Brauhaus. What happened? I came here with a friend last night and we were both incredibly disappointed. In looking for a middle-of-the-road option (nothing dressy or too expensive, but something nicer than say a hot wings corner bar), I suggested we head to this spot.

We each got a 1 liter beer, an entree, and potato pancakes to share. 

The beer: My friend and I wanted to drink out of a boot, one of those glass 1-2 liter boots we'd seen others enjoy. After selecting the Ayinger Oktoberfest brew and my friend getting the Hausbrau liter, the waitress informed us that his pick didn't come in a 1 liter serving (because the manager doesn't like to offer that beer by the liter). Without really explaining why, she walks away, but only to come back with both of our selections in a boot! Super! Except that my beer was warm...and later cost me $19.50!!!!! She explained that they didn't have a way to charge me for the boot (um, hello, why do you even have them then?) so she just charged me for 3 beers. Based on a general rule of thumb, whenever there are, let's say, 3 different sizes of things, each one costs more, yes, BUT you've got to save a little for going with the larger size. Think of it as if you were ordering a large drink over a medium one at a movie theater ("for only a quarter more..."). My friend's beer, $11...exactly what that boot should cost.

Food: My friend ordered the Wurst plate ($16) and I went with the Rouladen ($20). The wurst came out cold. Cold! As for the Rouladen, I should've ordered the Wiener Schnitzel.

The most redeeming part of last night's dinner were the potato pancakes ($6)...not because they were amazing (they're just potato pancakes), but because they were still warm when they hit our table. 

Our grand total came to $78.49. I would ordinarily have no problem paying that much for excellent food and service, but here, I felt swindled. 

Final thoughts: completely overpriced for food and beer that's half-assed.
Most impressive to me was opening the beer menu and seeing certain items I hadn't seen since my last visit to Germany; ie, Augustiner Bräu Edelstoff. The beer menu is extensive with some 15 German beers on tap and countless bottled beers from around Germany. The food is authentic and solid, this restaurant does it extremely well from service, to beer, wine, appetizers, main courses and desserts, Brauhaus Schmitz comes as close to a visit in Germany as you will get stateside!
Not family friendly, nor disability friendly.

We came to Brauhaus early on a Sunday evening. My wife and I walked in with my two sons (10 and 7), and the maitre d paid no attention to us as I stood at her station. When I asked her about a table, she told me she was off-duty, and I could sit anywhere I wanted to sit.

We chose a table near the front window, because my younger son is vision impaired and cannot see in dim light. After a few minutes, another employee told us we couldn't sit there, because it was saved for a table for six, even though it was a table for two and a table for four pushed together, and there were other combinations that could have been made in the restaurant. 

I explained to her that my son couldn't see if we took a table deeper in the restaurant -- I even checked by walking back with him. And I explained that we wouldn't be able to eat there if we had to move tables. 

She told us that there was nothing she could do, so we left.

It's the first time that a restaurant in Philadelphia was unwilling to accommodate my son's disability. So very disappointing.
Talk to enough people about good beer and they will lead you in the right direction. That's how I found my way to the Brauhaus Schmitz and came back for seconds with my beer loving counterpart. 

I stopped in alone, after shopping the Italian Market for a beer. Although the place was PACKED for a Saturday I found a seat at the bar and ordered a Schneider Aventinus Weizenbock, 8.2%. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8j3blTZChklt3j89jxx0fw?select=Sfzkib1BaW7jE97NnvkC2Q It was an excellent choice too.

So when I was back in the hood with the Mister, I brought him over for a brew. I decided to try something new and he went with his favorite, a Hefen-Weizen. I ordered the Julius Echter Dunkelweizen and he ordered the Julius Echter Hefen-Weizen, both really good and put us in the mood for strolling down South Street, taking pictures and window shopping.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8j3blTZChklt3j89jxx0fw?select=UDcbb4us09oPMLlHVJgf6Q

The Brauhaus is fun, the waitresses look great in thier beer maid outfits and the service was good. Another great stop on a BEERcation in Philadelphia.
I checked this place out over the weekend, and I'm surprised the reviews are so unfavorable. My friend and I were seated immediately (right by the window, in fact) and our waitress came over with menus and suggestions in no time. The beer arrived within 10 minutes of sitting down and the food followed up shortly there after. 

My friend and I shared the Gulaschsuppe (beef stew) and the Bratwurst. Both were pretty decent, but since feeding me is like feeding an army, I had to order the obligatory second lunch. I opted for the Wiener Schnitzel (lightly breaded and fried pork cutlet served with slices of lemon and parsley). That was definitely my favorite.

I'm not a huge fan of German cuisine, but I do really love the beers. I can sense spontaneous cravings for weiner schnitzel in my future, so I'll most likely make this place my one trick pony.
My 2 word review:  Der Hooters (please imagine umlauts over the "oo" as my smart phone cant perform that function)


And now my multi word review.

I've spent a good deal of time in Deutschland. There was my time actually living in Germany, and my time married to a German Frau. I like to think I know my German food, but the fact is, I probably wouldn't know popular authentic German cuisine if it was wearing a black turtleneck and mocking my genitals.

The reason for this is simple. I was sheltered in my German experiences. I spent all of my time with my inlaws at home and rarely ventured out to restraunts. We also didn't live in Bavaria, which is what people imagine when thinking about all things German. It would be like a foreigner, basing America as a whole, based on a trip to NYC.

All this being said, much of what Brauhaus Schmitz has to offer, conjured up pleasant memories of my time in the Mutterland.

In the middle of the quirk parade, that is South Street, there is the wooden arched doorway that is Brauhaus Schmitz. It's German sensibility almost seems out of place in the wild South Street vibe, yet it works. Set up as a kind of biergarten, Schmitz captures the Bavarian spirit, of which I am only a distant acquaintance. 

As European beers go, this place is a paradise of Teutonic proportions. You want to try them all, but the alcoholic contents of these quaffs, force you to hit the breaks. After 3 good sized brews, I was feeling loopy, the inner Griswald  rising to the surface.

I can say with some authority, that the food choices at Brauhaus, represent the majority of German foods, I have come to love. When dating my wife back in the early 90s, I had always been looking for a place like this, to stave off her homesickness ( and to stop the complaining about there being no good German food in Philly.)

Each thing I sampled at Brauhaus, transported me back to Oma's Sunday dinner, in a way that memories and photographs can't.

I'll only give short schrift to the extra bonus of BS, that is the outfits that the waitresses wore. It was certainly a sight(s) to behold.

While the Brauhaus Schmitz virtual Bavaria experience can certainly do a number on your bank account, I feel it is worth it.  They do a fantastic job of bringing Germany to you, and in my case, bringing me back to Germany. Prost indeed.
We swung by Brauhaus on a whim after watching the Flyers kick some Buffalo butt on Thursday. Little did we know, we'd be joining in on the Karneval celebration. 

Bags of hot, sugary fastnachts made their way around the table and paired surprisingly well with my Erdinger. A shared plate of chicken jägerschnitzel with sides of potatoes and potato pancakes (again, we were several beers deep at this point - double potatoes were necessary) plus an order of delicious sauerkraut balls and I was in heaven. German heaven.

I've decided that Brauhaus is well deserving of the full five stars. They're the place for great German beer and food in this city. And I am pretty stoked for their upcoming expansion as well.
I tend to stay away from restaurants that are too theme-y, or that try too hard and distract you with décor or costumes for their servers (I'm looking at you, Stephen Starr!) - but Brauhaus Schmitz is the exception to the rule.  

Despite the distraction of very perky bosoms, I enjoy the dirndls - they remind me of the Sound of Music and Oktoberfests of years past.  It is also a nice little throwback to the dearly departed, Ludwig's Garten - and gives the space a little color and personality.  Dirndls or not, service is knowledgeable (they know their beers), prompt and pleasant.

The space is a bit generic, narrow, tight and bright with lots of golden wood (hey ho! I'm only talking interiors, here!) and two floors for dining.  Disappointingly, the bar and bar area is smaller than you would expect from a German Beer Hall.  The bar has enough seating for about ten people and because the space is so narrow, it is aligned next to the dining booths and does not leave room to mill about.

For fans of German cuisine, this menu is here to soothe your hungry belly.  Rib-sticking, carb-laden beer drinking grub with hefty portions to boot - and reasonably priced too!   Try their full-bodied tasty goulash - there's also mad offerings of wurst... along with mmmm.. homemade bratwurst, which comes in both half a meter and full meter. (don't be a wimp, order the meter! you won't regret it)  Also a fave, is the Jagerschnitzel served with Kartoffelpuffer (a must - moist potato pancake served with sour cream) and to lighten the heavy load, their house salad dotted with plenty of red sliced radishes (all main dishes come with a choice of two sides). 

Most importantly, so very importantly, is their bier.  Ja, Bier!!  A seriously fantastic collection both on tap and in bottles and if you want, served in massive steins.  Two of those will do the trick. Trust me. 

 If you're in a friendly group that aren't germaphobes be sure to partake in the DAS Boot challenge: a two litre Boot-shaped glass.  Brauhaus fills it up with your choice of beer and it goes like this: each person in your group must take a turn drinking from the boot, each time flicking the boot for good luck before passing it along ( during the challenge you can never put the boot down), whomever takes the penultimate drink loses (and buys the next round). Thus the challenge is to either finish the beer or leave a challenging quantity to the next person to try and finish.  

A group of us took the challenge (three or four times, ahem) on this recent NYE and it was a night to remember (if not, to forget).  Prost!
I visited this bar with a friend and I enjoyed the large variety of beers offered.  The overall environment of the German restaurant was fun and just like "Texas" everything is done BIG - The beers - The Food = BIG!

I had a few German brews along with a bratwurst and pretzel.  I enjoyed the our bartender who provided us with plenty of samples and educated us on German beers.  

I will be back to enjoy more of the offerings.
Brauhaus is a great bar with an always lively crowd, especially on weekends during soccer matches. The tall ceilings and blonde wood give an airy, friendly vibe. Perfect with a half-liter of Franziskaner. 

When it's a full house, the bar area is always a little too tight for comfort. Don't expect to stand behind the occupied bar stools and not get smashed up on by servers and passers-by the entire time. 

On my most recent visit, I finally tried some of the food offerings. Potato pancakes were delicious, naturally. Pork jägerschnitzel was very flavorful, with tons of smoke from the bacon and a very hearty mushroom gravy. I ordered it alongside sauerkraut and apple sauce, though I would have loved a side of mashed potatoes in place of the apple sauce. The sauerkraut was delicious although I'm not a fan of caraway seeds. Unfortunately for me, they seem to be par for the course in the 'kraut at German restaurants. To wash it all down, I tried an Erdinger Festweise which was similar to Franziskaner and absolutely delicious. 

If you're ever in the market to check out a Union game, Brauhaus runs a round-trip bus to every home game for twenty bucks a head, which includes beer. An awesome deal and a very fun time. 

This bar fills a niche in the city, and in the best way possible.
I probably should have given 5 stars to begin with. Brauhaus Schmitz is one of the most unique dining experiences you can have in Philly and the people responsible should be commended. 

A friend of mine and I drove into the city without much direction of where we wanted to eat. My suburb dwelling friend put it on me to choose the spot and my first thought went to South Street. It want until we got to about 8th and South that a faint Yodeling in my head told me to try Schmitz. 

It was around 7pm on a Saturday and we lucked out that it was in between the dinner rush and drunken bar hop rush and we were sat immediately. 

We each chose an amazing beer that we were both pleased with. We opted to each get a pretzel to start and then shared the Wurst Brett. The Wurst Brett is a wonder to behold. A giant wooden board with 5-6 house made sausage of varying heat and flavor with your choice of 2 large sides (we chose kraut and spaetzle). Neverind yhe implications of 2 men sharing a plate of phallic looking food, we were completely satisfied. The meal was more than enough for both of us as well as a few choice leftover meals on subsequent days. 


Just a few complaints, of which I haven't subtracted any points because they are just personal preference;

-we received 2 dipping mustards with the pretzels (which we also used with the wurst).
I'm not a fan of the sweet one (my buddy liked it) and the other seemed just like a simple mustard. I'd prefer a spicier mustard. Not sure if that's an option.

- in my experience of eating wurst in Germany, a thick slice of rye usually accompanied the meal. It's possible that this is not common, but just something my family did but it really made the meal. I would slather the rye with mustard and eat the wurst with knife and fork utilizing the bread. Honestly, I didn't look at the menu to see if bread is an option but it would be a good choice or accompaniment to the Wurst Brett.

Overall, my friend could not stop saying how good an idea going to Brauhaus was. There's only so much Chinese/pizza/cheesesteak trips you can make before it becomes tedious. Schmitz is a unique and well executed option for a night out.
Auf Weidersehen! 

FOOD REVIEW INCOMING:

Brauhaus serves German fair that has the beer hall ambiance down. If you're coming to enjoy beer and looking for a cool German spot for alcohol only, a stop here is understandable. The servers and bartenders were friendly and kind! 

The grub on the otherhand is something that left me lingering for more. 

Had the beef goulash which was heavily salted.

The pork shank was served with mashed potatoes that were overworked and gummy and rock hard. Yes, I said the mashed potatoes were rock hard, I could sense the potatoes' energy and they were very sad. I'm actually really surprised that the kitchen thought it was serveable. Back to the pork shank it was cooked perfectly but again salty. 

The veal schnitzel was not the execution that was expected. Breading was off, meat was underseasoned, and a little cardboard like. Hand over some tonkatsu instead. 

Beef brisket was decent but not the best. 

The desserts were straight terrible. The almond cake marzipan was a NO, the apple pie, NO. Stale and mushy. 

I end this review just as I started it, Auf Weidersehen! 

Food is a nay, but beer is a yay!
My cousins and I stopped by Brauhaus Schmitz for a few beers while waiting for more of my cousins to meet up with on South Street.  I like how big and spacious the place is.  Two floors and a private dining room in the back.   It's definitely a great spot if you want to meet up with friends and have some beers and brats.

While waiting though, I decided to snack on some Currywurst.  It really doesn't get any better than a Brat with Curry Ketchup and Fries -- http://bit.ly/1dgDP0y.  It's a perfect snack!!

I'm a huge sucker for German food, especially schnitzel, so I would love to come back here again and try their version of it.  From the pics on yelp they look awesome!
I'm going to have to go against the grain here, because this place was just not my jam.

Their beer list seems to be pretty authentically German, which means you're looking at $7+ for a lot of beers. This definitely isn't a $4 Kenzinger type place. I got a $6.50 Hefeweizen which was a Hefeweizen ('nuff said) and the boyfriend got the liter of the house brew (which is a light beer like Budweiser) and got a kick out of the huge mug. In contrast to other reviewers' experiences, the server definitely didn't take time to walk us through the slightly complicated beer menu or make suggestions and was more like "drafts start on this page."

They start you out with white and dark (rye? pumpernickle?) breads with herbed butter and two mustards: a true yellow and a sweet whole-grain. This was nice. Both of us had enjoyed unbelievably delicious bratwurst in Germany, so hoping this would be the real deal we went with the house made Nürnberg style bratwurst. Also, in a metric system fail, we opted for $28 "for two" meter-long portion. The server assured us this was good for two. 

This thing was a beast. For the metrically challenged, this is three plus feet of sausage. The table next to us actually said "holy crap" when it arrived. Good for two? Really? We would have been just fine with the half meter. 

Aside from the ridiculous size it was not tasty--more like a breakfast sausage without that customary bratwurst kick. I have enjoyed better Johnsonvilles. Let's not lie, I have professed love to a hot-off-the-grill Johnsonville on a bun. The spaetzle was a bit like scrambled eggs without salt and the kartoffelpuffer (potato pancake with sour cream) was delish. I never bad mouth fried potatoes. 

$58 later, and enough leftover sausage to feed a construction crew, I left unimpressed.
Reasons to like Brauhaus:
- Generally clean bathrooms.
- Comfy/quieter upstairs dining.
- Sweeping bar!
- Ridiculous German beer list. Woohoo Freigeist!
- Fun events (May Fest, Oktoberfest, PBW happenings like Gose Gone Wild).
- Nice staff and bartenders.
- Pretty cool RW dinner (see Shiloh L.'s review from last summer -- we basically ate the same thing and had the same opinion...).
- Jovial atmosphere.

Reasons not to like Brauhaus:
- Maybe, um, no. No idea. Can't think of anything, but I already made this a list style review and I'm lazy so oh well.
This place delves deeper into the traditional German cookbook than any restaurant I've visited in the U.S.  Of course Brauhaus Schmitz serves standards like schnitzel (thin pork cutlet breaded and fried), sauerkraut and spaetzle (home-made pasta bits).  But they have fleishsalat (literally meat salad), which is chunks of a mild sausage tossed with tomatoes and a viniagrette, served with good dark bread.  Cheap, delicious totally authentic country food.  They also have Schweinehaxe, a long-cooked pork shank, sort of like an osso bucco but of course pig, you never see that anywhere.  It's a real treat to see these old-world, old-school classics!

The list of beers on tap ("Bier vom Fass") is jaw dropping astonishing for the diversity.   Unfiltered Hofbraeuhaus "Traunstein Zwickel"?  You'll be hard pressed to find this wonderfully cloudy lager in a bottle and here's it freshly tapped and so, so tasty.  Weihenstephaner Kristall-Weizen?  It's difficult to find a crystal-clear filtered wheat beer even in good beer stores, and here you're can drink frothy glasses of it straight from the keg.  The list includes beers from North Germany (Jever), the Ruhrgebiet (Frueh Koelsch),  the widely distributed Warsteiner pils and Koestritzer dark, plus a very large selection from Bavaria including Hacker-Pschorr.  Not to mention a few American craft beers that are done in the German style including Ramstein Maibock and Schneider-Brooklyner.  Have I dropped enough names?  Have I bored you yet?  I want to try every one.  Repeatedly.  And the beer list is why I have to give five stars despite imperfections elsewhere.

Pretzel is a relative steal at just $4.  Sauerkraut was perfectly cooked until tender, not stinky or crunchy.  Fries with curry ketchup were bliss.

We visited during the Spring and they had Spargel (white asparagus) on the menu!  This is another classic that's just never seen in the U.S.  Our order of Spargel with Hollendaise sauce was good but the sauce was cooked to the point that it thickened into almost cheese sauce, still tasty but a little goofy.

They promise Nuremberger bratwurst here, by the half meter ($15) or meter.  Well, it's sorta kinda good.  Forgive my bias, sausages sold on the street in Nuremberg on a roll are what Americans would call breakfast sausage, little fingers.  Here at Brauh. Sch. these sausages are not as fat as classic bratwurst but nowhere near as small the name promises, our were slightly miscooked with a tough (instead of snappy, crispy) skin.

One notable miss was the schaschlik, skewers of pork in a spicy hungarian red sauce.  The sauce was outstanding, spicy, yummy.  But the meat was alternately ridiculously fatty or so overdone it was leather, notably overpriced at $19.

The dessert selection is woefully inadequate.  A Schwarzwaelder Kirschtorte was chocolately, creamy and tasty but lacked all trace of Kirschwasser (cherry schnapps), basically a reinterpretation.  I want Dampfknudel mit Vanillesoesse!  Alas, not on the menu but maybe if everyone asks repeatedly ..  :)

Prices are kinda high, but if you drink at the bar 5-7 every beer is just $4. That helped a lot.

Friendly barkeep, and there's plenty of soccer on the big TVs if you are a fan.

How do I justify a full five stars considering all my bitching about the food?  You're right to ask.  The beers are just that good.  

Look for the big quiet dining room and bar in the back!
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! This is the only place in Philly where you can really get yourself immersed in German culture at a restaurant. 

The owner has dual citizenship in Germany and USA. In my opinion, he has brought such a special gem to South Phila! 

The chefs are amazing at what they do! I say this becauase I HATE sauerkraut, but somehow they figured out how to make it taste delicious...probably because he makes these amazing kraut balls that are fried. I didn't even know you could fry sauerkraut! 

This place does a great job of networking and making you feel at home when you are there. I have never experienced a restaurant that makes you feel so at home the minute you walk in. 

Beside the food being great (I didn't even like German food until this place won me over), the service is amazing. They have done a great job of hiring a staff that really brings the place to life.  

It's very clean. There are plenty of bathrooms and the lighting is perfection. I hate brightly lit spaces and it has a very classy, homey ambiance that, again does a great job of making you feel like you are walking to into your rich german grandparent's house. LoL!

The beer selection is really good. My favorites are the Andorfer Weizen, Zwickel and of course, Pear Schnapps. 

Every Friday, their pasty chef makes new creations for the weekend and she is married to the head chef there. They are a great team! 

I know I sound like I am soliciting this place like hardcore, but I am tell you that this place has really made Philly feel like home for me. I never thought walking in there, for the first time, eight months ago that I would so quickly become a "Regular" and be treated so well by the staff. Probably doesn't hurt though, that I spend so much money there! hahahaha But obviously, I REALLY love this place! I have made some really great friendships there, because overall, the people that go there are just so damn friendly. I am from the South and it is nice to be around people that are as nice & quirky as I am! haha

They just did an expansion called The Brauer Bund which features new bathrooms, a new  bar that was imported from Germany (I think.) It is a SOLID piece of wood. You really have to see it to believe it. They have a beautiful seating arrangement, fireplace and darts! There's a dart league that plays on Tuesdays. 
 
If you are looking to have the best German food of your life and really get the feel of what it's like to be part of this culture in Philadelphia, then this place is definitely for you. 

& FYI to the girl that left the review criticizing the name, "Brauerei" mean "Brewery" and "Brauhaus" means "A place where you can get beer."

A very large percent of the staff are German speakers, as well as a lot of the customers that visit regularly, but don't worry you don't have to speak German to get the experience of this place. If you go frequently enough though, you will undoubtedly begin to pick up the language. 

It should also be mentioned that they host a HUGE Oktoberfest event every year where they shut down a large chunk of South Street & it's a-ok if you get "Bierleichen" (passed out drunk.) 
They also play Bundesliga games  and even open early for them (9am) throughout the week and weekends. 

If you are going to go I recommend the Strammermax which is like eggs benedict, but the bread doesn't get mushy. The fried kraut balls are superb. The potato pancakes are one of my favorite any time foods. 

You can order a "Radler" which is beer mixed with Sprite, if you are looking for something not too beery but still refreshing. 

OR my personal favorite, their version a "Dirty Hoe." Which is beer mixed with Raspberry Lambic. It makes it super sweet, but you still get that awesome beer bite, though I like to order mine "Filthy." Seth makes the best ones. 

I can honestly say that I have never been disappointed by the service or food at this place, EXCEPT for their salads, but I think fish on salads is somewhat of an acquired taste and totally NOT my thing! ha 

The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food. They have happy hours and take credit cards, which is always good by me. I can not stand 'cash only' places. There's brunch on Sundays which I've heard is awesome, but I have yet to been able to try that out. 

Just go. Seriously, you won't be disappointed. Tell them Krystal sent you! hahaha
I love it when restaurants pick a theme and commits.  This place is like the German pavilion at Epcot, minus a little bit of the cheesiness, and plus much better food and a great beer list.  What Brauhaus Schmitz is great for: 
Happy Hour/a quick drink - great German beer list, one of the best in the city, if not the best next to Bru, and large beers 
Snacks - anything off of the appetizer list makes a great snack and perfect for sharing, everyone loves soft pretzels, but definitely try the fried saurekraut croquettes or the German pizzas for something different! 
Good food that  makes everyone happy: this menu is great for the adventurous and the non-adventurous alike, you can order a simple sausage platter, or schnitzel or try something new a different and it is all delicious with huge portions.  Also do not miss the spatzle, its like fancy German  mac and cheese with a little crispy-ness added.  
Having a good time: Like I said, this place is kind of the a more adult version of the German pavilion at Epcot, it has a fun, care free atmosphere where everyone seems to just want to have a good time.  
Basically this is a great place for everything, a quick drink, a dinner with friends (they're even great for big groups), or sharing some quick snacks.
There is a new term in town and it's 'I've been Brauhaused."  Being Brauhaused is the feeling you get after downing two liters of beer and eating copious amounts of sausage, it's akin to the Thanksgiving experience without getting sleepy.  Happiness.

The location on South Street would not have been my first choice but I can ignore the kids long enough to escape inside.  A fresh oasis, clean, bright, blonde woods and cool air, you can completely forget the grime and noise of South Street inside Brauhaus Schmitz.

I cannot say that I've extensively explored the menu, since this was my first visit.  However I stuck to the 'house specials' so that I could get a feeling of how Brauhaus wished to present itself.

This is the only place in town that serves beer by the Liter, inside the kind of mugs you see on TV from Oktoberfest.  There are plenty of German brews for the officianoto but to be honest I'm here for the gimmick, the full on German experience.  I can get fancy beer anywhere in the city, but I can only get a mug big enough to knock out a water bison at Brauhaus.  Asking the bartender for his opinion he suggested the 'house beer', which was sufficiently tasty while remaining very light so that it did not weigh me down or overwhelm, as so many modern microbrews tend to do.

If you're looking for the type of people who enjoy proclaiming their German heritage and expounding upon their many trips to the Fatherland, you'll find no shortage of this type of patron.  As annoying as these types of unwanted ambassadors are, they do have a few good suggestions on the food.  I was introduced to small snacking sausages you can buy for a $1 a piece while you wait for you food or just to sip with your beer.  It's not on the menu, but they are Yummy!

The first food ordered was the Gulaschsuppe, which is a beef stew with potatoes. When I asked for this I was immediately informed that there was fresh spatzel available to add to the stew, not being one to pass up an opportunity I dived right in.  Now my only complaint I have here is that this stew is a $7 item on the menu however this order morphed into a $15 massive bowl of stew and spatzel, with EXTRA spatzel on the side in case there was not enough.

I ate it all without complaint.  The beef melts in the mouth, the broth was rich with mellow spice and beef juices, perfectly cooked potatoes, the spatzel was so wonderful I even ate the extra.  I will order this again and again and again.  Hearty and delicious, a full meal.  Which made me regret ordering the 'house special' sausage, previously to ordering the stew.

I was only able to eat a small amount of the meter long, Hausgemachte Nürnberger Bratwurst  (something like two pounds of meat), but it was also very good.  Very fine grinding so that there are no grisly bits (like most American sausage), lightly spiced, cooked to perfection.  The house 'green mustard' was spicy and very appropriate to heighten the flavors inside the wurst.

As for sides the potato pancakes were fine, the potato dumpling was something I'll probably pass on in the future, the apple sauce was nothing special.  If they spent more time on their side dishes the dinner would have been perfect.

I give this place five stars because along with great food and beer, the wait staff are extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.  The atmosphere is calm and conducive to conversation and there is only one TV in the bar, so high up you get tired of watching it and return to the food, which deserves all of your attention.
I do not see how anyone could give this restaurant five stars unless they are the type of people that go in and do not care how they are treated-the type of people that are satisfied with mediocre. Why is it when someone has exceptionally bad service, people that don't know them always assume its them? I think it is safe to say I had the worse service of my entire life in this restaurant and you can believe that there was nothing we did to warrant it. 

Its also incredible how connected the server is to the experience. In this case, I am not able to review Brauhaus Schmitz positively, because there were no positives in execution of our dinner-- from the service to the food.  

In fact, I would like to get a job here because not much is required of the servers-- they do not have to speak german, they do not refill water, bring lemons, clear beer bottles, remember food allergies, or even to alert management when there is a mistake. The food is expensive, which equates to nice tips for little work because everyone knows you do not punish bad service with a bad tip.Tips are not a reward, but rather the  fee paid for a service. Our server was blatently rude to us from the time we sat down and messed up our order, and she still got 20%, or $30. 

This place is a novelty and it is expensive for that reason only. 

I had grilled salmon, spatzle, and potato salad. The salmon was cooked well. The spatzle was fried, not sauteed like described on the menu and the majority of it burnt. Burnt, crispy, greasy flavorless pasta. If the server described it as fluffy and similar to gnocchi, and it comes out dark brown and crispy, isn't anyone that works there concerned? 

The Wienerschnitzel my mother ordered was 90% gristle. Not fat, but actual gristle. Technically, some people actually eat fat, but gristle by definition is inedible. When my mother told the server, she said "I don't know what to do for you." And left us. She did not tell the manager, she did not offer for the food to be re-made, she did not come back to the table at all. Eventually, about 15 minutes later, we flagged down another server, because we couldn't believe this. He brought the bar manager over who offered to replace the dish and send over some dessert for my grandmoms birthday. We let them replace the entree, that was uneaten, but decided to buy our own dessert. We really weren't out to take advantage of anyone.. 

This is where it becomes annoying to even talk about anymore. When the dish was replaced with the salmon, it came out completely raw in the center. The bar manager told us it would take 10-12 minutes, so when it comes out in half the time and isn't cooked for a person that likes everything well done, there really isn't much more you can do. But out of four meals, if one is completely awful, two are average and one is good, what does that say about them?? This is actually reflected in the reviews as well. 

Some side notes: We went on a Wednesday night, so the restaurant manager and chef were not there. It was pretty full when we left, so I think if a restaurant is open , the same quality of service and food should be expected regardless of the day you choose to go. 

 I asked if I could pay to add onions to the side of Kartoffelpuffer that comes with an entree and was told that it would be too confusing for the cooks. But Kartoffelpuffer  with onions is already on the menu...

The best thing on the menu was the Pilzstrudel mit Zwiebelsoße  appetizer. My favorite thing period was the garlic and chive butter that comes with the bread. Everything else we tried was greasy and lackluster. 

It had a weird sports bar type feel, and with sports playing on the tvs around the bar, I guess that is what it's ment to be. Forks and Knives are self serve in a beer glass on the table.. Our booth was actually positioned so one seat was touching the air conditioning vent, with the air on and blowing against my aunts upper thigh. Moving booths would probably have been too much of a hassle, so she put her jacket there to cover it. Lots of little things that show you how little care is put into anything..

And finally, I have never been in a louder restaurant. Halfway through dinner, two of the four people at our table got pounding headaches.
I'll readily admit, I'm the Colonel Klink of German Bier-Hall expertise. 

My German acumen is accumulated from seeing Germany (in Busch Gardens & Epcot)..as well as Otto's in Horsham, Ludwigs here in Philly..and watching hours of Hogans Heroes. So, I am obviously more than qualified to comment on Brauhaus Schmitz.

I am giving them slack, as I am desperate for authentic, good German food and beer in Philadelphia, and they are still fine-tuning.

We had the Sauerbraten and 3-4 half-liters of various biers. The Sauerbraten was dry, yet the spaetzle and sauerkraut were terrific. 

The service was quick, the atmosphere very good. We were told the wait for table was 30min, 15 min later, we were seated. 

We enjoyed the music (although barely audible). The beer selection is great, and rotates. The wait staff knew their stuff on food (although they need to bone-up on their beer knowledge..for us clueless on German Beer). 

Gotta hit the Brats and Goulash!
I really didn't want my very first Yelp review to be a bad one.  I have a list of about 5 amazing places that I'd like to carve out the time to review, including Amis and Sampan, but it just seems like words of disappointment and frustration are easier to write.  I went with three of my friends to the Brauhaus on Saturday.  We got there at 7 and put our name on the list.  The hostess told us it would be an hour, so we settled down in a couple of chairs and a bench behind the bar area, ordered a couple of rounds of beer, and hung out.

At around 7:45, we checked in with the hostess again, and she mentioned that we were still fifth on the list, and that it would be about 35 more minutes, for a total wait of about 1:20.  Still fine by us.  Some of us got some more beer (all told, we spent over $60 on beer while waiting).  Shortly after that, we watched a party of no less than twenty filing up the stairs.  I turned to my friends and said, "There's no way they'll be able to seat us in half an hour. They just sat a quarter of their dining room in one shot."  At around 8:40, from upstairs, the hostess made eye contact with us.  She came down the stairs and made a beeline toward us.  "Finally," we said among ourselves.  She then demanded -- without any "please" or pleasantries at all -- that we give up the chairs we'd been sitting in, because another table needed them.  She also told us that we were still third on the list, behind a party of six and a party of four.

Fast forward to 9:00, when we had been waiting for two hours.  A gentleman (owner? manager?) who had previously been seating people was then standing right across from us, having a beer with his friend.  At that time, we learned from the hostess that, even though I could eyeball three empty tables, we were no closer to being sat than we were twenty minutes previously.  The gentleman heard us complaining among ourselves and engaged us -- not to apologize, or smooth our ruffled feathers, but to say, "What do you expect us to do?  Demand people leave?"

I think we were pretty patient as we explained that our issue was largely that no one was managing our expectations, and that the only time anyone actively reached out to us was to demand we give up our seats.  I told the gentleman that, having been in the business, I found it unrealistic for them to quote an hour wait when they knew they'd be seating a party of 20+ on a Saturday night, and that if we'd known it would have been more than a 2 hour wait, we would have gone somewhere else and hit the Brauhaus another time.  The establishment's failure to properly manage its seating process cost us (and a bunch of other grumbling would-be patrons) a nice Saturday evening.  The fact that they felt the need to confront us and imply that we were the ones with the problem cost us our pleasant moods.  We ended up sitting down to dinner at almost 10:00 somewhere else. (That meal was excellent, and I'll review it another time.)

I've eaten at the Brauhaus before, and the food is pretty good.  I like their beer selection. The service is of a consistently good quality.  But, frankly, there are enough good restaurants in this city that I don't really feel as though I need to visit Brauhaus again. And there are enough restaurants where a seating logjam like the one I just described would have been handled in a way that made would-be patrons feel appreciated and welcome.
Finally Philadelphia has a decent German Restaurant !  The place is already pretty loud so I don't see the need for a guy strolling through the place in a Lederhosen-type outfit playing music on an accordion.  The female wait staff are also in traditional dress.

There were 3 of us and we shared 2 appetizers - both very good (Rollmops - Pickled herring filets wrapped around onion and dill pickle.  and Geräucherte Fischplatte  a selection of smoked fish served with pickled red onions, capers, sour cream, and rye bread.

The entrees, going from very good to good were Schweinshaxe  (Rotisserie pork shank rubbed with mustard and coarse salt with crackling;  Schweinsbratten (Braised pork  marinated in red wine, vinegar, and spices) and  Jägerschnitzel  (Lightly breaded and fried pork cutlet served with "Hunter sauce" made of mushrooms, bacon, onions, and red wine.)

The potato dumpling and sauerkraut sides were very good - the spätzle and red cabbage a disappointment.

There must be about 20 (German) beers on tap and a bottled beer list that takes up two pages.  We sampled 5 different ones and overall really enjoyed them.

For the above, before tip, around $125.  So now I know where to go for my "German-fix" - hopefully the place will only improve over a very good start.
Having just spent a month in Europe and having gone to Munich, I was really excited to hear that a brauhaus had just been opened.  Boy, was I disappointed.  

For starters, my friend had to order about 7 times before they actually had a beer listed on their menu.  They were out of almost everything on the menu!  Second, this is not a beer house.  This is nothing like one!  Beer houses are open, social places.  This was a narrow bar with just booths.  It wasn't open enough for the social gatherings that usually happen in beer houses.  Finally, I was expecting some good ol' cultured German entertainment, but again, no such luck.  

I would say the one big plus was getting a whole liter of beer.  Otherwise, it's not worth the trip to south street.
This place is just flat out awesome. If you're a beer person, they've got tons of different beers bottled and on tap, mostly in the German variety. Some of these are harder to find in the states. And some beers you can get in a liter mug. 

For food, it's instant nostalgia if you've been to Germany, otherwise it's just a great dining experience. This is as close to authentic German food as your going to get in Philly. That being said, if you're a vegetarian, German food probably isn't for you (they may have vegetarian dishes, but you'll be limited). 

This place is just what you need for a good hearty meal to combat the winter and will have some nice cold beer to refresh you in the summer. One of my new favorites in the city.
Mmmm, German food. This place is really good. We went to Brauhaus Schmitz midafternoon on a Friday and found it to be pleasantly uncrowded. There was street parking right in front of the restaurant (say what?) and a table available when we walked in. The highlights in order:

-Beer. Oh my God, beer list!!!! This place has a really impressive beer list. There were many varieties of German beer on tap, including one that (according to the menu) is only otherwise available in the small German town in which it is brewed. Then there are a bunch of other draft choices. Oh yeah, and a killer 80-bottle selection on top of that.
-Service. Excellent. Our waiter was very friendly and very knowledgeable about both the beer list and the food list. His recommendations were solid. He was attentive and not pushy. Five stars for service.
-Food. Really good -- not the best German food I've ever had but just a shade below that. I had the wurst platte and the two sausages were excellent. Served with two different kinds of mustard. The spatzle was delicious... crunchy on the outside and tasty. The German potato salad was so good -- tart from the vinegar, savory from the herbs and absolutely perfect. They should sell it in buckets so you can take it home. Dessert-wise, we had the poppy poundcake and apple strudel for dessert. Both were good, but the strudel was the clear winner.
-Prices were not cheap but reasonable. In all it was about $100 for three of us at lunch.

Sure we will be back. Excellent.
I was in the mood for some downtown, Oktoberfest beer quaffing on Friday night and Brauhaus Schmitz, recommended by the always useful Eva, was the chosen destination.  After getting off the train at Market East, it was a brisk 10 minute walk to prepare the body and mind for the culinary sojourn into all things German.

I was there to drink large, cold steins of draft German lager, and I was not disappointed.   Served in either half liter (suitable for Großmutter) or the manly liter size, the cold, medium body Hofbrau Original really hit the spot.  Among their draft selections, it was one of the best medium lagers I've ever thrown back.  For some reason, subsequent mugs of this delightful brew even tasted better.  The St. Pauli Girl dressed bartenders only enhanced the gestalt.
  
After resisting the urge to sing marching songs, I ordered some things from the menu.  The Nürnberger Bratwurst, a house made pork sausage, was the best brat I've ever had.  The pretzel and spätzle only further provoked my desire to annex the Sudetenland.  Desert for me was no mere confection; after copious beer and sides I finished with a delicious cured sausage that was sitting in a jar across the bar and had been beckoning me to free it from the Treaty of Versailles-like confines of the glass container.  I marched off to the train station happily gnawing this latest conquest.

Ignore the unfavorable reviews written by the non Übermensches.  My struggle, mein kampf, against weight gain was happily lost at Brauhaus Schmitz.  The next time I have the urge to either enjoy great German beer and food and/or invade a neighboring country, Brauhaus Schmitz will be the spot to fuel up my "tank."
I really wanted to love this place.  I really did, but I couldn't.   It could be because I went in for restaurant week, but it was not crowded on a Tuesday night with a 27 degree weather.  The German beer list is hugeeeee, in which I DO enjoy.

I ordered:
Bierkäsesuppe (beer and cheese soup)
Laugenstangen (pretzel sticks with sweet mustard and spicy mustard)
Wurstplatte (weisswurst & bratwurst w/spaetzle & saurkraut sides)
Brezelauflauf (pretzel bread pretzel)

My boyfriend ordered:
Ungarisches Gulasch (Hungarian goulash)
Kartoffelpuffer (potato pancakes)
Wiener Schnitzel (chicken cutlet w/braised red cabbage & spaetzle
Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte (whipped cream chocolate cake)


The service was good.  The food came out quick, like fast-food quick.  I was surprised and slightly suspicious, but I was mostly happy that the food was served quickly.  


Long story short, I disliked the dishes I ordered; however, my boyfriend chose delicious dishes.  I couldn't finish my beer and cheese soup.  I couldn't even use it to dip the bread rolls in.  The Hungarian goulash was amazing, though.  It was packed with flavor, might be a little salty for those who want a more mild starting soup.  Moving on, the mustards for the pretzels sticks is decent, but the dish came with just two sticks.; I can't complain much because the sticks had a fluffy texture.  The potato pancakes were a better choice, though.  They give you two decent sized pancakes, served with sweet apple sauce and sour cream.  I know it may sound unusual, but I recommend eating the pancakes with the apple sauce on top.  Next, we were served our main course.  ...I couldn't finish my dish nor did I want to get a take out box.  I was very underwhelmed by the taste.  I wished the spaetzle was more cheesier; it's kinda like eating crumbs.  My date's dish was amazing though!  I think the schnitzel tasted great!  As for dessert, I couldn't finish my dessert either.:(  I don't know why I'm so mehh about the food, this rarely happens to me.  My date liked his dessert, though.  

Overall, I think my personal experience wasn't good.  I think I chose all the wrong dishes for myself.  My date, however, had a good time and rates his experience at Brauhaus a 4-ish.
So this place is amazing!!! The beer choices. The fried cheese log. The sausage. The potato pancakes where the best I've ever had. Also had a couple different items at our table. Pork. Chicken. Sausage. Everything was great and authentic. The beer. Let me say my guy was in heaven!!!! Can't wait to go back and try it agai
So after dinner, someone suggested that we all have a beer at Brauhaus. I don't speak German (and not sure if she does either), but as she pronounced it "bro house," I was basically picturing a fraternity-themed bar. Naturally, I was enthused. Much to my dismay, I was mistaken, but I was also instantly cheered up by the inviting façade of the "real" Brauhaus! Everything inside is made of pinewood, or some type of wood that is amber-gold in shade. If it were a paint color, it would be called "Blue Moon." 

It was a Friday night and the place was full but the four of us somehow got seated to a booth right away. (I love when that happens.) In true German fashion, we only had beers and fries - or, as they're called on the menu, "pommes," which was French last I checked. The fries were delish! And normally I don't even like fries. But these were good, nice and crispy and not too potato-ey in flavor. The beer list is huge, and has an essentially meaningless three-sentence description of each beer on tap - reading these, by the way, will not get you any closer to deciding what to get, at least if you're a beer noob like me. In fact, I found them fatally unhelpful. There is also an impressive offering of imported beers. 

I got the Gaffel Kolsch on the server's recommendation. Despite the slightly scary reference to the mysterious "German Purity Law of 1516" in its description, the kolsch turned out to be a very inoffensive, refreshing pale ale resembling sunshine in a glass. My friend, being all poetic, asked our server for a beer that was "the road less traveled." (First time I ever heard someone quote Robert Frost to order a beer!) Not missing a beat, the waiter replied that he get the Skullsplitter, clarifying it as "a beer to which no road leads." Haha. Major points on that one. Nota bene: Don't get the Skullsplitter. It's the color of mahogany and tastes like cough syrup.

Long story short, I enjoyed Brauhaus. Nothing about its décor is over-the-top or Disney-esque, but it still achieves a subtly inauthentic, escapist quality, giving it the "it's more than a bar... it's an 'experience'" attitude. Perhaps the waitresses dressed up like German peasant girls have something to do with it... Actually, the costume party aspect of Brauhaus may sound tacky but it's actually not! The only ill-advised part about it might be that the waiters don't wear lederhosen :(

Brauhaus is an airy, vibrant place that isn't a rowdy pub or a super snooty bar; instead it strikes a happy medium that borrows from both ends of the spectrum. It takes its drinks seriously and every wooden surface has a glossy varnish, but you also feel like you can let your hair down and chug a beer. Which brings me back to my first point - someone really *should* start a fraternity-themed bar :)
So my girlfriend claims to be half German yet she doesn't fancy beer, sausages, cheese and sauerkraut.  I told her she's a damn imposter!  It's like me saying I don't like fried rice, chow mein, and roasted pork.  Sigh  
I love this place!  Their beer selection alone is worth coming back and add to that their delicious food. Mmmm mmmm....  I had the 
Wurstplatte: kielbasa & ungarischewurst and I washed that down with pints of the 
German stout beer (kulmbacher Monchshof schwarzbier).  She went with the 
Kasseler rippchen (smoked pork chop).  She gave me the liver and sauerkraut which I happily enjoyed.
This is the Olive Garden of German beer halls, except much more expensive. The décor is nice, but the layout is narrow, loud, and not as socially inviting as one expects from a beer hall. 

We came on a Saturday for lunch. The place was packed, but there were only two waitresses working and no hostess. With no real direction on what to do (seat ourselves or wait) we ended up just asking one of the waitresses bringing out food if we could sit down. The service while very friendly was sparse, having to ask twice for utensils. I felt sorry for them; quite a few number of tables that they each had to cover. 

But we came for Food and Beer. Well the food was overpriced both in terms of portions and quality. Their knockwurst tasted like a ballpark frank. The obatzda wasn't anything special and could have included more bread (4 slices of rye bread, it's not even like the bread was that special or expensive). The landjager tasted and looked like a slim jim. The wiener schnitzel was probably the best of the meal, but was just decent in comparison to others. Just deep fried with lemon garnish and a small side of fries.

The beer list is just run of the mill for a place like this. Not many Bavarian ones, with most of the stuff you can find at other cheaper more traditional places.

Our entire bill came out to 90 for four people (including alcohol) and everyone left hungry.

June G. - 
There was no mug of utensils on the table when I visited. As a matter of fact the waitress had to bring over the entire mug of utensils. While I did think the food was overpriced (for what we received), I was merely stating the total price of the meal so that fellow readers could get an idea of how much a meal would cost. And we left hungry because the portions were small. Perhaps in the month and change since I've visited a lot of changed, or maybe you got lucky. But I stand by my review and my experience.
Wow - Yelpers are fast! Six days open and I'm third review!

OK, so there is one, and I mean ONE benefit to having a full blooded German mother in law. It's not learning German ,because you're going to do that. It's not learning the culture, because you're going to do that (or else). It's not even learning German history and geography because, you guessed it, you're going to learn that whether you like it or not.

The one true benefit will be learning the food and drink of this fantastic culture, and Brauhaus Schmitz is right on point. From the large selection of beers both on tap and in bottle, to the traditional food offerings (including modern ones such as curried wieners!) to the waitresses traditional dress, this place is Caanstater Volksfest in the heart of South Street.

My friends and I pop in around 5pm today to a good crown and grab a booth. The bar is packed! My eye catches Warsteiner Pils on the draft board so I know my first beer right off. Yes. there are many on the menu, but I know what I like to get the engine rolling.

How fun that they have $3 German 'tapas' plates!  From the lovely hot soft and crunch slightly sweet Laugenbrezel, to landjagers right from Rikers. The pickled egg with beets is very good, but for $3 there should be two eggs. The radi snack (Shaved, peeled radishes with salt) was unexpected and fun, and nicely sweet versus spicy hot .

The shinken platte came with traditional shinken (for those not in the know, it's essentially thin sliced canadian bacon), smoked gouda, some swiss cubes, cornichons, pickled onions, rye bread, and house made liverwurst. It could have used more bread, and the liverwurst was top notch. 

Beers were, of course, delicious. Served in the manufacturer's glassware (which is shaped to provide the optimal drinking experience) the fact they have made the effort to get the dozens and dozens of types of glassware in is excellent. The fact they had the Boot, was exceptional.

The German custom of drinking for a boot shaped drinking vessel supposedly started as a German army tradition during World War I. Soldiers would pass around a leather boot of "bier" prior to engaging the enemy. It was considered good luck to flick the beer boot before and after drinking from it. Americans soldiers were introduced to the custom of drink from a glass beer boot while stationed in Germany after World War II. There is a trick to drinking from a beer boot as to not get showered with beer if the toe of the boot is pointed in the wrong direction. Not hard you say? Look at the size of the boot baby - you're talking 1.5 liters of beer! 

And drink it in the same time your friend drink their .4 liter beers. 

Or - in my case, in seven minutes. Yep - after eating all that food, drinking a liter of pils and a liter of Kolsch, I asked for and was served a Hausbrau Boot. At that point my guests informed me that they had to leave in seven minutes or they would be late to work. As they were both bartenders, they knew how to work a crowd, stood up, and issued the challenge.

The bar went silent as people were A) shocked by these people standing up yelling that I was going to chug this boot of beer and B) how the hell did I get a boot of beer and where could they get one.

So I'll take credit for the first official Beer Boot Chug Challenge, of which, being this bar is on South Street, I am sure there will be many, many, many more. 

So to the chanting of the crowd, I called upon my years of mad drinking skills and picked up the boot, chugging half of it right down as people cheered. I paused, thinking that this was a terrible way to drink such a fine beer, and to release a little pressure. Two young guys with liters of Octoberfest joined me for the finale. I raised the boot, tilted the toe down, and chugged the rest, rotating the toe slowly up as I finished the massive beer. 

Cheers and applause went up as we paid the tab and I shook hands with my challengers, one of which finished shortly after I did. The younger of the two had to take a break half way through his beer and lost his momentum. Ahh, such is life.

So I see good things in the future of this place. Philly needs a good German restaurant and this place is on the right track. Add some gravlax and some steak tartare and you'll win my heart guys! As for the crowd, I think you'll always have the mix of young guys drinking the strongest crap they can order though older couples sipping a Pinot. 

But really, On this 233rd anniversary of our country's independence, is there anything more fun than sitting with a few 21 year old muscle cupcakes, some goth chicks, 60 year old German visitors to the city, yuppies, preppies, dudes, chicks, JRZY girls, and seven dozen other types of folks all here to have a good time? I think not!
What's the difference between a regular bar and Brauhaus Schmitz?  

Well, at a regular bar, you can get your beer in a nice, reasonably sized glass.  At Brauhaus Schmitz, you can get your beer in a vessel that is large enough to drown your friend in, should you get into a fight severe enough to warrant such outlandish behavior.  Also, you can use the glass as a holding cell for a cat or small dog once your beer is finished.  I've never seen these two scenarios play out, but they are not impossibilities.

The beer here is pretty good and I like the fries with curry ketchup.  I had the Kasespatzel once and it was decent.
We've been vigilantly watching the transformation of the old Abode furniture store into the gorgeous new space for Brauhaus Schmitz.  They had a soft opening on Saturday and officially opened to the public today.  The space is large with lots of seating on two floors including church pew booths and a huge, beautiful tangential-longitudinal cut wood table for seating large parties on the first floor.  There was a good crowd on this first night for the bar/restaurant.  The kitchen was a bit overwhelmed, and we didn't get a chance to try the food, so an update to this review will have to come later.

Like any good beer garten, Brauhaus Schmitz has 20 taps, 16 of which are dedicated to German brews.  They have all the appropriate glassware and serve great half-liter and even liter portions at very reasonable prices.  We had three beers ranging from light to dark, Franziskaner Hefeweizen, Paulaner Salvator and Spaten Oktoberfest.  All tasted great (tap lines and gas ready for their grand opening as they should be)!  In addition to the beers on tap (I don't know why you'd get anything else, but to each their own), they have a large selection of bottled beers, greatly American, Belgian, English and, of course, German.  I mean, you can also get a $4 bottle of Bud if you like, and they naturally have a few wines plus your standard full bar of liquor as well.  The range of other bottled beers is very impressive with a brew from Kenya as well as Czech, Russian, Finnish and Polish selections I've never even heard of either!

The crowd was about half hipster, and not a lot of old South Philly types, rather mostly 20s and 30s.  Brauhaus Schmitz has a nicely sized bar and two TVs, however, I don't know if it will ever be the place for watching sports because the space between the bar and the booths is quite narrow.  It could handle a crowd of about two deep, if that, before become a server's nightmare getting back and forth between the service end of the bar to the main floor of the downstairs dining room.  The variety of music was odd, some Elliott Smith, Norah Jones, Pink Floyd and traditional German tunes, but the crowd can get loud because of the double-height space.
So finally after numerous visits to Brauhaus Schmitz I decided to get around to writing a review.  As I stood there amongst the circus that is south street on a pleasant fall afternoon I finally realized that this review had to happen.  Perhaps it was the beer or maybe the roasted pig, but something made me grab the trusty iPhone and draft a review.

As a restaurant brauhaus Schmitz is simple.  There is no real flair.  The menu includes what seem to be traditional German staples (various kinds of sausages, sauerkraut, awesome spaetzle and of course Beer) and the service staff has always been pleasant, well informed and very stuffed into their corsets.  I'm not sure if corset is the right word but I can appreciate the effect it has.

If you've never dined here you should go and get the wurstplatte.  It's going to be an easily approachable dish because it let's you choose you sausage type and two sides.  It's priced very reasonably and like I said before the spaetzle kicks ass.  It's buttery and slighty crunchy, ok I'm making myself hungry.

Moving on, if you want a small adventure pre-meal I suggest the schinkenplatte.  It is a large board of meats, cheeses, pickled veggies and bread.  Easily split with a group of people or possibly housed alone if you're really getting ferschnooken (I made that one up Webster) it will not disappoint.  I believe I even had the black forest cake once and it was a very large, moist and decadent piece of cake.  Splitting that is a must unless you're the octomom.

The beer list changes pretty frequently and the selection is good both on draft and in bottles.  I met the owner at the Craft Beer Fest earlier this year and he was a cool man.  They had a special during the blizzard that we had in philly and he got cleaned out of his rochefort 10.

I love this place.
With the rhymes of 
"Ein Prosit, Ein Prosit, der Gemutlichkeit."
stilling chiming fresh on my mind from my oktoberfest visit last year, this German beerhouse, keeps me in my drunken stupor enough that i dont miss munich that much. 

It has been around for a  while now garnering enough attention that it is pretty hard to score seats easily these days. Though the  waitresses are dressed in gorgeous dirndls, and am glad the guys dont have to wear the lederhosen. The service is friendly and prompt on most nights, which is a plus.

Unlike the german tents, u can choose from a cornucopia of beers on draft as well as bottles. They keep an updated list on http://www.brauhausschmitz.com/beer/ 
so prepare early for maximum benefits. One thing I really would like them to do is since they almost provide most beers in a pint, liter or even the BOOT, please mark prices with some thought, cos the system is place now is ludicrous. Doug, the owner is tucked in the crowd on most nights and he mentions that they try to get some of the kegs directly from germany, in addition to some of the local favorites. 

Spaten and paulner are good draft picks i usually resort to , and occasionally even a schwazbier and the Dunkels to keep the party going. I douse myself in liter mugs as i believe lifting them is as good of a workout substitute than lifting barbells at the gym.

Food may not be their best  trade, but it sure is some of the authentic german pickings, like the potato pancakes and the obatza for appetizers and the schnitzels and the Wurstplates for entrees. Go for the White pork and veal, truly delectable. The prices are a tad bit high for food, so plan accordingly and do not eat too much that it deters u frm gorging on the beer.

Was here for a couple of the world cup games and the while back for the bundesliga games and mostly chanting the songs of our teams kept us from collapsing from all the beer we had had. If they get a bigger TV, i'd probably pitch my own tent here around the neighbourhood sometime.

I have brahaus to thank for keeping the spirit of the german festival alive in the streets of south philly, and the next time u hear some one chant ...

"Eins, zwei, drei g'suffa!"

"Zicke, zacke, zicke, zacke!

Chug along the beer and with a satisfied smile retort with a

"Hoi, hoi, hoi!" - Prosit
Brauhaus Schmitz is the Go-to place for Germans and lovers of german food and beers. I've been a regular since years; the food is pricey and OK not great but the atmosphere and beer selection is great. Happy hour 5-7 week days with 4$ beers and sausage rolls is a good deal. Also the soccer live on the screens for Bundesliga, Champions League and major international events like the next World Cup.
We were  looking forward to trying this restaurant, the beer was good. The pretzel and bread were also very good. 2 people in our party order the Schweinhaxe. There were both so salty they were inedible. When we pointed that out to our server , he ignored the issue and told us to fill out a comment card. SMH. I will never go back.
Last Sunday found us at Brauhaus Schmitz as we continued our fall German beer tour.  

All our group agreed the beer was very good, especially the Hofbrau Dunkel which was a smooth medium dark that went down very easily. 

Food was hit and miss.  We had a cheese plate that was rather nice - good breads and salty baby pickles with generous chunks of four different cheeses and little dishes of yummies, especially this hazelnut and honey mix. The pork and sauerkraut sandwich was not so great - it was made with a nice fresh onion roll but the sauerkraut and pork just sort of blended into one vague, unmemorable mushy wad on the bread. The fries were a bit greasy but delicious and the potato salad was decent, nice and sour. 

As far as service and atmosphere, it was all...ok.    The music was excessively loud when you add in the general noise level from the tv and the various tables of people in assorted stages of inebriation - one had to speak extra loudly in order to be heard by ones dining companions. The whole place just seemed a bit too dark and dim. Our server did her job more or less but never once cracked a smile and generally gave off an air like she'd rather be -anywhere- but serving at the restaurant.  

So of all the German beer places we've visited we felt this had very good beer and as far as the other dining out elements, mostly so so.
After reading multiple good and bad reviews of how great it was and others saying that it used to be good and now not so much....Decided to try this place out for myself. It came highly recommend by another Yelp user: Justin.

First thing, great beer selection... a plus!

We were quickly sat down and attended to.

1) Place was clean and welcoming.

2) Waitress was friendly and attentive. She somehow got my order mixed up so my food came much later after people at my table were almost done eating.

She apologized and gave us a round of beers gratis.... thanks!

3) Beers were seemingly correct in temperature and very refreshing. I was impressed with their selection.

4) Food was delicious. Ordered several dishes to share. They did have my favorite dish available. The way they cooked it was a little different than I used to but was delicious anyway.



Overall I will return here whenever I can. I highly recommend to you all their excellent German food and German Beer. Please give it a try. I highly recommend it to you all.
So, Bauhaus looked promising. Dozens of beer, not too crowded, nice ambiance. The wife and I sat down and ordered a few drafts and asked for food menus. 

20 minutes later the bartender returned and took the food menus without asking what we wanted. 

Of course by now we were getting hungry so we asked for the check headed down to tattoo mamas and ordered food within 5 minutes of our arrival. 

 Brauhaus could be great but I will never know.
If you're looking for Philly's most authentic German restaurant and beer hall, I'd recommend heading to South Street. There you'll find Brauhaus Schmitz, which is owned by Doug Hager. 

And at the helm of the kitchen? None other than acclaimed executive chef, Jeremy Nolan. Hager and Nolan also recently opened Whetstone Tavern, which features refined American dishes with a rustic twist. 

But back to Brauhaus Schmitz. It's got that prototypical German bierhall feel, with dark wood throughout. It's sleek though, with plenty of seating to enjoy dinner or watch a game. 

Bread Service

You meal will start with fresh, house-baked bread, which included a rye and a pumpernickel, along with a great sour cream and onion butter. 

Kasespatzle [$15]
Spirale spaetzle, caramelized onions, Emmenthaler cheese, crispy onions
 
I was excited for the German take on mac n cheese, especially because I love spaetzle. But frankly, my expectations may have been a bit too high, though I'll admit my lack of experience with the German iteration on one of my favorite comfort foods. In any case, while this had good bite from the spaetzle and the crispy onions had wonderful texture, there was a general lack of seasoning. Emmenthaler wasn't abundant either and thus, reminded me more of a buttered noodle dish. The saving grace? The caramelized onions helped to impart some savoriness. 

Chicken Wiener Art [$21]
Lemon, parsley salad

The GF went with the chicken schnitzel for her main. While there could have been a bit more seasoning (this is coming from a guy who typically doesn't need much salt), the pounded chicken was juicy and crisply fried. With each of the schnitzels and sausages came two sides. The GF went with the haussalat, which had that nice bit of tang you'd expect from a proper German potato salad. The kartoffelpuffer, or potato pancake, was great. Topped with sour cream, it was crispy and redolent with onion essence.

Wurst Platte [$17]
Bauernwurst, speckwurst 

I went with the smoked sausages and chose the bauernwurst and the speckwurst. The bauernwurst on the left was a mix of smoked pork and beef that was juicy with a wonderful garlic essence. The speckwurst was nicely smoked, with the bacon and black pepper coming through. Both sausages had great snap and came with sweet and spicy mustards. For my sides, I also had to get the potato pancake as well as the rotkohl, or sweet and sour braised cabbage. The perfect foil for all of the heft from the potatoes and sausage. 

Overall, Brauhaus Schmitz had high marks from me in terms of their house-made sausages and sides. While I didn't appreciate the kasespatzle as much as I would have liked, South Street's German Bierhall has got plenty to enjoy. Be on the lookout for all of their events, whether it's Oktoberfest or the South Street Festival! And if you're looking for some proper German sausage sandwiches, Hager and Chef Jeremy Nolan also has the spinoff sandwich shop, Wursthaus Schmitz, located in Reading Terminal Market.
What a terribly disappointing experience. My fiancé and I are in the entertainment/hospitality industry and have more than average respect and understanding for what a huge operational impact it must be operating under COVID restrictions, however our experience was beyond a margin of typical covid impact. 

Visited 9/12, dined outside and tables was filthy and sticky, thank god for my travel sized Lysol spray. After the hostess sat us we waited 30 min before a server even acknowledged us. 50 min went by before we could even put in a drink order.

We ordered apps and entrees. The entrees came to the table first, the food runner literally dropped them and ran. Still no apps. My fiancé got the sausage sampler platter, and contrary to any experience we've ever had at a German restaurant, the server did not explain what each sausage was, nor were there indicating flags. 

5 minutes later, an entirely different server came to the table with the apps and asked "if we still wanted them".... I wanted them before my entree, not all at once for the food to get cold. I asked to have the apps cancelled. General observation of the servers working was there was a noticeable lack of any urgency, general human decency/customer service. Slamming things in tables and running off... a manager budding a table and throwing full mugs of beer right in the street to splash on nearby diners.

I've had better German food at McDonalds when they did their international limited menu... and certainly better service. This place is just garbage.
I am so glad I finally tried this place!! It was recommended to me because of their long list of German beers. They have the largest German beer in the country according to them. Right now they have an outdoor walk up window they are calling a "zeitgeist" with a little seating area. 

The food is wonderful. It's potato heaven. We had the potato soup and the schupfnudeln (like giant gnocchi) in creamy brown butter spinach sauce with toasty root vegetable bits and it was so good!!!!! We also got the mandeltorte (almond tart). 
The beer was excellent- we had the Ayinger celebrator. It is based on a monk's recipe so of course it's good- dark and malty, with a bit of a coffee taste. I like the swing top cute growler and my husband can reuse to to brew beer. 

Definitely will be back. Hope they keep up the great vegetarian options!
Summary: Great beer, mediocre food

I tried this place last night because I have been looking for a good German place. The beer selection did not disappoint. We tried the Hefe, Winterboch, and another one of the Hefes on tap. All were excellent.

The chicken schnitzel fell flat and was very flavorless. The spatzle was the same way. 

EDIT: Added one star. Went back on 05/05/16 and had the pork flat iron steak with mushroom gravy over roasted potatoes. It was amazing. My husband got the Wurst palte and both sausages were really really good. I was a big fan of the fries too. I had a 0.5L of the Konig Heife and it was great.
great beer, sausage and atmosphere! They have TVs playing sports. Recently ordered the sausage sampler. it was a lot of food for 2 people. It was delicious. I recommend it so that you can try different sausages. Loved the one with cheese. So many beers to try. Also FYI, you can order shots in a shotski!
This is like walking into a bar in Germany.  Its the food your non-English speaking, off-the-boat, German grandmother makes, only with a better beer selection.  A really, really, really great beer selection.   I already wrote a 5 star review, so why bother writing another?   Well, it's one of the few restaurants in Philly that is consistently a favorite and I look forward to going back to, so, here's an update.

After 2+ years, I'm still discovering new things on the menu by trying something off of a friends plate (one downside here is the first thing you order here becomes a favorite and you never grow tired, so you pretty much order that every time you come in!).  I'm amazed that some people (i.e. my brothers girlfriend) will order a Belgian fruity beer when there are no less than 25+ better options on the menu at any given time to give you a beer experience that matches up with your taste buds.  Dark and bitter, light and hoppy, bright and spicy...you name it, there's something for everyone.  If (like me) you didn't take German in school, you'll butcher the pronounciation too, but the staff is so friendly they'll smile, nod there head and repeat it in the proper German for you to hear.  Just explain what you like to drink and they'll give you a detailed explanation of 2-3 options (and if on tap, a generous tasting).

Beer aside (Warsteiner is my favorite right now), you should be ordering as much variety as possible.  There are so many things on the menu, the only fair thing to do is come with 3 friends and each order 2 apps and a different entree each time you come!

Forgive my descriptions here as I have no German heritage, never spoke the language, and despite working for a German company, would leave the ordering up to a coworker or fellow traveler when in Europe...

The potato pancake is amazing!.  The applesauce is made fresh and you'll go back and forth on what's better, the chunky bits of seasoned apples or the cool sour cream.  I want to learn how to make this at home because as good as it is here, I can only imagine what it would taste like at breakfast with a fried egg laying on top..I see they have a Sunday brunch menu and can't waitt o come in and try the eggs with it.  You'll probably eat this with a fork, but it has a crisp enough crust you could really pick it up and eat it with your hands.

The spatzle is just a little carmalized on the outside, warm and almost goey on the inside and tastes like it was simmered in butter for hours.  I know this is really a side dish to most Germans, but this guy could make a meal out of it!

I consider myself a foodie but still don't really know the difference between bratwurst, knockwurts and sausage, so let me just say everyone loved whatever they ordered.  The people I've eaten with who know German food tend to order the darker colored and spicier options, while I prefer the lighter colored pieces.  The veal and pork one has been my favorite. but really I've never been disappointed in what the waiter ends up bringing me.  You order by the length and it comes out on a great wooden cutting board with mustard.

The pork roast with the gypsy sauce and peppers is something I didn't associate with German food.  Great flavor, tons of heat, and the peppers are softened just enough to leak out their flavor while still being fresh enough to keep their color.  Fingerling potatoes helped control the heat of the sauce.  Comes out in a great cast iron skillet...plan on splitting this or taking half of it home for tomorrow because it's a HUGE portion.

Brussel sprouts were crispy and fragrant with a nice char.  I'm not really a brussel sprouts fan, but I ate a few and didn't hate them (where I'd normally not even be able to get one down!).  The others raved about them.

The red cabbage dish isn't my favorite, but like Brussel sprouts, I'm just not a fan.  It was 100x's better than my experience of cabbage growing up, the leaves were has a little crispness to them where it didn't feel like the usual canned and soggy mess, and there was a complex bitter flavor profile that went perfect with the meats and beer...if you're a fan of cabbage you'll love it

The big pretzel is always warm and soft on the inside with just a faint crust on the outside.  There's a sweet and a hot mustard that come with it, experiment with mixing the two till you get the right amount of heat in the sweet one.  Nothing goes with a cold beer as well as a warm pretzel and spicy mustard!

The Schnitzel dish is like perfect Italian veal parm but without the tomatoes or cheese to mask the delicate and amazing taste of veal.  Seriously, before this dish, I didn't really know how unique and great of a taste veal is on it's own.  I love this dish, I've ordered it the most times .

The dumpling is like a huge billiards ball sized spatzle, but without all the surface area of the normal spatzle, it's missing the overwhelming rich buttery taste.  If the spatzle was too rich for you, this is the perfect d
Schmitz:
1. I went twice (so far).
2. This place is way better than Ludwig's used to be.
3. Every food was pretty much authentic, at fact I wouldn't complain about for example Obatzda or Goulasch in any restaurant in Germany (I grew up in Bavaria).
4. They always had all the beers we wanted to try except once where they just changed to a fresh keg, which is just the way it is.
5. Everybody is extremely nice and anxious to make everything right. They could loosen up a little bit, which will probably happen in a couple of weeks.
6. To all "experts" out there: a brauhaus is NOT a beerhall or an Oktoberfest beertent. There are plenty of microbreweries in Germany of the same size and setup as this place is.
7. I did not give a fifth star as they should add a roast to the menu. Right now it is just a special.
I was really looking forward to trying this place out.  Unfortunately, I came away disappointed.

My wife and I went on Sunday the 5th of July around 7:00 PM.  When we walked in the bar was full, we ordered two Warsteiner Pils and attempted to stand behind the seated customers at the bar, however there is not enough room to stand there and still allow the staff to pass by.  We decided to get a table.  The hostess sat us right away and the server followed on her heals.  He gave us menu's and walked away...only to return one minute later, asking if we were ready to order.  We said no and asked for a few minutes.  Another minute later he was back again, we quickly picked two apps.  Potato pancakes and the smoked fish plate.  They came out quickly enough.  The potato pancakes were very good except for the very center, which was not completely cooked.  The smoked fish plate came with rye bread that was an hour from being stale, smoked salmon, which was pretty good if not expertly sliced.  The other two fishes were a bit of a mystery to our server, he thought that it was cod but said that he was not sure (never a thought to go ask!) One was trout and the other was most likely sable or other similar white fish.  While there was plenty of Salmon the others fish was served in tiny little itty bitty pieces that were dried out almost past the point of being able to identify as fish.   They really should put some sort of "lube" on the plate, sour cream, creme fresh, something to help the dried out fish on dry bread go down!  Beer turned out to be the only substitute readily available. The applesauce (w/ potato pancakes) was great! as were the pickled onions (w/ the smoked fish).

As soon as the apps arrived our  waiter returned to take our entree orders.  My wife said that she still needed a minute and that I knew what I wanted.  The waiter turned to me and asked "well what do you want?"  I ordered the Wiener Schnitzel with braised red cabbage and Spatzle.  Feeling very rushed, my wife decided just to have a house salad.

The food arrived.  My pork cutlet (Men's size 6 1/2) featured very bland breading and the scars of a long hard life spent in the fryer.  I loved the braised red cabbage!  The spatzel was decent to pretty good.

My wife's salad was very good except for the fact that most of the Romaine and spring mix had brown edges, it must have been prepped in the morning.  Our waiter returned and seeing that my wife's beer was empty, offered another, she declined instead asking for a glass of water.  He left without inquiring about the mounting pile of brown edged lettuce being assembled on an as yet to be cleared B&B plate.  This would be his second longest departure of the meal.  Five or six minutes latter he re-appears and notices that my wife has no bev glass in front of her asks if she would like a glass of water?  He returned just as I was finishing my meal, my wife was already done.  He cleared her plate and stood there while I finished my last few bites of the red cabbage.  As I was chewing the last of my dinner my plate was whisked away, along with our request for the check, which he dropped promptly.  My wife gave it a quick scan and put a credit card in the check holder with the edge protruding and placed it on the edge of our table.  Just our luck that Speedy Gonzales decided that was the perfect moment to take a siesta.  We do not see him for close to 15 minutes.

I hope that the food issues are just teething pains but I'm not holding my breath.  There is no excuse for such a poorly trained staff member.  If you go and have a server with a name that rhymes with Knave, change tables!

We will wait a few weeks and give the place one more shot.  As I said I was really looking forward to this place.
One of my favorite places in Philadelphia. Going to an Irish bar or an Italian restaurant gets old, so its nice to have some new culture around here. My only complaint is that its not in my neighborhood (Fairmount). The staff is always friendly and willing to offer a suggestion for a new beer. The pretzels are amazing! Even if I am not hungry I have to order one, they are better then some of the pretzels I had in Berlin and Munich when I traveled there. The rest of the food is amazing as well, I try something new every time I go and I have not been disappointed.

One of our interns is from the Netherlands and his mother is originally from Germany. He loved Brauhaus Schmitz and even brought his family there when they came to visit who were very impressed!

Great job guys! Keep up the good work....
Two adults and one kid came here on a Sunday afternoon, after 20 minutes of a waitress not coming to our table I had to go up to the bar to tell the bar tender.  From from the time we walked in it took almost an hour to get a beer.   Food was very mediocre, reminded me of a school cafeteria in terms of quality and presentation. Also half of the food and beers were out of stock!    Food was pricey as well, bill came to $100.00 for 3 of us.  Unless tourists come here  it hasn't got a chance.
I'll tell you why you should go here: because the beer menu is truly encyclopedic. I doubt that you'd ever get a chance to try most of these beers listed unless you went to Belgium and Germany -- and even then you would need to know what you were doing. I'm talking about a very exhaustive 7-8 page beer menu -- you'll probably send the waiter away twice before you even have a clue what you want to order. My advice is to just ask for suggestions; anytime that I've seen that happen people are very happy with the beer that they got. 

The food is good, typical beer hall (cabbage, spätzle, sausages, pork). Not so heavy on the vegetarian options. I went with someone once and we were still talking about the side of Brussels sprouts for several days afterwards. It can get loud and crowded, so be prepared for that.
Every week day between 4pm and 7 pm - with a few exceptions - Brauhaus Schmitz has all their draft beers for $4.

That means you can get any of their world class crazy great beer and sometimes rare beers for $4.  I need to say that again, because you think you read that wrong:

ANY draft beer they have is $4 from 4 pm to 7 pm.  

Aventinus?  $4.  A BIG giant 17 ounce Aventinus is $4!!  A 12 oz BOTTLE of Aventinus at the Foodery is something like $12.  You can't buy this kind of beer and this amount of beer in Germany or anywhere else on EARTH for $4.

How about a giant 17 oz Spaten Optimator?  $4.

17 oz Paulaner Oktoberfest:  $4.

Ayinger?  They got 'em, and guess what, they're $4.

I don't work there, they're not payin' me, I'm just letting you know that the best god damned German beer on tap in the city is $4.

Also, the girls wear those push up bra things, so there's that... 

Here's the only thing bad about Brauhaus Schmitz:  The music.  UGH.  They constantly play that stupid oom pah music.  It's dopy.  Stop it.  No one wants to hear it.  It makes Brauhaus feel like you're at Disney's German Pavilion. 

I've been to Germany, no one plays that terrible music.  Quit it.
TLDR: Huge beer selection, authentic food, bustling ambience, slightly overpriced, but justified for a great German experience!

Spending a summer in Germany has (to the dismay of my friends) made me a big beer snob. The beer selection here is the best I've seen outside of Germany. In fact, even in Germany, I've never seen so many available in one place. Appropriately sold in 0.5 or 1 liter mugs, this visit more than satisfied my cravings for rich dark German beer. 

I personally prefer the any of the Dunkels (Hofbrau, etc.) for a deep malty flavor or the Warsteiner if you like flavor development. If you prefer a lighter beer, Franziskaner Hefeweizen (wheat beer) is lovely though not my cup of tea. For an intense Belgium beer experience, try the Delirium Tremens from the infamous Delirium in Brussels (or the ever-popular Duvel). Ask your server - they are so much more knowledgeable than me! 

The food here is adequately varied with an authentic selection, but I found it to be overpriced. Luckily drinking beer by the liter means your entree will be more than enough to fill you up. The würst ($16) were good (I especially recommend the Ungarischewurst - slightly spicy and very delicious). Of course you can't go wrong with käsespätzle (similar to a German version of mac & cheese, to put it crudely -- but so much better), but $15 for such a basic dish was a bit a of a stretch. The kartoffelknödel (potato dumpling) side was dreadfully tasteless -- not far off from eating a ball of yeast. 

The atmosphere was everything you could ever want in a German pub -- the air of a Bavarian beer hall minus some of the ruckus plus a pinch of refinement. Come here with any beer enthusiast, or just to enjoy some hearty German grub. You can't go wrong. On occasion, shelling out a little more for an authentic German experience is worth it.
This is a really fun place to eat. When things are open for indoors, they have a cool open room with lots of benches you can sit at, so its super engaging with everyone there. They have other seating outside of this as well, but very much a feel of a place you can go to get good food, be a little rowdy, watch some football, and drink great beer.

They have a ridiculous sausage plate for tasting. I got this with 6 different sausages, and it was such a cool experience to try so many different types (mainly beef and pork mixtures.) Their side offerings are pretty solid as well (potato pancakes bavarian pretzel are solid gets.)

For beer, they literally have a glossary - so much try, you'll definitely find something you like. 

Like I said, really fun atmosphere - super casual, great place to try and avoid the sunday scaries.
Lyndsay is a rock star waitress who really knew her beers. The apps were fun but we came for the World Cup and the extensive selection of German beers. Portugal did not win today but we had the 2 beer samplers before settling on a couple of different liters. We sat up front but there is a great beer hall feel in the back room. PS - And the restrooms are 5* too (TMI I know).
I would say this place is excellent for beer lovers, and terrible for vegetarians. The menu is very heavy on meats; there's nothing wrong with that but its not quite a good fit for me. I'm not vegetarian but I prefer fish or chicken or no meat, and there were few choices available. That being said, I had a smoked trout sandwich on rye, and it was fantastic. It came with a choice of salad, potato salad, or fries, and I chose the latter. They were unexpectedly  paired with a curry ketchup. The beer menu was extensive however I had trouble ordering anything other than my beloved Franziskaner - they had both the hefe-weissen and the dunkel on tap. There are a good number of bottles from around the world available in addition to the drafts. The decor was clean and welcoming and the air conditioning was blasting, a nice escape from the 90 degree heat outside.
I am a huge sausage fan and this place has the best sausages I've ever had. Crazy cool combinations like bacon sausage, paparika sausage, I could go on forever. Beers are well priced and come in huge quantities. The bigger the better, right?

Fun atmosphere too, makes you feel like you need a cigar and a brandy when you go in the back room.

Great for big groups and wanting to get tanked.
Wow! WOW! Despite how much South Street has changed from a San Francisco themed punk/arts freak-fest to a Camden/Newark boom box ghetto block, this place is worth any walk, any parking problems and any wait in line...because it is frikkin Germany in Philly! I've been all around Bavaria, including of course the HB Haus, and I'd almost (almost) rather be here! The food was AWE-some...best potatoes, best pretzels, best pickled veggies anywhere. ***Vegetarians take note that there are bits of smoked ham in the juniper sauerkraut*** but otherwise there are options for everyone. 2 more notes...the beer list is a beer BOOK...every German beer you've ever heard of and 50 more you haven't (seriously, Ayers and Auschers to Zinfelds and Zators!). Also, you can try not to stare at the girls, but they are trying to create a beer-hall atmosphere here, so there are buxom pushed-up bosoms bouncing everywhere...boyfriends, beware of your ogling eyes betraying you!
I'm mad at myself for not reviewing Brauhaus Schmitz sooner. But after a few more visits I can confidently say without hesitation that this may be my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.

Let me start by saying that I don't have much experience with German food. It's not like I score Yelp trying to find the next big name in German cooking. But my boyfriend had taken a trip to Germany a few years ago and I wanted to find a place that would give him a bit of nostalgia- I never expected I would love it so much!

It's a really stunning restaurant- designed as what I would imagine a modern German beer house would look like today- and serves a fabulous list of German beers (some are the only ones available in the country). Plus everyone on the staff seems like they're having a good time, and really enjoy working there. 

Besides the beer- which again is so beyond great that I can't even describe it- I'm crazy about the beer cheese soup and pretzel starters, and the potato pancakes are crispy but not greasy. Then there's the cold brussels sprouts salad, with the most simple but satisfying garlic dressing. 

When it comes to entrees you really can't beat the Schweinsaxe - a giant pork shank that's braised then served with a huge piece of fried pork crackling on the outside, with sauerkraut and potatoes. It is so juicy but so crispy, and unlike anything you'll find in the city. I also love the bratwurst served by the half meter. It comes with your choice of sides, and I tell people that the cucumber and red onion salad is absolutely addicting.  

I think is a  really special place. It's so innovative, and you can tell the chef and owner have poured so much love and history into it. I tell everyone to go, and then go again, and then go one more time. You have to experience Brauhaus Schmitz!
Good beer selection, but the food is less than satisfactory. I went with a real German and she said that this place was sub-par. 

Went with a huge party and all the fried cutlets tasted the same, the fried sauerkraut was extremely salty. None of the food was exceptionally good and are all mediocre.
I came here with a group of friends for celebrating birthdays. We had made a last minute reservation and when we arrived, our party of 8 were seated immediately. The server we had was very sweet and professional, and willing to explain everything to us clueless first-time diners. The ambiance was nice and the food was fantastic! Although it was a bit pricy for college students' budgets, I believe it was well with the trip and the check.
Let me start out by saying I'm a huge German beer fan, and I'm keen on German food as well. 

I came here for my birthday dinner. Making the reservation was easy, and we were seated within ten minutes of our reservation time. The one thing that was off-putting was that the hostess asked if we were going to be done on time, because they had overbooked. That annoyed me, and did not leave a good first impression with me. Honestly, that stuck with me for the entire meal. 

When we were seated, our waitress was extremely attentive, and very helpful. The beer selection was excellent, even though the What's Next section on the menu was a little bit annoying, especially since it had beers on it I wanted. Minor detail, but it's worth pointing out. 

The appetizers were fantastic. We got an order of fries, a cheese plate, and soft pretzels with mustard. All were excellent. For dinner, we got an assortment. I had the meter-brat (the look on the waitress' face was worth it), and everyone else got a variation of schnitzel. The meal was fantastic. 

Dessert was impeccable, and the after-dinner coffee was good as well. 

The only thing that is keeping this restaurant from getting four stars was what the hostess said to me. If it weren't for that, this place would be getting four stars. 

As a side note, if anyone from the restaurant is reading this, I have never had a hostess say that to me. I've lived in DC, New York City, and I've traveled all over the world. No one, in any place, has ever tried to tell me to stay to a time limit because they were over-booked.
I've visited Brauhaus several times over the last few months.  At first, I loved the place and would have given it four stars.  The beer selection was extensive and delicious, the portions were sizable and tasty, and the service was excellent.

Since then, however, the place has declined.  While the beer selection remains impressive, the meal portions seem to have decreased.  The potato pancake and other sides have shrunken in size.  They no longer serve bread during the meal--at least they didn't during my last two visits.  

Lastly, the service is inconsistent and entirely dependent on the server you are (un)lucky enough to get.  I've had two visits in a row where the server tossed the menus on the table and acted with a mixture of indifference and disdain.  No mustard, no bread.  During prior visits, I was fortunate enough to have servers who were affable, prompt, and attentive.

I may give this place another chance in the future, but for the near future, I will visit establishments that do not seem like they are on the decline like Brauhaus.  It's a shame, because I used to really like this place.
Truly one of the best establishments in the city.  Exceptionally good bartenders and waitresses.  The food and drink are a good reproduction of what we find it in Germany.
I was wary of this place because of the mixed reviews...  But since Ludwig's closed awhile back (which I was not even a huge fan of) the city has been lacking a German establishment, so it was a MUST try.  With all of the German heritage in Philly we need a place like this.

The place does give you a good first impression of a Bavarian brauhaus.  It's nice inside with dark woods and a second balcony level.  I'm not certain how people sat up there however, as it appeared there was very minimal headroom.  It was very crowded on a Friday with the waitresses in traditional dirndl dresses having to sort of shove through the narrow space between the bar to the left and the tables to the right.

The hostess told us it would be about an hour to get a table and it ended up being about 45 min.  The initial bar service was somewhat lousy.  We were standing behind the people seated at the bar for lack of stools and she didn't make eye contact with us for 20-25 minutes.

The beer list is good with a nice variety of German imports including some wheat beers, pilsners, dunkels, bocks, and festbiers.  Luckily there are also some American craft brew German styles such as Stoudt's Brauhaus Hausbrau.  (Which they may have brewed specifically for this place?)  However, the actual lists are a bit disorganized as they have one chalk board to the left of the bar and one to the right.  Some of the beers are written on both.  Some are only one one or the other which you can only check out if you walk from end to end...

I actually thought prices on beer was fair.  Half liters averaged $5.50-$6.50 and you can also get this in a full liter (ein Mass) mug.  Just double the price.  Keep in mind a half liter is 17+ ounces of beer.  The Stoudt's was only $4.50 0.5L/$9 a liter!  Not bad!  Drinking the liter mugs was awesome, adding to the ambiance and "German-ness" of the evening!  As the big sign above the bar says, "Bier macht heiter, drum Trinke weiter."  ("Beer makes you happy, therefore continue drinking."  I had to do some research because my German ist nicht so gut!)

Everyone enjoyed their food.  I did try the Rouladen and loved it.  The spätzle was good.  The potato salad was German style (vinegary) and good.  The plates/servings are huge!  (Luckily the tables are large to accommodate the big plates and big beers!)  I was starving and thus able to finish.  Two other people definitely needed the rest of their meal to be boxed.  Nothing was cold, though it was not piping hot...  This may be one area they need to work on.  But our service at the table was quite friendly and helpful.  And I'll mention again here that dirndls are fantastic.

Overall, we spent about $30 each for a huge meal and 2-3 beers.  Actually not too bad.  We had a great experience and plan to be back!
The food was eh. Honestly, nothing special. The service, however, was the worst part of all. It took 1 hour and 30 minutes for our food to come out and our waitress forgot 2 of our orders.. two of the servers lied to us and said that they were just getting our to go order. But.. they totally forgot to make it - and didn't even apologize, but instead took 25 minutes for our to go order... This is my first bad review, but this was extremely awful service. What made us most upset was the miscommunication of the whole staff. Our waitress was also on her phone half of the time in the back.. I hope they learn from their mistake. We won't be back.
Yeah, this place is alright. I LIKE the fact that they play german music that is somewhat modern. I don't like that typical old school oompa music- no germans under 65 listen to that crap anyway! 

So if youre american and you have never had any real german food before (meaning in Germany)- youre gonna think this place is great- as the Schnitzel is thin, crispy and tender. So that's important. The Spaetzle is good too. 

However I am German. Yes, raised with good german food everyday...So here is my PROBLEM:

To a good Jaegerschnitzel you need a kickass sauce/gravy- if you don't make/have the right sauce the whole dish is ruined.
 And that's exactly how my meal was- good schnitzel, good spaetzle but the mushroom gravy- a DISASTER! Don't put Jaegerschnitzel on the menu if you dont know how to make a good gravy...also the red cabbage was way too vinegary/ spicy! 

For the restaurant itself- the decoration/ setup seems to be appropriate...its not too cheesy.
The service- well they have american waitresses (as we are in the US, duh!) but they don't seem to know the dishes very well, so please teach them some german food lessons.........
We were just here today for lunch and with this experience I cannot say that we will be back.  Someone called yesterday to confirm our reservations and was completely rude and ran down a list of "rules" in regards to our reservations.  
As far as our actual meal experience today, it was a terrible disappointment.  The food was okay, I have had way better (with the exception of the sauerkraut balls which were amazing) but the service was atrocious.  Only half our table received water, waited at least 20 mins at a time for beers and had to flag our waitress down for everything.  Everything we ordered took an absurdly long time and they were not even that busy.  I felt that all the employees we dealt with had a "I don't give a fuck" attitude.  On top of which some emo looking asshole (that worked there) completely body checked my sister into our table and then gave her a dirty look.  Maybe this place is cute to the tourists but this place blows for anyone who has half a grain of taste.  Oh and our made to order Apple Strudel was cold, made to order my ass.
I would honestly give it 0 if possible. Right off the bat I dislike any place that charges automatic gratuity and this is a perfect example of why I hate it. We were a group of 5, 4 of our orders were wrong. 1 didn't even come out, and the other 3 had to be sent back. 2 of the orders came out about 5 minutes after their first attempt, and the last 2 came out about another 10 minutes after that. The hot apple cider was "warming" up the entire time we were there, over an hour by the way, and we finally just cancelled the order for that. Our server only showed up only a couple of times. I got 1 refill the entire time and had to wait forever for him to come out, and then had to flag him down when he was out, but he got tipped almost $30. That is totally unacceptable. If I can't choose my servers tip then their service had better be worth 18% ever time. Also, I did notice it, but the notice that they automatically add 18% gratuity is in very fine print at the bottom of the menu. Not only is it very easy to miss they have a spot on the receipt to add more tip. I've fallen for this trick once before and I don't like it. If you auto-add tip, don't put a spot on the menu for one.

Now, why didn't the food make up any of the stars? Well 2 of us got the Jagerschnitzel and the nice thick mushroom gravy on top was so watery that it had all the breading soggy in the first 2 minutes it was on the plate. And to be clear when I say watery I mean I couldn't even tell there was gravy, it looked like water on my plate. The meat inside was tough and dry. The Rouladen was even tougher and drier and barely edible, and the Sauerbraten was almost as bad. In the case of the last 2 they should be tender, juicy, and loaded with flavor. They weren't even close to the mark, and they were $23 each.

I wanted to like this place, and the friend who brought us here has been multiple times so I believe that they used to be good, but I can't share that experience. 4 out of 5 plates were bad, service was lacking, and we over paid for bad food and bad service. If you drop the 18% gratuity requirement I would consider eating here again, but with what you charged me for the dishes you put in front of me yesterday I'm not taking a risk getting overcharged for bad food and bad service.

Also, 1 final note to the management in case you see this. If your server comes out and sees that 5 guests are leaving with their plates half full of food and they don't want boxes to take back the remaining half of an order that cost $200 you should probably have them ask what's wrong.
For authentic German food with the proper beer, you're not going to get anything better without a plane ticket and a passport.

The food is all of the German staples.  The spatzle is out of this world, as are the pretzels.  I don't think I've eaten the same entree twice, so all I can say is they're all good.   The brats and sausages are made in house and their specialty, but don't let that stop you from trying everything else on the menu!   I keep going back to my favorite beers when I'm here, but I do see an extensive list and a wide variety of mugs on the ball to properly serve them all in.

The staff is extremely friendly and they go out of their way to interact with you.  I've been here 1-2x's a month since it opened and love that it's alot of the same staff here still.  The decor is warm and friendly, the crowd feels welcoming and casual; you don't get the feeling that you're walking in on a neighborhood bar and you're a tourist.  Once you walk past the front doors, you would have a hard time guessing you're on South Street, so don't let the address fool you either.

They often do events around the soccer games, and have the TV's on around the bar to watch, a great way to make new friends without the crazy scene that the football games bring at most sportsbars.

Family friendly, great value and service for group dinners, and the perfect place to take a date to impress with good food with an atmosphere that allows for conversation and drinking afterwards!
I have no idea why it took me so long to check this place out, but I finally did last night. 

The beer list is extensive and covers all things german. I got a giant haufbrau house style mug and it only came out to $11 - and it was ginormous - at least 3-4 beers in that glass and only $11 - I am a fan. 

The food is ok - options are limited unless you are in the mood for some form of tubed meat or potato. The pretzels they make however, might be the best I have ever had. The food however if extremely over priced. 

I will def be back here for beers soon - food not so much other than the pretzel.
My boyfriend and I visited Brauhaus Schmitz this past Friday. The place looked pack and we were prepared for a long wait. I was not leaving with out spatzel! Surprisingly, we were seated within minutes on the second floor, which is very cozy. For those of you who are tall, if you are seated on the second floor, be prepared for a low ceiling! We laughed at every tall guy as he ascended the stairs to see their reaction!  Its was very loud, between the crowd, the great music and the rowdy table near us. This is not place for a quite meal or if you want to talk to the person across from you. 

Our waitress Molly was very lovely and service was prompt. We knew the plates were going to be large, so we skipped the starters. Both of us went for the schnitzel, deciding on Jägerschnitzel and Zigeunerschnitzel. While the pork cutlet was moist, crispy and flavorful, we were extremely disappointed in the sauces. Both lacked any flavor, no less spice, and salt did not help. Next time, I will stick with the traditional lemon slices. On the bright side, the spatzel and braised cabbage were delicious! I could have eaten both all night. 
For the sides and beer prices alone I gave the fourth star!
Ever since Ludwig's Garten shuttered its doors at 13th & Sansom, I've longed for the semi-authentic German experience of gigantic beers, meters of sausage, and Wurstplatten (sausage platters with delicious sides like sauerkraut and potato salad) in Philadelphia. Thankfully, Brauhaus does a great job filling the Garten's shoes, and does so with a slightly hipper flair.  

Brauhaus is big, noisy, crowded, and has a commercial feel, almost with the vibe of a chain restaurant, but don't be deterred. The beer on draft is usually standard but good German varieties like Spaten, Frankziskaner, or Paulaner, and they're available in gigantic steins or beer boots if you're feeling extra thirsty. In addition to what's on tap, Brauhaus has a handsome bottle list, but simplistic in comparison to the beer bibles at Monk's or Euology. You might feel out of place with a bottle or even a regular pint glass. Opt for a liter of beer...you might need two hands to drink it.

The Brauhaus pretzel won the best pretzel in the city for 2010 according to Philadelphia Magazine, and it certainly comes close. As the magazine suggested, try it with the garlic butter as opposed to the spicy mustard. The butter melts right into the warm and perfectly crispy crust and makes for a more mouthwatering and unique experience.

The meter of bratwurst was delicious but didn't stand out, it had a hint of flavor that reminded me of breakfast sausage. I much preferred the Weisswurst (white sausage consisting of veal and pork) and the Bauernwurst (smoked beef and pork). Potato salad and sauerkraut are a must to really bring out the flavor in a good sausage, and both are delicious at Brauhaus. The Kartoffelpuffer (potato pancakes) melt in your mouth. 

I only occasionally have a "moment" with a dish; that experience you have when you put food in your mouth and every cell in your body reacts with a sensation of warmth and bliss and any conversation you were in the midst of must immdeiately cease while you focus every ounce of attention on the flavor and experience. Usually this is dessert territory, but every now and then something savory triggers a moment, too. I had a moment with the Jaegerschnitzel. Like Wienerschitzel, but pork instead of veal, and covered in Hunter sauce (a sauce made of mushrooms, bacon, onions). The sauce, combined with the tenderness of the pork, and the perfect crispiness of the breading, will knock your socks off. 

So raise your stein, sway, splash, and sing:

Nach Hause, nach Hause,
Nach Hause gehn wir nicht,
Bis daß der Tag anbricht,
Der helle Tag anbricht! 
Nach Hause gehn wir nicht!

...because once you start drinking liters of beer at Brauhaus Schmitz, you won't be going home till the break of dawn.
My friends seem impressed by how much German Oom-pah music I know. By "impressed," I probably mean, "weirded out." Should I bore everyone to tears again with some childhood stories? We're not German, but Pops enjoyed many Oktoberfests in Germany in the 70's. He had such a penchant for the memory that he'd often blast music of the German bierhall in the car...windows open. Odd quirk. 

 Did I mention that I grew up in the Bronx during the 80's and 90's? Not too many Oom-pah-mobiles rollin through town, as you might imagine. Hey, now who wants to hear the tale explaining why I know so many Slim Whitman songs? It's basically the same kinda story featuring me slumping down to hide in the back seat of the Colt Vista. These are seemingly unrelated music topics except for this common thread: yodelling and uncomfortable feelings.

So, I bet that all my fellow diners really enjoy me pointing out repeatedly, "Hey I know this song..." as we share a German feast. And we have feasted there plenty of times. 

One particular evening, we all dug and demolished our fischplatte. In fact I do believe that some of us left that night obsessed with that platter of smoked fish (it depends, but usually salmon, bluefish, trout), pickled red onions, sour cream, and rye bread. 

 Brauhaus' pounded-thin pork schnitzels have also been enjoyed round here. Though covered in sauce, they maintain their crispy coating, somewhat miraculously. The Jagerschnitzel has a smokey bacon spiked mushroom sauce; it's rich and red-winey too. The Zigeunerschnitzel, also known as "Gypsy Schnitzel," is awash in a paprika-red sauce with onions and peppers. I can't decide which one I like better. Should the occasion arise that another in our party orders one and I've ordered the other I tend to question my choice, kick myself and subsequently become envious. Nice husbands sometimes will agree to split em both, relieving choice-making anxieties. Sometimes a wurst platter will come between us though. 

Well if there's one thing that you can count on in this world it's that I am a fan of a German beer...or all beer...but also German, in this case. There are great beers to choose from at Brauhaus Schmitz, of course. Many Spaten Optimators have been a-drank by the two of us here. Many Kostritzer Schwarzbiers too. Also Franziskaners. You get it... 

We've sampled plenty...especially last Summer during World Cup times. Oh that was so much fun...liters of beer and warm Bavarian pretzels and pommes with curry ketchup, and football/soccer. This is a fun place to watch those matches, even when it was packed and crazy. Usually though we avoid the packed and crazy times...South Street weekends can be a zoo just anyway and Brauhaus can become very crowded and more untz untz untz dancey than oom-pah. We definitely favor weeknight visits. 

My husband is part German and he likes to remind me that he needs some German foods. "Needs," he says. He gets the wurst hankerings. Huuurrrhurrrff. This takes us to the most current leg of our Brauhaus Schmitz journey: the late night menu. The late night menu reps wurst sandwiches with sauerkraut. He particularly digs the bauernwurst. The late night menu also has some decent burgers, small plates...and again I'll bring up the pommes with curry ketchup...and also that pretzel. I am a fan.

 Most recently I enjoyed some with my Kapuziner Weissbier. It was lovely. It's probably one of one very few times that I can remark that, " I only had two beers," and as you should have already guessed I can only say that because each glass was a liter. 

Liters of beer and pretzels and pommes with curry ketchup. These are my favorites from this here brau haus. Sometimes we need a midnight snack and I can tell you, it might not be sensible but dass sure ist goot.
We went out to dinner here with my SIL and BIL, this place was jamming around 9:30pm on a Friday night! The restaurant was surprisingly roomy compared to the other eateries along south street. There are two bars, one in the front of the dining room and then a back bar, there are cozy arm chairs and chess tables, where you can enjoy a pint.  The space was warm and cozy,  it resembled some of the beer gardens in Germany minus the communal tables!
The boys were very impressed with the bartender's knowledge of beers and almost didn't return to the table when were got seated!  Evidently, they got a bit schnokered before dinner at the back bar.
The menu was meats galor!! We started off with the homemade pretzel, I was going to pass on this, after all I've has my fair share of Philly pretzels, but this was not to be missed! Very light and fluffy with two types of mustard! We had the charcuterie plate with was nice. We noticed the table next to us, had a HUGE entrees, so I knew we were not going to leave starving!
I had the schnitzel and Wurste combo- Bauernwurst and Speckwurst (house made) with the kartoffelknodel and rosenkohl. The sausages were bursting with flavors and I was afraid it was going to be too much meat! I really enjoyed the potato cake with the sour cream. My BIL had a great pork belly special, it was sooo good and the portion was very generous. My SIL had the salmon which she enjoyed , I can't remember what my husband had, but he commented over and over how great all the food was and he's really connecting with his German heritage!
It was a great time, although noise level were a couple of decibels too high for my liking,(and my infant son's for that matter) but the atmosphere was fun and great way to spend a Friday night!
Hadn't been here in years. It was nice to visit again for nostalgia. We didn't have a reservation but were promptly seated and everyone was friendly. The food was very meh this time. Mussels were on the cold side and the broth didn't have as much flavor as most places I got mussels. My friend said the schnitzel was kind of tough. 
Beer was good. Maybe I'll just stick to that next time.
When you want to release your inner German, Brauhaus Schmitz is the place to go. The variety and selection of German brews is significant- but the food is intensely, Germanicly, delicious. We got the sausage platter with sauerkraut and red cabbage- wow. A veritable sausage celebration which we augmented with the pickled sausage appetizer. Don't be tempted by the massive Octoberfest size beer steins. Better to order smaller sizes and fly around the draft list to mix and match beers with your food. 

Multiple visits, multiple good results. Comfort food yah? My only regret? Missed the fausnught donuts they only make once a year. Shades of my grandmother....
Be either white skinned or have a reservation ahead. Well I don't think the reservation would make a difference if you want to be treated with respect. We were a group of 4. Didn't make a reservation. The girl at the front desk was the rudest person I met in a long time. I tried to talk with a smile all through our conversation on requesting a table and she had an attitude that makes you feel you just don't get to be in a restaurant like this. I felt like I had to apologize for my skin. May be it's just me. She is not a racist but just a rude person over all. But the ratings doesn't make me feel that way. Anyways we got seated at a table next to the door even though I spotted atleast 10 empty table and I specifically asked her to give me any table other than that. We get one menu to share between the 4. If you keep the menu aside she takes it without even Checking if it's fine. Did I mention about the attitude. I tried hard to have a good time but I just couldn't. Sorry about my skin and sorry I didn't know about the reservation before stoping by. I will try to never enter in again! Thank you.
For a surprise bday party, we selected Brauhaus and it did not disappoint.

I was very impressed with the list of international beers and their own homebrewed beers. They even have a beer with 14% ABV-crazy. I went with the Brauhaus lager, which was pretty good.

I really liked their food selection and went with the 2 bratwurst dish. The one with the cheese was delicious. The appetizer were also pretty good. Now if I could only speak German, as I kept butchering the pronunciations of the food.

The service was pretty good for our table, especially as we had a part of 6.  They made certain that we had enough beer and got our food to us in a prompt amount of time.

Price wise its ok....be ready to spend about 20-30/person....but I felt that the price justified the food and beer.
How in the bloody hell did England not win a single Cup match????

I was excited to learn that Brauhaus Schmitz was televising ALL of the World Cup matches. Having missed England's first match due to work, I was determined to take an afternoon, and watch England beat up on Uruguay. I dragged Lady Mary along, promising that we would be able to bellow 'Rule Britannia, Britannia Rules the Waves', as mighty England devastated it's third world competitor. 

Fortunately, Brauhaus did better than Britannia, with a wonderful selection of tap draughts, which one could order in half or full litres! That, as my father said, 'will get you where you're goin'.'  Their food is also good, for Germans. Everything which we sampled was fresh, and cooked to order. You'll pardon my lack of description, but I'm not even going to attempt some of the spellings for what I would refer to simply as, bangers. Delicious they were, however difficult to spell. The girl tending bar was attentive, and pleasant...we liked her. 

I will definitely not be waiting four years for a return to Brauhaus, on the contrary. Cheers.
A German beer snob's dream come true!

The husband and I were in Philly for a long weekend.  I, being a beer lover, googled the best places for craft beer in Philadelphia.  When I saw Brauhaus Schmitz on the list, I knew I had to try it.  It was FREEZING the day that we were on South Street so the warmth drew us in.  The beers kept us there.

Astoundingly big selection of German beers.  It was somewhat hard to choose, but the waiter was very knowledgeable and helped us with our decisions.  The service was great and the atmosphere was so much fun.  The waiter made sure our beers were never empty and frequently checked on us.

My only regret is that I ate right before stopping in.  Had I realized what an awesome German menu they had, I would have saved my appetite for some eats here.  Highly recommended for those who love beer and all things German!
Brought me back to Oktoberfest!  Ok not quite, but I was happy to drink authentic German beer out of a hefty liter and chime "Prost!"  The beer here also did me in... I went from tipsy to hammered in 1.5 liters.

Brauhaus has over 20 draft beers to choose from, categorized on the menu by type (wheats, lagers) with handy descriptions.  It also lists alcohol content so you have an idea of how sloshed you'll get. Our server was also helpful in helping us choose.  The dunkel-weisse was especially tasty.  

We also tried a couple of the $3 apps - the Bavarian preztel and cheese spread on rye.  Both made tasty late night snacks.

While Brauhaus puts on a German theme, it could benefit from being a little more charming and old-timey.  Everything is beautiful and new... which takes away from the authenticity.  I felt like I was in the German version of the Fieldhouse.  Then again, a place this untrashy is welcome on South Street.

I definitely enjoyed the experience and LOVE the beer, so I'm sure I'll be back.  Prost!

FYI - the yellowish brown stuff in the containers on the table is not "barf" as my friend thought, but in fact delicious mustard.
Great food, drinks and service! I called very last minute for a table of 6 and they had seating available on a Friday night, apparently they have a whole back area for dining in addition to the bar area as soon as you walk in. The waiter was very nice and let us sample some of the beers since our group was very indecisive. Based on our preferences we got exactly what we wanted and even ordered the boot (aka massive boot with beer) it was pretty awesome! 

Since it was our first time eating german food we ordered a few appetizers and entrees. The entree portions were massive! The appetizers were delicious, especially the german pizza. The pretzel was surprisingly nice too (i am not a big fan or pretzels.) One item we didn't really like were the pigtails, they were a little weird! For the main course lot of the entrees come with two sides and. I would recommend the bratwurst!

The atmosphere is great and its a nice place for big groups!
Great beer. Great food. Happy workers. The only problem is it's located on south street. But that's more of a personal opinion and shouldn't take away from the restaurant/bar. Exclusive beers are excellent. Would definitely come back again. And would with out a doubt recommend to friends.
This place had very good food and the atmosphere is awesome. Got in here to grab a bite of food but had to try a few things. Their Wiener schnitzel was pretty good. Large portion with a salad and French fries. It was over all good taste, a little thick but overall delicious. The speckwurst was phenomenal like absolutely amazing. The spatzel was a little dry and probably needed some gravy. Service was very good, will deff be back again soon.
Great beer garden-like venue and ambiance but indoors.  They have checkers tables and ample seating in the back room along with some very unique beer offerings and very very good food.  We tried the wurst brettd and it was an overflowing wooden board of wurst samplings as well as 2 large sides.  They definitely do not skimp on portions.  The Bauerwurst with beef and pork, accented with garlic and pepper was my favorite but the standard pork and pepper biter pork were delish, as well.  The spaetzle and Brussels sprouts were also amazing, and we loved the Jager fries, which are essentially the German version of poutine.  Definitely a must-try in South Philly!  We will be back for the pork shank and schnitzel!
I love everything about this place.  The food is excellent and has my favorite schnitzel.  It's perfectly cooked.  The spatzle is so good too.  The staff have always been friendly and the service is top notch. As you would expect, the German beer selection is the best around.  

I've been here at least ten times and every time is five star or more...  However, one story sticks out more than any other to me.  We once had to meet her in the early afternoon for my brother-in-law's birthday.  My wife and I were coming back form Ocean City, Maryland and I was trying to get to Philly in time.  We made it to Philly in record time, but about forty-five minutes before the place opened.  We didn't know it wasn't open yet and the door easily opened.  Once we made it inside, the bartender very kindly told us they weren't open yet and wouldn't be open for awhile.  He told us that is was so hot outside, which it was, that we could wait inside.  He allowed us to use the restroom and then told us we could grab some beers, but the kitchen wasn't open yet.  We were so appreciative of this and we did order some beers with a nice tip.  Eventually, they opened and our large party arrived.  The rest of the service was perfect too, but I was very appreciative of this one trip in particular.
One of the best German restaurants I have ever been too! The food is absolutely delicious! The decor and atmosphere are great. They have a huge selection of great beer. The Schweinshaxe is my favorite. I highly recommend this place!
Whyyyyyyyy did you change from fresh cut fries to frozen-from-a-bag?!
Terrible. 
We were so looking forward to the tried and true platter of brats and fries- meat was cold, fries were cheap. 
A year ago, we five starred repeatedly. 
Go back!
EPIC FAIL in every sense of EPIC FAILEDNESS could ever mean.

Let's count the ways:

* mismarked menu (why not fix it if not with a pen?)
* slow service (1.5 hours for food)
* wrong order
* expensive
* unapologetic management

Just a really terrible experience on a whole new level of terrible experiences.  Like if the Gallery Kmart decided to serve food bad.  Like if Septa decided to serve food bad.  Like if Comcast decided to serve food bad. It was that bad!
The bartender was super helpful the two times we saw him. That's about the only good thing I can say. One of the female servers/bartenders took 10 mins to give us a menu, and then another 10 mins for a food menu. She never came back. When we were trying to cash out, my husband got the attention of the first person he could in 15 mins and asked for his tab. The server said, "I have no idea what your tab is, but I guess I'll try and figure it out." My guess is that our table is assigned a server, so it wouldn't be hard to figure out. Also, some middle aged man could barely walk and was slamming into tables, so they do do a great job at over service!
My boyfriend and I came in on a Friday night at around 10 and the place was pretty much empty. Not that we minded. It's a nice change of pace from a NYC bar, where empty seats/tables are a luxury. I was actually able to breathe here. We only came for drinks and decided on the two samplers. Each comes with four 3-oz. beer samples that they pick. I can't remember which beers they were, but none of them were outstanding to me. In fact, most tasted a bit skunky. So I'm thinking that these "beer samplers" are really just the kegs of unpopular beer that they couldn't get rid of, and then they'll throw in one popular beer just for good measure.

Makes me wonder where all these great reviews come from? Maybe it's from the food...
Alright, Yelp, I'm going to be honest with you:  The first time I went to Brauhaus Schmitz about two years ago, I was beyond disappointed and vowed to never go back.  A lot of the beers were not available and the food was mediocre.  I really didn't want to go back, like, ever, which made me sad because I really wanted to like it.

But, here we are two years later and I'm giving you four stars.  You've won me over and you might see me again on Thursday.  Yes, I said it - I'm coming back for more!

The restaurant is absolutely enormous since the recent rennovations/expansion, so it was easy to get a seat when we walked in on a Thursday night.  The menu is overwhelming in a good way, so you should be able to find what you're looking for (if what you're looking for is German food).  Flipping to the back of the menu is the impressive beer listing.  My boyfriend and I ordered two beers that we couldn't pronounce, and they were delicious and came out in huge mugs.  I mean, what more could you want?  Oh you want a plate of meat?  No problem!  We ordered the butcher's plate for two which can only be described as meat heaven.  The order came out on a large cutting board and included sauerkraut, a smoked pork chop, pork shank (amazing), some different types of "wursts," and potato pancakes.  For the $32 price tag, this was a TON of food for the two of us, which, of course, we finished completely.  Sadly, there was no room for dessert :(

One other comment I have to include is how amazing the servers are here.  I forget the name of the gentleman we had, but he was really good.  He knew his beer, he knew his German food, and, more importantly, he could pronounce everything on the menu without issue.  My only gripe is that  if I had to hear how authentically German he was one more time, I probably would have said something.

So, Brauhaus Schmitz, you've made a believer out of me.  I'll see you soon :)
Have stopped by here once or twice a year for quite a few years and the consistency and experience is still the same.  Perfect. The ambiance is just right, German beer hall feel, Bundesliga playing on TV's above the bar, long tables and proper glassware for each Brewery/Beer Style. The back room is spacious, a little loud, but very homey.  

Their German beer menu is unmatched.  They have breweries on tap that I am told are exclusive to them in this area and their bottle list is extensive.  The variety of German beer styles compliments the menu so well.  For example Aecht Schlenkerla makes the best smoke beers in the world, (you can find them on tap and in bottles here) pair so well with the 9 different wurst offerings.  

The house made Laugenbrezel (Pretzel) is a must starter, my wife orders Kartoffelpuffer aka potato pancakes every time we come and she loves them.  On this trip I went with the Wurstplatte which comes with two sausages from their list of 9!  I chose the Weibwurst (mild pork&veal) and the Feuerwurst (very spicy pork) with a double serving of potato salad.  The sausages are big portion wise and very fresh.  Feuerwurst was very spicy, but not enough to take away the pork flavor and had a nice snap when you broke through the casing.  Weibwurst may not look appealing because of its white appearance, but it was mild, juicy and tender.  Potato salad, served cold was delicious.  

I finished my evening with a bottle of Weihenstephaner Korbinian, a full bodied doppelbock with nice fruity flavors of figs and plums and left a happy man.  
Love this place!
I have probably been here 50 times since I wrote the original review (my first on Yelp).  

Let me tell you why Brauhaus Schmitz is awesome:

Tons of rotating taps

Order by the liter - anything worth doing is worth overdoing

Great wursts (Bauernwurst is my favorite), pretzels and mustards

Ocbtoberfest quarantines a section of South St. for tons of eating and drinking fun (Sep 29 this year - MARK THE DATE)

Redesigned with a new section - check out the bar, one solid piece of tree!

The watiers and waitresses are always friendly and willing to give you help if you're just not sure what to eat or drink

Great events, soccer, drink specials, happy hour is a great deal (4$ sausage sandwich and $4 half liters)

Why would you NOT like this place?
A place where you can get wurst by the meter and beer by the liter. I think that is all that needs to be said.

Get a half liter of beer, a Pretzel and some roll mops and watch the Union game at the bar or stay for a whole crispy fried pork shank with kraut and a potato dumping. 

This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.
Sausages, sausages, sausages. 

Made in house and made delicious. 

Pair them with pretzels and smile. 

The restaurant is surprisingly spacious with a dining area in the front and then a larger beer hall in the back that has a projection screen.
I'll be honest and say I was kind of dreading going here. German food is not my thing but I was brought along with my boyfriend's family. I have to say.... it was really good. I loved the beer selection and how they were arranged. I love going to an establishment where they assume you don't know what kind of beer you're ordering. The beer menu was arranged by types and many of them had descriptions of the flavors. I tried three new (to me) beers and loved all of them!

I am not into German food and I hate hate HATE sauerkraut. I ended up ordering the pork rahmschnitzel with potato pancakes and fries. (Don't judge me!) It. was. amazing. The fries were sweet and salty, the curry ketchup was tasty,  potato pancakes melted in my mouth, and the schnitzel was pretty good too. My boyfriend said, "Try this sauerkraut. It doesn't taste like what you'd think." I tried it and I am a fan. I'll definitely order it next time.

Against my better judgement we all ordered dessert. I wish I would have started with dessert so I could have eaten it all. I had the best bread pudding I have ever had anywhere! It was really sweet and had just the right flavor. We'll definitely be back to drink a million more beers and I'll have a big ol plate of sauerkraut. :D
