The food was extraordinary- the service was beyond unacceptable. AGAIN, the food was extraordinary-the service was poor. 

We are foodies and will travel for a great meal. On this particular Sunday, we traveled nearly an hour to dine at this establishment in Chestnut Hill. We waited a little over 30 minutes for a table, no big deal given the nice local shops in Chestnut Hill. We visited a few before getting our call regarding the table being ready. 

Upon being seated, it took over 15 minutes before we could place a beverage/coffee order. Another 30 minutes before we received a refill- while waiting for our meal...which took ONE hour. Really-an hour, probably a little longer if I consider when we were seated. Our total time at our table- nearly two hours...for casual breakfast. Given this is a small -casual place, turning tables quickly (with quality service and food) should be a top priority. 

The servers appear to lack proper server skills, although pleasant. Our server forgot to put our order in...(she admitted after we were waiting over 45 minutes). She didn't return to provide coffee refills (we had to ask the host twice to send someone). I would recommend that an investment be made in managing the front of the house as customers were pouring in and happily waited for a table. Unfortunately once seated, we witnessed customers get up and leave or openly discuss their disappointment with the service. It was really simply unacceptable. 

Again great food- service is yet to be desired. I hope that the service piece can be sorted out as this place is a gem.
Pointers - and you decide for yourself:

Water doesnt run freely from the taps of Chestnut Hill - have to ask for it. When I did, only my friend got water - I didn't. Coffee - had to ask three times for a refill, they kept passing me by with the damn filled coffee jug. Food took around 40 minutes so we decide to pay for the beverages and leave. Then they say its ready. Then, my friend gets his food, I wait - again - for mine. Home fries - stay away. Very very dry, unsalted, no seasoning, zero taste. Also, cold. My banana french toast was bread "almost" dipped in batter, kinda not dipped, maybe semi-in-a rush-dipped. Kinda=not. I ate bread with cinnamon warmed up in some very corn syrupy syrup.

Staff seems untrained. Ive never seen in all my years in the industry the waitress put down the tray full of beverages on the customers table then take out the phone from the back pocket of her jeans and answer it, and talk on the phone, while the four of them just starred at her in bewilderment. As were we, from the other table. Since the entire dining room was just starring at each other, no one had food in front of them. Just a bunch of people looking at the kitschy wallpaper, and each other, quietly, hungry, waiting, on a beautiful Sunday early morning.
I know that I shouldn't Yelp while angry.  I should just walk away and digest this experience before commenting on it.  But I can't cause I'm ticked off. (To put it nicely)
Let's just say that, the length of time spent waiting for one's food should have some correlation to the awesomeness of its ultimate flavor.  And there ain't no food that can live up to a 90 minute wait (from signing in to plates to table). I mean, it's gotta be such awesome delicacy that you'll forget all about the inconvenience.  But I can't.  The food was mediocre and the waiting insupportable. 
And to think we brushed off previous comments about too long a wait.  We shouldn't have, but we've learned from our mistake.  
My wife wants to add details: 
The problem here was not just the long wait. The problem is that people who were seated the same time we were got their food, ate, paid, and left before our food arrived. The problem is that when we asked about the food we were lied to and told that the hold up was the dish my son ordered - the exact dish ordered by the gentleman seated when we were. The problem is that when we became visibly agitated we were offered a free price of cake - before our food arrived. Because what one wants before breakfast is s big piece of cake. The problem is that at no point did anyone take responsibility or apologize. The problem is that rather than trying this right everyone has stopped speaking to us - everything has been brought and taken away wordlessly. In short, the problem is the worst service I have ever encountered. 
Finally, my son said: for the wait to be worth it, the food should have been better and fed to me while I laid in bed watching YouTube.
This is my second time coming to the restaurant. First visit (Ogontz location) I had the chicken and waffles, and the chicken was extremely undercooked (bloody) and I was not compensated for my meal. Instead, the waiter took the piece of chicken that I bit into and fried it. Needless to say the service wasn't so great. 

Although I was hesitant I figured I gave them another try at the Chestnut Hill location. I got the pancake platter with grits and my friend got the chicken and waffles. AGAIN, chicken was undercooked and under seasoned. My food also lacked seasoning which is surprising since it is a black owned restaurant. When we told the manager, he handled it poorly. Again, no compensation towards the bill. The service here was also a little off. The servers were friendly but definitely not consistent and very forgetful.
As someone who cares deeply about supporting Black businesses I will no longer be supporting Breakfast Boutique. The business operations - answering phones, accuracy in orders, ability to work with Uber eats or doordash delivery service all means you may NEVER receive your food.

MULTIPLE TIMES - I have ordered using doordash or Uber eats and the food wasn't accurate or EVER DELIVERED.

They can't keep up with the orders and don't know how to run the business. The food is not amazing enough to wait three hours for a delivery. 

No longer accepting this poor service.
I wanted to love this. A black-owned breakfast place. We need more of both (black-owned and breakfast) around here. The service was fine, seems like they've worked out some of the kinks from earlier reviews. We are used to breakfast places having a wait on a Sunday morning. The hostess was courteous and competent. The place is clean and fresh-looking. But no one in our family of three loved their meal. We waited a long time and it was "meh." Both my daughter and I got something on our plates that seemed suspiciously like store-bought-fake-cream-cheese-icing. You know, Betty Crocker. The home fries were salty and dry. We want natural, homemade breakfast. Also, my husband's meal and my side dish came out at least five minutes after the first two entrees. We will keep schlepping to Sabrina's and Honey's and Morning Glory. So disappointed.
Sadly, this was an extremely poor experience. I take into consideration that they are new and were slammed on Memorial day but knowing that this is their second location I expect most of those kinks to be worked.
When we arrived we were told 20 - 30 minutes. We waited for 45 monutes before they seated us and another 25 at our table before anyone acknowledged we were sitting there. The manager (owner?) was chatting with one table of customers and the hostess sat up front on her phone when she wasn't answering the business phone. No one was refilling coffee or water.  Finally, the waitress took our order, we received our drinks and continued to wait another 45 minutes for our food. We ordered eggs with hash, pancakes and traditional eggs, bacon and hash-browns. The pancakes and eggs with hash came first. Two fluffy pancakes topped with a strawberry and "Iknowthatwasnt" butter, served with maple flavored high fructose corn syrup. The eggs and hash were over hashed and under seasoned. Then the bacon and eggs appeared with typical cubed potatoes, nicely browned with little to no seasoning. The bacon was tasteless. The egg-white of the over easy eggs were clear and even cool on the inside. But no one returned to ask us how our meal was until we were finished. I mentioned the eggs and the waitress said "that's over easy". She did offer to have them cook me new ones but by that time we were DONE. I did eat a bit of the under cooked egg and was sick for about 24 hours. Sadly, we were really excited about a breakfast in our neighborhood but this won't be it.
What an incredible disappointment. I really wanted to love this place but was horrified by the food and the service. First: the food. We had an array of orders at our table and they were all terrible. The breakfast sandwich on a croissant was inedible. The croissant was literally so stale it was rancid. The eggs were rubbery and over cooked. The bacon was all dried out. The eggs Benedict were undercooked and the English muffin so stale you couldn't cut through it.  The "cheese" on all orders was orange and clearly pre-shredded from a bag- zero flavor. The sweet sampler we got was smothered in a sickening pink sauce meant to resemble strawberries - not fresh - and the pancakes and French toast were totally dried out. I literally feel sick after eating the small bit that I did. Second: the service. SLOW. The only saving grace was our sweet and kind waiter who apologized profusely for the food and very quickly removed two of the items off our bill. What a shame- so much potential. I have no idea what these other reviews are about but as a total foodie, please trust me, ignore the hype... and don't waste your money... or time.
Parking: Street. Metered 

Atmosphere: relaxed. We had to wait about 20minutes. This location is very small.  We stood out in the vestibule because people where almost shoulder to shoulder. 

Service: The host was pleasant. Aiyana was our server and she wasn't the best. She wasn't organized and was all over the place. We had to ask for place setting and items several times. She never came back to check on us or to refill our drinks. 

Food: I ordered the stuffed french toast with strawberries. It was too sweet for me. I think it was the cream cheese filling. I had the turkey sausage which was two very thin patties and they  were overcooked so they were hard. My Sister got the waffles and they weren't good. She ordered the fried fish and that was pretty good. Sorry I didn't take a pic. We are it so fast! We enjoyed that and left the rest of our food. It was like we hadn't ate. We saw other people meals and they looked good. 

We weren't satisfied with our choices but we will come back for another try.
The very first time I went here it was a wait, which is to be expected but we were seated fairly quickly. Now the second time, a complete disaster. Hostess had an attitude and a mouse was spotted running across the floor. Wait for our order was an hour tops. Second and last time.
Four of us ordered make your own omelets ~ yes, they warn you it takes time because all the food is made to order, and yes, it took a lot of time - not sure why though.  3 of us ordered "with onions"  which were not even cooked ~ cold onions; 2 of us asked for well done hash browns = they were not.  When the omelets arrived, they were dry and rather cool-warm, certainly not hot and moist. We all ordered multi-grain toast ~ it arrived about 10 minutes after our omelets and it was cold and a bad version of some kind of wheat toast - not even multigrain. Just a really horrible experience ~ we certainly will not go back
I was really looking forward to trying this place and was truly disappointed once we got there. The service was horrible and I could have made better food at home. The words of my husband. They shredded cheddar cheese and American were the only options whereas even the local diners have feta cheese. I know I am being picky but the devil is in the details, options and creativity.  

The shrimp and grits were greasy, and the scramble eggs were overcooked. Very disappointing
I ordered scrambled eggs, bacon and quinoa potato hash (significantly more potato than quinoa). I tasted the hash first. It was cold and was crunchy due to the ice crystals. I sent the food back and a warm plate returned in which my bacon was smaller and more bacon fat was on my plate than before. Microwaved? I've dined in, as well as had take-out from the Ogontz location and have had food delivered from the Broad Street location and have always been extremely satisfied with the food. This meal completely missed the mark. Additionally, I obviously was not as attentive to reading the menu because the hash added $2.50 to my overall meal purchase of $8.50. Clearly not worth the price.
We came here with high hopes since we have had great experiences at ever other resturant in chestnut hill.....spoiler: we were let down! It took an hour maybe longer for our food to come and we had to wait for a waiter to take our order for 25-30mins?! Never a "sorry food will be out soon" or "sorry for the wait" came our way, it was plain rude and we were starving with our 2 year old growing grumpier by every passing minute. When our food came we enjoyed the food it was nothing crazy delicious but also not disappointing. The big problems came when we asked for the check, our food was surprisingly expensive and we found out it was because they charged us the wrong amount for our two-year-olds meal. We ordered off the kids menu for him to have ham and eggs that were supposed to come with pancakes but we totally forgot didnt come because we are ourselves were just starving and not thinking by the time the food came. We asked them why the price was not the one on the kids menu and they said that we didn't make it clear enough that we wanted a kids meal. This whole thing really confused us because our two-year-old was supposed to get pancakes eggs and ham but instead only got eggs and ham yet they were trying to charge us more insisting that it was not the meal on the kids menu because THEY forgot to give us pancakes?!? After arguing like a customer should never do they told us they would change the price and that their receipt machine wasn't working so they would email us the receipt. Well I just checked my email and guess what.....THEY DIDNT CHANGE THE PRICE!! These people are liars and rude ones at that 20 out of 10 would not recommend coming here! Save your self the hunger pains and stress lines!
Wish I could actually review this place, but we walked in at 3:45, and we were advised that they were only doing take out as they were scheduled to close at 5PM. The hostess asked if we wanted a take out menu, we declined. We won't be back.
A fantastic addition to Chestnut Hill! We wanted to try even though some reviews were somewhat concerning. It seems since those reviews were written, management made some significant changes.

First, the food is tasty and portions are large. In our party we had some basic eggs and bacon, home fries, etc. Then also a salmon cake, hominy grits, and jerk chicken and waffles.

All were delicious. If any suggestion, a little lighter on the salt in the jerk seasoning. Other than that, we were very pleased with all the flavors.

Regarding service, we got in, got coffee quick, placed an order, and had a short wait until our food arrived. The place was packed, people waiting inside, and even out on the sidewalk. If you want a quick breakfast sandwich, maybe head elsewhere. If you have a couple minutes to wait for great food - you'll appreciate this place.
I really enjoy the food and great service I always receive at the Breakfast Boutique however one thing continues to bother me. There are always flowers on each table. Unfortunately the last several times that I have been in the flowers have been terribly wilted and in disgusting water.  Please, if it's too costly to replace the flowers simply eliminate them.
Been there 4 times. Eaten only twice.  Food was very good but service was slow. Also pricing was a bit off kilter. Certain potatoes were more but not clear on menu   The other two times I was there  once on a Sunday at 12 w grandson and told a 45 minute wait. Unbelievable for only 3 other people waiting.  Today went in and was told 10 minutes. Was third in line but after other two couples were seated the hostess game out table to people who came in after us. Btw. There were two tables in back that were empty the whole time.  Never ever again wil I waste my time.
Had an amazing Saturday morning breakfast! First time visiting Philly and was so happy I found this place after searching through several yelp suggestions! First I love that it is black owned!!! Second the serve and the food was amazing. The place is located in a beautiful area so although we had to wait 20 minutes the time flew by, and they gave us a call once table was ready. Started with OJ, very fresh! Ordered the home fries with peppers and onions, fried chicken and waffles, and the sampler plate which included red velvet pancake, stuffed French toast, and a cinnamon swirl pancake!! Definitely worth a try, all was amazing! The serve was great, had three lovely women all checking on us throughout our dining. Would definitely recommend and go back again!
Service is terrible, breakfast was delivered cold, items ordered were never served even after 1 reminder to the wait staff. Food was undesirable.
Went to the newest BB location on Germantown Ave near the Fire Station. First, I love supporting black owned businesses but today I was totally disappointed in the food. The service was good. The ambience was lovely. The place was very clean. The food arriving to the table is very slow so be prepared to wait. I ordered the red velvet waffle and chicken wings. First, the red velvet waffles were more pink then red then it arrived to the table with all this sweet sauce abs cherries. They do wayyyyyyy too much. Keep it simple. And the chicken wings were under done. Pulled the first 2 wings apart and they had a little blood in them. The BB overdo their food and really need to simplify their breakfast. This will not deter me from coming again. Will definitely visit again in a couple of months.
Went there during a busy time and the service was awful and they were completely unorganized.  The servers and hostess were having to buss tables since there was no busser.  They were cleaning tables off with a dirty rag. The hostess barely acknowledged us when we walked in.  After we were seated they were not very attentive to us.  We asked for iced tea.  They automatically gave me sweetened tea.  My dad also asked for an iced tea and they gave him one without ice.  They forgot a couple items that we had asked for and tried to bill us for it.  It took about 20-30 minutes just for us to get our drinks.  Then they never gave us straws.  When we asked for utensils (which, again, we had to ASK for) the person was kinda rude and it STILL took a while for them to deliver.  My mom's food was cold after waiting an hour.  Just overall, not such a great experience.  Would definitely not go back.  The food was OK.  That's about it... been in the food industry a while so it's hard not to be such a critic.
One of the few restaurants that I get excited about going to. Staff is amazing and so is the food. My goto dish is the fried whiting with grits and cornbread.
I was finally able to stop in and visit the new attraction on the hill. 
The food was great. The three of us all had pancakes and they were great. I included a picture of mine, the cinnamon pancakes w/ buttercream and vanilla sauce. Amazing! I am a bacon snob and they nailed it (also in the pic). 

I enjoyed the atmosphere and felt that, while small it did not feel as though we were on top of the other tables. 

The only reason I did not give Breakfast Boutique five stars whas (like over reviews) the service was slow.  Our waitress was nice but not nearly as available for questions (or to remind them that my friend did not get her side of fruit) as we would have like, given that it was a late Tuesday morning and it was not crazy busy.  The person who took our drink orders seemed out of his element and we all wondered if we would even get the right drinks. We did!  

I am a local and will definitely be back.  I am looking forward to trying other things on the menu, because if today was any indication the other dishes will be great!
The cinnamon swirl pancakes with sweet buttercream (tasted like cream cheese frosting), caramel sauce, and vanilla were fabulous!!! I could eat that everyday! I wish I had a picture. On the other hand, I would not recommend the french toast. It was way too thick, made from French bread, not light and fluffy like French toast should be. I went on a Monday morning, so I did not have to wait at all, which made the whole experience even better. I would highly recommend this restaurant.
I had one hell of an experience at this location today compared to the extraordinary experience at the location on Ogontz Ave. First I called to place a take out order, the person who answered the phone told me to hold on meanwhile in the background i have hear the employees holding a conversation cursing up a storm, then I was hung up on. It took three tries to get through, when someone did finally answer i told them i was hung up on trying to place a order and she just asked me what I wanted instead of apologizing for the incident. I get there to pick up my order and two walked past me without asking why i was standing there. When they returned from whatever they were doing the finally acknowledged me. While i was waiting for them to bring my food i watched the girl prepare the utensils for the tables with her bare hands, no gloves or anything.  Lastly i asked for a piece of cake which i felt bad to do because they have the cakes displayed over a table where people were already seated. Finally got home to eat and the chicken i had was too salty.
I'm giving 5 stars because the food honestly is amazing every single time I order.  The fish is always fresh and seasoned perfectly, their sweet tea takes me back to North Carolina times, and their customer service is awesome.  They are a small restaurant, so at times patience may be needed when it comes to waiting for your food.  But with the wait comes fresh cooked food served with a smile.  The atmosphere inside is lovely as well.  Great lighting and decor, and a homey feeling. There's always music playing, and great people to be around. Definitely a great spot to stop in for a good soul food breakfast.
Great food. There was no host. Lots of customers waiting at the door for 10-15 mins. A customer decided to take matters into her own hands and write a list of who is next.  No manager on site. I will say the servers do try their  best. Would give another try but as take out.
It's really disappointing when you try to support Black owned businesses thats a 30 min drive  from home and they fall short repeatedly. Yesterday I visited the Chestnut Hill location and I did not receive all the food I ordered and paid for. Although, I was giving a credit from the manager Jose for the missing items it was useless. I ordered Today from their Mt. Airy location
 (CH was closed). I didn't mention my credit to this location because when I asked for Jose he was unavailable. The Food-Let me start with the fact that I will NEVER eat eggs again as there were shells in our eggs! No cornbread, No cheese grits!! I was told I could get credit but at this point I never want to deal with this restaurant again! It's Unbelievable that BOTH locations failed to get my food right! Yesterday, I was told it was because of the time @ 2PM so I was sure to get there early today @ 10 AM! Fish, cheese grits, cheese eggs and chicken and waffles is not Difficult to make! I get It every weekend at an establishment that's Not 35 mins from my house! It's Not Black Owned but I'm over supporting Black establishments just because ! That's $100 down the drain.. Both days my food was $45 plus and I was disappointed Both days!
Today we went to this restaurant for breakfast and after an entire hour waiting for our food, we asked what happened to our breakfast. The server said she would check and let us know. A few minutes later she came back and said they ran out of eggs and waiting for the truck to deliver more.  Seriously, they kept us waiting an entire hour!!!!!  They should have told us they ran out of eggs before they even seated us.  The last time we ate here we waited for our breakfast about 45 minutes.  Eggs do not take that long to cook.
Also, when we went there today the music was entirely too loud and it sounded like they were playing Gospel music.  For someone like myself who is an atheist, that was really insulting. No one should be held hostage listening to religious music - shame on them!!!!  Do not waste your time eating here.
Very rude and unprofessional wait staff.  You can tell that there is no formal training for the waiters/waitresses.Memo to the owner  hiring your family and friends with no formal training to work in your  " customer service "business is a recipe for disaster.  This past Friday visited with my wife and daughter. Middle age black male server dictated to us the menu choices and kept interrupting us when giving our selections. Also he told me " I must have not been paying attention" when I questioned an upcharge on a menu item. I then went to seek out the manager and he confronted me as well disputing everything I said. I have been to this establishment numerous times to get takeout and my order over the phone is never correct when I get there. Don't let the the remodeling and atmosphere fool you. If your willing to sacrifice good food for poor customer service then your right at home.  I left and went to Ihop afterwards where they "get it" with regards to personal touch and people skills. I have given this place more than enough opportunities to change my opinion but I will never return here again. #Itrytosupportblackbusinesses but this one let me down
There was a hair in our food (no big deal, it happens). Waitress was super apologetic and handled it well. I was willing to just pick it off but she insisted as she should to replace it. Turned out the hair was practically weaved into the topping so it certainly did not just fall off at the table. It must have come from the kitchen. Manager was the total opposite of the waitress. He came out and said is it possible that the hair is yours?
A - this shouldn't be asked
B - no it's not bc it wasn't just sitting on top

Manager actually RETURNED TO THE TABLE with a PIECE OF HAIR to show to us that it maybe could have been ours because it was a similar color.

Waitress was great. Food was good. Manager is rude and has no people skills. Won't be returning
Had the opportunity to eat here on October 11th... seated immediately...service was great (Gustavo) 
The food was just OK... I sent my eggs back due to no cheese that I ordered..2.50 for cheese smh... the pancakes to me were terrible..awful.. heavy..it appears as though they use oil & not butter & they were sprinkled with powdered sugar (no-no) another family ordered waffles & sent them back...
The fish & grits were tasty... I will not go back but I do wish them continued success...
Great breakfast spot on Germantown Avenue in Chestnut Hill. I went there with a friend of mine for Sunday brunch. There was about a 30 min wait but once we were seated the waiter came over to us to take our order. I got the salmon cakes with grits and it was very tasty. My friend ordered the fish and grits fish and she really enjoyed it.

I would definitely go back, great service and the food is very good.
Never had a bad meal year, and I'm especially grateful that they consider the needs of us celiac peeps. The buckwheat pancakes and waffle are especially tasty.
Never go to this restaurant.  First and last visit today.  Extremely poor and very rude service.  Had to ask 3 x for coffee that was ordered when we sat.  Waited 45 minutes for food expecting since everything was made fresh it was worth the wait.  Food served cold and had obviously been sitting before it ever got to us.  Honestly it's not hard to make an omelette.  Had to flag down our waitress to tell her the food was cold - she acted shocked and said ok one minute I have to do something.  Then sent a very uninterested person over to apologize who said he'd have our food remade quickly.  Waited another 15 minutes  and asked another waiter for the check for our coffee - he sent our original rude waiter over (who still hadn't removed the bad food from our table yet) over and she said I'm going to go check on your food.  We told her again - no thank you we need to leave it had been over an hour since we sat and still only had coffee.  She went downstairs got our food and put it in a Togo container. (REALLY).  I didn't want the disgusting cold eggs you served the first time why would I want a cold omelette in a to go container.  Told her again to please bring us a check for the coffee so we could pay.  She walked away and started helping other customers and would not come near us.  Finally told another waiter or said no need to pay for the coffee.  Absolutely terrible service - never been treated so rudely and the food that was served to me was cold and disgusting.  If you want to run a boutique restaurant then you need to invest in wait staff with manners.  Oh and think about serving the food hotnifnyour gonna make people wait forever there should be a good reason!  I'll stick to the Fairlane!
Waiter Gus was awesome, good food, great vibe and decor...will return for sure...I love the look, quaint, clean and nice music
A close friend and I went to the Breakfast Boutique in Chestnut Hill. We were pleasantly surprised at the nice decor. We were seated right away and I was so surprised to have the waitress that I had on Ogontz Avenue's Breakfast Boutique  :)
Kim is the perfect waitress, friendly,  knowledgeable (about what's good on the menu), patient and attentive. 
I decided on the fish (Whiting) and cheese grits with a order of pancakes and coffee.
I was real hungry, don't judge me!
My friend got Jerk Chicken and Waffles with a side of cheese grits.
Our grits were just warm and when we told our waitress she didn't hesitate to get us a fresh hot replacement. 
Our dining experience was great. Will definitely go back. Only complaint which is not on the restaurant, parking is not the best. It's in a busy shopping area with parking meters, so take some quarters. There is a parking lot around the corner so if you park there be prepared pay and walk.
Cute little breakfast place. If you don't get there early, you'll end up waiting (a while).  But we got there about a half hour after opening and there were plenty of open tables.  The staff was super friendly and attentive.  It was really nice being at a family run place where everyone shared the work load (whoever was walking by at any given time would help you with whatever you needed). 
Food was Excellent.  We got the eggs Florentine and the boutique skillet.  Both were delicious.  Overall just a nice environment and I love supporting locally/family owned and run businesses.
Heard good things about Breakfast Boutique and decided to check it out. I gave them a call shortly after they opened last Sunday and asked for a reservation. I'd heard wait times averaged around an hour. They gave me a table for 2 at 10. Arrived early and was seated by 10:05. The place was packed. Lots of people from other neighborhoods flocked to Chestnut Hill. 
Love the decor and the service. Best shrimp and grits I ever ate. The many options on the menu insures I'll be back to try them.
Arrogant and misleading. We (2 people) arrived at 11 am on a Sunday morning for breakfast. We were placed on a wait list and told it would be 1/2 hour and we'd be called on our cell phone. We left our phone number, walked to shops and returned 35 minutes later to check because we had not been called. We were told there was one party of 2 before us and then we'd be called. We also noticed SEVERAL parties listed AFTER us  had already been seated. We said OK and went outside to wait (there is little room inside and it was crowded). Another 20 minutes went by with no call (now 55 minutes total). We decided to walk to another place on the Hill for brunch and were seated right away. I checked my phone a couple times during during our meal because we wanted to let them know our thoughts when they called. 2 hours pass. They never called. Guess they think they can afford to treat potential customers like crap, but that won't go far in Chestnut Hill with all the other choices.
This little place is very pretty inside, and the staff were friendly. The food was not special even though the menu looked interesting. I got a waffle which had no decorations and just cut-up pieces of banana on it. No butter was served with the waffle. My friend got an interesting mound of eggs and some ham which looked skimpy in the middle of an otherwise empty plate. My iced tea was served without sugar or sweetener. When I asked for some, I was handed two Equals (no container of choices), and my friend had to make a separate request for sugar. He received a container with a spoon in it. He asked for cream and was handed three small separately wrapped cream containers. 

At a breakfast restaurant where you pay 2 or 3 dollars for drinks, the restaurant shouldn't be so cheap as to hand out individual servings. Lots of us use more than three of those tiny cream containers.

My other major complaint was the background music. A few selections were fine (solos, soft etc) but music that involve large groups of singers or drummers and bands  disrupts the dining experience and makes it hard to hear conversations. This was extremely distracting.

I won't be going back.
They serve breakfast all day with lunch options in the afternoon.  The staff is really friendly.  There is not very much space so best to get there early before it fills up.
So nice to have a great (and yet reasonable) breakfast place in Chestnut Hill! Great gluten-free options (buckwheat pancakes and waffles) and exceptional eggs and bacon. My husband said his scrambled were cooked perfectly, as was the bacon. Loved my buckwheat pancakes (do wish they could put fruit in them) and turkey sausage! Our waiter (Gus) was Awesome, both pleasant and attentive. Be forewarned - there probably will be a wait. Always is when a place is good!
Absolutely the perfect breakfast place..
Food is delicious, reasonable prices and cute atmosphere..
Just dined there for the first time this week.  Overall - GREAT menu options and it was really difficult to pick just one (good thing there was a group of us and we could sample each other's plates!).  Welcoming atmosphere, and even for a weekday morning, it was crowded!  The only hiccup would be to make sure you have time to sit and relax when dining here - it did take a little bit of time between ordering the food and it coming out to the table!  Overall though, our group enjoyed our yummy breakfasts and the overall vibe!  We plan on going back!
First off I'm a trained chef went to this hyped up breakfast spot strictly out of curiosity. After an extremely long wait to be seated as usual, your told 15minutes that could easily turn into an hour and that's just the appetizer. My girlfriend and I are finally  seated, and I notice the waitress is giving my girlfriend plenty of eye contact as we place our order and giving me very little to none  like I was  a freakin ghost very unprofessional and I'm thinking" what's up with that" this is the first course. Right now already not feeling this place. Anyway, I ordered the jerk wings with the waffles. HORRIBLE ass salty caked on jerk like paste they use for the wings the waffles were good but those wings could've found more of a home in the trash. That was the icing on the cake for me. Had to even ask for more napkins from the waitress as she proceeded to look as she was rationing them out. They give you one silly paper napkin and I guess that supposed to hold you. At the end of our luxurious meal I told the waitress the wings are way too salty, she looked disappointed as if she personally made them. She asked if I wanted something else "right know I'm really disgusted " I said no just bring the check. My girlfriend said she would take them and maybe scrape some of the brine off they should be okay.What ever.... The waitress still looking like she was very disappointed. Oh well.... I see why Gordon Ramsey stays so angry at some of these restaurants. Because they really don't know what they are doing.If people are so hyped about this place I want to know what they are ordering please post. Maybe the cook didn't feel like cooking today. Or I should've ordered water and lemon as the main course.
Great food! Love the atmosphere, a bit small but it fits the "boutique" theme. The host, waiter and waitresses are all nice and pleasant. Service was a bit slow but understandably so, they were very busy. Black owned , will be back soon.
Had a delicious experience. My Shrimp and Grits were good with eggs. As savory as in Atlanta,  Georgia. Plenty of food. Our waitress was quite nice and accommodating. Called in for a reservation and we were able to be seated with less than a 5 minute wait because I could not stand long. Appreciated the accomindations.
Went to the Breakfast Boutique yesterday and I was a bit leery because of a few negative reviews. My experience, however was outstanding. On a Saturday afternoon, there was a bit of a wait (about 25 minutes) but this was expected-Saturday afternoon is prime brunch time. When my party of 2 was seated, our drink orders were taken promptly. We both had the bottomless coffee which was refilled (and asked to be refilled) more times than I could count. The food was cooked to order and delicious! So good that we sat and ordered more food! The staff were courteous and a we tipped our server 50% of our bill because we had such a lovely time. I think the owners have been reading reviews. Kudos to them for responding. I can't wait to return
Great menu with a great variety of breakfast favorites. Their pancakes were light and fluffy. Service was friendly and prompt. Nice atmosphere!
After a short wait on a busy Saturday we were seated at 8:30 AM.  All the waitstaff were friendly and seemed to care about our experience. The concierge was helpful in recommending where these two out of towners could find a newspaper. 

While we waited for the waitress, another patron started watching a boxing match  without muting his phone.  My companion asked him to please stop. 

Our waitress showed after a minor delay. She was some some time later to say our order was in and should be up soon. It seemed that she was showing too much concern with what was a wait but not out of line yet. Meanwhile our interactions during numerous coffee refills were very positive.

Then I started watching the clock because I was only in town to attend a funeral and the wait was extending beyond the time I needed to clean up and pack prior to check out. At 9:20 another waitress stopped (not the 1st one who did not have the courage to show after her many assurances) to say, "OK, so somehow your order was lost and..." I stopped this patter with a "No" and an explanation of the circumstance. I then stated, "I assume the coffee is free", was assured it was, and walked out with my companion.

The menu looked terrific but we never got to taste the food. We were left wondering if somehow we were tagged as rude out of towners who had the temerity to ask a regular to please conform to appropriate device protocol in a public venue.
We dined at Breakfast Boutique for the first time recently and I have to say, it was an extremely disappointing experience! There were no less than five things we requested only to be told they were out of them. And these were not special requests, these were items offered on their menu. No avocado toast, no wheat bread, no cornbread, no scallions and the list goes on! The order was incorrect when received, but being hungry, I agreed to keep it. A side order of sausage was browned on one side only and found to be inedible. 
Although our server was pleasant, she made no attempt to make up for the restaurant's shortcomings. 
I will not return to Breakfast Boutique nor will I recommend it to anyone!
We decided to try the new Breakfast Boutique in Chestnut Hill yesterday. Food was wonderful and staff was attentive and lovely. Don't miss the quinoa hash - delish!!!! A perfectly enjoyable breakfast experience!
I want better for this business which is why I must leave this poor review.  I haven't had this experience at the broad street location, but the location in chestnut hill needs serious improvement to its operations.  The phone is never answered for takeout and the deliveries are either incorrect or never delivered.  It's unfortunate because the food is mid so for the service to be even worse makes it difficult to continue giving them my time and money.  Please start doing better.
Just called to order take out and from the initial call you could tell this is a professional business.....
We were so excited to try this place after all the good reviews, we tried to eat here twice but after not being served after 15min we left... AGAIN!!!!  Fool me twice shame on me
Give it another chance.

I don't know if it's because it's a somewhat new restaurant or maybe they were going through staff changes?? Maybe these one star reviews are from  the boutiques early days??

But I can say EVERY time I've been here the food was amazing!! The first time the service sub par but has been decent every time since. 

Sometimes they are packed but I've never waited extremely long.  

My only complaint currently is the flies which I'm telling myself are one of those unavoidable things in food service because I love the food so much 

And occasionally they get swamped because the food is so good. 
 
The staff is always so attentive otherwise so I really believe they have good customer service and really check on every customer but sometimes get slammed. 

Literally the only thing I didn't like about my most recent visit were swatting ya flies and waiting a little long for one of my water refills. 

Great improvements over their early days. 

GIVE IT ANOTHER CHANCE even if you've been twice already.
First time at this location and they did not disappoint. Definitely a step up from the Ogontz location. They are a little on the small size, quite cozy great for small dining groups. The tables are set up for party's of 2 or 4. Would most likely not appeal to large groups and Probably not somewhere to bring the kiddos. The decor is warm and inviting with light music playing in the background. 

The food is very tasty you can never go wrong with the red velvet waffles. The chicken and waffles are also a great go to item. The staff is very friendly and attentive, you are greeted quickly upon arrival. Takeout orders are processed quickly and correctly. During my visit they were nearly full yet the still managed to take my order and get me on my way in under 30 minutes. While I waited for my takeout order no less than 3 staff members walked to the front of the restaurant to greet me and inquire if I needed seating.  

I will definitely be back with friends
Good food, but a long wait for it, and we were the first ones there! It was almost comical.  They would bring coffee, but forget cream; they would bring food, but forget salt and pepper; they would bring food, but no water.  We had to ask for everything, and wait a long time for each thing.  The food itself was good, but it was chaotic in the place.
The Breakfast Boutique in Chestnut Hill routinely offers good food and good experiences but the same cannot be said if their new place in Mount Airy. Tried it today and the experience was horrendous; the wait staff was disorganized, disinterested, and inept at best. Not a good experience at all, I definitely will not be going back and will gladly share the same advice with others.
My sister friend and I was there this morning.  This is my third time at the
Chestnut Hill location. Male folks I don't 
know there positions too much conversation with folks who are dinning
that has nothing to do with the meal.
We were seated at a table for two near
The wall where the door is used for
Bringing food upstairs and downstairs 
Every time someone went downstairs 
My chair was knocked. Toast was
Brought to the table Burt we had to
ask them to take it back. I had to pay $1:00
a slice for toast because I had whole 
Grain bread. Salmon cooked to hard
Big chunks  of onion and green pepper in
Side.  We asked for separate checks
The server put numbers in red on checks
And told us who's was who instead of handing us our check.
Not consistent don't know which way
It's going to be.  Spoke with the merchant 
At Robertson's florist who has not dinned
There yet said she was told that they
Are not consistent.  I hope they improve 
I would like to see them be successful 
In Chestnut Hill.
Oh my goodness the food here is delicious. The service also exceptional. If you like shrimp and grits or chicken and waffles you will love it here. Visiting from out of town and plan to come back before we leave to sample other items on the menu.
I went early on the spur of the moment so I don't know what happens when they are booked. However, my meal was delicious and the service was friendly. We needed a place with flavor in Chestnut Hill.
We've been here a few times and very consistently half the food on our table is great and the other half is terrible. Oh, and their wallpaper is upside down.
Wanted to switch up our brunch option today so came into Breakfast Boutique for the first time. Two of us waited about 15 minutes for a table around 1pm on a Saturday. The place was jam-packed! Tons of great menu options and an entire vegan section for those who have dietary restrictions. We shared the jerk chicken and waffles as well as the sampler platter which consisted of 1 cinnamon swirl pancake, 1 red velvet pancake, and 1 slice of stuffed French toast. The food was BOMB, seriously so good. We loved everything! The only downside was that service was sllloooww, so don't expect to be in and out quickly. However, the staff were all very friendly, so if you have time to chill definitely check out Breakfast Boutique. Reasonable prices and great food!
Wanted to support this black owned establishment so after having a poor experience the first visit I decided to give it another try. During the first visit (a weekday so not extremely busy) I waited so long to be waited on even after others came in after me that I had to get the attention of the waitress. When she finally came over she was completely oblivious. When the food came out and was different than she described it to be she said "oh the kitchen decided not to prepare it that way. I don't know why." The food was just ok. She forgot one of the items that it said the dish came with and when I asked her about it she said oh it doesn't come with that even though it says it on the menu then she comes back and said oh it does. Then she brought out two pieces of toast--one burnt with butter and one burnt without butter. Then omelet was greasy but not horrible. 

Tried it a second time today and it was even worse of an experience. The food again was just ok for the price and I didn't get something that I ordered. When the bill came I told them that they needed to take it off because I never received it. The waitress said ok she brought back the check it was correct so gave her the card but when it was swiped it was for the original incorrect amount. I told her it was wrong then a man came over to us and asked "what do you want me to do?" I was so annoyed at this point that I just said forget it we just won't leave a tip. Either way terrible service and overall management of this boutique. Very sketchy that they would swipe the incorrect amount and then have that type of tone and response of "what do you want me to do?" Not sure about the other locations but this one isn't a good reflection of what I thought the experience would be. Won't be back to this one or risk trying the others. Can get better breakfast food at a chain restaurant like corner bakery or probably even ihop.
Ok - after you get past the looonnng wait time - you will be so happy you decided to wait! The servers are super friendly, the coffee refills are free, and the food is to die for! It took a little while for the food to come out, but oh man it looked and smelled amazing the moment it hit the table. 

We ordered jerk chicken wings - full of seasoning, heat and so much flavor. The shrimp and grits come with cheese and oh man, it melts in your mouth! Lots of butter in the grits but it just kicks the silkiness and smoothness up a notch. For the grand finale we shared stuffed French toast with a sweet cream cheese filling and strawberry compote. Believe me - I would order this whole meal over again and not be tired of it!

Breakfast is served all day and lunch is served at 11. Parking is limited in this area but the location is wonderful. There are so many cute shops and stores you will have plenty of things to do while you wait. Dont let the parking or wait time intimidate you - def try it out! You will be back for more!
I was really looking forward to trying this place and was truly disappointed once we got there. The service was horrible and I could have made better food at home. The words of my husband. They shredded cheddar cheese and American were the only options whereas even the local diners have feta cheese. I know I am being picky but the devil is in the details, options and creativity.  

The shrimp and grits were greasy, and the scramble eggs were overcooked. Very disappointing
Food was good the service was terrible....
Waited 45 mins to be seated and that was just the beginning of our wait. After placing our orders we waiting 40 mins for the server to bring out the wrong food. We came to find out the order was put in completely wrong by the new waitress. Things happen and my friend and I were understanding. They told us our correct food will be out shortly. Well shortly turned into another 40 min wait and  they brought our food out piece by piece. My friend did not get his home fries until well after he and I both finished our meals. At thIs point we asked for check and had to wait another 25mins for it to be brought to us. Just be told that the owners felt a 25% discount was sufficient. After spending a total of almost 3 hours at this place. Waiting to be seated is to be expected however, spending another 2 hours in this place due to terrible service is unfathomable. After all of that waiting the food was good but it was not worth the wait or my busIness.
OMG this is an incredible breakfast spot. Blueberry pancakes, eggs and sausage, as well as the best Chicken and Waffles ever!  Waiter Brian as well as everyone there was so energized and helpful!  Put this on your list people!!!
Great spinach salad with blue cheese and chicken. Good service and price. Very happy to stumble upon this place for lunch. Highly recommend.
45 minutes later, third fill of coffee, no one coming over to the table to discuss why eggs Benedict is taking over a half hour. Only two tables have food in front of them. I wish this worked better.l
Best breakfast spot around!!!! The food was amazing. Our waitress was very nice. I will definitely be coming back!!!
Although the space is small, I was pleasantly surprised with the excellent service and even more delighted with my food. I had fried fish and cheese grits. Cooked to perfection. The coffee was flavorful but the cornbread was a little too dry for my taste and cold.
There were a few groups of friends celebrating and many folks waiting to get a seat. Would highly recommend for breakfast fare. Came back with my daughter for lunch and was just as pleased with another fish order with fries and coleslaw. Did not know slaw came with it, so ordered as a side dish. Wish the server would have told me...Two different recipes... I'll pass next time on both. 
Good place for a couple or a group.  Make reservations if you can!
The food is the BOmB, the staff is amazing love it.  I had everything on the menu. My food was nice and hot when it arrived to my table.
Love the people and the food, but the service... "meh."  

We were the first ones in the door when they opened at 8 (Breakfast places should open earlier than 8, but that's another story.)  

We didn't get our food until 8:50... so much for a quick working breakfast.  We were told at one point the chef wanted/needed to change the oil in something... do that before you open!

I hope they take this as constructive criticism; I want to see them succeed.
This is a Black owned restaurant with a great staff, great service, and great food. The decor is fun and modern. They're always crowded but they try to get you seated quickly. They also don't typically take same-day reservations, so keep that in mind! My favorite person on their staff is the young, gentleman with the beard. You'll know who I'm talking about right away. He's always pleasant, friendly, and brings good conversation to your table. Be sure to try everything on their menu as you won't be disappointed! The have great shrimp and grits, eggs benedict, and French toast!!
I tried and tried again.  I will not be back!
I have gone to this restaurant several times. On the first visit, my order was incorrect. They made it right. The second visit, the food was okay.  My grandson needed a cup to take his orange juice home.  He could not finish it.  The server was charged $1.50 for the container.  When I heard about that, I was annoyed and gave them the $1.50. The third visit was fair.  The food arrived at different times, we had kids, and some of the food was lukewarm.  But we were celebrating a birthday, so we made the best of it.  I really wanted to like this place.  The final straw was when my husband and my uncle went for breakfast.  My husband figured that he would give them one more chance.  They waited 20 minutes once seated for someone to acknowledge.  They are slow, so the food took a while to be served.  They chatted and waited.  Once the meal was delivered, the server forgot my uncle's toast.  When he finally got someone's attention, he asked for it.  They brought it to him on a napkin, not a small plate, and laid it on the table.  They didn't speak a word, just put it there.  
The final, final straw came when the server came and told them that there is a 15-minute limit after you are done eating. We do understand that the place is small but when you are that slow to acknowledge patrons and to bring their food, don't rush them.   My uncle said that he would never go back even if they send a limousine and the food is complimentary. The food is inconsistent, and the service is consistently slow.  They will not see our family again, nor will we recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Great experience. Host very attentive and friendly, our waitress, Desiree was awesome. Personable and friendly, great recommendations and the food... gone before I even thought to take pictures. Sauted shrimp & grits and the boutique belly buster both good choices. 
Real cute interior, positive atmosphere. We will definitely be back.
I went here with my Cuzns, we're a group of six & everything was great. We'd had reservations & were promptly seated by the lovely Ms. Angel. We ordered a few different options which allowed us to taste different things. I must say that everything tasted delicious. The sweet potato hash was phenomenal. The fish (whiting) was fried perfectly, not too salty or over seasoned. The garlic wings were slamming. The shrimp & grits were as pleasing to the tongue as they were to the eyes. The order of French toast was HUGE. The whole table prob could've shared one order. But they too were tasty & filling. I would definitely recommend this spot & I can't wait to go back for more. Oh, and out waitress Talia was the bomb!!!
Does anywhere else offer an interesting breakfast menu like breakfast boutique? Shrimp and fried fish we're fantastic. Normally I hate when people mention ambiance, but this place feels like a neighborhood. It's great!!!
