Limoncello cupcake runaway with me then get in my belly and avoid staying on the thighs. Can you say sugar rush? I just had half a cupcake and some ice cream (Jillian Michaels forgive me but a woman on day 25 of your 30 day shred deserves a cupcake honey). We were on the avenue, Germantown that is, on this beautiful day and decided to walk down to Bredenbecks. As soon as we walked in the employees greeted us with genuine smiles and asked to help us right away. I had a few really random inquiries about wedding cakes and one of the employees signed me up for an appointment to discuss on the spot. Pretty awesome if you ask me! And I have to mention that even though we came in a half hour before closing, the employees didn't make us feel rushed in that "hurry up and order you half hour before closing customers" way. 5/5 for taste and service. Make sure you check-in for a free cupcake offer :)
I had an awful experience with them. BRIDES BEWARE!!!

I had Bredenbecks make a replica of my cake top from my wedding day, this is an upgrade since they give you generic on on your anniversary. I had sent pictures, a detailed description - they told me they could absolutely do this.  Please note this was a VERY simple white cake! I go to pick up, and its 100% wrong. it wasn't my cake. The girl was very rude and said they would redo it and to come back tomorrow. I go back the next day and it's even WORSE!!! they even got my monogram wrong. they clearly did not care enough to look at the pictures or the email. This cake could not be more simple. So i took the care anyways.. they made me pay which is wrong since it was a massive inconvenience to me to drive there 2x from the city. When we finally sit down to enjoy this laughable wedding cake it was disgusting. it was ROCK hard and STALE. I dropped them a note telling them this cake wasn't even edible and they never even wrote back. Brides: pick a different bakery!
I came here to pick up a birthday cake for a girlfriend who rants and raves about this place all the time, so my expectations were set high. 

While waiting for the cake to be packaged, I ordered two red velvet cupcakes to-go. As I was paying, I noticed an unsatisfied customer whose cake design didn't turn out the way she wanted (hmmm?). 

So I took the cake home and presented it to my girlfriend. She was very disappointed in the quality of her cake. She ordered from this bakery before, and noticed the quality of her cake did not match the previous ones that were ordered from here. 

The lowdown: It didn't look or taste any different from a cake that can be purchased from a local grocery store. It was supposed to be adorned with designs of elaborate lilies... the end result? I don't even know. I don't mean to be harsh, but I could've created a design that would be more impressive than what was given to us... and I am by no means a baker.

And the red velvet cupcakes were a disappointment. Quite honestly, the cake mix from the box tastes better :(
One star, in this case, is certainly a gift....I really need a "ZERO CHANCE of ever getting a star from me" option!

WEDDING CAKE, FAIL.

Their "My way or the highway" attitude is EXTREMELY TIRING!

My caterer for my wedding works exclusively with Bredenbeck's Bakery. Naturally I thought the "Famous Philadelphia Bakery, Oldest in the City" would be able to make me a lactose free wedding cake. I mean, after all their SPECIALTY is BAKING CAKES.

I started out with a conversation with an associate that answered the phone to book my appointment. It seems that when I started explaining my dietary restrictions (no milk, no butter), it was too much for her to handle. She passed me off to the owner. While the owner was pleasant I don't feel that she could totally grasp the concept about a cake with no milk or butter. She told me she would make me an egg less cake with butter cream icing!!!!

She asked me to give her some time to research a recipe. Fine, OK. I explained to her that I would like a chocolate cake. and gave her a few different reccommedations for subsitutuins. She then had me wait two months for my appointment so she could "research options" and have something for me to taste when I got there.

When it came time for my appointment, she brought me a plate of the regular cakes (all with milk and butter) and on the table was an (egg less) cake that looked like toast, plain, with white icing on the side. To my dismay, she had not comprehended a word I had spoken to her and I was scared (due to my allergy) to even try the cake. 

After explaining to her - yet again - that my allergy was NOT to eggs, she then told me she had spent a lot of time googling a recipe and this is all she could come up with. (Really, that's the research I waited MONTHS for??? A Bakery, googling... my mom did that and came up with THREE recipes in 20 minutes!) THEN, she asked ME to give HER a recipe. I was tempted to hand her 42 boxes of Dunkin Hines, because apparently they can handle the recipe just fine! She actually made me feel bad for even asking, imagine that.

Needless to say I will not be using this bakery for my wedding cake, as it is absolutely necessary that I not have an allergic reaction on my wedding day. I really feel like this bakery did not WANT to accommodate me, even if I paid additional fees. They were constantly making us feel like we were "in the wrong" for even approaching them with the idea. They made it abundantly clear to me that food allergies are not welcomed here. 

The only ritual in my wedding- TO CUT THE CAKE has been removed from my wedding because of this company.

They STILL insist that this is not their fault, yet they led me to believe for 3 months that they could potentially create a cake for me, yet, they never had a plan to do so...or rather they just "don't get it" since they are still offering me an egg-less cake! hahaha!

Try to ask them to customize anything out of their norm, forget it.
A cutesy & kid-friendly (family mecca) bakery in Chestnut Hill right on "The" Avenue.  Cakes, cookies and other sweet treats at medium (not cheap, but not ridiculous) prices.

They also have ice cream.  My little one is sold - and I am not too far behind.  (Although I prefer cakes from the Night Kitchen bakery a bit farther down the hill. - see my other reviews.)
So disappointed. It's taken me a long time to write this review because I was so upset. I worked for a long time with the cake designer to make the perfect wedding cake. I showed her photos and asked her to make it exactly like the one in the picture. At first she said the flowers would be a slightly different color, but on the day we finalized the design I said specifically, "Just make it look exactly like the one in the photos." 
It came out barely resembling the cake I asked for--no topper, plastic looking ugly flowers instead of the beautiful ones I sent her a photo of, no beading along the separate layers. The colors weren't even the same! It was awful. 
The cake tasted good, but was NOT MY WEDDING CAKE. After seeing the cake at my actual reception, there was nothing I could do but pretend to be happy for the photos. I emailed the pastry chef after my wedding, told her the cake looked nothing like the pictures I sent her, and she seemed to be in disbelief. She thought it looked exactly like the pictures. Judge for yourself. 
Anyway, it was too late AFTER the fact--my wedding was done, photos were taken, etc. But the owner never even offered to make up for it in any way. Not a discount, not a free cake for a birthday, nothing. They couldn't fix what had already happened, but they could have at least tried to reach out. 
Wedding cake photos are ruined, my guests all saw the cheap-looking cake, and I'm out hundreds of dollars. What a waste and even worse, a stained memory of my otherwise beautiful wedding.
Their cakes and cupcakes are beautiful.  Truly.  Almost too pretty to eat beautiful.  Wow you really knocked it out of the park bringing the dessert to the big family dinner beautiful.  In short, wow.

The shop itself is also picturesque, the perfect Chestnut Hill store with stone and an awning and these really amazing gingerbread houses on display in the large paned windows. I feel going in there like I'm in a Rockwell painting. It's lovely.

Inside, there are bakers cases and people and they are all hustling but also being very nice and patient as we debated what to purchase.  There are notes about gingerbread house making classes that you can sign up for which sounds like it might be fun.  It's crowded but not tense, and they kept bringing out more of everything. No one worried they were going to lose out on the very last Rudolph cupcake.

The taste?  Eh.  It is true that many times the most beautifully decorated baked goods aren't the tastiest, and vice versa.   I found the cake itself to be on the dry side, and their pound cake, while it was tasty, lacked the density that makes pound cake magnificent.  It was more like a half pound cake.

Above all, though, the cake and cupcakes we bought were stunning, and the kids in our Big Loud Italian Christmas Dinner LOVED Santa on a cake.  That WOW makes the meh totally worth it.

For all their beauty, I found their prices quite reasonable, which is nice.  I'll be back for sure the next time I am looking for a beautiful dessert that tastes pretty good too.
Bredenbeck's is one of those 'ole-timey' ice cream parlors and bakeries that fits in with the rest of Chestnut Hill. The ice cream parlor has been an institution for me since I was a kid. The ice cream, while the brands have rotated over the past two decades, has stayed fairly high quality. They have Bassett's a step above Edy's/Breyers, and there is another one in there now that I cannot remember the name of, but try the Sticky bun flavor! The wide variety of ice cream flavors and toppings are unmatched in Chestnut Hill.

Now the bakery, on the other hand, is a completely different story. The place is a bake-off shortening house, at least as recent as a couple years ago (Their dumpster was full of boxes for mixes and frozen pastries). The icing is that 'sweet crisco' that you get on supermarket cakes. If you are looking for a place to get a cake/cookies/pastries, I would highly recommend Night Kitchen, followed by Cake. Bredenbeck's should be a last resort. They may be a bit cheaper than Night Kitchen or Cake, but if you are going for cost-savings, just buy your pastries at PathMark.
I had great hopes for this place based on the reviews I read but I was very disappointed. The buttercream on the cakes tasted like crisco. I would not recommend.
We were planning on using Bredenbeck's for our wedding cake, but after our tasting, there is NO. WAY.  

We made an appointment over a month in advance, and when we showed up right on time, we had to wait awkwardly in the bakery for over 30 minutes.  We were fine with that, but when the consultant came to take us to the tasting room, the first thing she said to us was that there was a couple coming in 30 minutes, so we "had to make it quick" -- in a tone as though we were walk-ins who didn't have an appointment, or as though we had showed up late. She also hurried ahead of us up the three flights of stairs to the tasting room (as though she had no time to wait for us to catch up), which broke my heart because it was so rude to my MIL, who was having a hard time on the steps. 

The tasting itself was a disaster.  Prior to the tasting, I spent no less than 30 minutes on the phone talking through what we wanted (I was promised that the tasting would be the chance for us to try that out).  The day of the tasting, the consultant just sat down, sans cake samples, and asked us what we wanted (um... to try cake?).   As we started talking about it, she told us one thing at a time that every. single. thing. that the original person had told us was not true.  Type of cake available, type of frosting, etc.  She even asked me if I was sure that I was right about my own wedding day, because she was certain they had it down as a week later (not very comforting). 

After we talked about what we would want for the day-of, she asked if we were good to go. I had to specifically ask if we could try the plate of sample cakes that I had seen her bring up to put in the refrigerator.  She begrudgingly got the cake samples out, and told us that they had been sitting out for a day, as if to explain in advance why they would be dry and not taste great.  She then mixed up the flavors, confusing lemon cake and vanilla (which inspired visions of that happening the day of the wedding).  

All in all, it was a total trainwreck.  I can only imagine if we went with them that we would be made to feel like an inconvenience while they delivered lemon instead of vanilla cake on the wrong day.  The actual mistakes and lack of professionalism would have been forgivable, if the consultant wasn't so rude to us. I felt bad that family drove almost two hours for this!  Really disappointed by the whole thing.
Summer heat beating you down?
Try Bredenbeck's thigh-thinkining ice-cream treat: Rich and creamy Bassett's vanilla ice cream, delicious cubes of pound cake on the bottom of the cup and topped with whipped cream & chocolate sauce. I'm not a fan of the whipped cream but it was part of the experience;)
Totally simple.
Seriously delicious.

Three and quarter Yelps.
If I could give this place negative stars I would. This is going to be a bit long, so here's the takeaway: DO NOT RISK RUINING ANY SPECIAL OCCASION BY USING THIS BAKERY!! I'm sure this place is fine for popping in for a coffee and a scone or whatever, but please heed my warning (and that of a previous reviewer--Lyna M. I think it was) and DO NOT order a custom cake from them. They completely botched a cake I ordered for my best friend's baby shower. I had a great idea for a sheet cake for the baby shower, and it was simple enough. I just wanted it to replicate the cover art (and proportions) of her favorite children's book,--called "An Awesome Book"--but instead I thought it would be cute if it said "An Awesome Baby". I emailed them the photo, the person I corresponded with--Jake--said it was no problem and explained that they would use what's called an "edible image" for the main image, and that the wording for the title would be done by hand but would mirror the same style/color/font of the wording on the cover. Great. Seemed easy enough. We corresponded a bit more about the sizes (quarter sheet cake vs full sheet cake) and flavors etc. I ended up going with a half sheet cake, which he told me was 13" x 18". The morning of the shower I was on a super tight schedule. When I saw what they were bringing from the back room I was ready to tell them that they had the wrong one. What they emerged with was a half sheet cake, but the picture of the cover art--rather than being the whole top of the cake--was tiny and inset. So the picture was small in the middle and then there was 5"-7" of space around it on all sides!! In order to fill all of that "dead space" around the image, someone (???) at Bredenbeck's decided that three-dimensional POWDER BLUE AND PINK BABY BOOTIES AND ONESIES should be added. OMFG. Again--I guess that someone (???) thought they would make executive decisions about what should be on top of the cake. Oh but it gets better. Remember how I said that Jake had said the main part of the cover art would be edible image but the wording would be done by hand? Well, it wasn't. The inset cover art was all one edible image (including the title), and then--ON TOP of the word "book"--in what I can only describe as resembling POWDER BLUE PUFFY PAINT--was written the word "baby"!!! You could actually SEE the wording in the image underneath. It looked HIDEOUS. Oh but it still gets better. I of course lost it and explained how this was NOTHING like Jake and I had agreed upon and how could this happen etc. The manager--Jenelle--seemed shockingly unconcerned at the extent to which the cake wasn't what I ordered. I waited about 20 minutes while they took it in the back to fix it. They obviously couldn't transform it into what I ordered at that point. I told them that if the wording couldn't be done by hand, then just use the edible image as-is (thereby losing the whole "baby" play on words) and to remove all the crap around the image. Apart from the shock and frustration about how badly they botched the cake, what was really shocking was the manager's attitude. They ultimately didn't charge me for the cake (I would have lost my mind if they tried to), which should serve as proof of how badly they screwed it up. In total honesty, I would have rather paid the $75 for the cake I wanted, been spared the stress and frustration and been on time to the shower. To top it all off, as I was walking out the manager had the nerve to say to me in a really condescending way "If this is the worst thing that happens to you today, I think you'll be ok". Are you kidding me??? Oh I'm sorry--is this too much of a "first world" problem for me to be upset about? I guess short of getting hit by a car or having some sort of personal tragedy I'm, well, overreacting? Um, no. If you had ordered a cake for a special occasion weeks in advance only to find the incompetent person who handled the order (and the incompetent manager who allows that employee to handle orders) totally screwed it up, I think you'd be pretty upset, too. So, don't you dare pass judgment on what I'm "allowed" to be upset over. Needless to say, I will NEVER order anything from Bredenbeck's again, and I encourage you not to either!
A few days ago, visiting the area for Labor Day, I borrowed my brothers car to go on a drive to this little Victorian building.  I ordered a Rum Raisin in a sugar cone and walked out in instant elation.  You did, it Bredenbeck's!  You were open, laboring on labor day, and the love was not lost.  

OH man, the thrill of this Victorian ice cream gallery.  There are stenciled walls, fresh strawberry topping, various spectacular cone choices.  I have been going to this ice cream store as long as I have been an American Ice Cream Championess: that makes twenty four years, now.  Their branding of ice cream changes (Hershey's, H.D., Breyers, and now Bassett's, I believe). They really do ice cream temperature well. The prices are always enough for people to comment about Chestnut Hill, and they didn't have pretzel cones, which is really... substantial. 

 I recommend a trip out to this place if you are looking for an afternoon of window shopping, antique-ing, or just an ice cream guarantee.
I am not sure what all the good buzz is about with Bredenbeck's. On the upside, I like the place itself--wooden floors and sort of a small town, comfy/cozy feel--and it's always humming on warm summer evenings, with people lined up to get ice cream. 

But it's a bakery, and that's where it falls short for me. I've had both their cakes and their cookies and wasn't impressed with either. The cookies and cakes were just ok; honestly, they didn't seem better than anything you could get at your local supermarket bakers.
Discovered Bredenbeck's inadvertently while on Germantown Avenue yesterday. I ordered a slice of strawberry shortcake, red velvet cupcake, brownies and pound cake slices. The frosting is TERRIBLE. The creamed cheese frosting was stiff and taste more like paste. Red Velvet and shortbread cake lacked moisture and taste very artificial. Brownies were also TERRIBLE. Of the samplers I purchased the aforementioned were inedible. The pound cake was just ok. Had better from Entemans. I will not return to Bredenbecks. I've had better baked goods from local grocery chains. Very disappointing.
Ok first of all I would like to premise this review by saying that me and Bredenbeck's go back a long way and we have had a very tumultuous relationship, but one thing remains the same is their amazing cake!!

As a self proclaimed cake fanatic I would have to say that this place has the best cake (vanilla of course, not a fan of chocolate) I have ever had the indulgence of tasting. I mean I dont think you get it when I say that I love cake and eat it as much as I can  My house is always stocked with cake or cupcakes,  I'm 26 yrs old and I still insist on a birthday cake every year and for pretty much any other occasion I can finagle a cake out of.  And out of every cake and bakery I have tried, none even come close to the cake at Bredenbecks

 This cake is truly amazing.  The cake (sponge or pound) is moist the icing is sweet and full of flavor that just makes your taste buds dance with excitement. They have different flavored pound cake  like lemon chocolate chip and raspberry.  I was just finishing my last bite of some raspberry when I decided to write this review. Everything in this bakery is truly incredible their ice cream parlor  is amazing too.  Bassets ice ream is some of the best in the city. 

This place  definitely deserves 5 stars but I used to work there (10 yrs ago) and me and the owner  didn't get along that well, and I'm pretty sure I was fired, but even after all that I still remain a loyal customer and spread the gospel that is Bredenbeck's
i came across bredenbrecks when looking for a grooms cake for my wedding rehearsal dinner. i e-mailed lots of bakers in the area with an idea for my grooms cake and none were more attentive and responsive than bredenbrecks was. not only were they responsive and sweet, but they also gave me a great price and were accommodating with my many questions (pick up vs. delivery, how many people, what are the best fillings, etc.).

my idea was a little goofy, i wanted a cake shaped like a book with the book cover of i like you by sandol stoddard warburg (read it if you never have). this book holds sentimental value to my husband and i and i knew he would crave the thoughtfulness. 

i have never had a specialty cake done so i was a bit nervous. given the timeframe of my wedding chores, my dad had to pick it up, so I didn't even see the cake until the rehearsal. It was perfect, just what I have envisioned. i don't even know how they did it, it looked like a painting. when i ordered it i even asked them to cross out like and put love, they did and it looked great. 

and the cake tasted wonderful! everyone was silent during that part of the meal, and me (the bride) who swore i wasn't going to have cake the night before the wedding did and craved it!!
We ordered a pound cake with lemon curd filling for my sisters wedding and while the cake was beautiful, there was no lemon to be found. When we went in to the bakery the day after he wedding (with a piece of the cake to show them) they seemed to be open to finding a way to make us happy - but my sister has called them about 5 times and they never call back. The manager is always "on the other line". 

We payed a premium for a less than average cake. Sad!
I guess I'm the odd wo-man out here. I'm a sweet treat kind of person. So if I walk past a local place that's dishing up ice cream, it's inevitable I'm stopping in. I did "check in" via Yelp when I was here, and was prompted to get a free cupcake. I didn't utilize it though. I wanted ice cream! I popped into the ice cream door and the bakery door, just to see what it was all about. Place is small, but cute. I was hoping for more exciting ice cream flavors, but I won't hate on them for having the basics. A few things had some strange names and upon asking the kid at the counter what they were, he seemed kind of annoyed (and annoyed at the child also asking questions in front of me). I don't give people a hard time though. When I see a bunch of youngsters working in a place, I'm not expecting stellar service. I glanced over the cookies and such to see if there was anything I'd want to try, but nothing really looked over-the-top amazing. I also heard an older woman complaining to the counter kids how terrible some of their stuff looked. I let it go. I wasn't there for cakes. I ordered peanut butter ice cream. One single scoop put me out a little over $4.00, which I think is a little nuts. It's Bassett's Ice Cream, so it's not made there, though made in Philadelphia. It was good. Creamy. Lots of peanut butter. I don't feel as if it was worth the price or the off-putting customer service.
Bredenbecks continues to impress with style and taste. We threw a surprise party for my mom, and I knew that we needed a truly impressive cake for the occasion. Straight to Bredenbecks we went! The cake in question was ordered for approximately 20 people but I assure you, it could feed an army. 

The cake was delicious, and everyone raved about the frosting. Nobody was less than delighted with dessert!

It was also a gorgeous cake - the sugar flowers were almost too pretty to eat. Almost. 

I cannot rave enough about Bredenbecks. Everything from their cookies and cupcakes to danish and cinnamon rolls are always exceptional. No occasion, big or small, is complete without a Bredenbecks custom cake.
Thank you for a wonderful wedding cake! The tasting was perfect, the cake delivered early and the presentation was exact. I had the strawberry champagne cake, which I would never have thought I would do because it was never an option before. I thought I would have had the chocolate with raspberry or the red velvet, but when I tasted that strawberry champagne, I was sold. The fake bottom of the cake worked out great for presentation and the cake was just as good as it was at the tasting! Thanks again!
Bredenbeck's has a wide range of baked goods available - cakes, cookies, cupcakes, and of course ice cream!  The cakes in the window are absolutely gorgeous, and the ones on display inside really demonstrate some serious cake decorating skill.  

I haven't had a chance to try everything - we just dropped by this weekend and the cupcakes caught our eye.  Somehow 2 cupcakes cost us only $1.80.... We repeated the price about 5 times as we were in shock, but it was real.  At any rate the key lime cupcake was absolutely amazing while the chocolate rocky road cupcake was just good.  A rough life indeed....
This bakery in Chestnut Hill has a great reputation so I went there yesterday (Saturday) to purchase a cupcake. They all looked beautiful. I chose a chocolate cupcake with a luscious-looking topping and a peanut butter cupcake. I looked forward to enjoying them. Unfortunately, the chocolate cupcake had an extremely dry chocolate chip cake (talking desert dry) and the topping was all fluff and no flavor. The peanut butter iced cupcake with chocolate cake was somewhat moister with much more flavor--the only reason I gave two stars. I was really disappointed with a $4.25 cupcake!
Absolutely a hidden gem ! All the while growing up in Mt. Airy and Chestnut Hill , I never even knew about this bakery til today. I felt so lost in a time warp. How could I have missed this place that's been around for years ? Needless to say I am glad I found it and couldn't be happier as a coworker suggested the bakery. 

I usually make my own cheesecakes as my family request them often. But with the everyday hustle and bustle of work etc. it can become a lot of work. I was pleasantly surprised as I called early in the morn to place an order and the bakery attendant informed me she had to check if it was available on short notice. I had explained to her  that it is my Daughter in law's birthday who is also expecting my second grandchild and had been asking me to make it and if I don't fulfill the request I'm in trouble.. LOL . We both chuckled and I was placed on a brief hold. Keeping my fingers crossed , she returned to the phone and said we can absolutely accommodate you today for you request. Very professional and courteous as I wish I had gotten her name and hopefully this review reaches the store and it is relayed to her for my many thanks. Total life saver! 

When you walk in you do get that family owned old fashioned bakery where everything looks absolutely amazing as I didn't know what else I wanted because the selections are so inviting. Literally a kid in the candy store  but I also knew that I couldn't leave without purchasing some extra sweets for my self and family for  later .. I wound up  picking up some Apple strudel tarts and a sweet potato tart which was only one left. 

Thanks so much for taking the time to meet a request of a now faithful customer as I look forward to returning!
I arrived there this morning at 7 AM when they opened expecting to get a FRESH BAKED cake for my son's birthday only to find none available. I was beyond disappointed. I've always been under the impression that bakeries are the best place for fresh baked cakes. To be told that they had no idea when they would have any available was just unacceptable. I guess the days of getting anything FRESH BAKED is a thing of the past. 

If I wanted cake that wasn't fresh, I could get that from Sam's or even Walmart. I guess bakeries are charging more than Sam's & Walmart and giving you the same exact products and getting away with it. What a shame!!
Hubby and I ordered a just-like-our-wedding-cake cake for our one year anniversary party and it was just as delicious as we remembered, and completely devoured by the end of the party. The top freezer-stored tier held up pretty well too and was also very delicious, tho very cold ;)
From the outside this place is very cute.  It looks like an old fashion bakery inside.  I went for the ice cream.  I had the mint chocolate chip.  It was very good.  Everything looks fresh here.  The service was good.
Bredenbecks has a nostalgic place in my heart as I have many memories of coming here as a child. 25 years later the mint chocolate chip ice cream still tastes the same, so do the sugar cookies. Still delicious!!!! Consistently yummy :)
I had the pleasure of meeting the baker at the Bridal Expo show last month at the Loews Hotel here in Philadelphia.  She does amazing things with buttercream icing that give fondant a run for the money in the design aspect with superior flavor.  I am looking forward to setting up a private tasting for this and a few other bakeries in the region for my wedding cake.
Why is the operation hours set to the Bakery side?
Why isn't this just two separate stores on yelp and Google maps?

How hard would it be to make another page JUST for the ice cream shop???

I was looking for ice cream after dinner at the jazz club  around 9pm and this place says it closes at 7pm on Yelp and Google maps. Why???
Luckily instead of leaving we decided to go for a little walk down the strip and saw that it was open.
Usually I love bredenbecks and everything about it but today's service was the worst! It took about 15 minutes for me to get my milkshake and when my cousin requested a strawberry ice cream cone with chocolate jimmies the one worker came out with ice cream without the jimmies but had already charged her. Then had the audacity to say "to get the jimmies I would have to look through the 10 boxes" as if it was our problem. No smiles on anyone's faces (although I know no one wants to work on Black Friday) and why was my milkshake 6.50? Although delicious! I guess I'm just disappointed...
We stopped in here yesterday.  The warm weather made ice cream possible.  This is a tiny little place with barely enought room to two people to stand side by side.  However, they offer a nice assortment of baked treats, ice cream, and coffee.  (I understand that they have a second shop area that is open in the warmer months to accommodate the larger crouds).

We stopped there mid afternoon and there were a few people in front of us and a constant stream of additional clients entering behind us.  I ordered a slice of yellow cake with white icing - you buy it by the pound and it isn't cheap - about $9.00 per pound.  The cake was good - dense like you expect for scratch made but still moist and flavourful.  The icing wasn't very thick, but it was soft and suggary - so you didn't need much.  Everyone in our party had a bite and everyone liked it.

The husband opted for the chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream and the kids wanted strawberry, our friend ordered vanilla.  They said the ice cream was made by Bassett's, which is a very nice change from the ever present Hershey ice cream you seem to find everywhere (at least in the Central PA area).    Bassett's is a Philly ice cream company that has been around for over 100 years.  When you taste their ice cream it's obvious why they've lasted so long.  It's creamy, not icy.  It has good, natural flavor - it doesn't taste artificial. Best of all, it's dense so you actually are paying for ice cream and not for air like you do with some brands.

Overall, it was a nice experience.  Again, not cheap but good.
We went here last night to participate in their "Gingerbread Workshop". I'm SO glad we found out about this event! First of all, this workshop is BYO. They supplied us glasses for our wine and also provided delicious holiday cookies for us throughout the night.
Upon arrival, they walk you next door to a building they use for the event. It was a beautiful, old room with a couple tables and chairs. On each table they gave us a large gingerbread house (to be decorated by two people) and two cups of sprinkles. In the entrance room, they had a candy table full of unlimited treats that you could use to decorate your house. The event was from 7-9, but they let us know they'd stay past nine if we were still working (so nice!) My boyfriend and I noted as we left that they were the right amount of helpful - around and available, but they really let us do our own thing. 
Our gingerbread house looks beautiful! I'm really so glad we went to this event! We'll be going back next year and we'll be bringing friends!
Stopped here after a walk through chestnut hill for icecream. 

Parking; metered street

Service: staff pleasant.  

Selection: I ordered ice cream. Price was high but icecream was ok. Nothing to return for.
Impressive cake tasting. I did a cake tasting over the weekend and was wowed by their customer service. Although the bakery and the ice cream parlor are very small and crowded, the cake tasting is done on the upper level. Although the walkway and entrance is a bit awkward and it felt a bit hot inside, the room is quite nice and has a dozen different style of cakes. 

I had the standard cake tasting with 6 types of cakes and fillings (vanilla cake with vanilla frosting, chocolate cake with mocha frosting, lemon cake, pumpkin cake with salted caramel frosting, raspberry swirl with raspberry puree, chocolate chip cake with oreo frosting) followed by raspberry butter cream and cookie dough which I requested. I was very pleased that the bakery took the time to make these extra fillings for me. 

Like most bakeries, the wedding cake is made of pound cake, so it's dense and heavy. I like the raspberry swirl with raspberry puree and the chocolate cake with cookie dough frosting the best, it was a hard toss up between the two types. The wedding consultant was very accommodating and friendly. For a 3 tier cake that feeds 55 people with a ribbon border around each tier and a metallic intricate design and a standard non-vanilla flavor, the price quote was $350. Although this seems pricey, it's market average. 

Overall, I had a great experience with the tasting, lots of nice options to choose from. Although I have to do a couple more tastings in the area, Bredenbeck's takes the lead.
I stumbled upon this place in search of a bite to eat for brunch... And ended up leaving with a DECADENT slice of chocolate chip cheesecake and a small apple pie tart!

The chocolate chip cheesecake is DELISH!! Super creamy, sweet, chocolate chip speckled cheesecake topped with a dense German chocolate cake, topped with more chocolate and a cherry! By far the BEST tasting cheesecake I've had ever~

The apple pie tart was delish! I should have heated it up a bit in the oven at home... But I ate it cold/chilled and the apples were cooked perfectly!! Just the right bit of softness and resistance that made chewing the apples in the tart sooo satisfying!

The staff is friendly and helpful! There were a LOT of people waiting in their small store, already helped (service is fast!), and they seemed to be waiting for big customized cake orders! Wow! Guess this is the go-to place for a lot of locals!

I had driven 50min from NJ to get my haircut at a salon in Philly... But man, the next time I get a haircut, I will DEFINITELY be putting in a few more min into the meter to walk to this bakery for more cheesecake and to try their other awesome baked goods!!!
I've loved this place since I was old enough to spill an ice cream cone on myself. This seems to happen every time! My mother always got our birthday cakes from this family-owned bakery and nothing seems to compare. The baked goods are always fresh and made with premium ingredients. The ice cream is equally delectable, especially considering their wide assortment of sundaes and other concoctions. It's the cake the brings me back again and again for all occasions. The final product is always artfully presented and, of course, delicious. I also enjoy the friendly staff. The place is a little cramped, but I find it charming and fitting  with the rest of Chestnut Hill.
If you are imagining cupcakes for your wedding. Go somewhere else!!!
Loved everything about my wedding except our cupcakes from Bredenbeck's. Had a consultation with a member from sales, and after he did his whole spiel about all the wedding cake options we had, I popped his bubble by saying we wanted cupcakes. From our discussion, it seemed like Bredenbeck's had NEVER made cupcakes for a wedding before. We pulled out an ipad and picked a nice blueish purple hydrangea frosted cupcake. I was very excited. They would match our blue hydrangea bouquets.  The final product? 2 flavor cupcakes, with 3 different frosting colors: play-doh blue, bright purple, and white. They looked really TACKY. Like something for a kids birthday party. 
Our guests couldn't tell what flavor cupcake they were picking because the frosting didn't correlate to the flavor of the cake. 
We had to provide our own cupcake stand, cupcake liners, ribbon to go on the outside of a separate cake to cut, and cupcake wrappers.
I absolutely, positively loveeee this bakery. Everything is fresh, sweet and delicious! I am particularly in love with their cupcakes. Every holiday and birthday, I get at least three of their sunflower cupcakes made with oreos and cookies and creme icing (YUM) and three of their sprinkled cupcakes. My brother loves their cannolis. 

If anyone lives around Germantown Ave. or happens to be passing by sometime soon, definitely make an effort to visit. It'll be worth the trip!
Dry, overpriced cakes. I've tried more than once with the same result each time. 80$ for what tasted like 4 day old cake. Terrible. Definitely don't taste as pretty as they look!  Sugar cookies are good but, DON'T waste your money. Right down the street is a lovely bakery with more reasonably priced moist cakes and other pastries.
Very good pound cake.  It's rich and buttery and just delicious.  They also have some cute and tasty cupcakes.  I happen to like the vanilla but there plenty of other options.
Took the Living Social coupon --- and boy was this worth it.  Our first time going into the shop - so the coupon worked for them.  

So many yummy things to buy.  We got some Valentine's Day cupcakes, some bagels (yes, bagels), some sort of iced bun, and an amazing flat pastry.  It seemed to be butter and cream.  Really good.  

They had a good assortment cakes, cookies, and all sorts of pastries all made in the shop.

We will visit again once we work off these calories.
If I could give them zero stars I would. Ordered my husband his grooms cake for our rehearsal dinner. I confirmed with them the day before the RD and they said the cake would be delivered between 2-5. Dinner started at 7:30. Knowing the owners who were hosting our rehearsal dinner they informed me that the bakery attempted to deliver the cake at 9 in the morning!!  Before the restaurant even opened. The delivery person was rude when the staff arrived at the restaurant to open at 11:00. She yelled at them saying she had been waiting two hours to drop off the cake. The cake was not even in a box. Cake ended up being melted and design ruined. Termini Brothers did our wedding cake and the difference in both service, design, taste(amazing!) and price was unbeatable. To say I was truly dissatisfied is an understatement. Save your time and money.
This place is super adorable inside and it's on a great street for exploring Chestnut Hill. Come here for desert after brunch! Be prepared to take it and walk around as they do not have seating. 

I came here for their wedding cake creations. They take you upstairs to a small room to discuss wedding cakes. As with a lot of those buildings, the staircase is slightly steep so be cautious but the room is great. Our girl was so thoughtful and helpful. Most importantly, we had immediate follow through via email with out order details. We did book through The Sheraton Society Hill, which includes the cake in our venue pricing, so I believe we are getting a great deal there. 

We have also been exploring doing custom LOVE cookies and pretzels with them, and so far I've found their prices to be more reasonable than the places I've inquired with in the city.
So with COVID-19 going on i've needed some sweetness in my life---so naturally, I was thrilled when Brendenbecks opened again. They do a super easy call ahead no contact pick up system.  They even gave me an extra donut! It was just really nice to get some extra kindness in such a dark time!


My favorites
-Champagne cupcakes
-Vanilla Cupcake
-Carrot Cake Cupcake
-Brownies
-Strawberry Shortcake
-Pumpkin Cheesecake
-Carrot Cake Cheesecake
-Glazed Donut
-Glazed Sprinkles Donut
-Chocolate Frosted Donut

They have a ton of premade cakes, they're also amazing as custom cakes. Last year, I had a Louis Vuitton Cake  for my that matched the bag I was given as a present.

In short, I recommend them for any of your baked good desires,
We got our wedding cake here: chocolate cake with fresh raspberries sliced between the layers and buttercream icing. Delicious!

It's a teeny space, in an old house kind of building, that I think used to be a sewing shop or something like that. They have rooms up the winding stairs for decorating and tastings, which was fun until we got back downstairs and my mom realized she'd left her glasses on the third floor. They accommodated me, my parents, and my brother and sister all for the tasting. They have really creative ideas, and are more than willing to attempt whatever you can come up with. 

Once we'd figured out what we wanted, they made a little mini cake for us to take home and try out just to make sure (for a moderate price of course). Everyone raved about it at the wedding, both for taste and design =)
I would have given 6 out of 5 stars! 
Bredenbecks sat down with us for a tasting and designed our daughter's Bat Mitzvah cake with her. She was so excited to have so much input, but the designer, Jessica, was fantastic! When we saw the cake for the first time the night of the event we were blown away! It was more amazing that we could have imagined. Our guests were blown away by the appearance, but by the taste too! I'm still getting calls as to where it was from! From the inside out...Bredenbecks...it was incredible!
solidly tasty baked goods on one side, and a good selection of ice cream on the other side.  cramped quarters and sometimes frazzled service leaves something to be desired, but everyone is friendly and well-meaning.
Oh Bredenbeck's, how I love you.  From the cookies, to the brownies, to the cupcakes, to the ice cream, I love this place.  So glad spring is here so I can get some of there delicious sundaes and ice cream sandwiches again!  Such a great spot to take a walk to in the summer and pick up some sweet treats as my fiance likes to say.

My favorite thing here is by far the cupcake selection.  They have about a dozen different cupcakes and each one is absolutely scrumptious.  My usual is the red velvet, but the turtle cupcake is pretty great as well. 

So much here I have left to try, but of all the things I have tried here, I've never been let down.  If you're on the Ave this spring or summer, stop in and check it out.  I'll probably see ya there!
I was holding a 70th birthday party for my mom and this place came recommended from the  venue I was hosting the party.  I was told they had the best pound cake in town.  In fact, the pound cake was good however, they didn't put the right frosting (asked for buttercream, got regular suger frosting) or decorate the cake as I asked.  In addition, trying to coordinate and finalize the cake was a hassle.  I placed the order via the web, emails back and forth over a 2 week period, spoke to a couple people who didn't seem to talk to each other.  Anyway, it was just ok, worth the hassle and the mistakes?  meh,  not so much.   I really prefer to support local establishments but when you make it so difficult than just going to Wegmans and ordering without a hassle it makes it difficult!
We used Bredenbeck's last weekend for our daughter's first birthday. I emailed a copy of the invitation plus a few pictures of cakes I sort of liked. The decorators managed to pull my scattered ideas together and create a beautiful cake. We were thrilled with the way the cake looked and it was delicious as well. Will definitely be using again!
I have only one experience here.  I bought several dozen cupcakes of several different flavors for my husband's 30th birthday.  The combination of flavors were AHH-mazing!  (Guinness cupcakes?  yes, please!)  They were a huge hit and very beautiful, too.  My only complaint is that the cake part of the cupcakes was a little dry for my tastes, but I am not a huge cake lover.  The supposed pound cake cupcakes did not taste like pound cake at all.  They were very yummy, but not the pound cake density that I expected.
Waited too long to visit this establishment. The ice cream sundae I chose had the perfect amount of everything! A little pricey but worth it! We went to the bakery next door and took home a few cupcakes, a butter cake and a couple tarts. Yet again, pricey but those bakery items were devoured. I highly recommend the fruit tart, salted caramel dark chocolate tart and the strawberry champagne cupcake was heavenly! We will definitely return!
I had walked by Bredenbeck's many times and always noticed their window displays of beautiful cakes. I decided to try them out by ordering  a cake for a bridal shower. I did not really see anything that I felt matched what the bride would want, and was also concerned with keeping it at a reasonable budget so that the other bridesmaids would feel comfortable contributing. 

I filled out their online request form and was quickly answered by one of their friendly staff via email. They were able to take a design I found on Pinterest and create a beautiful bridal shower cake. I felt the price was reasonable compared to other quotes for the same size/design of cake. My order was confirmed via email and I paid for everything on the scheduled day of pickup for the bridal shower. I received many compliments on the cake and the bride was very pleased as well. 

Also, I have to mention that they have many delicious pastries (my favorite being the cheese danish) oh, and it is also an ice cream shop!
Bredenbeck's Bakery did an amazing job on my wedding cake.
It was easy to set up a tasting with Bredenbeck's and they had many cake options and photos to choose from. Karen was easy to work with and flexible. All the cakes were great and we had a hard time choosing which flavors we wanted. You can even do different flavors on different tiers! Surprisingly, we ended up with lemon cake.
Bredenbeck's worked with our caterer for payment and delivery and it was seamless.
I was worried about now having a cake stand and asked Bredenbeck about it. They sent me links to different cake stands, which was really nice. I ended up with no cake stand and I didn't need it. The cake sits on a round bottom which was lined with gold foil so it looked elegant.
Our cake was absolutely gorgeous and exactly what we wanted/imagined. It also tasted great and we are still enjoying it:)
My husband even said that if we ever need to get a cake again, we will go to Bredenbeck's Bakery. haha.
Tasted great. Looked great. Arrived on time and perfect.
Bredenbeck's is one of Philadelphia's tradition rich bakeries. Since 1889 it has been selling its wares in the City of Brotherly Love.  That's a lot of baked goods ... and because they are so tasty I don't see why they won't be around for another century.  Their cute store in the middle of Chestnut Hill is augmented in warmer months with an ice cream shop as well....of course they sell Philly's oldest ice cream - Bassett's.  Out of all the sweet concoctions they create, let me just highlight their gourmet cupcakes.  I'm not really a cupcake person but even I have to admit their Strawberry Champagne Butter Cream cupcake is a work of art!
Custom cake for sister in laws bridal shower. 
Delicious yellow cake. Delicious icing. Great value for the price. Many of the guests said it was ONE OF THE BEST CAKES they'd ever had. Tasted  almost like a pound cake. Icing was nice, didn't taste plasticky like you get from some cheaper options. Would come back here anytime it was convenient and needed baked goods!
This place smells so good! Anything with the icing is great! The icing is like cheap,grocery store frosting--but beyond that!  This is not an insult! It is  sweet and just has that great taste that is addictive! Poundcake with icing-all flavors is so good--and asst cookies by the pound is great. Space is small and many customers don't understand about personal space but the FROSTING ROCKS. Oh yeah- they have ice cream. I would rather have a cone of frosting!!!!
While shopping around for a birthday cake, I was looking for a place that could offer a to-order chocolate drip cake with great taste, reasonable price, and could make it nut-free. I was shopping around mostly in the Center City and Fishtown areas, but ended up stumbling upon Bredenbeck's in Chestnut Hill. 

Tish responded to my inquiry in a timely fashion. I was happy to hear that the equipment used to make my cake would be sanitized and ingredients would be nut-free - of course, there are nuts there, but that was enough to make me comfortable. From there, the ordering process was simple and easy. I asked for a chocolate cake, cookies & cream filling, vanilla buttercream icing outside, then topped with a chocolate drip to serve 12-15 people. Tish recommended the 9" cake and asked if asked if I wanted any additional garnish to which I said maybe Oreos to add to the cookies & cream style. Price was $20 cheaper than the same 9" cake from other bakeries. 

Brendenbeck's SHATTERED my expectations. The cake was beautiful, huge, and, most importantly, delicious. They went above and beyond with the icing garnish, Oreos, and chocolate bark. The cake was moist and tasted like a big, cakey Oreo. Everyone loved it. 

I will be back for future delicious, beautiful cakes at a very reasonable price!!
I have heard such excellent things about this bakery. I have never given them a try, but decided to order a pie for the Fourth of July to bring to my family's barbecue. 

I placed an order for a 10" apple pie with crumb topping over the phone. I was able to pay ahead of time, and the girl on the phone stated that I could call the bakery on the day of and they would bring it out to me curbside pickup.

This morning, when I arrived, there wasn't much parking out front, but I was able to find a spot 2 cars behind the entrance of the bakery. I called the bakery and was immediately put on hold. Understandable since it seemed busy. I was waiting on the phone for a while and no one was picking up, so I decided to walk in and get my order.

The maximum occupancy is four customers at a time, so I waited outside a few minutes before going in. Not a big deal at all.

When it was my turn to be served, I stated that I was picking up my order that I placed yesterday. They asked for my name and went to search for it in the back. After a while, they come out and ask for my name again. They continue searching in the back. They come back again and ask what I ordered and they even said to me "You were picking up for 9:00 AM right?" even though it was 9:30 AM at this point, so it sounded like they knew of my order. then they go back searching again. Then the girl comes back and asks me if perhaps I put it under a different name. I know I put it under my maiden name, but told them MAYBE it could be under my married name. Still nothing. The girl tells me "We may have some more pies in the back to give you". That really stressed me out because it's Fourth of July weekend and it's something that I already paid for..... so I was hoping I'd get the pie I requested.

The girl then came back and asked if I wanted "lattice or no lattice" to which I again had to state that I wanted a crumb topping (which I stated at least three times prior).

Another employee, perhaps the manager, came out and eventually found a pie to provide to me which was the correct topping and size that I wanted. She had a yellow receipt in her hand that she slammed down onto the counter. Not sure if they eventually found my order or what, but they boxed it up for me.

I was hoping that they would offer me something complimentary for my trouble, or even a discount for next time, SOMETHING, but they just gave me the box and said "Sorry about that" and that was the end of it. 

I am on Keto and therefore will not be tasting the pie, but hopefully the guests at the barbecue enjoy it tomorrow. Hopefully this is the best pie in the Philadelphia area. Unfortunately, it is not worth the aggravation to come back.

On top of it, I know that it was not just me who was having issues. Two women who were ahead of me came in, picked up AT LEAST three items that they ordered ahead of time. They went outside, peered into their boxes, and then came back into the bakery because something was incorrect. Even reviews that I read from THREE YEARS AGO mention that they always have such a hard time finding the orders in the back. I know it's a small bakery, but there needs to be a better place to keep all the orders so things don't get "misplaced".

I had such high expectations for this bakery and it looked cute, but the service is very lacking and unfortunately will deter me from going back.
Best cupcakes ever!!! The bakery may not be as flashy as people are used to, but cupcakes are Delicious!
Delicious food, lovely employees. My only complaint is that every day there are people in there violating the rule they have posted on the door to limit "one customer at a time in the shop".

And that's not their fault, it's people's fault for not being conscientious during a pandemic.
I've been visiting this neat little shop for nearly my entire life. I'm in love with the Victorian atmosphere, (the bakery has been around since the late 19th century!) and the visitors I bring to the area always get a kick out of the rows of novelty cakes lining the windows. Whenever I come home from college, I always have to stop in and get a box of petit fours. (just the right size, with a raspberry jelly filling, and "melts in your mouth" frosting) I've had 2 birthday cakes from here, and they're great at accommodating special requests.

During the summer, the ice cream parlor really come in handy when you don't want to travel too far for an "okay" cone. The ice cream is pretty much your standard grocery brand stuff, but with the great staff and service I *almost* don't mind!
Bredenbecks is the best in Chestnut Hill in two categories, bakery and ice cream!

Their pastries are the best in town, and there is a lot of good competition.  They have provided sweet items for my kids birthdays going on a couple of years now.  Their pastries are out-of-this-world, and they have consistently been very accommodating of unusual and special requests, even last minute changes to orders.

The ice cream side of the shop is equally wonderful .  I love Ben & Jerry's, Cold Stone, etc., but there is something really great about a local shop that has premium and sometimes exotic ice cream with the freshest of toppings.  I love the bench out front to sit and savor afterwards!
Big selection of interesting flavors like strawberry champagne and margarita. While the presentation of the delights is top notch, I felt like they all basically tasted the same and that most of the flavor was in the frosting but it was not distinct enough to be good or bad. If someone said each cake was made with a boxed cake mix I would not be surprised, that's not to say it is bad or anything, maybe it's the beautiful displays and cakes and decorated treats that make you think your about to taste something transcending and  unique rather than a basic white cake.
My sister ordered a funfetti cake for my birthday and it was awful - dry to the point of tasting stale, and the frosting was far too sweet that we could barely eat it. We expected the cake to be dense because it was advertised as being made with pound cake, but it was heavy and dry. Very disappointed and will not be back.
Super friendly staff. Amazing and FREE cupcake samples. Loved the area and the great cupcakes.
Will be back next time I'm in Philly. 
Ice cream shop next year was a great idea too.
My heart belongs to the poundcake here. Yummy but expensive .. treat yourself!
It has been a year since I last took a bite of my wedding cake from Bredenbeck's. I had been to multiple bakeries before selecting this cake. I chose Bredenbeck's because they were the only bakery that could put gold icing on my cake and I requested the entire cake to be in red and gold. It looked spectacular at our reception. After the reception, my MIL wrapped it 20 times with plastic wrap, re-wrapped it with foil 8 times, then shoved it in her freezer for our one year anniversary (today). 

I had been forewarned that year old wedding cake is dry and disgusting and you eat it for tradition. Not Bredenbeck's. Today it tastes as good as it did at the reception. We have already had half of the cake and I shoved it in the fridge to eat more tomorrow. It's amazing! How can it still taste this good?

I think the Seinfeld episode where Elaine eats the Windsor wedding cake had to be inspired by this cake.

By the way, it was chocolate chip pound cake with buttercream icing. It will last forever!
I don't like leaving bad reviews but I have to on this one.  Cupcakes are tiny, dry and nothing   Over priced and stale.  I spent $20 there today and the pound cake and cupcakes were dry as a bone.
My husband and I try to be healthy by taking walks around the neighborhood in the evenings. Unfortunately, we always wind up walking to Bredenbeck's for ice cream (summer) or cookies (winter). If this place didn't offer such sweet delectables, I probably would've already lost those 10 lbs I've been working on!!!

This is the perfect place to buy treats that will impress for any occasion. For a holiday party one year, we brought one of their yule log cakes and it was quickly encircled by cell phone cameras and drooling partygoers. On another occasion, I bought some assorted cookies which were devoured within seconds of removing the string from the box! This place is definitely more expensive than your grocery store bakery, but I highly recommend them to satisfy your sweet tooth.
I've had the cake here before I can't recall the taste.
But  my second visit I came for Iced cream. And I was happy to learn that they can add a cupcake to my ice cream.
So I had a chocolate cupcake (cut into half). One half created the base, then I added ice cream of my choice..then top with the other half of the cupcake. top it all with whipped cream. YUMMMY.


The had ample interesting flavors. I didn't really try any because Iwasn't in the "trying" mood so I just picked one and went with it. I can't recall the name but it was delicious.
My husband and I met at Bredenbecks. Of course, our wedding cake was from there. We had two smaller cakes, but the cake from Bredenbecks was the centerpiece of the table. Ours had a custom design that matched the invitations and it was beautiful!!! Of course we had a chocolate  tier and buttercream frosting and saved that delicious, gorgeous cake for last. Oh, cake for 100 people for less than the 7.00 per slice  that other bakeries charge.
Thank you  Bredenbecks!!!
I literally go once a week to buy slices of pound cake. So so good. Everyone is super friendly and they're doing everything they can to still provide safe service during the pandemic.  Best cake in the city.
My wedding was on New Year's Eve and Bredenbeck's did a fabulous job. Tier flavors were raspberry (my favorite), chocolate chip, lemon, and devil's food. They delivered the caked in great time as well. Their service was excellent and i will go their again for my baking needs.
I have nothing but praise for Bredenbeck's Bakery for their outstanding work on our wedding cake. The staff was friendly and professional. They listened to my husband and I, made suggestions when asked, but ultimately let us call the shots. After leaving the tasting, my husband and I wanted to add some texture to the overall design of the cake, contacted the bakery and received prompt confirmation of the change in writing. On our wedding day, the cake was exactly what we envisioned it to be. It was beautiful, elegant and delicious. We couldn't be happier!
This is one of the best bakery's I have every been to.  Everything is always fresh and the place smells great. You can get special order cakes for any occasion and they are willing to do what ever you would like on it. The ice cream parlor next door which is also party of the bakery is great too. I love getting some of there ice cream on a hot day and just whaing Chestnut Hill go by. It is a great place to people watch and to get a ice cream cone for your pet graffiti named Mandy. The staff is very helpful and willing to do what ever you want. The ice cream is always fresh and the cone are nice and crisp. All in all 5 out of 5 stars!!!
We had our wedding in May of 2018 and Bredenbeck's was one of the preferred vendors of our venue. Emily was great to work with. She was very attentive and listened to the requests we were looking for. We communicated through emails and she sent us updates regularly about the evolution of our wedding cake. During the tasting, we were overwhelmed with the amount of variety to choose from, but she was very helpful and accommodating in answering our questions and addressing our vision of what we were looking for. Emily even offered us to take some samples home to taste to make sure we knew exactly what we wanted. Even the simplest things such as making payments they were flexible with in the sense that we can mail it rather than having to physically be there. We eventually chose a raspberry cake with lemon butter cream (highly recommended by the way) and the pound cake with lemon butter cream. We will be returning to Bredenbeck's!
Bredenbeck's is a really cute little gem of Chestnut Hill.  It's the type of place where if I'd grown up in or around Chestnut Hill, I'd beg my parents to take me every summer night for some awesome ice cream!  They have a great selection of flavors and prices are fair.  

The shop is small (single file line, flat against the counter), but full of character.  There are benches outside for those who like to sit and enjoy, or you can walk the shops on Germantown & eat at the same time, but be careful not to drip!  

I haven't been on the bakery side yet though, but I know wedding cakes can certainly be a touchy subject no matter which bakery you go to.  -A profession I don't think I could handle :)
Bakery nirvana. Without Courtney Love around to mess things up. Seriosuly, everything is awesome here, from the cake boss-style custom cakes (they made one I've seen that looked just like a cheesesteak) to the ice cream and coffee. Take a trip out of your way and stop in here.
I've ordered a few cakes from them-one they forgot to make day if the 100 person party but rushed it to the party location and it worked out. Items are delish but something always goes wrong. I ordered some mini desserts- at almost a dollar a piece I expected a little more.  Again the taste is there but delivery and service has fell off. I have gone here since a kid I hope they get back to how they used to be they are losing what made them special.
Got a huge cake for my partners 50th bday. Red velvet cake with butter cream and it was to die for. They did a big photo of him on the cake and it was beautiful. Ingredients tasted of high quality. Only thing is their prices are a bit high. I paid $90 for the cake. But it all got eaten and it was enjoyed.
Very happy with the birthday cake I ordered from Bredenbeck's!  Staff was helpful and easily handled my specific decoration request.  The cake was delicious:  chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream icing.  It was very rich to say the least.  I usually don't care for the 'whipped' frosting you find on store-bought cakes, so the buttercream was a nice change.  Best of all, the birthday boy loved the cake.
I hate Bredenbeck's. I should give this 1 star, now that I really think about it.

It wrecks havoc on my wallet and my belly. They first get you visually. Their little Siren-esque creations lure you from the street with their amazing front window displays and then into the store where you find yourself surrounded by an army of sugary henchmen, all shapes and sizes and colors. These little goodies are waiting for your moment of weakness to pounce.

Once that happens, you have become the fool. You have succumbed to the tasty greatness delivered unto you by their hidden bakery gods. You can only escape by purchasing their wares.

But, once all is said and done, you will be happy and thankful. So go, give in to their confectionary dominance. Let your eyes glaze over (see what I did there?) with delight after eating one of their many delicious trophies. And thus, the 5 stars remain. They always do.
I recently ordered a birthday cake from  Bredenbeck's  which was supposed to be ready at 7:00am. I arrived at 8:00am, thinking the cake would be complete.  It was not ready and I had to wait 20 minutes for them to get the cake ready.  I specifically stated that I only wanted balloons on the cake!  It is presented to me with candy confetti on the cake, definitely not a cake for an adult and it looked like it came from Shoprite or some other supermarket.  When you go to a bakery, you don't want a super market cake.  I had no time to wait for the cake to be fixed.  The clerk stated they could brush the confetti off.  Of course the owner was not there.

I called when the owner was there, she did not want to speak with me and I was told by another associate they would send me a credit for the error.  Never received.

Needless to say I have bought many cakes from this establishment and have not always been happy with the service or the baking.  The cakes are not consistent.  I had never complained after 12 years of patronizing this business.  Needless to say I'm complaining now and they have lost a customer they could have kept if their service was not so poor.  I really would like to give them a zero!

Disgruntled customer
The ice cream in the cone was extremely good, but the cake cone was stale and rancid.  I called to report it and the  person who answered the call tasted one and agreed and said they were stale.   Now I'm worrying whether or not I'll get sick from eating it.  I thought it was some kind of fancy flavoring in the cone, but it was pure horrific stuff.    A place with this reputation and this degree of turnover cannot allow this to happen.   And I wouldn't even been writing if they had said they were sorry.   I hope this doesn't happen to anyone else.   Thanks
We had Bredenbeck's make our wedding cakes (chocolate poundcake and raspberry swirl poundcake) as part of a package with Valley Green Inn. The design and flavor exceeded expectations. The cakes looked and tasted AMAZING! They were so good that, as the married couple, we didn't even get a piece! It was all gone by the time we went to get some. Highly recommended!!! My only complaint (one star off) is that there was not enough of it! We had a party of about 70 adults and it maybe fed 50 people (with relatively small sized pieces). The wedding cake boxes turned out to be a waste of money.
I purchased a rustic naked cake for my friend's bridal shower this past weekend and couldn't have been happier with the result. First of all--ridiculously adorable location on the main strip in Chestnut Hill. The store can't hold more than 10 patrons packed closely together but it's lined with cases of the MOST delicious looking cupcakes, cookies, pastries, and pies imaginable. I should have bought everything there.

The main reason I ordered the cake from here was because it was one of the only places in the area that would take my order and turn it around in less than two weeks. They knew exactly what I wanted and produced a cake for 15 people, two tiers with vanilla and raspberry filling. They told me to buy my own berries to garnish the cake and gave me two extra bags of icing to do extra piping the day of. All of it came to $111 and took 10 minutes to pick up.

Everyone loved the cake-tasted like a pound cake and the filling was so perfect. My friend had a similar experience with her wedding cake-perfect experience. Can't wait to come back here and pick up some cupcakes!!
I ordered a cake and cupcakes for my baby shower and I was absolutely blown away by how gorgeous they turned out! To start from the beginning, I ordered my cake and cupcakes form Bredenbeck's two weeks in advanced as per advice on their FAQ page. I inquired via email and Emily was gracious enough to respond very quickly. From then on I worked with her in regards to the flavors and what cake would work best for the design I want. I also sent them a Pinterest picture of the cake I wanted and my cake ended being even more beautiful than the picture is sent them!!! And the cupcakes were just as beautiful! They made sure it matched my cake perfectly. Not only are they aesthetically pleasing to the eye but also to the palette! So delicious! I am sooooo happy and impressed. All the guests at my shower were so impressed by the cake and cupcakes! Will never go to any other bakery for my cakes. Thank so much!
I like this cute little shop.  Stopped in the other day for a hot fudge sundae. I am lactose intolerant, but I am able to eat small amounts and be ok.  I asked the girl at the counter for the smallest size they serve. That ended up being a little less than a scoop, and I was fine with that.  My sundae was very good. 

My fiance ordered a Brecken Schmecken... which is actually what I should have had. This was kind of like a caramel sundae with pieces of a soft, cinnamon sugar cookie inside.  Yummy.
To say I'm dissatisfied with Bredenbecks would be kind! I am really really p.o. At them..they ruined what would have been the perfect Wedding day for my daughter! The cake we got was absolutely not the cake we discussed! We showed her pictures went over what was important in the picture and what wasn't..when my daughter walked into the room of her reception the first thing she said was "where is the cake."having already seen it I was reluctant to show her..when she saw it her face fell said "that's  not my cake is this a joke it looks like a baby shower cake" make them get it out of here!" which they promptly did! I spoke to people at the bakery and they came up with different excuses..they told me it took 8 hours to make a decoration on the cake .. I told them she told you don't worry about the decoration the shape was what was important! What we got was a plain layer cake with a few flowers on it. What makes it worse was we went to several bakeries before them who were sure they could recreate the cake in our photo, but my daughter liked the woman so much at Bredenbecks we went with them! Totally messed up! We had no special cake cutting. She was so excited to see the cake and soooo disappointed when she saw it..I felt so bad for her! Needless to say the whole thing has left me furious with this place!!! Really no stars but they made me give one!!!
Yesterday we were hosting my best friend and her husband (new yorkers) for dinner. I had been planning on baking an apple pie all day, and despite the "extra hour" b/c of daylight savings ... the day still seemed to slip away from me.  At around 5:30 I realized that slicing apples and adding the spices just wasn't in the works, sooooo I hopped in my car in pursuit of something sweet, tasty and croon-worthy.  

To be honest, I was heading to Cake, but didn't realize that they weren't open for dinner on Sundays.  I was just getting to the point of desperation, when I noticed a customer prancing out of Bredenbeck's w/ baked goods in hand!  Perfect!!! I popped in and grabbed a strawberry shortcake square, a slice of the chocolate cheesecake and a chocolate / peanut butter cupcake!  At just over $11, it was totally worth it.  Everyone enjoyed the array of desserts... So next time I don't feel like playing Martha Stewart, I will definitely pay Bredenbeck's Bakery another visit ...
The cake I ordered was not the cake I received. I was upset, and told Owner but she dismissed my concerns and seemed to care less.
Walked up to Brendenbeck's after dinner at a friends. This place is small, but packed with yum-o-ness!  Loved the Margarita cupcakes, as well as the red velvet cupcakes. There is also a ice cream shoppe next door to it, that I believe is also  brendenbeck 's that has some jammin good sundaes!  I am constantly bugging my friend who lives in Chestnut Hill to bring me cupcakes when he comes to visit my husband.  I am glad in a way I live a distance from Chestnut Hill, for fear of becoming a daily patron. Just sayin'
At the very last minute, my boyfriend made it known that he wanted a cake for his birthday. There was a catch, though: it would have to be a sugar-free cake. I was familiar with Bredenbecks in passing, but had never gone myself. I called and found that they would be able to accommodate my last-minute request in a 48-hour window. -- and on a holiday weekend, at that. They were super friendly and took special care to ask if there were any personalized details I wanted to add. 

I've never had a sugar-free cake before (I didn't even know they existed), but just tried a tiny piece and I swear I wouldn't have known the difference. Amazing service, quality product. Will definitely return!
Hi my name is Bobbie, in 2005 I adopted my 5 foster daughters and my family was having a welcome to the family bowling party at Erie Bowling and I was getting the cake and you donated the cake to my daughters to welcome them to the family. I have been ordering from Bredenbeck's every since I was a little girl, my mother always ordered from breadback's when my son Chris was little I ordered from bredenbecks and I still do. I just wanted to say THANK YOU FOR MAKING MY DAUGHTERS FEEL WELCOME and making their transition easy.  Thank You!!!!!!!!

Bobbie
(Chris's Mom)
Sitting at work planning a surprise dinner for my mom who happens to be a big time Mahjong player and it dawned on me, why not get a cake in the tradition of her favorite game? I ask around and the response was the same: BREDENBECK'S. They made an amazing Almond pound cake in the shape of a Mahjong tile!!!! It was delicious! Gone in one day! Thank you Bredenbeck's
The strawberry shortcake was delicious a bit pricey but good. We saw the show sinful sweets and since we were driving down to philly, we figure we make a pit stop to get cake for the kids and adults. I checked in on the yelp app, got a free chocolate cup cake!
Nice little shop in German town
Forget those fancy South Philly bakeries!  Bredenbecks products are just as good!  

Got a cake from Bredenbecks for my nieces 1st birthday party.  We expected something nice, but what we got was extraordinary.  They were more than happy to coordinate the cake colors with the color scheme of her party.  

Everyone at the party commented on how beautiful it was.  And then, when we finally cut and served it, people couldn't stop talking about how delicious it was.  The cake was soft and buttery.  The icing wasn't overly sweet and fake, like some supermarket cakes.

We'll be using Bredenbecks for all our pastry needs!
super crowded saturday night ...line out the door of the tiny place.

we were in line with the rest of the population for ice cream.  it was really good.  

it was unclear whether they took credit/debit as there was no signage as to yay or nay.  we went to pay with debit and they brought out an abacus.  its not a deal breaker but a smart phone and square is far more efficient and shows you're interested in joining the 21st century.

prob would opt out next walk-by...
