When the winter months set in, my cravings for hot chocolate begin to skyrocket. After attending a Sixers game one cold night a few weeks ago, we decided to hit Broad Street Diner after the game. We sat at the counter and I had hot chocolate with whipped cream while my husband had a black and white milkshake. Both hit the spot, and the milkshake was huge. 

Our server was sweet and overall the experience was good. This may become a tradition for post-game celebrations!
I'd like to preface this by stating that I eat at diners all over the city on almost a daily basis. I love diners, I love diner food, I am by no means a difficult customer to please. 

My experience at the Broad Street Diner was TERRIBLE. I wish I could give 0 stars, and take away stars that  other people gave. 

Service was at a snails pace for a small simple order, in a virtually empty diner. I ordered a chicken parm sandwich, and amazingly, one side of the roll was burned while another side was soggy. Inedible. 

When I expressed this to the waiter he provided a new roll that was hard as a rock. Still inedible. 

When I explained this to the manager, I believe his name was Rick, he made no effort to compensate or resolve the issue. His tone and demeanor was condescending and rude. I have never in my life been so displeased and aggravated by a meal in my life. I will no longer eat at Broad Street Diner or Melrose or whatever other dumps are owned by these people. Horrific. Worst experience at a diner of my life. Without a doubt.
So, so sad. My husband I were anxiously awaiting the re-opening of The Broad Street Diner, as were many of our neighbors clearly, since the place was pretty full. The sign outside worried me a little, because its very tacky, but I wanted to like this place- since it's so close to home! We were so let down. The Broad Street Diner, now owned by Michael's Family Restaurants (Same people who own Melrose), is all show and nothing else. We ordered off the somewhat large menu, I ordered the Chicken Tender Platter (not the most outrageous choice, i know, but I was not feeling risky. I just wanted something reliable) and my husband ordered the Rueben. My platter (listed as $11.99 on the menu) came with honey mustard dressing, two sides, a soup or salad and roll and butter. Well, the menu said it came with all that, but it actually didn't. I asked for fries as my side, again, I wasn't feeling risky, just wanted some comfort food, and French Onion Soup. The soup was actually pretty good, just incredibly salty. It also came out with the food, which is really annoying to me. If you serve an appetizer with a meal, please bring it out beforehand. It sucks to have to eat your appetizer, while your food sits there getting cold. The chicken tender platter was very small, almost comparable to a kids meal. There were about 10 french fries on my plate. When the food arrived, both my husband and I sighed in disappointment. When you go to a diner, you expect heaping amounts of food, enough to take some home with you. At least I do when paying $11.99 for chicken tenders. There was no honey mustard, roll or butter with the platter. My husbands Rueben was 1/5 of the size of a usual Rueban at other places around the city. Even Jones serves a bigger Rueben. We never got a refill on drinks, and when the bill came, my platter turned out to be $13.99. The facade of the restaurant is very nice, but after the meal we just felt robbed. I think this establishment puts more into it's looks than it does it's food. It feels greedy.
First off, this review is 5 years late. But I just remembered I meant to do this way back then because my friends and I were blown away by this place's friendly local staff - especially Donna!! (I hope you check Yelp a lot, Donna. Sorry I'm late.)

Food was exactly what you'd expect from a late night diner when you need a bite at 3am after a night fueled by merriment and definitely no alcohol. Yep.

Service was awesome - friendly, local Philly folk doing their thing. Humorous and efficient, no BS but there to serve you that 2nd or 20th plate of hash brown at 3am (in my case, it was the latter).

Donna and Broad Street Diner, I've been away for so long!!! But I'll be back!!!
I waited for Broad Street Diner to open for months.  Its location is incredible, and is extraordinarily convenient for an early Sunday hangover brunch.  Well, I ate there today and it was...horrible.  The waitress started our meal from hell by spilling coffee on my friend. Granted, it was a quarter of a cup, and we willingly forgave her mishap.  We both ordered scrambled eggs, hash browns and bacon--pretty hard to mess up.  They did. The eggs were the consistency of wet pudding, the hash browns fresh out of the freezer, and the bacon, pure fat.  Even worse, the plates were overpriced by at least 4 dollars.  Will I go back? Not until they get their act together.
I have eaten here a few times. Everything my co-workers and I have has been good. I work to far away to scoot over for lunch often, but when I am in the area, I stop in.. always clean, and you get greeted by the waitress's "hi hun" HEY IT'S A DINER !! basic good diner food. Blue collar food. I have always found the service to be good. Food is good, AND the french fries were the best I've had in yrs. They must prepare them from the good old potato, not frozen.. Pork roll with cheese sandwich was great, co-worker had a philly cheese-steak and he said it was great.... and prices are reasonable. small quaint clean accessible diner one block south of Broad and Washington On eastern side of Broad street. 

As for the criticism of waitresses, Have you ever tried to waitress? It's a hard demanding job, A waitress has to depend on the cooks to get things right, they have to put up with rude demanding people, who talk on cell phones while ordering, TRY IT before you complain. and I like people who judge a place by it's decor, YOU CAN"T EAT THE WALLS :)

give this diner a shot, good basic diner food...
Apparently Philly places don't answer their phones... I'm not going all the way there to find they're closed
Let's face it, negative reviews are often more fun to read, but going to the Broad Street Diner is not.  The value is good, food isn't bad, but the service is maddening in a way that I-don't-need-this-kind-of-stress, especially first think in the morning.  I could see if it were busy, but there have been times the place is dead, but they still ignore you while talking among themselves.  When it is time to pay, you can't find your waitress with a GPS system and a Geiger counter.
If you complain, they are disingenuously nice, then go back to ignore mode.  I give up!
I'm sorry but really only deserves one star. 

Went here with two friends on a Friday night (more like Saturday morning) and it was a disaster. We were sat pretty fast In a tight booth. The place was really loud for the time we got there. Our waitress was peppy but annoying. My friend and I ordered grilled cheese with fries and my bf ordered fries with gravy and mozzarella on them (disco fries for the New Jersey people).
Now I have been to a lot of diners. I've been to some of the best in the country (or in nj cause they're everywhere in nj). The food took an hour to come out. AN HOUR. Not 45 minutes, an hour. The grilled cheese wasn't even cooked. It was bread with three slices of Kraft looking cheese on it. I ordered mine on rye and it was on white bread when it came out. The fries were just normal but portioned poorly. My bf's fries had such little cheese on them and the gravy was on the side. It also took an additional twenty minutes to get utensils (which were plastic) and honey mustard - which we asked a different waitress to get. 

Out waitress must have come over to our table 5 times within the hour saying sorry about our order.

We didn't even order anything special. 

When we were done our waitress talked smack about the place and said to give her the tip right in her hands and not on the table cause someone may take it??? Ok... 

We didn't tip her anyway cause it was terrible and she really didn't do anything but badger us for an hour and then disappeared for another. 

I'll never go back here again. Was looking for a diner to replace my home diner in nj but this isn't the one. I recommend going to McDonald's over this (surprisingly the mess up less). 

Sorry but it's the diner's fault not mine.
If you're in need of a restroom late at night anywhere south of South Street and west of Broad, it's important to know about this establishment!

My brief experience at the diner last night was so positive that it merits a review. The short version of the story is simply that the delightfully friendly hostess (I wish I remembered her name) let me leave with a free coffee and twice complimented me on my smile. And most importantly, I was able to make use of the diner's restroom -- the only one I could find in any open establishment for a stretch of a few miles at 1:40am. 

Details:  I'm a vegan and there's basically nothing on the menu that suits my dietary restrictions. And when I came in at about 1:40am, I wasn't even interested in ordering anything--I simply needed a restroom!! I drive for Uber. I had just dropped off some passengers deep down in the southwest corner of South Philly and was very much in need of a "rest stop" after a long Uber Pool. I stopped at a 7-11 and about 3 different gas stations as I made my way back up towards Center City looking for a place that had a public restroom--with no opposition to making a purchase at the establishment in order to qualify for possible "for customers only" restrictions. But I had no success -- to my severe dismay, nothing that was open at 1:30am on a Saturday night for a stretch of a few miles had a restroom available to me. When I came to the Broad Street Diner, I was thrilled to see space in its parking lot. I was seated quickly after the very sweet greeting from the hostess and then made use of the restroom. When I returned to my booth, I ordered a coffee to go and the server said I could pay up front. When the hostess saw that I had only ordered a coffee, she waved me off, assuring me it was fine for me to enjoy my cup "on the house." I thanked her and said I'd put in a good word for the diner. So, here it is -- friendly staf, excellent customer service, a clean restroom -- in a location with few other late-night options (at least if coming from the southwest) -- and great-tasting coffee, too!
Sorry to see that others have had bad experiences at the Broad Street Diner.  I too live just around the corner and have visited twice--most recently on 1/14/2012, once for lunch and once for breakfast.  Both experiences were fine and no issues with service.

My experience with the food here is that has been fine, nothing special.  My one "complaint" is that the fries are clearly frozen "crinkle" fries....kind of a letdown at a diner.

As for the reviewer who commented that Broad Street was sellling Melrose Diner cookies....well, yeah.  They are under the same ownership and the Melrose baked goods have a great rep.  What's the issue?  I was glad to see it...saves me a trip down Broad Street.

Not a culinary destinaton but decent enough for a basic lunch or breakfast.  

Yes, there is a parking lot but it is tiny--probably why Stephen Starr passed on the place. Broad St line to Ellsworth-Federal is a better bet.
Are you serious? It's closed? I used to live 2 blocks away when I was a senior in high school!! Loved its seedy, creepy quality. I actually thought the food was good - this is a diner...a diner in Philly...you have to put it in perspective. The food is fried, deep fried, grilled or...probably dropped on the floor and put on the plate. Ofcourse there's roaches, it's a diner!!! They had the best milk shakes! Their fries were fantastic. The waitresses only looked at the guys when they took orders. They also flirted with your boyfriend or brother or dad right in front of you (did to mine) and talked with that raspy-throat cancer voice while bending over a lot during the "service". They don't remember your drink if you're a girl, but they do remember the check. It was a classic. 
I'm really amused by the cops having to be there. I hadn't seen nearly as much drama go down here as at the Melrose as a kid, but the City has changed and so have the kids. Plus, the Melrose waitresses would probably pull out an oozy on that ass...no joke....they don't need cops. Are you serious, the Broad St. diner got bullet proof glass? hahahaha! that is hysterical. Wow. i REALLY wish is wasn't closed. Maybe they are renovating.....
It's only a diner if they call you "hun" or "babe"...and they do here. And it always makes me blush like, "Awww shucks." I love it. And I know they do it to everyone (I have a feeling if I was a dude I would fall for the sweet stripper routine too...I'm an idiot. lol).

Other than friendly and courteous service, the food is solid. It's diner food. You're not getting a 5-star meal but you're filling your belly with breakfast combos that somehow manage to come with eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, tons of toast, and a thimble of orange juice for $6. So you'll be full, content and not broke. On top of that- it's actually clean (unlike some other local diners). 

They're open 24 hours, but I've never been late night. I'm sure it's quite the crowd.
Broad Street Diner is  a no-frills sort of place, and it's a gem when you're looking for a traditional breakfast of eggs, meat, potatoes, and toast. The best part is it's pretty quiet in the standard weekend brunch hours. Since the diner is open 24/7, it seems they have larger crowds post-bar time. 

For a group of 7, around 11am on a Sunday, we were seated immediately. Our server was attentive and kind, and the kitchen was quick. The price is right. For our entire group to have generously portioned breakfast, our total was under $70 which is quite a steal.

Next time, I hope to try something a little more adventurous so I can get a better feel for the kitchen team's ability. They definitely know how to cook a good, standard breakfast; however, and that's what will keep me coming back!
Had breakfast for dinner here tonight and it was as perfect as it could be. The hash browns were the real shredded type, pancakes were done to perfection. Service was attentive and parking is plentiful in lot in front of diner as well as on Broad St. They are owned by the same owners as the Melrose Diner. Enjoy!
Broad Street Diner is a great antidote to the 21st Century Brunch takeover lampooned well on the television show, Portlandia. If you have ever been to Morning Glory, Honey's Sit-N-Eat, Green Eggs, Sabrina's or any of the MANY other brunch establishments in the city, you know what I am talking about, when I mention this.

This place is an old time diner owned by the same people that run the Melrose Diner a few blocks away. The menu is classic diner fare. Not many frills, but that's not why you go to a diner. The prices are reasonable and the food is delicious. The servers are always ready to come by and top off drinks.

For those times when you want pancakes but don't want to wait for two hours outside a restaurant, the Broad Street Diner is perfect. The patty melt at lunch is pretty good too.
People gotta give this place a break- they haven't been open more than a month and the food is definitely diner food. However, I found the ambiance to be just fine for a diner. The staff was really friendly and excited to be working. It felt lively and festive. Plus, this neighborhood needs a place like this to keep the area active and vital. With a rash of crimes in the area, the more foot traffic, the better. Sure it's diner food, but everything has its place.
Unfortunately this place is now really slept to a distant last place in the local diners. The place was never great... But unfortunately it's quickly descending into the unacceptable mode. Food simply is not good. The wait staff is all perfectly niceBut unfortunately there's nothing they can do to make up for the disaster that's going on in the kitchen.
One of the hostesses/managers at BSD has totally ruined it for me and my family to go there. On two separate occasions "Roxy" has been surly and out of line in her treatment of customers. The most recent was especially ridiculous and I will not go back. 
I was there for breakfast, ordered sliced tomatoes instead of hash browns. When the waitress brought my plate I realized that they had forgotten the tomato and gave me the hash browns. No big deal...the waitress kindly recognized the error and said she would bring the tomatoes. Next thing you know, she comes over to the table with an empty plate and, embarrassed, says we need to scrape the hash browns of the plate before they can swap the tomatoes. I couldn't believe it! I respectfully refused and asked our waitress to send over the manager. 
This manager was smug, arrogant and provided the WORST customer service I can remember. I explained how unprofessional, and insulting this was - the implication was that I was trying to cheat them out of a plate of sliced tomatoes! Her attitude never changed. She is not doing this establishment any favors!

Anyway, I know it might not seem like a big deal, but she is always really arrogant and unhelpful (we have gone there a lot since we live nearby.) In fact, other people in the diner expressed that they had experienced her arrogance before as well.

My advice...go ANYWHERE else as long as the Broad Street Diner is run that way. You'll get WAY better customer service at McDonalds!
Our waitress, Jennifer, was excellent though, FYI.
So, I love the BSD. I don't get what other folk don't like about it. It's a diner, for God's sake - and it is an amazing one to boot, probably my favorite in the city. I've never had a bad experience here.

I come in, the waitresses are so sweet (and usually overworked) - I order SOS, and I am in heaven. It is perfect for those hungover mornings, those exhausted, still half-drunk late nights, or even, just the Sunday morning when I haven't been able to get out to the burbs to visit my family in ages and want a sweet mom-type woman to bring me a hot plate of deliciousness for breakfast.
Sooooooo how long was this place closed?? I don't know.. Can't remember. But I do recall passing by the empty shell of a joint for quite a few years.  
Stopped by here last week after quite a few SPECIALS from Bob and Barbaras down on South Street. We didn't feel like a fancy schmancy meal or anything.. And didn't feel like driving anywhere else so Broad St Diner it is . 
. Now my usual Diner rule is :::Breakfast and Sandwiches only.  Lol.. At most diners, that's what I stick to.  I don't expect to be wow'd, but when it does happen, great.  This evening, I didn't want breakfast or a sandwich.. What to do.. What to do?!?  I scanned the menu and saw Chicken Marsala. Came with bread, salad and two sides. Okay then . I placed my order and it arrives in less than ten minutes. Awesome because I'm about to chew my arm off! 

Plate arrives nice and hot.  I got the mashed potatoes and fried eggplant.  Ate my salad and commenced to eating.  Would I compare this to an Italian place? Absolutely not.  But this was really good. And it didn't taste like the usual "everything sauce" they use at every diner to mask bad tastes .  The chicken was cooked perfectly, not rubbery or dry.  Sauce was rich and flavorful. Mashed potatoes were actually potatoes and not the boxed ones.  Yay! I was too stuffed for the fried eggplant. Ate it a little later on in the evening. It was still super crispy, just needed a little salt.  I'll be back.
Your typical post-night-out diner. The food is mediocre and the service is sarcastic, perfect for the drunken crowd. 

I came here and my my friend told me to get the scrapple. I will probably never eat scrapple again in my life. The other stuff wasn't bad, I mean I don't really know how to review chicken tenders and fries that taste like cafeteria food, but I don't expect much more from a diner. 

It's real quiet in here... like people were falling asleep on their food
I have never been to a restaurant or diner with such bad service. The hostess at the front was extremely unpleasant and flat out rude. Honestly, I don't really make it a point to write many bad reviews but this isn't a place I'd go back to. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes and they weren't actually too bad which is why I'm gave it two stars, but just expect to be treated poorly. I don't recommend dining here. But if you decide to, I hope you have a different experience then I had.
This diner is pretty "okay". I was delighted by the brightness and cleanliness of it after the remodeling - but it still has the old charm on the outside! 

There is a very large selection on the menu... whether you're in the mood for breakfast, a salad, sandwich, or a full-on dinner entree, they've got you covered. I had a spinach and chicken salad, which was decent and filling. It was just the healthy option that I wanted, too. 

The service staff seemed to be pretty bored, as there was practically nobody in the restaurant besides my table. The nice, elderly waitress ended up chatting our ear off for about 10 minutes, but we didn't mind.

Maybe I should try this place again for a Sunday morning brunch sometime.
Well I expected more from the Broad Street Diner - a lot more.  My first time eating there was not memorable.  Mainly because the service was very poor.  We had a waitress who took her time, delivered mixed-up orders, never checked back to see if we needed anything (which I did), and never refilled water glasses.  And the food was average at best.  The house salad had little taste - primarily due to the bland blue cheese dressing.  The pork roll sandwich with cheese and egg was decent enough except for the fact that on the menu it was supposed to come with french fries and cole slaw.  Instead what I got was a pile of the shredded type of home fries which was totally without crunch or flavor.  The waitress couldn't be found to change to the right order so I just let it go.  When I heard another table near to us complain that they too didn't get french fries with their sandwich, I finally got the attention of the waitress who still took almost 10 minutes to come to our booth to tell her the same thing had happened to me. She told me the home fries I was served are what come with my order.  Well not according to the menu!  None of these errors were the result of being busy. There were only four tables occupied in the whole place.  In the land of great diners, this one does not stand out.
Hubby and I went here for a late morning breakfast following a doctor's appointment. Since I had been up since 9:00 am, I was starving by the time we got here around 12 noon. Hubby had scrambled eggs, hash browns and rye toast. I had the same, plus bacon and decaf coffee. Hubby likes his eggs on the wet side while I prefer mine dry, very dry. Both orders were perfection. I got four nice slices of bacon that were also done perfectly. I think the bacon was Oscar Meyer - it was THAT good. The rye toast was just right...not burnt and not too light. I thought the hash browns were great, but hubby prefers his in slices or chunks. However, that doesnt take away from how tasty they were. The decaf didn't taste like it was from the bottom of the pot, for a change. In short, or long as the case may be (LOL), both our breakfasts were terrific! If I have any complaint at all, it's that there are not enough tables, and the booths are somewhat tight for those of a larger girth. Not that I fit that description! Hubby is another story though. 

Now that the diner has been refurbished, it has a very nice look to it. And clean? I swear you could eat off the floors! I used the restroom and that too was sparkly clean.

Will we go back? You can bet your ass we will!
Never in my life have I had a manger call me a faggot and I'm going to die with AIDS in front of staff and costumes. She had the audacity to talk with a customer about the most vulgar topics possible. I wanted to ignore the fact that this is typical behavior from a diner, but I couldn't  even finish my appetizer. I had my entree wrapped and wanted to leave as soon as possible. Left the waitress 20 percent because it had nothing to do with her. I left a note for the server to give to the manager and I called 10 minutes later to make sure she received it. She told me"To come into the diner and say it to her f****** face". I absolutely came back and confronted her about her behavior. There was nothing but pure trash coming out of her mouth. She better be fired because the LGBT community is already scheduling a protest outside the establishment. Oh, and one more thing. She thinks she can get away with anything because she has been working their for five years. Some manger for your company. If the owner or a established well educated manager wants to talk to me here's my number. 856-813-6658 My lesson for the evening- Never go to Broad Street Diner!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dined in- 9/13/16. Night Manager. Chunkier, with long brown hair.
Very solid diner, with good food at whatever time you come by. The menu is pretty extensive and they have options for the whole family. I came for breakfast, and i tried the scrapple, which is pretty good! The prices are pretty much the average diner prices, I paid $10 for breakfast and coffee- eggs, scrapple, hash browns and toast. The service is pretty good too, but the wait time from the kitchen is a little while. I asked them to add the scrapple to my meal after the order had been placed, maybe thats what took a little extra time. 

The space is pretty large, could fit about 30 parties and there are some regulars as well. A guy came in with his kid and all the waitstaff knew him, came over to say hi and chat a little. Definitely friendly and helpful. Place was clean too and bathrooms were great.
This place is nasty.  I ate here with some friends at a table near where the waitresses hung out to do prep work.  All 6 of the dishes we ordered were bland and not fresh.  The sandwiches were dry, and so was the waitresses attitude.  The worst part was when the waitresses were wrapping silverware in napkins and talking loudly about their personal matters.  One of them dropped a fork and then picked it up to continue wrapping it up without hesitation.  They even had a child helping them who was walking around with the cutlery before bundling it.
For some reason I thought it would be ok to return to this place big mistake, the service was far from friendly and the food hmmmm not to be desired. I tend to keep it basic at diner eggs over medium toast and turkey sausage, simple right?
The only reason I gave Broad Street Diner a 2 is because the food is always good. Can't say the same for customer service however. We decided to take my son out for a 2nd birthday breakfast and chose Broad Street because last time we were there the service was great. We had the same waitress this time, but the service was very different. When we first walked in, they didn't offer us a booster seat so my husband had to go back and get one. No crayons either. They always give us crayons and coloring page for him. I might be being a little critical with the no crayons, but wait there's more. While eating our breakfast one of their regulars came in and sat at a table across from ours. There were other patrons sitting at nearby tables as well. We all watched as our waitress and another waitress sat together and talked to this man over the course of 30 minutes! Our waitress barely looked at us. It's not just that they were talking. They were cursing and discussing medical procedures they had had done and infections. Just what I want with my breakfast, a side of infection discussion. Disgusting and very inappropriate for a restaurant. I'm so disappointed that this was the place we took our son for his birthday breakfast. At least the food was good, even though the waitresses caused me to lose my appetite.
I'm a Jersey Girl at heart, so of course, I love me a good diner. BSD has a nice menu. Fries are delish, so are the wraps. My friend loved her huge omelet. Staff is on top of things most of the time. Fast service. Small parking lot is always nice.
Perhaps the chef's tasting menu of my recent memory did it, or the looming adventure planned of gluttony in the Caribbean, but the diner's experience just didn't stimulate or excite me in any great way. 

"No zazz," my friend mutters as we walk out. I agree, my silence echoing louder to him than the toilet later that night. A toothpick drops from my lips, soaked in the wet perversion of this dark city. Whats 2.95 besides the hot bowl sitting in front of me? Shame, self loathing, a shattered mirror in the cold of night. Great service, though!
This is probably the worst diner around. The food is diner food, so it isn't horrible...but the service. The service is awful. The waitstaff are inattentive and most seem like they are on drugs. It takes someone 10 minutes to come over and take your order. The staff talk with each other and ignore the customers. They also must be ghosts because they are usually not seen. We only come here when we don't feel like cooking and want to be aggravated. The staff is unprofessional and could use a good manager. I guess the owner doesn't care because no changes have been made since the place opened.
It's so hard to find great diners in Philadelphia.  I grew up on Long Island where there was a major awesome diner in every town.  This one is promising.  My Rueben was delicious and my milkshake super chocolatey, but the "service" here is pretty goofy.  It's silly to assume that people are ready to order within the first minute of sitting down.  My server was kind of out of it and partook in a major no no.  My girlfriend and I came in after a fun night with friends for some food.  The last thing you want is your server making rude comments to you about your state of soberness. It's a 24 hour diner and honestly what do you expect?!  It'll happen.  He apologized and then forgot to order my sandwich.  I work in the service industry. I get it . It happens. I watched him put my order into the computer and then come tell me it was the kitchens fault.  Pretty lame.  It takes just as much work to be a good server as it does to be a bad one.  I probably would have enjoyed myself a little more if I hadn't been insulted by a member of the establishment.
The hubby and I went here and I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. It's very reminiscent of the Melrose Diner. We both had waffles and I got mine with fresh strawberries. Everything was good and we'll be back to try the other menu offerings. Prices weren't bad and service was good.
I've been to the Broad Street Diner a few times, and I need to go back even more!  The service and food is great, and the prices very reasonable.  I'm glad they've re-opened.
After a party, drunk on whisky and good times, we craved food after midnight. Somebody suggested the melrose, but I pointed out that Broad street was closer.

They did a pretty good job cleaning this place up. It's bright and clean, almost incongruous with the diner vibe they're cultivating. But the booths are tight and the waitresses will "hon" you all night, so it still works.

I was tempted to order "the usual", but then I don't go there that often, so I laid it out: 2 eggs over easy, corned beef hash, rye toast. The 1AM breakfast of champions. I got exactly what I expected, except the plate of hash was a bit less of a portion than I would have wanted.

And I did not order coffee, reminding me that i'm getting old and can't just mainline caffeine without feeling it anymore.
I really love going to the Broad St Diner since they've re-opened. It used to be somewhat of a dump back in the day, but it's definitely changed since the makeover! I go at least once every couple weeks (during the week around 8 AM before work), and the staff is always very friendly and quick. It's never chaotic or crowded either, which adds to the relaxing ambiance. The food is a good deal for the money and it's always a nice way to start the work day. Some of the nicest servers I've experienced at a diner in a LONG time :)
Perhaps the cleanest diner I've ever been in, I was caught off guard when I ate here the other day. I came here right after a football game-my cleats still on and my clothes completely covered in dirt. I never felt underdressed for a 24 hour diner until that moment. Dare I say that the Broad Street Diner looked classy.

The food was still diner quality food, with cheap fried food, but I was surprised again to see healthier options. I ultimately ignored those options, but it was nice to know that they were there.  I ordered the chicken parmesan sandwich, and unlike some of the previous reviews where their sandwich was served burt, mine turned out okay. Just okay. The chicken was thin and slightly overcooked, but I've definitely had worse.

When it came to service, I had quite the opposite experience compared to previous reviews.. The waitress was very friendly, and she was attentive to her customers. Granted, I found out later that she just started working there, but sometimes all a business needs is a little fresh air. I'll stop by again if the mood strikes again.
Yep I do, I always plan on being in this area while working around noon. This place is clean (bathroom spotless, except for the morons who had to add their artwork to its partitions) Friendly help, good food, is what makes this place a place you want to return to. 

I will be back
This was my first time back to the Broad Street Diner in two years. I was actually a bit stunned when I first walked through the doors because I had remembered the space being so much more magical and full of light. Maybe it was the fact that at the time it was past midnight and my partner revered it for being one of the only diners in Philly open that late.
Fast forward to five years later when I brought my Dad there on one random day when we had nothing better to do than sit at a diner and put off the dramas and crises that regularly haunted our daily days. Long story short I got a mushroom omelet (just get the omelet right?) and he a ham and cheese melt with cream of chicken soup.
Honestly, not a fan of any of our menu items. The ham and cheese sandwich appeared to be made with sub standard deli meat and it was almost greenish in color. The soup was actually really thick and had a consistency more of soggy grits than any sort of soup I would like. 
The omelet was a disaster. Super weird. Seriously overdone and fishy. The hash browns that came with it even worse and were like a huge soggy mash. 
Our server was very nice and it was a mellow Sunday afternoon but I'm sorry Broad Street Diner, that was one of the worst meals I've ever had.
I was very excited to see how they turned around a diner that was in need of some changes. Unfortunately it has changed in the wrong way. I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato figuring it's a diner staple and is something they can't mess up. After two waitresses taking my order and neither one figuring that it would make sense to move the silver wear tray out of my way, my awful food arrived. There were 10 lukewarm fries (yes I counted with both hands) on my plate next to a grilled cheese that had a soggy cooked tomato inside of it. Worst grilled cheese I've ever had, if I wasn't hungry and on my lunch break from work, I would have gladly sent the food back and left immediately. 
I was hoping to make this a usual stop but will make sure to skip it in the future.
My husband and I have long awaited the new Broad Street Diner and were planning on making it a weekly habit. Unfortunately, the new Broad Street Diner is only slightly better than the old one, which is really not saying much. 

The service was terrible. We waited for ten minutes only to be ignored by at least a half dozen servers. The group of old school South Philly gentleman who came in several minutes after us were served before us and given the red carpet treatment while we were ignored. Our food took a really long time to come out. Then we were overcharged by the server who charged us for two separate breakfasts instead of the combo we had asked for. 

Our food was decent but definitely not worth the price or the terrible service. For a steep $27 for two breakfasts, you can go to any number of good local pubs like the Pope, South Philly Tap Room or the Royal for a breakfast that blows this out of the water. 

The new Broad Street Diner is especially disappointing because we have frequented many of the other diners in the suburbs that are owned by the same company. They have always had decent food and good service. I guess the curse of the crappy diner at Broad and Ellsworth continues...
This is your 100% average Philly diner. I'd give it an extra half point if I could for being up all night, and the location near Boot & Saddle.

The staff are nice but might take a little while to take your order. That's fine, because if they're not filled your food comes out super quick. I'd stay away from the mozzarella sticks but the fries are pretty solid. The rest of the entrees are exactly what you'd expect from diner food.
Service gets a 4 stars, server was very friendly and knowledgable and even tried to save us money by having us order our large and confusing breakfast order in a different sorta way..... (like "get the extra side of eggs with the pancake order, it'll be cheaper that way") Food was good, not fantastic... but def a decent diner. Went here after a night out with outoftowners, and they also enjoyed it.
I've only been here once since they reopened. The interior is a lot better since I last remember but that was years ago. The waitress was nice enough and the service was very good. The food was also decent. There was no flavor as it seems they do not season it which is OK if you want to add your own salt & pepper. But the place isn't horrible. The ladies room wasn't too bad, either. This would be my last option seeing that I think Melrose, Penrose and Oregon are all much better.
This diner has been closed for a while. I live right near it.

The problem is that the parking lot is fast becoming a trash dump and public toilet. 

The owners still own it and they have the responsibility of at least trying to keep the property somewhat clean.

If anyone has the owners' contact information, please send it to me via Yelp.
Horrible food and even worse service. You can't order a simple roast beef sandwich after 9pm? The burgers are fried and the worst in the city.
The food is god awful, go anywhere else!
Best located diner in Philadelphia. It's on the Broad Street subway line just two stops from Center City, and at the gateway of South Philadelphia's favorite CC-adjacent neighborhoods: Passyunk Square and Point Breeze. The staff is super friendly amd the food is okay. One tip, the hash browns are usually only cooked on one side, so it doesn't hurt to ask for them to hit both sides when you order breakfast.
This is the worst meal I've had in Philly so far. 

I went on a Saturday evening and ordered a BLT, and the fries that came with it were cold and rubbery. The place was just about empty too, so it's not like there was any way the food got lost in a chaotic kitchen, it's pretty obvious they just have some fries sitting around waiting for a dish that has them as a side. There was absolutely no reason a diner that was this calm shouldn't have been able to serve decent fries.

The BLT itself wasn't very good either.
We went there this past Sunday for the first time and I had french toast with bacon. It was very good and our server Jessica was excellant! I didn't like the hostess. She kept on starring at me up and down like her shit doesn't stink, and was giving me dirty looks the whole time.Probably jealous! She just made me feel uncomfortable. If they get rid of her I would go back, until then sorry!
Ive had breakfast at this diner twice now and have had a great experience each time. 

The coffee was good and the servers did a great job of keeping our mugs full during breakfast. 

The food is your typical diner brunch food - nothing exotic like a quail egg and goat cheese omelette. It's warm, greasy and delicious. 

My boyfriend wasn't thrilled by the eggs Benedict and I really enjoyed the French toast. 

We will definitely be making this a regular breakfast spot.
What kind of diner needs cops on duty just for it?  That's it, Broad Street Diner.

But really, Broad Street Diner is gone? That's such a shame.  Okay, actually it should have been condemned years ago but now that it's gone I  kinda sorta miss it.  Not that anybody should have eaten the food there.  I can only imagine what that stuff does to your innards. Also, why wouldn't we want to go to a diner where we might just get shot?
(R.I.P. Broad Street Diner)

Okay, this place was a roach trap. It was dirty, it was smoky, it was over-priced, it was behind bullet-proof glass. Still, I always had a soft spot for this South Philly weirdo-magnet.

They had great nightly specials, tiny plastic glasses with dingy water in it, and some really mean pudding. 

I'd say "You don't know what you've got till it's gone"...but the more appropriate would be, "I never knew why I kept going, but now I don't have to."
My morning run takes me by Broad Street Diner every day, and I love breakfast food.  How could I resist stopping in one day?

Broad Street Diner is just a very exceedingly solid diner.  Not great yet not terrible. I ordered a blueberry muffin and the French Toast.  The blueberry muffin was actually the winner for that meal.  It was perfectly toasted and just super tasty.  Honestly, I probably could have stopped there!  The French Toast was, unfortunately, just very okay.  The packets of Smucker's for syrup did help temper my expectations. 

Do I need to run back any time soon?  Probably not.  But, if I am ever in the mood for a post run muffin (who am I kidding? I always am), then I know where to stop!
Unfortunately this place is now really a distant last place in the local diners. The place was never great... But unfortunately it's quickly descending into the unacceptable mode. Food simply is not good. The wait staff is all perfectly nice. But unfortunately, there's nothing they can do to make up for the disaster that's going on in the kitchen.
Monday I ordered the chicken Caesar and it was fine. Nothing to brag about. Tuesday I ordered the same exact thing and the chicken was rubbery. Just for that reason, I wouldn't go back again.
A fantastic breakfast with friends who love diners. There is nothing like a professional diner waitress !!!
Food is cheap and good. Located conveniently near Boot & Saddle so you don't even need to walk very far for late night drunk eats. Service is what you'd expect from a South Philly diner, sweet and no-frills. You can't beat a grilled cheese and fries for less than 5 bucks. The fries are surprisingly good here too- thin cut and crispy. The waitresses aren't always attentive when things are slow, but their tolerance for patrons sitting around nursing coffee for hours is high, which I absolutely appreciate. Solid diner option.
This place. Need I say more?? The servers? Immaculate. The ice?? Best I've ever had. Food?? Also fantastic. Haven't even ordered, I can just tell. 10/10.
Always was a nice place. To bad it was closed for so long.

Now with new owners, the place looks great and the food is pretty good. When I'm there it seems sort of empty. But maybe I choose odd times to eat.

Tasty shake I had.
Better than most diners.  Decent food good service.
