Sure guys, go ahead and open up a mere block from where I USED to live when I was a student! This would most definitely have been my morning go-to and if you live nearby, it should be yours. 

Simple, welcoming corner shop with great natural light that floats through the large floor to ceiling windows. There's bar seating along the windows as well as long farmhouse tables and banquet seats against the wall. 

Brown Street offers highly recommended strong coffee, cold brew, all of your caffeinated cafe favorites as well iced Vietnamese coffee. They also offer delicious teas.... a red, green, black and oolong. I really enjoyed my lychee tea and thought my almond milk Chai latte was a little mild in spice and too tad frothy. Others may really like it, but for me it was a bit weak. Their 'Brooklyn' blend coffee (cocoa, graham cracker, toasted hazelnut and toffee) is up next for me! 

There's healthier grab and go items such as power bars of all kinds (vegan ones too) and yogurt parfaits. Bagel sammies of all kinds...bacon and egg, cream cheeses, including veggie, avocado and veggie toppings like cukes and avocado for an additional charge. 

 And as you may have guessed from the name, they obviously offer bahn mi as well. Grilled pork, Korean BBQ and Tofu are among the choices. I have yet to taste, but look forward to a tofu one in the near future. They looked delicious and on toasted crisp rolls too. Yum! 

The guys behind the counter were sweet. 
Service was fine. 

Some were hanging out getting work done and reading. Great place to do so.

A very small line did start to develop as I was leaving around 9:30am on a weekday. I can imagine that it can gets a little crowded on the weekend mornings as this is such a needed and unique business for the area. 

Great addition to this area! 
Great little concept! 
Higher rating for that alone. *Will update after tasting bahn mi. 

See you soon!
What an awesome little coffee shop and banh mi place! Given how much I love coffee and banh mis, it's as if Brown Street was created just for me. 

Here you'll find all the usual elements of a small, independently owned Philadelphia coffeeshop: talented baristas, excellent quality coffee, and cramped seating (I say that last bit affectionately). 

But, in addition to all that, you get a couple staples of Vietnamese cuisine. 

First, Vietnamese iced coffee. Perfect balance of sweet and super intense, bitter coffee. 

Second, freshly made banh mis. I tried the chicken banh mi and loved it! I haven't had a good one in a very long time and thought this was excellent. The flavors were all there, with flavorful chicken, pickled carrots and daikon, and cilantro. Plus, the texture of the bread was exactly what you want in a banh mi: slight crunch on the crust but soft inside.
Stopped by for a couple bahn mi sandwiches that were really good! The traditional bahn mi and the chicken mahn mi were both made of fresh and flavorful ingredients. The bread was moist, yet crunchy. I really enjoyed them. They are not big portions though so you may need more than one to get fulll:-p
Nice follks who work there and a great space with seating.
Ordered lunch today,  and it was AMAZING! Spices are on point. Bread is perfectly flakey and warm. I think this may be my new go-to lunch spot. So happy i stumbled upon this place on a walk
We stopped by here while our car was at A&A Auto for an oil change; the perfect place to get a coffee and some superb AVOCADO TOAST. It was really phenomenal; the toast was nicely crisp and chewy, nice fresh avocado and veggies (I chose cucumber and tomato) and very tasty spices on top. Highly recommended!
I love this place! The owner is so friendly and makes a genuine effort to get to know his customers. Cold brew on draft and Vietnamese iced coffee are both great. And as a vegetarian I've only tried the tofu banh mi. I'm no banh mi expert, but it's delicious. And only $5 for a great, fresh, filling lunch. 

Bonus: delicious, cold water readily available at the counter and treats for your dog friends! Glad to have this place in the neighborhood.
This is not a bad little coffee shop in the area of Brewerytown. After walking around a flea market in the area, I needed some food. The coffee shop is a small, but very warm atmosphere. They specialize in banh mi sandwiches, so I thought I might as well grab a pork one with an iced coffee. The coffee was a good pick me up and smooth. The sandwich was decent enough. It had a good amount of fresh veggies, but not much meat. Shame because it tasted good. Cool spot in Brewerytown that I might stop into again.
I'm pretty loyal to Ba Le bakery in South Philly but I will gladly admit that the traditional banh mi (thit nguoi) is pretty darn good here. I even dare say that it is tastier then the ones I've had in South Philly because they toast it to perfection. It has a crunchy roll on the outside, soft and gooey on the inside and a nice, proportionate crunch of fresh veggies (nothing irks me more then a banh mi place that gyps me on the cucumber or daikon). If they could make their banh mi a little bit bigger like the ones in South Philly, I would consider it perfect. Other then that, this place gets my seal of having authentic vietnamese food.
Worked here a few times when I was in the museum area - good coffee and banh mi, although the banh mi is really spicy! I like that the food options are more diverse than your run-of-the-mill cafe. I've only worked here during the day, and it wasn't busy so I reliably found a spot to work.
I swung by here on a whim to pick up some banh mi's before heading to the Please Touch Museum. I've had some pretty good banh mi's: Cafe Cuong (South Philly), Cafe Saigon (North Philly), Saigon (Vietnam).. and the banh mi's at Brown Street are up in there in the rankings. Perfect amount of pate and mayo spread..and not skimpy on the meat. Even though they serve the banh mi's on hoagie rolls here (traditionally on French baguette), it's still very good and I didn't miss that baguette crunch at all. 

For some reason they do not pick up the phone here so I placed my order through GrubHub pick up.
I'm no coffee expert, but the banh mi (chicken, beef, tofu, pork... all of them) is bangin'. Suggestion for the hungry: get extra meat.
I typically go to OCF when I'm in Fairmount, but I was on the hunt for a new coffee spot. I stumbled upon Brown Street Coffee on Yelp and decided to give it a try.

The place is smaller than I expected, but had great aesthetics. I came around noon on a Saturday and it was busy, but not overcrowded. While I was there, it definitely got more crowded, which made it hard to make your way to the counter and the bathroom. I ordered the Vietnamese iced coffee. I LOVE Vietnamese iced coffee and haven't found a go-to spot for it in Philly. The Vietnamese iced coffee at Brown Street Coffee is fine. I have had my fair share of Vietnamese iced coffee in the past and this one ranked towards the bottom. It didn't quite hit the spot. 

Aside from the average coffee, the service was also mediocre. I ordered my coffee and the cashier made it for me and put it next to me, but as I was paying, the cashier stepped away and another took his place. While I was paying, the new cashier took my coffee and gave it to someone else. I said "I think that was mine" but was flat out ignored. She proceeded to make me another, which is fine, but the whole situation was a bit odd. I came back to the counter later to ask for the WiFi password and it seemed like I was bothering the cashier. Overall, it was an odd experience. I was really hoping to find a new go-to spot, but Brown Street Coffee missed the mark.
Love this place. The owner knows everyone and is super friendly. Helps bring in your stroller and getting it out, which you definitely need help with If you've ever been there. Iced Coffee is coffee is great, and the one with even more caffeine that I tried on his recommendation is AMAZING for getting through a long day. Just put it on ice because it's concentrated and sweet. The bahn mi is also on point . Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood
I love that this place is in Fairmount which doesn't have too many cute coffee shops. Their Vietnamese coffee is a great sweet treat, their avocado toast is delicious and reasonably priced. Yet I still have issues with this spot. The baristas that I've interacted with seem miserable and never crack a smile. Given that they work in the service industry in a predominantly young family-filled, incredibly friendly neighborhood, I'd expect a bit more friendliness. 
There are not gluten free options and not many non-dairy milk alternatives for coffee. It is a bit cramped in there, but if you're someone who needs a place to get work done this is your spot to sprawl out.
Nice little corner coffee shop. The Vietnamese Iced Coffee is strongggg but the condensed milk gives its really smooth balance. They have about 5-6 banh mi options to choose from that all sound tasty. I tried the Korean Beef which was excellent. Moist, well seasoned and complimented the crunch of the veggies (cucumber, carrots, jalapeño and daikon radish) tons of other options including fresh pastries and granola/protein bars.
We've had all the bánh mi, except the tofu (just not my thing), and they are DELICIOUS! Fresh crispy vegetables, tender meat, just the right amount of season and spice, and perfect rolls. We are so happy to have a "bánhery" in the neighborhood! The only thing stopping us from eating bánh mi every day is that now we're working our way through the breakfast menu! Yum. And a bonus...the place is run by nice people.
Definitely would not recommend and definitely not a Banhery. The bread was good. Other than that, there was no Mayo, no daikon, no cilantro, the tofu was bland, and they added a ton of pepper, with few jalapeños. The atmosphere was not pleasant at all. Someone was smoking while standing next to the entry door the entire time we were there and they employees seemed to have no issue. 

Worst Bhan Mi I've ever had. To many other good options in the city to waste a meal here.
Love this place! We've been going here for two years since we moved to the neighborhood and we always have great sandwiches, pastries and coffee. I've also used it as a nice, never crowded workplace prior to Covid. Highly recommended!
Discovered this place because I ran out of Nespresso pods. To be honest, I've only had an Americano here...but it's probably one of the best I've had in the city. Maybe they're making a long black, because the crema stays on the top, so it technically might not be an Americano...but who cares, it's so good.
My friend and I ordered the Vietnamese coffee and the traditional Vietnamese banh mi. Coffee was strong and sweetened just right. Guaranteed to make you lift a car or something (an exaggeration, but it's strong). The banh mi. Oh sweet lord it was amazing. The bread was toasted and warm, the meat was succulent, unctuous, well-balanced by the veggies. I took my time eating it because I did not want to let it go :( 

Anyway, both coffee and sandwich were outstanding!! It was my first time at Brown Street, but it was my friend's second time. My friend is picky and seldom eats anywhere twice, but he had a good experience the first time that he came back and brought me, and we were not disappointed.

Will be coming back!! You folks are amazing! :)
Wow, wow and wow. Now I've been eating banh mi sandwiches for close to 30 years. Growing up in Seattle, that was the best and cheapest meal you could get for just a few bucks. Now there's not much too a banh mi, meaning there's nothing to hide behind. Brown Street NAILED it, easily one the best banh mi sandwiches I've ever had. I ordered 2 for myself (don't judge me haha) and one for my wife. I went with Korean BBQ Beef and a traditional. Wifey got the bbq pork. 

The Korean BBQ beef was just insanely flavorful and fresh. Both sandwiches had the perfect fresh bread, crisp fresh veggies (carrot, daikon radish, cucumber and cilantro). The meat was super tender and flavorful. 

The traditional also knocked it out of the park. it's got pate, pork roll and some other pork product (can't remember the name).  Again, being loaded onto a super fresh French loaf with the right amount of veggies was the perfect sandwich. 

The prices are also very reasonable, as they should be. I've seen a few places offering a banh mi for close to $10, no way jose! I think the bbq beef was $6.95 and the traditional was $4.95. Seriously can't beat it! NIce job guys, you have a new frequent customer!!
Brown street is an absolute neighborhood gem!! Even through Covid shutdowns and the problems that come with that they have continued they're excellence.  Seriously this is the best Banh Mi in Philadelphia.  If you don't agree, fight me! Haha but seriously come get an amazing sandwich and a solid coffee and support small local business. You won't be disappointed!
Delicious banh mi! Didn't expect their to be a Vietnamese sandwich spot in this neighborhood, but this cafe is perfect. Seems they have other pastries and food items as well. The fresh, crispy bread, the ratio of fresh ingredients and the meat on my beef banh mi had me wanting to come back the next day! Had a kind interaction with the worker.
I wouldn't expect a coffee shop to have good Bahn mi but do not underestimate Brown street! Definitely my go-to bahn mi place whenever I'm having a hankering for it. The bread is wonderful and flaky, and the fillings are nicely flavored. I've tried the pork and tofu and both are terrific. Aside from the great bahn mi, coffee is solid (Stumptown coffee!) and the breakfast sandwiches do not disappoint (get the brioche if you want to indulge!).
I'll have to explore their Vietnamese menu another time with the man as today keeping it Katie classic with breakfast sandwich (The Hipster) and Cold Brew. The Hipster had me at "runny eggs" topped with turkey sausage and cheddar cheese on a artistic looking brioche bread. At first handle the runny eggs were flowing. On point. And following last 2nd to last bite I dipped that perfectly fluffy brioche bun in that runny yolk. Egg Girl Dream. 
Aesthetics in this corner jawn were simple just like their menu. Perfect midway stop for this Brewerytown newbie making her morning walk to the library. I shall be back!
Their bahn-mi sandwiches melt in your mouth! Their breakfast sandwiches are also really good. It's a small place but I am always able to find a place to sit. I hope they are able to survive the covid pandemic.
The food is good, the coffee is great, every employee I've ever interacted with here is either awkward or miserable or both
The banh mi, especially the bread, is perfect.
The cafe sua da is perfect.
The price is the same as anywhere on 6th/11th and Washington.
I think this is a great addition to the neighborhood, so definitely adding a star for my selfish personal reasons lol. There were some growing pains when they first opened, as in any establishment (mixing up orders, forgetting things, etc), but I think it's a smooth running machine now. The place is like any other cute and modern coffee shop, with hanging bulbs, large heavy wooden tables, pretty floral wallpaper in the back, and random pieces of artwork here and there. The service is great, I noticed the owner knew people's orders as they walked in the door, and he even corrected the barista on my name (which is always butchered). The coffee is Toby's estate, which any serious coffee drinker will appreciate. Banh mi's I think are very good for the location. The meat is flavorful, albeit on the light side, so ask for more to be safe. Baguette is fresh, crispy, yet soft inside. And veggies are fresh. Obviously you can't compare with places like cafe cuoung, qt, cafe saigon, etc. But it will definitely satisfy your banh mi craving without having to travel to those places if you don't live near them! I hope they last!!
Perfect little coffee shop in the north side of Fairmount, a nabe that is underserved in terms of coffee options. I love Vietnamese coffee and the fact that this petite, pleasant establishment has rows of them prepared just waiting for ice when you order one had me sold. The chill, friendly bar staff, tasty croissant, and very reasonably priced bahn mi options make this a "must". The windows give you a great view of passing pedestrians and there are cafe tables on the sidewalk for al fresco seating (both sides, so lots of options). This spot was recommended by a coworker and I'm delighted every time I go. Kudos, Brown Street. You've got a good thing going on!
This place is a hidden gem! I loved their Korean bbq banh mi and the Vietnamese coffee. They use jalapeños to give the sandwich some kick. It's small but has cute little tables both inside and outside. The prices are not bad at all for how much food they give you. The staff was very friendly and welcoming, great customer service! Their breakfast sandwiches also looked really tasty, I definitely will be back.
This place was a great find while we were passing time waiting for my brother to pass the Philly half finish line. We ordered breakfast sandwiches and they were delicious. The egg white sandwich was really well made and so good and the croissant sandwich was so good with the flaky pastry and fresh ingredients. It's on a nice corner with plenty of seating for such a small place. I wanted to go back and try their Vietnamese menu because those looked so good too.
Support your local business. The owners are nice and hard working people and have authentic banh mi and their breakfast sandwiches are freshly made and delicious. If you are in the art museum area give them a try and septa bus routes 32, 48 and 7 take you back into the city.
Worst service in the area. The owner kicked us out at 5:40, saying that they closed at 5:30 but took our order anyway. When I called him out on his hours as posted on Google he said they took last call at 5:30. We'll never go back.
First time here - really great coffee and sandwich menu. I got an iced coffee and a breakfast sandwich on a croissant - both were really good. I also got a few extra treats. The total with tip was about $9.  The space isn't huge but there's plenty of room and it's furnished really well with two communal tables and a window bar. I'm in the neighborhood so I'll definitely be a regular at this place.
We love this place! The street really needed an alternative to overpriced Rybread. Amazing breakfast sandwiches, coffee and prices. Also, the owner and staff are incredibly nice. People rave about the banh mi sandwiches but I haven't personally tried one. Note: the prices are awesome!
We're so happy to have this place 2 blocks away from our house! Eric is super friendly and genuinely cares about customers having a good experience. I've also overheard him training staff and he insists on top quality, efficient, friendly service from employees. It's a great place to dash in and grab a coffee (iced coffee on tap - so great!) and a banh mi. You can also (and I have, and will continue to!) park at a table for a morning to work. Wi-fi works great, lots of outlets handy for charging. We've pre-ordered sandwiches for family events and that works well, too. Wonderful neighborhood vibe! Let's keep this place open by visiting a lot!
I came here after a morning and early afternoon touring some of the museums in the area and enjoyed my experience.  I got the pork banh mi and a hibiscus iced tea, which technically isn't on the menu but the barista was happy to make it for me anyway.  I've had bigger and better banh mi elsewhere, but it was a decent banh mi for being $5.  

What I liked most about this place was the neighborhood atmosphere.  The guy behind the counter seemed to know everyone who came in and had personal conversations with a lot of them.  It was also a pretty nice place to sit down and get some work done, with free wi-fi and a good number of outlets.
Random coffee shop with banh mi but I got the cold cut classic banh mi and it was PERFECT. Great cute cafe to do work, get your caffeine fix and eat a crunchy fresh savory sandwich what more could u ask for???
Def the best banh mi in Philadelphia!!!
So happy their in my neighborhood.
The place is in a neighborhood setting and is very relaxed. It has a bit of a hipster vibe and diner feel. It seems a bit small, but there are about 25 chairs/ seating. The employees are very nice and don't seem to get tired from explaining what a banh mi is to customers.

I got the Vietnamese iced coffee and traditional banh mi. The iced coffee is pre-made and chilled in their display case. Ice is added when the drink is ordered. This doesn't seem to affect the taste at all. And the drink doesn't get diluted from melting ice as fast!

My banh mi was a little burnt on one end, but it was still good. It's a little smaller than what you would find in Chinatown, but still well worth the price of $4.95. I tasted a slight hint of the jalapeño. I don't think they used the seeds. I like my banh mi with a little kick to it so I'll definitely ask for more jalapeño next time! They also have a small bottle of Sriracha.
Very good Bahn Mi and delicious iced coffee. Much better than a Starbucks iced coffee. They were out of pork today which is my favorite kind of Bahn mi. Highly recommended!
I was on my way home, taking a route I rarely take when I just so happened to drive by this place 
Had me at banh mi and coffee, so I pulled over and checked it out.
It's located at a really convenient spot for me in Fairmount neighborhood, at 26th St and Brown St. The place is pretty adorable and the staff really friendly!
I ordered the grilled pork banh mi. I was satisfied with the amount of veggies and meat they included. The bread was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had. And the grilled pork was decent. Sandwich was priced a little more than places along Washington Ave, but that was expected for the location.

I'd definitely come back and try the Vietnamese coffee and other sandwiches!
Love this spot! The ambiance is lovely, simple but clean and very pleasant. Banh mi rocks my world every time: so much flavor packed into the meat (or tofu!) and paired so well with the veggies. Close to my work so I'm there almost daily for lunch or an iced coffee. Worth a visit (or two or three) whether you're local or just stopping by. Double thumbs up!
What a great find! My husband and I wanted a quick lunch after visiting the playground with our kids. This hit the spot and had the right ambience we were looking for. Delicious chicken banh mi, although I could have used a little bit more butter/creamy condiment in the sandwich. But the BEST part was that they brewed Toby Estate coffee!!! I had a Vietnamese iced tea and the hubs had iced coffee (Brooklyn brew). They said they were the only ones in Philly who did. Will definitely be coming back for this alone.
I really enjoy stopping in here for coffee and either breakfast or lunch. they have the best cold brew coffee that I have ever had. the service is great. it's nice to go someplace where they remember your name and address you. it personalizes your visit. this is a really good addition to our neighborhood.
Very cute corner cafe, I would describe brown street cafe as simple and focused. They have regular coffee, pastries, and breakfast sandwiches, but the star of the show was the iced Vietnamese coffee and classic Vietnamese banh mi. The iced coffee was strong, but sweet, and reminded me of the way my grandma makes it, never shy about the strength. The banh mi was phenomenal, the French bread was perfectly toasted, soft inside, and crispy outside, it's quality noticeably better than other places I've had banh mi in philly. The pate was light and fresh, and there was a generous portion of pickled daikon. However, they did go a little heavy on the jalapeño which at times was overwhelming, and the sandwich could have used a little more meat. Overall, I would come back for breakfast at this little cafe, the atmosphere was inviting, they had games at the table, and the barista was very friendly. And to my surprise, I didn't have any issues finding street parking.
Love this place! Ive gotten the korean bbq, tofu and chicken bahn mis. Theyre all excellent. Sometime the jalapenos run hot, so watch out. Coffees are good, place is inviting and service is great. Excellent addition to the neighborhood!
Food was great! Their baguettes are very good. However I found the place not very hospitable. The lady at the register was not very helpful. I asked if there was any recommendations for the banh Mi. She unemphatically started to list meats that were already on the menu. It was not helpful at all. I almost felt like I offended her and she was listing the names as if I should have already looked at the menu and decided for myself what to get. I asked for extra meat for the Banh Mi which was a $1.50 more, but when I received my sandwich it looked like just a regular amount. I was not sure if the order was wrong but did not want to say anything as the service did not seem very hospitable. Granted this was thanksgiving day so maybe everyone just wanted to be done and leave. But I did not feel like the service was very friendly. Nice place if you want to just pick up food and leave.
Great little corner coffee house with excellent coffee and very friendly, customer-focused staff. I had a cappuccino and my wife had the Cuban coffee - both were really flavorful with the Cuban being similar to coffees we have had at Mixtos - one of our favorite places. I also liked that had fresh bananas to go along with the typical pastry offerings. There are a few tables that seat up to six as well as bar stools around a bartop facing the outside windows. Highly recommend this spot just a short walk from the art museum.
New to the area and stopped by this cafe for coffee and to do some work. The Vietnamese coffee was a little too sweet for me, but that's just preference.  The staff was so welcoming and kind.
I love this place! I recently moved to Philadelphia and this opened not long after I moved in.

It's conveniently located right down the street from me, so I hit it almost every day on my way to work. They offer traditional breakfast sandwiches on bagels and croissants, plus a second banh-mi menu. There's even a tempting pastry display to help you ruin your diet. 

The staff is friendly as can be even when I've modified my order, the store is clean, the turn-around time is reasonable and worth the wait, and I've never had a disappointing experience here. 

One extra tip though: be careful with the hot coffee cup lids-- sometimes they're a little goofy and don't hold tightly to the cup. My boyfriend unfortunately figured this one out in the car on the way to Atlantic City last week. :-)
Growing up eating banh mi's all my life in a Vietnamese household I was so happy to find this place nestled in the art museum area where I just moved and I was not disappointed!

Usually Philly patrons would have to travel to South Philly for a solid banh mi. I asked Eric (Co -owner with his wife) to make me a classic and a grilled pork banh mi. Both tasted just as good if not better than what is available at the Viet jawns on Washington st. The banh mi's run at a good price too (similar prices to what you'd find in South Philly).

I can't wait to return and try the other sandwiches, viet coffee, chai's etc.
Awesome banh mi's here. And a great tucked away neighborhood spot.
Breakfast sandwiches are on point - definitely recommend the hipster. The coffee is pretty good; I've noticed they weigh the Vietnamese coffee so if it looks like you have less in your cup I think that's for a reason(?) The place is always clean and has a nice relaxing decor but can get crowded pretty quick 

Deducting a star because while the service gets the job done, it's kind of awkward and unfriendly and at times unorganized. (*except for the cook in the back! He rocks) It's a coffee shop. In the morning. Smile once in awhile??? Don't seem sooo miserable to be there?? Idk just a thought from a non-morning person and former ihop waitress who was still able to slap on a smile for every table :)
Very good banh mai; unhelpful service.  I asked about beverage choices, desiring a cool soda.  Server pointed at board listing coffee/tea drinks indicating this represented all choices, so I settled for coffee.  When I sat down I saw display of cool beverages including Pelagrinos.  Server never smiled or indicated any friendliness.  Efficient, wrong and no enthusiasm.
I love their take on the banh mi. I grew up on the stuff in  LA, so I've honed my taste buds. (This rating is for the banh mi)

Cute space, although not very comfortable seating and the tables in the middle are a bit too chunky.
Great breakfast sandwiches, great coffee, and friendly folks behind the counter.  But things go haywire when it's busy - the last few times I've gone (weekend mornings), they have forgotten my order and others have gotten food and drink before me despite me ordering before them. Today I spent nearly 30 minutes waiting for a breakfast sandwich and 2 coffee drinks.

Would recommend they get more organized with their process to fulfill orders.  If they can improve here, I'll keep coming back.
The day Eric and his wife took over this corner it must have been ridiculously sunny. They continue to make this place welcoming, fun and absolutely delicious. We have been greeted in a sincere way every time we walk in the door. Coffee is excellent, and if you are vegan there are definitely creamer/latte options--just ask They also keep a lovely array of baked goods and you never know what you'll get. One day we had an almond croissant and another was an apple danish. They've also got your juices, teas and wholesome snacks if you are coming back from a run. However, the thing that makes this coffee spot killer is the Banh Mi. Everything is done to order and you'll be loving the crisp baguette, pickled veggies, cilantro and secret sauce. We get the tofu one and we still can't duplicate the sauce--trust me, we try! Some extra tidbits that make this place nice are the large communal tables (which also work well for laptops), cute food themed card games that can get you quickly talking with any stranger and copies of Apiary.literary mag. So, if you like smart conversation with staffers that actually care, this place is definitely not to be missed.
A wonderful new cafe with excellent banh mi, coffee, breakfast sandwiches and pastries! I've been ordering the tofu and the chicken banh mi and the Vietnamese iced coffee and they're all  delicious. Well-designed interior with plenty of light and seating, making it a great place to work. The owners and staff are really friendly and knowledgeable.
I cannot say they have authentic bahn mi but it was damn good. I ordered the Korean BBQ bahn mi and they warned me it was spicy.  I beg to differ.  However, my boyfriend had the pork bahn mi and he said his was spicy (and then proceed to add srirachi) so I might have just gotten a jalapeño on mine that wasn't spicy? There was also this extremely awkward mix up with food orders where someone accidentally took ours but the cashier/chef made sure we got our order right away.  No biggie.  Anyways, lucky this gem came to the neighborhood.  Good Viet coffee and they have cold brew on tap.
Yum. The perfect spot for a quick affordable brunch option while headed to a near by museum, walking through Fairmount Park, or even gabbing with friends. The interior is small but with community tables and high top bar seating around the edges it's easy to find a spot. There is additional outdoor seating. We tried their Pork Bahn Mi+fried egg, Traditional Bahn Mi (pate and cold cuts)+fried egg, and their sausage+egg+cheese breakfast sandwich. I'm fairly picky with bahn mi's but I found this to be one of the better ones in the city. The pickled veggies were crisp and tangy with the perfect amount of aioli to round out the rich fat profile of the sandwich. The bread was warm and toasty -- fillings were plentiful, fresh, and balanced. The addition of the fried egg was nice to add a little protein boost to the already hardy sandwich -- we even skipped lunch we were still so full. The breakfast sandwich really paled in comparison to bahn mi options. I would recommend going with the bahn mi's over the breakfast sandwiches if you're making a decision. The breakfast sandwich itself was exceptionally savory with the buttery croissant onion roll-Esque vehicle of the Sausage/egg/cheese filling being the highlight. Truly a lovely spot we shall be back!
Great banh mi and really good coffee. They typically have both a light roast and a dark roast brewed and ready at any given time, and their cold brew is really smooth and tastes great black or with whatever you like. 
But the breakfast sandwiches are the best. I mean, I'm not sure I've had a better bacon egg and cheese ever. But wait, you can get an egg IN your banh mi!
This is seconds from my apartment but not worth it in my opinion. The lattes are just ok, and the customer service is terrible. I've been in several times, and the girl that is there always makes you feel like you are a total inconvenience to her. She stares at you blankly without saying anything so you stand there awkwardly waiting... is she ready to take my order? Will she take my order? So uncomfortable.
Sunday morning at 7am I can get coffee fast to start things off right. Toby's Estate is roasting in Brooklyn and they are quality purveyors of hipster handled beans. Customers seem happy and service is very good.
I've been here for coffee twice now. And both times has been great. Tucked away in Fairmount, they have a small (but robust) selection of things that they make. Other than your standard coffee and espresso drinks (with some unique things too!), they make some sandwiches. Their lattes are great - smooth, creamy, the perfect pick me up. They also sell La Monde beignet mix, which is a cool perk that I just haven't seen anywhere else. Don't expect to stick around too much though. They have like three outdoor tables and they are often full (despite it not being a particular busy coffee shop). I love this place though, and will come back when I'm in the area.
The hipster may be the best egg and cheese sandwich I've ever had, period. The runny egg, the fluffy brioche buns, the not-greasy-at-all sausage, the melted cheese, it's a dangerously addicting revelation. The coffee is also super solid, so it's a perfect combo. 

The only issue the place has is the seating isn't ideal. The main seating are two family-style tables that just take up too much room to move around. If it gets crowded, it's hard to maneuver. But it's well worth the visit nonetheless.
Friends and husband visited at, different times.  Each met with a young man who took their order.  For my friend; he took food order but said he only does food not drink orders.   Standing two inches to this young mans right was a young lady who then took the drink order.  

Following day, husband ordered. This same young man took both drink and food order however when name was called only the food order was prepared and charged.  He never placed/made drink order.   Completely ignored the situation and never apologized.  

Understandably mistakes can happen; though when its not a clear division of responsibilities or the full order of drinks and food is taken, the customer expects to receive such.    And, within Customer Service~it should be demonstrated to show kindness and if a mistake is made, those working should have apologized and made it right.
Stopped by here today after other coffee shops were packed. My eyes lit up realizing i could pick up a pork bahn mi too. I got a peppermint mocha and an egg and cheese sandwich on a croissant. My sandwich was so delicious. I also picked up a bahn mi for dinner. Everything was around $18 which was a little expensive but with it, in my opinion. My bahn mi was spicy today but i didn't mind. They had chicken, korean bbq, and i think a veggie option, but the pork is my favorite. 

I waited about 20 minutes for my food but i was happy this place was packed with in person customers and online orders.
Good coffee and breakfast sandwiches. This is a go to spot since we just moved to the neighborhood. Depending on the time you go in the morning service can be slower but that's only due to volume.
They've been great throughout COVID. I order about once a week and it's so easy through their site. Plus, they limit the number of people in their store (beyond employees) to three and are extremely prompt. We love this place and highly recommend it! Such a neighborhood gem! https://brown-street-coffee.square.site/
I had driven past this place a few times and had been eager to check it out because I LOVE bahn-mi's and have been to a couple of great spots on Washington (where most of the good bahn mi spots are). I would give this establishment 5 stars for service...the person behind the counter (I assumed the owner) was friendly. I was excited by the prices which were slightly less than the average bahn-mi. Unfortunately the sandwich ended up being on the smaller side which is when the price made more sense. The sandwich was freshly made but I was expecting slightly more flavor from the beef that I chose (and based on some of the other reviews). It was a cheap lunch but not as filling as other bahn mi's I've had. It's a nice place to chill or get some work done. I'd still come back for coffee or vietnamese iced coffee or try them for breakfast..or even try the pork bahn mi.
Me and my husband are frequent visitors to the Art Museum and really love the neighborhood. We are always on the lookout for hidden gems in the most unsuspecting places. Brown Street Coffee is cute, inviting, and hip and with plenty of potential. We were served, at reasonable price point, adequate bland toast of egg and avocado, coffee that is bit too weak for my palate and bahn mi that is in serious need of meat. The flies buzzing around the tables and the counter area on a Sunday afternoon in the winter month of December was a concern. I say pass.
We got three banh mis and they all tasted pretty good overall but it was really hard to ignore the taste of something being freezer burnt in every sandwich. I feel like it was probably the bread which is a bummer, because a $7.50 banh mi is pricier than other Vietnamese places in philly (Cafe Mi Quang is my favorite of all time) and most of those use fresh bread. The iced coffees were good though.
I just moved to the neighborhood and I already love this place! Their cappuccino is delicious and creamy, and the croissant tasted very fresh and flaky! Perfect! I thought they were more focused on Asian food, but they have other breakfast sandwiches as well that look very tasty. Will definitely try them soon. Staff is also super friendly. I love supporting small business, and I'll keep coming back (and singing their praises!).
This is a cool little neighborhood spot that specializes in Vietnamese coffee and Bahn Mi sandwiches (but they also carry other items). My BF loves the blueberry tarts from here (& he devoured it before I snapped a pic) and the Vietnamese coffee. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese  and it was average. Now, you might go a bagel is a bagel....and if you do, then you haven't lived because a bagel is so NOT just a bagel. NY and NJ bagels are LIFE and it's all about the balance between the crispy and chew .... the outer crust and the inner dough... but this bagel was just one note. As far as my cold brew, it was cool...nothing to write home about. So for the sake of this review, it's about the balance (like the perfect bagel), my BF loves the place and I think it's just OK so here we are at 3 stars .
What an awesome place! Saw this on Yelp and I am always up for a banh mi so I decided to stop by. The staff is super friendly. We got the number 5 (traditional banh mi) and it was AMAZING. The bread is what separates a good banh mi from a great banh mi, and this bread was so crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The meat was delicious and the pickled veggies were great too. Overall an amazing stop! Follow me on Instagram for more (ig: @ilg.eats)
Cute little coffee shop in the corner of Fairmont.  The pastries are delicious and the coffee is always good. The mochas are not sweet so just keep that in mind. I've heard their sandwiches are delicious. They are open early, even on the weekend. if you are in the area you should definitely stop by.
I've only been for coffee and breakfast so I can't speak to the Bahn Mi, but their morning offerings are all great. Friendly staff, great cold brew, and a solid breakfast sandwich. It has everything you would want in a neighborhood coffee shop. A quick walk for coffee and a breakfast sandwich is always the ticket a great morning.
Was in the neighborhood so stopped in for an afternoon coffee pick-me-up. Definitely was interested in the coffee & sandwich combo! The place was pretty full when we came in (good sign!).

 The barista was super friendly and knowledgeable about their different roasts. She was nice enough to fill my travel mug for me too and saved a cup. I went with the lighter roast, which was good, but not quite strong enough. Will try the darker roast in the future. My friend got an almond latte, which they had ready for us in just a couple minutes.

I definitely will stop in again and stay for a sandwich next time :)
