Out of two experiences I've only been in for Happy Hour thus far. But its fairly easy to give 4 stars to one of the best happy hour deals in all of Philly.

Bru Craft & Wurst first had me intrigued with the solid beer menu, German influenced sausage menu, and close proximity to McGillan's. But it took a pre-gathering before the Scratch Biscuits Elite Event to get me down there. When we did I knew it was going to be for happy hour, but I had no idea that it would feature $4 drafts from some of the best breweries out there including Ommegang, Jolly Pumpkin, Firestone Walker, 2SP, plenty of German brews to go with the theme, and then some. Add in $5 for select wurst sandwiches and appetizers, and its pretty easy to satisfy your appetite while you're sampling some of the best beers out there.

Outside of happy hour its still pretty easy to delve into that near flawless beer list at a reasonable price for what your imbibing on. Plus you definitely want to savor starters like currywurst and bavarian pretzels with a smoked gouda fondue, small plates like mussels and short rib mac & cheese, and mains like doner kebab or a mixed wurst plate of 4 assorted sausages. Happy Hour has only given me the chance to chill barside and pick the brains of the spot on bartenders. But Bru also has enough room to fit roughly any sized party during its other not so crazy hours, touts and interesting decor, and has a pour your own beer system with a decent selection if you'd rather not feel overwhelmed by their epic list.
BRU...what an interesting place!  I gave BRU a try for HH the first tome and my second visit...I came dinner!  The place doesn't take reservations, so try and go when it is not too busy because it fills up fast!

Great beer list of drafts and bottles!  Now the food is somewhat more of a journey that you need to prepare yourself or if you are not familiar with German fare!  The portions are large ...be ready!

I would come back for HH drink specials and pass on dinner!
I visited on a saturday early evening. The bar was crowded all around, but we squeezed in at the end and were able to place our drink order while waiting for a table. Apparently, you are able to reserve tables and stand around while others who would much rather sit, are forced to stand. They have 2 benches (they sit about 4 each) to the left of the front door which helped our patience. The self-service bar also caught my attention but I felt it was too crowded to try it.

Our waitress was so pleasant and familiar with the beer list which is super important considering the size of the list. The pages-long-beer list is the true stand out here. And if the food doesn't call your name come here for the beer. There selction includes draft, bottles, and cans. Read the menu carefully if you are opposed to having can or bottled beer.

I chose the brisket sandwich which came with fries and what appeared to be, homemade pickles! The pickles (fried and not fried) were delicious. Just for the record, I LOVE pickles and I would have been just fine with the canned store version but these pickles were outstanding, which helped the fatty not so fresh tasting brisket. No one complains about too much meat, but when you serve it in a tiny brioche bun that can't hold up to the weight of the meat, the juice, or the fat the sandwhich just falls apart. While a good value, I wouldn't order the brisket again. Instead try the brussel sprouts! I had a taste and it was amazing! Nice crunch and plenty of bacon! The brussel sprouts are fried so don't pretend like you are sticking to your clean eating regimen!
Two things are consistent with my experiences with Bru: they have an excellent beer selection and their other clientele bothers me.

I think of Bru as one of the better beer bars in Philly. Their selection is top notch in terms of unique beer selections and quality. Until Saturday, I only thought that was true about their US beer list, but then I discovered their bottle list. Whoa, baby! They have a large German beer selection as well. However, I know very little about German beers and don't find them hoppy enough for me. With that being said, their American drafts and bottles are amazing.

I've also found that this bar gets too crowded with patrons who don't seem to know much about beer and who also don't want to share any of their space or air. It's unfortunate that they are a dissuading factor for visiting Bru.

I've found the host to generally be helpful in getting a table, especially this past Saturday. The host went above and beyond to make sure my group got a table and kindly explained why there would be a wait. 

I've only had a few nibbles like a pretzel and friend Brussels sprouts but have found both to be tasty and prepared well to their own standard.

While I'm reluctant to go to Bru sometimes, I know I will be back because between their regular beer selections and beer events, they really get some of the best brews that come into Philly. Three stars for atmosphere but an extra star for everything else.
It's about time I upgrade Bru from 4 to 5 stars. Three years ago Bru was the hot new party spot with a trendy self-pouring beer wall and lots of taps pouring good stuff. But now.... Bru is a top contender of being one of the best beer bars in Philadelphia, which earns its 5th star from me.

I come to Bru ALL the time, so that must mean I like it! Bru always has rare craft beers pouring. They are changing every day, but it can be common to find gems from Avery, Russian River, Hill Farmstead, Firestone Walker, Funky Buddha, Jolly Pumpkin, Lost Abbey, Cascade, Perennial, the list goes on. They do an amazing job stocking Belgian beers as well as German beers. 

Also, another reason for 5 stars, they handle large special beer events very well. They will frequently have "tap takeovers" and stack their taps with rare beers that everyone wants. So, the place can get packed during these rare events, but Bru staff are always prepared, and experienced at controlling the crowds. They sometimes give out drink tickets for the really rare beers, and oddly enough, the service at the tables is just as good as the bar! The waitresses understand the beer, and the uniqueness and demand, and do a great job accommodating us beer nerds. 

Philly Beer week has basically turned into "Philly Bru Week" because their events and beers are so good, I'm always here! I'll keep coming back too! Cheers!  

(Still, avoid this place on Fri-Sat nights after 10pm, its a totally different, much younger crowd, with blasting dance music and shoulder-to-shoulder space. I stay away during these times!)
It had been years since I had gone to this place and quite honestly, I never really saw myself returning. Not due to anything bad, I just felt like it was the spot to hit up years ago, but had quickly lost its novelty.

But recently, something changed. I was walking past it when I spotted a sign saying they were now offering pumpkin old fashioneds for the fall! Pumpkin?! HECK YES. Add a little booze to it? SOLD. 

Just a few days later, my boyfriend and I decided to make a trip to Bru for happy hour. Sadly, they weren't running any happy hour deals on their fall cocktails, but that wasn't going to stop us. He decided to get that pumpkin old fashioned, while I got the spiked cider. 

While my boyfriend liked the old fashioned, we couldn't believe how much ice was added to the glass. He also made an observation that they used crushed ice instead of cubes which just watered down the otherwise good drink.

My spiked cider was solid. They used a ton of cider which I really liked! Rum was the alcohol used for this cocktail which I could barely even taste (in a good way)! If you're looking for a cocktail with sweet notes that mask the alcohol taste, this drink is for you!

After we got our fall cocktail fix, we both decided to move on to one of their happy hour deals. He decided on a weihenstephaner for $4 and I got the house red wine (Cabernet) for $5. While the wine was just the average happy hour deal that many other places offer, we were both astonished with the beer! A 16 ounce for just $4?! What a steal! 

We weren't hungry so we passed on food, although there were some happy hour deals that did catch my eye. I'm sure I'll be returning here to grab some drinks during happy hour again, so maybe I'll grab some food next time, too.
Came here the morning of Superbowl 52.  Yes, the morning of... as most Philadelphians were just trying to kill time until the game so why not grab a drink and some food?  Note: we were here before they closed at 3:30 for the evening superbowl party, so I can't comment on that... but as for the morning/afternoon, they had a limited menu selection and a great beer list.  I love that they featured some great local beers to the region.  We ended up getting the fries, which my friend loved but I thought were just ok.  I like their affinity for bacon, though.  I don't make it up to Philly as much as I'd like, but this is one I'd return to if I still lived in the city.
Fiance and I stopped here after a concert in the middle of a week to grab a nightcap before heading back to our hotel so I can't speak to food quality. I wish i could give the place 2.5 stars..I didn't love it but i didn't hate it completely. 
First of this place is dark inside, like can barely read the menu dark. We got there for late night drinks so maybe they turned the lights down but it was almost impossible to read the menu. The menus were served to us on a clipboard. The menus are not coated or bound in any way so the papers were dirty and folded/water damaged. No biggie but I think maybe the food menu could be at least laminated or something. There were so many menus it was beyond confusing but the list of beers is extensive which I appreciate but it took forever to look through them. Honestly though Its your fault if you cant find a beer to drink here so Ill give them that. 

We were approached by a bartender. Fiance wanted an old fashioned and I was unsure of what I wanted. The bartender was nice but she never suggested anything to me as far as a drink especially when she saw me struggling. When we ordered old fashions she did tell us she didnt have oranges and did ask for preference of booze so that was nice. The cost was a bit steep for the drinks I feel even for a city setting. It does appear that they have a decent liquor selection as well if beer isn't your thing.
 
Im just not getting the "German" vibe here as the place tries to portray.  The waitresses are in fishnets/lacey stockings and booty shorts with suspenders which I was quite surprised by because it doesn't fit the theme and hooters is so 1990. Guys are in jeans and a tee shirt again nothing German about it. There was one waitress that was entirely too loud the entire time when talking to other staff. She would scream across the bar and talk at an incredibly loud volume when people were right next to her. I believe one of the guys hit her with a towel to which of course she yelled out in pain. I also observed her sitting on a counter (eww cleanliness!) Overall it didnt help with the ambiance or environment to hear this girl shrieking.

Overall was it horrible? No. Could it have been better? Yes. Will I be back? Probably not.
This place is extremely unique to the streets of Philadelphia! The atmosphere, enormous beer list, and German inspired menu has kept me returning.  The most exciting part about the venue is the self serve beer wall. Great for those busy Saturday nights. You purchase a 'Bru Button' from the friendly wait staff and can literally pour your own beer directly from the tap. It's a great additional value to any special occasion or night out. 

I'd def recommend!
Maybe I just had really high expectations of bru, but I was SO disappointed in it. First of all, it wasn't exactly a beer garden...maybe they'll be opening up the windows, but for now it's a bar with a lot of wooden furniture and mini lights. 

Apparently the "pour your own beer" thing only is up for about an hour in the night. I'm sorry, but I'm not getting there at 6 pm just to try that out. 

The crowd reminded me of the douchey ladder 15 crowd. But that might have been the night I was there.

Service was really slow. 

In the end, we made our way next door to McGillins...
I've been to Bru a handful of times and I really enjoy this bar.  The draft list is excellent and the food is delicious.  During my last trip a few days ago we tried the burger with a side of the spatzel and the Bru Fries.  Not the healthiest meal, but it was absolutely delicious.  I really love the burger here, I've had it twice and it stands out.  

The beer list is pretty robust, they feature a long list of craft labels to choose from.  The list has a lot of variety between beer styles, I'd be surprised if you couldn't find anything you'd like.  Bru also offers a long list of bottles and cans to choose from if you need more options. 

The only thing I don't like about Bru is how jam packed it gets at night.  This place essentially turns into a club around 9pm, they even remove the chairs and tables to accommodate the crowd.  I don't want to fault Bru too much for this, it's their business model and I assume it's working if they continue doing it.  That said, Bru is so chill when it's just a regular bar, I wish it stayed that way throughout the night.
3.5 stars. Rounding up to 4 because I'm giving BRU the benefit of the doubt. 

BRU strikes me as the type of place that changes considerably depending on the time of day/week. This is all complete surmising on my part, but I get the sense that during the week, BRU is as much an eatery as it is a bar. On a Saturday night, however, this place is a wildly different creature--and I do mean wild. Filled to the brim with 20-somethings and Top 40 music blasting, BRU is honestly not a great place to be if you're goal is to have some nice casual conversation with friends over a couple of beers. Which is unfortunate, because the charm of this bar is lost on the weekend crowd. Thankfully I wasn't too inebriated to recognize this.

Came here on a Saturday night with a large group of friends. While we certainly wanted to dance, mingle and have a good time, we also wanted to catch up and enjoy each other's company. BRU, being directly across from the oldest bar in Philly, is clearly in the hot zone for weekend traffic. The space itself is quite expansive. It was a bit too busy for me to really survey the layout, but it seemed like there were designated areas for table service framing the central bar area. Would love to come back here to order food.

I adore places like BRU because of the impressive beer selections. This is what pushes my rating up. Craft beer is still relatively new to me, so any bar with that many choices is a little slice (or pint, I guess) of heaven for me. Warning: this can get OVERWHELMING. Not only is their draft list one of the biggest I've seen to date (this includes craft beer establishments in NYC) the bottle/can list is frighteningly vast. Menus like this have been instrumental in beating the indecisiveness out of me. I ended up going with a Chimay Blanche, which is a classic Belgian Tripel. They serve is as it's meant to be served: in a goblet-shaped glass that's a bit smaller than your typical beer glass, due to ABV. Good craft beer places will always stock glasses of several different sizes to promote enjoyment of beer over simple intoxication.

I do have to say, I've never been to a beer hall at which patrons feel inclined to dance at any point. It's just not the venue. The reason I was vacillating between 3 and 4 stars is due to BRU's odd nighttime identity--it's all-caps LOUD and the music seems incongruent with the actual vibe of the place. But I suppose BRU knows its weekend audience. I'm going with 4 because despite the chaos, I was able to converse with a few of the bartenders about beer, life, etc., and land on a beer for myself that was the best nightcap I could've asked for.
There should be the ability to write two reviews for Bru... Bru before 9pm and Bru after 9pm...

I went here with a group for a happy hour/dinner and it wasn't bad. Football was on, beers were served and food was decent. My jeans, sweater, sperry combo was having me pretty comfortable. 

Sometime around 9pm however, it turned into a club essentially. Drunk girls in mini skirts and heels stumble into the bar and crowd the bathrooms. Suddenly (and this is not a joke) the staff literally tries to take the table out from beneath us to make more room for the Jersey crowd rolling in. 

One thing that really left a bad taste in my mouth was that after paying our pretty lengthy tab, the waitress came running after us once we left, accusing us of not paying for one of the beers we had. Seriously?? Were we supposed to keep track ourselves and check that the tab matched up?
Service was so bad it's hard to believe this is a functioning restaurant. We arrived for lunch on a Saturday at noon. We were seated immediately, and then no one returned. Servers ran by without a glace. After 20 minutes of just sitting there, I walked up to a server and asked if she could take our order. She did, and the drinks came in 5 minutes. But the f
ood. Didn't come. For another hour. 

No one gave us an update. No one apologized.

When our (small) sandwiches came, we finished our meal in 10 minutes. We flagged down our server for our check. 

Of course, I'm never going back. I wouldn't recommend that you do either.
I think I'm ready to give Bru that fifth star.

So, there have definitely been times when I haven't enjoyed my visits. Namely: Late on a weekend night and on any sort of holiday that involves drinking. Bru sure can become a brokingdom fast -- with no place to move and a total inability to hear a word.

BUT. I'm still giving five stars because you just need to know when it's okay to stop in. Namely: For Funky Buddha. Hill Farmstead. Hardywood. Good god, guys, you know how to make a girl swoon.

Sometimes (ahem, last night..) I can find myself here for hours on end. If with a fellow beer-lover(s), we'll just order tons of beers to split. I mean, that LIST. I don't know who curates that thing, but little emoji-applause things here for you.

According to Untappd, I've now checked in more beers at Bru than at any other venue in the city. That's telling enough.
Went here opening weekend with 2 friends.  Host sat us at a table where we sat for 15 minutes waiting for someone to take our order.  Finally gave up and walked to the bar and ordered ourselves.  Beer was just ok.  Staff was useless.  Atmosphere was very loud.  Not at all the beer garden that it claims to be.  I will give it a second chance after they work out the opening month kinks, but for now I would not recommend to a friend.
Never again.

Five friends and I went into the city for the Jolly Pumpkin Beer Week event at Bru on Sunday 6/1/2014.  They were supposed to have 12 Jolly Pumpkin beers on-tap, and were to be serving them in flights of 6.

We arrived and the place was pretty dead, especially for an event during beer week on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  Once we sat, it took a very long time to get service (despite it being quiet).  Our waitress came and took our orders, only to return and tell us that they were no longer serving flights and we'd have to order full pints.

The bar had been storing kegs for this event for a long time, and clearly they'd mishandled them or overwhelmed the tap system.  Because (and I should mention that Jolly Pumpkin is my favorite brewery) all of the beers came out tasting like garbage.  Some were too warm, some were flat, others had just been skunked.

Furthermore, as we continued ordering others from the list, our waitress kept bringing us the wrong beer and insisting that it was the one we were ordering.  Not sure if this was her fault or the bartenders - but either way, disappointing.

Thankfully, the waitress sympathized and gave us a bill with a nice discount to compensate for the horrid experience.

My reviews on here are mostly very positive, but I'll make an exception this morning because Bru was a disaster.  With so many great options in the city, this place is a waste of your time.
I've been here mostly on Fridays. I like that you can buy a $5 keychain fob and then put money on it. You can use the fob to pour your own beer which I thought was pretty cool. The $5 is a one time fee for the fob and you get to keep it. It gets pretty packed here so come early like 8pm ish.
When anyone suggests an evening at BRÜ, it is hard to refuse!

You never really know what the vibe is going to be like, on any given night. I have been here on peaceful evenings with my boyfriend as well as totally wild and crowded nights with my friends. Either way, the low light keeps things totally chill and fun no matter what! 

Like others have mentioned, the food is killer. It's certainly not "authentic" German food, but it's tasty enough to wash down with a good beer! The Bavarian Pretzel with Smoked Gouda Fondue and the BRÜ Fries are both amazing.

But really, who's coming here for the food? I think it goes without saying, but the best part about BRÜ is the undeniably impressive BEER selection! There are both American and German options, and with the $4 drafts at Happy Hour, why not try both?? If you're feeling extra adventurous, you can even opt for the 2L boot.

This is probably one of my favorite hangout bars in the city. I am giving four stars because the line for a drink can be ridiculously long sometimes, but everything else is great. I will be back time after time!
Asked for seltzer with lemon, was given an old slimey smelly lemon.  I asked the bartender how long it took to make the fried chicken, he said not long.  It took 25min to come out, by which time I had to leave for an appointment.  The place was empty, I can make fried chicken in 10min at home, it shouldn't have taken 25min. 

While I was waiting for my food, I saw a cool come out and chat with the bartender and got a beer from him.

It's a shame I'll probably never go back.  The beer selection looked great and the place seems nice.
I had never had bartender as rude as the guy behind the bar last night. He threw the bill at me in such a way that another bartender told him that he had hit me and he just laughed. The other bartender could have try to make it better for me but he didn't care much either. Why did he threw the bill at me? I keep wondering if it was a race thing (I'm Latin) cause we had barely interacted at all!
Food wasn't that great, prices kind of high for such a dive place. N again the service: I had never been disrespected like that.
I really want to like this place, I do. It is in a great location and I like the vibe. The first few times I have been there wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. I went this weekend and my experience weighed a little more on the negative side. The bartender was pretty rude when I was bought two vodka water's with a splash of lime juice. Which were $10 each... a bit more expensive than I thought they would be. Anyway, when she handed me the bill my friend and I were clinking glasses and she made a snide comment about how she didn't have time to wait for us to cheers our drinks. Uhhh okay, relax. Like I said, I really want to like this place and the crowd is pretty cool so that is saving my opinion about this place. I am not sure how soon I will give it another try though especially when there are so many other places to choose from within a block of Bru.
I have never actually eaten the food here so my review is strictly based on drinks and going for the bar atmosphere.

I really like that you can buy a fob and fill your own beer. I think it is a cool concept and it cuts down in waiting at the bar! 

This place is always fun, especially in the summer when they have it open to the outside. Great place to meet people. Gets very crowded on a Friday or Satuday night but that is to be expected. I usually decide between Bru and McGillins depending on the line. 

Drinks are obviously more pricy than across the street at McGillins. Beers on tap are around $6-7ish. I forget how much a mixed drink is but I have usually had good luck and they are pretty strong. 

I probably would not choose it as a food spot, simply because I am not a huge fan of that type of menu, but it is a great bar spot!
The following is regarding using BRU for college/corporate/recruiting/fundraising events: 

BRU's prior floor manager, Maureen, also a manager of Aloosh inc, used to serve college students liquor underage. Personal, first-hand experience. Negligence. Liability. 

Maureen trained another man to run bar operations at Aloosh while she transitioned to becoming floor manager of BRU. A man by the name of Michael. 

Michael showed the same negligence in bar operations, intentionally. Particularly: when it came to female, underage college students. 

On top of it, both Maureen and Michael were always coughing. Particularly near drink items and garnishes. 

I don't know if this was due to some type of health issue, or inherited transmitted autoimmune issue. Still highly unappetizing and unsanitary either way. And possibly, another liability issue. 

In terms of using BRU for a corporate/fundraising event: These types of liability factors could really cost you in the end.
So as promised, I returned to Bru now that they've been open awhile to give them a more comprehensive review. After my last post, the manager invited me back to try them out, and suggested I did so during happy hour, since that's when they had the best deals. Unfortunately, who actually is out of work by 6? (The answer is actually me...but not my husband, and there was no way I was braving this "bro bar" alone.") 

Unfortunately, my expectations were sorely not met although I still really think that this place has a TON of potential, and I just don't think I am their target audience. 

The service: Whoa guys...calm down. You do not need to watch me eat my entire meal and stop by no less than SIX times to ask if everything is okay. Between the hostess, the waitress and the manager, it was like we were being stalked. I get it, they want good tips, they want good reviews. But no one likes the clingy girl at the dance. Try to play a little hard to get. 

As a side note here, I was really taken aback by the servers outfits. I didn't realize that this was Hooters meet German pub. I think there is a slightly more classy way to slutty German barmaid (look at Brahaus on South St. for example.) However, the black booty shorts with suspenders and t shirt really aren't doing it for me.  Honestly, from the front, the apron is longer than the shorts, so it literally looks like they aren't wearing anything on bottom.  Listen, I am all for "if ya got it flaunt it" but I don't think it's fitting in a setting like this that is trying to appeal to the masses. Maybe the management isn't aware they should be appealing to a wider clientele than the Jersey Shore? 

The food: If you are going to have such a limited menu, everything on it has to be SPOT on. Once again, this just seemed like the chef is trying too hard. For example: potato pancakes are good. Green apples are good. Horseradish is good. However, when you put them all together, it a muddled mess for your palette.  The schnitzel I had was WAY overfried and had no flavor. They put ham on it too...who puts ham on schnitzel? Overkill. The bread on my sandwich and on my hub's bratwurst sandwich was also really dry and stale. Also the sign out front that says "The best wurst in the city." It's not true. It's so not true. My husband didn't even finish half of his sandwich! This is a man I have seen eat (and enjoy) peanut butter, grape jelly and sausage sandwiches. The fact that he didn't enjoy his meal says more to me than anything.

Overall: This place is probably appealing to a different demographic than the crowd I usually run with. I am sure they will probably do just fine without my patronage since they can get the overflow from McGillans. But honestly, if you are in the area there are MUCH better options for food and beer.
Unbelievable! The sauerkraut is German grandma quality. The bratwurst are amazing! The beer list is endless. The service is quick. Go there now. Seriously.
Came here for sips with some friends- extensive drink menu with some unique specials! Got the grapefruit IPA which was tangy, only a bit sweet, and strong for just $3. Great vibe but can get a bit sticky late at night. Otherwise plenty of seating outdoor and indoor with fast service!
A nice vibe inside. The food was decent, but the beer was expensive. $8 for a dunkel is a bit much. I do wonder if the male staff has to wear shorts with their butt cheeks hanging out and sexy tights. The uniform for the female servers isn't much different than a place like Hooters.
The waitress was affable and accommodating.

The outside seating area is tiny and cramped.

The selection of craft/international beers is hella ill (lots n lots).

The whole hog, on a spit, being cooked on the sidewalk was kinda surreal.

The plastic "das boot" that you got to drink out of was kinda cheaply made...still had a sharp edge...meh.

Place is aight.
Since a new German craft beer bar just opened blocks from my house, I couldn't wait to get in there and try it! Not only is German beer my favorite, but was excited for a place with 25-30 rotating taps. Unlike Frankford hall where there is minimal German beers on tap, Bru has plenty!  Plus other craft selections.  The "beer wall" is smaller than I expected, only 6-8 beers on the wall to pour yourself. But, still cool I guess!  

I went on a busy Saturday night, I think it was opening weekend, and the bar was packed for march madness.  I went to  hostess stand, she said there was a wait for a table, so took my name down, then immediately called me, I hardly waited!!  Awesome!  All the hostesses and waitresses are really cute!  Def some eye candy if you are a male :-)  Anyway, my roomie and I ordered a few beers and food. The smoked salmon bruschetta w/ arugula was very yummy! I love the cheese and beets on it.  We also had the meatballs which melt in your mouth with a fantastic flavor, and the portebello mushroom sandwich, which I loved!  Filled with tiny mushrooms, and a very strong aged cheese melted all inside. Was fantastic!  Can't wait to go back and try the lamb shoulder flatbread. 

Love this place, I will be back many times.  Am looking forward to some new craft draft selections... Was unimpressed by the coors light on the menu, but I guess that's to please the tourists!  Majority of other beers were pretty good.

Tip: 2 entrances, one on chestnut street, and one in the back alley directly accross from McGillins and Dury st.
Let me just say this, as a native German their food is not authentic. If you have never had an authentic Bratwurst you will probably like it, but in no way does it imitate the real thing. Their Doner Kebap is a joke, don't order it. The service sucks, the bartenders take their good old time to pay attention to you. But I must say the pretzels are pretty good so you can't go wrong with that. The German beer selection is pretty good as well so I can't complain there. The place itself is pretty cool even though the music is way too loud at night. The bar area can get crowded as well. Overall - Meh.
Let me start by saying the one star rating is not due to the beer selection. They have quite a great selection actually. The rating is due to the awful employees that work here. Last night I went to bru and purchased a beer from the bar when they announced last call at 1:59. I was then promptly yelled at by two different employees telling me I have to finish my beer and get out of the bar because they were closing. It was 2:01, not even two minutes after I purchased the beer. I politely said sure let me chug it. So I start chugging the beer as a male employee is standing next to me watching me. As I'm trying to finish chugging the beer a female employee told the male employee to just take the beer. He swiftly snatches the beer out of my hand, sets it on the counter, and tells me to get the f out. I look at my watch and it was 2:02. I turned around and walked out without putting up a fight because the male employee was a large mean looking guy that I did not want to mess with. It's quite unfortunate that I will never be going back seeing as how they have a great beer selection. Actually I think I will go back today to speak with a manager about his/her disrespectful employees.
I retract everything I ever thought or wrote about this place. This is the worst establishment I've ever been to. I don't know who hires these derelict bartenders but they should be fired.
The first time I was here I was disrespected. Wrote a bad review on Yelp and was asked to try it again, so I did. No complaints - food is good, beer selection nice. 
Tonight? I don't know what the problem is, but you can't treat people like garbage. If I ask you a question you should try your best to accommodate me. This is common food/beer service practice. I will never come here again. I will never have a good word to say about Bru. You won't miss my "patronage", but I won't miss being treated like a P.O.S. either.
I have been here many times. Going here when its crowded however is not very fun. It gets way too hot, getting to the bar is impossible. The back door is just shady and inconvenient when giving a friend directions on how to reach. I also had a bad experience with the bartender there. It was super crowded and she just seemed to be taking her anger off on her customers which is horrible. That makes me never want to go back. I asked her the simplest question about what the difference between two beers was and she said she didnt know just to pick. Ridiculous.
More like BRÖ.

The staff discriminates against older patrons and gay people. They much prefer younger, whiter, straight customers and will literally ask you to give up your seats to accommodate them. Queer POC aren't welcome here, even though it's smack in the middle of the Gayberhood. 

On the plus side, it's a great spot to meet date rapists.
So admittedly, they've got a great selection of beer. Really great bottle list actually (despite grossly overpriced). I'll even give them the half-assed attempt at the "indoor German beer hall" look... Unfortunately, this is where the good part of this review ends.

The waitstaff at this establishment tends to care more about their social media accounts and their SnapChat selfie game than serving patrons. I sadly had to compete with an iPhone when ordering my beers, multiple times. And their credit system failed - so it was on me to to find cash without warning. And the poor girl was charging our drinks and food to the wrong tabs - pretty much with no method or madness. Happy hour prices should come with a disclosure that you should double-check your bill, because you can't count on them getting it right.

The food - mediocre. Nothing to write home about. Soggy and lukewarm fries. Portions of orders coming out 5+ minutes apart. Meh, to be expected.


If you're looking for a faux-German beer hall type of place to start your evening, this place can make the cut. But I guess what I'm getting at is that if you're up for a headache, come to Brü.
Very poor, slow service. It took at least 20 minutes to get our waters. Anyone who ordered a beer got it within a few minutes. The food was subpar. My chicken sandwich was fried to infinity, it looked like beef jerky. The group of us were heading to a concert afterwards, or I would've sent my sandwich back. And I've only sent back food once in my life since it was uncooked tilapia. I do not recommend.
Worst. Service. Ever. 

Food was good. 

I will preface this but saying that I know it's a bar and did not expect  stellar  service. But god damn....
Every normal request, as in actually getting water, because we didn't,  even though we ate, seemed like such an annoyance to our server. Oh by the way I never got the water, or the additional drink I asked for, but my fiancée got his beer ordered the same time, probably because I don't have a dick and could give two about looking at Tits and butt cheeks. Which is  fine  go you, you looked good. But I would of tipped better than that dude looking to bone you. Js 
 
Also the only person I could assume was a manager was caught up in hugging my server not ensuring guest satisfaction.
BRU is definitely not my favorite bar in Philly.  BUT I need to give them props for being an excellent location to meet up for a happy hour.

First of all, BRU is massive.  There is a ton of seating and a huge bar.  This is a great location for an after-work happy hour, place to kill time between a wedding ceremony/reception, or a centrally located place near subways, trains, etc. to meet up with friends coming into the city or from around the city.

The happy hour specials seemed pretty good- appetizers were $5, pretzels and beers $4.  We had a large group (10 people) so we snagged a long table and settled in for a good night.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers for the table to share, which were tasty but unmemorable.  They have a great beer list (especially if you like German beers) but if you are looking for other libations, you might be disappointed (a friend ordered wine and was VERY disappointed)

I'll probably come back to BRU if I'm meeting a group for happy hour, but I don't think I'd visit again for a date night or dinner.
Went Saturday night, hoping to enjoy the atmosphere. The bartenders were so drunk they couldn't remember orders. In the 5-7 minutes we were at the bar, the bartender who was struggling to speak to us ripped three shots. One by herself, two with other staff. They would stop paying attention to customers to pour themselves shots. They grabbed the soda gun  multiple times and sprayed the crowd. People asked them to stop and got a spray to the face. Then the drunk bartender then threw napkins at people. We asked for an itemized receipt because we were charged $30 for rail vodka soda and the bartender couldn't figure out how to do it. I've been in the past and had good experiences but this was appalling.
Good food and good portions here. I had the spicy wurst which came with sauerkraut and potatoes. I also had a side of fries with cheese and bacon. 
Nice decor and they also had a few tables outdoors as well. 
The music was a little too loud for my taste for a late dinner(8 o'clock) but it was manageable.
Who knew that you could make spaetzle taste like one of those microwave cups of Easy Mac? I didn't until last night. I did something I haven't done in ages last night.. blindly walk into a restaurant without looking it up on Yelp beforehand. Ugh what was I thinking? Came here was was greeted by women in spandex and suspenders.. is this there idea of a German beer hall outfit? 

Ordered a beer with my boyfriend and got a bratwurst and an order of spaetzle. My beer was whatever (hoffbrau I knew what I was getting) my boyfriend's beer was warm though. Bleh. Bratwurst was greasy like it came from a state fairground and the spaetzle was probably the most disgusting thing I ate in a while. Well attempted to eat anyways. It was a plate of mush with hard out of season vegetables on top of it. Such a sad display of such a dish when done properly is wonderful. We couldn't eat more than two bites of it.

Service was bleak. Got our check and got out of there was fast as we could. 

If you're looking for a place with crappy food, crappy service, and okay beer filled with an after work crowd.. this is the place for you..
I've been here twice now while on business in Philly. The tap selection is great - I always find something I can't get back home. The food selection is unique and interesting, but might be a bit challenging for vegetarians. The space itself is very hip, but not especially comfortable - the bar stools are hard-backed and not very accommodating for people with short legs (like me). There's also a patio out back which is great when the weather is nice.

The reason I've given BRU 3 stars instead of 4 is the Hooters-like vibe of the staff. The males wear regular t-shirts and jeans while the women employees wear hot pants, suspenders, and low-cut tops. I just don't love the image this gives off - women are to be objectified while men aren't. Although I enjoyed my beer and food, I think I'll avoid this place on any future trips to Philly.
BRÜ always came up when debating the next bar on a weekend crawl. The vibe goes from restaurant to happy hour crowds wearing suits to night time with loud music that's sure to induce some lost voices the next morning. 

They have quite the beer selection and their German finger food is nothing to write off. I always try a new beer whenever I'm here. As for food, give the currywurst a try - fries and chopped hot dogs slathered by a unique curry sauce (better than poutine)! The service is nice and attentive at both the bar and the tables.

Note, theres a back entrance that's directly across from McGillin's.
What a dump. Jesus.

Came in mid afternoon on a Monday hoping for a quick but good meal. Based on the prices I assumed I'd be getting better than just generic bar food.

Got cheese curds for $8. They were just ok. Very typical bar app stuff.

But I paid $15 for a burger that was worse than what you'd get for $8 at a Smash Burger or Five Guys. Seriously it was overpriced and just not that good.

And at $3 for iced tea, plus tax and tip, I ended up paying $35 for a shitty bar lunch. Total rip off.
A friend of mine was very excited to check this place out so we went for happy hour with a group of coworkers and the service was absolutely terrible. Towards the end of happy hour it took about 20 minutes to get a drink. After seeing my friend struggle to get the attention of the bartenders I tried to help and eventually one did come over to us. We were told that we were purposely being ignored because no one in our group had been tipping which was in fact not true as we had just tipped 25% on the drinks we ordered earlier. We tried to explain this and were cut off mid sentence and sworn at. After getting our drinks and walking away I turned around and watched the bartender go complain to the other bartenders about what had happened. The three of them huddled in a corner and angrily gossiped as probably 30 people stood at the bar trying to order drinks. I have never had an experience like this at a bar and was truly shocked and very uncomfortable having a bartender scream at me for not tipping her. Especially after we had been nothing but polite to the staff and were only trying to get a couple drinks after a long day at work. 

In addition to this the staff is mostly female and dressed in fishnets with short black spandex over them and tight black tops. Every bartender and waitress also had on very heavy makeup. I found this to turn what looked like a cool bar into a weird atmosphere very clearly targeted at males. 

I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt and thought maybe the bartender was simply having a bad day and took it out on us, but after reading similar reviews I will never go back. Nor would I recommend this place to anyone else. There are many other German bars and beer gardens in the area with much better beer and excellent service.
So, i'm going to tell you about BRU's pretzel served with gouda cheese sauce. I think  that the crispiness and flakiness of the pretzel and the moistness of the cheese creates a wonderful texture. The pretzel itself is a little dry but the sauce creates an awesome taste. Well, that's all folks . 
I would go back here for the pretzel.

reviewed Agent A
So I can see why people like BRU, but I probably won't go back.

The food is good. The beer is good. You can get comparable food and beer at Frankford Hall for cheaper and enjoy yourself more, though.

The waitstaff sucks. If it's crowded (and it often is, especially around happy hour) it will take you decades to get a beer. When I sat down to eat one unfortunate night, no one came to even take my drink order for 15-20 minutes. I will say that my appetizers arrived promptly but I was expected to eat it without silverware or napkins. Yep, they sat us somewhere with no place settings, brought out our food, and when we realized we didn't have silverware our waitress was nowhere to be found. We asked another one but she never brought it. Our dinner took like 2 hours, it was annoying.

I also hate the throngs of bros who seem to thrive here, but that's obviously personal preference.

It's loud as FUCK in here, so if you're going for dinner, choose your time wisely. Between the music and the crowds of people, you won't be able to hear whomever you're with.
With 38 beers on tap and a seemingly endless bottle list, beer lovers would love BRU Craft and Wurst.

So yeah, we were *those* people that got the Boot. I mean, we had friends from out of town, we wandered into BRU, and we felt like it would be a great story. It was quite a bit of cash (around $45 including the beer), but we got an absolute delicious Hefeweizen that really hit the spot (always ask the waitresses for recommendations). It's a lot of beer, even for the four of us, but definitely a fun thing to do with friends and you get to keep the boot afterwards. The bar itself has a really nice ambiance to it, with a nice long bar space, table service, and the pour-it-yourself bar station. The waitresses were exceedingly friendly. 

I can't speak for the happy hour crowd, but for taking around out-of-towners or just hanging out for locals, BRU will satiate your German Bier cravings.
This place is basically like hooters with mediocre german beer and food. The service was pretty good, and the girls all wear these ridiculous leggings slash tight booty shorts. I mean, I'm a guy, so I'm not complaining too much. But obviously there is a certain clientele they want here, and it's not the quasi-effeminate metrosexual guy with his female friends, who happen to just want good german food and beer.

That being said, the food was ok, nothing spectacular. The brussel sprouts were soggy, not crispy. I prefer mine either crispy or just a bit blanched/fresher -- either way, with a bit of a crunch. If you like brussels soggy and overcooked, this is the place for you.

The potato and apple pancakes sounded great, and I was really excited. Unfortunately, the apples being mixed into the potato pancakes prevented them from becoming crispy. And the flavor wasn't that great either. I think I prefer traditional potato pancakes done properly, with some applesauce on the side. Or for them to make these things crispier...can't be that hard.

Also had a chicken apple sausage brat thing. It was covered in way too much sauerkraut which didn't have anything but a canned flavor. I ended up scraping most of that off and just eating the sausage itself. Even that sausage didn't have a great flavor, not very interesting at all. The chicken apple sausages out of the package at any grocery store taste better...and I rarely eat that nonsense either.

I wouldn't come back unless I was rolling with "bros" about 10 deep. So I'll never be back.

It gets a star because the servers were nice, and because they have a cool beer setup.
After a day of sampling at Reading Terminal Market, I ended it right here at Bru! My Philly friend sure knows the good spots! Went there during happy hour and we had a great spot. The ambiance is huge but pleasant. The beer selection is ridiculously insane! I got this great mint chocolate stout for $4! Yeah tasted f**kin good!! Oh, starters are $5 so got myself Currywurst! Damn that was good! My server Elizabeth was sweet and cordial, so my first trip was well worth it! Look forward to coming back again!
We were walking around, exploring Philedelphia and decided to stop here because they had a small outdoor area, and we grabbed some brews.  It was mid-Friday and I have no idea what was going on inside but it was really dark and wild, haha.  Huge beer list!
Review is only for Bar!!!

We had planned to go here and have some apps and some drinks before heading to another place. It was a Saturday evening at about 5pm... this place was CRAZY. You would have thought it was midnight and it was the coolest place in town. We were shocked how crowded it was but it was a good time. We threw the idea of apps out the window and joined people at the bar.... It is a 20s something hang out on a Saturday. At least that night it was. The bartenders are upbeat, pretty and attentive. The drinks were flowing and we were making friends with people at the bar.
Sadly I can't speak for the food because we didn't end up eating there - maybe next time.
The cool sign, great location, never ending list of beers, loaded french fries and the fun German Hipster vibe all make me want to like BRU. But sadly the service sucked, which ruined the experience. 

I was recently at BRU for a fundraising event. For $10 you received one drink and access to an extended happy hour (Happy Hour here is great, $4 beers and $5 bites). Special seating in the back was even reserved for the event, which was great since the bar can get pretty crowded on a Thursday night. 

It took over 20 minutes for the waitress to come take my drink order, and when she brought the drink she was not even sure if it was correct. Getting additional drinks the rest of the night was a struggle as our waitress cared more about socializing and checking her phone.  

When the checks came, they were completely messed up. Our waitress even handed us back a a receipt with a credit card that didn't belong to us.
I love this place. Its so much fun. They have a ton of different beer selections. I had great pumpkin beer. They do have some seating in the back. They had awesome music playing so i was able to have some fun dancing!!! It does get pretty crowded and the restrooms also have lines. But great place to go for the night!
Came here for pliney the younger which was handled well however the pours were small. They have a great beer selection on draft and bottles and I had quite a few while I was here. I also had a brisket sandwich which was really good. The service we had was very good and the waitress was very friendly.
Came here for a drink after dinner and it was surprisingly dead, but no line or cover though - maybe due to the Memorial Day weekend but next door, Tradesman looked more lively. We were able to get a menu and order drinks pretty easily - they have a great selection of beers that changes based on the season. I can't remember the beer I tried but it had mango in it and was pretty tasty. 

There was also a DJ that was playing all my favorite high school 2000 jams - Nelly, Shaggy, Akon, you name it! It started getting more packed as the night went on but we left soon after. I would definitely come back for the music alone.
Girls night out at BRU was a success! We sat by the fire pit and wound up staying all night.  The fire pit was a game changer where we didn't even realize how late it got or that we were on a sidewalk.  We split a bunch of apps for dinner and got the pierogies, cheese curds, pretzel, and truffle fries.  Having only come here for drinks previously, we were shocked at how the good the food was.  The truffle fries and the cheese curds were our favorite.  The cheese curds came with this sticky jam sauce that was amazing!  Our server Christian was attentive and super funny.  I would recommend this bar to anyone! I liked BRU before COVID and this was my first time back since and was not disappointed at all.
Arrived full of excitement and anticipation on National Pretzel Day 2018. I love German beer, and I LOVE pretzels. I already knew that BRU had my very favorite beer (Weihenstephaner Hefeweissbier), and I knew they had a great happy hour, but WOW! I didn't expect the small glass size to be so...not small! The Bavarian pretzel was also a pretty hefty size (and also priced for happy hour), and really delicious. It was softer than I was expecting, almost airy, which isn't what I usually expect from a pretzel, but this was certainly a nice variant. I will admit that I was less than enamored with the cheese dip though; I was expecting the gouda dip that it seems they used to serve (based on previous reviews) but instead we got the current obatzda dip on the menu, which didn't have enough of a kick or bite to work for me. Next time I will ask for mustard instead, I hope they have that as an option too.

I also have to give serious props for the service, we were seated at a table in the back and our waitress Talia was super sweet and attentive. I also really liked the atmosphere, bustling in the early evening but not crazy loud so it was still possible to have a conversation without needing to shout. Will definitely be coming back for more happy hours, and maybe even a meal at some point!
We got the brisket grilled cheese.  Let the debates begin; 1. Is a Brisket Cheesesteak a cheesesteak.  2 If a Brisket Cheesesteak is a Cheesesteak, then is brisket on a grilled cheese, a cheesesteak?  Anyway you slice, it was a good sandwich.  The sourdough bread and cheese did dominate so as a grilled cheese I guess they have to so I can't complain about a very little amount of brisket.  But for $13 I think I deserve more meat.  It did come with fries.  We were there for happy hour pricing on draft beers and I was very happy for that, $4.  Service was very good.  I know I'm in Center City but at $13 please give me more meat.  Very good overall experience.
Amazing place! I hosted a local Christmas party downstairs and the staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. The beer selection is an extensive collection of locals and the food is great. Their wings are delicious. They had a group of bands playing and a nice crowd for a Monday. The manager, Hank, was a very accommodating person to work with in planning the event.
If you're beer fanatic and haven't been to BRÜ, you're missing out.  This bar has a ton of different kinds of beer, so you'll surely find one you like.  The interior is clean and decorated nicely--think wood!  The layout is set up to enter at two different spots, one from Chestnut Street and the other from the alley Drury Street.  The Chestnut side has outdoor seating, while the Drury side features a huge garage door style that opens up when the weather is nice.   One unique feature this bar has is their Bier Wall.  It has six different self serving taps that they rotate out.  There's no waiting in line at the bar so it takes out that frustrating part of being at a bar.  You buy a "Haus Key" that has a prepaid amount on it and you put the key up the your selected beer with its magnet.  After you select it, the appropriate amount is deducted from the key.  My one complaint about this is you have to buy the key for $5.  I think it would go over better if they rented these out.  My question to them was what if I was in town just visiting?  What am I going to do with it after I leave.
Went on a nice fall day with a group of colleagues for our coworker's birthday lunch. It's located closer to Broad Street off of Chestnut Street.  It was a bit of a walk for us, but well worth it.  They have a nice opening area in the back looking out at Drury Street with a straight view of McGillen's Ale House.  The restaurant/bar has a very nice decor and what you expect of a German themed craft hall.  Since it was lunch it wasn't at all busy and look forward to coming to a happy hour at some point.  They had lunch specials and each of us had some variety of the wurst.  The service was up to par and didn't have any complaints.  I've also been to Brauhaus Schmitz on South Street and I would say this place compares pretty well.  Looking forward to coming back.
Good beer selection and awesome happy hour for the menu they have. Great bar area and the food is cooked to perfection. Friendly staff! You won't be disappointed at all. Did I mention the beer selections are great mostly local stuff if they is what your looking for
We used to come here every now and then for dinner since we live right around the corner and it's convenient and easier to get into than better restaurants in the area. Unfortunately we will never be back after this past Saturday.

The bouncer here displayed blatant racism kicking out our one non white friend who was just standing there talking to our group while our other friend (white) was clearly actually hammered yet nothing was done. Could not give us a single reason why he felt the need to kick him out. Based on other reviews there's a pattern of this treatment so I would recommend you steer clear if you are not white.

Then to top it off, one of our other friends got punched twice in the face with a beer bottle while defending an LGBQT couple from a drunk asshole (to be fair they kicked the asshole out right away but still, you get the idea of the people who hang out here). So also steer clear of this place if you're not straight. 

Gross place and gross people hanging out and working there. Good riddance to this trash pit.

Also food sucks and is over priced. Here's to hoping this place gets shut down soon and replaced with something more representative of the Gayborhood it resides in (I.e. amazing food and welcoming staff and patrons).
Delicious food and an awesome location. Say at the bar and met a lot of locals and tourists. If the locals go there then you know it's good!
I was attempting to have a drink at BRU last Friday night but never went in because the man checking IDs screamed in my face when I could not hear, over the extremely loud music, that he wanted to take my bottled water.  I would have happily understood and given it up but before I could he leaned in and aggressively yelled in my face. I was not drunk, I was out for drinks on a Moms night out.  I will never, ever go here again.  To allow a grown man to work your door that speaks to woman in this way is disgusting and you deserve none of my money, ever.  Good luck to those who think it's ok to be treated that way. Have fun there.
I have to admit that I've walked in and out of Bru several times because it was so overcrowded that I couldn't get a beer at the bar - this always occurred on a weekend night, so I shouldn't really be surprised.  Finally last Saturday, my friend and I decided to stop by for lunch and some booze on a sunny Saturday afternoon.  The restaurant wasn't crowded and we were able to get a seat on the McGillin's side.

The waitress came right over to get our drink orders and, as many have already mentioned, they have a vast selection of beers available (no need to say any more about that).  For our lunch, we split the kase spatzel, wurst plate (we selected chorizo), and Bru fries.  Within 10 minutes, the food was brought out and it was awesome!  The best out of the three was the spatzel!  The brussels sprouts were a delicious addition and really gave the spatzel a unique taste (I would come back just for this).  The fries were also tasty with a generous helping of gravy, sausage, and muenster on top.   Also nothing bad to say about the wurst - the accompaniments of spicy mustards, potatoes, and sauerkraut was just what we needed.   

I really enjoyed my daytime experience at Bru; nighttime is a whole different animal that I'd like to avoid.  If you're in the city, stop by and grab some delicious!
I've been to Bru a few times for drinks, but yesterday (Saturday) afternoon was my first time eating there. Service was prompt and the staff was friendly. Our server (I believe her name was Kiara) was good. We were in around "linner" so it wasn't packed at all. 

We got the Bavarian pretzel appetizer. It was just okay. It's $6 for one decent sized pretzel and some cold cheese dip. We also ordered the Fried Chicken sandwich and Bru Burger, which we split. The burger was delicious! Perfect flavor pairings throughout the whole thing. The burger tasted fresh and was juicy. The Fried Chicken sandwich was good, but I felt it was lacking in the flavor department just a little. The fries are tiny and skinny - I could've skipped them all together. We drank a mule and one of the beers off their extensive beer list - three aged philosophers or something like that. Both were on point. 

Bru is definitely a great place for drinks, I've never been disappointed. Food was good, but I have a feeling their strong suit in sausages is probably where people should order. 

I'd return and do recommend.
In my opinion, Bru is in violation of EEOC as it pertains to Sex Discrimination & Work Situations; the uniforms for women staff are clearly more revealing than that of the male staff's black jeans and t-shirt uniforms-  yet they pool tips. Women who want to work at Bru must wear body suits, fishnet stockings, and low-cut shirts to make the same amount of money as men who are allowed to wear long pants and cotton t-shirts. I advise any person of integrity to avoid a place that requires and promotes such overt inequality as a condition for employment.
Brü was a great time albeit a bit weird and random too. They can come off as dark German beer hall and also as a bit Hooters-like but women that are more scantily clad than one would originally think. As a woman, I'm conflicted. But what they lack in decency, they make up for great beers, a nice bartender, and good German bar food. 

Perhaps it's because I came for my birthday on a Monday evening but my friends and I were able to get a corner of the bar and just order foods to share, drink nice German beers (or American in their extensive list) for a nice time. 

It's a nice place to go in Center City for a good time with friends who like beer and hanging out overall. Would definitely come back!
The first Saturday of April was unofficially the end of our extended winter and the sun soaked city was the perfect back drop for boo and I's engagement photos. After two and a half hours of posing I felt that a couple of brewskis were more than appropriate so once we finished up we headed over to BRU to get some apps and do the damn thing. Apparently we weren't the only ones with the idea because the joint was jumping. 

We had a 15 minute wait for our table which was totally fine because they have some of the clearest TVs I've ever seen at a bar and the Flyers game was on. Unfortunately no matter how good the TVs looked they could not make Bryzgolov look any better than the Moscow sized disappointment he is. Despite how busy they were the bartenders were very attentive and we were never with an empty glass for long.

Upon being sat we were handed a very simple but ample menu that had some very enticing options that was all priced very moderately. Since we were going out for dinner later on we opted to get two appetizers, the pretzel with some sort of angelic cheese dip, and a lamb kabob on flat bread. It was so so good. I really wanted the Currywurst which was a brat cut up on top of french fries with curried ketchup but I was convinced not to since apparently I'd be having fries with dinner (seems like a lame reason looking back on it). 

I'm really looking forward to going back on an off night when they will have the garage doors open and a Phillies game on. The staff at BRU is so nice and accommodating, the decor is unique and for being so new I thought things were already running flawlessly. So great to have them in the neighborhood!!
More of a beer haus than a biergarten... since it's completely indoors. The beers here are fine. The food is a little overpriced since the sandwiches don't come with fries. And the fries cost almost as much as a sandwich. The options are very limited in terms of food and drink, but the draw is the ambiance. The decor and vibe is pretty cool. I've been here three times this month because my friends love the Center City location, but the service has been pretty poor every time. 

I'd rather take the trip to Frankford Hall.
No line and no cover on a friday night. Great music (2000s hiphop and r&b), wide selection of beers and good ambiance. It was empty for Memorial Day weekend but have been here on other weekends when it can be packed and hard to move.
Boots and Beer Garden in down town Philly ?!?!  Yes please.  This place has a ton of options, and is best visited in a large group.  You can buy a glass boot and play my favorite drinking game, the boot game.  You pass the boot around the table (this can be done clockwise or counter clockwise).  The boot continues to circulate until it is finished.  Here is the strategy.   The person who drinks PRIOR to the person who finishes the boot has to buy the next boot.  There is some strategy and gamesmanship as it comes down to the end.  Your Welcome!!
Have now been here twice-- once midday on a Wednesday, out of existential frustration, and again last Wednesday evening. I certainly prefer the place empty by the light of day, with the chill bartender and lone patrons. Light allows one to appreciate the design of the walls and the absence of unnecessarily scantily-clad waitresses. 

Evenings, the waitresses are out with exceptionally short lederhosen (even though they're traditionally menswear) and lace tights, a self-congratulating bro grins for a photo with das boot, the lights are low, the music is a somewhat- incongruous playlist, presumably the result of staff compromise. 

The beer list, from what I've skimmed and imbibed, is a nice collection of a fair number of quality beers that could satisfy most people. Bru also has the Crabbie's ginger beer, of which I am in full support. The Brussels sprouts have a satisfying consistency, although there is more parm and bacon than sprouts. Somehow they avoid being too salty, and I enjoyed them. The Bavarian pretzel was also delicious, diminished if anything by the smoked gouda fondue. That dip was a tad gritty and lackluster. 

tl;dr -- I'd give Bru another go.
Stopped here on a whim for a quick beer and a bite before heading out of town.  Nice, open space with a relaxed vibe (note: I was here on a Wednesday afternoon, not a Saturday night.)  There are about 30 taps, not counting those on the beer wall in the back.  Only three of them were macro and the rest were American craft (~2/3) and German (~1/3) beers.  The menu was limited, but perhaps I just thought that because I wanted Jägerschnitzel and it wasn't on there.  I ordered a Warsteiner Premium Dunkel and a Schnitzel sandwich- the Schnitzel was perfection!  I was skeptical about the greens in the sandwich and thought about ordering it without them, but I'm glad I didn't because the whole thing was really good.

Kelly was an excellent server with a warm personality and gave me the scoop on this new spot: grand opening is tomorrow, all the food is made from scratch, and the beer wall (which dispenses as much or as little as one wants and charges by the ounce) is the second in the country.  (Do you know where the first one was installed?  Scroll down for the answer!)  She mentioned that they'll soon be adding a happy hour, which I look forward to taking advantage of, and asked for feedback on the food for the kitchen, which I am always happy to give :) 

I must also say that I appreciated the superb music they played, which could have enticed me to stay and drink all day if I didn't have a Megabus to catch.  Some of my favorite 90s stuff that you don't hear very often, like old school Incubus and "All You Need" by Sublime.  Keep it up!




Answer to the trivia question: Michigan
I just left this place. It's beer week and happy hour, so I understand that it's going to be really crowded, but service is really slow.  It's so slow that I waited at the bar for about 20 minutes and not one bartender even acknowledged me. We resorted to waving our hands to get their attention, but they really didn't look up much.  We were able to get a table, and it was the same result. In about 15 minutes not one waitress came up to our table. Plenty walked by. Giving this place 2 stars because the girl at the front was somewhat nice, so it wasn't a completely horrible experience.
Good music. Good beer. Good fries. Veggie burger.....ahhhhh not so much. It was mushy....so not cool. 

We ordered veggie burgers. Took 30 minutes to come out and they bring two regular burgers. Reordered with veggie burgers and that took 40 minutes. And they were mushy. Mushy to the point where it was falling apart as soon as you picked up the burger. The manager said its like that because they make them in house and sear them in a pan. Still wouldn't make it mushy. 

Glad I live in Cali I won't be back here anytime soon.
I'm a bit of a beer snob but this place has a lengthy list of drafts organized into lists by countries which they're brewed. The list is always rotating!  The also have a variety of bottles, but you won't even be tempted to get a bottle because they have so many great things on draft. Their food menu is comprised of German dishes: bratwurst, pretzels, schnitzel, etc. The curry ketchup is a must try, very interesting flavor. 
If you go during Center City SIPS or on a weekend night it's going to be PACKED.

They have a lot of seating but during these busy times, it's a sea of people and very hard to find a place to settle in. The music is great, but it's very loud. If you do happen to snag a table during one of their busy times, you're gonna have to shout to the person across the table from you so you can hear each other. I think it's a great place for lunch or happy hour, but on weekends it's more of a big party with booming music. 

They have a self-serve tap which is pretty cool. Just purchase a "Bru Button" when you get there. No waiting for the bartender, just go right up, swipe your button, pour your beer straight from the tap, and cheers!
I am confused by this restaurant. Due to the German menu and German-heavy beer selection, I was excited for a modern, chic-German spot. Instead, it delivered a conflict of interest. Both the food and beer menu were good. However, the extremely loud hip-hop and pop-mix music at 6:30pm  (on a Thursday night- not just Friday/Saturday) was odd to me. Not that I need to hear German music, but something more tame and inviting would have drawn me in for a second visit. 
  Secondly, the server outfits...they look like burlesque dancers. See-through black lace hose with only cheekies on and a bustier? Where in Germany are they wearing that? 
  The food was good,  pub grub. I highly recommend the sausage gravy fries. It was huge, and hugely delicious.
We usually have a great time at Bru, sitting outside across from Macys on a nice day. Recently, we were terribly disappointed by the service. At a time when there were very few other patrons, we asked if we could sit outside... where we were promptly forgotten. We went inside to remind the hostess that we were there and finally got menus. After another 10 minutes, we returned our menus and left for a beer nearby at Nodding Head Brewery. The snide looks we received from the girls at the host station on our way out made us feel like we were somehow being inconsiderate. Bru, so sorry for inconveniencing you by coming while your ladies were still doing their makeup.
Bru works well as a nightlife option when in need of a compromise between a lively party scene and good beer. The tap list at Bru is ample and very reasonably priced; half liters of quality German beers can be had at $6-8, with American micros served in smaller portions but at similarly manageable costs. This place can get crowded, but you can always find a piece of real estate for you and your group somewhere in the venue. A DJ plays fairly loud music on the weekends so conversation may be difficult, but it's never night club level deafening.

I've only had the Bru Fries here (bacon gravy, muenster cheese, sausage) which were delicious, if not a little oversalted, but other foodie friends have recommended the rest of the German grub the kitchen puts out. My only complaint about this place is that the beer never tastes as pristine as at other, suds-focused spots. That characteristic implies Bru probably doesn't keep its tap lines squeaky clean, especially on the weekends when this effect is far more noticeable. 

This tradeoff, fortunately, is small relative to this places' general acceptability as a nightlife option to most people. I find myself coming back here often for decent beer, a buzzing scene, and generally good times on weekends. If you want to sit and have a conversation with friends, this place probably won't meet your criteria on the weekends, but this place provides a great middle ground between those in need of tasty beer and those who frequent venues like Ladder, Public House, or other energetic, young professional Philly bars.
This place has the potential to be great. We must have looked too "main stream" for our hipster server to spend much time with us. The beer list is extensive and when we needed a few minutes, she was really put out. 

The list was a little too obscure with most beer we had never heard of, and my group knows beer! 

They did have 2 gluten free beers on the list, so that was a bonus! 

We had a lot of fun with the photo booth/screen.
My friends and I went out to celebrate our friends' engagement and ended up at BRU. We were able to go downstairs when it was empty and pretty much had the whole space to ourselves which was nice (I did see that it turned into a club afterwards and you could no longer just come downstairs from the upstairs part to get it- there was a separate entrance outside to the downstairs area with a line and a bouncer). We ordered a few small bites and they were all delicious. We ordered the nachos, the pretzels and the sausage and peppers. The sausage and peppers were AMAZING. They were slightly spicy which I think all sausages should be and everything was cooked to perfection. As it got later, they started bumping up the music and it was now definitely more of a club. I would definitely come back to dine upstairs!
Saw "Doner Kebeb" on the menu outside. Loved them when i live in Berlin, Germany. It is supposed to have crispy lamb (that is how it was in Germany) and according to their menu. It was not crispy lamb. It was pot roast. I asked for coke, they gave me diet coke twice, finally settled on ginger ale. I asked for mayonaise for my pommes frites. They only had garlic or spicy mayo. The servers kept sneaking off downstairs in the Ubahn. I emailed the owner and he didnt reply.

Here is my email to you that you couldn't understand or reply to:
"I saw your menu in the window and got very excited about seeing Doner Kebab on it. I ordered a coke and and a kebab with frites (should have been quick and tasty). It was not cruchy lamb as your menu reads. It was beef. It was not crunchy either. It was no tzatziki on it. It was spicy mayo. I got diet coke not coke also. When the server returned the second one was not coke either (why dont you keep cans of coke behind the bar?). I finally settled on ginger ale. I asked for mayo for my fries. You dont have basic mayo? The fries were good. The garlic mayo was not. I was afraid to go downstairs to the UBahn. Needless to say i did not enjoy my stop at Bru."

As far as your "server" goes she spent more time at the bar or downstairs in the UBAHN than paying attention to customers.

I noticed you turned your attention away from the fact I received poor service and food (and decided to deride me). The fact that that the kebabs where not correctly made (roast beef instead of crunchy lamb) or the fact I was given diet coke 2 times doesn't deserve attention (I mentioned keeping the coke cans behind the bar because either your server or bartender doesn't know the difference between coke and diet coke). I was sitting alone because I came in alone (duh). I sat where I sat because I was watching the sports channel and lip reading because of course the volumn wasn't high enough to understand them over the music. I'm sure your "beer selection" is what most people come here for and it's also what makes them forget about the bad food and service.

BTW I would eat fast food (which in Germany Doner Kebabs are) any where else in this great city of Philadelphia and the service would be better and the food prepared correctly.

I was very nice to your waitress/server. So your server considers it rude to complain about being served diet coke instead of coke (her job is to get the order correct). You serve me pot roast instead of crunchy lamb (i know the difference between lamb and beef, your chef obviously doesnt). I realize lamb costs more but dont try to pawn beef off as lamb. As a customer all i wanted is what i ordered. 

I've given 28 reviews on Yelp. How many have been negative?
Turns into a dance club at night on Saturdays and they keep it oddly very very dark. They really do not have the space for a dance club and it is very crowded and loud. If you want to see and have some space go to McGillians across the ally.
"Their liverwurst is better than most sex I've had".--Actual quote we overheard from someone here.

Beer list is good and the wait staff is very nice and patient, even when they are busy, but not in a rush to go back. 

Pretty loud atmosphere, and the food menu is limited. Not looking to have 100 options, but just surprised they didn't have a couple more conventional options.

If I am going to do German, would go to Brauhaus Schmitz or Frankford Hall.

Just might not be right for me.
I've only been here once, but I had nothing to complain. We walked in on a Saturday night, and of course it was very busy. But the weather was nice enough, so we sat outside. M and I were looking for a no-nonsense meal, so we ordered 2 beers, the wurst plate and the wiener schnitzel. Our server gave me the choice of 4 sausages, and I chose the traditional bratwurst. I initially thought it came with 1 bratwurst, but it actually came with 2 sausages. 

We both liked our food very much. I grew up on the border of Germany, and M lived in Germany for many years. The food we had was just like it is in Germany, so if you want authentic go here. 

Because we sat outside I can't say anything about what's going on inside. However, I will return!
The drinks were really good, and the atmosphere is nice. It's well decorated and has a great feel to it. The beers they have are SO good! Unfortunately, I will not be returning. I came for Center City Sips in a group of about 6, and each of us ordered around 2 drinks. When ordering my second drink I stood at the bar for about 15 minutes waiting. Someone (not a bartender) was behind the bar cleaning and he noticed how long I was waiting, and tapped one of the bartenders on the shoulder. I then waited another 10 minutes. Finally, a bartender came up and very aggressively said she did not want to serve us because my group had not been tipping. Not only was this incorrect, but it was very rude. I know I had given them a 5 for a 4 dollar drink, and my friend who was waiting with me had done the same. I told her (as politely as possible) this and she responded with "that's bullshit", and proceeded to make me and my friend two very weak drinks. Safe to say, I was very taken aback and do not recommend this bar at all.
Meh, the food was okay(overcooked), the Service was terrible at best. It's a really cool looking place, the waitresses were both hot and scantily clad, but I wouldn't go there again.
German establishments are the best thing. The beer list here is insane, it takes up a majority of the menu. Waitresses are dressed in cute uniforms and the overall atmosphere is lively, warm, and fun. The fries, pretzel and bacon wrapped pickles were bomb! 

Definitely recommend this place for hanging out with a group of friends, or for meeting new people!
I came here for happy hour and during an evening stroll while visiting the area. Happy Hour is awesome, and they have great specials for an impressive selection of beers. It seemed fairly easy to get a seat, and the service was attentive. 

Now later on in the evening, it was a bit more wild. It definitely got a lot more crowded and loud. I wouldn't necessarily think that would be out of place on a weekend night, but keep that in mind if you plan to stop by for a late dinner.
This is one of those cases where, for me, the look and the idea of a place outweighs the actual experience/overall impression.  Now, to be fair, I don't feel "meh" about the place as a whole like the two stars represents, but I didn't feel it was a three-star worthy experience, either.  I would have said 2.5, but as we know, that's not possible on Yelp.  I was so looking forward to checking this place out -- I work close by and have had my eye on it to check out for a while now...so perhaps it was just a case of expecting too much?  Going at the wrong time on the wrong day?  I don't know.  I just know I think there's room for some improvement.

The beer selection has a wide variety.  There's truly something for everyone.  Plus.  BUT, the beer menus seem haphazardly organized.  You're handed a clipboard with multiple pieces of paper, two of which have beer selections.  (The other is food, which I'll get to).  Now, perhaps it's because I didn't have the time to figure out why (was only here for a quick round or two), but I thought two sheets of beers was odd/unnecessary.  Minus.

As for the food, I can't talk about the taste or quality because this was solely a liquid diet trip.  BUT, I wasn't impressed with the selection.  Choices seemed quite limited, and I was expecting more.  Minus on the selection, neutral overall since I didn't get to try anything.

The open garage door in the back affords some nice open air seating.  Plus.  The tables are large, communal, picnic-style with benches.  But they're VERY close together -- so close that I had the pleasure of feeling the woman seated behind me flip her hair onto my back every five seconds as she attempted to flirt with her date.  Minus.  A big table would be great for a large group, but otherwise, sharing is kind of a downer -- especially when you basically have to help the staff bus the table since you're more easily able to access it than she is.  Minus.  I also thought it was odd that the three people at the end of our table had one waitress, while we had another one altogether.  That was just weird.

But I liked the potential for fun after-work happy hour trips, and the plethora of TVs is always a plus in my book (but what was with the ones playing nothing but nonstop infomercials??)
Reminds me a trendy garden beer hall. Good food and decent list of beer. I ordered the pull brisket sandwich, mainly because it came with fried pickles. 

It's a great place to accommodate a large party. We sat in the back that had nice hug windows. 

I recommend this place if you are looking for a laid back  environment with a good selection of beer.
My friends & I actually ended up here twice on Saturday.. once during the day & again later on that night.  Both times the waitress was friendly & knowledgable, suggesting beers based on what we liked/disliked/etc.  We didn't order any food (liquid diet kind of day) but everything on the menu looked really good.  Kind of like a less-authentic Brauhaus.  
There were a few not-so-great things though..
The "Pour Your Own Beer" tap set-up was unavailable (you have to buy a $5 button/card to use the taps) because they had run out of the buttons.  My friends were in the mood for an Allagash White, which is only located on the self-service taps, so they were out of luck.  
The music around 11pm on Saturday was bizarre.  It was like a ultra-mashup kind of thing, but they only played 20-30 seconds of each song & then changed to something completely different.  I don't know if they were trying to get people to dance or just get in to the music, but it's hard to do that when the song is changing every 20 seconds.
Last but not least, this is a big (and crowded) place to only have 2 small bathroom stalls.  I heard from one of the guys we were with that the men's set-up wasn't much better.  I'm sure they were restricted by the size of the building or something like that, but there are going to be some serious waits for those bathrooms!

All in all, definitely a good place to go.. seems like they just have a few kinks to work out.  I'll definitely be back!
I have been to BRÜ maybe 4-6 times over the last few years and I have always had a good experience. Most recently, I was here on Memorial Day for lunch and a beer around 1:30pm. The bar and restaurant were maybe 25% filled, which was surprising considering the time and that it was a holiday. Every other time I have been to BRÜ it has been insanely packed, so this was a welcome change. Staff is always really nice but service can be a little slow. 

Food wise, we both got a beer which were nicely priced and came fresh and cold. We shared the pretzel, fried pickles, and the döner kabob. The pretzel was smaller than I remembered, but that and the cheese dip it was served with were great. The fried pickles were the best thing of the three types of food we ordered. The were fresh and the batter was great. I loved that they were large pickle slices and less batter. The kabob was good and filling, but didn't have much yogurt sauce and it could've used a little hot sauce.
In Philly on business and went for dinner. This will be a regular stop anytime I am in town from now on.
Beer was good and fairly priced. But the service was terrible for it not being a busy night.
I actually liked Bru more than I expected to, but that said, it's still not really my kind of place.

We came here on a Friday night after a long dinner at Fogo. A friend of mine recommended it based on the beer selection, and on that aspect, you won't be disappointed - they've got an awesome selection of German beers that you probably haven't had elsewhere in the area. So they definitely get points on that front.

That said, the experience just wasn't very enjoyable. The bar is very long and narrow, making it feel more crowded than it really is. The beers, while good, are expensive. The music is blaring to the point of distortion - I get it, it's Friday night in the city, you want to play loud music...but come on, if you want that kind of volume, invest in a system that can handle it. I actually have the same speakers in my house. I would never play them that loud.

I might come back here a time when it's a bit lower key, and maybe it will be more enjoyable. But as it was, on a Friday night, I enjoyed my german brew and hit the pavement.
