Sushi, sushi, sushi...Bubblefish offers up lots of it along with items such as ramen, udon and some other rice dishes. But sushi is what they serve up here and they do it well.

Their drink menu is extensive and is served in a large mug. Two people can probably share a drink here. They use lactaid milk (most Asians are lactose intolerant) and black sugar in their drinks instead of processed white sugar. Black sugar contains molasses, potassium, iron, calcium. Healthier than white sugar.

Here is what we ordered:
Takoyaki - Octopus balls
Sushi Burger
Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup
Tonkotsu Ramen

My kiddo had so much fun diving into the Sushi Burger. It was a little messy to eat but they provide you with a sharp knife and fork. The buns are made of sushi rice. It's a pretty good size burger.

Yes, this is more of a sushi restaurant and today we didn't order any, lol. We always love their food presentation, very pretty and everything is very tasty. We will keep coming back to try their other dishes.
I had a really bad experience coming here this past week. My friends and I came here to get some late night grub on a wed night around 930pm. Chinatown places are usually the only places open later on weekdays. 

We were seated by the window and asked the waiter if they took credit card. He said it was cash only because their credit card machine wasn't set up yet. So remember cash only for now. They have an atm machine though in case you need it. We ordered a decent amount of food for the group of 4 ppl we had. I got the fried calamari ($7ish) and chirashi (sashimi over rice)- $16. This place is probably on the pricier side for chinatown but since I got sashimi I'm not really complaining about that. The food wasn't that great- the fried calamari didn't really have any flavor. The chirashi had like 3 pieces of a couple different fishes and was average. After we were done eating the waiter asked us if we wanted more tea. We said yes but then he never came back and we had to ask someone else to get us more tea. At this point I would say I would have given this place between 2-3 stars.

Now the nightmare begins...my friend sees a mouse run into the restaurant from outside. The mouse runs inside between the two entrance doors. It's basically trapped between the two doors running around. Now I know the mouse didn't come from inside because it ran from the trash outside. I'm not saying the restaurant isn't clean because it seemed like it was. The way they handled the mouse situation was a bit appalling. We saw the mouse and mentioned it to the staff who didn't really do anything about it initially. They just stood around while the mouse ran around in between the doors- it was pretty gross. My friend took a picture and that's when they started doing something about it. It was super gross like I don't understand why they didn't do anything about it when we mentioned it because customers have to walk out of those doors to exit...

The one guy comes to try to get the mouse outside but to no avail. That's when he started using a mini flame thrower...I felt like the mouse's tail caught on fire....it was insane. I feel like they could have just used a broom and shooed it outside. So the first guy uses a flame thrower then the 2nd guy traps it with a broom against the wall. First guy then proceeds to stomp on the mouse against the wall. The windows are clear so you can see everything by the way. They finally manage to get the mouse outside ( I think it was kind of still alive but hurt); however they then proceed to kill it outside. It was pretty horrifying. I think they could have really handled it in a different way so customers didn't see the whole fiasco. 

At this point one of the guys comes over and says sorry but wants us to delete any recordings we have of the mouse. I'm pretty sure he only said sorry cuz he thought that would get us to delete the picture we had. Strange.....I would have just apologized and comped the meal. They gave us 10% off the bill which really didn't compensate for what just transpired. 

We were pretty grossed out leaving the place and I just felt like it was REALLY TRAUMATIZING. We didn't need to see that kind of brutality...flame thrower really....

Mouse incident aside...the food isn't that great either especially for the prices.
Jared & I decided to hit up Bubblefish for a late lunch on an easy Sunday afternoon. We both had the spot bookmarked for quite some time and were happy to finally give it a shot.  For those looking for the short review - its worth trying and a must if you like sushi.

Jared got one of the roll specials while I ordered the Chirashi.  We both had a drink - Jared a tea drink while I had a milk shake.  So the Chirashi wasn't quite what was pictured, but was damn close.  Every bit of fish was fresh and flavorful. While it alone did not fill me up, I didn't finish it needing to eat more.  The Guava Banana Milk Shake was huge!  The banana wasn't overpowering but there was only a small hint of guava.  Jared's Spicy Maki Combo was sizable, forcing him to take a few pieces with him.

Service was on point and the place was extremely clean.  I was also surprised how big it was inside - I'm not saying don't make reservations on busy times, but they do seat a lot.  Again, check them out, especially if sushi is your thing.
It's a hybrid boba/sushi cafe/restaurant/lounge. I went on a Sunday night and it was busy but we were seated right away.

We had the eel avocado onigiri, the shrimp onigiri, the sushi and sashimi platter for 2, and the matcha milkshake. It was more than enough food for 2 and we didn't finish everything. Everything was good for what it was: casual sushi and basic boba. I've never gone to a sushi/boba place so it was nice having both but also weird because it's never served at the same place.

It's not my first choice for boba in the area and it's not my first choice for sushi in the area. I'd come back if I was craving both sushi and boba at the same time but there are a bunch of better boba places and other sushi/Japanese options in the area.
Chinatown Philadelphia, born and raised
Drinking Boba was how I spent most of my days

OK I can't back that up. I'll save the rest for a 5 star review.

Better than Bubbafish, which is the nickname of the shrimp caught by Bubba in the movie Forrest Gump. Only cast and crew know this, and of course, I'm both (tosses hair).

So at first, I was absolutely delighted that they have black sugar milk tea here... but a little bit less delighted with the actual product. It was a lacking in something. It didn't taste like brown or black sugar. I was disser-pointed, both with the drink and my spelling.

The service was okay. They're a big, lavish, busy place with a lot of fancy ish sit-down dining going on. It looks like it would be a nice place for a date night. 

But certainly the bubble teas are not too cheap, especially considering the unusual and troubling fact that they only sell large. Despite the excellent selection I wasn't thrilled with the one that I got. Black sugar AKA brown sugar AKA Okinawa is my addiction so I've had way too many of them to count. A lot of places do make them well but a lot of places don't, and this is the latter. At least they make them and for that I will give four stars.

They also have super cute huge fish swimming around in a huge tank, but that makes me kind of sad, as beautiful as they are.

Anyway, kids of Philly, don't mean to burst your Bubble
But the teas at Bubblefish ain't nothin' but bland

See what I did there
See
See?
No?

OK.
My office is in the Chinatown District, so I have passed by Bubblefish many times and when I do-they always have many patrons during lunch and dinner times.  So, I decided today is the day!  A friend asked me out for lunch & we decided on Bubblefish!  This was a good decision because the food was fresh and delicious!

We ordered the Calamari; Mango & Shrimp Tempura rolls; Taiwanese Salt Chicken & Hawaiian Passion Smoothie.  
Let's discuss the good 1st-the rolls and chicken were 'Amazing'!!  The Hawaiian Passion Smoothie was light & refreshing.  Now, the bad:  The Calamari tasted and looked as it was previously frozen-under seasoned-took a few bites and pushed that away. 

Service:  A bit slow during lunch!  If you have a tight hour for lunch-you may cut it close-come for dinner!!  Lol

Tip:  They are a BYOB establishment -so come prepared-if I did could've had a nice boozy lunch-guess it was better that I wasn't aware!  Ha!
One star because of the experience (which I'll get into in a second, believe me you want to keep reading) TL;DR, this place BRUTALLY killed a MOUSE in front of my friends and me (using 3 different methods - fire, stomping, whacking with a broom)

Would have been a 2 stars regardless because of the food. 
#1 red flag was the fact that it was cash only bc the credit card machine was being 'shipped' from California, ok fine bc it had at atm machine there. 
#2 was when we asked about the Unagi vs fresh water eel don, the waiter said the menu is messed up but they're actually the same item (?) the Chinese translation definitely wasn't the same and they're very different types of fishes. 
#3 we asked for the ginger milk tea and was told we could get 30% sweet but then the waiter comes back and says they can't do it bc they use a ginger sugar (lol, ok) 
#4 they asked if we needed our tea pot to be refilled and we said yes but the waiter took it away and never came back with it until we asked multiple times.
ANYWAYS, with all of that said, the food just wasn't good, I had one piece of the eel and stopped eating and chucked it. The chirashi was just ok as well as the Taiwanese chicken. The calamari was too breaded and couldn't taste the squid inside, the rolls were too small and the waffle with green tea wasn't good. My friends and I really have NOTHING good to say about the place despite us going over the food/any redeeming factors over and over.

Now to the finale, this is what happened:
1) Friend notices a mouse in little space between outside and inside door 
2) We get grossed out but took a picture of it and immediately notified the management 
3) Management came over to take a look and ignored it for a good ten mins
4) Some bald guy goes outside with an iPhone (for light) and a FLAME THROWER (the kind you use to melt the top of creme brulee and tries to burn the poor mouse (WHY COULDNT YOU JUST USE A BROOM TO SHOO IT OUT as the first solution instead of trying to light it up?!) 
5) Man lights up the mouse's tail but mouse is too scared to leave (duh)
6) Man opens up the door and starts to use a broom and mouse runs back and forth and doesn't go outside bc it's hiding behind the ATM machine
7) Another guy comes out with a broom and tries to shoo it out and still it's not budging.
8) Finally mouse runs and the bald man traps it in the corner with his foot. Then he STOMPS ON IT 3x!!!!!! Instead of holding it with foot and just shoo it with the broom bc he was so pissed.
9) We record all of this and get super grossed out and sad that we thought they killed this little animal unnecessarily

BUT THERE IS A TWIST AND IT GETS WORSE.
10) Other man tries to sweep mouse out to street and mouse starts trying to run bc it turns out that the mouse was only seriously injured and not dead
11) THE MOUSE IS LITERALLY ON THE STREETS ALREADY, the bald man chases after it and whacks it repeatedly AS HARD AS HE CAN until it's dead.
12) The mouse is dead with its guts on the street now and he sweeps it to the mounds of garbage bags. PURE Brutality? I'm not a mouse lover but this story sounds pretty shitty, right?

HEY BUT GUESS WHAT THE STORY DOESNT END HERE.

13) The second man comes into the restaurant and has the NERVE to come over to us and says VERBATIM 'hey, the mouse came from the outside, not the inside. I saw you recording, can you delete...'
I CUT HIM OFF right away. I said also verbatim 'what's on our phones is our property and we will do what we wish with it, please give us the check'
Ok #1 what makes you think you don't need to apologize for us witnessing all of that? #2 why do you think you can ask us to delete our videos and pictures?! Doesn't even make sense!!!

THEN ON TOP OF ALL OF THIS, they gave us a measly 10% off our bill thinking it'd be ok. We aren't asking for a free meal nor did we ask for any of this but if you're gonna comp anything, 10% is nothing. Please. A measly small apology when we were still at the restaurant before we just left.

I posted all the pics/videos as soon as we walked out  and have gotten an email from the owner. My friends and I have discussed at full length (like actually 1+ hour) on what to do and we decided that it was best to let the Yelp community what happened. It made us super sick, disgusted, and really upset after we left because of what we saw. Definitely one of the worse restaurant experiences we've all ever encountered. Not ok.
Sushi and boba offered at the same place? This could be a great or terrible thing. (I'm referring to you KFC/Taco Bell merge).
Also, everyone loves a cute mascot - a fish with puffy cheeks? I'm sold.

As soon as we entered, I was pleasantly surprised with the décor. I always expect the décor in Chinatown restaurants to be underwhelming but Bubblefish is industrial, modern vintage, and welcoming all at the same time. 

I ordered a mango milkshake (with green tea agar) and my partner ordered the black sugar ginger tea. Both drinks were very good but a tad bit too sweet. Neither of us asked for half sugar so I'll keep that in mind next time. The price for their drinks are pretty average but these servings are massive! I drank half of my milkshake and still filled up 80% of the to-go cup.

The sushi was also pretty good. Beautiful execution, solid flavors, and fresh ingredients. Their sweet potato roll was one of the better ones I've had in my life. The sweet potato was warm and mushy, unlike a lot of other sushi places who serve firm (aka undercooked) sweet potatoes. 

After enjoying our meal, I rated them 4 stars in my head. But then, this whole situation knocked them down two stars.

We were trying to catch the next train, which was going to depart in 30 minutes. The server took our cards but then we had to wait 15+ minutes for them to swipe the cards. I was getting annoyed at this point because it should not take this long to swipe the cards and we were seated right next to the register. We tried to get a server's attention several times but no luck. (Note: it was 3:30 on a Sunday afternoon aka not very busy). Luckily, we caught our train and put everything behind us.


Fast-forward to four days later: I get an unauthorized payment to some store I've never even heard of for $300. I hardly ever use this card except for secured online purchases so I knew where to point the finger. *cough* BUBBLEFISH *cough*
OUR CARDS JUST CASUALLY SAT ON THE BAR/COUNTER FOR 15+ MINUTES WITHOUT ANY SUPERVISION.  PLEASE EDUCATE YOUR SERVERS ON HOW TO HANDLE YOUR CUSTOMER'S SENSITIVE INFORMATION. 



TL;DR - good food, drinks & ambiance but my card info got stolen due to carelessness of the servers




Also, to the nerd who bought $300 worth of anime figurines/board games with my card info - I hope you choke on a boba.
This was a new try for me.  I come to chinatown often to try new spots and I decided to give this one a try after it grabbed my attention from its attention grabbing signage out front.  

I was excited to try this spot.  It was very chic looking inside with a bright environment that brought out an energy inside me large enough to eat an entire horse.  The menu was an interesting take as it had solid wood covers, front and back.  The menu was quite diverse and offered many different options.  LOTS of drinks as well as abundant selections of sushi, ramen bowls, and don (an rice dish entree).  Make no mistake that this is a Japanese restaurant---it offers quite the selection of the three dishes previously mentioned and so everyone will find something they want to eat here.  

I decided to eat big tonight and ordered the fried calamari and tonkontsu don (a crispy pan fried pork cutlet over rice to start.  It did not take too long for the food to come out--a little over 10 min.  The calamari rings were thick juicy pieces.  Lots of mass and aesthetically very pleasing -- these came from a big squid.  The thickness of the rings made it so they had some chew to it and but this was due to the size of the rings and not how they were made.  Not my favorite but still very tasty! -- I finished them all :-)  Quite the deal at only $7

The tonkotsu don was a beast of a dish and had a large pork cutlet over a stack of rice.  Good dish if you are starving!   The pork was perfect--the thickness and crispiness were just right.  Umami satisfied for sure!!!  $12 price.  Average price for this dish here.  

I could not leave without trying the Very Mango...  No way in hell.

This drink was a BEAST.  In fact all their drinks are massive works of art.  I am thinking the size of the glasses for this and the bubble teas were at least 24 oz.  What is a Very Mango you might ask?  What makes this mango drink extra mango to deserve the term "Very" - a word that denotes more than just regular mango?  Well...mango milk shake, orange juice, mango puree, yogurt pops.  It's quite mango-y!

I will definitely be adding this on my Chinatown list here in Philly.  I only have a few spots that I visit regularly and so this place checked off many boxes during my visit.  

One thing to note -- $15 credit card minimum.  That is a bit high but they do have an ATM at the entrance.  Also, the bathrooms are individual style and were quite clean upon use.  

Do yourself a favor and give this place a try!   You won't regret it.
Absolutely love Bubblefish. Especially their late night hours. Service is extremely friendly, especially the cashier at the counter. She definitely went out of her way to assist me and hubby.

Hubby was craving for Onigiri. Since we park right outside of Bubblefish, why not. I desperately want to try their famous Sushi Burger, so I got it tonight. Hubby got one Phoenix Shrimp Onigiri and two Crabmeat Salad Onigiri. He dog all three out the moment we got home lol. For me, the Sushi Burger was big, like I got to take two bites, to take some off the burger. I don't like fish, but I definitely wouldn't mind to eat Sushi Burger again:) It was that delicious, Yum!!
Tried BubbleFish for the first time the other night and was disappointed. I had the Seafood Poke while my husband had the Unagi Don. 

From the appearance of it, the Seafood Poke looked amazing. It had a whole lot of tuna, salmon, shrimp, crab, egg, avocado and fried onions. The portions of the Unagi Don looked kind of small.

As we dug into our food, I realized that the rice in the Seafood Poke had a little too much vinegar in it. Overtime, the sourness of the rice and the marinade from the salmon and tuna melded together into a flavor of its own. I was expecting a refreshing bowl of poke, but I got this and it was just not good. Also the wasabi that they provided looked off and watery, so I ended up using the wasabi we have in our own fridge. 

My husband thought his Unagi Don was ok, but he was still hungry after eating dinner.
My friend Kingsley was convinced that Philly Chinatown was THE place to be on Christmas day, even though I kept reminding him this is not New York. No matter-K. has a mind of his own, so after doing my other familial and social rounds on 12/25, the afternoon found me wandering rather aimlessly around Race, Arch, 9th and 10th Streets as Kingsley studiously consulted his phone in order to find places that were open. 

We supped modestly at a few hole in the wall stand bys that probably never close but he still was in need of more dopamine and ethanol refreshment so he told me cocktails at Bubblefish would be just the ticket. While I'd never been to the place before, I also didn't think it had a bar or any cocktails, speciality or otherwise, and told him so. He gave me The Look and said he'd call lest I waste my time and wear out precious shoe leather just walking over to see if that was the case. The phone rang and rang-maybe 20 rings-before it was picked up. My friend was told the restaurant was open and he asked if they served cocktails. The party on the other end seemed flummoxed as to the definition of 'cocktails' so Kingsley changed the query to, "Do you serve booze?" and was met with the equivalent of 'huh?!" He looked at me for help and I suggested asking if there was a liquor license and did they serve alcohol. That got a resounding yes, so he grabbed my scarf and pulled me along with a vengeance to 9th and Arch.

The place was reasonably populated but even though there were a good number of seats in the front of the house, we were shown to a way too big for two banquette over by the toilets. As we were led to the seats of shame, I noticed no bar or bottles anywhere. Not good. 

We were given a menu-a food menu-and left to peruse and decide. Since we had been eating lightly but steadily for a few hours, we felt a drink or two would suffice along with 2 or 3 small plates of something. We choose chicken skewers, beef skewers, shrimp tempura and takoyaki. There was no drink menu so when our server re-appeared to take our order, K. asked for the drinks menu. The young woman pointed out the many iterations of bubble tea, citing a few of her favorites. Kingsley was having none of it and said he wanted a glass of wine or beer. The woman looked offended and said there was no beer and wine was only sold in bottles. We opted for a pot of hot tea and I had to put up with my friend's angry bitching until our food arrived. 

The shrimp tempura promised 3 shrimp in the menu. We were served only 2 along with a pile of tasteless, greasy vegetables. The frying oil was not hot enough so each piece of tempura was enrobed in a limp, oil sopping coat of breading. Some pieces were unidentifiable-lotus root? Potato? Mushroom? The shrimp tasted frozen and old. Both kinds of skewers came with no sauce or seasoning, just protein on a stick, and over cooked at that. We tried to get the server's attention several times to cancel the takoyaki since we did not want to stay or eat anything else. She ignored us and then sat down to take a break. I suggested we go to the cashier and ask to skip the takoyaki since we had now been waiting far too long but Kingsley wanted to be miserable so he sat and complained that I was a horse's ass to choose this place. I was just getting up to go to the front and ask to pay for the meal when the takoyaki showed up. Kingsley said we had waited far too long for it, we had finished all the other food and wanted it taken off the bill.  The young server seemed upset, apologized and said she would package it up to go. At that point, I just wanted to get out of the restaurant and my (ahem) friend's company and go home to some spiked eggnog, Madonna singing "Santa Baby" and a few Dave Koz tunes. We paid. We left. 

Bubblefish may very well be good for sushi; I'll never know. I do know that they don't serve cocktails, they don't have a bar and their tempura game is way way off. 

Bah! Humbug!
This was a new try for me.  I come to chinatown often to try new spots and I decided to give this one a try after it grabbed my attention from its attention grabbing signage out front.  

I was excited to try this spot.  It was very chic looking inside with a bright environment that brought out an energy inside me large enough to eat an entire horse.  The menu was an interesting take as it had solid wood covers, front and back.  The menu was quite diverse and offered many different options.  LOTS of drinks as well as abundant selections of sushi, ramen bowls, and don (an rice dish entree).  Make no mistake that this is a Japanese restaurant---it offers quite the selection of the three dishes previously mentioned and so everyone will find something they want to eat here.  

I decided to eat big tonight and ordered the fried calamari and tonkontsu don (a crispy pan fried pork cutlet over rice to start.  It did not take too long for the food to come out--a little over 10 min.  The calamari rings were thick juicy pieces.  Lots of mass and aesthetically very pleasing -- these came from a big squid.  The thickness of the rings made it so they had some chew to it and but this was due to the size of the rings and not how they were made.  Not my favorite but still very tasty! -- I finished them all :-)  Quite the deal at only $7

The tonkotsu don was a beast of a dish and had a large pork cutlet over a stack of rice.  Good dish if you are starving!   The pork was perfect--the thickness and crispiness were just right.  Umami satisfied for sure!!!  $12 price.  Average price for this dish here.  

I could not leave without trying the Very Mango...  No way in hell.

This drink was a BEAST.  In fact all their drinks are massive works of art.  I am thinking the size of the glasses for this and the bubble teas were at least 24 oz.  What is a Very Mango you might ask?  What makes this mango drink extra mango to deserve the term "Very" - a word that denotes more than just regular mango?  Well...mango milk shake, orange juice, mango puree, yogurt pops.  It's quite mango-y!

I will definitely be adding this on my Chinatown list here in Philly.  I only have a few spots that I visit regularly and so this place checked off many boxes during my visit.  

One thing to note -- $15 credit card minimum.  That is a bit high but they do have an ATM at the entrance.  Also, the bathrooms are individual style and were quite clean upon use.  

Do yourself a favor and give this place a try!   You won't regret it.
My friend and I shared the tuna burger and the mango milkshake, in all honesty, I wish we didn't share... CAUSE I WANTED IT ALL!

First off the mango milkshake had yogurt in it and it was the most interesting twist on a milkshake I've ever tried. Perfect icy consistency and refreshing, it wasn't as heavy as I thought it would be for a milkshake. I am very much drooling thinking about it. 

The tuna burger was the best and my most favorite thing I've tried on a food journey in Philly. I was originally attracted to the fact that it was so unique and instagrammable.  When I actually took a bite I understood why everyone recommended the burger. 

The rice vinegar in the rice bun coupled with fried onions and spicy tuna inside the burger was absolute heaven.  I cannot explain... I really wished that I got a video of the contents inside the burger. Seaweed, avocado, fried onion, tuna fillet, spicy minced tuna, sesame, carrots ... omg I need to stop. 

Guys, just try.
Worst customer service ever!! Waited over 15 minutes for my order that was already done. They tried to get away with charging me for things that I didn't even receive. I then ended up eating the food in the car, but had to spit most of it out because I was basically eating cream cheese with a tiny side of cucumber, rice and salmon. I'm speaking specifically for the Philadelphia Roll. Do not, I repeat DO NOT order this or any other items with "salmon" in it. The salmon is not sushi grade salmon, and it does not smell or taste like it's for raw consumption. I'm not sure what they used, but do yourself a favor and just steer clear. The Philadelphia Roll had more cream cheese than an extra cream cheese bagel. I want my money back, but based on the customer service I'm not sure the $39 of chewed up and spit out food is going to make it back into my pocket.
Greetings!
      Today I was craving for some sushi and sashimi and decided to crash at Bubblefish with a couple of friends. When we were seated, we weren't given menus and we just sat there for 10minutes. We tried several times to grab their attention during those minutes, but the waiters were still unaware. The wait time for the sushi was long but that was to be expected since it's sushi. The food was okay I would give it a 3 out of 5. Then when we finished our meals, we struggled to grab the attention of the waiter again. Overall, the food was alright, but the service was a 2 out of 5. Personally, the restaurant can improve significantly if there waiters had better awareness, but in there defense when I asked for a sauce they were able to deliver it quickly. 

Tl;dr okay food but the service was weak. 
2/5 - service
3/5 - food
Things you should order:

- Very Mango drink - ask them to make it less sweet and without the lychee bubbles (I recommend aloe jelly instead). When you taste the very mango drink, your first reaction will be, "Yum!" ... but then you're like, "whoa this is sweet." 

 - Marilyn Monroll (haha- nice play on words) - It's an interesting twist to your usual spicy tuna, salmon, and avocado combo. Topped with white tuna and a smokey tasting sauce, this roll is quite delicious

- spider roll - you can't go wrong with soft shell crab. 

- Taiwanese beef noodle soup - the broth is warm and comforting. With round slices of beef, an egg and a helping a spinach and preserved veggies, it definitely hits the spot. 

I've also tried the onigiri - I didn't think much of it, although my husband is a fan. They look like standing sushi triangles stuffed with rice an the meat of your choice. He likes the salmon and shrimp onigiri. Both are savory, with the shrimp just a tad on the sweeter side. 

The staff are always friendly and greet you when you enter. The decor is modern-a blend of wood and metallic, with clusters of Edison style lighting hanging from the ceiling. It's also great that they're open late.
I walked by this place for a few months and wasn't sure what it was (bubble tea? restaurant?). Then my friend told me it was sushi/japanese inspired dishes with bubble tea. 

I was intrigued and was going to head over for lunch, but it was raining so i opted for dinner instead. My group of 3 was super hungry so we ordered a variety of things to taste the menu. 

taiwanese salt baked chicken
fried calamari
eel and avocado onigiri
pork sung onigiri
TGI Fresh roll
Angry dragon roll (i think that was the name)
Tonkatsu don
braised beef soup

milk taro black tea
salt foam winter melon green tea

I enjoyed everything we ordered but that might have been because i was hungry. I typically don't order sushi rolls at all but thought since they had so many special rolls that i try to see if they execute them well. I'm more of a chirashi guy 99% of the time. Plus we were sharing so rolls were easier to be family style. 

I liked that the calamari were big and "meaty" compared to other places. The taiwanese chicken had the western china style flavors...reminds me of the chicken app over at Shanghai 1..not necessarily a bad thing, but not super amazing. The eel and avocado onigir was pretty good. The pork sung was a let down...i didn't know what 'pork sung' was... for some reason i pictured meat meat... For those wondering, pork sung is the Chinese meat "wool" (kinda like cotton). I use to eat that all the time when i was a kid so it wasn't a flavor thing, it was more of a let down because its not really a Japanese ingredient. Its pretty salty (naturally) so it might be good old school app for those interested. 

The two rolls came with soy wrap which is a good change (its flavorless in my opinion so those that don't like seaweed would like it). As always, these special rolls are kinda drowned by American style sauces... They weren't bad, but i'd probably try their chirashi next time to see if they have good fish in general. The rolls i can't really taste the fish. Had good texture though. 

The Tonkasu had the same breading as the calamari (i could be wrong, but tasted very similar). It wasn't anything special. I felt they are frying in a heavier oil or something (calamari and tonkatsu). I tasted my friends braised beef soup. It wasn't a traditional chinese/taiwan flavor profile...the noodles were chewing which i liked, but my friend didn't. I thought the dish was good. 

The salt foam winter melon green tea was pretty bomb. That was the main reason i wanted to come here. There aren't many if any places in philly that serve salt foam (correct me if i'm wrong).I seen it on youtube a few times and really wanted to try it. My friends said their tar tea was "watered" down, but i think they got it confused...They thought they were getting a taro tea but it was BLACK TEA with taro flavor. They didn't enjoy it because i think they had a different perception of what they were ordering. I tried it and it was good. They did complain it wasn't cold since it wasn't served with ice. 

Note: My friends said the rice in the onigiri and sushi had way too much rice wine vinegar--so much so that it tasted sour. I honestly didn't taste any at all. I dont' think they use "real" sushi rice as the grains are bit off color and size/shape. It isn't a deal breaker to me since i rarely eat rice but others might find fault. One friend said the place is 2 stars, the other 3.5 stars. My overall experience was elevated by the winter melon tea and the great service, so it is a solid 4 stars for me. Food might be 3.5. I would dock a bit more for being cash only. But prices for food were a tad lower than comparable places so you do save on that.
This place has a very trendy, modern, yet comfortable feel.  You could have a business meeting here, or just catch up with an old friend over a drink and small bites.  One of the owners hand picked the branches you see used as decor.  I have gotten take out for drinks and food twice, and dined in for dinner on the second day of their soft opening.  It is a little bit cold if you sit by the front windows.  I really like the round booths that they have in the middle of the restaurant.  Nice and intimate for a group of friends.

The Taiwanese salt baked chicken is a must order.  My two Taiwanese friends that were born and raised in Taiwan definitely approved the authenticity.  The Sashimi Heaven was to die for.  The sashimi was perfectly cut in thickness and very fresh.  The sushi chef, Edison has won awards before and continues to compete in competitions.  The Spicy Garlic Edamame was a little too spicy and just did not really go well together in taste.  The Veal with Black Pepper Sauce was basted in a tasty sauce, not too chewy but tender and soft.  The Salmon Taco was creative and interesting. The TGI Fresh Roll was filling.  The Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup had a little herbal medicine added into the broth.  The Tofu Mousse Cheese Cake was delectable, and not too sweet.  The (Almond) Panna Cotta was good, it reminded me of Almond chilled tofu you can get at dim sum.  However, the Lychee Panna Cotta from a related competitor in Chinatown is better.  

The tea brand that they use for their drinks is Possmei.  A brand from Taiwan that Tea Talk (later turned Tea Chat, and now is Mr. Wish) used to use.  So glad to have a place in Chinatown that uses Possmei again.  The drinks in-house are very generous in size.  Pack it into a to-go cup if you dined in and can't finish.  We did not have as much decor on our drinks (garnishes or floating boba) like the photos on their Facebook page.  That would have been nice to have on our drinks, more decoration.

I definitely plan on coming back to try more things on the menu.  This place is kid friendly.  I have already recommended this place to many friends.  I feel fortunate to have a restaurant like this now in my neighborhood of Chinatown Philly.
My favorite sushi delivery in the city. I haven't gone to the restaurant yet and I probably should.  But why bother when delivery is so convenient? We've ordered from here several times at this point and I've never been disappointed.  I usually order the chirashi and it is always a beautiful presentation.  It's very obvious Bubblefish takes pride in their food. I don't typically prefer any type of white fish but I think Bubblefish sears it in a way that it just melts in your mouth. 

I've also had their spicy garlic edamame...which is amazing.  There is no such thing as too much garlic and Bubblefish understands that. And like everyone else, we love the Very Mango drink.  I highly advise you get the less sugar version as it is already sweet enough.  It is extremely large too and easily shareable between two people.  Overall...incredible sushi and tea!
Bubblefish is a chic and sharp looking restaurant in Philadelphia's Chinatown that has a lot going for it.  It serves both Japanese and Taiwanese food but I was eager to try a Taiwanese dish and it did not disappoint.  In fact I can highly recommend the Taiwanese salt-baked chicken (popcorn chicken as some call it).  It is indeed tasty and when accompanied by a Taiwanese tea drink, it makes for a nice light-to-medium meal which is all I needed before heading to the theatre. My tea btw was a kumquat lemon yogurt tea which was awesome.  But there are dozens of other tea varieties to try out as well.  I wouldn't call the service received as friendly but it was efficient.  Indeed the check came before the meal was completely finished which is not a cool thing to do as it represents a wait staff wanting to turn the table over in a popular restaurant. Still I can def recommend Bubblefish.
Came here specifically because of the recent blurb in the Inquirer from Craig Laban about their Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken.  I guess "advertising" does work!  Overall, I was happy with my pretty expensive take-out lunch.

The chicken was delicately crispy even after a walk back to work.  It was nice and light and had a pleasant aftertaste with the different spices used to make the batter.  For $5.95, you get a decent sized portion.

The Angry Dragon roll consisting of Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Tuna, Mango, Spicy Crab, and Yuzu Miso Sauce was very good.  The pieces were large and flavorful.  Very good sushi for about $12.

What I hated and did not finish was my Three Musketeers Bubble Tea.  The bubbles of Jam, Grass, and Fig were just fine, but the tea itself I felt like I was drinking crushed flowers with a shot of perfume.  This was just bad for me and a waste of about $6.

Bubblefish was great to try out and I'd recommend for a nice lunch.  I'll probably avoid the teas next time or try something less fancy.

Service was nice and friendly.  They directed me to a table to wait for my meal to go.
 
$25 for take-out lunch.  A little high, but the sushi and chicken were very good and worth it!
One of the few places in the city that makes authentic Onigiri. Although the menu doesn't mention it, you can get it veg friendly if you ask. I'm obsessed. It takes me back to my visit to Japan with my dad when I was 7. I've ordered 3x from here and have never been dissatisfied. If you're into this Japanese common item this place will surely satisfy your buds.
Can I just say the sushi was amazing and super affordable for Philly. I came here with some friends on a Friday around 5:30 and the place was almost empty but by the time we left it was packed so keep that in mind.
We ordered the edamame as an appetizer and the sushi platter for 3. We were worried we would still be hungry after this meal but honestly we were stuffed.
Presentation is A+ and the waitress explained each piece of fish when she brought it over. All of them tasted fresh and delicious. Will definitely be returning here.
Portion sizes are ENORMOUS. When you dine in, they only let you get large bubble teas and they're served in pint-sized glasses (like beer). After drinking 2/3 of the glass, I got a medium to-go cup to take home and the remains filled up 2/3 of the medium cup -.- Woweeee! $10 for Tonkatsu Ramen was also really cheap. Again, the portion was huge with a ton of noodles and lots of char siu - really couldn't ask for more. I also appreciated that it came with half-boiled egg and wasn't extra. Our total bill was $62 after tax and tip and ordering calamari as an appetizer ($6), one sushi (Golden Scales $12), Tonkatsu Don ($11), Tonkatsu Ramen ($10), Oolong Black Milk Tea with Grass Jelly ($4.25+$0.50 for Grass Jelly) and Bubblefish Milk Tea with Tapioca ($4.25+$0.50).
A coworker and I stopped by here for an afternoon lunch. Long story short, food is amazing but the wait is quite atrocious.

When we entered the restaurant, there were only three tables average around 3 persons at each table. With this in mind, we thought that food would come quick...boy, were we wrong! 

I ordered an item from the specials which is basically sashimi, bonito flakes, and fried onions topped on a bed of white rice. My coworker ordered chirashi. 

About 20 minutes into the wait, we investigated what was going on and found out from the waitress that the chefs had to prepare for a large party. Had we been informed about this, we may have picked a different place.

For two entrées,  it took a whooping 45 minutes to arrive and that is unacceptable. Customers should at least be informed that the wait will be longer due to special circumstances.

Now that we talked about the wait, lets get to the food and really the only reason why I gave this place three stars rather than one.

The food deserves praises and the arrangement is truly Instagram worthy. The salmon is creamy and buttery, the sirarcha sauce tip toes the delicate balance between creamy eggy-ness and savory spiciness, the fried onion and the avocado creates a wonderful contrast between cholesterol clogging goodness and heart healthy nuttiness.

I thought the fried onion balances out the overall creamy texture of the dish and gave it bit of a "bite".

Overall, if you have the time and aren't starving for good food, this is the place for you! If you're starving or don't have much time, try somewhere else!
We came here on the first day this place was open. There's definitely a lot of promise here, but we hit a few snags that prevented the 5 stars. 

This place is interesting in that it's a bubble tea shop + sushi bar. The ambiance is pretty nice; we were impressed with the sleek decor. Their tea menu is quite impressive, and everything we got was good. Their sushi is also quite good, a needed addition to Chinatown. The TGI Fresh, Tuna Princess, Monster, and Yellowtail rolls were all super yummy. Their menu also includes some Taiwanese and Japanese appetizers (the Taiwanese popcorn chicken was dubbed quite authentic by the experts at the table). 

The only real problem was the service. Our teas took over 10 mins to come out, and the food even longer (and oddly staggered). The waitress was a bit confused at certain questions. At a more established place, it might have been bad enough to bring it down to 3 stars, but everyone was really nice, and since it's their first night open, I'll give them a pass. I think they knew things were a little messy too, because they brought us a (quite amazing) creme brulee to thank us for our patience. 

Overall, a great new place in Chinatown, once they figure out the service.
If you are a seafood/ sashimi lover, come visit Bubblefish. Their menu is filled with a variety of drinks and food but their sushi and seafood was phenomenal. I had their sashimi heaven and boy was it a tasty treat. The salmon belly definitely stood out with it seared skin. The freshness of the salmon and the smokiness of the skin swirls in your mouth. 
Beyond the normal menu, the owner and head chef introduced me to live uni (sea urchin) with wasabi sauce. I had Uni before at Sagami and Morimoto, and the Uni at Bubblefish was definitely the freshest. "Killed and served kind of fresh. How do I know? The head chef went and said: "Let me kill the Uni for you right now. The Uni was served with a wasabi sauce that compliments the creamy taste of the Uni. This dish brought me to tears literally. It got to the point where the head chef said he couldn't watch anymore because my tears won't stop flowing.

More updates on their special menu (varies each day). 
     -Live abalone: the dish was plated with the exterior meat circling around the inner meat on the shell. Each piece of abalone was topped with black roe and pieces of gold leaf (optional). The experience of the texture was new. Starting from the outside the meat of the abalone was crunchy and as you move closer to the middle it gets softer and softer. You also have a choose of two different sauce, ponzu and wasabi. 
     -Sweet shrimp: the body of the shrimp was served sashimi style and the head of the shrimp was serve as a tempura. When you taste the shrimp's body, you can taste the natural sweet flavor of the shrimp. The head looks inedible but the shell was fried to the point where you can bite through it like a chip. 
     -Hamachi Kama: grilled neck of a yellowtail. The skin was very crisp and the meat was tender. Along with the natural fat of the fish, the texture and flavor blends in your mouth. The dipping sauce gives the fish a tangy taste so use accordingly to your taste. 
     -Sea Conch with black roe and spring greens: the sea conch was tender like scallops. The addition of the spring green gives a dish a bit of a crisp texture.
     -Skewer: lamb, beef, and squid. The beef was a little heavily seasoned. All of the skewers were tender even the squid. 
      - Japanese green tea crepe cake: it is composed of layers of green tea crepes. It has a sweet and salty taste to it. Definitely a new sensation. Can't compare it to any other deserts.
Was taken here by my dear cousin and I still think about it. Honestly for 12 bucks and huge salmon poke bowls? This is your place.

I've had plenty of poke bowls but I would say this one stands out. Lots of salmon, huge portion sizes, fresh fish, and fresh ingredients.


It's a perfect place to eat out late at night in Chinatown and to just chill, which is what a lot of people do at this place.

Ambiance is very modern and service is pretty quick. 

My only pickle is I wish I could have more veggies with my poke bowl but alas no place is perfect
WIth the amount of times I come to Bubblefish with my friend Ricky since it opened, I'm surprised I have yet to write a review for the place. Words cannot begin to describe the food, drinks, and service that comes from a Bubblefish experience. There are times where friends and I would just hang out in Bubblefish for hours enjoying their teas, snacking on their apps or desserts, and working on our laptops for school/work in the back room. There's never a feeling of being rushed by the wait staff. My go-to items are (1) Guava Oolong Tea or Guava Banana Milk Shake, (2) Tuna Princess Roll or T.G.I.Fresh Roll, and (3) the Salmon or Tuna Poke. 

Pros:
-- For the price you are paying, you are getting some really fresh and delicious raw seafood that is not offered anywhere else for that price
-- You do not feel rushed at all if you just want to sit and relax
-- There is a "secret menu" of sorts -- there are dishes the kitchen/chef can whip up that isn't on the regular or specials menu. I recommend asking what seafood they have that isn't on the regular menu if you want to venture.
-- Their Signature Rolls are the bomb... and so is the Poke... and so are the Sashimi Platters (do yourself a favor and try one if you can stomach raw seafood)
-- They have Uni (Sea Urchin)
-- Edison (the Head Chef) is the reason why I keep coming back -- every dish he makes is made with TLC (Tender Loving Care)

Cons:
-- The wait is definitely a bit long, but I believe it is well worth it when you're seeking fresh seafood, raw or cooked

Overall, Bubblefish has become my go-to spot for when I am craving seafood/sushi. Since it opened, I don't think I have gone anywhere else and I really don't feel the desire to for that matter. 

P.S. If anyone wants a more detailed description of the dishes, check out Ricky C.'s review!
4.5 stars and I look forward to returning many more times! The spot came highly recommended from a friend. The space is truly well put together and I appreciate the variety of drink options: tea, smoothies, soft drinks, juices, etc. They treated us like valued guests. There were a couple small problems such as they were out of all mango drinks, much to the chagrin of our party, and an appetizer was forgotten. These are simple mistakes and forgivable for the simple reason that the rest of the experience was such a pleasure.

The almond milk hot boba tea was delicious, but next time I'll be sure to order tea in the cute teapots!
Service was nice. The wait staff were all kind. It's just unfortunate that food was unsanitary. I ordered their popular crispy chicken appetizer and found strands of hair in my chicken. At first I thought it was chicken hair and was not going to say anything. But after closer observation it was actually human hair. So I pointed it out to our waitress and she apologized and brought it back to the kitchen for a new one. We waited about 5 minutes and they brought it out, so obviously I look it over again and THE HAIR WAS STILL THERE. I don't think they even switched out my dish but just brought the same thing out again. Long story short they took the meal off my check and apologized for it but I don't think I will return again.
What I thought would be a gimmicky place actually held its own.  Really enjoyed my time here with a couple friends.  Good, quality food and good bubble tea.

Modern, sleek, comfortable interior good for small groups.  They're open late!

The bubble tea selection is plenty, sizes large, with the standards and unique flavors like Sweet Rice Milk tea, containing fermented rice grains that are almost reminiscent of wine.  It balanced the sweetness of the drink...I recommend for something different.  
Everyone at the table enjoyed their boba drinks.  I appreciated that they didn't skimp on the bubbles, and they were cooked perfectly.

Pleasently surprised by the quality of the food.  We enjoyed a sushi burger, volcano chicken, and eel onigiri.

A little pricey for chinatown, but at least worth it.  Service was fairly friendly.

Will be back!
Tasty takoyaki and great drinks!  Would recommend this sit down restaurant for either snacks or a meal in Chinatown.
Quite possibly one of my new favorite sushi places in Philly! Came in for a casual dinner, table of 4 on a Friday night. Place was packed but we were seated immediately. We ordered several rolls, and as I looked around the restaurant, everyone's sushi was beautifully presented on special wooden blocks, and platters - 10/10 for presentation. To add, they have a wide selection of teas/bubble teas/smoothies to go with your meal. 

My favorite: THE VERY MANGO SMOOTHIE - highly recommend, it's a huge mug and it's great for sharing. We got the spicy maki combo, the shrimp tempura onigiri, the monster roll, the oyster ninja, and the eel avocado roll. ALLLLL FANTASTIC. Rice to fish ratio was perfection (I'm a huge sushi ratio fanatic - I like little rice and lots of content)

It came in this huge bamboo/wooden disc platter, perfectly aligned and very picture worthy. Fish was FRESH and rolls were packed. The prices were all very adequate and fair, I'd say it was a bang for my buck. Overall, super pleased with my meal. Ladies who were serving with us, super nice and sweet. Super attentive to our table, I love that. 

I'd definitely be returning!!
Spontaneous and quirky. 

I wouldn't come here expecting quality sushi or drinks, I was fairly disappointed honestly. But I'm giving 3.5 stars because Bubblefish stands out in Chinatown and is creative with their revolving changes in their weekend menu selection -- Sushi burger?! Strange, yet... appealing. Is it good? Will let you know once I try it. 

Worth trying: 
- Tuna or Salmon Poke $13
(cubed salmon or tuna of choice, mixed with their special sauce, rice, avocado, fried onions, and other deliciousness) 
- M-F special, 11-3PM, two rolls for $7.95 


Disappointments:
- Powder flavoring for the drinks
- Very slow service, much less than the typical Chinese speed in Chinatown 

Note: $15 minimum for credit card
I don't know when they open this restaurant, so when I searching on Yelp I found this!!
I tried Chirashi which is really good! They said they don't put it in a bowl, they put it in container so easier to eat. 
The price is standard for Chirashi, but the flavor is yummy! I also order Sweet Rice Bubble Tea, not really like it but not too bad, I think it's better with the bubble but it wasn't ready yet then I told them changed it with coffee jelly (maybe that caused the flavor not so good). 

I order some food for take out too, lunch special sushi rolls, not too good but not too bad, just very 2 small rolls for price around $8. And salt baked chicken, I thought it was like chicken wings, lol, so when I open it just like chicken popcorn. 

Then I came there other day to buy Takoyaki & Very Mango. The Very Mango is my reason to come back here soon!!! Love it!! Takoyaki was fine, but the Very Mango is fantastic! 

I gave 5 stars because of this drink!!
This place is so ambient and the teas are magnificent. We tried the Taiwan Dong Ding Oolong Tea and the Roselle Chrysanthemum. 
The atmosphere is very beautiful and soothing which goes along nicely with the subtle, delicate flavors of the teas.
The Sea Salt Froth Oolong Tea is exceptionally delicious because it offers a buttery creamy flavor to the mellow oolong, providing a warm finish that will sooth and calm you as the candles burn.

Also, the perfect go-to spot for reading/studying. Highly recommended.
Bubblefish is the rare place where I actually choose rolls over sashimi. That's because the rolls are inventive and strike the right balance of flavor, texture, and color. My personal favorites are the Bubblefish Roll and Marilyn Monroll. 

I have tried the sashimi, appetizers, and various entrees and have not had anything I would actually order again. Most things were just okay and some almost bad. That's why it's rolls for me every time. The milk tea is also solid. 

Let's be real. Sometimes you just want rolls instead of real sushi! When that happens go to Bubblefish.
This was delicious. I really enjoyed the Food and service here. The waitress was especially gracious. The sashimi was especially fresh. The milkshake was such a treat. There's really nothing more to say. It was a great dining experience.
Ooh la la, make way for trendy bubble tea! 

The whole hip ambience of this new sushi bar/bubble tea joint is definitely a step up in class from its similar neighboring businesses in Chinatown. The space is pretty decent with a variety of different types of seating, and one larger room in the back where our party of about 15 had dinner last weekend. 

Even though sushi is the prominent option in the menu, they offer a variety of other palatable (and generally less expensive) options including ramen, donkatsu, and the likes. The palpably most exciting part of the menu though is the different types of tea offered, including a unique "sea salt froth tea" that comes in a GIANT glass (closely resembling a beer mug). Several of us had a lively chat about whether "froth" is a noun or a verb (Siri helped us out a lil) as we looked in fascination at the thick layer of foam that blanketed the drink.

Finally, they have a cool moving light projection of their logo onto the sidewalk so that you can't miss it if you're walking by at night! Check it out if you're in the area :)
Mmmmm finally a decent sushi place in Chinatown! After coming back from Japan last year, I was really craving some simple, fresh, Japanese-style sushi that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Bubblefish meets all those criteria in a newly renovated, modern space in Chinatown. 

I came here with my coworkers and sampled across the menu, including the chirashi, a sushi platter, some special rolls, and a few appetizers, including the Taiwanese-style fried chicken with fried basil leaves. Chirashi and the platter were excellent - especially the white tuna. Everything else was on or above par. Presentation is thoughtful, meticulous and inviting. Oh, and the bubble tea is good too! 

This is a family-owned small business whose owners are from the community, and the sushi chef was trained by a professional Japanese sushi chef. Gold stars all around.
Ordered four different favors of origiri for delivery. When I got it I was shocked by the fact that they boxed everything together. How am I supposed to know which is which? This is so stupid I have to cut all of it to see what is in the middle so I know which are mine and which are my co-worker. I usually got my origiri from other place and it come with their own package and have the name on it. If they don't have this kind of package at least they so have separately box each of them and write what is the favor on the box. 

打包的人是个傻比
Phenomenal sushi and onigiri!! A must go to in Chinatown. The Tuna princess roll is amazing.
Meh, this place looks like it used to be trendy. Looking through the older yelp photos, it looks like this place kind of lost its luster. This is just another Chinese establishment trying to contribute non-Chinese cuisine in Chinatown. They offer sushi, poke bowls, and selections of ramen. I had the ramen and although aesthetically pleasing, the texture of the noodles and the over-salted broth left more to be desired. Something they did well was the Taiwanese salt baked chicken.. which is probably amongst the better in Chinatown.


Note: 

$15 CC minimum
They have this fish with a huge tumor on its head as you walk to the restrooms
*Really a 3.5 this visit because of a disappointing drink choice but solid bento box*

Vibes: chill, trendy, fusion feels, very spacious BYOB

Tasting notes:
-Hot red bean milk tea: served in a big black mug; tasted very sweet, like the powdered milk tea with a good amount of small, soft red beans at the bottom; for me, a red-bean lover, this was disappointing, but I'm willing to try their other drinks! 
-Salmon teriyaki bento box: really enjoyed the salmon filet being lightly battered and fried with just a subtle coat of teriyaki, served over steamed cabbage; shrimp and vegetable tempura were generous in size per piece, definitely wished there was a bit more dipping sauce; large serving of rice was chewy and on the firmer side

Other thoughts:
-They do take card with a $10 minimum
-I love that Bubblefish is essentially a bubble tea shop combined with a cafe serving both snack foods and full meal-sized dishes!
The sushi burger its the best ever!!
a lot more to explore, amazing manu 
i will go back.
I LOVE SUSHI. MY DREAM = EAT SUSHI EVERYDAY. This place made me love sushi even more! I am very suspicious of sushi places in Philly, since I'm from LA and my mom made me very good homemade sushi. But I am impressed. This is my go-to sushi place in the city, it is best tasting and price worthy! 

I can't really review any other dishes since I've only tried their sushi and sashimi.. but sushi and sashimi are hands down the best in the city!
We had an amazing time at Bubblefish.  Interior was clean and modern. Sashimi was fresh and the Chef's special roll was tasty.  Everything was nearly perfect.  After more than a year of not able to dine in, it felt like pure bliss.  Every piece of fish was taken lots of care of by the chefs and Bubblefish is one of our tops.
Made a reservation for a party of 8 and they gave us the private room in the back. Definitely a plus since it was loud in the main dining area.

Appetizers:
Spicy garlic edamame - WAY TOO SALTY. Loved the garlic, but please cut back on the salt!
Taiwanese salt baked chicken - like your standard popcorn chicken, good!
Fried calamari - decent, less than 8 pieces because not everyone got a piece; they look like onion rings

Ramen:
Apparently ramen is new here. I got the original tonkatsu ramen and was pleased for the price ($10), except I did think it was a bit too salty as well. Definitely filling and I like the egg

Sushi & Sashimi platter for 2: totally worth it for 2 people. huge sashimi pieces and big rolls. 

Sea Eel Don: Wouldn't recommend, doesn't look appetizing at all

Our friend's order of the Unagi Don came when everyone finished their food :( . Good price considering unagi and the waitress gave her 10% off.

I really like how the waitress split the check for all of us and was able to *split the price for appetizers*!! We didn't have to ask; she offered :) The waitress looked REALLY tired and that kind of made me feel bad/uncomfortable but maybe she was having a bad day.
First, their drink bar is closed... So no bubble tea ): but still our rolls were yummy! It was hard to get the waitress's attention at first, but later she was more attentive. The space is actually pretty big here, and the vibe at night is not bad! It was actually a bit too hot when I went during the day (around 3pm) because they have windows open and the fan on low... So I was really thirsty and hot during the meal /: But other than that, not baf!
You are responsible for asking the server for what you want to drink. Be wary if you have a food allergy. Do not trust the servers to tell you which foods contain allergens. My waitress kept insisting my meal was free of eggs but when I got it, there was mayo on it. I was not refunded.

I recommend the miso salmon ($12 last I went). I do not recommend the black cod ($14) which had a measly sized piece of fish. It tasted almost as if it had been frozen because the texture of it was spongy. (Fish frozen for longer than supposed to often ends up with a slightly spongy texture when cooked.) I was very disappointed with this dish.

Despite all I have said, the wait staff is still very friendly and the atmosphere is beautiful. Also, the tea is always refilled.
Service is slow af. They need to hire more servers and give us the cup of water we asked for 15 mins ago.

Also when you have rolls on the menu listed please write what is exactly in the roll so that I don't have to be surprised about what is inside. My friend was allergic to the avocado that was inside his wasabi lobster roll. Thanks.
I'm glad that there's finally a decent go-to spot for sushi in Chinatown. I really like the ambience of the restaurant. It has a very modern and relaxing feel.

I ordered the bubblefish green tea and had two regular rolls, salmon avocado and tuna avocado. The drink wasn't much different from others I've had before but I still liked it. There's a huge variety of drinks I look forward to trying next time - a little pricey though so make sure you pick something you're confident with. The sushi rolls were delicious. They had nice presentation and you can taste the difference in quality. 

The food unfortunately took pretty long due to a large party they had in the back but our server was friendly and polite so I didn't mind that much. I will definitely be returning to try out the rest of the menu.
This restaurant is located in the love of Chinatown. Interior design bring out the standard that they have incorporate within this place. Not only in their food and drink but also in their services has bring people to this hot spot!!! Highly recommended this location to hang out, gab a drink, or dine out.
Summary: good and reasonably priced food with slightly less than average service. 

I've been here a number of times now, both eating in and taking out. I typically get some sort of sushi dish, special, or appetizer. 
Chirashi: generous portions of fish for the price - about 12 pieces of sashimi! My husband's favorite is the white tuna (even though white tuna is not white tuna and is actually the cheapest thing ever...)
Takoyaki: aka octopus balls. Quite the opposite of chirashi, they are very STINGY with the octopus (only about two 1cm tiny pieces in each ball) 
Poke bowl: is a regular order for me! Salmon or tuna option in a rice bowl
Drinks: are high quality, but recommend ordering with less sugar because it is really sweet

Service is very nice, but slow. If you order take-out, add about 15 minutes onto to the time they state so you don't end up waiting around.
Pros: 
new sushi place in town
also a drink shop
Upbeat environment 
Free wifi! 

Cons:
Super long waits even when the whole place is empty 
Sushi is okay
Inattentive service
Great！One of the best restaurant I have ever been in Chinatown! Strongly recommend! I'll come every week! My friend said their bubble tea is fantastic! So lucky we chose a right restaurant
We're here for our Sunday night dinner date. As usual in Chinatown parking is difficult to find but we didn't have to pay (free on weekends) otherwise you'll have to pay at the kiosk. The atmosphere is clean, spacious, and chill. But they have techno rave music on like it's a club. Lol-- whatever. Customer service is very professional though compared to other restaurants in this area. Their menu offers a variety of creative blended drinks/shakes and sushi. The size of those drinks are humongous for 5 bucks. So worth it! Pricing in general is affordable and average. You're actually getting a good deal with their generous portions.
I've been getting delivery from Bubblefish for a while now but finally made it in to the restaurant! It's a beautifully decorated restaurant and very clean. The service initially was slow and it took a while to get water.  However, I think there was a miscommunication with the waiters and once figured out, it was great service.

We started with the takoyaki which is much better in the restaurant vs. delivery. We also had edamame which was slightly undercooked and had a little too much salt.

The star of our meal was the sushi rolls. We tried their signature rolls which were HUGE. Definitely pricy, but it was difficult to finish because of how much they give you. We ordered the Bubblefish Roll, Angry Dragon Roll, Marilyn Monroll and Mars Roll. The Marilyn Monroll and Mars Roll were my favorites! The Mars Roll is so pretty and has gold flakes on it! All of the sushi was incredibly fresh. 

If I'm in the area and craving sushi I would definitely go here but their delivery is so convenient!
I'm not a sushi person, which is probably what they're best known for, but my friend wanted to come here. I wasn't too impressed with the Taiwanese Minced Pork with Rice, because it was really dry and felt like it was just thrown together. They didn't even give a full egg!
I had a good green apple boba tea here. Very nice, new-looking interior. But pricey. $5.15 for a medium sized boba tea.
Pros
- the food was delicious and food portions were great! Loved their tonkatsu don and eel avocado onigiri! 
- everything was packaged nicely for our pick up order
- reasonable price for the dishes
- great variety in their menu
- clear and visible restaurant sign making it easy to find in Chinatown 

Cons
- we ordered pick up and our order took almost double the amount of time they said on the phone. We came in after 25 minutes to pick up our food and they said it would take another 20 minutes. No apology. Several others came in after me and they said the same thing about their order being delayed..so they need to work on the accuracy of their wait time!
- they have drinks on their menu but they don't do to go orders for them :(
We had an amazing take-out experience at Bubblefish. Our server was really friendly and got our orders right away. We ordered the Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken, Tuna Princess, and Sashimi Heaven. The Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken was alright but I definitely recommend the Tuna Princess if you want to try something different. The food were reasonably priced and the food portion was perfect for two people. Took away a star for inaccurate menu pricing. Otherwise definitely worth a try if you are craving sushi and happen to be in Chinatown.
Good sushi. They have a great dinner platter deal. It has a nice atmosphere and a cool layout. They also have a nice mango smoothie drink. It's a cool date night location to try out.
Whenever I am craving for sushi and near Chinatown, this restaurant is my go to spot. 

I definitely recommend the Salmon burger and the Marilyn Monroll if you want to try something different and be WOW. I love the Marilyn Monroll as it always come out so tasty and delicious. The salmon burger is also really good, but I would recommend to share it if you have a small stomach like mine. The sashimi here are okay, not the best but they are decent. 

The drink menu looks so tempting with so many options, and I loved my guava green tea here. 

I have visited this place for a couple times, and the food is always consistently good. The server is also nice. Definitely worth to try if you want sushi and happen to be in Chinatown.
Stopped by here for dinner on a Wednesday evening, no wait at all. We ordered the Sushi Salmon Burger, Sashimi Heaven, the Mermaid roll, and Very Mango shake. Unfortunately, they didn't have any yogurt pops for the shake.. but they let us sub for a jelly topping. The sashimi was pretty fresh. The spices for the salmon burger was really good too, definitely unique.
After walking around town all day in the cold and wind- on our way back to the parking garage we spotted this establishment promising HOT TEA! We quickly came inside to warm up and noticed the yummy menu they had to offer! I am beyond impressed with the portions they give you from the hot tea cup sizes to the sushi!  We had the best hot green tea milk hot tea served piping hot and in a huge mug delivered to us quickly. Then came the rolls we ordered quickly behind that.  Holy COW! The portions here are not to be for the faint of heart! Big portions and the freshest tasting sushi I've had in a long time.  Everything in this upscale sushi bar was great! Big portions and reasonably priced! I'd definitely recommend to anyone in ChinaTown!
I'll admit that at first it's hard to figure out the menu, but if you stick with it, it's definitely worth it. We had the oysters and bubble tea. Everything was great
Decided to try Bubblefish because it was walking distance from our hotel and my family had an itch for sushi. Safe to say I was not disappointed. Here are my thoughts:

1. Love the atmosphere. Very modern but still get the feeling that it is family owned. 

2. Food was delicious!!!! The menu is on the narrower side compared to other sushi restaurants but all of the rolls we ordered were very unique and tasty. 
Also they offer weekly specials that you cannot find on their regular online menu. These included more cooked options and speciality rolls. (My mom doesn't eat sushi so this was a big +)

3. Price to quality ratio was through the roof! High quality sushi for the low. 

Would recommend trying the Tuna Princess & Marilyn Monroll
My girl called me out to get bubble tea and I decided to tag along. 
But I also haven't eaten- so I decided to go to bubble fish. A combination of the two! I've been here before when it first opened and i remember enjoying it, but I ordered a guava banana milkshake. And I was so happy to read that all their milkshakes were using Lactaid. Ya girl cannot have dairy. 
And it was so delicious. I wish they had a bubble tea trick or a place for their drinks because i wanted another. The size of the cup was fairly large too. 

We also ordered uni and oysters. The oysters were delicious and the taste was so flavorful. The uni (my friend ordered - I don't normally eat it) and she enjoyed it as well. 

We got sushi, but my only issue was that I didn't like what i ordered. But the drinks made up for it.
Bottom Line: Menu has a lot of items to choose from. I love the sushi- great combos. They also have boba. The rolls are big, so I wouldn't go overboard. 

Food: Delicious! I had the sushi and my friends had poke bowls. The poke bowls are HUGE--- hailing from Cali, I didn't expect that. That being said, they're different from the ones I'm used to ingredients wise as well. I really enjoyed my sushi-- it was fresh and had a good combo of flavors. 

Atmosphere: Nice inside, but super casual. 

Service: Our server was really patient with us being that there are a lot of options in the menu. I love that he had recommendations like THAT.

Not a fan of: Garlic Edamame

Yummmmm!
Decided to order here for lunch for the first time. I was not impressed...
The Phoenix shrimp onigiri was ok - TeaDo makes better onigiri but maybe that's because they give a spicy srirachi sauce to accompany it. Bubblefish's onigiri was kind of dry. I also ordered the lunch special - pick two sushi/maki rolls for $7.95. The spicy salmon was Delish! The shrimp tempura, on the other hand, was weak; it kept falling apart, it wasn't rolled tight enough. The actual shrimp was pretty tasty though. 

I also ordered a medium lychee green tea with tapioca, which cost $3.25 plus an extra $.50 for the tapioca- again, I'll compare the drink to TeaDo, which offers free tapioca with all of their drinks. At TeaDo, I could order a large green tea with tapioca and for instance, mango jelly for $4.50. That's a drink plus two toppings!

In any case, despite my disappointing lunch today, I'll go back but only to try their sushi and maybe, desserts (only because I have a sweet tooth)

Ok...came back so I updated my review to an extra star. I had their tuna and avocado sushi, which was Delish! I'll come back!
Got a taste for sushi and onigiri, so I found Bubblefish on Ubereats. I've heard of Bubble fish from colleagues and family members but never had a chance to try them out. When I saw Bubblefish on Ubereats, I have to gave it a try. Despite the distance between Chinatown and Fishtown, I've receive my order within an hour.

I ordered out of control roll, Bubblefish roll, 2 phoenix shrimp onigiri, 3 crab salad onigiri, 2 eel avocado onigiri, and very mango drink. Very Mango was the first I try, and it was deeelicious. Not too sweet and it don't have that tartness some mango drinks have. Kinda regret not ordering a second cup because I sure will definitely enjoy that:) Then I try the out of control and bubblefish roll. They were huge, like when I try to pick it up with the chopsticks, partial will break. I was totally full after eating 2 rolls and very mango. I decided bring rest of the onigiri home for my family. They absolutely loves the onigiri and ate all of my 7 onigiri, and it were only 2 people lol. The only issue is usually onigiri comes with spicy mayo on the side, but you have to pay for those at Bubblefish.
Just ordered delivery through foodler. 

Food arrived 20 minutes late, tempura rolls were cold (not room-temp, but actually cold), there was no wasabi, and they put all 5 rolls in the same container, instead of splitting it into two like I specifically noted in my order. The person I ordered with is allergic to shrimp and couldn't eat because they put it all together. 

$30 each wasted for lunch.
This place was definitely one that was very hyped up. I came in with high expectations but the food was mediocre. I ordered two appetizers (the Taiwanese chicken and calamari) which both lacked flavor and the sushi was average. The staff was very friendly but the service was extremely slow.
So surprised that this place is so modernized, definitely doesn't feel like you're in Chinatown. Instead, you feel like you're in a nice more upscale restaurant due to the decor and used of mason jars for some of their drinks and water. 

The bubble fish roll is a must try! It was bursting with flavor. The normal rolls, rainbow and spicy salmon were really good as well, better than other normal sushi restaurants I tried. The princess roll was good but I didn't like how everything sat on a bed of rice. 

The salmon tacos could have used more fish (only a few chunks per taco) but the overall taste of it was good, spicy mayo and hints of wasabi flavors. Prices were reasonable, service could have been quicker but it's also super new so maybe the workers are new to the restaurant industry as well.
The angry dragon sushi roll was AMAZING!! I tasted my boyfriends spicy noodle and that was delicious too. I can't wait to go back and try the bubble tea. I just didn't have anymore more  room in my tummy. Oh and the lamb skewer was a great treat before the sushi came too. The vibe and service was wonderful considering it was a Monday. I bet the weekends are even more fun. This may be my new sushi spot in philly!
My husband and I came to Bubblefish from South Jersey as part of a "Sushi Smackdown" event in which one of their chefs, Edison, competed. Because this was a competition format with chefs from other restaurants, we didn't get the full experience of dining from their regular menu, but Edison won all four rounds. 

He made several items off of their regular menu, and they provided some additional appetizers, and all of them were very good. He made a torched marinated tuna belly that was incredible. 

We looked at the regular menu and the variety of choices looked nice and very fairly priced in comparison to what we see near out home. 

We were part of a group of nearly 50 people taking over the restaurant, and the owners and the staff did a wonderful job of making us feel welcome. We will definitely return if we have the chance!
I don't usually write yelp reviews, and the unfortunate reality is most people don't unless the food is really good or really bad....I'm the latter. 

Disclaimer, this review is only about my takeout order (UberEATS). 

This sushi is BY FAR the worst I've had in a long time. I would put one star, but I added an extra star for the presentation. The sushi Lacked taste, texture, and anything that you'd expect from food served at any sort of establishment serving any quality of food. Not to mention the cost. I don't mind paying a premium for what I order, but if I do pay a premium I expect the food to at least be a step above edible. I can't remember the exact rolls we ordered, but they were ALL terrible. We also had the lamb sliders (admittedly something odd to get from a Sushi spot) and they were ok. But the fact that they served them on store bought potato bread rolls, another turn off. 

All in all, I wouldn't even give this place the benefit of the doubt and try them on another day. Not worth a dime IMO.
Always fresh and pretty cheap! Service is good as well. Haven't had a bad experience after multiple visits. Thank you.
Popped in for some quick boba while strolling through Chinatown. I didn't want to go to KFTea or ViVi's or TeaDo since we have them in NYC. A quick Yelp search led me to Bubblefish, which is a tea house and sushi bar! 

The cashier was super nice and directed me to a seating area to wait for my tea. Prices were reasonable and my boba tasted really fresh. The boba was very chewy and bouncy - I absolutely hate hard boba so this really hit the spot. Definitely a solid peach green tea boba! 

The dining area was pretty full for a random Wednesday night so maybe I'll come back for dinner one night during my time in Philly.
My family came here last week because it was a new restaurant and we wanted to try it out. The first thing we noticed upon walking in was it was not a family styled restaurant. The tables were small and round, barely fit the 5 of us. We ordered a couple appetizers and drinks but was disappointed with most of them. The milk teas we ordered were bitter as if they didn't add any sugar in them, we tried to order a ice like drink but the waiter said they were out of ice (ok??). The food was average, nothing special. The beef noodle was good compared to everything else. Our waiter kept rushing us and beside from that, wasn't really attentive. That being said, the restaurant does have a nice vibe and interior but the food was just ok. Also, it was cash only.
First time ever going here and I was v pleased. We were freaking starving when we finally walked into a half full Bubblefish on a Sunday afternoon (thankfully didn't have to endure the infamous long waits). The place is modern and classy (worry not, you can still dress casual). The service was very attentive and fast. LOVEDDD the seats - so comfy! 

For food we ordered two special rolls, the monster one and the Marilyn one. For appetizers we ordered the spicy garlic edamame and the veal with black pepper sauce. Lastly we ordered the salmon sushi burger. 

Even though we came here for sushi.... the veal might have been my favorite part. Holy ishhhhh, it was so tender and rich - I'm salivating as I remember it. The spicy garlic edamame is also a great appetizer. The sushi was really good and filling. I think I might have liked the Marylin better but it was cool to have oyster in the monster roll (I freaking love oysters). The salmon sushi burger, ngl, I was a little disappointed. I'm a rice fiend but that was toooooo much rice. I don't know what I expected considering that the buns would be rice but I somehow expected the dish to be more balanced, after all, it's not like bread overpowers a normal burger? But the rice was definitely overpowering the dish which is weird to say since it's not a spice or something of the like. The salmon and fillings inside burger were great though.

Overall a great experience, great presentation, great service.
I guess the cat is out of the bag on this place and so unfortunately I have to downgrade one star again for Bubblefish. We come here all the time and never have had to wait more than a few minutes for a table. We never even thought to make a reservation in the past. We came Friday night and it was packed. I don't mind waiting but they need to get more organized in how they handle a wait. They took our name/number down and told us it would be at least 40 minutes, so we could go somewhere else to wait if we want. We decided to go to a nearby bar for a drink in the meantime. Under 20 minutes later, they call and say our table is ready. I let them know we still had to finish our drink and we would be there in 10 minutes. They argued on the phone that they can't hold our table that long. If they had told us 20 minutes, we never would have left in the first place. We then had to chug our beers and run back, which was unnecessarily stressful. 

They also have changed their BYOB policy and now are charging 5 dollars a bottle. This includes beer.. we had 2 beers and a bottle of wine and they wanted to charge us 10 bucks to open them. To change the policy in a matter of 2 months, not display it anywhere on the website, and then charge people is outrageous. It's just the principle. 

The food is still good and I can't say anything negative about that, but I just think they're getting a little big for their britches. They could do better by making the alcohol policy clear on their website and Yelp and organizing their wait times better.
Solid sushi for a decent price. I tried the dynamite, bubblefish, and mango shrimp rolls and they are were all pretty good. Their mangos are a bit on the tart side, which I did not expect. My personal favorite was the dynamite. It had a good crunch and creaminess to it. I also liked how they packaged and labeled their sauces on the side when I ordered my food for takeout.
Overall, I really enjoyed the ambiance of the restaurant. The wide open space and layout was a welcome change from smaller Chinatown places. I especially loved the wall decor (dragon boat paddles and drum!!!) and the wonderful service. 

I thought the drinks were the best part (we got the least amount of sugar added and the tea flavor really came through). The chirashi was a great deal (14 pieces of sashimi including some chef specials) and came fresh and delicious. My friend thought the unagi was tasty but was a little disappointed with the portions for the price. I look forward to coming back and trying other menu options!
Bubblefish is a great restaurant that offers quite a bit of everything: if you want sushi rolls, sashimi, donburi bowls, misc. hot appetizers and dishes, or even ramen, this is the place to go. Their special drinks menu is super extensive - they have all kinds of speciality drinks that range from boba tea, regular tea, yogurt drinks, milkshakes, jelly drinks, and more. They were unfortunately out of the lavender milk oolong which I initially tried to order, and I feel like this is probably a popular drink choice. When I was here, I got The Force Awakens coffee milkshake with chocolate which was very good (actually not very sweet which was perfect), two onigiri (sweet potato and eel) two rolls (the TGIFresh Roll and Out of Control Roll), fried oysters, Taiwanese Beef Stew Noodles, and the lunchbox deal with teriyaki lamb. It was way too much food but my partner and I definitely could at least have leftovers to last us for a whole other dinner! My partner ordered the fermented rice oolong boba, and it's got that shot of liquor kind of taste to it from the fermented rice, so really make sure to mix it in well and sip it along with the rest of the tea (we accidentally  sipped initially from the rice settled at the bottom, oops!)

Everything was really good: starting with the rolls, they were average priced but definitely huge and really delicious. We honestly filled up just on that. The onigiri were great, and Bubblefish actually had a nice variety and some of the biggest and tastiest ones I've had in Chinatown.  The Taiwanese beef noodles were something new that I really enjoyed, and the beef was cooked and marinated really well. The lunchbox was slightly disappointing - we only got 4 tiny pieces of lamb with our box, and I didn't see how this was worth the money at all. It was well cooked but definitely tiny portion-wise. We did enjoy the tempura it came with though, and the California rolls in it were fine but nothing special. The fried oysters were fried to perfection and were really interesting (think takoyaki, but oysters instead of octopus pieces). Overall it was a good experience, and a solid place to bring others when you don't know what you want to eat and want a ton of options at good quality. It did end up being pricey, and that definitely could be because we just ordered so much food, but I think comparatively speaking you could take half of what we spent and spend it elsewhere for the same amount of food in other Chinatown restaurants. It felt a little pricier than average. The ambiance is cute in the front part of the restaurant, but we were seated in the back in a more secluded, dark part with not a whole lot going for it. Service was great, and we're thankful for the waiters who were extremely patient with us just truly not knowing what we wanted.
Solid choice for sushi and the ramen was better than other places. Bubblefish has a creative, extensive menu. If you plan to visit often or want to tru something new in Philly, try the sushi burger at least once. Whatever you get, their presentation is appealing. They have big portions, and the prices are very reasonable. I've been to the restaurant three times, and I leave the restaurant satisfied. If you and your friends want to enjoy sushi in a casual setting, I'd recommend this place.
My friend and I came to Bubblefish on a Saturday around 5:15pm for an early dinner, and we were seated right away.

I ordered the Lavender Oolong Milk Tea, and my friend got the Rose Milk Tea with Strawberry Jelly. Both teas were huge and absolutely delicious!

To eat, I got the Green Peace Roll (sweet potato tempura, asparagus, cucumber, mango, topped with sliced avocado and mango puree) which was amazing. My friend got the Chicken Teriyaki Bubblefish Box. The box came with a California Roll, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura, sautéed vegetables, and rice. The box is such a great deal - you get an incredible amount of food for only $12.95.

I definitely plan to come back and try some of the other teas from the massive tea menu.
I love the design of this place, gave off a very vintage feeling, yet very relaxing. I tried a drink called golden triangle, which was made out of fresh fruit. It was very tasty. My friend had coconut pineapple green tea. He liked it very much.

The food was very good, probably one of the best sushi I ever tried. I love their veil ribs, you can taste the sweetness of the meat. Their rolls were also really decent, I love their tuna princess roll! Definitely recommend it.

They also have a study/ meeting room that you can definitely use to study!!!! Sadly, I'm not in Philadelphia everyday, but will definitely come back for more when I'm in town.
I visit Chinatown frequently and try to look for new places to eat. Bubble fish has been open for a bit so my husband and I decided to try it this go around. We had a few questions on the menu since it was our first time. When we asked our waitress about some of the items she answered with one word without any details to help us make a decision.  

We ordered the Taiwanese crispy chicken which was ok. The seasoning was not mixed very well. You could see loads of seasoning on one piece of chicken but then none on the other. My husband had also ordered the honeydew milk tea since the restaurant is known for its teas. It was chalky and lukewarm, not iced, so it definitely didn't live up to its hype.  We ordered three sushi rolls and they were all mediocre. The rice was mushy which made the entire sushi piece mushy when eating it. 

Our waitress also consistently reached over us to grab items like our menus, plates, etc and never asked us how we were doing. And because she never came to check to see how we were doing, we went to pay at the register. Unfortunately, the workers at the register were distracted by talking about other customers that it took a long time to get their attention so we could pay. 

Overall, we were not impressed and disappointed that we weren't able to experience what gives this place its ratings.
Short review: Wonderful place to dine at. You can go in and take to go or eat in. I went with a group that started with five, but ended with twelve. As a result, we kept having food added to our order, but Bubblefish was very accommodating. Their food and drinks are heavenly tasting, especially their tea drinks. It has the taste of real fine fresh tea that no other place in Chinatown has as far as I'm concerned. Pretty nice interior, though it's not a lounge like place like KFT, it's more restaurant like. A bit pricey, especially if you're going with a large group, but the food is worth the price.

Decor:
High ceilings, dim lighting mainly, but there is light from the window during the day. There is a room for rather large parties (or reservations perhaps?) in the back that is lighted up brightly. Although the seating area lighting is dim, it gives off a nice atmosphere. The decorations are unique and nice. The tables aren't too stuffed together or cramped up.

Service:
Wonderful service, especially considering he fact that my group would have people come in either solo or in a small group that ended in twelve people dining. The waitresses didn't have any problems when we continued to add food to our order at random times, and they were very courteous and polite. The owner, Xu, would chat with the customers too. The only minor issue would be that our food and drinks didn't come all at once, but I'd consider that understandable seeing as we ordered over ten drinks alone and god knows how much food. Even so, we got our food in a reasonable amount of time. Props to Bubblefish for that.

Food: 
The food oh my god. Tasted wonderful to me. The sushi was reallllly good. Onigiris seemed pretty packed, takoyakis definitely felt bigger than the ones at KFT or TeaDo. The unagi don looked wonderful and tasted wonderful. The drinks are beautiful. If you dine it they serve them in such a fancy way. I recommend the Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken, very tasty and yummy and their tea drinks. 

Drinks: 
Their tea drinks are without a doubt 500%. Places like KFT or TeaDo or Mr Wish in Chinatown never have tea tasting like this. The taste of tea can clearly be tasted, no matter what the flavor your drink is; my friend said its the taste of fresh tea. If you're looking for good tea drinks, definitely try Bubblefish's. You won't find any other place in Chinatown that'll serve tea drinks like them. I tried the taro milk tea, and it was wonderful. And they serve all their drinks in such fancy glassware. Water in little mason jars, milkshakes in root beer mugs, and milk tea in those glass milk bottle like glasses. Some of the teas are actually served in clear glass teapots and cups, which I didn't try. 

Pricing:
It is pretty pricy, considering the other stores that are in the Chinatown area. But it is pretty reasonable in my opinion. Pricey but worth it is what I'd say. After all, quality is better than quantity no? The drinks my group ordered were all around $5, especially since dine in drinks are all served large size. The onigiri was about $3 if I remember correctly. You can get some of the sushis 2 for $7 or $8, and they have sushi platters for around $13. Dons (rice with eel or pork cutlet or seafood?) are about $12. 

Overall, if you're in the Center City Philadephia area, make a stop in Chinatown for Bubblefish. If not for the food then for their drinks. Bubblefish can definitely expect me to frequent their place a bit often, especially for their wonderful teas.
We did take out but will dine in eventually for the full effect.  They don't have a menu online but we were able to view pictures of the menu online from geniuses who were able to post them. So thanks!!  
We got the sushi and sashimi platter for 2, yellow tail scallion roll, spicy crunchy tuna (this is not listed but I would assume is a pretty common roll - they actually had no idea what it was and I had to explain to them), and the tuna tacos.
Since we got take out the tuna tacos came deconstructed - there were three of them.  They were good - it was a mix of iceberg lettuce with masago, tuna and a spicy sauce .  I've had better elsewhere but this was still good. 
The sushi rolls and sashimi were decent and satisfying.  Everything tasted good There was one particular fish that was not good at all - I think it was the mackerel, they seared the sides - I don't know if that's what made these pieces unbearable chewy but I really did not like this at all.  Everything else was good.  We will stop in again to try their other menu items.
If you are craving sushi late at night this is the place to go! They have varieties of sushi and different dishes and they are all pretty good for the price! Their atmosphere is really pretty, looks like a good casual date place! I highly recommend their spicy Maki combo, and princess tuna!
I ordered food to go along with milk BUBBLE tea, and I asked two ladies if it had bubbles in it, one said no, then the other one said she said YES. As I get back to work I sip the BUBBLE tea, there is no bubbles inside, she fucking lied. Lyin ass bitch. Lol.
Bubblefish was an absolute delight, and I was very happy to have eaten here on my return visit to Philly's Chinatown.

For those who are unacquainted (like I was), Bubblefish (known especially for its bubble tea offerings and sushi -- get the name now?) is one of the many new establishments that have popped up in Chinatown. I think it's really great that Chinatown is seeing a lot more foot traffic and getting much more attention as its own neighborhood. Even better, according to my friend who recommended it, Bubblefish is locally owned!

Now onto our visit. Said friend and I came to Bubblefish for a Sunday lunch. Things weren't too busy, so we were able to get seated quickly. Service, overall, was prompt and attentive. Bubblefish's interior design is aesthetically pleasing, with dark woods and interesting light fixtures certainly keeping it within trend.

Food-wise, we started off with the Taiwanese salt-baked chicken as an appetizer. It was a generous portion for my friend and me to share, and it was crunchy, salty deliciousness. For our entrées, I opted for two rolls, the Chicken Tempura and Spicy Salmon. They were of good size for the price and though I am admittedly not the most discerning of sushi eaters, I thought they tasted fresh and flavorful. My friend ordered the Tonkatsu rice bowl, which she thought was a bit dry but I thought tasted just fine.

To wash down my meal, I had a big (it was huge!!) cup of warm milk tea. My friend ordered one of the speciality cold drinks. For me, I think an area of improvement would be with the drink options. Though I enjoyed my tea, it was definitely on the sweeter side, and, if I had the opportunity, I definitely would have ordered a smaller size. Right now, I believe that all drinks come in one portion size. But if I were to return, I definitely would want to try another drink on their very extensive menu.

Overall, it was a great meal and I was left plenty stuffed by the end. It's a great little spot for lunch or even if you just want to grab a drink with friends.
Bubbletea and sushi - every Asian's dream.

Lots of Taiwanese flair here.  Very, very clean restaurant, quick and friendly service.  Trendy environment.  I was definitely a fan of the space.  

Smoothies / Tea:

As I have a huge sweet tooth, I like to save my sugar intake for my dessertsssss.  With that said, I really, REALLY appreciate that you can choose just how much sugar you want in each of your drinks here - Less 70%; 50% or even 0... YES!  Most of the smoothies are already so sweet so you can totally cut it down in half and not even miss out on it too much.  I highly recommend the Matcha milkshake.... omg this was amazing.  Perfectly blended; not too sweet AT ALL.  Refreshing and just SO GOOD.  The Very Mango smoothie is super popular here and though it was good, it only comes second to the Matcha milkshake for me.  

FOOD:

Things we have ordered during our dining IN experience and our take out experience:

LOVE:
-Angry Dragon - Loved it so much the first time we visited Bubblefish that we ordered 2 for our takeout the next time 
- Bubblefish Roll; Monster Roll; Shrimp Tempura, Spider
- Spicy Maki Combo is PACKED with good rolls (comes with three different kinds!) 
- TOFU CHEESECAKE - so light and so delicious!!!  Definitely a healthier alternative but you couldn't even taste the difference... really impressed with this

Worth to try:
- Calamari (it's good but super deep fried....  not the kind of batter I typically prefer though... you also only get a few rings of calamari lol)
-  Volcano Chicken - My friends liked this - I could've done without it (pretty Meh to me)

Things to skip:
- Crabmeat Salad Onigiri - just not the best; there are way better choices there than this 

Also - a huge plus - this is not one of those places that jips you out of portion size or quality of the food if you choose to order out - you get everything you ask for (plus tons of sauces!) and they really do such a great job of packing it all up so it's fresh for you to eat once you get home!
It was wonderful experience visiting Bubblefish. 
Sushi: Out of all the restaurants that serve sushi in Chinatown, Bubblefish's sushi is the best by far. The rice was just the right texture unlike some restaurants that serves you a brick of rice. Also the fish tasted very fresh. 
Taiwanese Baked Chicken- The aroma and the presentation was amazing. On the other hand, the taste and texture did not match the aroma. I expected the chicken to be crispy/crunchy but the outer skin/coating of flour was soft and the chicken wasn't seasoned enough. The aroma was this HIGH and the taste was only this high. 
Drinks- ginger milk tea was ginger slices in milk tea. I did not taste any ginger flavor but I also wasn't sure if I was suppose to crush the ginger myself. Also the tea was lukewarm. Either cold or hot, half way is just too cruel. 
Service- the waitresses and waiters were very helpful with recommendations. They were also very patient with my order as I reorder many times.
I ordered takeout from bubblefish a few nights ago. The service and packaging were outstanding. The hostess confirmed my order online over phone and offered to call me again when the food was ready for pickup. Overall, the food wasn't to my liking, but I can see why it might be a popular spot for its ambience and fusion style. The sushi is not authentic, but again, it's fusion style so others might enjoy. Also note that the salmon tacos actually don't have any salmon in them (unless they just forgot to put it in my order). The dish I thought was worthwhile was the salmon poke! Not sure if I would go back again, but if I do, I would get their poke!
