I don't know who Bud nor Marilyn are, but they offer up a mean brunch! 

We visited on a Sunday with another couple (the Eagles vs. Giants Sunday to be exact...don't get me started!). The open tables were all reserved so we decided to park ourselves at the bar, which happened to be a much-coveted corner space. Score! We loved the retro feel of the restaurant. We felt like we were visiting someone's home. 

My fellow diners loved their brunch selections (pictures below) and I have to say that that Veggie Tofu Hash was one of the top brunch items I have ever had the pleasure of enjoying in my life. The textures and flavors of the crisp vegetables, the sautéed potatoes, and perfectly fried eggs were divine. No meat needed in this dish! 

Prices were in line for the area and we found the staff to be friendly and welcoming. Reservations appear to be highly encouraged, but you can always wing-it and opt for a bar seat if you miss the reservation boat.

Memories of my Tofu Hash took away the sting of my team's loss that afternoon. Thank you, Bud and Marilyn for easing my pain.
Love the dim lit modern retro interior of Bud & Marilyn's, it is a lovely space! Had a holiday lunch here with some girlfriends last week, had a reservation but was not so busy. I'm guessing they get a big dinner/after work crowd, the bar is large. 
The menu is narrow, which I like a lot! The chef has done a great job of planning and fine tuning the menu, so customers don't have to read a book of options for 10 mins when they sit down. 
Also the music is just right, volume and all, and we could hear each other speak and did not have to shout across the table! The wait staff was awesome, very attentive but not invasive.
Between us we had the turkey bacon sandwich, Matzah ball soup, fried chicken, and salad, it was a lot of food! All delicious! The portions are quite large, we ended up taking some home. Of course we left room for dessert, and shared the incredible baby pecan pie with grits!! WOW that was good! 
Will be back soon, for dinner and drinks next time!
As a fan of Barbuzzo, I was excited to try Bud & Marilyn's with some friends who lived in the neighborhood. For dinner, the place was very darkly lit, which provided for a nice, cozy ambiance. There were some families with kids eating in the dark, which was an interesting sight to see. Nonetheless, the vibe seems appropriate for dates and small group dinners, and there seemed to be a lot of hype around the drinks as well. It was easy to get a reservation on OpenTable the week of the dinner, so I'm glad that the popularity hasn't gotten out of hand yet.

To start, we split the pork belly buns, as well as the cheese curds, which seemed to be all the rage. The pork belly buns were excellent, albeit a bit on the messy side. The cheese curds, on the other hand, were very easy to eat, and also delicious. Beware, it's all pretty rich. As for entrees, I went for the fried chicken (duh), which I was very surprised came with 2 biscuits. Not too shabby. The fried chicken was very ornately decorated with rosemary, which was a nice touch. Definitely too much for 1 person, hoo-wee. And I'm someone who eats a lot. 

Service was very attentive throughout the meal, and we got some really good recommendations, including desserts. Yet, despite seeing the enormous funfetti cake slice at other tables, we decided to forgo and try it for a future visit. The prices are a bit more expensive for the area, but the quality and portion-size is definitely great, so I'd say the value is there as well.

Definitely curious to try some of the other items on the menu, so I'll likely be back. Not to mention, I'll have to try that funfetti cake one of these days. Hoo-wee.
So I've come to a conclusion. Bud & Marilyn's dinner might not do it for me, but their brunch is the real deal! After the two solid brunch experiences I had here in the past month, it's only fair I update this review and show this restaurant some love!

I've now tried two of their brunch entrees including the Shakshukah and Veggie Tofu Hash. The Shakshukah at Bud & Marilyn's is delicious and probably the best I've ever had. The eggs were baked perfectly and I really enjoyed the hash browns. The Veggie Tofu Hash was also great, but out of those two entrees, I would definitely go for the Shakshukah next time.

As far as sharables/starters, I would highly recommend getting the Warm Pecan-Cinnamon Roll for the table. It was excellent and the perfect way to start brunch! It is very sweet and heavy, but it's totally worth every calorie. To be honest, I was dreaming about it for days after I first tried it...

I also tried the Buttermilk Biscuits which were great. If you're trying to stay on the lighter side and avoid a food coma, I would recommend the Roasted Beet & Nectarine Salad.

If you're going for a boozy brunch, I'd recommend the Frozewhile the summer heat is still in full swing! :D

Lastly, dessert... oh the dessert. We were celebrating my girlfriend's birthday during my first brunch experience so it was only fitting we get the Funfetti Cake. WOW. This cake is so extra, but so necessary for a birthday! It was huge, delicious and totally Instagram worthy! While I was busy getting the perfect shot, my friend commented about how people at the restaurant were literally staring our table down and looking at that cake. Yep, it's a total eye catcher!

If you're looking for some place fun and trendy to brunch in the Midtown area, I'd recommend checking this place out. Just be sure to make a reservation - they are always swamped!
After flying into town late I wanted to pick something up for dinner and eat back in my hotel room. I looked at what was in the area and Budd & Marilyn's was just a short walk away and they had good reviews. I called in my order for cheese curds
and Marilyn's fried chicken which was supposed to come with house made pickles, hot sauce, and biscuits with salted honey butter. The order was nearly ready when I arrived and the bag was hot so I knew the food was fresh.

When I arrived back to my room, the sauces which were typically packaged on the side for to-go orders were missing. I called and they suggested that I head back to the store to pick them up. They gave me the advertised hot sauce and butter for the chicken dish and they also threw in their Nashville hot buns and funfetti cake, which was a nice gesture.

The biscuits were the best thing about this dinner. They were warm and flaky and the butter would've melted perfectly in them if I'd had it initially. I love cheese curds so they were a hit for me, lightly fried and the cheese pulled beautifully. The fried chicken dish and the pieces of chicken on the hot chicken sliders lacked seasoning and the skin wasn't crispy, which was disappointing for a Southern girl who loves fried chicken. To finish this very carb heavy meal was the funfetti cake that was very dense and lacked moistness. I was confused about the strawberry purée under the cake and the fortune cookie on the side.

All in all, I wasn't really a fan of the food here and  the second trip to get the sauces, which in the end didn't improve the quality of the food, wasn't a good use of my time. But I was appreciative of the customer service as they tried to make things better.
I really like Bud & Marilyn's, and the fact that, somehow, it's still relatively accessible despite being part of the absolutely bustling 13th Street corridor. One of the factors is that they take reservations. So appreciated, especially for brunch! 

Speaking of brunch, it's the only full meal I've ever had at Bud & Marilyn's. Aside from that, it's always been drinks and snacks at the bar, which has always been pleasant. 

At my recent brunch, I enjoyed the bloody mary and also a moscow mule. I wanted to keep things semi-healthy and opted for the shrimp po' boy benedict, hollandaise on the side. It was good but maybe not as reminiscent of a po' boy as I would have expected. Next time, I'd love to try that nashville hot chicken biscuit sandwich. 

I'm still dying to try dinner so Bud & Marilyn's remains on my short list for suggestions when I make plans with friends.
Last night I joined my family to celebrate my birthday at Bud & Marilyn's. We had a wonderful time! I arrived early (our reservation for four was at 7) and the first fellow I spoke with suggested I "have a seat @the bar" but it was happy hour and there was no room. I went back to the host stand and politely requested another place to SIT, He suggested I wait out side! 1. There are no seats outside 2. It was 90 deg outside. But another host/front desk person quickly stepped in and said the table is probably ready and seated me almost right away. The second team was nice and polite but they hesitated unsure of where our table actually was, and though I was seated almost right a way, the table was right next to the bar, it was not pleasant, very noisy! But we had a wonderful night anyway! 

Our server was polite, upbeat and friendly, he knew the menu and how the food was prepared. He asked me if I wanted anything to drink while I waited for the rest of my party and I happily ordered the infamous Frose! It came quickly as did the ice cold water. The atmosphere was very, very, dark like you can't see the menu dark, and loud,loud, LOUD! But the place was upbeat nonetheless. It was also freezing, but way better than the hot soup temps we've been experiencing in Philadelphia- ick!

Drinks:
Frose - too sweet tasted like strawberry with a raisiny aftertaste(not my thing): 3/5
Hemingway daiquiri, perfect: 5/5
Manhattans, perfect: 6/5
Sparkling wine with dessert, dry& perfect:  5/5
Double espresso for brother in law perfect 5/5

Starters:
Chicken liver pate-ish: 5/5 (we requested extra bread, I'd suggest you do the same)
Falafel coated Cauliflower-fantastic and an original, we should have requested a double order, it was that good: 6/5

Main courses:
2 orders of Skirt steak cooked perfectly: 5/5 (we should have requested sauce on the side for my mother.) My sister and brother in law shared the other order, (they share - so cute). 
Corn ravioli (I can't remember its name) yummy but sweet, rich and cooked perfectly: 5/5. The ravioli was shared along with aforementioned skirt steak by sister and brother in law.
Chicken buns were all bun and very little chicken; and I some how thought it would be served on biscuits (misapprehension); it came on a New England style hot dog bun cut in half-so/so: 3/5
Roasted corn on the cob with tahini and chili yum: 5/5
I love my family everyone shares so we get to taste everything-So fun!!!

Desserts:
Sour cherry slab comes with vanilla ice cream; it's very good but the cherries had a tinny after taste and weren't sour (I'm not saying they were from a can but they reminded me of cherry pie filling from the can): 4/5
Caramel pretzel ice cream-delicious: 5/5
Funfetti cake huge! Happy! Campy! Fun! It's a nostalgic birthday treat;  if you're looking for fun as a opposed to serious pastries, this is the perfect choice: 5/5

Atmosphere:
Noisy, dark, fun, loud, dark, loud, did i say it was loud? But I've no idea what our food looked like, it was that dark!
 
Service:
Our server was very honest about the food, he suggested my mother order something prepared to order because of dietary concerns, her steak was the perfect choice thanks to him! 5/5
The team quickly cleared our plates but asked first: 5/5
Two of the runners kept bringing us the fried cheese curds even though we hadn't ordered them which was annoying. The first time they apologized but they did it more than once: 4/5

I liked our club boy-waiter's personality, appearance and serving style but there's a place and time for everything  and also not; imho a huge piercing hanging out of ones nose doesn't mix well with food service. To each their own i mean it's all cool, but if you're serving food you should look hygienic. I'd suggest nose accessories for after hours. This is coming from a former bartender and waitress/club chick Betsey Johnson wannabe and we all just wanna have fun (but after work!) I BET OUR SERVER'STIPS WILL DOUBLE WITHIN A WEEK, IF MY ADVICE IS HEARD.

All and all, I'd return to Bud & Marilyn's. Though it was a bit rough around the edges, it was still tons of fun! When I visit again, I'll request a table far from the bar. I'll bring a cardigan, order cheese curds because frankly after seeing them several times, I'm a little curious. I'd attempt to order the fried chicken platter but I'd want to share it because it looked like a heart attack on a tiki serving trough :)! To sum it up:
Bud & Marilyn's = kitschy fun+calories!
Did I just find one of the best spots for brunch in Philly? The answer to that question is a resounding yes! I visited Bud & Marilyn two months ago now and I haven't stopped thinking about my visit since.  

We made a reservation via Open Table and arrived at 10am on a Saturday. This place definitely has an old school vibe - like if you were to visit your distant Aunt and Uncle's house from the 70s.

I couldn't let my Aunt Marilyn down so I ordered her Old Fashioned - brandy, Sprite, orange, and bitters. I am a big fan of the OF. I really enjoyed this one and highly recommend it. But the fun didn't stop there...

We ordered the warm pecan cinnamon roll as an appetizer and split bites of the shrimp po boy benedict and chicken n waffles. All of the food was hot, fresh, and flavorful. Although I enjoyed everything, the star of the show was the cinnamon roll. It was piping hot, not too dry or doughy and got more delicious with each bite. 

Come hungry, leave happy with breakfast the next day. Looking forward to seeing Aunt Marilyn and Uncle Bud again real soon.
I have been wanting to come here for an AGE and finally had folks game for happy hour. Happy hour then turned into dinner, and several hours later we were fat and happy.

Happy hour food deals are great (def get the Nashville hot chicken buns!) but I wasn't wild about the drink specials. My non-HH special drinks were all excellent, however. Lots of gin drink options.

For dinner we all got seafood - scallops, trout, and a daily special with halibut. We also shared the tomato salad. A salad with hush puppies sounds crazy, but it's so good and they are the best hush puppies I've had north of the Mason-Dixon (actually the only decent ones I've ever had in the North).

It's not a cheap spot, but it's not outrageous and I love the old school NY vibe. I'll be back for sure.
WOW-ZA. Come here and you will NOT be disappointed. Make reservations - it  gets pretty busy and is almost always full of happy people.

Came for my birthday dinner and I couldn't have asked for anything better. Shared a plate of the steak tartare and oh my was that damn good combined with the arugula and chips, exploring taste buds in my mouth that I never knew were there.

For dinner I had the fried chicken (most popular menu item as told by our waitress) and the bf had the chicken pot pie which was one of the specials that evening. 

Fried chicken - holy smokes was that delicious!!! You get three HUGE pieces of crispy fried chicken, a small side of pickles, two massive soft, flaky biscuits and butter.. best thing I've ever experienced. One bite of that chicken followed by a hunk of that biscuit and boy did I know this was quickly turning into the best. birthday. ever.

Chicken pot pie - hands down the best pot pie i've ever had. You get a huge portion filled with all sorts of delicious goodies perfect for comfort food in the winter and will have you wanting to do back flips in the middle of the restaurant!

Service was great all around. Didn't have room for the funfetti cake, but I'll be back, and I'm showing no mercy for that larger than life slice.
Facts:
- Brand-new corner restaurant on 13th and Locust, Bud & Marilyn's, is the latest addition to Midtown Village dining scene.  
- Accessible on the southeast side.
- Named after Bud and Marilyn Briese, Marcie Turney's grandparents, the owner of most 13th street restaurants, including the sibling restaurants Barbuzzo, Little Nonna's etc.
 
What to Order: 
- The Nashville Hot Buns were excellent; and the  Short Rib Stroganoff with wild mushrooms and peas, with egg noodles and horseradish crème fraiche was delicious. Also, do NOT miss the peanut butter cheesecake & raspberry jam. I was already full, but it sounded so good not to try, I'm glad I did. It was truly scrumptious!

Décor:
- Charming retro mad-men setting; vintage items, painting, and glassware.

Pro Tips: 
- Happy hour 05:00-07:00pm Monday-Friday.
- Lunch/ brunch are COMING SOON. 
- Specials are coming soon as well including : Fish Fry Friday Night ( Wisconsin style fish) , and Sunday Meat & Three ( family-style; sharing: One choice of meat, salad, and sides.)
- Hungry after-hours? Night Owl menu after 10pm is there for you, EVERYDAY. Be aware the kitchen is  only open until 11pm.  It's like a 2nd happy hour. Oh la la


From the little spark may burst a mighty flame." Dante
Five Yelps.
Ever since Chef Marcie Turney & Valerie Safran opened up their latest venture on 13th Street, I knew I had to stop by Bud & Marilyn's. I don't know why it's taken me this long, but I finally made it and I'm here to stay. 

During Happy Hour, the ambiance is relaxed, yet bustling. There are plenty of seats at the handsome vintage bar, as well as smaller 2-tops by the bar. We were lucky enough to snag one of these tables so indulged in a few of the Happy Hour offerings, on top of some of the dishes from the regular menu. 

Rhubarb Basil Smash [$6 Happy Hour | $10 Regular Menu]
Tequila, rhubarb liqueur, grapefruit, basil syrup 

The Rhubarb Basil smash is a slushy on steroids. Saccharine with a nice herbaceousness from the basil and a tartness from the rhubarb liqueur and grapefruit, this will start your night off right. One's probably enough or else you'll go into a diabetic coma, but not going to lie, I ultimately indulged in a second. 

Cannonball! [$6 Happy Hour] 
Blanco tequila, lime juice, orange, "Electric blue" 

The cocktail of the day came in the form of the Cannonball, which was electric blue! Basically Bud & Marilyn's take on a margarita, it was strong and boozy. Our server David knew I enjoyed the basil smash a lot better though, so brought me another one of those instead. Clairvoyant, I tell ya. 

Nashville Hotbun [$3.50 Happy Hour | $10 for 2 Regular Menu]
Hot fried chicken, little pickles, ranch, pickle brine slaw

Bud & Marilyn's standardly has a trio of buns available on the menu. For Happy Hour, they offered the Nashville hot bun, which was stellar. So much so that I had to get another one of these bad boys and was itching for a third. A buttery and crusty bun house crispy chicken. The chicken had a nice cayenne kick that wasn't exactly on a spice level that would make the Fat Ham sweat, but it was just right for the GF. The vinegary slaw and pickles made each bite, offering some acid and respite from the chicken. Get these! 

Crispy Cheese Curds [$5 Happy Hour | $8 Regular Menu]
Wisconsin cheddar, smoked guajillo chile salsa, burnt scallion ranch 

You know I won't be denied fried cheese curds, and these are some of the best I've had. Lighter and airier than the Cow and the Curd's take, I enjoyed the glassiness of the crisp batter. The accompanying burnt scallion ranch and smoked guajillo chile offered contrasts for your dipping pleasure. An obvious must order.

Pan Seared Pierogis [$6 Happy Hour | $9 Regular Menu]
Shallot, brown butter, apple-celery root salad, horseradish creme fraiche 

Well-seared and crisp, the brown butter came through and the creamy potato innards were hearty. The celery root salad offered some freshness and while I enjoyed the creme fraiche, it could have used a bit more horseradish. 

Pork Belly Buns [$10]
Shaved pork belly, Korean chili, papaya slaw, peanuts 

From the regular menu, I had to get the pork belly buns. I prefer my pork belly to be thick, unctuous and fatty. Here we're talking about crisp, shaved pork belly housed within buttery buns. The papaya and Korean chili slaw had a nice fermented funk and acidity that I enjoyed. 

Chop Suey [$12]
Country ham fried rice, carrot, broccolini, English pea, fried farm egg, pork belly, kohlrabi, cabbage

That same crisp pork belly made its way into the chop suey, which was essentially Korean bibimbap fried rice. I loved the acidity from the lime, which offered some balance to the hearty heft of the rice, pork, and fried egg. A healthy portion for only $12! 

Seared Sea Scallops [$23]
Fava & corn succotash, pancetta, Castle Valley corn cakes, smoked orange dressing

Bud & Marilyn's had a stunner of a scallop dish as well. Well-seared and seasoned, the huge scallops were supported by the additional sweetness from the corn succotash and grit corn cakes. The salty savoriness from the pancetta was appreciated in its effort to prevent the dish from becoming overly sweet. 

Peanut Butter Maltball Cake [$9]
Dark chocolate cake, peanut butter buttercream, crispy pearls

Despite being stuffed, I knew I couldn't leave without having tried one of the cakes I've heard so much about. The peanut butter maltball cake was gorgeous to look at and even better to eat. Creamy, chocolatey, and moist, the cake had a nice contrast in texture from the shattered malt pearls. 

Service at Bud & Marilyn's is top notch, personable, and efficient. And without a doubt, the food here will leave you wanting more. Considering the 80's theme, I was concerned that Bud & Marilyn's might go the way of Kevin Sbraga's now defunct Juniper Commons. Clearly, there's no reason it should.
Definitely not the place to go if you are looking for a light and healthy brunch. But I guess that's not a bad thing, right? Especially if you are battling a nasty Saturday morning hangover. 

The menu is very complex - every item literally has a million things in it. My fiance's biscuits and gravy were also topped with ham, sauteed greens and home fries. We both thought that this was a little bit extra, but he still loved it. 

I was intimated by all of the things in the brunch entrees (I'm a pretty simple eater) and ended up ordering cheese curds and a side of bacon. Not the most traditional brunch, but this was absolutely sinful and delicious. The bacon came with two thick slices of glazed and candied bacon. I could have eaten a plateful of this. The cheese curds came with an overflowing basket of fried cheese goodness. The curds were oozing with cheese and tasted great with the side of dill ranch sauce. 

If you are craving a simple and healthy brunch I'd suggest heading elsewhere. But, for an indulgent meal with a cheery ambiance and a diverse cocktail menu I'd say that Bud & Marilyn's is your best bet.
I returned to Bud & Marilyn's for brunch on Sunday with my husband and some friends - we had a great experience! 

The covered outdoor seating was very nice though maybe a tad too warm for a sunny spring day. If you run hot, I'd suggest wearing layers so you can strip down and feel more comfortable! 

Our server was amazing and on top of everything we requested. We started with some shareables: warm pecan cinnamon roll, cheese curds, falafel crusted cauliflower, crab fries. All delicious! I had the grapefruit mimosa and was super happy with the bitter but perfectly sweet taste. 

By the time our entrees arrived we were already pretty full. I ate half of my breakfast sandwich (with bacon instead of sausage) and brought the rest home which made for a delicious weekday breakfast. I especially loved the sauteed kale on the sandwich - it gave a really unique flavor that made the meal. 

Looking forward to my next visit!
Oh how I love Bud & Marilyn's, located at the SW corner of 13th and Locust. I've been for dinner and brunch, and both meals were fantastic. My fav dinner item is the chicken platter (might be called Nashville hot chicken, but it's not nearly Nashville HOT chicken hot). This dish is out of this world, but be careful or it'll be off the table. They tend to serve it on a wooden board. If that's the case, ask for an extra plate (trust me on this). 

Their brunch options are tasty as well. If you're vying for a table at nearby Green Eggs Cafe and don't want to wait 45 minutes minimum over there, head 1/2 block south to Bud & Marilyn's. You'll have a delicious brunch without the overcrowded hustle of Green Eggs.

Service has always been friendly and upbeat. I need to make it in for happy hour and lunch one day.
If you love comfort food, but also love small plates and enjoy a solid dining experience, then look no further than Bud & Marilyn's! 
I made reservations for restaurant week, we each got the Nashville hot buns as appetizers as we are lactose intolerant and didn't really want to get the cheese curds (also very good). For the entrees I got the Marilyn's fried chicken and my SO got the steak. 
Let me tell you, this is THE BEST fried chicken I've tried on the east coast, I mean better than fried chicken at Momofuku in NYC! 
We also got desserts, the whiskey soaked bread pudding and a chocolate dessert I can't remember. 
Also tried the Frose (frozen rose), it was yum but not great for a brain freeze.
"That boy's about as sharp as a bowlin' ball."  While Foghorn Leghorn wasn't my favorite Looney Tunes character (that distinction being held by that "scwoowy wabbit" Bugs Bunny), he does conjure up Southern fried chicken in my mind, and fried chicken is what's for dinner at Bud & Marilyn's.

Our party of four caught an early dinner Friday night before going to see Gilbert and Sullivan's "Iolanthe."  I'll spare you G&S lyrics (but only for this review).  The other couple had eaten here many times and knew the lay of the land.  As a newb, I always ask the server what the place is known for...what sets it apart.  Without missing a beat she said "the fried chicken."  While the rest of the party enjoyed the sauteed soft shell crab  entrees (which were superb), ol' Foghorn here decided to throw caution...and my diet...to the wind and order myself up a good ol' plate of fried chicken and biscuits.

First let me say that Federal Donuts better watch its back.  The fried chicken here is outstanding...crispy batter fried skin over moist meat.  The minions in the kitchen have added just hint of sweetness to the batter, which was a good call.  I honestly can't think of better fried chicken.

The biscuits, served with sweetened butter, were all but dripping in...well...butter (is the biscuit but a mere butter delivery mechanism?  I ponder this....) brought back thoughts of my four largely wasted years in Nashville, pulling all-nighters and eating biscuits at the local greasy spoon but still scoring a "B."

Comfort food doesn't get much better than this folks.  There are gluten free options if you are so inclined, but best to just throw the diet to the wind, loosen your belt, and add to those love handles.  Take it from ol' Foghorn: "Gal reminds me of a highway between Forth Worth and Dallas - no curves."
Marcie Turney & Valerie Safran have done it again. This is their third restaurant I've given 5 stars! The restaurant has a charming decor and serves shareable plates of retro-American dishes.

The cheese curds and buttermilk biscuits are great starters. Scallops are large and cooked to perfection. I hope my mother isn't reading this because they make her signature dish of meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and peas. They might make it better than my mom. The meatloaf is stuffed with cheese! It's amazingly good!

When I was in high school I worked at 13th & chestnut, in what is now an I. Goldberg (it was The Limited). 13th street was a dump that was dangerous to walk down at night. I would have never guessed years later it would be home to 3 of the best restaurants in the city.

Looking forward to 2016 when they start serving the budino donut. ;-)

UPDATE: Looks like they won't be serving the Budino donut in 2016. Maybe national donut day... :-(
I really, really enjoyed the brunch I had here! I initially chose Bud & Marilyn's because I wanted a brunch spot that took reservations, and in the end I was pleasantly surprised. I loved the old timey vibes, delicious food and the overall atmosphere. The neighborhood is super cool and I adored the public art nearby. 

Firstly, I am so happy to see a business still taking COVID seriously. I appreciated the glass dividers between tables to separate seated parties. The servers were wearing masks properly and being very kind and patient. Amazing service. If you're someone immunocompromised or cautious about going out, this is a great option for you. 

For brunch, I had the chicken and waffles and they were outstanding! A huge portion, super flavorful and extremely satisfying. I'm always hooked on Colombe Coffee when I'm in Philadelphia and my friend and I easily went through a whole carafe! we had such a nice time just sipping coffee and catching up. I love the vibe here!
Everytime I have walked into this establishment, the staff I have interacted with, have rubbed me the wrong way. The first time we visited without a reservation, the hostess let us know it would be a 3 hour wait. I suspect it was because we were with our toddler daughter. There was no "our next official opening isn't for 3 hours but you can hang around and something may open up." There are better ways to communicate to the customer. This tells me they don't appreciate the business of families and really don't deserve my money in the future. The second time, we arrived super early for a 7pm reservation and we decided to grab drinks at the bar while we waited. My fiancé was by the entrance when the bartender asked me for OUR ID's i gladly grabbed his for her. She went searching for him and asked me where he was. When I found him, the hostess had directed him to our table. I wasn't trying to get one over on you with happy hour pricing, get over yourself. When I explained that we were waiting for a table when I was placing my order with her she growled that someone would be with me at my table. Okay.

On to the food:
*Hot buns* - were fresh, spicy, sweet, and I liked the crunch of the pickles. 
*Cheese curds*- the batter is light but tastes similar to plastic, if thats your thing. If you haven't already, try the cheese curds from The Cow and The Curd. 
*Fried chicken*- was cooked nicely, crunchy and not oily exterior and juicey center. They should have used the rosemary they used to garnish the dish to add flavor to the batter. Unfortunately, it was bland. While the homemade hot sauce was good it was too spicy to have as the only sauce option to the heavily breaded chicken. A nice spicy bbq sauce would bring this dish to a whole new level. Or a mustard based sauce. In addition to the hot sauce though.
*Braised shortrib*- tender, juicey, and all the accompaniments were spot on. Creamy grits, crunchy roasted brussel sprouts. This was my favorite.
*The apple cranberry pie* was not even worth eating.
*The whiskey-butterscotch bread pudding* was on the dry side but the ice cream made it edible.

If you are forced into this establishment, try the hot buns. Their cocktails, beer, and wines seem WAY over priced. No thanks. I wish you the best of luck, but first, learn how to treat your customers.
We wanted to grab some brunch & came across this place so we figured why not give it a try , since they had frozen drinks we came in & were seated right away. 
Drinks to start they didn't have choices just the Froze, nice taste decent amount of alcohol drink was not bad but not worth it only because for what they charge they could at least fill the glass up. 
To start we tried the Crispy cheese curds , yumm these were very good nice taste on their own good w the dipping sauce. 
Main dish we had the Chicken & waffles , chicken was very good the waffle good as well but they only give u half a waffle , what the ?? Seriously .. not a fan of this. 
Decent looking place size wise , social distance seems to in place , service was good & prices could be better specially for the portions they give you.
Bud & Marilyn's brings out the best in the nostalgia of your Grandma's cooking. 

PSA: They take OpenTable reservations but only for parties under 6. It's actually pretty tough to get a res for 6 (they limited me to certain times) so you might need to cut some friends out of your life (or maybe just out of your dinner plans).

Service was awesome.  Our waiter (Benjamin) had great recommendations for everything from drink pairings to how many dishes to order and what not to skip and was not shy about telling us when he thought we made a bad choice.  

Drinks- didn't love the blinker (too sweet) and as my friend said they need to step up their ice game with big cubes if they're going to offer fancy cocktails like that. 

4 ladies with healthy appetites shared:
The Fried Cheese Curds.($8) Get them.  They're delicious and great to share and the dipping sauces don't hurt either. 

The Nashville buns: ($10) 2 per order.  Bite sized. Reminded me of Nashville in an awesome way (lil bit of a kick). Would come back just for these at happy hour ($3.50 instead of $5 each- pro tip: they also have a late night happy hour). Get them. 

The PuPu Platter. ($26) I'm a sucker for an appetizer sampler and this one had a lot of things: tuna poke, beef skewers, pork toast, shishito peppers, ribs, and wings. Large portions (more than 1 each), and everything was good, but nothing was mindblowing, and the wings were pretty ordinary.  I'd probably skip this. 

Short Rib Stroganoff. ($18) Maybe my favorite dish of the night. English peas, fresh pasta, tender meat. Get this. 

Sea scallops ($22) 3 large scallops layered with corn cakes and veggies.  Good but not great. Skip.

Local greens. We ordered a lot of unhealthy foods.  These were good to balance that out. Pleasant surprise and made us feel healthy. 

Funfetti cake. Massive and the fluffiest cake you will ever eat. Oddly topped with a fortuneless fortune cookie and surrounded by some strawberry thing that tasted like the inside of a pop tart. 

Apple donuts with chai cream cheese.  So good.  Must get these.

We were very full by the end and packed up half the desserts.  Prices were reasonable for how much food we got (with about 1 drink each it was $50).

I don't know about you guys but my Grandma did not cook like this. Recommend for a dinner date,  drinks and apps with friends, catch up dinner with mom, etc. Great atmosphere, food,  and service.
YES:
-Happy hour. They have a killer happy hour. Get the buns, the curds, the cranberry mule. Set.
-Cheese curds. They deserve their own bullet. Seriously, I don't know how they managed to pull off such a fantastic menu item.
-Dessert. Whiskey bourbon bread pudding is delicious. Need to try that funetti cake.
-Cocktails. They seem to have the mixing game down.
-Bathrooms. Super cute and private stalls. There's only three unisex stalls, however, so you may need to wait.
-Tiki bar. Bring it back! Such a lovely reprieve from the winter. From what the host said prior to its December closing, the owners are considering re-opening it each winter as a seasonal pop-up. I really hope they do! It was adorable and so welcoming.
-Bar seats. So cute, retro and comfy!

NO:
-Beer. Do not bother. My requested $7 brown ale was a grand cru. I pointed it out and the server told me I was wrong. I was actually not wrong. Small pour too.
-Fried chicken. I don't understand. The chicken was dry and boring. The bun was dry and boring. How do all the critics love this dry and boring plate? Or did I just get a poor plate courtesy of Restaurant Week?
-High tops behind the bar. I made a RW res at the beginning of January, so when we were pointed to the first high top in front of the door, I requested a different table. Hostess replied by staring at me without using words. I then said, "Um, can we have this one then?" (Aka the high-top one back). She hesitantly said okay, but it didn't matter anyway. As a chronically cold person, I froze the whole meal. And the seat was painful.

VERDICT:
No to Restaurant Week. Yes to Happy Hour. I'd gladly go back and eat/drink their entire HH menu whenever possible. If I did go back for a full meal, I'd request a table in the dining area away from the door. And order a cocktail. Lesson learned.
(To the tune of "Shut Up and Dance" by Walk the Moon)

If you'd like to throwback
and want some chop suey 
Go retro on 13th
Bud & Marilyn's is the place to be.
New resto from Safran and Turney 
I say ooooooh 
Bud & Marilyn's, the place to be.....

We were hungry the other night
Got a rez, Pope is Philly diner Kryptonite
And entered a place with warm and welcoming light
I knew I was BORN to fall in love here
Just born to fall in love here....

He took my order
And brought a Yards right over
I took a sip and SAIDDDDD

If you'd like to throwback
and want some chop suey 
Go retro on 13th
Bud & Marilyn's is the place to be.
New resto from Safran and Turney 
I say ooooooh 
Bud & Marilyn's, the place to be.....

Some perfect cheese curds in a bowl
Had my tum feeling like a bottomless black hole
I couldn't stop eating these perfect curds
until they BROUGHT MY NASHVILLE HOT BUNS
BROUGHT MY NASVHILLE HOT BUNS!

I took a bite....
I don't know how it happened.
It made my night, I sayyyyy

If you'd like to throwback
and want some chop suey 
Go retro on 13th
Bud & Marilyn's is the place to be.
New resto from Safran and Turney 
I say ooooooh 
Bud & Marilyn's, the place to be.....

To veer off the music, the reason this spot isn't getting 5 stars is two fold:

1. The Chop Suey, tasty at first bite, by the end felt like a saccharine, never-ending rice bowl. Not in the good way. I wish it were a smaller portion, OR they cut out a little of the sweetness? 

2. Our server kinda lost interest in us once our last plate was placed in front of us (I truthfully think he was deeply interested in the gentleman a few tables over. the flirtation was off the chain. We actually were interested in ordering another drink, or at least a shared dessert. However, he left us for over ten minutes after our last plate was cleared, and by then digestion has ruined any hunger left. Bummer, that funfetti cake looked dank.

I love the atmosphere. I love the lighting. I didn't even mind when the old-fashioned "lock" on the bathroom door failed to work and I was walked in on (oops) because everyone just seemed to laugh it off. It just promoted a great vibe.

I can't WAIT to come for happy hour. And to try more dishes. And maybe next time, I'll go specifically for dessert. Because this girl loves her funfetti more than some (distant) family members.

Great addition to the 13th Street dynasty.
Come early because Bud and Marilyn's will be full before you even arrive. Don't be put off by the long wait (and/or empty-looking tables)--the reservation list is robustly packed, but if you don't think ahead, you might be lucky enough to snag a seat at the bar.

And what a bar it is. Bud and Marilyn's has a decidedly 60's vibe, with large floral cushions in the booths, glass dividers between dining areas, and wood-paneled walls behind the bar (one of which houses a retro TV). There are even gold-framed caricatures of Bud and Marilyn on the wall. I literally could not feel more at home here than if I was going to my great aunts' and uncles' houses for the holidays.

Vintage glassware lines the shelves of the bar, which are well-stocked with liquor, as well as bartenders who know how to give a strong pour. I tried the Arnie Gimlet Slush ($6 during happy hour), and it blew my mind. Black tea and mint combined in a slushy mix that almost gave me brain freeze because I didn't want to stop drinking.

The apps are another hit. I tried the pimento cheese ($5, the perfect amount of spicy with perfectly golden-brown toasted brioche), the Wisconsin cheese curds ($6 with a great white dipping sauce and much more reasonably priced than a certain food truck), and the Nashville hot bun (fantastic slaw and an unheard-of happy hour price of $3.50).

Bud and Marilyn's does my new favorite Philadelphia happy hour and I can't wait to go back.
Bud and Marilyn's hits all the right spots. 
-The mid century decor is fantastic and straight out of mad men.  It's kind of over the top without being cheesy.
-The service was very good when I was there for dinner. 
-The cocktails are delicious and there's a decent beer list. 
-Food was terrific. The cheese curds are an absolute must order for an app. I also tried the signature fried chicken which was enormous and incredibly juicy and flavorful. Try their homemade hot sauce with it.
-Coming from NY, the prices are very reasonable and won't break the bank.
Locust St is filled with some of the best restaurants that Phllly has to offer. Bud and Marilyn's fits in as strong competition on this block.

I came here on essentially a double date with my boyfriend and another couple. There was no fuss getting seated and the restaurant was quite full for restaurant week. I've had to wait (even with a reservation!!!) during restaurant week so it was impressive and shows the staff really understand how to seat tables effectively. 

For my first course, I went with the beet salad. Three different kinds of beets, avocado, and some crunchy nuts. I thought it was weird there was lettuce on the bottom and top? Like the avocado was hidden. Still very tasty and would recommend. I sampled some of my boyfriends cheese curds and they were also tasty. The breading was perfect. The white sauce it comes with is the better of the two.

Second, I ordered the cauliflower steak. This is why I even came to Bud and Marilyn's in the first place. A huge piece of cauliflower on bed of black rice and smothered in mushrooms. It was tasty but I could have done with less mushrooms and more cauliflower - but now I'm just being picky. It was wonderful! I sampled a zucchini pickle from my boyfriends fried chicken plate (which was impressive) and loved it.

The finale was their bread pudding. Warm with crispy edges and ice cream on top. Ugh, it was to die for. I definitely got some whiskey taste. It. was. awesome. I tasted the apple pie but honestly, the bread pudding was better.

I can't wait to try out Bud and Marilyn's for Happy Hour!!!
Vintage vibes, great service, fab location and really great food. It's pretty easy to see what the hype is all about from those who have already gained local fame with their other hits such as Little Nonnas and Barbuzzo. 

My husband and I came for a lunch day date on a Thursday. Reservations were no issue unlike when I tried to book for restaurant week. Worth the wait, however. 

We were seated immediately at a corner table beneath a gorgeous beveled mirror and next to a big window overlooking 13th with pretty plants in the window. I did notice the faint green stripe in the wall paper matched the retro green in the cloth napkins making me realize how much thought and detail was put into the decor. The wooden ceilings were gorgeous and the chairs, very comfortable. Loved the vibe. Very Mad Men chic. 

 We were greeted at our table within minutes and David, our fantastic waiter took our order and filled our glasses from the carafes on the table. I love when restaurants have carafes on the table as I'm a huge water drinker. Never enough! I love it even more when the waiters pay attention and fill accordingly. We split a grapefruit slushie margarita ($9) It was delicious! The waiter brought two straws without having to ask. Nice. It was hard to choose what to eat as they had many vegan options and option which were able to be made vegan. Woo hoo! I was torn between the cauliflower falafel, the roasted kombocha pumpkin curry and the smoked beet Reuben. I wound up going for the Organic Red & White Quinoa Veggie Chili (for a mere $8!!) served with shisito pepper cornbread (not vegan). It was perfection on a winters day. Perfectly spicy. Not too much, not too little. Just right, Goldilocks style. Chunks of veggies and topped with a charred shishito pepper and green onions. Delish! Hubs had the smoked turkey sandwich with avocado, bacon and buttermilk dressing on a huge drool worthy bun with and overflowing amount of shoestring fries for $11. (I may or may not have had a few). I told him the funfetti cake is the thing here but he had no room after his sammy. Very nice sized portions. 

We will absolutely be back!
Fathers Day Brunch review!

A week after I moved back to South Philly I was tasked with finding a suitable spot to do a nice Fathers Day Brunch in the city. Fortunately with all the rave reviews that you've left, and the promise of DELICIOUS CHEESE CURDS, Bud & Marilyn's was the spot that delivered!

When you first move back into the city you overlook things like when Pride Fest converges upon your brunch spot of choice. But despite the madcap and revelry filled celebration going on outside and partly spilling within, Bud & Marilyns didn't miss a beat with the spot on service and food that they delivered. I merely give a 4 for now because I still need to indulge upon things like a dinner, happy hour, and a bite of their amazing sounding fried chicken. But the modern spin on retro Americana classic recipes, and the filling brunch made for another winning restaurant made possible by Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran.

To me the perfect bloody mary is one that you can eat as much as you drink. And the smoked tomato, fresh herbs, horseradish, lemon, sea salt combo blended into a tiki glass sized Bloody Mary delivered a win! But non-breakfast cocktail fans can enjoy cocktail options like the chartreuse and dry gin filled Green Gatsby, or their rotating Slush. Or you can grab tha beer that Yard's makes exclusively for the restaurant. Sharing the cheese curds was a no brainer, and combining them with the smoked chile salsa and the burnt scallion ranch added up to them possibly being the best I've had in Philly!

With sweet options like Caramelized Apple French Toast, their super sized fried chicken bucket that features some of Bell & Evans finest birds, or eggs & things options like a Shrimp Po Boy Benedict and Veggie Tofu Hash, and their really isn't a bad brunch option to choose  from. But the MANY MEATS and chance to order two eggs as runny as possible thanks to the Ohio Truck Stop Special sounded like the Ron Swanson choice (https://youtu.be/V_laNt7Sh6g)! And indulging upon their pork roll, bacon, and CHEDDAR BACON SAUSAGE off of it gave me a winning opportunity to find out how well they dish out the most sacred of breakfast meats!

With discounted beer, wine, cocktails, cheese curds, and chicken sandwiches at the bar from 5-7 during Happy Hour it stacks up as one of the best. And with the well thought out menus that they offer its safe to say that I'll be back for more!
I was super full from a pretty non stop foodie tour of the city, that it was almost tough to order come dinner. I wasn't sure what to order and asked the server who mentioned the staple being the fried chicken. I took her advice and ordered it on the spot zero hesitation although I'd just told her I didn't want any more meat. 

It came out super quick and was really yummy. Presentation was great, skin was so tasty. The biscuit was also yummy and a side of pickles is just the right touch. I drenched my chicken in the accompanied hot sauce. 

Now... onto the funfetti cake 

Who hyped this cake up? Seriously?!?! It's actively, not good. It's something a diabetic senior would turn down. I took a few bites hoping to find a good part but it's all no bueno. It's beyond bland, I told myself I could probably find more flavor in the cloth napkin on my lap (that's prob at least washed with detergent). 

Skip the funfetti, there's absolutely nothing fun about it. Trust me. It's tall, yes but it's not good. It's like the girls going for guys that are over 6ft with zero personality. Just don't do it, I mean unless you're stuck at home with the rona and your taste buds have gone and you're looking for a big hunk of filler that looks celebratory, which it barely even checks that box. It's dry, it's really just downright b a d.  I tried sampling at least 3-4 bites from different areas hoping to find a silver lining. None. 

With most places during an outdoor only seating situation, they aren't riding on aesthetics and the food has to be good because really you're outside with tiny mice running around at your feet in the dark, searching for a crumb. 

I'd say order dinner, but def skip the cake. The warm cider was really satisfying but pretty sweet so only had a few sips.

Service was very prompt at first, then totally fell off. 

I'm sure a lot of these best places to dine at are really a combo of inside combined with food and service which is tough to experience from a seat in the street.
DH and I walked in last night without a reservation. We were fortunate enough to snag a spot at the kitchen counter  bar that over looked the kitchen- to grab a quick meal. Being a foodie, it was great to watch the chefs in action, it was art in motion and we could get an overview of everything on the menu and were able to make mental tasting notes for our next visit.
The decor is low lit swanky, mad men retro. The bar scene was hopping and is looks like a great spot to come back from some cocktails.
We ordered the Pu Pu platter and the Nashville Hot Buns. The hot buns were the BEST two bites I had all night, it made me regret not ordering The Fried Chicken plate! Next time! The Pu Pu had an assortment of tuna poke, satay, pork and shrimp toast and some wings that were really good. Everything we had was really well done. Our waitress was very nice and attentive and the food came out quickly. We had a really nice time for stopping in a on whim.  My only grip was that the diner style stool at the counter made it difficult for a preggo to get in and out, I can't image a larger individual would be comfortable sitting there for an extended period of time.
Sigh. There's so much to say about how simply perfect this place is. They execute comfort food exquisitely. The Pu Pu Platter is a sampler of all that is delicious. I always go for the hot buns. It's such a southern bite. Reminds me of North Carolina church cookouts. This summer I've sampled through the salads and they are all absolutely bright, fresh and delicious. The fried chicken is classic, a must have.

The hosts are always warm. The last time I was in we sat at the chef's table. It was super busy and maybe we felt the pressure of the fast paced kitchen but the waitstaff seemed pressured and rushed. 

And back to the food... Even if it isn't your birthday, get the funfetti cake and be prepared to share with like 3 other ppl.

This place is great for dates. The foodie and the just feed me will both appreciate it.
I kid you not: after one meal, this is easily among my top 3 favorite places in Philly, if not anywhere. 

Bud and Marilyn's has been on my "ABSOLUTELY MUST TRY" list for some time. I love that they offer dinner and brunch, and I REALLY love that they offer reservations because there is nothing worse than having to wait when you're hungry. I called Saturday morning around 10, and was able to make a brunch reservation for 10:30. I was ecstatic!

Sweet or savory, light or hearty- whatever you're feelin' for brunch, B&M's has it. Honestly, the key here is to bring friends and do the 'ole splisty - order multiple different items and have a taste of it all. I'm so glad I came my friends, because I was completely indecisive, especially after ogling the plates on the table beside me. 

At the recommendation of my friend, I ordered the Grilled Steak Egg Rancheros. My friends ordered the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes and the Fried Chicken Sandwich. The food was so perfectly cooked and presented, packed with amazing flavor. The pancakes were fluffy, the ricotta sweet and light, and topped with fresh berries. You honestly didn't need any extra butter or syrup. These were just amazing as they came. The steak was out of this world! Tender, juicy, perfectly seasoned and cooked, and the combination of flavors and textures from the fried eggs, salsa, black beans, and tostada was so perfectly balanced. Just incredible. Don't get me started about the Fried Chicken Sandwich - not only was it beautiful to look at, it was perfectly cooked, juicy, and the homemade biscuit? I could easily make a meal out of just a pan of those alone. So buttery. 

The prices here are kind of funny. It was $3.50 for a cup of black coffee, $9 for a mimosa - but for only $16 I got a heaping, hearty plate of steak and eggs. Overall, it's a great value for the love and detail put into the flavor. Just an interesting observation more than anything. 

The vibe is pretty casual, chic, and retro. You're truly transported to a past decade - and not in a bad way. I'm a big fan of the three single, gender neutral bathroom situation. Just works best for everyone. Our server was clearly busy but did a great job of taking care of us - very kind. 

I knew based on their menu and the raves from friends that I'd like this place, but I had no idea I'd LOVE it. This easily just became one of my favorite spots. I cannot wait to have friends and family come visit so I can bring them here!
Bud & Marilyn's will be my new go-to dinner spot in the city.  I can't rave enough about how freaking amazing every thing was. And for them to be literally next to Patco blows my mind. #winning

I love restaurant week for the fact you can try out multiple restaurant without breaking your wallet.  We were able to get a reso here on a Friday around 8:45. We thankfully were seated by the window,  which I think helped the experience.  My guess is that the middle of the dining room is overly loud,  so we didn't have to shout to be heard where we were sitting. 

My coworker suggest we get the cheese curds.  I told her,  I've had my fair share of cheese curds,  how are these any different?  Well,  these turned out to be the best I've ever eaten.  The batter that was used,  to the silky cheese and those dipping sauces were unreal.  The one with its smokiness and the other creamy with a kick.  Seriously,  best. Ever. The Nashville hot buns,  the flavors worked perfectly together; spicy bite of chicken,  their house made slaw,  house made pickles.. damn good. 

Since we had some chicken for the app, I went for the short ribs for my entree.  Melt in your mouth good.  I will certainty be back to try out the fried chicken.  He got the meatloaf and the presentation was fun and again another great recommendation.  Plenty of food as we both had some leftover for the next day. 

Desserts..of course.  I asked the servers choice between the vegan chocolate cherry ice cream and the apple pie,  and the apple pie won.  It was a cold night out and the right out of the oven pie warmed me up.  The ice cream was delectable and the pie was scrumptious.  He got the very tasty bread pudding,  comparable to any I've had in New Orleans. 

Being dry January we only got a bottle of sparkling water.  In total,  without tip, about 80 bucks during Restaurant Week.  Filled to the point of needing to be rolled out,  our taste buds were delighted and a new obsession born.
Everything in this place is HONEST clean farm to table cooking. The brick chicken was my hands down favorite. The fried chicken was very good, the scallops, amazing, the meatloaf. All very solid, the Caesar salad with baby beets, endives, watermelon radishes. The fresh Caesar dressing with anchovies. Amazing, desserts too. My go to favorite in Philly!
I remember love Bud & Marilyn's Happy Hour while I lived in Philly a few years ago. I was so excited to bring my friends here for brunch recently for our Philly weekend trip and we all left a bit disappointed. 

I actually enjoyed my food. My friends and I shared two orders of the Nashville Hot Chicken buns for our appetizer and that dish was loved by all of us. The buns were buttery, the chicken was crispy, the accoutrements were on point. I liked my shakshuka - the sauce was so flavorful and the egg was perfectly poached. The hash browns added a pleasant "crunch" component to the dish.

At this point, you might ask "why the 3-star review then?" Both of my friends ordered Bud's Breakfast Sandwich. I would assume that since it shared the owner's name, it's probably one of their prized brunch dishes. When I asked one friend how it was, she said "the brioche bread was good" (this friend doesn't really say anything bad about anything). The other friend couldn't even eat more than half of the sandwich. I tried a bite of the andouille sausage that serves as the meat heart of the dish and I soon understood why. Besides for the really weird, stringy texture, it also left a very herbal aftertaste. I only had a small bite but even that was a bit hard to keep down (perhaps it would have been better if I ate it with the brioche which seems to be the only good part of the dish). 

The service was also a bit uneven. Even though our waitress was very friendly, we only got two serving plates for our app and were left to use the little paper tray the buns came with as our missing serving plate. Besides for the main entrée, everything from the utensils to apps to our coffee was served in disposable paper cups and plates and plastic utensils. I wasn't expecting fine china but I was expecting a bit more when I'm paying $13 for an appetizer.
Kinda dark but the service is one of the best in the city. 

The flamingo tequila drink seemed to be pretty popular but prob not my fav.

We had the famous cheese curbs, pretty good. But the hot buns (fried chicken biscuit) are not hot at all... pasta was nice but maybe a bit on the oily side. My friend enjoyed the chicken stew a lot. Would come back to try other stuff next time!
Finally tried the cheese curds!! Do not miss this Philly staple. Comes with cheese and this unique BBQ sauce. Also don't miss the knockout cocktail- looks like white wine sangria with a spiked cherry (dark, not the maraschino) that tastes like a classy version of jungle juice but less sweet. Kudos to our bartender Isaac!
Was excited to try Bud & Marilyns to see what all the hoopla was about with cheese curds & funfetti cake. 

Made a rezzi for two @ 2:30 for after the flower show. Good call because there were 10 people in the restaurant. We sat at the window seat up front. (Sweet)

This place has swank vibes. The host and server were attentive and friendly. I knew what I wanted but let our server give a quick run down.

We had the planters punch and punch it did right in the jaw with liquor. Not that I'm complaining let's just say if you order a second plan for a nap. 

We ordered the cheese curds which were everything. Hot, cheesy, fried balls of yum served with ranch & a smoky salsa. A must try.

 Next the Nashville hot buns. Love these little buggers. Potato roll with spicy hot fried chicken, vinegar based cabbage slaw & pickles. Good bites. I would be happy with a hot bun & a cocktail.

Side of the kennebec fries. Not sure the difference between kennebec and run of the mill spud but they were crispy & thin and the rest doesn't matter.

For dessert the infamous funfetti cake. It brought the party. You can not look at this huge gob of sprinkly buttercreamed delight and not smile. The fortune cookie on top said a crazy Friday night in my future. Better believe I'll Yelp about that.
This might just be my new favorite Philly spot. We were searching for dinner in the area and everywhere had pretty much a two-hour wait, but this had only an hour so we settled on it. And what a lucky find it was. 

Take your neighborhood diner, shrink it down to a corner restaurant, make it hip and lively, and offer food that's five times better, that's Bud & Marilyn's. Every dish we had was an irresistible blend of quality and comfort. 

There's the warm buttermilk pretzel rolls which are just pure joy (think Domino's cheesy bread but soooooo much better, like crazy good). There's Marilyn's fried chicken, which our waitress recommended, and it was beautiful, both in presentation and taste. Make sure to add some of their house-made hot sauce! There's also the meatloaf which is impossible not to love (and the mashed potatoes too). The mac and cheese is awesome too, definitely on the richer side, bit perfect for sharing a few bites. Oh and the biscuits are awesome, crispy and fluffy yet not too dry.

On top of all that, the service is great, the prices are reasonable, the desserts are gigantic, and the coffee won't disappoint. A must try when in the area.
Came for brunch on a Sunday afternoon with a reservation and was immediately seated even though my entire party of 3 was not present. The moment I sat down, I was pleasantly surprised with 2 pieces of INCREDIBLE maple bacon for each of us. I'd take free bacon over a bread basket anyday.

We ordered the fried chicken bucket, lemon ricotta pancakes, and the biscuits and gravy. The fried chicken bucket was AMAZING. If you're looking to indulge for brunch, I highly recommend it. The chicken was juicy and crunchy and the french fries had just the right amount of crunch as well. The lemon ricotta pancakes with fruit were also delicious. Perfect combination of sweet and tangy. To finish, we had a slice of the funfetti cake. I am a sucker for funfetti and thought the cake was delicious.

Greatly enjoyed the decor and the presentation of the food. Would definitely recommend!
Not at all impressed. I adore Little Nonna's and while I realize this member of the Marcie and Valerie Empire is based on American classics, for me it fell flat. 

I had a reservation on a Saturday for brunch and in spite of the melee at the door inside the restaurant, making me think I'd be standing and waiting endlessly, I was seated quickly. The noise level was insane, though. 

Kudos to the bartender and creator of the cocktail menu. I had one of the best Old Fashions I've imbibed in decades and had my calendar allowed it that day, I would have sat and quaffed 3 or 4 more. *hiccup* 

The waiter was smiling and accommodating in spite of the noise and the crowd and I ordered the Nashville Hot Chicken Biscuit Sandwich. It came with fries and a side salad. My order arrived fast, everything was cold or hot as was appropriate and it tasted...just okay. Bland, really. The chicken was tender, the biscuit was crumbly and warm but where was the flavor? The menu promised "yellow cheddar, burnt scallion ranch, pickle brine slaw, tiny pickles and fries." I detected no cheddar or pickles, the coleslaw was not at all briny and the ranch was as mild and unprepossessing as an elderly nun in the park on a warm Sunday afternoon. 

The din of conversation was quite oppressive so rather than sit and get snockered on the very fine Old Fashioneds or have a so-so dessert and coffee, I asked for the check, tipped the delightful waiter well and got out.
First time doing brunch at Bud & Marilyn's -- highly recommend making a reservation if you're going on the weekend or else I'm not sure you can even get a table.

Started with the Non-Alcoholic "Wile E Coyote" (raspberry, lemon & ginger ale) very refreshing, sweet and bubbly. Although the Bloody Marys looked amazing....next time. 

Have to go with the Cheese Curds for the table to split (our waiter forgot about them so it was more like a dessert by the time we got them) We also got the fried chicken to split which seems like you kinda have to at least try or split when going there. (Sauces and all fixings are on the side)

I went with the Grilled Steak Rancheros which was great -- super filling... the tostadas were HUGE. 

We kept debating on splitting the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes but kept seeing how large they were going around we opted out. Great meal.. service could have been better but with brunch it just seemed a bit chaotic.
Please someone slap my face. For too long we've been putting off trying Bud & Marilyn I feel like a dickhead for waiting. I was so blown away about the entire experience. We wanted to find a new brunch spot and sure as shit we found an amazing one. We've been spotting the Budino on their sister store Barbuzzo posting about this hard to acquire pastry, we hit the jackpot. They were serving it for a limited time here only for brunch and without a thought what better way to start brunch than with this goddess of a pastry I think made by Zeus himself. The innards were filled with the most luscious creamy pudding as if a mystical unicorn jizzed it out for them.
Outside of this creamy goodness was a light & tender popover. The caramel
and cookies were just extra goodness. 

My wife had the bucket of chicken & fries and it came with a homemade "hot"
sauce, that was not hot but outlandishly awesome. I used it to cover my fries. 
She shared a piece of chicken with me (she's awesome) and it was very moist 
and tender. The coating was sublime. 

My burger was a mess. A good mess though, seared just right, juicy and overwhelming
with flavors bursting from a pillowy bun, I could not think of a better breakfast.

Our server was very attentive and nice.Which is always a plus.
As sure as I am about having a perfect brunch, this fulfilled it to the letter.
We will be back stat.
Hard to decide between a 3 or 4 because the hype was so real and it fell flat. I mean you can quite literally walk down this very block and find ten similar places and if you walk a little more you'll find hole-in-the-wall spots that are ten times better. 

The service was ok, our table was forgotten by our waiter more than once, but I mean I get it. 

The cheese curds were good, but not worth the hype of these reviews. If you put them in a regular dive bar, I would think they were no different from mozzarella sticks in ball form.  Just some fried cheese in a nice plate. 

I got the scallops for dinner and they were good, but a bit chewy. It seemed like the dishes were coming out really fast so I'm not sure if they were precooked and sitting there for a bit or just over cooked. 

Finally, the drink selection was much smaller than I would have expected from a place that looked so festive. 

All in all, I won't be back but I encourage you to try it because you might have a better experience with a different meal and with a different server.
There is so much on the menu that I like at Bud & Marilyn's. But I'm gonna give you a tip. For a starter, order the wedge salad. Enjoy the delicious flavors and textures and delight in the crispy fried onion rings. You won't be sorry.
This is a favorite place of mine simply because the food is good and the atmosphere is laid back. The highlight of brunch here is the cinnamon roll, so good! I'm someone who likes raisins on my sticky buns and it goes well with the cinnamon roll here imo. 

The fried chicken is a menu highlight and it is seasoned well and crispy. The biscuits that come with the chicken have a honey butter or something on top and they are a little crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

I am love with the cheese curds and it was funny because it was something that I didn't initially want to try but the scallion ranch pairs so well with them. Shrimp po boy Benedict is a must try too if you like seafood and Benedict's for brunch. Staff is usually pretty friendly as well. I will keep coming back here
This is definitely not a place to get a light meal. I've been here several times, most recently for RW lunch - the amount of food you get for $20 is definitely no joke. 

As always, I started out with the Crispy Cheese Curds, made with Wisconsin cheddar. Despite the my experiences here not being 100%, these cheese curds are hands down the best version of gooey fried cheese encased in crispy coverings I have ever encountered. They are a must-have and I get them every single time. I like them best with the smoked guajillo chile salsa. Unlike my last visit, the amount was generous, all pieces were crispy, and there were no crumbs in the bowl. 

For my main dish, I had Bud's Double Patty burger - not a good idea after a finishing a bowl of cheese curds. The portion was huge, and I think I probably would have liked it better if I hadn't eaten all the cheese curds first. I think in general it was a good burger, though a bit on the greasy/well-done side, so I would probably recommend having this burger as the only course rather than a second course. 

For the third course, I had chosen the Whiskey Butterscotch Bread Pudding. However, the bread portion was very squishy and I could neither taste whiskey nor butterscotch. If I had known this, I would have selected another dessert. 

Averaging my experiences together and the quality of the food, I think 3 stars seem fair for now. But the cheese curds are fantastic!
Awesome place, great atmosphere and the fried chicken was delicious. I'm staying at a hotel down the street for business and am happy I found this place less than a block away.
Solid for dinner and even better for brunch... the cinnamon roll, sesame glazed bacon and shakshukah are memorable. Fun vibe and great drinks too.
We had a 3 person reservation for brunch. 

Fried Chicken Bucket
Plenty of fries, about 3-4 pieces of chicken. We split this among the three people, but ended up being too much food including the individual entrees that we ordered. 

Chicken biscuit sandwich was quite a mouthful. This was my favorite. Every mouthful was as satisfying as the last. It also came with 2 hash browns that were square shaped and o so rich. 

Tried my friend's veggie tofu hash and the tofu is fantastic! Crispy outer layer but soft inner layer. Tried my girlfriends's shakshukah order and it was extremely flavorful for a veggie dish. 

It is loud during brunch and sometimes very difficult to hear across the table. Service was excellent.
I took my sister here for her birthday dinner recently and can't say that I'm as impressed as I was last time. Every aspect of the experience was lacking, particularly the service, which really shouldn't happen at a place with this price range. 

The hostess was not friendly (I ended up greeting her as if I was the hostess), and despite our reservation, we were not seated right away, even though we ended up getting seated at a table that had been open for about 20 mins, right next to where we were waiting. This was on a Tuesday night, and it was not particularly busy. Our server barely checked in on us. My sister ran out of sauce for her meatloaf, and we had to ask several people for more sauce until it finally came. By then, the meatloaf mashed potatoes had turned cold. We also waited a long time for our check at the end of the night. 

Food-wise, there was something off about every single item we ordered. The drinks were overly sweet. My drink - the Planter's Punch - probably contained more sugar than one should consume per day. The Crispy Cheese Curds were mostly batter, such that when we were done with it, the plate was still piled half-way with greasy beer batter crumbs. When our server saw it, she said, "Are you guys done with that? [We said "yes", to which she said] Oh, that's most people's favorite part of the dish." For some reason, I had trouble believing that people would prefer the flavorless greasy crumbs over the actual cheese part. 

For my entree, I had the Creekstone Skirt Steak, which by itself was fine, but I felt its flavor was partially ruined by an unpleasant mixture of olive/artichoke/ginger flavors, complemented by very tough pieces of artichoke. My dessert - the "Mile High" (but not actually any taller than usual) Coconut Cream Pie - was pretentious and also a turn-off. It seems they tried to be creative by making a curried sesame graham crust for it, but that combination [and I rarely say this] tasted simply disgusting. It didn't help that the "coconut" cream part tasted more waxy/starchy/corn-syrupy than creamy. I regretted following our server's recommendation in choosing this dessert. 

The only good food item we had was the Chocolate Maltball Cake, which was very moist and delicious. Even though I don't particularly love peanut butter, they put just the right amount into the frosting. However, initially, they did not put a birthday candle on my sister's dessert and even brought her the wrong item. Even before that, our sever brought out a scoop of melty vanilla ice cream with a candle on it and placed it on our table, saying she wasn't sure whose birthday it was. It was super awkward and odd that they could not figure out whether it was mine or my sister's birthday after I included this info in the reservation note; since I made the reservation, saying it's my sister's birthday, and I told them who I was, I'm pretty sure they could have figured out whose birthday it was by process of elimination if they had paid a little bit of attention.

Backtracking to the point where they brought my sister the wrong dessert, since none of the staff seemed to have it together, I had to go toward the kitchen myself and awkwardly ask the pastry person to put a candle on the cake while he was cutting it. The cake with candle finally appeared after 5-10 minutes. I still tipped generously, but this experience definitely dissuaded me from coming back. I don't think I've ever had such an expensive dining fiasco, and I felt really bad for my sister that this happened on her birthday.
I had a covid birthday party. This means the friends that I have been celebrating birthdays with for the past 25 years at a thoughtfully chosen Philadelphia restaurant with wine and cocktails and a million appetizers and entrees didn't happen... but we met on zoom. Wine glass in hand. The next best thing to dining out, when one can not, is caviar delivery service and the enjoyment of a delightful meal, eaten on my porch, hanging with friends, via my computer, taking delicious bites of my delivery from Bud & Marilyn's. My friend Annette called to have it delivered to my house. She asked what I would want  (place and food) and I told her to "surprise me". This was a most excellent choice. I had delicious short rib stroganoff... so tasty...house made pasta with mushrooms and creme fraiche...so comforting. There also was a roasted beet salad (how can one go wrong with a beet salad?) and Nashville hot chicken buns. Oh my gosh! So good. For the end I was delivered a huge piece of their funfetti cake (so big I have over half left the next day). Things are different in restaurant-land these days and I miss it. But I was so grateful for a delivery service, friends on my computer and a delectable dinner from Bud & Marilyn's.
I met a friend for dinner at Bud & Marilyn's (B&M's) on a rainy and miserable Friday night.  Despite the awful weather, B&M's was packed solid, with the hostess telling folks that there was upwards for a 2-hour for a table.  (That's the price you pay to dine in what appears to be the hottest and trendiest spot along the 13th St restaurant corridor right now.)  Thankfully, we had reservations, which meant a window seat for two.

The vibe of the place is unique.  The décor and menu are 70's-era retro -- but the fixation on craft cocktails and fresh ingredients is decidedly modern.  It's like Jones and Vernick had a restaurant-baby.

B&M's eschews boring ol' menu categories like appetizers and entrees, focusing instead on small and large plates of various kinds that are ideal for sharing.  That worked out perfectly well for us, since splitting and sharing plates is always more fun.

We started with a round of cocktails, a Sloe Gin Fizz for me and Arnie's Gimlet Slush for my guest.  Both were sweet and *very* boozy.  Then, after we were thoroughly liquored up, we ordered an assortment of four plates to share:

1) Nashville hot buns.  I loved everything about these open-faced crispy chicken sandwiches, especially the tangy slaw on top.  They were fun to eat and beautiful to stare at.  (Instagrammers rejoice, although be warned that the restaurant is pretty dark.)

2) Crispy cheese curds.  Just like the name suggests, it's deep-fried dairy.  I appreciate the retro appeal, but they tasted no different than the mozzarella sticks from the frozen food aisle of the supermarket.  Kind of underwhelming there. 

3) Shortrib stroganoff.  This was another home-run dish.   I love all things shortrib and all things stroganoff, so I knew this would taste fantastic.  The shortrib was flaky and ultra-tender, the egg noodles were soft and buttery, and I loved the spicy addition of horseradish cream sauce.

4) Castle Valley grits with cheddar and mushrooms.  Probably the most decadent item of the night -- even more so than the cheese curds!  These grits tasted like pure butter, but I'm not sure if that's an entirely good thing.  Even though I could see the mushrooms on top, their flavor was impossible to discern.

This was more than enough food for two hungry people.  Everything was so rich and decadent that there was no room for dessert, despite our server's encouragement.  And speaking of our server -- he was tons of fun, and also very prompt and helpful when deciding how to course out the various dishes in the way that made the most sense.  He seemed to truly delight in his job, which is a rare trait nowadays.  

The best way to describe B&M's is fun.  Everything from the food to the staff is fun.  The dishes might not be the kind of food I'd eat everyday, but I still enjoy it when given the opportunity.
I came here for brunch, can't wait to try this place again for dinner! I had a version of chilaquiles. The staff was very patient waiting for the rest of my party to arrive. Then very accommodating when we had rush out to make our flights. I peaked at their dinner menu which means I'll have to find another day to get back and try it one day soon.  Enjoy it!
This is such a fun brunch spot right in the middle of everything. We came on a Sunday morning and although it was pretty darn packed, we were able to secure a few seats at the bar without too long of a wait. Everything about this place reminded this child of the 80s of her parents still-70s home decor, right down to the glassware and very much the back hallway leading up to the restrooms. It's very authentically done so it doesn't feel like pure kitsch or some kind of themed chain. I had shakshuka that was definitely substantial enough for two or three meals. My friends had one of the crazy decadent dessert breakfasts - stuffed French toast, and if you're into that kind of thing, holy moly. Pile of sugary heaven. Definitely a spot to check out on a Philly visit, especially if you're the nostalgic type.
Popped into Bud & Marilyn's for a quick happy hour but ended up staying for dinner. Went on a Thursday evening, and the place was not as crowded as I thought it would be. Drinks at the bar were everything I missed about "outside" life. Bartenders were attentive/talkative and the HH drinks were very good. They make a great old fashion. 

Dinner was an exceptional Korean shortrib with rice and veggies. The sweet and savory fall off the bone bites were delectable. 
I have to call out the great time we had with the wait staff. Great suggestions and gave insights into the menu.
This review is for takeout orders during COVID19. Bud & Marilyn's, along with Barbuzzo and Lil Nonna's are running a $29 3-course dinner special and the menus look promising.

We decided to go with the dinner special at Bud & Marilyn's and placed two orders on the restaurant's website. If you choose to order from Caviar, there may be a couple of food choices missing. 

For the price, we were surprised by the amount of food we got. The portions were huge. For our first course, my husband and I both had the Nashville hot chicken buns. The chicken buns came in pairs per order, and were messily topped with slaw and pickles. The Nashville hot chicken wasn't spicy as I was eating it but there is a bit of spiciness that lingers on the tongue after. The bun was a brioche bun that was buttered and toasted - my favorite kind of bun. Overall the chicken buns were delicious and the ranch dressing really brought the whole thing together.

For the second course, I had the bucatini bolognese, while my husband had the slow roasted pork ribs. We probably got an entire half rack. And it came with a pint of slaw and baked beans! Despite the huge portions, neither of us really loved our second courses. Both were just all right.

The final course was the salted caramel budino - the best course of the entire meal. Rich, creamy and caramelly, we could keep eating this forever.

Even though we enjoyed 2 out of the 3 courses, for all that food we got at $29, this really was a great deal.
I'm in love. This was one of the best meals I've had in a while, on all counts.

The atmosphere is perfectly dim but loud as hell so it doesn't veer too far into "i'm trying really hard to be a sexy bar" territory. Decor doesn't matter that much to me in the grand scheme of things, but the bathrooms were the cutest ever. #apartmentgoals.

I'll start with the drinks, only because I was AGAIN, very impressed. They have a signature Yards brew, which is really cool, but I wasn't the biggest fan- was too heavy to drink more than one of, and I'm a fan of over-indulgence. I ordered a few glasses of merlot and they were generously poured. More wine = better.

Onto the food. The mancandy and I got the cheese curds (because really, how can you not) as a starter, and then split Marilyn's fried chicken and the fontina & chard stuffed meatloaf. Insert approximately 10 billion heart-eyed emojis here. 

The curds were fluffy pillows of heaven sent from the cheese gods, and came with a ranch dipping sauce and a spicy salsa. I am a sucker for a few things, including cheese and ranch, sooo this was a no-brainer. Could've eaten 17 baskets of these. 

The fried chicken though. As a child I used to eat the crunchy stuff off of the pieces of fried chicken and leave the chicken (disgusting but true), and this chicken did not disappoint my inner-crispy-skin-eating-child. The chicken inside the crunchy deliciousness was moist and flavorful. Biscuits and honey butter accompanied this dish and OH MY GOD this is every carb lovers dream. I also used to eat pats of butter as a child (why I'm telling you people my inner fatty secrets I have no idea) and this butter was good enough to bathe in. There was also a side of pickles involved which were eh but who cares because FRIED CHICKEN.

Onto the meatloaf. Anything stuffed with cheese is a win in my book, but the meatloaf itself was reminiscent of mom's, in a good way. Comes with a ketchup glaze on top and a side of carrots and mashed potatoes with gravy. For fear of going to overboard with my praise, just hear me when I say it was all really effin good. And we somehow had enough restraint to bring home a liiiiil bit of leftovers to share the next day, which were just as good.

OKAY finally, our super nice server convinced me to order a gigantic piece of funfetti cake to go, and we microwaved it last night and the icing got all goopy and melty and it was so indulgent but so very worth it.

It appears I've written a novel, my sincerest apologies. 

Marcie Turney & Valerie Safran, you've done it again.
Came to Bud & Marilyn's on a weeknight with reservations for 6:30pm. The entrance is right off 13th street, not locust. It is also right next to patco- which is super convenient. There was a parking lot across the street too.

I was so glad we had reservations because it was packed! We were seated in the bar area, so we were able to take advantage of the happy hour that runs until 7pm, (Mon-Fri, 5-7pm).

We ordered the cheese curds, which are $6 during happy hour. There were also plenty of drink specials- they have a different cocktail each night. The cheese curds were really good. It came with two dipping sauces- smoke chile salsa & garlic scape ranch- I much preferred the ranch. However, it was a little odd that the cheese curds came out after our entrees arrived. 

We both ordered the fried chicken ($18), I'm not usually a fried chicken fan but I've been told they are really good here- and that wasn't wrong! The chicken was delicious, served with biscuits and zucchini pickles. I thought the biscuits were alright, they were a little too salty for me. The zucchini pickles were really good. There was so much fried chicken, that we probably could have split one entree. 

For dessert, we split the funfetti cake- my mouth is watering right now thinking about it. It was sooo good, and big enough for more than two people to share! I'll definitely be back again, but I might just stick to doing happy hour and dessert!
Just giving an update - I've been MANY times since then and EVERY bite has been divine. Service attentive. This is a five star joint for sure.
I went on opening night after I saw a preview menu online.  As a formerly fat child, raised on America's great contribution to world cuisine, I can never miss out on fried chicken.  B&M's half bird is as crispy on the outside and as juicy on the inside as any I've ever sampled.  The accompanying biscuits are buttery and tender, and are served with honey butter.  They save you the trouble of spreading both on your biscuits.  B&M are a very considerate couple.  The home made hot sauce and sweet pickles round off the easily shareable dish, but I didn't really want to share.  I suspect a few bites were stolen, though, as I spotted a few crumbs on GF's face for the next couple of hours.

The lobster hot buns weren't as enjoyable.  It had the right flavors and textures, but the lobster meat was nowhere to be found.  GF's ravioli was very good, but as is usual with ravioli, 2 pieces just don't cut it for me as entree, though GF was satiated, possibly as a result of the purloined bites of my friend chicken.

Try the fat elvis for dessert.  The mix of flavors, textures, and sheer amount of time and effort put into it are impressive.  I love ice cream, I love candied bacon, I love home made marshmallows, individually toasted.  Damn it, I might have to have this tomorrow night, when I go back.

4 stars for now, as they just opened, but I'm very happy to have B&M in my neighborhood.  I'll be back.  Seriously, tomorrow.
I liked so much about this place. The decor is amazing, the menu is fun and unique, and the food tasted great. 

I'm going to get my 2 complaints out of the way first which kept it from getting a 5 star in my book. I went on a Wednesday night around 7pm, the place was crowded but there were still open tables and the noise level was insane. Like having to yell across the table at each other loud. For the decor and intimacy level of the place it was jarring how loud the place was. 

I ordered the slow gin fizz and my two companions ordered one of the vodka cocktails, the punch, and a mocktail. I have never been so happy to be a gin drinker. My drink was fantastic, not too sweet or too heavy on the alcohol. The other 3 drinks we tried were all way too sweet to the point that they were not even drinkable. They ended up adding water to dilute them. 

All together we ordered the cheese curds (amazing), the chop suey (a little greasy but almost a meal in itself), the brocolini (amazing, perfectly cooked with what seemed like a light creamy cheese sauce), the fried chicken (I didn't try but the others loved it), the meatloaf (again I didn't try it but the others thought it was tasty), and lastly the shortrib stroganoff (I had to try it since everyone raved about it and it was very good). 

We looked at pictures on here and thought the portions were going to be really small which is why we ordered all that we did. We ended up so stuffed and took most of our food home. Not a big deal to me cause I like having leftovers for lunch the next day. With each person getting an app, a "meal" per say, and a drink it was about $50 per person. 

I would come back in a heartbeat. I hope the drinks get a little better but I would stick with the slow gin fizz.
Update! 

I came back for happy hour and had a few drinks and food. I had no choice but to upgrade this place to a 5. Those chicken sandwiches were addicting!!!! I wasn't even that hungry and try not to eat meat and I still had 3. 

The drinks: I had the happy hour specials and had the blood orange slush, house red and a special Krasmus drink. Not disappointed at all! They were tasty and did the job. 

Wow, I'm honestly so glad I could upgrade this review. They deserve it!
I haven't lived in Philly for more than a decade so I'm out of the loop when it comes to what's hip and what's not. But based on the vibe of this place and the menu, I decided it would be a smart choice for a post half-marathon/birthday brunch that was both sophisticated enough (not just scrambled eggs) and kid-friendly (ok, so maybe scrambled eggs). Bud and Marilyn's delivered on so many levels.

The first thing you notice is the decor. Who would have thunk that '70s basement would be such a comforting and aesthetically appealing design motif? More upper middle class '70s than porn kitsch. The light fixtures, upholstery, wall paper, bar stools are all spot on. The bathrooms are a must-see for their doors, bookshelves and ashtrays. Even the signs asking employees to wash their hands before returning to work are the same as old school, office door name plates. Just really thoughtful design.

The menu is focused but offers enough variety that diners feel like there are ample choices. It's not the typical brunch menu, though. Yes, there are plenty of egg dishes on the menu but it's not a dozen variations on eggs benny. And if you are having trouble making a choice, spy on your neighbor's order (I almost ordered their sticky bun for this reason).

I went with the bucket of fried chicken and my wife ordered the shakshuka. Both were phenomenal. The chicken was juicy, flavorful, crispy without being over breaded or greasy. The accompanying fries were plentiful without being overwhelming. The slaw was a knockout - crisp and hinting of Viet influence. Delicious. The shakshuka - I'm still thinking about. Deep, luscious flavors and the fried potato cakes were just the right starch to scoop up with the rich sauce. 

The drinks - I could easily sit at the bar for an entire day going through the cocktail menu. Because I was eating fried chicken, I enjoyed a cold Yard's brew.

So why not a perfect score? Some other Yelpers mentioned it - service. While our party of 8 was seated on time, our server took a good long while before taking our order. How long? Well, we got our drink orders in but it would not be for another 15 minutes that we would get our food orders in. I went ahead and added another hour to the meter just to make sure that I wouldn't get ticketed or have to rush through brunch. It wasn't snooty or indifferent, but slightly aloof and inefficient.

Overall, a wonderful brunch spot that warrants many return trips.
We had been placed on the wait list for Little Nonna's and the Host suggested we grab a drink at their sister restaurant, Bud & Marilyn's.  We were able to get two seats at the bar.  I ordered the Evolution coffee stout and my wife ordered the Troegs Dreamweaver hefe.  Both were great choices.  We had just started our beer when we received the call that our table was ready. We will have to come back because the food that we saw being served looked and smelled great!  The bar staff was very nice and helpful.
4.5 stars for B&Ms. I would highly recommend this place for brunch and happy hour. I had been a couple times before but went for brunch for the first time this weekend and felt inspired to rave about it.

First of all - ADULT SLUSHIES (sometimes frose, this weekend was vodka basil lemonade and was delicious). 

Second - the cheese curds and the cinnamon roll are not to be missed.

Finally - the fried chicken is good, the cobb salad is better, the funfetti cake is also delicious. The bottom line is this is a solid place, most food and drinks are delicious so you really can't go wrong.
Bud & Marilyns is one of my favorites restaurants to go to in center city. It's perfect for all occasions - brunch, dates, out with friends, or celebrations! Thankful that they are offering outdoor dining during covid! Highly recommend coming here - I have never been disappointed!
I love that this restaurant is an ode to all of the comfy classics. To start off the night, I ordered the Marilyn Old Fashioned with high hopes. It was a sweet, delicious brandied version that lived up to the expectations. My cousin's Sage Derby Smash cocktail I tried was a nice, refreshing option for the summer heat. With a pretty nice beer list, the restaurant also boast their own custom "Bud's Best" english pale ale brew by Yards Brewing Co.

For appetizers, my ideal scenario is always to get a sampler of some sort to share. At Bud & Marilyn's they take their own spin on a pu pu platter. (I stifled a childish giggle when I ordered it.) This Asian-inspired assortment consisted of sweet & spicy chicken wings, tamarind barbecued ribs, steak teriyaki skewers, ground shrimp and pork toast, tuna poke, and blistered shishitos. Everything was delicious with my personal favorite being the sweet & spicy wings that had a real tangy kick to them. Because we couldn't help ourselves, my boyfriend and I also haaaaad to try the lobster hot buns. The little buttered potato rolls had warm lobster with celery heart and green apple slices, topped with a light curried aioli. While small for the price, they were the perfect bites.

Psyched to see my all-time favorite comfort food on the menu, I already knew I was going to order the fried chicken dish as my entree. Accompanied by warm biscuits with honey butter and dill zucchini pickles, the crispy herbed chicken was heavenly. On the Friday night specials menu was the fish fry, which half the table ordered. Served with coleslaw, crispy potatoes and classic tartar sauce, the Wisconsin-style fried fish plates were all clean at the end of the meal. A passing dry-aged strip steak caught the eye of my other cousin. Once it arrived, he was amazed by the full roasted bone marrow delivered on top. The steak itself was cooked perfectly medium-rare with a garlic scape salsa verde.

While the meal was too decadent for dessert, options like the peanut butter icebox cake special of the day, funfetti cake, and coconut cream pie were certainly tempting. Throughout the meal, service was steady. It was a little slower in the beginning, but we had our pu pu platter to occupy us for a while. With a menu full of everyone's favorite food and an ambiance like grandma's house, it will be very difficult not to return often.
This place is probably one of the busiest places that I've ever visited! We had 2 o'clock reservations and tried to come earlier but that was a no go. That's fine, we were sat by 2:00 pm. As soon as we sat down we were greeted by Sara who took our beverage and food orders.
Sara was very pleasant and made sure we were taken care of.

Our food came out in a very good amount of time considering how busy they were. I ordered the Marilyn's Fried Chicken Bucket as well as 2 of my cousins and my vegetarian cousin order the Veggie Tofu Hash. 
We were all delightfully pleased with our food orders. I especially enjoyed the french fries. They were very good.

The only hardship with this place was parking. Parking was extremely extremely extremely difficult. Took at least 30 minutes to locate street parking. They have street parking, and then a parking lot directly next door, but is $13 for the 1st hour and $25 after. That's ridiculous. My food cost including the beverage and tip was not even 20' dollars!

I would more than likely return on a better weathered day so I can walk from where I'm staying and leave my car parked. That would definitely make the visit a little more delightful and easier to get through.
Bud and Marilyn's is the latest mid-town village restaurant of Marcie Turner and Valerie Safran.  It is named for the Wisconsin grandparents of Marcie Turner who I presume were called Bud and Marilyn.  I'm pretty certain Bud and Marilyn never actually dined on the dishes being served up in this establishment ....but if they had, I think they would have been pleased.  This is an as eclectic menu as I've seen lately.  A couple of the items ordered stood out - specifically the Nashville Hot Bun and the Cheese Curds.  Service at the bar was extremely competent and friendly by the female bartender hugely multi-tasking.  One thing I would recommend for this restaurant is to just slightly lighten up.  By that I mean, the restaurant is really really dark.  It must get a little surreal being in this low lighting after a few hours.  Or maybe that's the way Bud and Marilyn liked it!
Stopped by for brunch and ordered the Shakshuka and Brioche French Toast. The french toast was great and the cinnamon mascarpone added the perfect amount of sweetness. However, was slightly disappointed in the shakshuka as it wasn't what you would typically expect. It seemed to be a random assortment of vegetables that didn't necessarily go well together. Did appreciate that the brunch menu had quite a few vegetarian dishes to choose from and our waiter was outstanding. Restaurant was COVID-friendly as well and had barriers between the tables. Overall, probably would not return for brunch.
I've been wanting to try this restaurant since it opened because I love their other resto's, and I should mention that I'm not sure if the luau addition for Christmas was run by the owners or some sort of contractor, but I had a bad experience there last night when friends and I  ordered 3 of the $10 "painkiller" cocktails there. 

The drinks were so bad - overly syrupy like one of those pina colada mixes from the bag, and didn't seem to have any of the "dark rum, pineapple juice and orange juice" that they're supposed to have. Only the alleged "cream of coconut" taste was noticeable, and it was so sugary it left our throats burning. We ended up having about 3 sips of them before deciding to ditch them altogether, and one of my friends threw up shortly thereafter. We asked if they were made correctly and were told by a server, "Sorry, this is a pop-up," implying what I can only assume meant that we shouldn't expect quality from a pop-up (despite the high prices). Everyone else in the place seemed happy, so maybe it was just a bad batch that we got.

When my friend got sick, I commented on Bud & Marilyn's Instagram post about the event to warn other patrons. I wouldn't have even posted on Yelp about it, but today I noticed that my comments were deleted, and I'm not a fan of censorship, so I thought I'd try again here.
My man took me here for my birthday on Monday, and lucky for us, the place was participating in Restaurant Week! 

We started off with salads. He got a kale Waldorf salad with buttermilk ranch, and I ordered a yummy beet salad with grapefruit. 

Next course, I ordered their famous fried chicken. Talk about portion sizes! I was served basically half a chicken with crispy goodness on the outside, and two warm, dense biscuits with a side of sweet butter. Southern comfort food at its finest! 
My boyfriend ordered a miso glazed salmon with a purée of some sort of vegetable. That was also delicious. 

I barely had room for dessert, but hey, it was my birthday so I made it happen :) I ordered a peanut butter mousse with chocolate ganache on top. He ordered a warm bread pudding with ice-cream on top. 

For a drink, i got their "slush of the day" which was a frozen punch of tart and fruity awesomeness.

The service is great, food is fantastic, and the atmosphere is trendy and dimly lit. I'll be returning here again!
If anyone gives under 5 stars for brunch they are crazy.  Made reservations via opentable so seating was no issue.  Loved the retro decor and feel of the restaurant.  Our server was great and always seemed to come by at the right moment.   The husband had an English Stout while I stuck with mixed drinks. The grapefruit mimosa was good. For food we began by sharing the fried cheese curds, so good, think tater tot and mozzarella sticks combined.   For breakfast I had the almond crusted french toast with banana and whipped cream, it was amazing and too much for me to finish.   I had to surrender.  The husband had the fried chicken sandwich which was fantastic and had tons of flavor.  We both left stuffed, needing a walk followed by a nap spent dreaming about our meals.
I dined at Bud & Marilyn's last week for my friend's birthday. We decided to come here on a whim, so without a reservation, we were unable to sit at a table, but we found plenty of open seating at the bar and chefs counter. 

This place blew me away! And my birthday friend as well.  We both were very impressed with how delicious everything was! You know when you take a bite of something, and its so good, you just look at each other with a mouthful of food and go "Mmmmmmmygod!"  Well that was everything we ate at Bud & Marilyn's. 

- CARROT appetizer stole the show. Our favorite dish of the night, was like artwork on a plate, and tasted even better! There was an amazing yogurt sauce, and everything else on the dish was perfection to my taste buds. Best carrot dish I've ever eaten! 
- Nashville HOT BUNS were also really good. The buns were delicious, and although I don't like spicy food, I gobbled this down easy and loved it. 
- SCALLOPS main dish was amazing. It was larger than I expected, with tasty corn cakes sandwiched in between the scallops. Very tender and juicy, the orange sauce didn't overpower the delicate scallops. Everything was just right. 
- Side order of some local GREENS was our least favorite, but still very good. 

Save room for dessert, seriously. Don't skip dessert!  We sat at the salad/dessert chef's counter so got to see each dessert prepared, and damn they were superior. We ate the Birthday confetti Cake, which sells out quick! It sounds simple, but the coconut icing layered in between that funfetti is fantastic and tasted sooo much better than I anticipated.  We also ate the chocolate MALT BALL cake, which is layered with a thick, rich, peanut butter filling. I would have liked more malt flavoring in the chocolate cake, instead of just malt balls on top, but the peanut butter layers was rich and delicious. The ELVIS dessert looked the best, I have to try that next! Also the lady behind the counter said her favorite was the coconut cream pie, which also looked mind blowing. FYI, these cakes are MASSIVE, so be prepared. 

I can't wait to come back here, everything was absolutely delicious and really blew us away! One of the best dinners I've had in a long time!  Oh, service was fantastic too :) All around perfect experience.
Made appointment several days prior easily through Open Table and was sat immediately upon arrival. The interior vintage vibe is beautiful throughout decor/menu and clearly well thought out. 

The Waitress was pleasant but didn't given us time to look a the menu at all before asking for drink order and no recommendations. I had the Marilyn's Old Fashioned which was tasty but not too strong. My husband had a mojito which was good and classically made. We started with the cheese curds which was my favorite thing of the whole evening. Light, Crispy thin batter with melty mozzarella and wonderful lemon-dilly house made ranch dressing and chipotle sauces. If you are salt sensitive then this will likely come off salty but was so flavorful and perfect. I had the Nashville Hot Sliders which were okay - I found the roll to be a little stale and was cold. The slaw lacked flavor which I was disappointing as I LOVE pickles and it stated it was made with pickle brine. We split the fried chicken which was a large portion! Chicken was crispy and had well flavored batter but found the meat of the chicken unflavored and dry. The Biscuits were wonderful, light and perfect with the salted honey butter. 

We were too full to eat dessert there but took a HUGE slice of the funfetti cake to go. The cake was light, airy and so wonderful!! The buttercream was some of the lightest I have had. The cake was plenty for 2-3 people and would highly recommend it. 

Nice location, though I would likely stop in again to get Cheese curds, Biscuits and Dessert would pass on the chicken.
Came tonight based on reviews. We had a reservation because it was Restaurant Week and were seated promptly. I was a little taken aback to be told that everyone at the table had to choose off the Restaurant Week menu, so if one wanted it, all had to have it. I've been to a LOT of restaurant weeks on the east coast and have never been told that before. We opted against the Restaurant Week menu for that reason. 

Service was prompt and friendly. Dishes came out quickly. The acoustics here are awful and we had to scream across the table at one another until thankfully, the tables on both sides of us cleared. Wine is an ungenerous pour (i.e.  not a lot for your $11+ dollars). 

We struggled a little with the appetizers and eventually settled on Warm Buttermilk Pretzel Rolls-Kentucky beer cheese butter, chives, sea salt, $8. They came out in under 5 minutes, the server cautioned us that the skillet was hot and while it might have been, the interior of the rolls were stone cold. Lacking flavor and salt, along with a flavorless beer cheese butter, they were a disappointing start to dinner. I don't recommend whatsoever. Spend your $8 elsewhere or on something else. 

Dinner improved greatly with the entrees though!! SEARED SEA SCALLOPS corn & fava succotash, crisp pancetta, johnny cakes, and roasted sherry-tomato dressing, $24 included 3 large sea scallops and 3 little Johnny cakes. It really was delicious, though the scallops were overcooked. 

 SIRLOIN CAP STEAK hazelnut-almond romesco, loaded Hasselback potato and garlic broccolini, $24 was also very well done. We both agreed the entrees at Bud & Marilyn's were some of the most enjoyable of our week. 

Though tempted by the dessert menu and the famous Funfetti cake, we resisted. At the end of the day, the acoustics here nudged my stars down to a four. Entrees really are quite good though.
I was disappointed with dinner here. Cheese curds were good but the dipping sauces were bland. Lots of hype about the fried chicken but it was just 'ok.' I have had better fried chicken a bunch of places including even a few gasoline stores in North Carolina and Georgia. 

Great fried chicken is juicy and moist with crispy skin. The skin was the right texture but it was a little dried about especially the thigh. Didn't care for the after taste either. A bit too much pepper and tang. Trout was also a bit bland and overcooked as well. 

It wasn't a bad meal. Just not one that was particularly good and whose signature dish was mediocre.
I came in here for lunch with coworkers. Although we did not have a reservation, they were able to seat us right away. The service was good throughout, and the atmosphere is modern, yet comfortable. I really enjoyed our selections, though the food is pretty heavy and could clog all of your arteries at once. 

We started off with some shareable appetizers: the crispy cheese curds and the pork 'n pickles. The cheese curds were like bite-sized mozzarella sticks - crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside. They were super oily, but absolutely delicious - served with a smoky salsa-like sauce and an herby ranch-like sauce. The pork 'n pickles were an eclectic mix of ham, pate, cured meat, cheese, biscuits, pickles, and mustard, embellished with a crispy pork rind. 

For my entree, I had the pastrami patty melt. I was curious about the fries, so I picked that as a side, but after taking a few bites from this delicious, but greasy sandwich, I realized I should have picked a side salad. The sandwich itself was huge, stuffed with beef, pastrami, and melted gruyere and raclette - a combination that tasted as awesome as it sounds. Combined with the fries, it could easily have fed two people. The food was well-executed and I would definitely come back for dinner and a drink, or even to try some other lunch items. 

The only thing that didn't impress me was the iced tea, which came as a glass of ice and an Honest Tea bottle that I could pour into the glass. It was not freshly brewed tea.
i'm so glad they finally opened up for lunch! been waiting for months!

i read the reviews and we got the wisco cheese curds to start.  Then i got the shortrib stroganoff~

first, the cheese curds were definitely dabomb! super tasty and those dipping sauces... wow! it makes the dish extra special! my favorite is that chipotle chili.

the stroganoff on the other hand was not my favorite.. while it was tasty, it didn't wow me like the cheese curds did.  

my friend got the meatloaf~since i didn't have any, i can't comment on how it tastes, but the presentation was very photogenic! swirly garlic mash with a lantern of mushroom gravy.  my friend said it was delicious though!

overall, great addition to the 13th street bunch! i'm looking forward to trying other dishes.  perhaps the bucket of chicken next time~
I am a regular at Bud and Marilyn's.  Literally once a week I dine here when my father comes to the city its our little ritual.  Since I live right around the corner, I often take other family and friends here as well.  Since its opened, I find this charming little spot to be a cool vibe, and good food.  I usually also have pretty good service.  

Last night, I wanted to take my friend there to celebrate his birthday.  I sat down at the bar  (whom I've also been served by at Village Whiskey) really nice dude.  He laughed when I ordered and said that's a LOT of food for just you.  I informed him I had someone coming.  About 5 minutes later I turn around to check the door as I was sitting in the bar waiting for my friend.  I see him sitting in the corner literally in what looked like time out.  I then watch the manager (?) walk up to the bartender and pull him aside saying something.  The bartender comes back to me and tells me he cannot serve me.   At this time I was very confused as #1 I hadn't ordered a drink and had no clue why I couldn't get food.  It turns out this manager deemed my friend "inebriated" and said he couldn't serve us.  Extremely unprofessional to have the bartender do your dirty work, and I could tell he felt bartender quite awkward about it.  So I politely removed myself from the bar and walked up to the guy who I found out was named Bill and inquired (perfectly sober) as to why my friend and I could not eat.  He mumbled a story about him being drunk and that we would not be served.  He made NO eye contact and looked down at menus.  I'm pretty surprised this is a man running this place who can't even look a patron in the face as they throw them out.  

Anyway, in a sea of restaurants, we went elsewhere and had a delicious dinner.  We even told our bartender the story and he laughed and hooked us up with a killer dessert for a bad birthday experience.  Bud's is good, but in a place of standout restaurants I'll find a new place to be a regular and will no longer be taking anyone there nor recommending it at all.  

In fact, I've already shared this story on social media based on its complete absurdity.  As I said to the manager I'll be putting this on yelp.  His response "go ahead."
I think I had reasonable expectations for Bud & Marilyn's after hearing nothing but phenomenal reviews from friends & in reviews. My expectations were set a little low, perhaps, because my friend and I had a near-perfect extravagant lunch yesterday.

The space itself is fun, kitschy-with-a-wink, and sleek. The service staff is young, but fiercely excited about the menu (maybe it was just our server), and happy to offer advice on ordering.

We ordered:
- Cheese curds
- Vietnamese Chicken liver pate
- Chop Suey
- French Onion Grilled Cheese

I've heard raves about the cheese curds, and they did not disappoint. Light, salty, fried delicious morsels of cheesy goodness. I had a huge smile on my face after the first bite. 

The Vietnamese Chicken liver pate was a delicious riff on a classic - the added pickled vegetables & peanut notes add great new flavors to the already flavorful chicken liver.

The Chop Suey was fun and rich in flavor. Somewhere between classic Lo Mein, Fried rice, and a collage of other Asian flavors, it was rich and decadent with the egg & pork belly.

The only real mis-step for me was the Grilled Cheese. It was good, don't get me wrong, but not something I will probably return to. The bits of french onion that I got were delicious, but overall I found the sandwich to be a bit one-note.

I liked everything so much, I already have a reservation for later this week to return!
Bud and Marilyn's did not disappoint. The flavors were bright and our meals were well seasoned.  I was not a huge fan of the biscuits however and only ate a half of one.  They were a bit dry and I wish the butter was a honey butter or something sweet rather than savory. 

We would return.
I wanted to like this place based on the menu and the owners, but couldn't give it more than 3 stars.

Service - subpar - it was a busy night, but took awhile to get even water and our order.   Server checked in on a few times and refilled on the water.  The food did come out relatively fast however.  

Food 
- cheese curds - these are delicious ball of cheese.  A little too greasy, but comes with two savory sides: ranch with green onions and a smokey salsa. Preferred the smokey salsa.
- Campanelle pasta - mini veal meatballs with truffles.  Portion was small and very rich.  would avoid if you're hungry.  
- fried chicken - the portion is great for a hungry person.  Half chicken, two biscuits and pickled zucchini.  The chicken skin was disappointing - something was burnt in the oil and they must've never changed it.  Biscuits are really good - crusty outside with a flaky center.
- funfetti cake - huge portion (1 giant slice) but overhyped cake that tastes like a sheet cake from your neighborhood super market.  

Disappointing visit - some highs, but lows too.
Bud and Marilyn's is one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. The prices are reasonable, the food is delicious, and the service is lightning fast. 

During my last visit I ordered the Nashville Hot Chicken Biscuit Sandwich with a side of hash browns and split the Warm Pecan Cinnamon roll. I personally found the "sandwich" a bit difficult to eat as a sandwich due to the size, but that didn't impact my enjoyment of the meal in the least---the biscuits were fluffy and warm and the chicken was tender and flavorful. I even liked the slaw and pickles that were used as toppings, and I typically don't care for either. The hash browns were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with a nice hint of garlic. Overall, would highly recommend if you want a delicious, filling meal.

With the little space I had left in my stomach I split the cinnamon roll with a friend. The cinnamon roll was warm, gooey, and sweet---just as I expected it to be. The raisins were also a great touch that really enhanced the overall flavor of the dish.

Bud and Marilyn's takes reservations, including for brunch. If you arrive on open, you might be lucky enough to get a seat without one, but do NOT bank on it. I literally made a reservation an hour prior to my arrival and was extremely happy that I was not among the hordes of people waiting in the doorway. All in all, if you want a great brunch on the 13th Street corridor, definitely give Bud and Marilyn's a shot.
I've been here a few times and pretty consistently have a good experience. The atmosphere is trendy (and dark), and the service is really top notch. 

As far as food-- the cinnamon bun off their brunch menu is delicious. From dinner - the Nashville hot buns and the cheese curds are a MUST. 

I do have to say I was really disappointed with the pupu platter. It's $19 and feeds 2- but we really didn't like a single thing on it. Everything was majorly over salted to the point that it kind of burned our mouths. That's where I have to knock a star off. 

The snickers cake was awesome (and giant) though. 

Otherwise, anything I've had there is tasty, and they have some cool drinks as well. On the mid to pricy side. Worth a stop in!
Treated myself to a Sunday dinner from Bud & Marilyn via DoorDash. I was pretty surprised by the deliciousness of the food. Not sure what I was expecting. This was my first time ordering and eating from this restaurant. 

For my appetizer, I tried their cheese curds that was really good! This is one of my favorite types of foods and glad I found another place I can get them from. The cheese curds was a bit oily but not too bad (I reheated them in my air fryer). I had the butternut squash lumache pasta. The pasta meal had chunks of squash and toasted hazelnuts (I requested no mushrooms). The taste of the pasta was different and tasty! Now to the dessert! I ordered their funfetti cake. Oh...em...gee! This HUGE slice of cake is literally fun in every bite! If you have a sweet tooth like me -- it's a must try!

There's some other items on their menu that I would like to try!
This is one of my go-to's in the sense that I don't go here as often as I could but I've had essentially the same thing on the menu 50 times. This was one of the first places I went with my now fiance in the beginning of our relationship and since many times with various people. I've also wondered who the fuck bud and marilyn are until an article came out about 6 months ago that explained it, unless I'm confusing a real life event with a dream.

Anyways, I brought my parents here when they were vising last weekend for a cute little brunch. Initially my Mom was bitching about the choices on the menu not because it's a limited selection but because she always complains about everything (love u). Eventually her eyes made it to the area of the menu that has the tofu hash. My Dad ordered the shakshuka and I switched it up (I usually order the tofu hash) and got chilaquiles without meat. 

One of the best things about this place is that you can make a bunch of shit vegetarian and the vegetarian options are clearly marked. 

Drink menu is pretty good, I ordered the frose slush which is a frozen beverage and very sweet but good. There is definitely not enough in there and it didn't get me turnt on any level which was disappointing. 

My Mom LOVED the tofu hash because it's fucking amazing. My Dad also really enjoyed the shakshuka however did mention he wished the egg was cooked more often which is an option. 

The chilaquiles were OK like the sauce was good but too many of the chips were paradoxically soggy and yet somehow didn't have any toppings on them. I only ate like half the chips and was still kinda hungry after lunch because I didn't wantto just eat like a bag of chips. I wouldn't order this again. 

I will say based on previous experiences that the curds are AMAZING. Sad I didn't order them. I still have to try the biscuits and I hear the ricotta pancakes are bomb.
I've visited Bud & Marilyn's several times and have always had a tremendous experience.  The food is delicious, the service is A+ and the experience is on point.  I only wish it was easier to get a table!

Pros:

The Food is overall solid.  My wife and I have ordered the cheese curds and the pu pu platter for 2 (a mounstrous mix of, I think, shrimp toast, chicken wings, short ribs and a few other items) - both of which were so large we ended up taking home after dinner.  Those cheese curds are stellar as well, but so is fried cheese overall!  

Similarly, to me, the comfort foodie-goodness of Bud & Marilyn's fried chicken dishes is the reason to go.  From the hot buns, to the fried chicken sandwich to the fried chicken plate (and the most delicious biscuit in the City of Philadelphia), they're all high points and at a, uh "midtown village" restaurant with a fairly reasonable price.  

The service was friendly and attentive and every server I've experienced has been great.  

The Happy Hour features a number of appetizer specials at a great price and the cocktails are worth a trip as well, although a bit pricey for a happy hour (drinks, the food is still a great deal and maybe that makes it work) IMHO.  Still worth an early dinner trip!

The seating and ambiance are enjoyable and most seats are comfortable and a great place to share a bite to eat with a partner or friend.

Cons:

I also visited for Restaurant Week and had the burger which I think is typically a brunch item.  It was well cooked, but nothing to rave about.  With so many other great items on the menu, I can't recommend this burger.  Honestly, it's the worst thing I've had there, and even it was pretty good.  Side note - the fries were still pretty solid and among the better fries!

It's fairly hard to get a reservation in short order.   What a complaint that is, but a fair testament to Bud and Marilyn's!

Conclusion:  It's one of my favorites in the City and especially for comfort food.  Go for a good cocktail at happy hour, but stay for dinner and fried chicken!
I was on a layover looking for a good place to eat, Yelp suggested Bud & Marilyn's, and they didn't disappoint! I've never had cheese curds but they seemed to be the thing to try. I'm actually not a big cheese eater but boy did I love these! Hard to describe, chewy, crispy, slightly salty great. Really really great. I got the chicken biscuit sandwich, I usually never order chicken sandwiches and this was perfect. The biscuit was worth it alone. And then because I love cake I had to also get their funfetti cake. It took two days to finish it. Two great days of cake. I'd definitely return here to eat whenever I'm in Philadelphia. I think about returning just so I can eat here. I got take out but it looks like a great place to meet friends. The staff is nice and helpful. Everything seems good here
2 words - CHEESE CURDS. Omg the lightest fluffiest gooey cheese curds. We almost asked for a second order they were so good but we had so much food we weren't able to handle it. The dipping sauces are both really good - garlicky ranch and sort of a smoky chipotle. 

We also got the cinnamon bun - loads of sticky sauce on the bottom and perfect amount of frosting. The sesame gochujang bacon was pretty good too. 

The drinks were tasty - I was happy to find a grapefruit mimosa which quickly went to my head (in a good way). My husbands pink lemonade was refreshing. 

For mains we got the shrimp poboy Benedict and spicy chicken biscuit sandwich with bacon. The Benedict was an interesting take - pretty sure the base was a Martin's potato roll. The shrimp had a char grilled flavor but they had tails on so it was a little hard to eat with the rest of it. Ended up eating the shrimp mostly on their own. I liked the pickled slaw on top for a bit of acid. The chicken biscuit was huge and decadent. Came with fries. I tasted a friend's lemon ricotta pancake - that whipped ricotta on top is a game changer!

Service was great and food came out fast! We had made reservations for 10am on Saturday (that's when it opens). People were already hovering outside before the doors opened.
Ok, I've been here a few times and all I have to do is upgrade this establishment from 4 to 5 STARS!!! The quality and taste given to each dish, I can't, it's just beyond words right now. The cocktails are perfectly executed. Just keep doing what you are doing, praise your staff, they are wonderful and major compliments to the chef!!! 

Must try's:
Hot Buttered Buns
Fried Cheese Curds
NY Old Fashion cocktails
Any pasta and short rib dishes
Fried Chicken
Wowza, I am still having mouth-watering taste deja vu from my visit here the past weekend.  The 13th Street crew hit a comfort food homerun with this throwback spot.  The decor reminded me of a fancy version of a late 80s mid-scale family restaurant or diner.  Glass bottle bottom dividers separated you from the table behind you.  A felt board with pin in letters laid out the cocktail list.  

The food would be an excellent last meal.  We started with the cheese curds.  They were fried with a light, well-seasoned and crispy breading and came with chipotle salsa and housemade dill-ranch sauce for dipping.  Both of the dips added some wonderful flavor to the delicious-on-their-own curds.  

For an entree, I ordered the Nashville Hot Buns.  They too, were perfectly seasoned breaded pieces of crispy chicken.  The chicken was coated in spice-filled hot sauce and topped with a crunchy vegetable slaw for some added texture. The bread reminded me of potato rolls. The portion size was small, but I pigged out on cheese curds, so I was more than satisfied.  

A friend ordered the fried chicken platter, and I sampled her buttermilk biscuits with honey butter.  The biscuits were flaky with a formidable outside.  The honey butter was the richest butter I think I've ever tasted.  I could have eaten a pound of that by itself (think Steve Carrell in Anchorman 2).  The entrees came with what appeared to be a housemade medium spicy hot sauce, which I would have purchase had it been on offer.

The cocktails we sampled were also good and at $10-12, what you expect at upscale-ish, trendy Philadelphia restaurants.
Do yourselves a favor and go to the Popeyes down the street for fried chicken. Our chicken was obviously reheated in the oven. The thigh was soooo dry -- how do you even make a piece of thigh dry? The spice blend for the coating wasn't good either. Somehow it gives a very strong herbal flavor. 

Other things we ordered were fine. Their house made hot sauce was good.
Bud & Marilyn's definitely lives up to what we have all come to expect from the amazing 13th street restaurants.  The ambiance is great, its dark and warm, and like any good restaurant with a consistent theme you feel transported, in this case, back into the 50's.  It was really swanky and fun! We got in last minute on a Monday night at 7:45 and the restaurant was about 3/4 of the way full.  
Service was great, friendly but not over the top.  My only complaint would be that we ordered a bunch of dishes to share and they all came out too on top of one and other. 
The food is delicious, and again its fun!  Started with the steak tar tar and it was probably my favorite dish of the night.  Tons of flavor, and well balanced, I could have eaten spoon fulls of the black truffle vinaigrette.  Next we had the local greens, which also had a great flavor, and a nice crunch with the nuts.  Be warned they are shockingly spicy which was fine with us, but if you don't like spice it could be an issue. The beer cheddar brat buns were good too, a little difficult to eat but had a great bite to them.  The pierogies are hiding at the bottom of the menu as a side, but do not miss them, they are huge, perfectly done and the dipping sauce is wonderful.  We finished with the short ribs, and the barley underneath was one of the best things I've eaten in a while!  We may have over ordered honestly, but it was nice to try something from each section.  The food is really hearty, it's a lot of that great comfort food we are all craving with this cold weather!  
We also split a bottle of wine, the wine list isn't huge and next time I'd probably opt for one of their cocktails. 
All in all great experience, amazing comfort food.  Prices are in line with what you'd expect.
The place: bustling on a Sunday night, feels like an all-American, standard family restaurant. The service was courteous, informative, and swift af. We had plenty of water, they were great with the baby that was dining with us, all in all, a really solid experience. 

The taste: everything we had was as good as the bites before. We shared the Nashville hot buns, the falafel crusted cauliflower, the butternut squash salad, the chicken liver and foie gras mousse, and the skirt steak platter. The foie gras with amply buttered bread was my personal favorite, but everything really was fantastic. 

My face: a satiated, contented smile, and a feeling that $138 for three of us with 5 drinks among us was pretty reasonable for the quality and speed of the food that was brought to us.
Geez, I come in here as a full grumpy cat, all hungry and cranky. I was "that customer". I ordered a Bloody Mary and cheese curds. The server took our order and the cheese curds came out very quickly. The server reports back and said bloody marys are made in large batches on the weekends only, and that they were incorrect in telling me they had them on a weekday. I literally came for the Bloody Mary, but whatever, and I had already started eating the cheese curds. Well damn if the cheese curds were not phenomenal and the dipping sauces were simply delightful. What started out as a disappointing experience was turned around by amazing cheese curds, a super nice server that was dealing with my hangry attitude, and a few glasses of local beer. 

Follow up: I came back the next day and tried the Bloody Mary, and it was pretty damn good. The place was packed on a weekend! Overall I have to say the few things I tried here and the fun, pleasant staff made this a great stop for a snack and drinks.
Opening night success! The decor definitely matches the retro vibe and the menu is full of classic, but unique comfort food! Being only two blocks away I know we will definitely come back for more! We tried a variety of small plates and all were delicious! First we had the Crispy Cheese Curds which were pillowy lightly fried bits of Wisconsin cheese; they were served with the most delicious sauce combinations - a guajillo salsa and a garlic ranch! We ate every last bit and they were definitely the best cheese curds I have ever had! Next we tried the Warm Skillet Bread which was a dense bread with  caramelized onions and corn which was served with warm butter. This was probably my least favorite item of the night but it was still good and I enjoyed how the bread pulled a part and in the inside were full kernels of sweet corn! It was a little too dense for me, but I can see how it is a comfort item. The last item we tried were the Nashville Hot Buns & these were definitely my favorite! The flavor profile and taste combinations in this slider were on point and impeccable! On first bite I could pick up on the pleasantly spicy homemade hot sauce on top of deliciously moist fried chicken breast which was topped with pickles and a brined slaw with fresh herbs. I would eat these fried chicken sliders all day long! We didn't have room for dessert but look forward to trying some of the berry pies or pb&j cheesecake. All the best to this new restaurant and we will definitely go back to try more things!
A Great Surprise in My Neighborhood

Despite having lived just three blocks away, we had never been to Bud & Marilyn's. Fortunately, the place we originally tried to get into had a long wait and we called ahead to learn there was room for two at the kitchen counter.

I think my favorite seat in the entire restaurant was sitting at the counter and watching the chefs prepare the food (for those that have been to Sampan, it's the same open kitchen concept). It amazes me how quickly they can work to get the masses of dishes out. Definitely added to our experience.

I don't even remember what we had anymore, but I was thoroughly impressed, surprised, and disappointed. And the disappointment stems from not having gone here sooner. We will definitely be back again, and soon.

Food 5/5
Drinks 5/5
Service 5/5
Ambiance 5/5
