Three words, and listen closely: CHILEAN. SEA. BASS. 
That's all you need to know, just trust me.

When I was invited to try Buddakan, I thought was going to a meditation center. I'd never heard of it. Well if you've never heard of it or maybe you've never been, don't wait. It was an awesome dining experience. From the mood lighting and music, to the giant Buddha and friendly staff, to the INCREDIBLE food - if you're in Philly, craving something fancier than a cheesesteak, I'd highly recommend Buddakan. 

The minute you walk into Buddkan, you're transported to sexy, mysterious land of Asian fusion cuisine. There's a waterfall wall upon entry. With the dim lighting and techno music, this is exactly the place for a hot date - equal parts romantic and chic. 

I arrived early for my Restaurant Week reservation, so I snagged a bar stool (which wasn't difficult, I imagine most people don't come here for the bar). The bartender was friendly, quick, and knowledgeable. There's no happy hour, so unless you're getting a $6 draft, be prepared to drop a decent amount on a cocktail. With tip, my Strength (Tito's, Lillet Blanc, cilantro, lime) cost a cool $17. 

When my table arrived, I closed my tab and carried my drink to the table. I didn't want to stiff the bartender his tip, even though he offered to transfer my tab. 

We came for Restaurant Week, and in my free time at work, I did extensive research on the offered menu and the tastiest items (thanks, fellow Yelpers!) I saw numerous great reviews and already knew what I was ordering before I walked in the door: Chicken & Ginger Dumplings, Chilean Sea Bass, and the "Dip sum" Donuts. 

My family does not eat a lot of sea food, and I grew up in a home that never cooked it. As an adult, I've ventured outside of my lifelong belief that I hated seafood, and I've found, that more times than not, I'm pleasantly surprised with the flavors. I don't know anything about Sea Bass or what it might taste or feel like (any texture eaters out there?). It was out of this world, one of the best things I've ever eaten, wish I could eat it for every day AMAZING. The fish is soft, buttery, and melt in your mouth. It's paired with this incredible sauce that I would drink straight from a glass. It doesn't have any sort of "fishy" taste, and it's satiating but light - it doesn't sit in your gut. I'm salivating just thinking about it. It's honestly one the best dishes I've ever had. PERIOD. 

The dumplings and dessert were equally incredible. A friend ordered the BBQ Tenderloin, and it was gorgeous and absolutely the best pork I've ever tried. The best part? Restaurant Week gives you everything for $35. Three courses at a high-end eatery for $35 is a great deal, but at Buddakan it almost feels criminal.

Our server was perky and attentive, and the food was delivered quickly. The only slight complaint would be that it is VERY dark. I had to use a flashlight to read to drink menu at the bar. This tiny inconvenience is completely overshadowed (no pun intended) by everything else: the vibe, the food, the flavors, the service. Buddakan nails it. Can't wait to have an excuse to come back.
So happy to have finally went here, and even happier to report that it does live up to its reputation! We finally had a chance to come here with a large group and were able to order almost everything on the menu. All dishes were flavorful, delicious and impressive. The best by far was the bass, it literally melted in your mouth and tasted like whipped butter. Also, I was really impressed with all of the dumplings especially the edamame one. There are tons of meat dishes, as well as a few chicken and seafood ones, and multiple noodle and rice choices. This is like an upscale Asian restaurant/American steakhouse/super trendy club with a Buddah. My favorite dessert was the banana one actually, that tasted like cheesecake. I'm not a big doughnut person, but a lot of people liked them and all the dips they came with.

Defintely check this out for a date, birthday celebration or a work event. Fun and delicious times will occur!
We came here for dinner with a group of girls on a bachelorette weekend.  Buddakan's reputation proceeds it in many ways - from the ambiance, the food, the vibes, the drinks, the prices... yet we were still all beyond impressed with our entire dining experience.

We decided to follow the waitress recommendation and dine mostly family style.  We ordered some apps plus about 1 entree for each person, but mostly shared our dishes.  Some exclusions since we had some vegetarian eaters and ordered 1-2 meat dishes.  I managed to taste everything and each was better than the next! 

To start, we ordered 3 appetizers -
// Edamame Dumplings ($16) truffled sauternes-shallot broth.  I believe these came 5 to an order and we added one, but I can't be exactly certain.  These were quite possibly the best thing on the table all night.  Fluffy clouds of whipped edamame encased in tender dumpling dough - oh my goodness.  We took one bite of these and quickly contemplated ordering 5 more orders and feasting on these alone.  Not going to lie, we came pretty close, but in the end we refrained.
// Mushroom Potstickers ($12) mushroom mix, pickled lotus root ponzu sauce.  These were phenomenal as well! A bit crispy on the outside, it was a nice comparison to the soft dumpling texture.  They were earthy, flavorful, and fantastic.  Almost a meat-like texture from the mushrooms, and a definite crowd pleaser.
// Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls ($16) served with crispy shallot, chili ponzu.  Three came to an order for these guys, so we ordered 2 orders since there were 6 of us.  I didn't actually get to eat this one, because at 8 months pregnant I know I shouldn't be eating Tuna tartare (although I was VERY tempted) - the general consensus from the table was that these were amazeballs.  Thankfully, someone graciously offered to eat mine. 

The dinner entrees were fantastic.  My friend and myself ended up splitting most of the Sea bass as our main dish which was amazing.  Thoughts on all the dishes below:
// Pan Seared Sea Bass ($37: haricots verts, butternut squash, maitake mushrooms, truffle jus).  AMAZING.  I've had a thing for fish lately, and this one was stellar.  The sea bass was super thick and delicious, a beautiful crust on top with perfectly flaky and juicy center - YUM.  The verts and mushrooms added a nice element to the dish too! The fish was super flavorful without being overly salty, which I sometimes find, especially in asian cuisine. 
// Shrimp Lo Mein ($23: x.o. sauce, scallions). YUM. I was worried that the shrimp lo mein and the shrimp pad thai would be similar, but they were both very different in flavor, noodle texture, etc.  The shrimp wasn't a side-kick in this dish, it definitely stood up on the main stage - so delicious! 
// Shrimp Pad Thai ($27: shrimp, bean sprouts). Again another delicious dish.  Pad Thai usually seems like the safe and go-to choice for those who don't like thai food, so it's not typically my order.  However, this dish shone bright, and was super flavorful.  The shrimp was delicious, and didn't cower down in comparison to the rest of the dishes. 
// Black Pepper Beef ($30: wok tossed rib eye, crispy bird's nest).  Truthfully, I wasn't the most interested in this dish, because it was pretty basic - but I tried a piece of the meat - it was delicious! It a bit on the sweet side but nice and peppery as well.  The crispy birds nest was an interesting addition as well.
/// Crab fried rice: We ordered this after most of our plates  were on the table.  One of the girls in the group wanted it - honestly, I though 'who orders fried rice?!' but.... wouldn't you know it, this was damn delicious.  We all started out by saying we just wanted a small bite to try, then everyone (EVERYONE) took more and more.  It was the first dish completely finished on the table! 

There might have been more on the table, but the other dishes escape me. I just know everything I tried was incredible.  They even had mocktails listed on their menu - I had one, and asked the bartended to make it 'less sweet' - it was delicious, and I felt like I was part of the gang with everyone having a cocktail.  

Our waitress was absolutely great - she answered all our questions, and silently giggled when she overheard our typical bachelorette-y conversations.  At the end of the meal, she even brought out a dairy free coconut sorbet with a sparkler candle in it for our bride.  We obviously all shared the sorbet, and it was light, delicious, and so yummy!  We couldn't even fathom looking at the dessert menu, but I'm certain that it is probably choc-full of wonderful delicacies.

My one complaint, would be we were seated next to the kitchen - right by the open flame and plate warmers.  It was a bit warm for my taste, but thankfully we were dressed for the 96+ degree day outside.  Still, I would have preferred to be a bit further from the kitchen.  The plus side was that we had a circle booth which was GREAT for table conversation and seating.
This is a fantastic spot.  it was my first time and will certainly not be my last.  

Interior:  amazing chic asian decor that is reminiscent of Tao in Las Vegas.  Asian fusion restaurant style....   I loved the ambiance of the place.  It has spaces for large groups as well as tables that are more intimate for dates and such.  I was seated in a corner of a long half square couch.  It was real classy and had plenty of space for us and between the other guests on either side.  

Food:  Items are on the pricier side, but nothing too crazy.  There is a decent selection of foods and you are sure to find something that you like.  My date ordered an amazing duck dish while I go the Chilean sea  bass.  We were both wowed by the presentation and taste of our dishes.
for dessert we were recommended the donuts.  They came with 3 dipping sauces and were presented on a long dish with a chinese take out box to hold the donuts.  The presentation of the dishes really redefines your dining experiences.

Service:  Good service.  Our waiter came a couple times and was pretty attentive to us.  

This is such a booming spot.  I always see crowds in front of this place.  I highly suggest a visit.  Unlike many trendy restaurants that charge high prices for designer dishes, this place actually has good food.
Wow this might be my new favorite Stephen Starr restaurant! It is a trendy, chic little Asian Fusion restaurant in Old City. The low lighting and elegant decor make for an excellent spot for a date night. We had reservations for a Saturday night and had no trouble getting seated right away upon arrival. The service was great and our waiter had many great suggestions as to what we should order.

I am a big fan of seafood and was interested with trying the Chilean Sea Bass. My only concern was that the sea bass would come out as a whole fish (eyeballs and all) and so I asked the waiter. After having a laugh with me, he assured me that this was not the case and recommended I order it and I'm glad I did! The sea bass was absolutely incredible. Very tender and buttery and served with a sweet sauce which was just so so so delicious. Definitely the highlight of the night!

The food is a bit pricey but I would say it is definitely worth it. Buddakan is the perfect spot if you're looking to treat yourself to something a little more fancy.
Hands down loved this place. I loved the decor and the atmosphere was very romantic for a birthday dinner for bae. We ate very light because we couldn't take leftovers, but I can't wait to go back. The waiter was awesome and gave us some good recommendations. I highly recommend everything, but seriously though, the crispy calamari salad and tea ribs were enough to fill 2 people. Def a place I can't wait to go back to and have some entrees. Prepare to share because the portions are huge. Oh and the carrot cake was off the chain.
My dinner at Buddakan made me want to be a better person. The type of person that deserves this level of deliciousness in their life. From beginning to end, with the exception of freezing our asses off outside, everything was spectacular. I've been to Buddakan before during restaurant week but to be a real paying customer is next level amazing. 
We started off with a pitcher of zengria which was refreshing and delicious. We sampled the dim sum and agreed the edamame dumpling is the runaway winner. 
Our dinners were truly a feast for the senses. Visually stunning and equally delicious. The lobster dish my boyfriend got was almost overwhelming it was so gigantic. The presentation was perfect and of course the taste was phenomenal. We also ordered Mongolian lamb chops and found them to be the best lamb in the city. And there was a year where my boyfriend tried all the lamb in the city so that declaration actually means something. 
All of this amazingness was followed up by some dip sum donuts...a delicious donut and delicious pun! Impossible to resist. 
Our waiter Isaiah was wonderful-very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. He also hooked us up with a little heater so we didn't die out in the elements. Buddakan is so much more than a restaurant. It's an experience. And it shouldn't be missed.
It will be hard to write a captivating review without re-stating many of the sentiments already expressed below, but I shall try...

Last night we went to Buddakan Philadelphia (there are now 3 locations) which is celebrating 11 years in operation.  Surprisingly, even after living in Philly for nearly 4 years and trying tons of restaurants, this was our first visit.  Years back we visited and peeked inside to see the amazing Golden Buddha and the waterfall wall fountain. I had read the menu many times on the website - so I felt like I knew what to expect.  (N.B. they will be CHANGING the drink menu and dinner menu in a few weeks - finally.)

Decor and Service were easily 5 star, but there are too many small details overlooked for me to give Buddakan that elusive fifth star.  (As Starr restaurants go, this is pretty typical in that there is some over-hyping going on - but for a restaurant like this to survive and thrive for 11 years - an eternity for a restaurant - they are doing alot of things right!)

We started with $11 - $13 drinks at the nearly empty  bar (from 5:30 - 6:10 on a recession summer Thursday - it got crowded around 8).  The enlightenment was too strong with tequila for me to drink, so I sent it back and tried the tickled pink which was cloyingly sweet and the Malibu rum was not a great idea.  Oh well.  Meanwhile the ASIAN MOJITO was well-balanced, with freshly muddled mint, a hint of ginger and delicious.  (NOTE:  THey are changing the drink menu in a few weeks - many of these cocktails have been on the menu for years and it's all gonna change.)

Next the 3 of us sat at a great table on the main level (there is also a cute bar upstairs and more tables.).  One of us is a vegan and there are very few vegetarian options (and NO vegan apps! The edamame ravioli uses chicken stock)  He had vegetable fried rice (or could have had noodle dishes or the house salad.)  If you are a vegan - this is not a great place for you - unless you just want some drinks.

Everything is served family style with sharing plate s- which for us is great as we all like to share (execpt my vegan friend who, natch, would not eat the fish or duck).  Chicken Dumplings were a step up from the frozen gyoza we get at our favorite sushi joints.  Tasty for sure - but not worth $9.  A scallion pancake topped with shredded shortrib meat was enjoyed by DH but way too salty for my tastes.  A miss at $12.

Entrees were much better.  The miso black cod, that was so famous, lived up to most of the hype.  Perfectly cooked.  I subbed a DELICIOUS eggplant in lieu of the wasabi mashed potatoes.  That eggplant was GREAT - reminiscent of Kung Pao - it was studded with Pine Nuts.  YUM!

DH ordered the thinly sliced duck breast - a bit too well done for me - but I like my duck with a bit more QUACK left in it.  The accompanying Corn Spoon Bread was AWESOME.

Desserts were by far worth the extra calories.  3 people shared the chocolate Bento box ($14 with chocolatey-good 6 selections - easily feeds 3 by itself).  We also got the hot, fried, five-spice & sugar donuts.  Now this is how I wished the churros at Xochitl could be!  WOW!  Five slightly greasy, hot donuts with 3 delectable dipping sauces (well - the cream cheese was too thick to really be called a sauce) including a rich ganache.

A cup of green tea and a Millenum Cocktail (rimmed with Tang - what is with Starr and his obsession with Tang in cocktails???) capped off a lovely early summer dinner.

Great for special occaisions - and the tab was $180 or so including tip which really isn't bad.  Expensive but not obscene (we spent more on dinner for 2 at Morimoto!!).

I will be back - but maybe just for drinks and dessert!  (HA, HA!)
\
Oh - and I must mention our bartender Adele (She's there Thursdays thru Sundays) and our 5 year veteran server Meg who was charming and spot-on with our orders.

Oh - and if you want to (we didn't) they will valet park your car for $18.00).

So close to 5 stars - but not quite.
First time and it lived up to its reputation.   The inside is beautifully done and the Buddha watches over everyone.   

Our service was impeccable!  Our server has been working there for  16 years and he was spot on with everything including cleaning the table between servings.   

We had both the  edamame and the general Tso dumplings both completely different.   The edamame skin was softer, thinner and is a light sauce.  The general tso's had a thicker skin with some soup inside they were more to my liking.  

The crispy calamari salad was hands down one of the best salads I have ever had.   The calamari was lightly fried and cooked perfectly.    The dressing was light and so refreshing.   

The duck was magnificent - crispy flavorful skin tasty meat cooked to perfection.   I can't say enough how good the duck was.   

The crab fried rice was a nice addition to the meal.  

The donuts were fabulous however the creme Brûlée was not to my liking which was unfortunate as  it is my favor dessert.     The Buddha temple was given to the table by the server which added to the whole
experience.
A popular restaurant has its time.  Everyone is trying to book a table there ... the chef is one of the hot chefs on the local scene ....the décor is spectacular .... the scene is trendy ... heck even the restaurant critics love it.  Eventually though the time passes and the critics and scene move to the next generation of chefs and eateries.  But then there's Buddakan.  Okay it's been around forever, critics no longer include it on their best restaurant lists because they have found other chefs or places to champion ... but the people still love it and rightly so.  After a couple of decades, Buddakan is still really good and really popular. Indeed it has been so popular that there are branches in Manhattan and Atlantic City.  But the original is in Old City, Philly.

You almost can't go wrong with any food you order.  Even during Restaurant Week, they take it seriously and don't cut down on portions or interesting choices.  I recently enjoyed a delicious Bento offering of a Hoisin pork belly bao bun, Thai chicken salad, and a wasabi tuna tataki.  The tuna was perfectly prepared tataki style, the bao bun was flavorful, but the highlight was a kick-ass Thai chicken salad.  And a tasty cotton cheesecake with raspberries and candied ginger completed the meal.  Service was totally professional and attentive. After all these years, Budakan still has it!
Buddakan for my Birthday! Yaaaaas! I've been curious about this restaurant for quite sometime. Upon learning about the Philly location (as opposed to first learning about the one in NYC) it was an easy choice while celebrating in town. 

We called and made reservations and requested to not dine at the community table. Unfortunately, we underestimated the time we needed between seeing the Sixers and getting to dinner, so we called and asked to push back our reservation. Upon arrival, we were seated near the bar area, but in the corner. I wasn't really, pleased with the area where we were seated, so it may be noteworthy to request a specific area upon arrival.

We had two different servers, a man and a woman who later took over. It wasn't communicated as to why this change occurred, but in any event, they were both good. The atmosphere here is relaxed, friendly and diverse. The space is trendy. Buddakan appears to attract a mixture of people of all ages and backgrounds. The one commonality is that the evening crowd are all very trendy and a vast majority of the patrons we noticed were couples, so this is a definite date night spot. 

We sampled a bevy of libations. My husband ordered sake, which was served in a small carafe. He generally prefers his sake hot and expected this sake to be warmed, but it was served chilled. That, he found disappointing. He also ordered Joy and felt it was named appropriately. My first drink was the Zegria. It is topped with a beautiful flower. While being absolutely picture worthy, it fell completely flat. The Zengria is Buddakan's take on a sangria and it was nothing at all like a typical sangria! Instead, it was more like a thick punch with a syrupy canned fruit juice taste. An authentic fruit infusion would have been key here! While the concept is spot on, the drink falls short in reality. However, my next drink, Shangrila, was appropriately named. That will be my beverage of choice upon return. 

Our meals were phenomenal. We ordered the King crab tempura. This dish consists of large pieces of crab fried in a light batter. It was excellent. For my entree, I had the shrimp pad thai and the Mr. ordered the BBQ Pork. The pad thai was filled with flavor and had plenty of shrimp. The portion for this dish was nice serving. We were both full after leaving. We skipped dessert, thus opting out of the celebratory sparkler. In conclusion, this is the perfect date night spot. Be prepared to spend and have a good time.
Just a note: I never tried the food here so this review is for the bar, staff, and venue itself.

The good: A very upscale and stylish joint. I can imagine if I was rich, I would take a date or two here. 

The bad: The attractive bartender in glasses that was working on Sunday night. She was very sweet, friendly and attentive. So why is this a "bad" thing? 

Well, my uncle and dad were pretty buzzed so they kept talking to her. And then, they would try to draw attention to me, hoping that she would talk to me more. They were doing this because they were teasing me about how "in love" I was with La Novia. They felt I no longer had it in me to even talk to other girls. I think the bartender started to figure out what my dad and uncle were up to, so she started to openly try to flirt with me, turning back to my uncle and dad to smile and laugh every once in a while. This was definitely embarrasing me. 

The ugly: The price of drinks. They charge $13 for a Patron shot. And if you get Patron on the rocks, it costs $14. Should I be more upset that a shot is $13 or that three ice cubes are worth $1 at this establishment.

Normally, at these rates, I would give the place a one star rating. But the bartender was extremely nice and put up with my prankster dad and uncle. So I'll award an extra star for that.

Good times. 

Even if they were expensive.
Last night was my third time dining here, and probably my favorite.  It happens to be Buddakan's tenth anniversary and in conjunction with that, proceeds from each check are being donated to Project H.O.M.E. all week.  Reason enough to get out for the night!

My friend and I started with the wasabi tuna pizza, which was all right but probably not something either of us would order on a return trip... and that's okay, because what I was really after was a good old piece of meat.  Literally.  The char grilled aged beef was phenomenal.  The plate was huge and came with a watercress salad with a big side of szechuan fries on top.  The beef itself was tender on the inside but slightly crispy around the edges and seasoned perfectly.  I tend to stick to seafood when I'm out but I had tried this dish on another occasion and remembered how fantastic it was.  A side of wasabi mash was the second best decision made while ordering.  To die.  

This was one of those meals that I simply could not stop eating, it was that good.  My iron count should be rocking for at least a month.  

A shared creme brulee was the perfect finish to an amazing dinner.
Despite the high reputation of its past, I would say that Buddkan seems to be somewhat degenerating as "one of Philly's finest", given my past experience here during restaurant week. 

The decor and ambiance is still fabulous - trendy and sleek. But the food portions are legitimately minuscule and just mediocre in taste. Honestly, their fried rice, house salad, ribs, etc were the exact same things you could get better almost anywhere else but served in fancy tiny bowls at duodecuple the price. Service was cordial and efficient, but they came out with a wrong order of dumplings (gave us an extra edamame instead of chicken). All in all, I just came out feeling like, where did my money go?! 

I've heard that it used to be much better, so I'm not sure what changed, but I wouldn't plan on returning anytime soon.
This place clearly gets by on its reputation as a Starr restaurant, but I found it difficult to rate any lower than 4 stars...

The service is solid, the atmosphere is perfect for nearly any type of date, and the food is spot on.  Yes, it is a bit pricy, but it is in olde city.  While its reputation might get you in the door, Buddakan does manage to keep you there...
Another Starr creation, Buddakan churns out largely unimpressive, overpriced Asian cuisine.

Their menu is touted as fusion but, really, it's just expensive Chinese or Thai fare. One night we celebrated a birthday dinner here, sharing a crazy amount of plates. Don't get me wrong, their food is good, portions perfect for family style dining, but I'm not convinced Buddakan is worth the sting to your wallet. Yes, it's conveniently in Old City - a trendy spot to go before hitting bars and lounges (try their tasty drinks and novel desserts) - but for a better value (and better food), go to Chinatown instead.
Ugh... I have been dreading leaving this review since I exited Buddakan last night. To put it simply, the food was phenomenal as always but the service left A LOT to be desired. This was not my family's first visit, but it may be our last. We've been to the Atlantic City location and were so upset to learn it closed for good, so we hoped that we could increase our visits to the Philly location to make up for the loss but sadly it seems that it's not a worthy replacement. If you want to know more, read on!

For my dad's 56th birthday, my mom and I decided we would surprise him with a reservation at Buddakan! In the pre-pandemic days, it was a tradition for our family to be down the shore in Ocean City, New Jersey for my dad's birthday so we would make a trip to Atlantic City for a birthday dinner at Buddakan. Due to covid related life changes, our family was not spending this summer down the shore so I decided to call the Philly Buddakan to make a reservation. 

Note that you cannot make a reservation online for parties over the size of 6, so give them a call instead! So I made the call about a week in advance and was able to get a table for 8 people on Wednesday night without a problem. However, when we arrived for our 7:15 reservation the problems began.

Our party was five minutes early, so we checked in and waiting by the entrance area. After a few minutes a person that we thought was a hostess (later we learned they were not) brought us upstairs to a table for six. The eight of us were confused by this and we were told to "wait one minute" while the person who had escorted us looked down at a nearby staff member's iPad. After awkwardly standing around for a bit too long, she told us that she was not a hostess and apologized that she had our reservation name confused for another party. That's fine, we all make mistakes! Strange experience, but definitely not a huge issue. She then escorted us back downstairs to the entrance area to have us wait a bit longer. Then we were brought to the long table directly under the large buddha, which is very difficult to access with stairs leading down and two separate entrances for each side of the table. 

If you have any special needs regarding accessibility, I would address this with the staff when you make your reservation to ensure you are not seated in this area. There are steps to get down and the chairs are up very high like a bar seat.  It is a bit cramped and uncomfortable and definitely not ADA compliant.

Now we're all seated at our correct "table" which had another group seated at the other end of it, so it didn't exactly feel like our own space. We are given menus and then promptly ignored for ~15 minutes. A server comes by to give water to the other party at one end of this very long table, but we are not even acknowledged. Not a great feeling after being run around the entire restaurant in search of your seating.

A member of our party decided to go up to the hostess stand to let them know we had not yet been greeted by anyone. This probably led to us not being the most favorite guests of the evening, but this was a very hot July night and we were thirsty! Finally, our server comes and we ask for water and promptly place our entire meal order because we had plenty of time to peruse the menu. Time that we probably didn't need since our menu favorites are memorized. A few of us ordered soft drinks and we did ask for a round of water for the table. The soft drinks came promptly with a promise that water would follow. Water did not follow. We had to flag down another employee with a pitcher in hand to fill our water cups that had sat empty on the table for what felt like eternity.

As expected, the kitchen did not miss a beat. We were extremely dissapointed by our service but knew that at the very least we would be getting a good meal. We had our starters on the table before everyone had gotten water - yes I am still talking about the water. The employee we flagged down only had enough to fill a few cups and had to come back.

Now for the fun part, I will share our menu item favorites! We started with the Asian Cesar Salad in the largest size. This is a family favorite that we have tried recreating at home. The dressing is perfection and the cashews are well spiced. We also got (and loved) the Calamari Salad, Shrimp Lo Mein, Pad Thai, Kobe Beef Fried Rice, Dim Sum Sampler, and General Tsao Soup Dumplings to start. For our "mains" we had the large order of the Aged Beef and the BBQ Pork. They were both so good that we order a second helping of each. The pork is insanely delicious, flavorful and tender. The Aged beef is the same! To end our meal, we had the Bento Box of Donuts and the Sorbet.

Incase this review didn't scare you enough to stop you from deciding to pay Buddakan a visit, I'd try takeout, or maybe their outdoor dining to see if you have a better experience than ours.
Restaurant week review. All around delicious! Visited for restaurant week and was delightfully impressed. Typical noise level for most center city restaurants. 

Restaurant week menu was a good sampling of different food choices for the standard $35 restaurant week steal. The chicken and ginger dumplings and short rib pancake appetizers were delicious, as well as the calimari salad  (we all shared around).

Entrees were BBQ pork tenderloin for myself, cashew chicken, Chilean sea bass, short rib with noodles and a walnut jumbo shrimp option... All of which were delicious. The sea bass could have been seasoned more IMO. The shrimp entree was 5 shrimp, should have been listed as an appetizer. 

Desserts options were chocolate mouse with miso caramel which was very tart and disappointing, dim sum donuts with dipping sauce and boba tea sorbet. 

Great atmosphere, unfortunate seating for our party of 7 in front of the open kitchen next to the plate warmers made half of our party very uncomfortable. 

Used Spothero to find $9 garage parking...Score! 

Would return during restaurant week deal... I'm not a fan of their normal serving style where dishes are brought out as they are completed in the kitchen for the party to share. For 2 people it isn't bad to share and taste each others choices but for larger parties there isn't enough food to share around and still get to eat what you wanted and ordered.
Another one of my favorites in Philadelphia. Honestly what I love about the place is so simple to describe: they are so, so accommodating for vegetarians. Have no fear if you are a vegetarian and are worried about the lack of options. When I dined here with my vegetarian friend and he let the waiter know that we were vegetarians, the waiter said not to worry and that he'd bring us some fabulous vegetarian entrees.

We had the edamame dumplings/ravioli, a fried rice dish with coconut cream, and an amazing fried dragon tofu (which was hands down the best tofu dish I've ever tasted). 

I even had some leftovers for the next day and thought they tasted equally amazing, which is always the sign of a great dish.

Beautiful ambiance and amazing "secret" vegetarian options-- what more could you want? Definitely try it out!
Hot dayum. Came to Buddakan on a Saturday night with 5 girlfriends for my bachelorette party weekend. This place is suuuuuuuper trendy, upscale, really nice. There's a literal waterfall when you walk in and tons of different seating options from long tables to booths to a table that looks like it's in the floor.

We each had a cocktail and they even made one of my friends a fancy mock tail. All the drinks were inventive and delicious. But more than that - the food is absolutely delicious like next level. I'd say the portions aren't huge but definitely meant for sharing. For the 6 of us, we ordered 3 appetizers and 7 dinners. And it was MORE than enough food - probably should have ordered 5 dinners and that would have been enough. Everything from noodles to fish to pork chop to fried rice - we had it all!

The edamame dumpling appetizer is something from my dreams. I could have eaten 6 platters of them and am still thinking about it even months later. Do yourself a favor order them, you won't regret it.

I was SHOCKED by how much we didn't spend! I honestly thought it was going to be hundreds of dollars more than it was. I think for everything we got with tax and tip it was under $100 for each person. I'll definitely be back and can't wait to try the one in NYC!
Steven Star deserves 7 stars for this joint. I've honestly never been so impressed with vibe, food, service, and experience as I was with Buddakan. While they have been around for many years this was my first experience. We snagged a reservation for 7:45 on a Saturday and we're seated after a small wait, but had a great time at the bar. 

Once we say down, we decided to split all the food. Table of 6 and was told this was a no brainer. Normally not a fan of sharing, but it's the way to go here. 

What we snagged:
-Asian Caesar Salad (WOW. Flavor was amazing)
-Crab Fried Rice 
-General Tso Dumplings (DOPE) 
-Tuna Pizza (Best tuna pizza I've had...ever)
-Wok Cashew Chicken 
-Tea Smoked Spare Ribs (Fall off the bone good)
-Edamame Dumplings 
-Char Grilled Aged Beef (Best dish of the night)
-Shrimp Bao Buns (2nd best dish...close to number 1) 
-Wasabi Mashed 

Honestly, I wish I went here years before. Service was quick, and the experience was over the top. Very pleased with Steven and I'm thankful for his Star effort here. LOL
My favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.

I just love to eat here. The food is great - love the pork and the lamb, and especially the wasabi mashed potatoes. The drinks are not so great, but I'm really here for the food. 

MUST TRY: the truffled edamame ravioli. This will blow your mind.

I'd also really like to take the giant Buddha home. 

In any case, a little pricey so not your everyday resto, but great for a night out or a date.
Buddakan has been the "Gold Standard" of fine dining in the Old City area for years.  You know what is going to happen when you enter the fine establishment of Buddakan.  This restaurant presents Asian fusion food at an above average level.  The atmosphere has a positive energy and the design is modern and stylish.  

This visit was for a friend's birthday celebration and we decided to come hungry and enjoy all of the food we ordered.  We began with the Edamame and lobster egg rolls.  Then we ordered the crab fried rice, lamb chops and pork tenderloin.  The food came out quickly and the portions are made for sharing and we took advantage of that.  The service and attention was stellar throughout the meal.  We had a great server and the manager also stopped by our table to ensure all was running smoothly. 

I recommend that you make reservations because they do seem to have a good flow of steady customers.

What would have made it 5-stars is that when I made the reservation, I informed them it was a birthday celebration, but nothing was done for this occasion.
Buddakan is one of my must go restaurant whenever my parents visit. Located in Old City Philadelphia, you can take a walk and enjoy the history of Philly and then walk to Buddakan to enjoy a awesome meal. You will see a huge budda statue sitting there as soon as you get in the restaurant which is super cool. 

I came here so often but since it was a while ago, I cant remember exactly what I ordered. Here is what I remember:
Crispy Calamari Salad - The calamari was seasoned well. Somehow the greens were alittle bitter so I had to combine every bite with calamari. 
Chilean Sea Bass- Fish was cooked to the perfection. The sauce was a little sweet and salty which I enjoyed. The fish was also super soft. 
Chocolate Bento Box- This was my favorite.It came with a box full of different sorts of chocolate desserts. I always share with people. Def recommend it if you are chocolate lover. 
Pad Thai- This taste different from pad thai from regular Thai restaurant. I like it but I don't think there is much special to talk about.

People come here for all kinds of occasions, friends gathering, date and family dinner because the ambiance here was just great. Price is a little expensive so I would suggest come for lunch specials.
Fabulous place for dinner with delicious and unique food. I dream of the edamame dumplings. Great drinks too.
I'm a big fan of Asian Fusion restaurants and this is one of the best, upscale, trendy, and good vibe place. The service is great - all the waiters I've ever had are accommodating and friendly. The ambience is great and the menu is big.

I highly recommend the crispy calamari salad - its one of my favorites. The sweet miso dressing is SO GOOD. 

On my visit yesterday, I got the chatuchak (bourbon, mango, spiced syrup, orange bitters). It was surprisingly sweeter than I thought - which I like and did not taste overwhelmingly alcoholic; but still got the job done. 
For food, I got the tuna pizza, miso black cod. The tuna pizza was alright - literally its a small personal sized pizza with tuna sashimi on top and some spicy mayo type of sauce. The cod was amazing - very similar consistency with Chilean sea bass. I also had the Kobe beef satay and King Crab Tempura. Both super good. I'd recommend the king crab tempura the most of the two.
Nothing like cocktails and lunch at Buddakan to close out a business trip to Philly. This restaurant has a glamorous ambiance, good cocktails, great food, and a giant Buddha--loves it! I wouldn't like to pay for a meal here, but I love having meetings strategically at lunch here... if you know what I'm saying.

The four of us ordered just about everything on the menu. My favorite dishes were the  lobster fried rice (generous chunks of lobstah!), five spice duck breast (flavorful!), and the charred filet of beef (tender!). My companions enjoyed the edamame ravioli and the peking duck buns (this is my go-to dish at Chinese restaurants but there was no crispy skin here). 

This is neither the best nor the cheapest Asian fusion, but who cares? Delicious food is delicious, and I'm an equal opportunity eater.

I love going on biz trips. Four-star hotels. Five-star restaurants. A few hours of (hard) work. A girl can get use to this. Long live traveling for work.
Let's just start by saying the food was delicious but waiting for the food was super slow... it was literally 30-40 mins wait for each course. 

Came here couple Saturday nights ago for a friends birthday. My friend had a prefix menu so we didn't even have to worry about what to order. The menu came with 4 appetizers, 6 entrees, and a plate of dessert. It was definitely more than enough food. I'm not sure if she picked the menu but if you ever do a prefix menu contact the restaurant for more info. It's such a great deal, especially for a large group! The downside of having a birthday here is.. you have to pay for the slice of cake that YOU ordered outside of Buddakan. Yes, you bought the cake and now you want to eat it at the restaurant so first you have to pay per slice per guest for the cake. Ugh, doesn't make sense to me.

Atmosphere, food, price, and service was great! It was just waiting for the food and having to pay to eat our cake was ridiculous.
I made a same-day reservation and met my fiancé at Buddakan for a romantic dinner at 5:30 after my work hours, determined to splurge a little to have a classy time (can't be frugal forever, and also: #YOLO). This was our first time at this particular "fine dining" establishment, and we saw why it is considered "upscale". They have very polished wait staff, who coat-checked my backpack and other stuff into their walk-in closet, even as a seemingly-endless series of well-dressed tall white people arrived soon after. I didn't see any black or Asian people coming in, and that was my first red flag.

The waif-like usher at first tried to seat us right in front of the hallway to the bathroom, which we found rather offensive. We asked for a different table. She spoke to the pleasantly-robotic Stepford Wives front staff, and they sat us at a perfect table next to the curtained window (with a little sunlight so I could see my food... lighting is usually an issue for me at "romantic" and "upscale" joints). On one side of us were a family of 4, which included a pair of adorable well-behaved little sisters that brought much-needed smiles to our faces during the remainder of our dining experience.

Our waitress, bless her freakin' heart, was very nice, attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and definitely earned her tip. Let me be clear: The debacle that followed was in no way any fault of hers.

We ordered a couple of drinks... the "Joy" magarita blend ($12) was delicious to my sweet-tooth sensibilities, and the ginger lemonade ($8) was also great.  We ordered the appetizer sampler, an anemic-looking platter of 4 pairs of  clearly non-authentic "dim sum", for a face-slapping $18. I took a pic and sent to a few friends, LOL!

From there on, the prices went up, and the Return On Investment went downhill.

Our BEAUTIFUL-LOOKING entrees were a steak dish, a fish dish, and chicken pad thai. The fish was just... fish, and the sliced steak, while having a great consistency, was pretty bland. What little (and I mean LITTLE) flavor there was, was in the sauce, which apparently never made it into the "meat" of the food. The pad thai was marginally better, but that's just a whole bunch of carbs.

About a third of the way through, we stopped pretending to enjoy the food, and just stopped eating, because we realized that this was among the most tasteless and massively overpriced Asian food we'd ever had, and not worth the caloric intake. We turned down the offer of dessert and asked for the check because, look, we ain't balling like that, yo.

The presentation was great, but MY GOD! I was paying baller prices for actual FOOD, not a pretty model of it! I've gotten much better-tasting, more flavorful Asian cuisine from a local $5 food cart during lunchtime!

Having made our healthy (albeit unrequited) contribution to the Philadelphia economy, we ended up taking most of the "food" home. The following morning I whipped up a quick sauce using diced tomatoes, corned beef, spinach, pepper and curry... slathered it over the sad leftovers, and we had a rockin' good breakfast.

This experience was yet another reminder that some people (OK let's be honest: mostly rich WHITE and EUROPEAN PEOPLE) just LOVE their beautiful-looking bland food, served in a place with great ambiance, and are willing to pay Top Dollar for that experience. More power to them, I'm not hatin'!

In summary: If you like great ambiance, great (overpriced) drinks, dining alongside rich white people, eating fairly bland food presented in a beautiful manner, and have a few hundred dollars to burn, yes, go to Buddakan. But if you demand GOOD, TASTY authentic Asian cuisine, you're better off going elsewhere because clearly BuddaKAN'T.
I'm old school Chinese and maybe thats my downfall when it comes down to it all. But when I am paying upwards of 100+ per person to a meal anything Chinese related my expectations are private room, personal waiter 1-3, with a total of 5 hours spent on eating, drinking, arguing, laughing, smoking, Karaoke, and vomiting. Sometimes not even in that order. 

But more importantly I expect a hell of a lot better food and not sit next to a bunch of people I don't know... But some may say... John this isn't China, this is USA where they don't do private rooms and things like that.... Fine but at least give me a semblance of reconnecting to the origin of the dish you're trying to pawn off on me! Duck... nothing like Peking or even Chinatown duck. Pork.... where the hell is the layers of happiness? Dim Sum... yeah if you're trying to get filled off 2 dishes. Go to Amada for a better option.

However, if you want to have a average meal while trying to impress a girl then go all out my friends. But if the girl likes this place as the "go-to-spot" and wants to go back there... You're on your own buddy.
I got invited here during restaurant week. I have heard so many things about this place, I figured restaurant week was a good time to finally try.

If I had to guess, I would have never pinpointed where I thought this place was. I must have passed it a million times and have never seen it. I was relieved that it was in Old City, which to me meant that parking wouldn't be so bad. I found parking relatively easily.

The ambiance was very dusky. I would have appreciated a little more light. We were a party of 5 seated at a booth. We were waited on by Luke, and he was super patient with the thousands of questions we had.

I ordered a "Joy" cocktail. To me, this was far from strong, I swallowed it in about 2 gulps. I had Cesar salad with cashews, sea bass, and a chocolate tart.

My sea bass was exceptional. I wasn't a fan of the cashews in my salad, and the Chocolate tart was SUPER rich.  I would return to explore the menu
Really excited to try this place out for restaurant week; however, after was really disappointed.

Came for lunch (restaurant week) and honestly the portions were baby like. After lunch, our group of 3 (2 other girls) were still hungry and we had to go a nearby sandwich shop to fill our hunger. 

The food taste is flavorful and cooked right, but not worth the price in my opinion. If you want asian food just go to Chinatown for 1/10 of the price and be full.

The dessert was great! Dim Sum Doughnuts were amazing. Also really enjoyed Mocha Caramel Bombe.

Pros:
The ambiance of this place is awesome with a modern and clean environment.
The host and waiters were all happy and helpful.
Street parking not too hard to find
Dessert!

Cons:
Portions
Price

Maybe I just eat a lot, but would not recommend based off of food and price. There was nothing on the menu that amazed me besides the dim sum doughnuts.
There comes a time in the life of a true foodie where one must stop and sincerely pay homage to a truly great meal. The below meal ranks in the top 3 ever for Leslie and me:
Gekkelkan sake
Buddakan style sashimi 
Tuna puzza
Edamame dumplings
Chilean Sea Bass
Dry Aged Beef
Chad fried rice
Milk chocolate kulfi
Joe, our server was give free reign to bring us his favorites, and he jumped at the challenge. 

Simply amazing. I need to run a marathon to burn off all the calories. The marathon is Sunday.
Two words are all you need to know about this place...  Chocolate Pagoda!  It's the best 11" of pure dark, milk, and semi-sweet chocolate you'll ever put in your mouth!  Not only is it a masterpiece of culinary skill, it's also a mini objet d'art.  In all honesty, though, don't feel guilty eating it!  You're in a Buddha inspired restaurant, and all things are impermanent and transient, n'est-ce pas?  So it is only natural that this chocolate tower be dismantled, eaten, and enjoyed...  Now as for sharing, that's totally up to you, but I'd relish it on your own!

The food here is also really good and is served family style as the dish is prepared.  Everyone at your table can sample whatever they want - HANDS OFF MY PAGODA OR IT'S GOING DOWN!!  The crab stir fry is good, the chicken and ponzu buns is amazing, and the sushi is great for an appetizer!

The drinks are both inventive and unique.  I really enjoy the White Zengria - it's fruit, white wine, and sake.  Really tasty!  

Make reservations early, go often, and even try it out for lunch!  You'll have a great time, trust me!
We ordered take out from our market research facility since our facilitator is a local and said he'd really enjoyed it for dinner.

I chose 3 kinds of dumplings: General Tso's, Chicken & Ginger, and Sichuan Pork.  I also got the Chinese eggplant, house salad, and my colleague got the shrimp & mushroom stir fry when they didn't have the Black Cod.  The dumplings had cooled significantly by the time we got to them, but they were still good.  The General Tso's were juicy from the soupiness, while the others were classically good.  The salad featured quite fresh ingredients, but was a tad tricky to eat with chopsticks on account of the entire leaves of lettuce making up the base.  I really enjoyed it, but felt awkward shoving a whole leaf in my mouth for a work lunch!  The stir fry was ok, but it got a little watery in the container and didn't have as much flavor as the dumplings.  The eggplant was just right in terms of texture and the sauce was good, though not as spicy as I would've liked.
We came here at the recommendation of a friend. Early on a Sunday evening, it wasn't crowded. 

Four of us shared a bunch of different things. Food comes out as it's ready, so this worked well. 

We tried: Tuna Pizza, Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls, Spicy Rock Shrimp Bao Buns, General Tso Soup Dumplings, Lobster Egg Rolls, Wasabi Tuna Tataki, Lobster Fried Rice, and Grilled Lamb Chops. 

My personal favorites were the Wasabi Tuna Tataki, General Tso Soup Dumplings, and the Spicy Rock Shrimp Bao Buns. These were all phenomenal. The Lamb Chops were really good as well. 

The only things I wasn't a big fan of were the Lobster Egg Rolls and Lobster Fried Rice. Neither were bad, they just lacked flavor in my opinion. 

Most of the plates are pretty small so this was a good amount of food for four people. 

For dessert we got the donuts which were amazing. They were served with a ginger whipped cream and blood orange sauce that I loved. 

We didn't have trouble finding street parking (time and day helped I'm sure). 

This is a good place to come for some high end Asian food in Philly.
I have been there couple occasions, and their inconsistency is what I don't like . Plus the Asian fusion food , well-prepared, but your paying for the aviance, look of it all..when clearly I don't need all that.Just clean place, good food, reasonable prices, the prices so similar to NY, drinks -ridiculous..but again on another time I went with bigger group, it was nice..but the food was overcooked, we waited too long for appetizers, main courses came out before the appetizers-WTF?? 

I can go up couple blocks, to Chinatown get some same items for 1/3 price they were charging ..but its OK..
Ambience: very chic. It's also very loud. Conversations can be tough. 

Service: attentive and very knowledgeable 

Food: creative, fantastic, and very very good. The flavors make these dishes extraordinary. 

The desserts were also unique and surprising in a great way. 

Highly recommend a visit. 

The twists on Asian dishes makes this a destination.
Wow, this WAS the place to see and be seen back in the late 90's-early 2000's, and it looks like not much has changed.

Had only been here a couple of times, once for a friends birthday, and another on random outing where we just hung at the bar. The item to have was the edamame ravioli, but I don't see this on the menu anymore. I suppose the edamame dumplings are now the regular, but I don't remember there being any truffle sauce. Perhaps they upgraded and these are even better than what I recall? According to reviews, they're still the best thing on the menu, so I guess that's my answer. 

Pretty sure this is the place that introduced wasabi mashed potatoes into my life; it was wild to see these under regular kitchen lighting since they have that obvious green tint to them (haven't found those out here yet). Always enjoyed their Wok Cashew Chicken with plum sauce along with a side of sticky rice, and never left without the dip-sum donuts, tumbling out of a take-out container with three dipping sauces (I only went for the chocolate). 

I guess Buddakan/Starr restaurants were my first foray into 'modern' dining (or as others will say, overpriced food served family-style in a trendy setting). In a way, they set me up for L.A. places like the now-defunct Asia de Cuba and Geisha House, to current Katsuya and Nobu, and New York (former?) hotspots such as Tao, Ruby Foo (now closed) to Blue Fin and Dos Caminos (among other BRGuest establishments). 

Great for groups, but best to make a reservation-
Great first time experience, came with a friend. Edamame Ravioli - great creamy filling, but only 3 pieces to share. Mongolian Barbecue Beef Short Rib - so tender, meat literally fell off the bone as we touched it, great sauce too. Korean Beef Fried Rice - strong seasonings, packed with flavor. Crying Chocolate - so rich, nice treat to top off a great meal.
After reading the good reviews and actually getting a recommendation from someone who lives in manhattan and is pretty spot on with food recs (he's actually related to me, same DNA and all, but I think I will have to disown if after this...or at least cane him..but ill save that for another review).  So I was pretty pumped to come here and didnt know much about the place.

When we arrived, the place had a trendy decor, a big buddah (similar atmosphere to Tao or Nobu 57 in nyc) and service was fast, friendly attentive.  

The food, different story...I would call it PF Changs-esque, but why insult a perfectly good company.  It wasn't even "not worth the money", it was just awful.

Redeeming dishes - Edemame ravioli.  Since I am an edemame fan I found this to be really interesting and tasty.  Although, I dunno, just cuz it was interesting im not sure if i would say it's better than old fashioned ravioli prepared perfectly at an italian restaurant.  Also, the Wasabi Mashed Potatoes were fantastic!  Mashed potatoes with a kick...great idea...

As for the rest (and I'm no Top Chef judge, I guess as a disclaimer I will say that I love fast food)

Shrimp Dumplings - I am a big shumai fan so i thought this might be better than regular shumai at sushi joints...its a big hunk of shrimp in a dumpling which is fine..until you get to the aftertaste...It literally tastes like someone poured cigarette ashes from an ash tray in there...i cut one open to see if there was a disgruntled kitchen worker trying to get even, because i was convinced there were ashes in there..

Wok Chicken & Cashews - Once again, maybe was expecting an interesting high end restaurant take on the dish - Nope.  Just normal chinese takeout food.  Chicken had that gross taste that makes you wonder if you are eating chopped up cats (I didn't ask)

Filet - The sliced filet was very tough and more fatty than i would expect..it also didnt have much flavor..Dipped in the sauce it was fine, not great, but fine.  

Although people are raving about the desserts, we couldnt eat anymore after what we had, so we passed.

Since I love Nobu, maybe in my mind the market for asian fusion is cornered (especially since Buddakan was only slightly less $), but I can still appreciate good food, even if its not the best.  The food here was just bad...I would save your money and check out what else philly has.
I went to Buddakan for this year's restaurant week and God it was an out of body experience.

The interior is really chic - the water wall was super distracting (in a good way, because I'm a child and kept wanting to look at it and we just happened to get seated right next to it) and you gotta love the giant golden Buddha in the center.  The music is like a really interesting club beat...?  The restaurant is pretty dark as you can see from my picture, but I like a good mood lighting so it didn't bother me too much? 

Servers were really lovely and attentive, nothing to complain about there for sure.

I ate the pork tenderloin with the scallion pancakes and the mousse for my course options.  The pork meat was so soft and flavorful, I think I felt a tear actually come out of my eye.  The pancakes also were just crispy and exceeded my expectations.  I've had a few scallion pancakes in my time, but these were the best I've had so far.  I had the Buddakan bubble tea to drink, and it was a nice creamy alcoholic bubble tea basically (lot of milky flavor) with boba that was actually soft (a very important detail for me).  A solid drink, but nothing particularly special - I wish I had tried one of their other cocktails.  Portions were also more generous than I thought they might be!  For $35 I walked out of there feeling like I had gotten my money's worth for sure.

Overall though I can say, it's always been really hard for me to pick my top fave restaurants in Philly, and I'm so glad I went to Buddakan because it launched itself right up there in one of the top three spots.
Amazing food! A bit pricey, but you get what you pay for. Everything was so delicious! Presentation was nice as well. Perfect place for a romantic date night. Low lighting, good drinks and fantastic food! Enjoy..
I love the ambience and the Decor of buddahkon. The dimmed lighting helps to create a more intimate dining experience. Buddahkon, no suprise is decorated  like a zen trendy urban oasis. I am a big fans of the oversize gold Buddah in the center of the resturant. 

The food was awesome, I had the Sweet and Crispy Jumbo Shrimp   $26
citrus-radish salad, candied walnuts . In additon, I had Crispy Calamari Salad   $14/$17 sweet miso dressing.  I know this place is a classy resturant, however, I was craving a Kirin beer in a bottle. They kept it classy and gave me my beer in a glass.
This place was slightly underwhelming for me.  Although none of the food was outright bad, I would not return considering the price tag.  The best dishes of the night were the toro egg roll (which I ordered on top of the tasting menu). 

The pan seared sea bass was cooked nicely (tender, moist), but there wasn't much flavor (not much flavor in sauce/ sides for the fish to absorb). Everything else was just mediocre. I think Buddakan is overrated to be honest, and there are better places to spend $80-$100 on a meal.
Ive been to the nyc location and i am definitely disappointed with the PA location. I went there around 12 noon 2/6.

We ordered: 
edamame dumplings: fire.... best item on the menu imo and highly recommended.

tuna tartare spring rolls: 3pcs 16$ - was pretty good. decent value should be atleast 4 pcs for that price

sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp: 4 pcs - 24$ not worth it. Tasted very salty and the shrimp was pretty small. You guys def couldve done atleast 6 pcs.

wok cashew chicken: 19$ - good portion but again too salty.

Overall: def recommend to try atleast once but i def would go to nyc location over this one if you are closer to nyc. 

3 star because the waitress was thoughtful and attentive. The seat covers with peoples faces on it felt wierd and didnt look like it went with the decor of buddakan.
Great Asian inspired cuisine.  If you don't like asain food, you'll still like this place.  One item you must try is the Edamame dumplings with truffle oil - one of the best dishes I have ever tasted.  The doughnuts are simple, but delicious.
Buddakan, dear.... you're like a large old man driving a bright red Miata.  Your food is pretty great.  Why do you have to put such a tiny portion on the plate?  Why make your patrons pay an exorbitant fee when we're not getting the bang for our buck?  Is it because we all have to share lunchroom-style long tables?  You advertise as if you are the greatest possible restaurant on the planet and that only the Very Special people can partake... that we should feel lucky when within your doors because we are now part of some secret society.  Well, I have the membership card right here: for the Secret Society of Gosh I Had Some Really Tiny Portions at the Big Asian Fusion Pow-Wow.  

I was just so uncomfortable, and even though my food was delicious, I  left wanting to go get a slice of Lorenzo's pizza.  That was all I could afford after plunking down $50 for my so-called dinner.   

*sniff*
So far, I've been to the Continental, El vez, alma de Cuba and morimoto in NYC, so naturally i had high hopes for my first dining experience at another Starr restaurant... Buddakan. 

I've got mixed feelings about Buddakan. Overall I'm sorry to say I was not impressed. I really wanted to be. I've had such amazing experienced at other Starr spots that i was sure this was going to be another dining experience to remember. 

I think my favorite aspect of the meal was the surroundings. The decor was great mix of swanky while still paying homage to its Asian influences. It gave off a very warm feeling as small tea candles flickered throughout the giant space. The towering buddah is the focal point of the room. For me it really invoked the desire of wanting to climb up onto the giant budda and A) have my picture taken and B) rub his belly. 

The libations were creative and mouthwatering, especially the Bonsai martini. If you love cilantro like I do, this is a must have beverage. 

However the food wasn't that special. It wasn't any different than PF Changs or brookline's Golden Temple. Upscale Asian food that's incredibly overpriced. I sampled three different entrees and I did not detect any layering of flavors nor was i surprised/ blown away by the food I ate, and that's what I've come to expect from Starr restaurants. So I was a little let down. 

Our server... hmmm... I've run into this experience at some upscale spots. Where the server comes off as a little condescending. Its their salesman like attitude that really comes off a pressuring of purchasing more food than you can possibly eat. I don't like that... 

So, maybe i just hit it on the wrong night or maybe I've hit the nail on the head. Other people seem to rave about this place. I think in the future if i were to go back it would be for some drinks and apps. I think I'd rather hit up a different Starr location for "an entire meal of food."
Hyped as one of the best restaurants in Philly, I walked into buddakan excited to try this famous asian fusion restaurant located in the heart of old city. I left with very mixed feelings. 

Positives first! The decor is absolutely sublime - I'd even go as far as saying it's one of the prettiest restaurants I've ever walked into. The buddha is gorgeous, the dining room is modern and minimalist. Service was exactly what you'd expect for such an establishment: friendly, polite and efficient. 

The food, however, was ....nothing special. It was "good", sure, but with Buddakan's reputation and accompanying $$$ price tags, I expected much, much more. 

After seeing the hype around the seabass I went ahead and ordered it - the fish was indeed cooked perfectly, but the sauce was really bland and the mushrooms just didn't have enough kick to them. Simply put, I found the dish very boring.  The fish was slightly under seasoned and had to be aggressively dunked in the sauce and piled with mushrooms in order to get a hint of the intended flavor profile.

My girlfriend got the short rib chow fun - apart from the short rib, which was delicious and savory, this dish was incredibly underwhelming. A little over seasoned, the noodles left that biting salty aftertaste on your pallet. It was honestly very akin to something that I would get at a street stall in Shanghai, minus the short rib.

The one saving grace of the meal was the Sashimi which we ordered as a starter - delicious! Beautifully balanced flavors, presented in an interesting manner and exactly the level of dish I'd expect from a restaurant bearing this reputation. 

We got the cocktails and they were kind of gross to be honest. The "cin cin", which appears to be a sort of "asian fusion" old fashioned, was too sweet with flavors that simply didn't mesh well with the bourbon. 

Conclusion: While buddakan may superficially tick all the boxes of a top restaurant with great ambiance, decor and service, pay attention to what's getting pushed out on the plate and you'll see that you're getting food that is adequate and nothing more.
This is another Asian-fusion restaurant in Phili that offers posh dining and an interesting atmosphere. Once you enter the venue, you'll immediately notice a deep red blacklit stage with a huge, golden Buddha statue in the center of the dining area. The waitstaff was very informative of the menu items and quick to service. I ordered the sea bass with boychoy which was terrific and perfectly cooked. For dessert, I had a banana tower which consisted of a cookie tower filled with banana pudding and whipped cream on top. Delice!
I came here for Restaurant Week and i was incredibly excited because the food is normally on the pricier side. The ambiance and the interior have that upscale, hip-feel. I definitely got some Vegas vibes in there. It was a big over the top with the giant buddha and the high ceilings...but was digging it! I found that the servers were very attentive. 

We ordered some cocktails and they were amazing and absolutely beautiful to look at. Get crunk with them cocktails! I recommend it! The food, by all means, was not bad in the slightest. The plating and the presentation were beautiful. I just found myself a bit underwhelmed. All of the food was just...alright. The flavors were predictable and did not wow me. With the dishes being fusion, I wanted something that tasted different, exciting, creative, and new. 

However, there was one dish that I absolutely loved: DIp Sum Doughnuts. The doughnuts look like beignets and are served with seasonal fruit jam, chocolate sauce, and ginger cream cheese. The seasonal fruit jam and the ginger cream cheese knocked my socks out. I could eat a gallon of that stuff. I loved the creativity, and the fun take they had on it. I wish there was more of this element in the dishes that I had.
Back again, this time with family and much more limited than my first all-star experience at Buddakan. My family and I enjoyed a wonderful New Years Day dinner here and had a great time. My dad was looking to impress his girlfriend with a little more flashy dining choice and because we had been to Morimoto the last time he was in town, felt it was my duty to help him minimize the hurt on his wallet while still showing the lady a good time. 

The space is exactly as I remembered it, very chic decor with lighting that eludes quite the sensual atmosphere of high class dining. I sat here amazed this time at the thought of how harsh the restaurant must look with it's sharp lines when all of the lights are on in the restaurant, it really is a wonder what the right lighting can do. We sat right between the big Buddha and the waterfall wall, so we had the best of all worlds as well as a very attentive waitress who took exceptional care of us. 

My brother and I started our meal with the delicious kobe beef skewers with tempura. The tempura was nothing to write home about, but the beef was phenomenal. I urged my father's girlfriend to try the edamame ravioli, I told her that she would thank me later for that...which of course she did. And my father started us with an order of the cold thai noodles, a refreshing blend of noodles, and the sweet and spicy of tropical papaya and jalapeño. Dinners around the table were all seafood choices of which I demanded a taste of all. My father's Chilean sea bass was nicely cooked, his girlfriend's sesame tuna was alright considering that she did not order it rare, my brother's scallops were nice sitting atop a spicy sauce with tofu, and my miso black cod was perfectly cooked with a sweet unagi sauce. 

Dessert here was the real forte though, there were orders of homemade cherry sorbets, an order of crying chocolate with a spectacular vietnamese coffee ice cream. My dad prides himself on his ability to turn out this sweet creamy coffee at home, but if he could turn it into an ice cream like this, he'd forever be my culinary idol. My order of a milk chocolate and caramel tart practically brought tears to my eyes.  A silky mousse over gooey caramel with a cookie tart crust and carmelized bananas? Everything I love on one beautifully plated dish.

One of the major kudos I give to this Starr location is the execution and plating of every single dish that comes from the kitchen. In my opinion this is the Starr restaurant where you will get the most bang for your buck.
Stephen Starr - You're so cheeky.  I know you think you've got a run of the city.  You were just on Top Chef - and you probably think you're the King of Philly, don't you? 

While, I tend to stay away from the majority of your restaurants because I can't stand how TRENDY it all is - the bevy of suburban crowds alone that crowd your dining rooms make me cringe - I can't deny that you're doing a lot of things right here at this restaurant that you've decided to also transplant to A.C. and NYC. (ugh, chains!)-- and when I decide to go to ANY of your restaurants, Buddakan is always the one I return to.

Like other reviews mention here, Mr. Starr - can I call you Steve? - this restaurant is super consistent and the kitchen always delivers with excellently-prepared meals.  In the four years that I've come to your restaurant, the food is always as good as I remember. 

Steve, what I also LOVE is that the service is always prompt, informed, friendly, not overbearing and professional. (Philly restaurants and BYOs you could stand to learn a thing or two from Steve on Service)

Steve, you know how delectable your edamame ravioli is.  I dream of this mouth watering appetizer -  I could eat a tubful of the stuff - and I've yet to find a place that can recreate it.  Your kitchen never makes me wait for it either - the turnaround is quite stupendous... I find your appetizer menu more adventurous that your entrées - but I like that your sides, rice and noodle dishes are served family style - how generous!  You've always got extra to take home.   As for your entrées, Steve-  your fish and meat preparations are always spot - on. 

Sweet service, Consistency and deliciousness always wins out for me, Steve.  Your restaurant's ambience and decor is pretty sleek and it makes for an interesting dining experience.  

Despite the PYTs and the too-cools-for-schools are at every turn from the bar to the crowded banquettes - your lobster crepes with mushrooms and a cognac and curry sauce along with your moist Kobe beef satays (and throw in some wicked crab fried rice) win me over.

Your desserts - especially the chocolate Pagoda - when I have room is always worth the wait.  Even at the end of the night, I don't feel fleeced when I have to drop some serious loot because it was an enjoyable experience on the things that matter in dining.  Alright, Steve, I think I've plumped up your ego enough, don't you?
Buddakan is one of the most popular restaurants in the city. so I made reservations for my girlfriends birthday. It was a dinner for 4, They served us family style, but the portions are not that great. Very small portions to be distributed between the four of us. The food was delicious. Service was quick and attentive.
From the moment you walk into Buddakan, you feel like you're part of an exclusive, swanky club. A giant gold Buddha contemplates the luxurious scene from a deep red backdrop, setting the stage for a culinary experience. A cascading waterfall wall and elevated levels of seating add further intrigue to the space.

The dishes are designed to share, each one offering a unique, delicious flavor. Highlights included the edamame dumplings, spicy rock shrimp bao buns, char grilled aged beef and crab sticky rice. We ordered the bento box for dessert, which wasn't as delectable as it looked, although the presentation was beautiful.

This Asian fusion restaurant, overflowing with style and character, has locations in New York City and Atlanta as well. Looking forward to visiting another location in the future!
Was lucky enough to come here for a work function. I had been wanting to try Buddakan for awhile though, so I was really excited. The ambiance of this place is just incredible. Theres a beautiful fountain by the entrance, and a giant Buddha statue which we got to sit right in front of. The table we sat at was so cool, it had like lights on the inside. I had the "joy" cocktail, which was really good and on the sweeter side. We had a preselected menu so everything was brought out family style. I would consider most of what I had to be more asian fusion. I got to try a ton of different things:
Chicken ginger dumpings: 4/5. delicious! loved these
Spare Ribs: 3/5 also really good
Asian Caesar Salad: 5/5 awesome
Edamame Dumplings: I didn't try these cause I was eating so much, but everyone was raving about these.
Wasabi Tuna Tataki:5/5 Served over noodles. Omg, this was the best dish, hands down. Definitely a must order. This was just amazing. The tuna was melt in your mouth good. 
Wok Cashew Chicken: 4/5
Shrimp Pad Thai: 2.5/5 This is probably the only thing I would consider to be "just okay". It wasn't bad, just wasn't great
Edamame: It's edamame, can't really go wrong with that, but it was really good.
Fried Rice: 4/5 I don't remember what kind of fried rice this was. I love fried rice so it won with me, but I don't there was anything really original about it. 

For dessert, we had a plate with a variety of things, including the donuts everyone talks about. All of the dessert was amazing, loved everything. Service here was top notch, which is one of my favorite things about coming to a place like this. So, why not five stars? Honestly, the food just didn't "blow my mind" like it has at other Starr restaurants. However, I guess I also have higher expectations for Starr restaurants. If I had no expectations, and this was just some low key place I probably would have given 5 stars. Don't get me wrong though, I really enjoyed the food and loved the experience. I would come back just for the ambiance alone, but only for a special ($$$$) occasion.
Buddakan is just about as Zen as you can get for a dining experience. I have a bucket list of restaurants I would like to try but have happily ended up back at Buddakan instead many a time. This was the case on Friday night when my group of 5 made a last minute Opentable reservation.

The atmosphere was very swanky with the dim lit room illuminated by a giant gold Buddha statue. Despite the large dining area, each table seemed very intimate where you can get lost in the company of our own party.  

The food was amazing and I will go into detail about that later, but I want to start by recognizing our phenomenal server. I wish I caught her name so I can recognize her properly, but she epitomized what a server in a nice establishment should be. She was polished, professional, courteous, knowledgeable and attentive.  She had a knack with people and her training and experience shined through. 

A few members of my party were Buddakan virgins so we decided to order family style in order to sample as much as possible. For our appetizers we went with the edamame dumplings, and tuna pizza. We also received an order of the spicy rock shrimp bao buns compliments of the chef. Now I've had the edamame dumplings in the past, and they are one of my favorite dumpling dishes in the city. My only regret is just getting one order for the table. I am so glad I got to try the bao buns. The shrimp was absolutely perfect and so very flavorful. I think I've added another must-get appetizer to my list. 

We each ordered a beverage and the Buddha's Cup and Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA were the popular picks. The Buddha's cup consisted of Grey Goose Citron, Pimms No #, ginger and lychee. It was strong but the sweetness caused it to not be overpowering, and was great to sip while enjoying my food.

For our main courses, we ordered the Five Spice Duck Breast, Wasabi Tuna Tataki, Grilled Lamb Chops, Wasabi Crusted Filet and sides of the Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice and Korean Beef Fried Rice. And I know why I keep going back to Buddakan time after time: the Wasabi Crusted Filet. It was an absolute standout of the evening!  Our medium rare meat was cooked to perfect and beyond juicy. The Korean Beef Fried Rice also remains on top of my favorites' list. Everything else was simply delectable as well. Also cooked medium rare, we all really enjoyed the lamb chops and duck breast. 

Not that we had any room left, we had to go with the Dip Sum Donuts. As full as we were at the time when we placed the dessert order, we were certainly glad we got them. The donuts were perfectly fried and coated with an equally perfect amount of sugar. I don't eat donuts often but when I do, I only eat the best. We also received the Coconut Mousse compliments of the chef. While I'm not typically a coconut fan, it had a nice light flavor and was accompanied by tasty rice ice cream and roast pineapple. 

While unfortunately I don't frequent Buddakan too often, it is great to know where I can go when I want an amazing quality meal and a great dining experience.
This is yet another raved about restaurant and I am MORE than happy to report back that it lives up, if not exceeds its reputation. The atmosphere is awesome, so many tables and interesting decor to look at...and a giant Buddha. If you're lucky you  might even be able to sit with him at the table. Oh, and don't worry - there's a large bar as well with some delicious cocktails.

Everything here is amazing. The food is to die for - it's described as "Asian Fusion". I visited during restaurant week. As soon as I walked in, I was blown away. It's just one of those places that has that special "x" factor. I would recommend this place for any and all. Yes, it can get a little pricey but this food it WORTH IT!!

The food & drink. We started with the Tuna Pizza and the Chicken & Ginger dumplings. Both are to DIE FOR. The tuna pizza combined the sushi flavor of raw tuna with a delicious pizza - esque sauce. It's a must try. The dumplings were phenomenal - I also hear that the edamame dumplings are quite amazing.

For the entree round, we shared the Chilean Seabass and BBQ Pork Tenderloin. I would bathe in the sauce of the Chilean Seabass - it was that good. And the onion rings that came with the tenderloin were MASSIVE - I probably could've worn them as bracelets (pretty convenient way to take home for a snack...hehe).

Now, I'm not normally a dessert person. Quite the opposite in fact, I enjoy stuffing myself with more dinner. But we tried the "Dip Sum" Doughnuts and the Salted White Chocolate Dome Cake. Both - amazing. If you like doughnuts, these will blow you away. I can't even describe them - anything less than a poem would not do them justice.

Drinks are reasonable and the menu includes many different & interesting cocktails.

The service. SO attentive. They clear away everything so promptly and are there the second your glass is empty to ask if you'd like a refill.

The atmosphere. Dark and cozy, while still being a fairly large restaurant. It's spilt up into different sections and the tables are fair enough apart to give you some privacy.  It's has a very zen and chill vibe about it that will make you want to come back!

The recommendation. Love, love this place. I could not say enough positive things about it. It's perfect for so many situations, including corporate gatherings. There is a whole top portion of the restaurant that you could rent out for a work dinner.
- Special dinner ( or any other dinner - just wear something cute!)
- Corporate events
- 1st Date/Girls Night
- Big Groups
- Family
I probably am being harsher than it actually is. Perhaps, i could have given 3 stars. However, this place was no more than "hip" restaurant that serves average asian food that's far worse than a lot of authentic places in chinatown and vietnamese establishments in washington ave, purely in the name of "fusion".

I personally hate this type of place. By this type of place, here's what i mean:

1. menu is not coherent (they serve an array of things that are *asian* from thai, japanese, chinese, etc., without any real thoughts behind it...they are just...well, asian...) Why do I hate this thought? IMHO, it gives away the thought that asian is something you can categorize as Italian or French. Why not call a restaurant a European fusion and see what kind of menu we can come up with?
2.  Asian BBQ Pork. Seriously? Don't just call BBQ pork Asian...each country (each region of each country) has very distinct taste... So you call something "asian bbq" because it resembles something in a regional Chinese cuisine? Come on... Just say what it is...five-spice, Korean chili paste infused, etc. It just seems ignorant.
3. The sashimi, dumplings, and whole fried fish...they were all average if not below average, compared to thai restaurants that serve whole fried fish, experienced sushi chef, or places in chinatown that serve dumplings. So putting them all in the same place justifies the food being average because the place has a bit of everthing...i don't think so.
4. The place is just too "hip". It probably has to make up in the ambiance for what it lacks in the food department.
5. Their "famous" lobster dish is no more than lobster with mashed potato, Morimoto's curry-spice infused lobster dish is a fusion I can be comfortable with; otherwise, just eat at the ethnic places.

The only saving grace for this place, IMHO, is the dessert. Everyone in my party enjoyed the deserts: the dessert "bento", the tart, and the chocolate cake...they were all pretty good (the reason why they are getting 2 stars).
...Yawn.

I know this place is or was supposed to be one of "the" places to visit in the Philadelphia dining/nightlife scene, but I can tell you, save your money until the pretense - and the prices - go down. 

The interior was "luxuriously and fashionably" appointed, sure, but I just can't fully enjoy myself in an environment surrounded by loud, pretentious jerks. I suppose I can't fault anyone for wanting to feel "important" when they've paid those prices for the same level of fare attained at a P.F.Chang's, but I'd rather go somewhere less "fabulous" looking and, ah, be able to hear my dining companions.  (The food at P.F.Chang's is actually a bit better, truth be told. Sad state of affairs.) That said, the giant Buddha is great, but not worth the price of admission.

The dessert bento box was the highlight of the meal, so don't miss that if you go. Other than that, if you're trying to take someone there to impress them, I think choosing a place with a truly unique menu and original atmosphere will impress them more. Unless you're one of those aforementioned pretentious jerks. 

I DO know a couple cool people who like it here, so I'm not calling you a jerk if you do - I'm just saying the vast majority of the clientele make me... er, want to go somewhere else. Very. Fast.

Website's cool, though. ;)
Buddakan a part of the Starr restaurants. This the second buddakan on the east coast, the other being frequented by the whose who in NYC. 
I love this place, it is tastefully decorated with a giant sculpture of Buddha. The bar selection is inclusive and one can easily spend an hour before getting seated at their table. 
For the food we have ordered the soup dumplings, shrimp bao buns, beef satay and the spring rolls. The dumplings are better than those served at Sampan and I Love Sampan, so that says a lot. In the main course we usually just get the kimchi fried rice with the wagyu beef and it is as delicious as it is fulfilling for 2 people. Perfect spot for a date night or just to take your Boujee friends to!
The only reason for the four stars is purely the wait time. We had reservations for 9:15, and were seated about 40 minutes later -  this sentiment was common among other groups as well. Maybe it was the restaurant week rush hour on a Friday night but the wait was definitely long.

The service was great- new utensils for every course and water as well! The staff was attentive and friendly which was an added plus.

Since we were a group of three, we ordered everything on the restaurant week menu and nothing disappointed. The highlights definitely were the sweet& crispy jumbo shrimp and the desserts! The shrimp has candied walnuts,zests of lime pulp, and peppers on the side which really add a unique taste. The baked Alaska caused us to sink into our seats the doughnuts came with three dipping sauces that we ate with our spoons ( that good!)

For cocktails, the " Joy " has a really nice sweet after taste to it. You can also personally order a mule and the bartender does a nice job with it. They were out of " Zen-grias," but I guess that's for next time.

The total bill came to about 170$ with tip and tax- so definitely go when you have something to celebrate :)
Since I was younger, Buddakan has been one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. The chef has always had a great assortment of Asian-fusion dishes that are amazingly tasty and things that I would never come up with on my own. The decor in this place is really cool. There's a large buddha statue that serves as the focal point and tons of tables that are centered around it. There's also a large "family style" table so if you're party is large, they can usually accommodate you there, given that there aren't too many walk ins that have taken over it. The place gets pretty loud, but if you are lucky enough to be seated upstairs, it's a little more intimate and a great place to catch up over a terrific meal.

Dishes we always get when we're here (given there are enough people to share them with) that you should ABSOLUTELY give a try are:

Crispy Calamari Salad (fried calamari and field greens tossed in a light and tangy, but not overwhelming, dressing)
Miso Black Cod (the miso becomes carmelized so it's almost a sweet taste and the cod is light and tender)
Sizzling Short Rib
Wasabi Crusted Filet
Korean Beef Fried Rice 
Wasabi Mashed Potatoes 
Chinese Eggplant
Wok Charred Broccoli

We've tried the Scallion Chicken, but were less than thrilled and found it to be bland compared to everything else we've tried. Service is always polite but can be a little slow so I would make sure that you don't have to run off somewhere if you've decided to dine here.
Okay, as an Asian person, I was pretty impressed.  The food was good, pricey, yes, but very good. And it was beautifully plated to give off a "wow" factor for a few of the dishes. 

And it was pretty high quality!  Ingredients such as the steak were fresh and well-prepared, with "medium" being a true "medium," no more and no less. 

The two things I enjoyed most about Buddakan were the ambiance - it was a great environment to eat, mingle, and have fun - not too pretentious, but just upscale enough and the diversity of food choices - menu items ranged from the low $10s to $40-$50 depending on what you ordered, so you could get away with just doing small plates and not breaking the bank. 

I heard somewhere that this was the first Buddakan (feel free to fact check me) before they moved onto NYC (Chelsea market?) and my experience here confirmed that the food scene in Philadelphia truly punches above its weight. Not too pricey, extremely high quality. 

Finally, our server introduced herself and was pleasant and polite. Very knowledgeable and not too obtrusive. 

The standouts were the miso black cod and steak dishes (photos!)
Dinner for five on 8/21/21. Overall we really enjoyed the experience. I've eaten here before as well as outposts in NYC, Las Vegas, and Atlantic City. I believe the last two are closed. The food has been consistently good. Think of it as a more refined version of PF Chang's. 

We ordered a lot of food and our leftovers were handed out to homeless folks on the walk back to the hotel. 

For appetizers we had the dim sum platter, spicy shrimp Bao buns, spare ribs, and tuna tartare spring rolls. All were good, but the Bao buns were a home run. For the main course we had the crab fried rice, wasabi filet, wasabi mashed potatoes, sea bass, and the char grilled beef. I'm a huge fan of the wasabi encrusted filet, but honestly thought the char grilled beef was better. All in all, we were happy with the appetizers and entrees. 

For dessert, we had the Buddha's temple and the Creme brûlée. Both were hits. 

All in all, a good meal. The service was super fast, impressive given how busy they were. Will be back in a few years.
To be honest, we weren't thrilled with our experience here. I came with my SO and we had high expectations because of all the buzz around this place. It's good, not great. The general ambiance is nice with the water fixture, giant Buddha, etc. Would definitely recommend reservations to secure a table. 

Our food was good -- we ordered from the vegetarian menu. Drinks were alright. But what really took away stars here was the service. I don't think our waiter said more than 10 words to us all night. He didn't introduce himself. Just started by asking us if we want water. Then took our order...didn't check on us once after we received our food from the kitchen. And we had to flag him down for our check (we ended up asking someone else to bring the check). I'm pretty disappointed because this isn't what I expect from any restaurant, much less one that claims to be such a staple of the Philly food scene. 

I'll be going back to the restaurant tonight actually with my parents and hope to have a better experience. We'll see...
i hate that i like this place since i hate steven starr, but a friend who cooks there is too talented to not go and eat his food. everything on the menu is excellent, from the salads (the calamari salad and asian caesar are beyond awesome, yes, salads, you heard me right) to the angry lobster and beef short ribs. there isn't a bad dish on the menu in my opinion, and i've had most of them. it will never get 5 stars from me though, too many jerk-o//s 'love' it here and as i said, it is steven starr. but it's worth experiencing at least once
So I'm eating my Buddakan leftovers as I write this...

Well this is my 2nd time here, and I went for Restaurant  Week and a friend's birthday.  Thankfully I tried it again to give this restaurant 3 stars instead of 1.  The first time I went the duck was overcooked and the scallops were gritty--no likey sand in my food :-( ...but the manager was apologetic.

Ok--so on to better food. I like how this restaurant serves the dishes family style so my group shared everything :-) 

Appetizers:  
*Spareribs--delicious, tender, flavorful
*Shrimp Spring Rolls--good, nothing to overly rave about but good
*Edamame Ravioli --bland, was really looking forward to this after all the hype :-(

Main Course:
**Us Ladies were feeling quite carnivorous and ordered only MEAT options**

*Shortribs:  very tender, yet could use more flavor; this came with "mushroom chow-fun" which was also bland
*Lamb chops:  very tender, good...the eggplant side dish out-shined the lamb though 

Dessert:

*Crying Chocolate Cake:  Good, typical chocolate cake at at 4star restaurant, the coffee ice cream on the side was better
*Dip Sum Doughnuts:  THE BEST PART OF THE NIGHT!:  Piping Hot, Sugary Doughnuts with raspberry, cream cheese, and chocolate dipping sauces (wish I had ordered this instead of the cake :-/).


I really want to LOVE this restaurant, but to me it just does not live up to the hype. The decor and celeb sightings make this place more interesting.  I probably would not go back unless someone else is paying ;-).
It's rare that a place lives up to this much hype but I have to say, it really blew me away. The service, the ambiance, the food - all 5-star. This is a perfect place for a date night or a group. 

My first trip here was with a group of 3. The service itself was solid... the drinks were tasty. The edamame dumplings and wasabi tuna tataki did not disappoint and I fell deeply in love with my wasabi mashed potatoes. 

I loved them so much I had to go back just 3 weeks later with the boyfriend for a second helping. My pan seared sea bass was absolute perfection. The service on the second trip was just as good as the first. 

I am moving out of the area soon and I have been trying to hit as many restaurants as I can before I do but this one is worth a repeat trip for certain.
I went to Morimoto a few weeks back, so when I received an email notifying me about Philadelphia Restaurant Week, I immediately hopped on the world wide interweb to find out which restaurants were participating in the amazing deals ($35 for a three course meals in eateries such as Le Bec Fin, Buddakon, Alma de Cuba, Lacroix, etc). Naturally after my first exemplary experience at a Stephen Starr Facility, I thought I would try Buddakan--a restaurant I had heard reigned the Philadelphia Asian Fusion Foodie Scene for years. 

I made a reservation for 3 for Sunday at 9:45 (their only reservation a week before the first evening of restaurant week--my fault I know, but I'm a late eater, so I'd prefer something around that time). 

The con: Valet Parking was $18.00 which is a bit of thievery--you would think that you could offer a complementary valet, especially with your location on Chestnut Street where parking is minimal (if not impossible) at best. But ok, All is forgiven (kind of..I'm still kind of spiteful..) 

Walking through the doors, you're presented with an artfully designed space, with a waterfall, serene lighting and a polite crew greeting you at the front desk. Our coats were taken and we were guided to our table, a nice corner seat with a view of the first floor which was to die for, with the Buddha drawing attention in the center of the room. The music was trendy and lent to the ambiance--it was very loud--but our ears quickly grew accustomed and it was not uncomfortable (keep in mind, again first night of restaurant week and every single table was full). 

Our waiter was sweet and attentive--quickly asking us if we would prefer iced or bottled water, and giving us a few moments to review their drink list. First on my drink list: Zen-gria. I had heard it was great, and a must try (it must be if they sell it by the pitcher or by the glass). Unfortunately (according to the waiter it was a first and he apologized profusely)  they were out so I ordered guilt--a cocktail with champagne, some other good alcohol and blood orange juice. It was perfect--smooth, crisp and slightly tart (which complimented the crisp bite of the champagne). 

First course: I ordered the shrimp and scallop spring-rolls, "the boy" (as he has come to be called in my reviews ;) ) ordered the grilled octopus, and my mom ordered the tea marinated short rib. They all came out, and we decided to share--a little bit of everything (I almost ordered the edamame ravioli because I heard they were so good, but I was in a seafood mood last night). The octopus (Ok, Ok, I cant get past the little suction cups on the legs--big texture issue for me) was good (I had the middle part, sans legs--but of course I couldn't cut them off either so the boy did for me), the spare ribs were tender and seasoned wonderfully (I do not not not eat meat, and it usually makes me sick, but if I want it, I eat it) and the spring rolls? well, they were divine--the mustard and sweet sauces served as an accompaniment were fantastic and gave it the right little "oomph" it needed.

Main Course: I ordered the Sweet & Spicy Scallops (four delicious diver scallops, served over a sweet and spicy sauce with sweet corn, and spicy tofu chunks which I promptly engulfed), the boy ordered the short rib (so tender, it pulled apart) with mushroom chow fun (oh.my.word, I could live off of it!) and my mom ordered the pan seared crusted tuna which was cooked wonderfully--slightly browned on the outside and a gorgeous shade of fresh tuna red inside and displayed magnificently. 

Desert: Dip Sum Donuts (sugar donut things) with a raspberry sauce, a gingered cream cheese, and chocolate sauce, the boy got the crying chocolate cake (a molten lava cake type thing) with a decadent dark chocolate center with morsels of crunch chocolate providing a great textural companion for the smooth chocolate filling and velvety, warm chocolate cake, served with a fantastic vietnamese chocolate ice cream. My mom ? Well, she went with a warm carrot cake served with a panna cotta icing (to die for, so decadent) and what seemed to be a curried ice cream (fantastic) and a mango-carrot puree for your dipping pleasure--and my was it a pleasure!)

Even with the $35.00 three course meal, with drinks (2 each with the exception of the boy who got a beer and was good to go {so technically three}) we spent $168.00 plus a $35.00 tip and $23.00 valet (hey, gotta tip them!) and $5.00 for coat check--you're looking at $230.00ish for three--however, their regular menu is reasonably priced, and you do not have to get a signature cocktails (but when you're paying less for food, may as well pay more for drinks ;) )

I was extremely happy with everything--service, food, ambiance. I am extremely excited to try other Stephen Starr establishments as soon as possible (Pod is next on my list, so is Butcher and Singer)

I loved restaurant week so much I made reservations at Chifa for next Sunday :) 

Go try it! Now!
Overall experience was 4.5 stars. Went during restaurant week, and they were on top of their game! It is pricey if you don't go during restaurant week, so if you can stop by in Jan or Sept, 3 courses for $35 for dinner is a great deal.

Started with the short rib and pancake with scallions, and steamed chicken dumplings. Short rib and pancake with scallions was delicious, and quite filling. The steamed chicken dumpling was good, but nothing memorable. 

The star of the night was the Chilean sea bass as the main entree. This fish is spectacular, and was excellently prepared with a light sauce. Very moist and scrumptious! I highly recommend it if you have not tried it.  

For dessert, we had the dip sum doughnuts, which were served warm with powdered sugar and 3 dipping sauces, (chocolate, pineapple, and ginger cream cheese). This dessert was surprisingly delightful! Both my husband and I enjoyed it, and it's prob one of the best desserts you will ever be offered from any restaurant week menu! My mom had the baked Alaska, which was good as well!
Philly Eat Week - $35 for 3 courses, how could you say no? Today was my 2nd trip and I was still impressed with the food.  Can I talk about the mini donuts, they are so good.
We got delivery from Buddakan last night and I gotta say...it was really good!! We ordered 2 x veggie fried rice, eggplant and garlic sauce, and veggie lo mein. These were all super tasty and not heavy at all. Usually expect to feel like I swallowed a brick after eating some restaurant Asian food, but everything was super light and not oily at all. We also got the edamame dumplings - the dumplings were fine/good but are 1000% outshined by the edamame dumplings at Double Knot, also in Philly. We also got a few desserts (creme brûlée and chocolate mousse) and both were really good. They had melted by the time they arrived because Buddakan put them in the same takeout bag as our piping hot food (??) -- deducted 1 star for not thinking through those logistics. 

Overall, a solid experience and will likely order takeout from them again.
My fiance and are fans of Buddakan in regular times, but they really impressed us two weeks ago with the quality of their COVID-19 dinner delivery.  Like lower-end Asian fare, the meal travels and reheats well -- but unlike lower-end Asian fare, Buddakan's delivery dinner feels luxurious and special even without being in the restaurant's cool space.  We ordered lobster fried rice, cashew chicken, dumplings, and spring rolls and agreed it was easily one of the best takeout/delivery meals we've enjoyed since Philadelphia shut down in mid-March.

The only downsides were one of the longest wait times (over an hour) and highest price tags (over $100) we've experienced while the shutdown order has been in effect.  But, as we millennials like to say: #worthit.
Every time I'm in Philly we make sure to visit this place!! Always love the service and food!!
Menu changes regularly! I miss the Edamame truffle ravioli, but they had edamame truffle  dumplings which were amazing as well! 
They have a special vegetarian/ vegan menu upon request which is great! Love their desserts too! Dim sum Five spice donuts are always on the menu. 

Got the dragon tofu on my last visit, one of the best tofu dishes I have ever eaten! Just wish they had a Florida location.
A nice experience at this restaurant during CC restaurant week. I got the Chilean Sea Bass and it was very good. The fish was flavorful, filling and had good texture. The other items placed on the plate was just okay as it wasn't cooked to my preference; too undercooked. The dumplings and duck wings I tried were really good and had good flavor. For dessert, I  went wIth the dim sum donuts. It was a good treat, but not like a decadent dessert. As far as the atmosphere, it was modern, very dim and semi-tight which is a matter of preference. Service was very fast. Overall, it was a good experience.
I am reposting this for a friend! 

"Usually people show food pictures...not today. The 1" x 3" piece of cod was lost in the huge blank plate flanked by two pieces of bok Choy. The tofu dish was served minus the accompanying rice, the Pad Tai lost some shrimp along the way. Upon arrival the white seat covers were dirty and badly needed to be laundered. Then they attempted to sit us next to the bathroom, we resisted and were given other seats (there were plenty available) waiter kept bumping into my chair...I had to change seats! Restrooms need updating; peeling plaster and grunge on walls. No personal seats, door hook was loose and so was the toilet seat. Do better. A Stephen Starr restaurant desperately in need of attention to detail"
What makes this a 5 star review is the service. Our waiter, Mark, was awesome. He was helpful, efficient, and attentive without being over the top or intrusive. He even helped me convince my boyfriend that we should definitely get the edamame dumplings that everyone raves about, even though my boyfriend wanted dumplings with meat and seafood. Needless to say, the edamame dumplings were amazing and he wanted to order more after we ate them. We also ordered...
shrimp bao buns (awesome)
calamari salad (awesome- order the smaller size if it's just two people- the small one is really big)
the ribs entre (awesome)
the jumbo shrimp entre (good, but would not order again)
the singapore noodles (did not like these)
The waiter saw that we were not eating the noodles and he took them away. After all that food we were full, but it was my birthday so I wanted dessert. I ordered the crying chocolate dessert and told the waiter that my boyfriend wanted the dip sum donuts but since it was my birthday we were getting the crying chocolate (we were too full to order two desserts). When the waiter came back he brought the crying chocolate AND the donuts for my boyfriend. Both desserts were amazing! Thank you, Buddakan, you did not dissapoint!
I woke up and began to remember bits and pieces of last night, I realized i went to Buddakan for dinner! Lets just say, I have no regrets and made zero mistakes last night.

Walking in in my high heels [that i never ever wear] feeling super uncomfortable, as soon as we were seated by the semi-exposed kitchen, I was immediately at ease. Fancy and me do not do very well together, but here for some reason, I did not feel entirely all out of place. Maybe the giant Buddha had something to do with it?

Started off with cocktails. 

My sister and her friend got the Dream: grey goose, lemongrass, guava, mint

My date got Solid: bulleit bourbon, thai cola, ginger, kaffir lime     

Birthday Girl [Me] got Haze: bombay gin, nigori sake, lychee

We all passed around drinks for a sip to taste the different cocktails. Dream was very fruity, the guava present in every sip, I would say it is a safe bet for a girl! Solid had to be my favorite, given Bulleit is amazing, there was something about it, that absolutely clicked with my personality! It was strong and slightly sweet without being overpowering. Haze, unfortunately, I disliked, which was weird since i like Gin and Lychee, the Lychee was lost in between the sake and gin i guess? But maybe you would like it? But i would not order it again. So i ordered myself another Solid :D

Appetizers

We decided to stick to fish and seafood as 2 out of the 4 of us were Pescatarians.  The King Crab Tempura, crunchy and juicy w/ the sweet and sour sauce, i'm telling you, everyone else was staring at my face when I first took a bite of it. I wasn't aware of food capable of tasting so good [since my mom lives elsewhere now, I forgot the taste of real food]. 

Next, Shrimp & Scallop Spring Rolls, the wrapper was crisp and the flavors dance in your mouth. Awesome, but not my favorite, since I am moving onto bigger and better things. 

This was the highlight of the appetizer round, Edamame Ravioli. One might ask, Edamame Ravioli for real? Yes, for real folks. No joke, the texture of the Edamame inside is so rich and intense, almost reminded me of a deviled egg somehow, but that just could be me, and the broth that its sitting on is $$$ ! Drink it

Entrées

Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice x.o. sauce: this was me being adventurous, ignoring my usual Pad Thai and going with my brown-girl instincts. The rice comes stuffed inside a huge crab shell. Don't be fooled, it was just the right amount for 4 people, given there was 2 other entrées. The taste of the crab comes through very clearly without overpowering the rice, and the stickiness was a refreshing change from your usual fried rice. It was probably tying the first place with the sea bass for me.

Hot & Sour Scallops chinese sausage, sweet corn, tofu, black mushrooms: Comes 4 in a plate, perfect for sharing, we ordered it without the sausage and the tiny little tofus floating around the plate were incredibly adorable. Loved the playful plating of it, tasted superb.

Pan Seared Sea Bass haricots verts, butternut squash, maitake mushrooms, truffle jus: Sea Bass? Need I say more? Whatever they might have done to the fish, the creamy clean taste remained undisturbed, but more enhanced, the haricots verts sitting crunchy on the bottom was the absolute perfect way to finish entrée. Also, how can you go wrong with Maitake? I love me all sorts of shrooms.

Like my tongue and mind wasn't blown away already, we ordered the Chocolate Bento box. They will tell you it is to share among 2 people but unless you are obsessed with dessert, it can easily go for 4 and we still had some left. It contained Chocolate Pagoda, Cashew Candy Car, Chocolate Pot de Crème, White Chocolate Cheesecake, Chocolate Almonds, Banana Tower. Notice how Banana Tower is in the end? Obviously because it was the best! Everything else was equally good, nothing too sweet nor too bitter, there is something for everybody in that box. 

Needless to say, our Host, Server and all the other staff was wonderful. Apart from food, it was totally entertaining to watch the staff in the kitchen working, putting out plates, even if it was not a clear view, it was a treat for this foreign newb. Buddakan is definitely fit for any occasion, as long as you like the type of food they are doing.

My favorite thing about Buddakan was the fact each item is meant to be shared. Whats the fun if you don't get to taste a bit of everything? 

P.S: Folks they do not accept Discover cards...

^.^
Sexy, chic, and modern. I would call it a solid 5/5 dining experience. It was such a treat. I came for a Saturday night dinner and it was jam packed. We waited 25-30 minutes. Luckily, I had fun looking through the menu while we were waiting. I would make reservations ahead of time though. 

The vibe: music is blasting, there's a huge buddha, people are all dressed up. It's fun to do people watching, but not a place to have an intimate conversation. 

The menu: Asian fusion with Thai, Japanese, Korean, and Chinese influence. Buddakan is known for their edamame dumplings, so please do not miss out on this! It's truly an explosion of delicate flavors. There's first the soft texture of the dumping skin, then the creamy edamame filling. It melted in my mouth like butter. How I would describe it is almost like really good ravioli. In retrospect, I am so glad I did not get the dim sum sampler which allows you to sample all the dim sum, but you only get 2 of edamame dumplings. That would have made me very sad and angry. 

The Kobe beef satay with tempura was also delicious. What was impressive was the tempura--deep fried to crispy perfection, such a perfect way to enjoy mushrooms, potatoes, and asparagus. The Kobe beef tasted a bit like Korean galbi. The beef was served on a skewer. I wish that the beef was bit more tender though. 

Pork belly bao buns: pork belly is served on what tastes like kimchi cole slaw. Comes with bao buns. I thought the hoisin sauce complimented the pork belly really well. You really can't go wrong with the pork belly. 

Overall, the service was excellent, waiters are attentive, and edamame dumplings completely stole
 the show for me. I highly recommend this restaurant on your special occasion!
With equal amounts chic and delicious, Buddakan is is one of the best restaurants in Philly and well worth the price.

My tour of the Stephen Starr restaurants in Philly continues, and I think I've arrived at my favorite so far in Buddakan, a trendy Asian Fusion restaurant in Old City. The interior features modern decor, low lighting, and a small inviting bar area. Be sure to check out the famous giant golden Buddha, providing the appropriate zen metaphor for your upcoming culinary experience.

My girlfriend and I decided to break the piggy bank here, starting with the Tuna Pizza ($17). The pizza crust is thin and crispy, topped with fresh tuna carpaccio, spicy aioli, pickled jalapeño, ponzu sauce (a tangy soy-based sauce). This dish is a must-order - it's a sashimi pizza and all of those toppings just adds to the deliciousness of the dish, which is bursting with Asian flavors and spices. Next out was the Edamame Dumplings ($15). I'm not sure what they do with that edamame when they blend it, but it came out creamy smooth, and coupled with the soft dumpling that melts in your mouth, they are possible the best dumplings I've ever had. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, we got to our entrees, the Pad Thai ($26) and the Five Spice Duck Breast ($28) served with corn and scallion spoon bread. Entrees here are massive and meant to be shared, so don't balk at the higher prices. It also helps both dishes were magnificent - the Pad Thai was served with fresh shrimp and a medley of scrumptious vegetables. The meal concluded with mouth watering duck, cut super thin and served with really great spoon bread and a crisp side salad. I've really come around on duck, and this is the best interpretation I've had in the City. 

All in all, I eagerly look forward to coming back to Buddakan, as soon as I save up more money. It's one of the best high-end restaurants in Philadelphia, and I'm certain everything on the menu will blow your mind.
Maybe i was unimpressed because so many glowing reviews here brought high expectations. Basically, the restaurant has a club vibe, which judging by the crowd, people seem to like. i can overlook that kind of thing if the food is good, but basically, everything we had was overly sweet and nothing was interesting. 

In fairness, maybe we didn't work the menu, but the three things we ordered were all more or less the same dish--something-something deep-fried in a sugar sauce.

Snow crab tempura -- this $26 appetizer is basically what you'd get if they deep-fried some crab meat at an Irish Pub--the batter was not light panko like a tempura, but bar-food heavy and served in a ponzu sauce--a thin sweet and sour. 

Dragon Tofu--The tofu was perfectly deep-fried crispy atop a couple of greens, but we barely finished it. The "dragon sauce" was just another sweet sauce and hard to differentiate from their kung pao sauce. 

Kung Pao Monkfish--i thought it might be a filet with some creative hint of kung pao, but was 4 pieces of monkfish, again, battered and deep fried in a sweet sauce with flecks of carrot and like two to three peanuts.  

Near the underwhelmed end of our meal, our waiter, who had been practically underfoot the whole time we were trying to eat our meal, had filled up one of two empty glasses and then went on hiatus--but hell, who needs dessert when you've already choked down that amount of sugar in the sauces of these entrees?!
Ok so I feel like I'm required to be quick and hasty with my writing of this review because at the time of patronization my brain was literally swimming in vodka soda so memories are fleeting. 

I have been salivating to sample Buddakan for quite some time now but the time never felt right. After previous activities on the day in question, I decided to throw caution to the wind, bite the bullet, and finally pay this place a visit. It didn't hurt that it was disturbingly early for 2 hot twenty-somethings to eat dinner on a Saturday evening which would help in the getting-a-table department.

As is pretty standard, my suspicions were correct. We were seated immediately. 

Secondary to my relatively new attempted ketotic state, many new foods and beverages that were previously off limits are now fair game. One such item is mother-fucking BUBBLE TEA. Holy shit. Throw back to my carefree college days and adolescent metabolism. Much to my pleasure, this place has a bubble tea COCKTAIL. Possibly because I was blasted already but this was literally absolutely fucking spectacular. It was thick with little floaty things that just felt in my soul belonged there. The tapioca or whatever balls were chewy and enhanced my nostalgia. 

Contrary to literally every single thing I just said about ketosis, for the actual food portion of our meal, we ordered exclusively carbohydrates: edamame dumplings, wasabi mashed potatoes, curried cauliflower, and vegetable rice. 

Both the curried cauliflower and wasabi mashed potatoes were amazing. Cauliflower slathered in some creamy curry sauce with cashews and I assume (don't actually remember) some other stuff like maybe some peas or other little things. I do vaguely recall seeing some red stuff. 

Wasabi mashed potatoes were like light and fluffy whipped taters with a delicate wasabi zest. 

Vegetable rice came with a cream lake for some reason, not sure what that was about but I don't remember being particularly impressed with this one but of course shoveled it down my kisser nonetheless. 

The real stars of the show were the edamame dumplings. Describing them as better than sex doesn't do them justice. The texture inside the dumpling is like not something I was aware was present in nature, smooth and rich. They tasted absolutely orgasmic. Don't come here without ordering this shit, trust me.

Anyways by the time we finished we resembled something the cat dragged in. I, miraculously and for perhaps one of the few times in my life, managed to maintain possession of the leftovers for the entirety of our trip home and successfully implant them onto one of my fridge shelves. 

Ok I have nothing else to say come here it's good bye
Holy smokes, I forget how amazing this place is. Edamame Dumplings are to die for. Tuna Tartare Spring rolls will blow your face off. And I challenge you to find a better Sea Bass (Patagonian Tooth Fish) Service is impeccable. Thank you Buddakan.
Third stop for Center City District Restaurant Week:  Buddakan for $20 three-course lunch.

First impression: wow. From the waterfall to the giant Buddha in the dining room, and fun designs on the chairs, super trendy place. 

For my meal I chose the Thai Chicken Salad, Seared Ahi Tuna Tataki, Chicken Dumplings, and the Chocolate Mousse (it was called Crying Chocolate or something). It was presented with the first three items in individual small bowls on one long plate, very pretty aesthetic and good portions, not too filling, and the flavors were on point! Of course, penultimate Asian Fusion means I had Thai, Japanese, AND Chinese food represented in my meal. The dessert wasn't really Asian inspired at all...? The other dessert was like Chinese donuts with dipping sauce, which was also a stretch. 

More than a great deal for $20, glad I could try such a fancy spot during Restaurant Week.
Buddakan never fails to be a BS-proof dining experience. Came here just recently during restaurant week for a joint 30th birthday celebration. While I have certainly preferred the level of service and overall food experience during a non-restaurant week cycle (which I think most would agree comes with the territory of attending restaurant week in general), the Spicy Rock Shrimp Bao Buns And Chicken Ginger Dumplings were amazing as per usual.

This place has been a long-standing Steven Starr that, for me, remains to be a fitting and regret-free destination for any special occasion that comes along. 

Don't forget about the Dim Sum Doughnuts, either...
Get the Lamb Chops. Now, you're going to respond to me that you're not really a "fan" of lamb. But, listen to what I say.....Get the Lamb Chops. Erik convinced me to get the lamb (he had eaten here before), and let me just say that when there was only one chop left on the plate between us, it almost came down to a fight...right there in the crowded restaurant. But enough about the lamb.....just get it.

As for the restaurant, itself, Buddakan has a great vibe. In the tradition of Buddha Bar in Paris and Tao in New York, Buddakan has an enormous Buddha statue as it's centerpiece, complimented with waterfalls, a back-lit stone community table, and white floor to ceiling curtains all around. The main dining area downstairs is louder and has more "buzz," as conversation, groovy music and people watching all meld together. If you want a more tranquil meal, head upstairs, where the things are quieter and there is also a second, more mellow bar. Definitely a "see and be seen" type of place.

Back to the food......everything we ate was wonderful. The King Crab Dumplings were sitting in a tasty miso-based sauce. The Jumbo Shrimp were great, as well, and was accented with both candied walnuts and small shaved sections of pepper......the whole thing just blended together. The menu offered more enticing choices than we had room to try. Several appetizers will have us coming back here on our next trip to town. The "Angry Lobster," their signature dish, also seemed like a "must try" for next time. And, while we decided to share the Banana Tower for dessert, there was another option for fresh, warm mini-donuts with dipping sauces. How we passed on that option, I'll never know.

All in all, a great scene with a ton of tempting options. Definitely a place we'll come back to again.
My visit to Buddakan has stuck in my head for a good long time now. A terrific place for business casual drinks after work, a gathering of colleagues or friends and that special someone.

The ambiance is engrossing. It feels somewhat Americanized for the Chinese decor that is used, but the bar and dining areas are dimly lit and feel cozy. I had the pleasure of being served upstairs, which was a single room with larger table setups.

The food stole the show. The tea smoked spare ribs were a tasty treat... and the pan seared sea bass was the most tender piece of fish I've ever had. The prices were high for  both drinks and food, which sobered up the party just a bit. Bottom line, I wouldn't necessarily go out of your way to try the place unless you're dying for high end fusion. If you find yourself along Chestnut Ave after work, however, do stop in for a drink and some dinner,
A big fat "Eh"... Not that the little plates they bring out aren't tasty, but for the price you're paying, I would call that par. The decor is absurd and distracting, with several long tables that put your party of two between complete strangers a foot away. The menu is rather short. The service is OK.
I definitely prefer Buddakan over Morimoto's.  From walking into the restaurant, the service was very courteous.  I thought the decor was fantastic with the whole asian decor theme and the big buddha statue in the middle of the restaurant.  I liked the waterfall wall that we sat next to near the entrance.  The white drapes, dark lighting, and structure of Buddakan was very nice to me.  

Service: our waitress was very smiley, which made the experience better.  She was very attentative with filling our water up, getting us new drinks, and asked us if we ever needed anything.  The food came out amazingly quick with the amount of people the place had.  They would always change your plates and utensils also.

Food: we had the appetizer special BLT sushi rolls, entrees: seabass and crab fried rice, dessert: buddakan creme brulee, drinks: zen-gria
The BLT sushi roll was a great way to start off our dining experience here, the cod included in it was delicious and very tasteful. i loved it.  seabass was so nice and flakey.  the sauce that accompanied with it consisted of squash cubes, mushroom sauce and peas.  I haven't had seabass in awhile and it was REALLY good to my taste.  Crab fried rice was good and reminded me of a thai place back home that makes something similar.  the portion looked small but for two people it filled us up quite alot!  Finally the dessert, creme brulee was nice and not too sweet.  i like it like that, not too sweet.  Zen-gria was good, different than your normal sangria.  I had two servings of it! 

 It is a bit pricey but i believe it is decent for its seafood or normal asian fusion place.  Compared to other places i've been to, it was cheaper and good for my taste.  As we walked out of the restaurant, another couple ordered the Angry lobster dish.  That dish looks very intimidating and good! maybe i'll save up my tummy for it next time i come here!
My husband made reservations here for my birthday on the recommendation of several friends and I am glad they did because I really enjoyed my experience. 

 The waiter recommended the duck fried rice which was good. I wasn't blown away but I enjoyed it. My arteries hate me but I am a fan of pork so I tried the smoked spare ribs...these I really liked and would definitely have again. My friends kept raving about the "dip sum doughnuts" and they really didn't disappoint (I appreciated the sparklers placed on them for my birthday). The fruit jam and gingered cream cheese were lovely. We also had their boozy bubble tea...not very strong but tasty. Probably wouldn't order again because seemed overpriced. 

Just stepping into this place made me feel stylish, haha. It really was decorated with a modern intentionality...my husband thought the faces on the chair covers were a little  off putting tthough. I know the darkness is supposed to set the mood and is "chic" but it really is super dark (saw lots of older individuals at other tables having to use their phone lights to see the menu).
When my friend suggested Buddakan, I fully prepared to spend so much money because it sounds fancy af. 

But I was pleasantly surprised!

While you still feel v fancy eating there, most of the things are fairly priced. They suggest you split things family style too so if that's your thing it helps some.

My roommates and I split appetizers and dessert. For appetizers we got the Spicy Shrimp Bao Buns (which what is a bao bun I still don't know except DeLiCiOuS) and the General Tso Dumplings. So. Good. For dessert I think we got the chocolate tart and the maple blondie and it was the perfect way to end the meal. 

The service was great, the ambience was great, I definitely recommend trying this place out if you want to eat something a lil fancier than a Philly cheesesteak!
My god.  This place.  I don't really know how to elaborate on those first four words.  I went here with my girlfriend back in December.  It was our first date and I wanted to pretend I was a big shot for the night.  This story's made better by the fact that she was well aware I was not and am not loaded.  (But I will be...)  

Anyway, the story: It's pouring rain and we get into the restaurant.  The girls behind the counter see me looking like a wet dog since I let my girlfriend have the whole umbrella, and they hand me some towels to dry off with.  Awesome.  But then, even with reservations, there's a 20 minute wait.  Not so awesome.

But it didn't matter.  First trip to Buddakan scores you a free plate of the trademark edamame ravioli.  I'd describe how awesome these bad boys are, but it'd be like describing a color without just saying the color: you can't do it.  Try it.  Then try to lick your own elbow.  I'll wait.  You done?  Okay, moving forward.

I ordered the pork shoulder.  I have never been this happy with a decision since the time I got orange and black braces on Halloween when I was 12.  So that was destroyed in a matter of minutes.  My girlfriend got some chicken tempura thing that looked like sushi but wasn't.  That description may make it sound like we hated it.  We didn't.  Why do I say we?  Luckily, I date a girl who doesn't finish her entire meal sometimes.  So, since I was dropping $150 on food, I dug into her plate.

In other news, the dumplings were out of this world.  We finished up with the lemongrass consomme because sometimes I like to feel fancy, OKAY!?

Go here.  Just do it.  I don't care if you have no money, imaginary person.  Go here and eat.  Now.
We dined here for my fiancé's  40th birthday, such an amazing and beautiful place inside. We requested to be seated by the big Buddha and they made that happen. Food and service was top notch, drinks were delicious as well! Our favorite was the Chilean Sea Bass, order that you won't be disappointed!!! We would love to come back again soon!
The atmosphere was mellow and simple, loved the moon and Buddha. Not necessarily romantic but a sweet place to go with friends, lounge vibe to it. 

Mushroom pot stickers: delicious flavor but over fried almost burnt. 
General tso dumplings: the dumpling itself was fresh but the flavor was all soy sauce. 
Calimari salad: fresh crunchy bite, just enough dressing and the calamari was just right not over done at all. Just Perfect according to hubby. 
Shrimp boa buns: had a nice crunch could have used more of a kick to it. 

Shrimp lo mien: way too much soy sauce, extremely salty. 
Seabass: delicious, my favorite was the mushrooms just wish there was more of it. 
Korean fried rice: reminded me of a bibimbap bowl but mellowed down so all can enjoy it. An over easy egg on top made it a hit. 
Dungeness crab sticky rice: crab was fresh and flavorful, fried rice was basic not much flavor. 

Bento box dessert: the passion fruit ice cream cone was amazing but the rest lacked flavor. The Carmel's where burned, the coconut dipped in dark chocolate lacked any flavor at all but the tart was delicious. 

5-spice donuts: definitely a hit, loved each one and the cream was lovely. 

All in all the when it comes to Asian Fusion this place was much more American flavors than Asian.
Okay first and foremost, the setup and the ambiance in this place is truly amazing! The menu is great as well as the drinks menu and our waiter was very polite and made sure that me and my girlfriend had the best of service. The lobster fried rice and the chocolate bento box is all I will say for this visit!! Lol!! Btw, just be prepared to pay for valet parking as parking near the restaurant is virtually impossible.
This is hands down the best dining experience I've had in Philadelphia in the 6 years I've lived here. From the drinks to the unique food options to the impeccable service, it was a delight from start to finish. If you want to feel like royalty for a few hours, come here. The cost is worth it. Also, if you're a vegetarian like me, you will not be disappointed. Be sure to ask for the tofu buns. They are not on the menu but they make them special for vegetarian diners and they were divine. I am so happy I took my boyfriend here for his birthday - it was a night to remember!! They have very safe and cozy outdoor seating and do temperature checks. I can't wait to dine inside and see the interior that everyone raves about once I feel safe doing so. Go Buddakan!!
Buddakan never disappoints!  This is an oldie but a goodie. People seem to forget about this place. I know we did. But the place was packed and the food was excellent. 

Our server, Brandon greeted us right away and took our drink order. A few minutes later we were digging into our King Crab Tempura. Generous portions of king crab inside crunchy tempura with a touch of heat. Our Sweet & Crispy Jumbo shrimp was even better. We shared the Korean Beef Fried Rice and the curried cauliflower. 

Buddakan is still as good as any restaurant in Philly.
Yikes. This overly hyped restaurant is not worth your time, tastebuds or $$. From poor service to barely edible food, this establishment's attempts to put a spin on Asian cuisine is flawed in every possible way. 

We had a reservation at 9:15 pm on a Friday. I know, tragic. The entrance was crowded and 6 hostess' stood behind their stand taking directions from one. We came in at 9:10 pm & was told our table was ready and they'd seat us shortly. By 9:40, after standing around and getting bumped into by every other hostess we were finally seated. So much for reservations - sigh. 

Our server was kind but skeptical to even serve us food. Three Asian girls amongst a restaurant full of patrons who believed that this establishment's cuisine is SO delish. 

We tried the following: 

Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls ($16): 3 tiny deep fried spring rolls stuffed with a cold tuna tartare. This, although overly priced was the only edible shared plate we all could eat without downing wine or water to muddle the taste. 

Crispy Calamari Salad ($24): An over powering sweet miso dressing is tossed with tiny chopped up pieces of romaine lettuce & red cabbage & overly salted & super oily, deep fried calamari. I questioned every time I chomped on a lettuce if it was water or oil. Who knows. 

Dim Sum Sampler ($21): Honestly, it's just terrible dumplings in a dim sum container. Yikes. The pork dumpling I had was dowsed in soy sauce and over powered the meat so I can't say what it actually tasted like, but I know it was so salty I gulped down a whole glass of water. The "popular" edamame dumplings were mixed with all kinds of ricotta cheese and whatnot, making it unpleasantly fatty, mushy and gross. The shrimp dumpling had an odd cold center. 

Black Pepper Beef ($30): No one at the table could eat this bc it was so, overly salty even after downing two glasses of wine. I wouldn't want to know what this tasted like sober. We asked for medium and some of the meat was rare inside. To top it off, the only to make it partially edible was to cut off the sides of the meat that was SO overly drowned in some sort of play on Chinese take out Black Pepper Steak sauce, gone wrong. 

Shrimp Lo Mein ($23): Cellophane like noodles mixed with a, you guessed it, OVERLY salty sauce. This dish was destroyed before it had a chance to survive. I wish they had used the lo mein noodles bc it would have probably made the dish a bit less salty. 


We couldn't necessarily make comments to our server as for some reason, he was never around.. yikes. 

Think of Buddakan as Chinese take out gone wrong, placed in an over priced restaurant. I highly do not recommend. 

Thank you, next.
