Let's taco bout some of the great things that are happening here:

-FREE beer while you wait! (The cups are tiny but it tastes so free).
- 9 different types of tacos, all delicious (gotta try them all!).
- Friendly service and some sort of frequent buyer system that involves $10 off your next visit just for giving your phone number, or the waitress was hitting on my friend in a very calculated way.  
- Prickly Pear Margaritas and Popsicles that I need to try next time. 
-Great new spot on that newly weirdly hip Callowhill strip, don't forget to hit up Whirled Peace for dessert.
-All the fish tacos come either beer battered or tequila glazed, topped with jicama slaw, avocado, chipotle remoulade,  and red cabbage, but they all taste totally different?! Magic. 
- The meat tacos have different toppings (whattup pineapple salsa!) But the fish tacos are really where it's at. 
-Full from 3 tacos (technically 9, but we meticulously split each one so it worked out to 3 each) for $11 including tax and tip. 
-Fast casual atmosphere with lots of seating and even some outdoor seating.  They were at capacity when we first got here but I'm SO glad we waited it out. 

And without further ado here is my definitive ranking of all of the tacos:
1. Shrimp (glazed, I'm just as surprised as you are)
2. Mahi (glazed, so fresh and so good) 
3. Carnita (pineapple!) 
4. Mahi (fried)
5. Perch (fish of the day glazed) 
6. Perch (fried) 
7. Pollo (a bit messy but worth it)
8. Shrimp (fried- as my friend said,  this tastes like a state fair) 
9. Carne (good,  but not as good as the others, skip it)

Worth the trek north of Market. I know it feels far but it's really not. You'll really be wishing for that taco emoji to tell all your friends about this place.
I probably (definitely) made some mistakes with my first Buena Onda experience. For starters, I didn't actually check them out in-person; I ordered delivery from a service. Second, I didn't order tacos. What was I honestly thinking?! 

So while this review is strictly for my delivery experience, I'm confident that I'll stop in for the real deal experience soon.

That said, my meal was solid. I ordered tortilla soup and a chop salad with chicken. The soup serving was pretty small. But, with a thick broth that was chock full of chicken and avocado, it was actually pretty filling. The salad presented really well - the veggies were super fresh and there was a very nice sized serving of sliced, grilled, seasoned chicken. The chicken was a little bit dry, and I definitely was not crazy about the sweet taste of the cotija lime dressing. Also, the tortilla strips that topped both the soup and salad were quite hard/chewy - I had to be cautious because of my sensitive teeth. 

Clearly, Buena Onda is all about the taco experience, and I definitely went way off the grid with my order. Next time, I'm in it for the tacos and I'll surely update my review once that experience takes place.
Why there is no "Buena Onda" in every single neighborhood ???? Why Jose Garces? Whyyyyyy?

Yesterday, my taste buds had an accent. A Mexican accent, aside of my original accent - of course. From tortilla soup to quesadillas with pollo adobado, don't we all have a favorite taco. Buena Onda was love at the first bite, under the Cancun sun without leaving Philadelphia ... because I can never have too much taco. You, too, should have yourself a taco moment, Mahi Mahi or Jumbo shrimp, complete with chipotle remoulade, avocado, red cabbage & jícama slaw, in house made flour tortilla.
If you haven't try Buena Onda, you're missing out.

Buena Onda, is very much BuzzWORTHable.
Five Yelps
I've been here a few times with my boyfriend. The fried shrimp tacos are my favorite each time. I tried the fried fish tacos, but they tasted a little fishy to me so I just stick to the shrimp. The nachos aren't anything special. They have weekday specials like $2 chicken tacos and $5 margaritas on specific days. There's a full bar also, so it's nice to grab a few tacos and a beer or two :) friendly staff and clean restaurant/bathrooms. Will definitely be back!
My friends and I have been talking about this place all week and today was finally the day. 

I walked into Buena Onda with my mind set on fish tacos. As I walked in I was greeted by a large menu board with many options that I almost deviated from my original plan. However, I managed to stick with my original options. As I am reading the board the young lady asked me if I would like a sample of K38, their own special libation courtesy of Yards. If most places did this, waiting in line would never be stressful situation. The place does get packed. My friends and I managed to get there just as the long line started to form but many of the tables were still full. Hanging out by the soda fountain machine I managed to snag a table for my party of five...drumroll... (Joke for those of you old enough to remember) as one group started to get their refills for the road.  

I decided on 4 Mahi Mahi tacos; 2 grilled and 2 fried. The tacos were on point! The fried mahi-mahi was cooked perfectly and satisfied that crunch I crave in my fish tacos. The tequila lime glazed tacos were probably some of the best grilled tacos I've had in this area.  Of course I had to experiment with the different salsas on the table. The tacos were good just the way they were served, but the roasted pepper salsa and the salsa verde was just another level of flavor that worked with the collaboration of goodness already neatly placed between those flour tortillas. 

If the time on the parking meter wasn't expiring, I probably would have been back in line ordering a shrimp taco and a pork taco which members of my party vouched for, and devoured. At $3.50 a taco there is no explanation to leave Buena Onda still hungry. It is going to be on next trip.
I am way overdue on an upgrade to Buena Onda. We order lunch or dinner from them pretty regularly, and it's rare that I receive an order that I'm not happy with, though it does occasionally happen. Thankfully, our orders are on point more often than not.

One thing Buena Onda does better than most of its competitors is packaging. Tacos arrive in grooved cardboard containers that keep the tacos from spilling all over. We enjoy the fish and shrimp tacos but have tried many of the others as well. 

Recently, buena bowls have been added to the menu, and they are great! So far, I've tried one with tofu chorizo and one with shrimp. Both were excellent and kept me full all day, which is what I want out of a healthy(ish) lunch. 

I have been pretty disappointed by the serving sizes of the guacamole and salsa, which come at standard restaurant prices but really small portions. Nonetheless, I love Buena Onda for quick and easy Mexican food, delivered to my front door.
The atmosphere is pretty chill, and the staff is very nice and polite. 

We ordered a tofu taco for me and a fish taco for Hannah. Liam wanted soft serve ( dulce de leche, niceeeee!!) 

The tofu taco was great, I love how everything can be made veggie ( with tofu ) and upon mentioning that I am gluten intolerant , the person behind the counter informed me that their marinades have a by of soy sauce and that she would have them make it without that. I love when the staff is super knowledgable and don't have to ask someone else for details about the products they serve. 

The tacos were tasty , the tofu alone seemed a bit bland because well, it had nothing on it. The accompanying sides on the taco were tasty and helped tremendously. 

The soft serve was do it yourself ( meaning Liam got a lot for the 3$ that it cost ) not sure if you can go back for more once you're done like you can with like drinks. 

They serve alcohol ( lots o tequila !!! ) 

I'm in, I'll definitely check this place out again.
(to the tune of Niall Horan's "Slow Hands")

She said "Dinner by the parkway."
So I took the bus all the way.
Cause I'm craving guac
and I just can't stop.
I've been thinking 'bout it all day
Tacos sitting in my bell-ay.
Batter fry those fish
Put them on my dish, baby

My hands
Got sauce dripping down, but I'm not stopping.
No chance
That I won't pick back up that bite I'm dropping
I know
Yeah, I already know I want another
I got big plans for tacos
in my hands, baby.

Good tacos (fish is totally worth the extra 50 cents), great guac (steep price made more clear by the HUGE portion size), and their fountain soda is fancy AF. Garces does a bang-up job, typically.

Friend got a salad topped with "shrimp" (extra $5) and got 5 individual shrimp. A dollar per shrimp feels a little silly, they were very petite. We ordered some sides, too, which weirdly came about 7 minutes before our taco entrees with our guac - would prefer them to come simultaneously, as they were hot and cooled down a bit by taco time.
It's a well-known fact in Philly, and across the country for that matter, that Garces does tacos well. Buena Onda is no exception. 

I was lucky enough to be able to swing by on opening day, not wait in a long line and be able to grab a table. Although if I did have to wait in a long line, it would have been okay because they hand out a sample of Yards K38 to each guest. Never heard of K38 before? That's because Yards is cool like that and made it specifically for Buena Onda. 

I typically like a margarita with my tacos (which they have 4 varieties of) but I found the K38 to be a nice, refreshing pale ale that complimented Mexican food well. 

So you wait in line, order and pay for your food at the counter, are given an order number card and pop a squat at a table or counter. Food and beverage is then brought to your table once it's ready. Forget to order a beverage or want another? The servers have you covered. There's no need to wait in the line again to order a drink. You can also head up to the bar to order a beverage. 

This is generally a good concept for a quicker dining restaurant however there were a few flaws in the system. I dined with two friends and we each placed our own order. One friend's order came out very quickly and the other's came out when we were almost done eating. There certainly is a convenience to being able to order and pay for your own meal, but it's not as conducive to dining with others if you do want to eat at the same time. The manager acknowledged the delay of my one friend's order and comped our table another round of beers, which was a very nice gesture. Let's chalk this up to opening day growing pains and move on. 

So you want to hear about the tacos, huh? I went with the mahi mahi, fish of the day (perch) and shrimp- all prepared with the tequila lime glaze. Each taco came in a flour tortilla with chipotle remoulade, avocado, red cabbage and jicama slaw. Unfortunately when the food came out, the tacos either weren't identified or I just spaced out and missed it. I wasn't quite sure which one was the mahi mahi and which was the perch. In any case they were both large pieces of clearly fresh and nicely prepared fish. My shrimp taco came with three pieces of mid-sized shrimp. Each taco was stuffed to the brim and dripping with flavorful goodness. Pro tip: before you sit down grab a bunch of napkins and forks for your table. These tacos get a little messy and you will need them. 

Each table had a container of salsa verde and a more spicy roasted pepper salsa. I added both to all three of my tacos and they were a great compliment. 

My friend and I also split the guacamole. The guac was topped with Cotija cheese and came in a decent sized basket of chips. The guac to chip ratio was a little low, but the salsas on the table helped cover the extra chips. The guac itself was clearly fresh and the chunks of avocado were fairly massive. The chips were crispy, but a little flimsy which presented an issue in scooping this chunky guacamole. I enjoyed the small pieces of onion that were found throughout the guacamole. 

With our extra comped beverage, we ended up staying at the table longer than we had planned. We were able to see the ebb and flow of the crowds. All and all, people moved through fairly quickly. Every 20-30 minutes there'd be a rush and the line would be long, but then shortly after the line would be a few people deep. It didn't seem like there was a problem with anyone securing some sort of seat, whether it be table or booth. 

The prices per items seem fairly low at first ($3.50 for a fish taco, $4.50 for a beer, $7.50 for the guacamole to split for the group). However, if you come hungry your bill will rack up quickly. I came fairly hungry and it took all three tacos, a sample of beer, two full beers and a portion of chips & guacamole to fully satiate that hunger. After tax and tips, my order was just shy of $30. That's not bad for a meal by any means, but as I said it racked up quickly. 

Overall, I'm happy to have Buena Onda in the neighborhood. As long as I'm not famished, I can definitely see it as a great place to grab a quick drink and a great taco.
Fact: fish tacos are delicious. Opinion: Fish tacos at Buena Onda are especially delicious.

This fast-food taco joint is a little sterile inside, but the tiny bar and beer samples can get anyone in the mood. I usually have three tacos here ($3-4 ea), and one of them is always a fried shrimp taco. On this masterpiece, two jumbo shrimp are lightly battered and fried to perfection. They are accompanied by a creamy chipotle aioli that negates he need for extra salsa. Pickled red cabbage, jicama, and a slice of avocado round out this taco, which is a piece of heaven on a tortilla.

On the whole, the vegetable ingredients are super fresh, but the meat can occasionally be a bit dry (which can be remedied with some of the housemate salsa). The margaritas are also spot on here and go very well with whatever you plan to order.

This joint is the perfect stop for lunch or a quick meal before a night on the town. Once again, Garces Group can do no wrong.
I have heard about this taqueria and I am also a fan of Jose Garces' other restaurants.  I came another time before I decided to review and this visit solidified that this is a good 4-star place.  The reason I don't have any pictures with my review is that each time I have been here - I am so eager to eat the food when it hits the table -it is straight in my mouth...LOL

This visit was all about the tacos.  Me and my friend decided to have the fish, shrimp, chicken tacos and rice and refried beans.  What always stands out in JG's restaurants are the flavors that dance in your mouth.  Sure - it's tacos - but how do you make them stand out - the sauce!  Oh yeah - the sauces on the tacos were GREAT!  The rice and beans had the right consistency and made a good side dish.  

The prices for the food are more than reasonable.  The staff were attentive and responsive to requests.  You may ask - why 4 vs. 5 stars - this is a family friendly place and each time I was here - the noise levels get loud and the kids are running around - usually without re-direction.  Easy folks - no backlash - I love the kids-but I also like a little peacefulness when enjoying good food :-)
This is a pretty good taco place in the Callowhill/Fairmount area! I have lived in this area for years, so this has become a go-to spot. Depending on the time of day, Buena Onda can get REALLY busy. Service can be a little slow, but the people are really nice. 

My favorite dish here is definitely the grilled mahi mahi tacos. Would definitely recommend getting the fish grilled, as opposed to fried. The fish is fresh and perfectly cooked and is presented with a slice of fresh avocado and pickled cabbage on top. It comes with a delicious spicier sauce on the bottom that you can actually ask for extra sides of (at no cost!). My second favorite here would be the grilled shrimp tacos, which also come with that delicious sauce. The prices are a little more expensive, compared to other local taco joints in Philly. However, you are getting great quality food.
Popped into this joint to eat before going to the Franklin Institute. It was close and in a low key situation tucked behind the library. Upon first getting there, I did notice how cramped it was on the inside. I was there on a Tuesday night and there was nowhere to sit, so I can see it being impossible to take a seat in there on a Friday or Saturday. I'm only assuming that they have takeout, and if they do, I'd say do that versus trying to eat in. It is clean though. No empty dishes sit around for very long at all, as they have someone promptly cleaning up everything the second people are done.
The menu is small. That didn't bother me, but with a small menu comes big expectations. I feel like things should be executed amazingly if you aren't juggling a lengthy list of things to make. I ordered the "fish taco of the month," which was a chile swordfish. I only ordered one, being they were $4.50 a pop. I also ordered some chips and guac. Everyone else I was with ordered quesadillas. They also serve beer and other libations for you drinkers out there. I even saw an option for soft serve ice cream. The four of us split two and two. The total being about 25 dollars for two of us, which I thought was a little crazy for what we ordered, but I minded my comments until I saw and tasted the food. We were given a number so the employees could drop our food to us when it was finished. Boom.
Food came out pretty quick. My taco was good. It wasn't great or mind blowing, but I did like it. It was very small, as well as the piece of fish on there. People kept telling me to go get another one since it wasn't much, but the price just wasn't really worth it to me. The chips were okay. I will speak volumes about that guac though. Super chunky and super delicious. I could have eaten that with a spoon. I tasted one of the chicken quesadillas, which was pretty good as well. 

Overall... not a bad experience at all. It just wasn't the best thing in the world either, and I kind of felt indifferent about it when I left.
Can every Mexican restaurant please take some cues from Jose Garces on how to construct a perfect frozen Margarita?  I thought my beloved Distrito margaritas were unmatched but the frozen Prickly Pear at Buena Onda was PERFECTION.  It struck the balance of sweetness, icy goodness, and nuanced prickly pear flavor.  The tacos are also excellent.  Each iteration of fish taco was great and the carnitas were also quite good.  

This place is great for some casual food and excellent margaritas.
Ah finally a ,gourmet fish taco place!  Only problem is that the portion of fish, in my case Mahi Mahi, was painstakingly rationed.  Each taco is approximately two, maybe three, bites for someone possessing an average adult sized mouth.  After eating my two fish tacos, I had to order a chicken quesadilla to fulfill my appetite.  Be prepared to spend around $18 per person if you want to be actually full.  The Quesadilla was OK for $9.  Also a little on the small side.  City View Pizza on spring garden st. makes the best Chicken Quesadilla, about 4 x bigger than this one and only $8.00
Tasty lil babies. I could take down many many of these mahi tacos, easily, but I settle for three instead of seven because A, we're in public, and B, these run $3.50 each... And the day I drop over $25 on a slew of tacos it will be from the privacy of my own home through some kinda covert delivery situation in which, upon opening the door to receive said feast, I yell over my shoulder, "Hey! The tacos are here, guys!" as if we have a crew over and it's not just me and the ole babycakes at home. Ahem, anyway, that's just my taco gluttony talkin. Point is, I like these here mahi mahi tacos a lot, whether crispy batter-fried or tequila-lime glazed, and they incite in me a potential for feeding frenzy.

The fish tastes super freshy. Nestled in their soft homemade flour tortillas, they're topped with avocado, chipotle remoulade, and a touch of red cabbage and jicama slaw. They're tasty business just like dat, but I extra enjoy the fact that each table comes with a set of little ceramic jars of Buena Onda's own red and green salsas for yo tacos. If I've said it once, I've said it a thousand times; I'm an extra salsa type o cat. I like to sauce with abandon, and both roja y verde are dope.

I also love that Buena Onda's fast casual scene features free flowin' Boylan's sodas from a self-serve fountain. All the black cherry soda you can drink is danger to my, "I gave up soda," gimmick. Right out the window. That Boylan's is the good shiz. But then, so are classic margaritas, or frozen prickly pear margaritas if you're needing some tequila for your afternoon.
And I so often am.

In summary: Yay fish tacos! I'm a fan of Chef Garces' Baja-inspired, easy-goin taqueria. Anytime I'm in the area it gets me thinkin taco thoughts.

Added note: Speakin of being in the area, Buena Onda is an excellent spot in which to refuel your taco tank after basking for hours in the beauty of The Barnes Collection, which is right across the street.
First off, the service was great, who can complain about free beer, fast service, and friendly faces? The food is a different story. I will say as a south Texan and former so-cal resident, my bar is set pretty high for good tacos & nachos but I am open minded and willing to grade on a sliding scale (Especially up here in the northeast where they grow up eating stuff like cheez whiz on ground steak'um). However the food here was meh, bordering on completely tasteless. Except for the nachos, those were super hot, but the tear- producing and not in a joyous way, kind of spicy. Also for nine dollars the nachos were seriously lacking in size and toppings. The mahi tacos were fresh but bland and the pear margarita did not taste like it had any alcohol in it. The street corn was decent. Also where the heck were the limes for anything? 
All in all thought the pricing was high, while portions and taste were not justifiable of the $. There are just too many other tastier, cheaper, bigger bang for your buck alternatives in the city to recommend this place. I know it's the first week open so I take that into consideration but 1st impression was underwhelming.
More like 3.5...but I'll bump it to a 4. Fast service. Lots of seating including some outside. Would definitely return for more and try other things out
Chicken - very moist and flavorful
Pork - dry and our least favorite
Beef - nice, tender chunks of beef
Grilled shrimp - Cooked well and delicious. My fav
Grilled fish - fish itself was a bit bland, just okay.
Retried beans had good flavor, but was more puréed and liquified than I personally like.
I'll be back.
Meh. Pennsylvania tacos for a Pennsylvania palate. It's not awful but I'd rather go to Taco Riendo for real tacos that aren't bland. I'm not trying to be insulting when I write that some of my friends from this town like really mild food- this is a taco place for them. 
I'm from a mostly Mexican neighborhood back home in California. We like our tacos off a truck where you can buy goat carnitas. If you're like me- keep moving.
I sat at Buena Onda's small bar inside, and had a fantastic first impression!  Not only were the tacos amazing, but the sweet little bartender was so much fun, and she MADE my visit!!  

First of all, free samples of BEER while you wait!  Genious!  I sat at the bar and ordered some beers and tacos.  The awesome bartender was shaking up some delicious looking cocktails, so of course I was asking her about each one.  I found out they home-make their tamarind juice, she let me sample. It was the best damn tamarind I've ever tasted.  So of course, I had her mix me up a cocktail with tequila and tamarind with a splash of soda for some sizzle.  Yumm it was bangin. 

Tacos arrived, at only a few bucks a piece, I got 3 different kinds.  The mahi mahi was amazing, probably the best one and I'm not usually a fish taco fan.  The guac and slaw on it was the perfect topping.  Sooo good.  The carnitas tacos were also my favorite, so tender and juicy, with pineapple and black beans. Loved it!  My least favorite (but also very delicious) was the shrimp tacos. There was a heavier creamy sauce on the shrimp that wasn't my favorite, but the taco was still awesome. 

Amazing tacos, fast service, kickass bartender, free beer samples, can't beat it!  Gotta go back for more, those tacos are addicting!
Hands down my favorite place to get tacos in the city. I've ordered take out so many times from this place but I have to say it's so much better when you   Eat it fresh there. The atmosphere is great in their restaurant and the staff are really nice and friendly. It is a little pricy for a fast casual place BUT in my opinion it's so worth it because the food is so consistently a 5/5. 

We ordered guac/chips, chicken bowl, carne taco and fish tacos. 

The guac and chips are always a great start. It's not huge but it's perfect to share between two people. Their bowls are great - filled with so much (rice, queso, sour cream, pico) and they're so filling. The carne taco is my favorite and the fish taco is my boyfriends favorite. 

Another plus about this place is that they serve alcohol. A frozen margarita from here will hit any craving you're having.

All in all, you really can't go wrong with anything you order at buena onda!
Go for Happy Hour or the weekly specials.The shrimp tacos, baja margs, and the esquites are my favorites. The salsas are great too. Be sure to sign up for their loyalty club and get $10 off after your first purchase!
Maybe it's because I'm in my 50's (though I did take one my 20-somethings, too), or maybe it's because I was there two weeks after they opened -- but, meh.  The servers were friendly and well-meaning, but not very good.  The food portions were small and relatively expensive.  The food was fine -- nothing special.  And the music was way too loud!

Maybe I'll give it another chance, since I see so many positive reviews.  Maybe they needed some time to work out the bugs?
Not bad, clean, restaurant. Food wasn't as great for me as some of these other reviews suggest. Quite expensive when all said and done...two people was $50 for us...salad was solid and tacos just OK. Will not go back but good to know in an emergency
So Buena Onda has a fun and casual quick atmosphere. We made one order and then went back for seconds. First we had guac which was delicious but a little on the smaller side for portion sizes. I loved that there was a heap of cheese mixed in. For tacos we had a bunch of glazed Mahi Mahi and tofu. These tacos were out of this world. The sauces were incredible, the fish/tofu was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I eat tofu often, but I can't say that I love it. Let's just say that Buena Onda made me love tofu! These tacos weren't authentic by any means with flour tortillas. However, that didn't matter at all. There was a deal or happy hour going for sangrias so we picked up one of those too.

They also have a 10$ off deal for your next visit if you sign up for their rewards thing.
So glad this place opened in the neighborhood.  I have been here quite a few times now for lunch and dinner and it is consistently delicious. The best deal is to just get a whole bunch of all the delicious tacos.  The mahi mahi and carne are my favorite!
Everything is delicious, but for some reason everything has some wheat on it, if not wheat then beer. some advice to the chef - Pouring beer over pork has never made it taste any different (the pork fat overpowers the beer flavor unless your slow cooking it in a gallon of beer). All you get by using beer is make a lot of people sick. If you truly want the pork flavor to pop I'd recommend a sour red wine or some apple cider vinegar. If people want beer they aren't going to be looking for it in meat.
So delicious!!!!
And so awesome that this is only a few blocks from where I live.

I had the mahi mahi tacos (apparently their signature tacos), the carnitas and the grilled shrimp. I couldn't even tell you my favorite because I inhaled all three and loved every bite. 

They also have a Yards beer that isn't even available at the brewery? I hope I got that right... They gave out free samples and that was also very good.

Overall I am very excited this is in my neighborhood and it'll definitely be a part of my weekly dinner rotation.
NOTE: This review is for delivery only.

What does it take for me to be (culinarily) happy? An abundance of thick cut, crunchy, salty tortilla chips and a deceptively large amount of guacamole.

And that's exactly what I got from Buena Onda.

Friends and I were far too busy to schedule a meal and we needed something to tide us over until much later in the evening, so we ordered from Buena Onda through a third party delivery service (it came in a pretty timely fashion).

I was THRILLED that they had vegetarian options that wasn't just the boring beans and rice option:
Guacamole ($7.50): As I mentioned above, there's a lot more in the bowl than it might seem. Not sure the cotija cheese is needed on the top because the guac is flavorful as is. I regret not just eating it with a spoon (but I was in polite company and didn't want them to realize just how much I love avocados). 
Salsa Mexicana ($4): a more liquidy version of a traditional salsa as we might know it from the grocery store and it had a serious kick. Absolutely worth it! (Dunk your tortilla in the salsa then the guac... and thank me later.)
Tofu Tacos ($4): the tacos are small, so I'm glad I got two (and truth be told, I probably could have eaten four or six). It's a long - for lack of a better word - "tube" of tofu (I got it grilled with the tequila sauce, but I think you can also get it fried - regardless, it doesn't taste "tofuy" if you know what I mean) in a tortilla with chipotle remoulade, avocado, red cabbage, and jicama slaw. Flavorful! Give me another... with a margarita.

Anyway, I would definitely order from them again for second breakfast or second lunch. As a full meal? Maybe not, but definitely for one of those Pooh approved mid-meals!
Tacos, by no means authentic, but exactly what I would expect and not mad about it. I had the fish tacos and shrimp tacos and both had a good combination of flavors. We also tried the chips and guac which was my favorite part. The chips tasted fresh and homemade! We wanted to try some of the drinks but apparently their alcohol license was being renewed. The cashier was real polite and apologetic about it and gave us a free fountain drink and he also gave us free samples, so I would say they handles the situation pretty well. 

I would definitely swing by here again for some tacos.
Buena Onda has some tacos deliciosos.  You'll find a variety of tacos, all equally delicious and well balanced.  The guac was not bad but the quesadillas took the queso (cheese) portion of the name a little too literally and were a bit too cheesy and thus bland.  The line can be a bit long but it goes quick and the beer samples actually make waiting in line an almost enjoyable experience.
Buena Onda is a delicious, although a little pricey, treat to Philadelphia.  After eating here a half dozen times, I can say that the fish and shrimp are consistently fresh and cooked just right - tender, flakey fish and shrimp bursting with flavor and texture.  I've also grown fond of the pork quesadillas filled with rice and tons of ooey gooey cheese.  You made need a napkin to soak up some of the excess grease on the bottom so that you have a perfectly crispy shell to bite into.   And of course, that red sauce - put that stuff on everything!
Let's taco 'bout Buena Onda. 

All puns aside, this is a cute, modern taco place with a surprisingly extensive drink menu! They offer four different types of margaritas as well as beer, wines, and aguas frescas (and soda). Although our group did not partake, the table next to us kept the margs flowing and they seemed to be enjoying them. 

I got the fried fish taco and the grilled shrimp taco. Both were served with flour tortillas and topped with red cabbage slaw, avocado, and a chipotle sauce.

What I liked: the shrimp taco was well seasoned and flavorful. You could also tell that they fry the fish when you order, as it was still warm and crispy. They also pack a ton into the tacos, so they definitely did not skimp on toppings. 

What I didn't like: the fish taco on the other hand, was rather plain. The cabbage and chipotle sauce added some good flavor, but it was also just a giant piece of unseasoned fried fish. It could use some more of the chipotle sauce. 

I wish there was also the option to customize the type of tortilla you want, as the regular tacos (pollo, carnitas, and carne) came with corn tortillas and the seafood tacos came with flour tortillas.
I never felt so berated at a dining experience in a purportedly civilized laid back atmosphere with no apology from the person who took our order. I waited 30 minutes for 3 simple tacos when there was only one person ahead of us which got their order much earlier. This was on a cold slow Friday not rush hour afternoon. You'd think you can get serviced quicker.

I came here one afternoon bc my good friend urged me to come here many times to try it out. But she's a deal seeker, so I wasn't sure if she liked this place only bc it seems to be cost friendly in this area or it's truly good. So I came here after going to the museums w my senior parents, who were starving to death.

We placed our orders. The place was almost empty except a lady eating a salad and a family who came and ordered after me. This family got their meal way ahead of me. So my parents was confused but I thought maybe our order was too complicated for them? We only ordered 3 simple tacos, so I was like stop having a soft spot to small businesses and excusing them all the time for small hiccups.

A few minutes later our waitress asked us if we got our order. It was so clear we looked hungry and was waiting for our food. There was no apology from the waitress. I told her to cancel my order and offer a refund. I wasn't going to risk the kitchen staff getting angry and taking it out on my food. There seem to be arguments back there over this slippage and I was starting to worry, I don't want any problems. The lady dining there next to us said her salad took forever and she didn't understand but seems like there are problems w the kitchen.

A man did come to us and apologized with a credit back to my credit card. But it was only for the tacos and not for the $4 soda I bought to eat w the tacos which I wouldn't have gotten if I wasn't eating there.

*** this restaurant asks people to pay a tip immediately upon purchasing their food before they even get serviced food or anything else. This is unethical to me. How can you pay a tip ahead of time when you don't know what kind of service to expect? ***

 I hate giving 1 star reviews and I really wanted to like this place. But never again. I wasted altogether around 30-40 minutes of precious time whilst I was on leave.

As an excellent alternative (should have been my first choice but I wanted to try out new places), I walked down a street to my reliable Sabrina's Cafe and ordered their yummy Mahi Fish Tacos.
Awesome tacos! I got the shrimp and mahi mahi tacos (grilled) and they were great. I also split the guac with my boyfriend. AS a girl I suggest getting 2 and something small or 3 will fill you. Everything was fresh and the staff were awesome! The only thing is that the guac is a little over priced for what it is and I could have used a little more shrimp in my taco. I will be returning!
Finally, a much needed taco place in Philadelphia and by Jose Garces too! 
Buena Onda has an awesome vibe when you walk on. We had some free beers to try while we waited in line... Automatic win in my book! 
Awesome, friendly employees brought out our food. We had chicken, fish of the day, and mahi mahi tacos. Everything had a unique flavor profile with super fresh ingredients. 
Fantastic causal, quick food with an upscale twist. I'll be back for sure. We need more places like this in every neighborhood!
The tacos here are really delicious. I got the shrimp taco (not fried) and the fried fish taco. I especially liked the shrimp. I also got the rose sangria, which was not as good. It didn't have a lot of flavor but maybe I'm just partial to a deeper red sangria.

It's nice to enjoy the Garces name in a fast casual environment that's trendy and simple. You get in line, order, and your food/drinks are brought out. However, it's still pretty expensive with tiny tacos at 4 and cocktails at 8, and the interior felt a little cafeteria-ish.

Overall I liked it for the yummy tacos, but wasn't in love with the overall vibe!
Giving this place 5 stars if you order any of their seafood tacos - mahi mahi, fish of the day (currently perch), and shrimp! Get em deep fried or tequila lime glazed! Everything tastes fresh and highly recommend adding their green sauce condiment (found on all the tables) to the tacos which gives the taste buds an extra pop of flavor! I personally like the shrimp deep fried and fish tequila lime glazed.  

Their carnitas taco is very juicy as well compared to other taco joints/restaurants, but for the slightly higher price and slightly smaller portions, I only come here for their seafood tacos.  

The free small cup of IPA beer before you order and nice loyalty program, where signing up gets you $10 off your next meal and $1 off every 25 dollars you spend adds extra value to this place.  

Kudos to their friendly staff and relaxed, tropical feeling restaurant decor - will be back soon!
Tried this Mexican place for the first time via UberEATS. We ordered the chicken quesadilla, chicken tacos, fish tacos and guacamole. The crowd favorites were the quesadilla and the tacos but both would have tasted better with a side of salsa or hot sauce. Just a tip for the hot sauce lovers- when ordering in, make sure you ask them to include it in your order! The guacamole was very underwhelming as portion size was very small for the price. 

We ate it so fast that I couldn't even snag any food pictures, so I guess that's a good sign. I'd definitely be back for the tacos but this time I'll dine in to check out the cool vibes.
Buena Onda is absolute baller. Want a midday visit to margaritaville? They've got you covered!!

I stopped in with my bff for a cookie-baking break - aka late lunch and splitting a mango margarita. Food: ace.  Margie: ace.  Bartender refilling our glasses when he "made too much": A++.  Did we leave feeling a liiittle too tipsy? Maaaaybe. 

Of course, I've stopped in for takeout many times since I live a few blocks away, and you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The seasonal taco never disappoints, and the tuna dip is my fave. But nothing beats the fast casual margie experience!
This review is solely for the delivery service, as I have yet to venture up here to dine in. 

I'll give them the benefit of the doubt because sometimes, certain foods just aren't meant to be delivered.  You have to experience it in person.  With that said, my tacos were straight up soggy by the time I got them.  The wait time for delivery wasn't bad at all, don't get me wrong- it's just that the soft flour tortilla shells couldn't hold up to all the fillings inside.  I actually haven't had a taco in a flour tortilla in ages- I've found that the taqueria tradition of two corn tortillas works best in both holding up its own weight and in flavor and I was little saddened to find out that I was just getting a lifeless flour tortilla.

We got a variety of tacos- shrimp, mahi mahi, fish of the month (swordfish), and the pork, beef and chicken varieties.  The shrimp was a little under-seasoned (but there was plenty of it) and the slaw was super addicting and crunchy and the spicy chipotle mayo they put on it really amped up the flavor.  The swordfish was...interesting.  Some kind of black been puree was in there and it was super spicy- just not sure what flavor it exactly was.  The fried mahi mahi was too cold and mealy by the time I got to it- maybe fried foods aren't the best delivery item.  I didn't personally try the meat options, but my friends said the chicken and pork were good but that the beef was really the best out of all of them.  

The chips and salsa we ordered on the side was disappointing- the chips weren't those fresh, homemade tortilla chips you get at most taco joints but rather, Tostito's-style corn chips you can buy at any grocery store- and the salsa was pico de gallo, which is fine- but this one wasn't executed well and was basically just chopped tomatoes with barely any flavors.

Overall, the tacos are $3.50 to $4.50 a piece, which is kind of ridiculous when you can get 3 of them that are better and more authentic for $7.50 at the Taco Loco food truck instead.  If you're in the area and need a quick bite, it's not a bad idea and the portions/fillings are pretty hefty (as they should be at that price), but I'd probably go elsewhere if I had the choice.
In trying to rate Buena Onda, I kept thinking it *had to be* a 4-star place, but then I honestly couldn't think of anything negative about the place! It's quickly become one of our easy, affordable, and delicious go-to places since moving to Philly just over a month ago. 

The staff has always been really friendly, and the food generally comes out quickly. Things definitely slow down during busy times, but that's unsurprising. The space is probably just the right size for their smaller kitchen and staff, but may feel smaller if you're a customer, as the seats can fill up during peak times, and to-go orders can feel like they take a while. Fortunately, the type of food being served usually allows for quick turnover of tables, so you won't be stuck standing around for too long if you want to eat in. The atmosphere is fast casual, but they do bring your food out to you and bus your table if you're there long enough. 

I really enjoy the food. The meat is usually very tender and their corn tortillas are awesome, holding up really well to the moisture of the meat and the toppings. They even hold up when you get food to go (at least for 15 minutes or so). The tacos are well-balanced in terms of their contents, and for $3.50-4/taco, it's a really good deal! Their nachos are good, but are a lot larger than you might expect. I almost feel like they were too big for two people that also ordered a few tacos. I'd recommend adjusting your order accordingly if you order the nachos. The smoked tuna dip is good, as is the tortilla soup!

Overall, the fact that we continually go to Buena Onda says that it's doing something right. The staff is awesome, the food is consistently good, and the price points mean you can go regularly without breaking the bank. Buena onda, indeed!
Bueno Onda means "good vibes" and that's right on cue with the new Jose Garces. I loved every detail of the super laid back, casual taco joint...

The tunes, the white washed patterned concrete, the driftwood, the simple details on the tables, the beachy ombré wall hangings, the funky lighting, the old school records and vintage player, the service with a smile, the pop of color in the margs, the baskets the tacos are served in, the brewed just for them Yard samples you get while waiting in line. Loved it all. I definitely felt like I was in a little beach shack. Inexpensive and chill. 

My friends who I dined with when they first opened said they loved the chicken tacos and the other said the mahi fish were "on point". Hubs orders the fried fish and enjoys it a lot. I know it's a fish taco place but they do have veggie options such as a mildly spicy chorizo quesadilla. They have also, at one point created veggie tacos with mushrooms and beans and all the pretty fixings just for me. So don't be afraid to ask! . They were perfect. Great tortilla and yummy pretty little julienned radishes with just the right amount of cilantro. Top it with a helping of avocado. 

The prickly pear margaritas are a favorite! So awesome and oh so pretty and pink. 

All and all, a great experience each time. Super cute. Definitely a great addition to The Granary and Fairmount section in general. Makes me really miss living in that neighborhood.  

We always find 2 hr kiosk parking right out front fairly  easily. 

Fab Philly Mom says is a definite go with the kiddos!

Oh, and if they behave, maybe save some room for some dessert. They sell fruity Popsicles or head over to Whirled Peas a few shops down. Oh, yes we did. Haha dairy free flavors over there are lemon and tropical punch.
I use to go to this restaurant for lunch when I worked down the block. I would go for lunch and order tacos. I love the decor of the restaurant and the fact that it's a casual restaurant.
On Monday I went with a group of friends. We all ordered tacos with different sides. Only one person ordered chicken tacos instead of shrimp. Everyone loved their tacos. For sides we had the Salsa roja with chips, sweet plantains, and beans with rice. The frozen margaritas were so good. The right amount of alcohol made it enjoyable and not overbearing.
The cashier and the server were both welcoming and helpful.
Next time I'm in Philly I would definitely stop by again.
This place has the best shrimp tacos ever! I usually get them batter fried for additional texture, even though the tequila lime-glazed version is a very delicious, healthier alternative. I also love their carnitas and carne tacos, and the mysterious green and red sauces they have on the tables really add flavor no matter which tacos you add them to. 

Buena Onda is conveniently located near Logan Square - just a short walk from my office building. I can feel its "good vibes" all the way in Center City, especially when I think of the prospect of having tasty tacos inside my stomach. Although it's a bit too far of a walk for my lunch break, it's easily within reach for a light and delicious casual dinner. 

Although the line can go all the way out the door, and maybe even down the block, the more informal "eatery" aspect of this restaurant and quick food preparation keep the tables turning and the wait pretty reasonable. If you go there early, there is free beer while you wait in line. 

The food here definitely has a great price-to-quality ratio. Everything seems freshly made on premises and tastes very flavorful, thanks to Jose Garces's brilliant culinary ideas. The service is not always spotless, and I sometimes find large, chewy lumps of fat within the carnitas tacos, but overall, it's a great spot, and I will definitely be back. 


[P.S. Not to be a spelling Nazi, but can someone please correct the spelling of Lake Erie (not "Eerie") on the restaurant website? Third page, second subtitle, where there is information about where perch is from. It hurts my eyes every time I look at it.]
Buena Onda delivered to my expectations! Great tacos, especially the fried Atlantic Mahi Mahi (add a hit of hot sauce!) and Carnitas (adore Garces's pineapple and jícama slaw) and nachos (baked to the point at which some of the chips were very brown/crisped and the cheese crunchy, which some dinner mates adored). Loved the casual ambience and, as many have said, the free beer while in line made the wait bearable. Will definitely return when the craving for tacos hits!
I ventured to buena onda again. This time we ate in. 

Children's good is served on a keepsake frisbee. I thought this was pretty cool, as did my son. When you eat in, you're given a number dand then a staff member brings your food to your table once it comes out. They are however , NOT YOUR WAITSTAFF! So please be sure to clear your own trash from the tables. I saw a 5-6 person group leave all their things there and then when they realized, they were definitely rude about it. How do you think someone is supposed to clean up after your group and nobody even thinks to leave a tip? Smh 
 

My tacos were great, soft serve was great, but the kids nachos were very underwhelming. Literally chips with cheese, and that was it! They were pretty flavorless. 

As I said before, I'll definitely venture here again.
Being that I have no direct experience with the Baja Peninsula, I'm unable to comment on how near Buena Onda comes to whatever design and intended cuisine they were after.  What I can say is that I find the tacos to be delicious and while some may say that they are pricey, I think that money goes toward good ingredients and excellent preparation.

In the few times I've eaten here, I've ended up with two fish tacos and one carnitas.  I typically go for the fish of the day and the mahi, both grilled.  The three tacos come out on a platter in a small taco holder which keeps them together and makes them easier to eat.  They have great, fresh, citrusy flavors and while the tacos do drip a little bit when you bite into them I just let that fall onto the next taco I plan to eat.  Perhaps this is not a flaw after all.

A sample of beer can be had while you wait and they have a small draft selection if you so choose to partake.  I'm happy to see a place like this on Callowhill and I will be returning many times.
Well I was really excited to try this place. I'm a native of Southern California and very much a fan of Baja style Mexican eats. I haven't had a decent fish taco since I arrived on the east coast.

Today was a new day.  I had some pretty tasty tacos, albeit not quite what I was hoping for. THE white sauce,  the creamy cilantro sauce that makes a fish taco a fish taco...not around. I feel like this place puts out a good product, but not the taste from back home. It tries to do too much. Just the white sauce and the cabbage man. Simple is good.

I also got a chicken taco that was pretty disappointing, using stewed chicken in place of pollo asado. Que lastima!

This place just tries too hard. Oh they have aquas frescas, but no horchata, no pina, no fresa. They do have jamaica and tamarind though which I didnt try. They did have a delicious Boylan soda fountain with a terrific cream soda, although I wish there was jarritos. 

 The service was ok, the order got mixed up, but made right quickly. Accidentes happen.

While I may have highlighted B.O.'s short comings, I want to be clear:
They put out a good quality, tasty product. I would go with the fried or grilled Mahi Mahi tacos over all else. Salads looked great too.
Cashiers with an attitude. Rude jerks! This place lacks warmth that you get in almost any other Mexican place. Tacos are good. Nothing special. By the time the tacos came to the table they stuck to the metal holders they are served in.
All in all disappointing experience.
Thumbs up!  Happy hour at Buena Onda (means "good vibes") did not disappoint.  The batter fried mahi mahi tacos and the chips/salsa were all finger lickin' good; the classic margarita was a "good vibes" hit.
These tacos and quesadillas are amazing. The guacamole is top notch, and I'm loving the apps as well. If you are in Callowhill and hungry, this is a must.
Really amazing lime glazed grilled shrimp tacos, carnitas tacos and margaritas. Overall very fast and clean. The favors just meld together perfectly. I absolutely loves this place and went back two days in a row.
Great place, fast, fresh and friendly. The fish and shrimp tacos are really the best thing to dive into, though I'm sure some of their other things.
Buena Onda is right down the street from our house in Philadelphia. It's got Cali-Mexi on the menu and everything is pretty good and things are consistent - my fave is the chicken quesadilla, it's big enough to fill you up and it's under $10 on the menu. The nachos are great, too. 

Great if you want a fast meal. If you start ordering the tacos a-la-carte the bill will add up quick, FYI.
Yeah, this place emanates the casual relaxed vibe starting off with it's various shades of blue and chill music. Since it just opened, there was a "hostess" type of person who was standing by to explain the menu, hand out a free sample of beer, and answer any questions. This place had a HUGE line on Saturday night, so we came back the next day for lunch so we could fully experience the casual laid-back vibe. I highly recommend coming during the week/avoid popular Friday night/Saturday night since the place is really small and can't sit many people.

We got: perch tacos, mahi-mahi tacos, shrimp tacos-- all with the tequila lime glaze instead of fried-- and it was delicious. The small marlin tacos had a mixed response-- had more of a tuna salad feel, which I wasn't big on-- I feel like mayo covers a lot of flavors. The sweet corn side appetizer was delicious, however very wet-- almost like microwaved frozen corn that wasn't strained. I would still order it again because it was tasty, just wish they would take a second to drain the liquid out. 

Definitely order at least 3 tacos to get your tummy filled right. Top it off with a drink and you'll be ready to lay poolside in the sun.
A weekend of tacos! We came for dinner on a Saturday night and came right back the next day for lunch.  Finally, a quality spot that's friendly on the pockets with righteous flavors.  I know I'm not alone in saying this but i'm one of those people that prefers the small corner taquerias.  However, this place serves their tacos with different flavor profiles unlike we often taste from those local shops.  That reason alone makes this place a worthy contender to satisfy your hunger pains.  

Parents: this place is a bit tight but manageable with a stroller and equipped with a diaper changing station.  

Food: The October special is swordfish, it's a definite, and i preferred it fried. The mahi (grilled) is decent with its tequila lime glaze.  The classic carnitas was delicious and a must try.  You can't go wrong with the pollo and the hefty serving size of protein.  The shrimp was flavorful and makes for a good option.  I love that they make their own tortillas.  Even better that they serve corn tortillas and not just flour.  Their version of guac was nice and simple; the chips were a hit.  

Rewards program: First visit and there was no mention of such a thing by the cashier, found out about it on their website instead.  Not sure if they don't mention it on purpose or she was just lapsing on her duties.  It's such a great deal for 1st time members with the $10 reward just for signing up!  Mind you thats about 3 free tacos, yeah you're welcome!!

***1st timers: don't forget to sign up for their program and get the reward before coming here***
I am having a hard time trying to decide whether to rate this three or four stars... 

The Good - the food is phenomenal. We ordered chips and guac, shrimp tacos (glazed) and quesadilla. There is nothing negative to say about the food. The sample of K38 as you walk in the door was nice, too. We had original margaritas, which were really good, too. 

The Bad - I know it's a new place and the cashier that took our order was training so I cut some slack... I ordered pollo quesadillas and was given the veggie option. Annoying, but it didn't ruin the meal. My boyfriend ordered a fish taco and a shrimp taco but was given 2 shrimp tacos. Again- annoying but not that big of a deal. The prices are a little higher than we would've liked, given the amount of food you get. Our total came to about $40... 

The ugly - seating is a nightmare. I'm hoping it's only this bad while its "new and hot" and the line is out the door... There were people in the back of the line sending their kids to save a table while the people who are trying to eat have to stand. 

All in all - we will be back.
Great place for a fun, casual night out! The food is very good!

I went on a Monday night with three girlfriends (shout out to Melissa P.--elite yelper!) and we had a great time.

The three of them got all the fish and meat tacos. I would definitely recommend doing that because the portions are small. They really liked the shrimp and the carne. 

I had the tortilla soup. It was DELICIOUS--lots of different spices and the soup had whole peppercorns, which are some of my favorite things! Here's to a peppercorn of consideration!! The soup was very filling. 

BONUS: It's really fun to wait in line and sip free beer.

Great casual/weeknight date spot. Great spot for couples who don't need formal date nights anymore, but still love going out to a fun easy-going place. And definitely a great spot to go with friends.

Eat here, Philly pholks!
Service was great and made us feel welcome. Everybody was hospitable. Absolutely no complaints. Despite the line out the door, we had a great table when the time came, and although the the silly music was irritating, we liked the physical environment. 

Tacos were pretty pathetic, though.

I'm sure the flour tortillas were a specific choice, but corn is better.  I'm willing to concede that that might be a personal choice, though, so why not offer it...  

Tortillas, fish, cabbage, cilantro and lime.  That's the essential base.   Anything extra is the embellishment that makes whatever taco you are eating unique.  In this case there is no lime or cilantro, so what overpowers center stage is the orange sauce. Skip it! It's too much like what's on the fish tacos at Distrito, and those are goofy little fish-sticky things. 

And...

The reason fish tacos generally come with two tortillas is because there is so much stuff in the taco that the extra tortilla is there for structural support...or as means for assembling a second taco out of all the good stuff you have left on your plate after eating the first taco.  It's all about abundance, and regrettably, these are bland, feeble little things.   I can't believe Jose Garces had anything to do with them.

Really disappointing.
The tortilla soup had too much chicken. I know that may sound odd, but the chicken was a little dry and the shreds were a little too big, the broth was exceptional, I would drink a vat of that. 
The Quesadillas were stuffed, as in I wish I had bought one to split with my hubster. Wow, that was a lot of food. It was good. I picked a pork and steak, they tasted distinctly different. I like to add my own level of spice to things, so it was just right, there was good depth of flavor especially for the price point. 
The Mahi appetizer tacos were cute and tasted good. Next time we will order less though because we barely finished a quesadilla between the 2 of us.
This is an accessible establishment for both wheelchair or mobility scooter. You can easily enter, wait in line, order and pay.
These are not your average Taco Bell, Moe's, Qdoba, and dare I say it Chipotle (sheesh I really love Chipotle) tacos. 

Took a suggestion from a respected fellow Yelper, Christian S., and tried this place. Well let's just say I only got 3 tacos and boy did I want more. I already knew what I wanted before I got there. Online menus serve a purpose people, if nothing else it helps you narrow down your choices and if you're like me, it pretty much helps you walk into a new place looking like a pro. Back to the matter at hand, I ordered 3 shrimp tacos, fish of the day was perch, no thank you. And Mahi Mahi, is a little too strong for my subtle fish palate. So 2 glazed shrimp tacos and 1 fried shrimp taco it was for me. Took it to go. First I definitely appreciate the care they place in their to go containers. They serve their tacos on these taco triangle thingamajigs in the restaurant which help the tacos to stand up. Well lo and behold they have a cardboard version of it for the take out tacos. Major points for that, they seriously take tacos serious... So I ordered my tacos and a drink and I waited. A girl at the bar who was eating told me to place my number in the holder. That's how they identify you. It was appreciated but probably not needed only because the restaurant wasn't busy and when the lady bought my tacos out she called me by name. But the hospitality was gracious. 

Got to my car cause I had somewhere to be, opened the box of tacos and one side of the cardboard taco holder had flattened and my fried shrimp taco was all over the place. No biggie I just put the taco together. First bite, the glazed tequila lime, or whatever shrimp taco. It was good, two nice sized juicy, sweet, perfectly cooked shrimp in the taco. I was in love. I had been searching for a great shrimp taco and I think I found it. I had one at El Camino a few weeks ago and it was abysmal, lacked flavor and totally disappointed my taste buds. Not this taco at Buena, was fabulous! The chipotle crema was really tasty and had a nice zing. Now I love hot sauce and was about to put some on mine but I'm glad I didn't because the crema provides just enough bite. Now onto the fried shrimp taco. Batter beware, really good breading and batter on these shrimp. Kind of tempura style so the shrimp aren't buried in the breading. It was a smidge salty but I am really averse to any salt at this point in my life so don't take that as a cautionary measure from me. 

I forgot to mention that they have Boylan's soda on fountain tap. Umm yesss because this is my favorite soda ever, well that and Frank's and Dr. Browns, but these sodas are so yummy it was nice to see it somewhere as a fountain drink as opposed to the big box soda dealers...

My side notes and suggestions: They should increase the size of the soda cup. It's small for the $3 they charge, even if it's Boylan's. If you're hungry order more than 3. If it's your first time order 3, then order more if you like them because you will be hungry. I forgot to order the corn with mine so that may have helped stave off my lingering hunger after I ate my tacos. Finally, they have a rewards program. Really nice to have for a non chain establishment. 

Finally, I expected these tacos to be good. I mean come on, it's from Jose Garces who had like the best taco truck, Guapos Tacos, in the city for a while. Plus pretty much everything he, Stephen Starr, and Michael Solomonov seem to touch or open in this city you can pretty much guarantee a good meal. 

Went on a Wednesday night and it wasn't crowded. Municipal parking lot right across from the restaurant if you struggle finding street parking.

Very good uptake on fast, casual dining.
I've been absolutely chomping at the bit to come here ever since it was suggested to me in the context of nachos. I'm a Jose Garces' fan (bc I'm basic) and also everything with chips and cheese and beans and something that's reasonable to slather with hot sauce. 

Inebriation was the tipping point and I booked an uber for myself and my companion to this place on a Friday evening after happy hour. 

Big bonus that this place has alcohol. I ordered a beer to top off my previous imbibing and obviously nachos. My companion ordered steak tacos. The tacos came first, my companion's verbal candid review was that it was subpar to what he's used to in SoCal. The bar is high in this case.

Either real life time passage or my significant impatience made the wait seem like a hot minute. I passed the time by pouring the three hot sauces they have into those little cups to prepare myself. I drunkenly got the same hot sauce twice. No harm, no foul. 

Chips are crispy and loaded with sour cream, tomatoes, pickled-jalapeno slices, and radish shavings. The amount of beans were scarce. There was also this delicious powdery white cheese I've become accustomed to consuming with my mexican food recently. The hot sauces they have for you are amazing, and they greatly enhanced the flavor. These nachos were good but not my favorite in philly and nothing I feel overwhelmingly compelled to have again.
There really should be more fish taco places. You can order each taco individually so that you can try them all - delicious! Its fast - order at the counter - but high quality.
I live close by and wish it was better but really just a step above fast food.

The tacos are small and quesadilla's are good but this is not a destination restaurant.
I was excited to check out Jose Garces new taco place Buena Onda this Monday it may not be taco Tuesday but it was worth the stop.  Upon arrival you are offered a sample of the K38 pale ale to sip on while you wait.  Once you order you pay and are given a number for dine in to place at your table.  It was pretty crowded which is expect for an opening but the crowd flowed in and out.  A few times were it got pretty bad but that didn't last long. 

I tried the Atlantic Mahi Mahi, Fish of the Day which was Perch and Jumbo Pacific Shrimp.  When they were brought to the table the server explained the sauces the salsa verde and spicy roasted red peppers.  The salsa verde is limey and the roasted red peeper has quick the kick to it.  As for the taco I got all glazed, the Shrimp was my favorite followed by the Mahi Mahi.  Perch wasn't bas but compared to the other two just alright.

A friend of mine who ordered the same time that myself and another friend ordered and her order took a significant time longer to get.  After politely asking two people it came and the one manager offered the table a round of beers for her troubles which was really nice, great customer services there are some kinks to work out but its opening day so that is to be expected.

If you like taco this place is worth a try, three was the perfect amount for me and will run you just under $11.50.
Excellent fish tacos.  Couple gripes though...they only use 1 tortilla (most places give you two).  And, these are delicious, but the toppings are not really "authentic" for real street tacos.  "Pickled" this and "reduction"that, it's usually just cilantro and onions, and the meat takes center stage.  You won't see any Mexicans.
The tacos are good, not anything I feel the need to write home about. Also, their signage for happy hours are very misleading which caused confusion and some negative feelings. 

We ordered some tacos for the table and found that they were well plated, but wayyyyyyy overpriced. The pollo taco was the best In my opinion, and the drinks weren't bad. They are pricing themselves as a high end taqueria when they are not even close to that status. I'm surprised they've lasted as long as they have.

Lastly, the staff isn't exactly overly friendly either. I would recommend Mission Taqueria instead of Buena Onda.

Given that the immediate area doesn't have much Mexican food to choose from, this can be a last resort if you're craving something and don't feel like traveling to center city.
Simply amazing, friggin' delicious tacos.  Like my search for pizza in the city, my taco search has also been unending, but I may have found my winner. Buena Onda shines, man. Better than all the rest at this point, my friends. The mahi-mahi (grilled), the shrimp, the carnitas. Simple, good, and their salsa verde is really good, like guzzle it up like kind of good. The place is a bit small and can get a little congested, but even taking them to go, the tacos hold up pretty well. Get thee a taco (or let's be honest, at least three, no less). They won't dissapoint.
So Ive been on a mission... a fish taco mission.  the objective: find the best fish taco in the city..and enjoy some damn good food along the way.  We recently hit up Buena Onda... and while not THE best, they're pretty damn good.  I have had the pork, mahi, shrimp, tuna, and one other fish taco special they were doing.. i have thoroughly enjoy all except the tuna.. just not for me.  The mahi are my favs, grilled of course, bc in my head i like to pretend thats healthy.  Check this place out.  Good food, good prices, and good vibes.
They hit the nail on the head when they named this place Buena Onda or 'Good Vibes'. So beachy and refreshing when you walk in. It really feels like you're at a little ocean front taco shop; love it! 

You also get free beer while you wait! The wait to order, by the way, was like 4 minutes, so fast! Our food took a little while to get to the table but we didn't mind as we were enjoying our delicious house made margaritas. The manager also came to our table and offered a round of margs on the house for our wait, we happily obliged. The food was fresh, hot and super tasty! 

Bottoms line, they have friendly and attentive service, delish margaritas and fresh, tasty food! We will be back!
Fish might be their specialty, but their mission-style chicken quesadillas are unexpectedly phenomenal. Beans, corn, cheese, scallions + chicken = one perfect quesadilla.

I've stopped in twice so far (once for lunch, once for just-before-closing dinner) and have enjoyed both visits. Order at the counter, present your ID for a free K38 beer sample via Yards, and take your number. It doesn't take too-too long for the food to come out.

On my first visit, I had the chicken, pork and mahi-mahi tacos. The chicken was, again, my standout favorite, but I also [surprisingly since fish freaks me out] enjoyed the mahi-mahi. The pork wasn't my thing, and I haven't heard too many positives about the beef from friends, either.

Definitely heading back here at some point soon -- for the quesadillas but also to try more of their menu.
We were craving fish tacos and Buena Onda hit the spot for delicious goodness!  I loved the harmony of textures with the soft blanket of tortilla juxtaposed by the crunch of the fish, the dill cabbage with fresh avocados gave such a harmony of textures and flavors!  The restaurant was casual and well lit. I especially enjoyed the tamarind drink!
Omg!!! I had to give them a high five. This place is the closest I have come to California greatness since coming to the area. Flavor, flavor and more flavor. If you like bland food don't come here because your taste buds can't handle seasoning. Stick to places catering to people who grew up thinking salt and pepper is a seasoning. 
Super tasty Carnitas, Braised Beef, Chicken street tacos...my daughter had the Beer Battered tacos and let me tell you...we are food critics! I appreciate soul food...Sweet corn is just like the Elotes that I grew up on. Refried beans are amazeballs too! So impressed. So glad I finally made it in...
Tried this place on opening day..loved it. Happy to have this in neighborhood. 
Staff - very welcoming, soft spoken and friendly
Free beer sample - had to wait in queue but worth it when you get free beer while waiting in the line. k38 pale ale tasted awesome!!! 
Mahi mahi tacos - the fish melted in the mouth..very very delicious.
Carnitas - really good to taste again.
Veg quesadilla - the best I have had..good amount of cheese as well as veggies. To top it the hot sauce that they have is just amazing.
Would be definitely going again to try rest of the items on list. 
Welcome to the neighborhood!!!
If you're looking for a place that will satisfy your taco cravings, then this place is for you. The tacos taste very fresh and are very light. My only complaint is that I wish the portion sizes were a bit bigger! The tacos definitely serve as a great lunch but not something that will fill you up. Also, the plantains are a great side.
The food was so good here, I had the grilled and fried shrimp tacos and a pineapple margarita. The tacos had just enough sauce on it and they weren't light handed on the shrimp. The server gave us some of the house made hot sauce and it was really good I do forget what it's called though! 


The margaritas was good, you know very run of the mill. They have the frozen ones too but I was outside on a dreary day and I didn't want to be too cold .  I had my dog with me we discovered it up the street from Petco so it was a win win win (outdoor seating, good food, cocktails).

You do have to pay for your food before it's served so it's like fast food but you can seat yourself anywhere which works for me. I'm gonna go again, it wasn't very crowded the crowd was a bit different than what I expected and they don't take Apple Pay likely because of the unexpected age group there at the time. All in all it was good.
Great addition to the area, love going to Pizzeria Vetri and it's good to know that I now have the option to go here. So the deal is this is a really good fast casual taco place. They have about 9 different kinds of tacos and there are ones that you can get either grilled or fried. They have some good apps in the guacamole and they have Boylan's soda in the fountain machine which is amazing. If you sign up for their rewards program you get $10 off the next time you go in, which for me will be very soon. So we went on a Thursday night and got some guacamole and an assortment of tacos, chicken, shrimp, and all the different types of fish they had that day. Everything was grilled except for the house fish of the day (which was perch) I got one taco with it grilled and one with it fried to do a comparison. All the tacos were good, the shrimp tacos were awesome and there was a good amount of shrimp in each. I like the breading that they use to fry the fish and it isn't greasy but I think that I just still prefer to have everything grilled. All in all a great first experience and I am looking forward to the next one.
Decent taco place on Callowhill. I went there today for the first time. They have the basics - fish (fried or grilled), beef, chicken and pork. I ordered a grilled fish on a corn tortilla and a beef taco, my friend ordered the fried fish on flour tortillas, which I heard is the most popular. 

Aesthetically very appealing. The tacos were served with purple cabbage and a generous slice of avocado. The taste was fine but nothing amazing. The fish came with a chipotle remoulade which was pretty flavorful and the fish was marinated in a tequila sauce which also gave it good taste. The beef had cilantro, onion, queso fresco, and refried beans. With all of the coloring of spices and toppings I expected it to be very flavorful, but alas, no. It needed a healthy topping of the salsa verde. 

The have 3 sauces. The salsa verde was OK (it had the look and taste of coming out of a jar), they had an orange and brown sauce which my friend did not care for. We also tried the corn dish which was fantastic and flavorful.

Overall I did the math - 3.5 stars for the food. 5 stars for the service. 2 stars for the ambiance as there were flies everywhere, 5 for having plain soda water available in the fountain....rounding it up to 4. I won't make an effort to go back but if I am starving and happen to look up at the street corner and see the signs 19th and Callowhill - I will go there....unless I am craving pizza, then I will go to Pizzeria Vetri.
This used to be the greatest fish tacos ever.  I haven't had one anywhere that could touch them. They were grilled all the toppings made them so good.  All gone.  It was replaced with some mealy, shitty fish.  So sad.  
My other favorite dish here was the kale salad.  So frickin food.  I would add the grilled fish on top of it and oh la la was it good.  I don't know how they got the kale so good.  Everything in the salad was so good.  All gone.  No delish fish on top. All the yummy salad ingredients gone.  
Bueno onda systematically eliminated all my favorites.  Hard not to take it personally.  Last sign in the window said NO BOBS WELCOME
I ordered the chicken and beef tacos at Buena Onda and they have some good tacos.  They have the good kinds of hot sauce to add a little bit of spice.  The best part is that they have alcohol and one of my favorite beers, tecate.  Plus, they have a soft serve ice cream, which I have a hard time saying no to.  My order was to-go, but next time I would like to eat in here.
This is a proper place for fish tacos. The different textures and the combination of flavors really made for a proper fish taco experience.

Really not much I can say about this place beside the fact that everyone in the area should try it for sure!

They do offer other items in their menu, but I would highly recommend going for the fish tacos.
Oh wow.  This place.  I went with my work lunch crew one week and all I thought about until we went back the next week was their shrimp tacos.  Grilled or fried, the shrimp tacos are my favorite.  The shredded steak tacos are also very good.  The chicken and pork tacos are ok but I'd much rather go with the other options.
The place was bumping for the lunch rush.  We get to the register to place our order and we encounter arguably one of the least friendly customer service associates in the Philadelphia restaurant biz.  She hastily informs us that the wait for food is 30 minutes and asks if that's okay.  We respond "sure, no problem" and her smugness indicated that perhaps she wanted us scared away (the actual wait was more like 20 min, not bad).

Anyway, we pay and grab some counter seating.  Food comes and presentation wise, looks great.  I got one carnitas taco, one chicken and one batter fried fish taco.  Also ordered nachos for the group.

Carnitas: Phenomenal.  This should be the go to.
Chicken: Marginal (so much sauce, would've been nice to know it was Tinga style)
Fish: Marginal (soggy fish despite fried, way too much sauce/crema)

The overall theme of the chicken and fish was way too much sauce.  Ton of crema, ton of tinga sauce (or whatever it is the chicken is cooked in).  It's like I ordered crema tacos with a spritz of fish and chicken.  No complaints about the carnitas, this was amazing.

The nachos were not brought out with the original food so I asked about them.  The manager asked the chef who hurried to the oven and pulled out the severely overcooked nachos, which were left in there at least 15 minutes too long.  As the manager and chef talked, I could see the chef through the open kitchen laughing at the state of these nachos, then watched that despite his laughter, he prepped with salsa and about half a gallon of crema (so much crema) and actually served them to us.  As expected, they were forgettable.

Overall, just okay.  Carnitas is money, they need to seriously ease up on the crema (lest they change their name to broadcast their love and heavy handed use of crema) and don't serve burnt nachos to customers.

Probably going to be a while until I return.  Overall, serious lack of Buena Onda.
Highly recommend the lime glazed fish taco. The brisket and carnitas were good, but I wasn't a fan of the beans in them and they weren't as good as the fish taco. The red sangria was delicious. There was no line on a Saturday afternoon which might have just been luck. For a fast casual place, I thought the prices were a little steep.
This might be an unpopular opinion around these parts, but the quesadilla far outshone the tacos when I visited last night. Maybe I got the wrong tacos? (Carnitas and glazed mahi mahi). At any rate, the carne quesadilla was 'lick your fingers' good and so was the homemade salsa to go with it. Tacos were eh. 

Alsooooo, half priced margs on Tuesdays never hurt nobody. ;)
Good fish tacos are hard to come by, but Buena Onda is an exception!  I found all three seafood tacos - mahi mahi, perch (fish of the day) and shrimp, to be extremely fresh. And you're getting big pieces! 

I went on a Friday night and it was packed. Waited probably 10 minutes in line, but the free Yards beer in line helped pass the time. After placing an order at the register, I then had to find a seat. This proved challenging, since you are seating yourself. As soon as someone was close to finishing their meal, I had to hover around them and sat down immediately. So get ready!

And once seated, the food was brought out with the quickness. Service was a little amateur, as the girl who brought out the drinks carried two in one hand. This caused one of the drinks to be lopsided, spilling on my friends' jackets as she placed them on the table. 

Other than this service kink, it was an overall good experience. Again, the food was great. Also had the nachos and while it was good, the tacos really stole the show. 

I'd suggest eating a bit BEFORE coming here - tacos are like $3 - $3.50 a piece, and are super addicting.  Very easy to over indulge and over order! You've been warned!
Possibly the best fish tacos I've ever had.   Place has a cool setup and service is quick.  Bar with decent beer selection as well.  I highly recommend it for someone looking for a relatively cheap Jose Garces meal.
Great fast, casual Mexican restaurant! Came on Cinco de Mayo for the specials. Was super crowded but we grabbed a table outside. Margs were decent, and I got the carnitas and fish tacos. The fish tacos were amazing!! The sauce on them was so good. We also got the nachos - which were decent, but they took a long time to come out because it was so crowded. Definitely want to come back when it's not as crowded - the staff said it isn't usually like this and it was definitely because of the cinco de mayo specials! Definitely want to return for $2 pollo taco night, happy hour drink specials, to try more of the food I haven't yet, and the FISH TACOS!
I was really impressed with this "fast casual" Mexican restaurant. The food is excellent!! But even better is the friendly staff that go out of their way for you with a smile. The fish tacos are some of the best I've ever had. The tortillas are exactly like they should be and the homemade salsas on the tables are delicious. I love the beer selection and bar too. I'll be back next time I'm in town. Thank you!!
The food is great, simple as that. The only reason it's not a five star place is because the nachos were a bit burned and it's kinda pricey for a casual place. But loved it either way. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good taco and yummy margarita.
Calm down, guys.  This place isn't that good.

My wife and I tried every one of their tacos.  In general, the fried fish/shrimp tacos are the way to go.  I wouldn't recommend their meat tacos.

The fried fish tacos are pretty good.  Not as good as what you can find in southern California (where I grew up).  And about half the size.  For about 1.5x the price.  But still pretty good, especially for Philadelphia.  I think it's because they do the batter well.  I don't understand why people like grilled fish tacos, but if that floats your boat, then go for it.

The meat tacos are not good.  I'm all for quality ingredients, but I draw the line at trying to yuppify a classic.  C'mon, you can't serve a taco without cilantro, raw onions, and lime.

They talk about making the tortillas fresh, but by the time the food comes out, the tortillas are not warm, nor is the fish/meat inside.  Maybe that's just because they seemed to have some service issues though.

It's the first week, so I'm sure things will get better.  But we did not enjoy the ambiance in there.  It was like trying to shop at a Trader Joe's the night before a snow storm, right down to the huge line snaking around everywhere, with workers and customers all trying to squeeze past each other.

Meh.
Went here the other day for lunch and had the best tacos I have ever had. The inside was cool, they have a record player playing next to the cash register, everyone was very nice, the food came out quick and best of all it was effing delicious!! I shall be coming back for sure.
My order: 
2 mahi mahi fried tacos
chips n guac
prickly pear frozen margarita 

I am on a hunt for fish tacos that even just slightly resemble the tacos i had in san diego...i didn't find them here, but they were pretty good - I'm not a huge fan of fish tacos with flour tortillas though! The best part was the sauce- - believe it was a chipolte mayo... nice touch, i would probably ask for extra on the side next time bc it's that good.  

the margarita was a little watery, i like a nice thick frozen drink.  

The guac was nice and fresh - I especially love the chips - very nice and thick - seemed closer to authentic.  

I love the ambience, casual but trendy, bright and airy and great music.
I just came here to profess my love for the shrimp tacos. Seriously, they're delicious. Like the kind of good that makes you wonder how something so tasty can be only $3.  I also had a mahi mahi taco and it's no disappointment, but also no comparison.  Loved the free beer, and they kept the margaritas coming without us having to keep getting up to order more.  And now I'm off to dream about those delicious shrimp tacos. Yum.
Great spot for some refreshing fish tacos and Mexican food! They also have margaritas, a yards pale ale only served there and other beers as well. 

You place your order at the counter and then they bring you your order. Some outside seating too!

You won't regret coming here if you love fish tacos:) 

Get the sweet corn too!
Awful service- there was no line which should have been the first indication. Took over 15 minutes to make two small tacos. Go to Shake Shack instead.
Garces has done it yet again with his newest taco installation in Philly. This is my new go to and I cannot stop talking about! 

Located perfectly in the art museum area, next to my favorite pizza place (pizzeria vietri!), parking can be tricky, but sometimes I'll buy a water from whole foods then walk over. If not, if you drive around a couple times, you should find something. 

There is usually a line, but it goes by fast, as they give you free samples of beer while you're waiting. If you feel like sitting faster, to the right of the counter there is a full service bar, which is nice..

I have only tried the fish tacos because I never felt the need to venture through their menu since I am always so satisfied. I get the same tacos every single time --the fried mahi and the grilled lime shrimp. Ugh. So. Darn. Good. Paired perfectly with a corona! The tacos are only priced at 3.50! Go try this place ASAP before the lines get even longer!!!!!

Graces never fails!!!!
I often return to restaurants when cant stop thinking about a dish I ate in a previous visit.  That happened to me with the esquite at Beuna Onda.  Served warm and with just the right spice this bowl of corn goodness was the perfect thing for my tummy on a cool day.  I also had the chicken and shrimp tacos.  Both were excellent.  

This is the type of place where you order, sit down and they bring the food to you.   When we arrived it was a particularly busy time and there was a line.  I was impressed with how quickly they served us and when we went back for seconds they were just as prompt delivering the food.

They have beer and margaritas.
I'm a fan, Only thing let me down is the wait at register to order for little longer then anticipated, but the menu was great, We were at the Manayunk Arts & Crafts festival , so we were hungry & decided to get something , spotted this place & we went in.If it wasn't for the wait, probable be 5-stars..but Lets see how they are next time.!!!.We ordered 2 -Mahi Mahi & 2 Carnitas, Guacamole & chips..So YUMMY!!!! They are pretty decent variety & Loved the jicama& pickled cabbage on top for the acidity & texture!! The sauces at the tables were fabulous. Very well made , taste the smokiness from the pork & mahi-mahi was cooked to perfection!!! Go back!!

Return factor:Yes, & btw ..liquor license, from beer to Margaritas. The place is small but its really good!!t

Definitely!!!
