While Philly offers plenty of spots for pool (Both Mom's, Las Vegas Lounge, Charlie's, etc.) none of them are obvious choices to people who don't initially go on Yelp or hear about them through word of mouth. That's the only reason I can see this spot making any money, because compared to those hot spots this place is pretty laughable at best.

It's at least a good idea on paper. a Pool hall where you can drink, shoot darts, and play pool by an hour rate. And the table's are regulation size, at least on equal standards to the table in the makeshift hall in my house (yeah we own a table. That's just how McThrill and company roll.). But this place is nothing compared to playing a game while listening to the jukebox selection at Tattooed Mom's. And throw in the fact that the other places don't bring in the annoying Old City crowd that this spot does and your looking at more reasons to go elsewhere. Throw in the overpriced drinks and food that this spot dishes out and damn is it hurting. I'll see you at Mom's.
We came in here because the was a street sign stating $3 drinks. Since we were waiting for several other bars to start their happy hours, we hopped in for a quick drink. We ordered a couple of beers. The bill was 12 bucks. So much for the cheap drinks. We ended up playing some shuffle board that costed $12 and hour but if you played only 15 minutes then it was only 4 bucks. We hurried and finished our game in time for the lower rate. Did I mention that there we two other customers in the bar at the time. We high tailed it out of there and moved on to much better bars with truly advertised prices which were right across the street by the way.
Every visit to Buffalo Billiards has been a great time. Most recently, I stopped by during a bar crawl on a Saturday afternoon. It was not surprisingly packed. It was difficult to get to the bar to get a drink, or make your way to the bathroom on occasions, but that's what happens at a good bar.

We arrived in a group of about 12, and sat at two separate booths. A few of us played pool, shuffle board, and other games that BB offers. There's is something for everyone in the group. 

About an hour or so into our visit, a server came over to introduce themself and told us they were able to place food and drink orders for us. This was GREAT news! We ordered some fries, a pepperoni pizza, and the tomato pie. Everything was delicious, and I was genuinely surprised at how much I loved the pepperoni pizza. Food did take a while to come out, but we were occupied with our drinks and queuing songs on TouchTunes so it wasn't an issue.

They check IDs and vaccination cards at the door.
I visited Buffalo Billiards for the first time on Sunday, and I was impressed. I expected a dingy pool hall with a crappy beer selection... but was pleasantly surprised to find a posh looking establishment with fancy bar chairs, plenty of entertaining games, nice TVs and a great beer selection. Not to mention, cheap but tasty eats. 

Our large group spent several hours playing skeeball and shuffleboard. I don't want to brag (lie) but I got the highest skeeball score out of my friends. 

Quesadillas were huge and pretty tasty. They could have used a bit more time in a pan to crisp up, but besides that, they were satisfying. Same with the chicken nachos. The price was right and we had a great time without breaking the bank. Buffalo Billiards was the perfect place to spend a rainy afternoon with friends.
Buffalo Billiards is never a place I would pick to visit. I'd go if a group is going there or it's a stop on a crawl or everywhere else is closed.... you get the point. 

Admittedly, happy hour is a great deal.  On weekdays from 6pm-8pm, all drafts are $3. The beer selection is just okay though. It's not bad, it's not exciting. I must've had that conversation at least three times, unprovoked by me, during my last visit. 

The bathrooms are what you'd expect of a sports bar/inexpensive spot in Old City, thankfully you can smell the bleach and attempts to clean. 

When not packed, there's a decent amount of space for socializing without getting in the way of the pool tables. Pool isn't my thing either, perhaps that influences my overall opinion. 

I'd go back if the situation dictates, but otherwise I'll hit up some other area spots.
This is a solid 3 stars on my part, which I will get into on as why I'm giving it a 3. 
Other than one other spot in the city, where do you know of a spot that has Skeeball machines? I'll dive into that a little later. 

Buffalo Billiards is a great spot to go to and just have a casual night with some friends or a group. Myself I am not a pool player who has a pool stick named "Lucille" that I would carry around and baby. I'm more of a ricochet it along the walls and pray a ball falls in type of guy. It is safe to say I will not be trying to do my best impersonation of Tom Cruise or Paul Newman in the "Color of Money" and call my shots. I'm again a "Grip It" and "Rip It" types where others focus , look at the angles, make sure the felt is perfect before they take their shot. 

What makes Buffalo Billiards a great spot, is they have more than just pool tables. I did mention earlier about Skeeball, where your inner child hood of down the shore can be relived. You are not a fan of Skeeball? Fine, lets play some shuffleboard! Cheese up the deck and let thoses red and blue pucks slide down to earn some points. Not into shuffleboard? Ok, how about some Darts? 3 boards set up just waiting for you to play Cricket, or Baseball. Notice the options you have here, and lets not forget about the Arcades or Foosball . 

Buffalo Billiards has flat screens hanging around with some type of event on, they also have a lounging area up front. Couple of couches and comfy chairs for anyone to sit and do their thing. Personally I'd people watch, see whats going on outside or wait for the tow trucks to come down Chestnut Street towing cars.    

Buffalo Billiards has a great selection of beers on tap that is constantly rotating new selections. The liqour selections for this place has a good line up, so it is safe to say the libations served in here is on point. Kristen is a great bartender, always hustling to get you that drink.  Isabelle and Mia  are great servers, these ladies keep everyone and thing in check , making sure you are accommodated and satisfied with you beverage. 

The food is where you need to improve in, hence the 3 stars. You have all this working for you, great bar, and atmosphere and then you serve this. The potential is there to make this an even better spot to come to. In all this is a great spot to come to, friendly staff, makes you want to come back. I know I will be back !
Are you an Eagles fan? Come here to cheer on the Birds.  
Are you a Pool player? Come here to hit some balls. 
Do you simply enjoy a classic fun, sport bar? Come here to get a cold one.

Buffalo Billiards is the perfect place to catch a game, or watch the Presidential Debate on one of its 17 TVs. This laid-back bar is serving traditional pub food, and I only tried the Grilled Cheese Sandwich and it was really good. 
Don't miss their specials; especially the NFL and college football special: $5 Bloody Marys and Mimosas.

Three and Half Yelps.
Had a great time at Buffalo Billiards years ago! Played pool for hours (mostly because we were so drunk we couldn't sink anything), got free drinks all night, plugged their awesome jukebox, watched fellow conventioners on Spring Break makeout, and generally had a blast!

I know my drunken 5-star review would be tempered by a 1-star review if I were anywhere near sober, 3 stars for Buffalo Billiards! I now laugh whenever I see this chain, as I recently did in Austin on 6th street.
If you want to play pool then it might be worth it on Wednesday...But wait...They didn't open it up and they won't open it up anymore because they would rather you pay 14 dollars a person downstairs and stiff you on water downed drinks and BS food. I have never really given a bad review but this bad attempt at a "cool" pool hall seriously missed the mark.
I should've written this review earlier but kept forgetting...lol

Anyway, went here to meet a group & have a some food, drink & games. Now, I'm rubbish at pool but they have a good amount of tables there, all well maintained, skee ball & some other good stuff.

The space downstairs is good, a little snug for multiple teams on the pool but everyone was pleasant & accomodating to each other.

I didn't eat but told the food was yummy. I did drink & can tell you the service was good & the vodka tonics are strong (probably why I was crap at the pool)

Good place to meet up afterwork or on a Saturday early evening with friends to have a good laugh. Good location too.
blech. 

The crowd is lame, the food is bad, the drinks are overpriced.  

Jersey accents abound.
I don't play pool a lot, so this place came off as simple, fun and intimidating. I went with several friends on a Tuesday night, so the crowd was like the atmosphere, cool and laid back. They have a bunch of pool tables, 3 dart boards, a domed hockey game, a buck hunter arcade game, and (drumroll please) a Ms. Pacman/Galaga machine. For a fun after-dinner hangout spot, I was in heaven. There were also a lot of screens with sport and I was really getting into the leather faux west rte 69-ish feel.

But I would be wary of the place on an on night, it could get too trendy  and "bro" oriented for the likes of me.
I've always had fun here. I never paid for a table since I SUCK at pool and I only play because people urge me to hit a few balls. I've spent time upstairs and downstairs and I haven't had a problem. I love the diversity in the music played on the jukebox and the patrons all seem to be really nice. My favorite table is the one closest by the window upstairs. There are also comfortable chairs to sit on. I guess I did have a complaint in that one time I was there, the bartender upstairs gave us weak drinks. 

I've gone here on a weeknight and a Friday night and it wasn't a racuous experience. No complaints, recommended if you want to play pool and drink!
Probably the best Happy Hour in Philly on a Tuesday afternoon.  $3 well drinks, half of appetizers, bar games, pool tables, skee ball, TV's . . . I mean what more can you ask for?  Bomb hours from 6-8 . . . most spots are 4-6 or 5-7 . . . perfect hours for our walking tour that started at 7:30 2 blocks down.  Drinks were good, wings were bomb . . .it is a little dark in here and you may have to flag down the bartender but that is a minor inconvenience to the value this place offers.  Not too crowded but I can only imagine a Philies game.  

Definitely recommend, especially during Happy Hour.
Worst experience of my life. Went there to watch football because they advertised NFL ticket. Told us the game would be playing in a corner so we went there to watch and halfway through they changed to put in the local game that was playing on 10 other TVs. I asked the manager if he could change it back and he told me too bad that they were in Philadelphia too bad. Never again will I ever go here nor will my friends ever go there again.
Happy hour here is from 6-8pm.  If you're like me and want to be entertained while drinking, this is the place to go. Pool, skee-ball, flat screens, and music makes time fly by.  Also, stuff is pretty cheap here. Well drinks and beer are $3 each and appetizers are half-off. Pool (when split between a few people) is also very reasonable.

Last but not least, street parking on weeknights is great around this area. If you can't find it you aren't looking... 4 stars for Buffalo Billards!
I was on this pool jag for a little while.  I suck but I had a vision of me morphing into a pool shark for the sole purpose of beating this one friend of mine who always seems to win at games.  I wanted to beat him badly.  But the fact of the matter is I still suck.  Part of my pool jag was spent at Buffalo Billiards which has 1/2 priced pool upstairs on Wednesdays along with good drink specials.  Their beer menu isn't award-winning, nor is their food, but it's fair enough for a pool hall.

The bar is pretty cool too, it's big, dark in a good way and has the feel of being a real venue for serious pool sharking.
Buffalo Billiards is a great place for _________.
A. Happy Hour (especially convenient after 5-7 hh's since theirs is 6-8)
B. Wings served crispy in a mild sweet and spicy sauce (my fav. wings in the city!)
C. Bar activities ("So many activities!") like Buck Hunter, skeeball, darts, pool, and shuffleboard
D. Watching games (many HD TV's and it never gets overly crowded)
E. Good beer (one of the few places that often has Breckenridge Vanilla Porter on tap)
F. Groups (servers don't get sassy about splitting up checks and are quite attentive)
G. All of the above

If you chose G, you are correct!
Was looking for a somewhat divey spot with some pool tables and was led to Buffalo Billards, a fun joint on the east side of Philly. They have a decent number of pool tables and a dedicated booth for all games needs (they also had darts and shuffle boards). Service was nice and they had an okay selection of beer. Plenty of TVs along the walls too to watch the game. There's a happy hour here so would aim for that if you can. 

Would definitely come by if I'm back in town looking to shoot some pool.
Buffalo Billiards is a nice change of pace from what one is used to when going to Old City.  Downstairs is a humongous open area with pool tables, fusball, dart boards, video games, a couch set up and best of of all - shuffle board tables. Upstairs if very similar with lots of pool tables and more couch set ups.  The downstairs bar has your typical beers on tap and they offer specials for happy hours and phls/eagles games. 

On a weekend, when every Old City place is packed full of douchers, BB has a nice average sized crowd. If you have a big group of people this is the place to relax and hang. If I had to complain about anything, the ratio of males to females seems to be higher than most places and the rate for shuffle-board is much higher than I expected (I cant remember exactly how much it was but i was a tad shocked when paying - although it IS worth it...most fun I've had in a long time playing bar games.)
Ah! I love this place! Especially when you have competitive friends! I've been here on a number of occasions: during the week, on the weekend, from happy hour to late night. The large draft list and the amount of games and TVs are a huge draw for me. Billiards, shuffleboard, foosball, skeeball, darts, and a few arcade games. I can't comment on the food, but the beers are awesome! The drafts are constantly changing, and to be honest, a bar that has a chalkboard to display their beers means serious business. 

After coming here, I now know that I am terrible at skeeball, but can dominate in foosball.
Stopped in with Aria S. for a late happy hour on Friday night. Place was dead but not for long. Happy hour lasted until 8. All of their beers on draft except for like 2 were $3. Mixed drinks were $4. All of their "snacks" were half priced. We ended up chatting until like 11 and having a few friends join us. The bar definitely got more crowded and seems like a chill pregame spot. It reminds me of barcade just less hipstery and instead of arcade games, pool tables.
Great HH deals on food and drinks. Not the best place to play pool, $15 an hour which to me is pretty pricey since that's about ~2 games for people that aren't that good.
I've been here a few times and on nights that it's not packed, it's actually a very decent place.

Their tables might not be in the best of shape but they have a good sized bar and a pretty good set of tables.  I think the tables here are 8', maybe 8.5'.  That's ok in my opinion though I do prefer playing on 9' tables.

The draft selection here is very respectable for being a pool hall in Olde City.  Last night I tasted both the Breckenridge Vanilla Porter and the Dogfishhead 60 Min IPA.  Both respectable beers albeit a bit on the high side in price at this establishment.

If pool is your game then you can play at an hourly rate here which is nice.  No dealing with coins.  The tables could be in slightly better shape and the sticks could be less wobbly.  I think they take a lot of abuse from the weekend crowd.

I typically avoid it on weekends but last night, after the Wordpress meetup, our traveling geek convention found Buffalo Billiards to be nice cozy spot to saddle up for a few pints.
One of my favorite bars in Old City. It has a nice dive bar feel with the most pool tables, dart boards, skeet ball, and shuffleboard tables in the immediate Philadelphia city. Everyone that is a fan of drinking, competing, and playing games with friends should make this a part of your night out. 

Location: Definitely don't drive. Very easy walk from the subway. Lyft or Cab works too. Near lots of fun bars. Stop by Eulogy if you're a beer snob or have a beer snob friend. 

The inside is set up nicely to maximize the amount of games you can play. I tend to think Darts is the best deal. Shuffleboard and pool can get pricey if you're playing at a slow pace. Skeetball in the back is always a good time.

This place has a great happy hour so get here early. On Friday/Saturday nights the wait to play games, can get along at peak times.
Actually bummed to write this because I've always enjoyed my time here until last night. 

I was drinking a bud light (from a can) and the bartender came up to me and accused me of bringing in the beer from a different bar because they didn't have the kind of can in stock that I was drinking out of (Philly Philly cans was the design). I told him I did indeed get the beer from there and he didn't believe me and TOOK THE BEER AWAY. 

I then found my friend who purchased the beer to see if he could show his receipt and again the bartender insisted that I brought the beer in from somewhere else and to prove it he went to grab another bud light can...and well what do you know he pulled out the exact can I was drinking. He quickly apologized - I told him that I come here a lot (I live about 30 seconds away) and he said 'I've never seen you before'. Thanks dude - doesn't change the fact I've spent hundreds of dollars at the place you work. And also thanks for accusing me of bringing in a beer from a different bar in front of an entire group of people and then proceeding to remove it from my hands immediately. He made me look like a complete a$$hole.

He comped the beer. Gee thanks.
Decent scene with decent beer.  I've never had to wait for a table.  I score it lower because one of my female companions approached the bar and asked for a more 'girly' drink... the bartender rudely replied that 'real bars don't serve those kind of drinks' and then proceeded to berate her on her request asking if she's ever been to a real bar.

When I expressed my disgust to the hostess she passively noted that the bartender was one of the owners.    

Last time I checked, the first rule in business is not to scold and insult your customers!
Good spot for hanging with friends. Very interactive with pool tables, dart boards, TV's, and jukebox. Full bar with a decent beer selection. The food coming out of the kitchen looked good. The atmosphere is was lively with a twinge of a hipster/frat house vibe.  Was not happy about paying $10 for a pint that cast $7.  I didn't pick up the change fast enough so the barkeep felt it was for him to take.
Came in a here as a pit stop from our tourist walk in downtown Philly. This bar is actually pretty cool. It has red mood lighting, pool tables, shuffle board tables, ski ball, and a few other games. We sat a table and ordered a round. The drinks were okay, but the waitress was so rude that we decided against another round.
Buffalo Billiards is a relaxed pool hall and bar in Old City. There's an abundance of TV sets in-house, and a few projectors will show the latest sports game on the walls. There's a few arcade machines and random bar-appropriate games.

I met with friends during their happy hour and we took full advantage of their half-off appetizer special (I think that's what it was). Don't EVER come to Buffalo Billiards for Irish car bombs. For pool, yes, for shots of SoCo ($5/shot), yes, for their decent wings (with a variety of sauces), yes. I got raped with the outrageous prices for their Irish car bombs - $10/shot!

Last, but not least, our cool server (Kristen) was fine, and available when we screamed. It's not a horrible spot, but not exactly my scene (and the price for car bombs is high, even for Old City). Your mileage may vary.
Came here to catch the Bruins and Flyers  while I was here during a quick trip from Boston 

Awesome atmosphere, crowded with people playing pool, skeeball, drinking and just watching the game.

Comfy booths, fantastic beer and awesome HD flat screens spread out all over the establishment broadcasting the game.

Awesome place to come eat, drink and swear at the TV. 

There's somethings in life that money can't buy and The atmosphere at Buffalo Billiards is definitely something amazing.
This place discriminates!!!! Extremely rude bouncer told my 27 year old boyfriend that he couldn't get in with his US Federal Government issued Green Card ID because they "don't accept that form of documentation here." Mind you, Green Cards work in US airports, the post office, the DMV, and every other bar in the United States + territories. Bouncer said the only acceptable forms of ID were US issued or passports. Let me remind you that a Green Card ID states very clearly that this is an official US identification card. When I asked the bouncer why this particular US Government issued ID was not considered acceptable, he told me to shut my mouth and be quiet and that I need to learn when to not to speak. DO NOT GO HERE.
This bar is located in Old City, great bar that has a lot of games like pool, shuffleboard, darts, fusbol and others. If you're looking for a bar that is relaxed but has things to do so you're not just standing around, Buffalo Billiards is a nice place to go. It has a decent beer selection too. This place is a little pricey though and the shuffleboard table are really short.
I was in town visiting Philly a couple weeks back with a friend, and we had heard about Buffalo Billiards through a local we had met during our trip and decided to check it out. 

We popped in on a Saturday night, and this place was PACKED. We wandered up to the second floor where we were lucky enough to snag some seats at the bar. We ended up staying at Buffalo Billiards until they closed which is super rare for me because I can be a senior citizen lately. The two bartenders, Tim (?) and Carrie, were attentive the entire night even though it was super busy. They both had great beer recommendations, and the male bartender even took the time to recommend some places for us to visit during the rest of our trip. 

I have to take one star off because I was so bummed that their Skee-Ball machine wasn't working! I am quite the Skee-Ball aficionado. 

All in all, this place is a great casual gathering spot with friendly employees. I will be back to visit next time I'm in the area!

ALSO - shout out to the nice doorman who gave us very detailed directions on how to get to 7-Eleven because I really wanted a family-sized bag of Lays in my drunken state.
I love Buffalo Billiards.  Why?  First of all, who doesn't love to play competitive games while drinking?  Pool, darts, shuffle board, skee-ball, Big Buck Hunter!  They have it all.

Its packed on weekends, and you'll probably have to wait for a pool table.  The rates aren't cheap, its like $12-$15/hour to play pool.  These are not pay-per-game tables, you pay by the minute.  Darts are free!  They have 3 dart boards downstairs, so you can usually grab an empty one.  I think they also have a few more upstairs, although I rarely go upstairs. There's a few more pool tables upstairs too, and more sitting/lounging area. 

They have a decent craft beer list, but nothing too fancy or rare.  But, stilll decent options.  I haven't eaten here, so I have no idea what the food is like.  The staff are all awesome, all the time. Cool people here! 

But for fun and games, this is definitely a good spot!  If you come here and don't have fun, something is wrong with you!
I stopped in here with a friend on a Thursday afternoon for a drink and appetizer. It was pretty empty but I'm sure it's packed on weekend nights. They had pool tables, dart boards, etc. We ordered the loaded fries and they were pretty good but there was too much of the dill ranch on top. Would definitely order again but with the ranch on the side. Overall a fun spot to have some drinks and the prices are decent.
Stopped in with a group of friends on a bar crawl. This place is spacious with great ambiance and music. There are touch tunes available to play your own selections. Pool tables are open at an hourly rate per person. Shuffle boards open for those who aren't skilled at pool like myself. There's a large amount of drink options including my personal favorite, Downeast cider. Food options are limited to pizza, wings and fries. Overall a great bar to hang out and drink with a group of friends or take a date if you're both skilled at pool.
Drink here, DO NOT eat here!

So, they have lots of cool beers on tap. I particularly liked the Walt Whitman that was a tasty wheat beer. Hung out here for a few brews before heading over to Cavanaugh's for some dancing.

Didn't play pool. The music wasn't particularly annoying, but not memorable either. The decor is cute pool-hally stuff. The barstools could definitely use some maintenance.

Ordered the buffalo chicken quesadilla and it was terrible. How the hell can you screw up a quesadilla? It had no flavor at all. How is that possible with buffalo chicken? My assumption is, if they screwed up a quesadilla this bad, I wouldn't even attempt to try anything else on their menu. Go here for the cocktails, only.
Probably the worst service I've ever had in Philadelphia. Don't advertise NFL Sunday Ticket if you're going to play the Eagles on 13/15 televisions and then be rude to us when a whole corner of fans huddled to watch our team where they told us we'd be able to watch. When we politely approached the manager he was unconscionably rude. 

I will absolutely never be back and I hope you can find some more polite and competent people to deal with the rush. Sundays are busy. That's fine. 

Being a total moron to customers is not okay. Fire the imbecile and then maybe we'll consider purchasing $3.50 domestics that are a special advertised alongside the NFL Sunday Ticket you also advertise but don't honor.
A great spot to watch the game, shoot pool, eat wings and cheese steaks, and hangout with friends.

Reserved a portion of the restaurant for my friend's bachelor party to watch the Super Bowl. The event manager communicated effectively to help reserve the time and order the food for the party.

Never had their food and no one in the group even went to the restaurant. However, everyone was very pleased with the wing and cheese steak tray. By the end of the game no morsel of food existed in those trays.

Would go back on a Sunday to catch the game.
Trip 1 : Good vibe and lots of billiard tables. Did not try the food but had a decent beer selection and not too crowded on a Saturday night.

Second time went there: Games available: Darts, billiards, shuffleboard, skee ball, shooting arcade games, and foosball. The foosball/shooting game/skee ball is cheaper. The shuffleboard and billiards are more expensive. The drinks are decent and not giga-overpriced like a club.
I was glad to make a return visit to Buffalo Billiards.  I like the open space and the various activities that you can play with friends.  You have a choice of pool, shuffle board, skeeball and darts.  There are tons of TVS around showing sporting events and the atmosphere is a good time.  

The beer selection was good and the food is average, but the prices are cheap.    

The wait staff are friendly and that is a good thing because with all the people and chaos, it could be awful.

Remember to bring ID - you will need to reserve games.
Having a big group going out for your birthday isn't the worst problem in the world to have... Finding a good spot for everyone to go where we can all hang out, talk and have some fun however can prove difficult. 
Its not the fanciest place in the city but Buffalo Billiards fits the bill. This is a great, relaxed bar in Old City, large with two floors and big bars it is perfect for groups! 
The highlight are the strong drinks and games - they have more than their name would suggest, along with the pool tables are ski ball, darts and shuffle board. 
Next time you have a larger group or are looking for something a little bit different come here!
Been coming to Buffalo Billiards for a couple years now.  It was a decent spot to hang out and shoot some pool.  I returned this weekend a couple times and found the music to be insufferable.  Friday the jukebox was off and the ambiance was pretty awkward.  It was a younger crowd and the music was off by a few generations.  I returned Sunday to see if it was an anomoly.  It is not.  The bartender claimed the manager creates the playlists and I was welcome to spend (waste) money in the jukebox.  The manager must be on the northern side of 50.  I kid you not the series of songs when I walked in was Devo, the Beatles, Flock of Seagulls, Springsteen, some sort of surf rock song, No Doubt and another Springsteen.  While I appreciate this type of music is enjoyable for some, it did not fit the room or the clientele.  Perhaps the manager does not value diversity but I would suggest they update their playlists.  Maybe include a song made after 2000?  Or (gasp!) Hip-hop?  My guess is the mangement stopped listening to music in 1999.  Surf rock?  Wow.  If you have noise cancelling headphones or like bloody ears, the rest of the bar is nice.  Staff is great and rotating beer selection is 10 or so.  Obviously pool, as well as shuffleboard, darts, fooseball and video games as well.  I want to return just stop with the old man music!!
So maybe it doesn't have the coolest name (in fact, my girlfriend and I fantasize about buying the spot and renaming it), but this place is an incredible find for anyone not looking for a raunchy dance party. 

Let's review what I feel are the key factors for a good drinking hole:

Good beer with a good selection: check
Full bar with all necessary liquors: check
Edible eats to go with the drinks: check
Lots of space so that I'm not humping my neighbor: check check
Enough TVs to watch my favorite team (WE ARE...): check check check
Entertainment options beyond TV for a good time: check (darts), check (shuffle board), check (pool), and my personal favorite... check (Big Buck Hunter)

This is not the kind of place you go to pick up the ladies, but it IS the kind of place you come with your friends, hang out, do your thing, and laugh about life. That's my kind of place. 

Not a fan? That's fine. The rest of us will enjoy the scene while you drink your neighbor's sweat at just about every other place in Old City.
Easygoing bar
It's pretty pricey for pool
A solid hangout
So I've been hanging around this place for over a decade. I know a bunch of people that work here and one of my besties has worked here for years. I've probably been here more times than any other bar in the city. 

So why am I just now writing a review? Because in my opinion the reopening has pushed it to a 5 star bar. Before COVID I was a bar rat here simply because I knew everyone. The crowd was unsavory but the chaos out front every night was appealing. There was always a fight outside or someone that needed to be put out the door. A lot of arrogant white dudes with caps on forward when they came in and backwards when they were leaving. It was an old city sports bar. 
The food was great the service was ok and I probably couldn't have done more than 3 stars. So I just couldn't review it. I didn't want to write a review that would hurt stop my friends from making money. 

Now let's talk the reopening. The playlist is solid. It's not a bunch of white bros on a Saturday night. 

The staff is the best team I've seen there in years. Super attentive even though they were clearly outnumbered. Just awesome to chat with. Everyone was super friendly. 

The crowd took a drastic change for the better. You're average douchebag fratty sports fan has been replaced by what appears to be art students and fashion experts. It's the first time I've ever felt under dressed in there. To top it all off people apologize when they bump into you! Kindness has taken over! I think it's a younger crowd than it used to be. However I'm also older than I used to be. So that tidbit may just be a personal perspective thing. 

The food is now outsourced. It's not a full bar menu anymore. You get pizza or wings and the servers walk down the street and get it. This description might not sound appealing but seriously it works. Last night for example the bar is packed and we got two pizzas. One pepperoni(which has a tinge of a sweet heat sauce) and one regular, 20 minutes we had it. It was still too hot for me. I burned the roof of my mouth. The pepperoni was really awesome too. 


The wait list for the pool table still takes a while because you've got the "pros" that show up. Like the guy last night that had to have had the table for hours. He put on pool gloves and brought his own stick. He tried so hard to impress the chick he was playing with. At the end of the night she disappeared he was walking around the bar looking for her. 

Anyway, even if you've been here before try it again. Also you aren't getting in without a Vaxx card or a photo of it. So don't be an asshole and argue with the door guy. Don't be a jerk off and photoshop your shit. Stay home. The rest of us just started to feel comfortable going out again. Don't ruin this for us America.
I love this place. I've been here endless nights. My main reason for the liking this place because I am obsessed with foosball. This bar also has skeeball, shuffleboard, and pool. I have heard pool is a bit overpriced. This bar isn't anything special, but it's a perfect place when you are just looking to have a beer and play some games!
good place to watch college football on Saturday. lots of TV's, always beer deals, usually pretty empty, and has most satellite (b10 network) channels.... food leaves much to be desired. but as far a "sports bar" in old city, its not bad.
never been at nighttime
I decided to return to the scene of my most infamous run in with restaurant-managerial incompetence. To my disappointment but not surprise, they serve a grilled buffalo chicken sandwich, not breaded. I bet their pizza doesn't even have cheese. If they serve it. I switched to the buffalo chicken salad, which thankfully is breaded, though learned the bartender saved my life because the cook, inexplicably, made it with grilled, but she caught it and berated them like the heathens of old. And brought extra dressing unprompted. They must make her CEO immediately.

Verdict: 2.5 stars, rounded up to 3 because of good service from barkeep.
In a surprising turn of events, a ginger wearing a redskins shirt who "manages" the TVs would not put the eagles game on a tv facing our booth. At a bar in Philadelphia. Instead he had on Atlanta Tampa game - even though no one there was requesting it. It was crazy. He said he didn't want to upset people who might come in, even though we were visibly pissed and talking about leaving. It was like he had anti-business sense. If anyone wants an establishment to fail, hire this man.
I feel compelled to write this because I am not over how rude the bartender was to us yesterday. Male, with glasses, wearing shorts in February for some reason? A big group of my friends and I arrived at the bar as soon as it opened and myself and two other girls sat at the bar and waited for about 15 minutes before he acknowledged us. Keep in mind, there was no one else even there. When he finally did speak to us, you would think one of us ran over his cat. He was so incredibly rude!!! They advertised a Bloody Mary brunch special on the sign outside and when my friend tried to order it he gave her THE MOST attitude and was all "ummmm I don't have the mix ready yet so can you order something else????" Sounds like a you problem but ok? We got the same BIGGG attitude when we asked if they had a brunch menu or just what was on the wall. "Ummmm the menu is right there on the wall" with the most condescending squinty eyed face you can possibly imagine. Obviously we see the huge menu on the wall, no need to be a d*** about it. What got me was when our friends boyfriend came over to order and I guess he accidentally interrupted his girlfriend and she just simply turned her head and looked at him to let him talk, not to signify that she was upset with him. She was just going to let him speak, we were all drinking and having fun no one was fighting or anything like that. The bartender saw this and freaked out being like "whoaaaaa she is giving you side eye!!"! We could NOT believe how uncalled for this was. we all just stared at him blankly cause who do you think you are? He was like this to all of the women in our party, much nicer to the guys. It was embarrassing cause we brought friends from out of town there with us. If I come back and see him behind the bar, I'll turn right around.
This place has bad service, you dont get to play the pool until the guy who works there and his friends are done playing even though you are promised to play within ten to fifteen upon arriving. Two hours later and still no pool table. There is no communication with the bartender especially when theyre friend are sitting at the bar.
A pool hall is only as good as the facility itself. And too bad we didn't get to experience it. 

The receptionist was the rudest guy I had ever met. He said their was an hour wait as soon as he saw me. He was super rude and uninterested in taking our names or putting our names in a waiting line. Didn't bother to welcome us or give details. I asked him if I could put my phone number down as we were going to be in the area. He refused and when I told him he was being rude he brushed us off. Not going to come back here again.

I hope the receptionist gets fired.
This place is super chill. Grab a gang of your most bronest brospephs and enjoy a night of bar food and beer in a booth, followed by endless hours at the pool tables, shuffle boards, or darts! The perfect sports bar with an extremely open atmosphere, which is a nice change from your crammed and loud sports bars with inches of personal space. 

The food is average, the alcohol is standard, the service is quite attentive and pleasant, and the fun is on point. Would go all the time if it wasn't all the way in old city..
I'm rating this as a bar, didn't eat any food here.

My experience here wasn't great, but it wasn't bad either.  I came here with a friend to just grab some beers and play some pool, we got here by about 9pm on a Saturday.  Understandably there was a wait for the pool tables, so our name was put on a list and we were told we would be notified when we were next in line.  I thought that was weird since how would they know?  But we were assured.  A couple hours went by and we were never notified (how would they have found us anyway?), so this place dropped the ball in that regard.  They need a better system since I don't want to have to go over every 15 minutes to check, the onus for that should be on the business, not the customer.  Many businesses have those devices you take that notify you when your table is ready, why not use something like that?  
Since we ended up just hanging out at the bar, that was decent.  The bartenders were VERY good, I really want to emphasize that.  Very attentive, pleasant, dealing with some drunk jerks/people who didn't know what they wanted to order (very annoying with a busy bar), but the bartender we had was inhuman and her coworkers seemed to be about the same.  If I go back, it's because of the service.  The beer selection was good, not great.  They had some good ones on tap, but you're not piquing the interest of any beer snob.  Overall, this place is a relaxed atmosphere for happy hour or to go out with a few friends.
I visited from out of town and they were rude, unaccommodating, and shut down the bar a full 40 minutes before they closed. They were very rude with interpersonal communication and would not allow us to play pool 30 minutes before closing. Given they are a billiards bar, this seems strange.
Amazing staff of kind and generous individuals. They hosted us and other displaced victims from a local fire and stayed open until 8am to ensure we were safe, fed, and had a place to rest. This is the truest example of Brotherly Love, and I appreciate their acts of kindness. The manager was the absolute sweetest, and we thank her and the staff for allowing us and our cat to stay. Thank you so much!
Buffalo bills is one of my favorite places to go for drinks and to hang out- they have pool, darts, shuffleboard, ski ball, and big buck hunter. They generally have about 10-15 beers on tap that changes every so often, with a nice variety of craft brews. The venue is spacious and dimly lit, and is never overly crowded. I consider it one of old city's best go-to bars when you don't want to go somewhere packed with $10 budlights on draft.

The food leaves something to be desired however. The buffalo chicken dip is one of the best things on the menu- rich, creamy, Frank's red hot sauce, in a medium sized portion. However, the tortilla chips they are served with are always too salty. The chicken fingers are slightly above average and flake apart nicely. The wings are average with a very generic sauce and moderate amount of meat. The taquitos are cheesy and not bad, but not particularly impressive.

I wish the food was a little better, as it would make this venue even better than it already is.
You can call this a pool hall - but it's also a great bar.  I recommend finding one of the little nooks on the second floor - cozy little sitting areas with couches and arm chairs.  Good beer selection and by-the-hour pool.  I had just eaten when I went last night - but I have high hopes for the bar menu there and plan to return to check it out.
Great place to go with a group of buddies to have some brewskis, play some pool, consume some quality bar food (had the buffalo chicken quesadillas), and watch a game.
Poor service, average food and not much atmosphere. The bar staff seemed to think asking dor the specials and only ordering the discounted items was an impost, food we didn't order came out and some we ordered didn't come out but didn't do anything to fix it. Later charged additional items and charged 8 dollars for ice. Ludicrous.
I really liked this place! Surprisingly!

Followed Lindsay V. and her boyfriend in around midnight (1 a.m.? I don't remember actually) on Friday night. We purchased beers and sat at one of the tall tables, where Lindsay and I discussed Philly sports in greater detail than I ever have in my life, thanks entirely to the sports recaps playing on the TVs behind the bar.

Aside from the sports talk, I also noticed a lot of plaid button downs. What's going on with that? I feel like there were five guys in there wearing the exact same shirt. Strange. Be original, bro.

The bathrooms were also nice and clean. Games looked fun for a night of more energy.

It was a nice change of pace for a Friday night! I'll be back.
Nice, open layout helps with the crowd. The place can be packed and you still feel like you have some space. Bartenders don't take any crap (in a good way) and the drinks are reasonably priced.
My organization did a happy hour in their upstairs bar and they were great, accommodating and easy to work with. The added novelty of the pool tables made for a fun night. Will work with them again!
Love it,  especially if you want to shoot pool while watching sports.

Always been a fan of Buffalo...the place just has a laid back vibe that I enjoy...and it's one of those places that feels (good and) decadent on a Satruday afternoon...while the sun is streaming through the windows, you're in this darkened cave playing pool, eating wings, drinking beer and watching college football. Lots of TV's, lots of pool tables, a nice staff, a good jukebox...all in the heart of Olde City. What else could you want for?
Went here on a Tuesday night to meet a friend for a drink, and it was completely dead, despite their great happy hour deal.  
We each ordered a half priced appetizer and a drink, and the bill came to only $15, which is *awesome*. My friend ordered nachos, which we both enjoyed, and I ordered pierogies, which were just OK.  I only ordered them because, sadly, they were probably the healthiest thing on the happy hour menu.   
Service was very meh - our waitress didn't check up on us too often and I had to get up to go on a hunt for a knife.
I've heard this place is better on the weekends - i'll have to come back.
If you want draft beers and pool tables, you should stop by here.  The foods were like any other bar and great priced happy hour menu.

Just stopped in again on a Saturday night for snack and beers.  The wait for pool can be long arriving at 1030pm and 6 people ahead.  There are other things to do... play darts, skee ball, and shuffle board.  We had a big group so we headed to the front seating with two long couches that your ass will sink in, but advantages include closer to the tv and seating for many people.  I had chicken fingers and Victory stout.  Not bad...I enjoy this place for their happy hour.
Not overly impressed. They had ONE waitress working during Sunday afternoon football! Needless to say, service was lacking. They do have lots of TVs, which was good, and they had all the 1 o'clock games on. Beer selection was alright, but nothing to shake a stick at. Food was decent ... pretty typical bar food. I'd go back again, but it certainly wouldn't be my top choice.
So much fun! There are so many pool tables and other games to do like skeeball, darts, and shuffleboard. The pool tables are a bit pricey and I've had some not so friendly bartenders, but I can't stay away from this place. Pretty average draft list and price.
Went here after a long day of festivals and drinks with friends in the city. It's a pretty low key place, not as crowded as I would have expected on a Saturday night in Old City. They have a wide selection of games to play so it is a fun place to go with a group or even a date. They have several billiard tables, shuffleboard, darts and skee-ball. It's a good place to get a few drinks and play games for a few hours for sure. TVs all over and a pretty standard bar menu, I'd imagine it'd be a good place to watch a sporting event as well as long as your not set on being able to listen. Worth a try!
Chuck E. Cheese's for adults in the city? It's no Dave & Busters, but they have a great variety of pool tables, dart boards, skee-ball machines, and various other entertainment. Buffalo Billiards is a great place to hang out with friends that offers great happy hour specials including food and drink specials. They offer the NFL Sunday package, which is an added benefit! If you are in the Old City are and want to spend a fun day with friends watching sports, playing games, and enjoying food and drinks, Buffalo Billiards is the place to go.
Terrible service, with the bar tenders being nothing but rude when we asked for clarification on a few beers. Food was average, and they overcharged us.
This place has a little of everything. Food, sports, drinks, games, and dancing. If you're looking for a place to go out with a bunch of people I would recommend Buffalo Billiards. It's also right in Old City so it's at a really good location to bar hop.
Now this used to be a regular spot but it seems that the food has gone down in quality. Buffalo Billiards had a good quality of pool hall food in center city. The teriyaki wings used to be the best. The bartender was good company though!
After a first Friday gallery crawl a group of six of us made our way to Buffalo Billiards. We happened to get there around 7:45pm, which is just in time for their insanely lenient happy hour (Monday-Friday 4-8pm!). Happy hour means $3 drafts, and surprisingly their beer list doesn't suck: I got the Allagash White, and the boyfriend went with the Dogfish Head 60 Minute IPA. On the bill they came to only $2.73 each, and at that price it makes them the cheapest respectable beers I've had in Philadelphia hands down.

The place itself is huge and nicely laid out--this is not a crappy dive bar but a clean place with wide booths, deep comfortable couches, wide screen TVs, barstools aplenty, and two floors of pool, shuffleboard, and darts. They played a list of new hits and flashbacks from the 90s that had me humming to a few songs, and they pulled off a nice western themed decor without going over the top. While the downstairs atmosphere grew packed and slightly bro-y as the night got later the upstairs (which opened at 8pm on this particular Friday, not sure if that is the norm) remained calm. 

For downsides, the bar games are not free and I'd say they're on the pricey side. One hour of shuffleboard for our group was $20, and then they charge you by the minute after that. Also, the reservation system for tables was slightly complicated, but in the end when our table was ready about four people clamored to tell us the news so we were definitely well taken care of.

All in all this is a solid spot, and for $2.73 drafts I'll be there any day of the week (probably on one of the all-too-often evenings when I can't get a spot at Khyber's bar for happy hour).
I've been here a few times and it's just right for pool. I usually go after work, so it's not really crowded, especially considering that they only have about 4 pool tables. They do have skee ball and a few video games for anyone who just wants to add a lil fun tot heir evening. I like that they have TV's all around so you can watch whatever sport you like (the Olympics was on so that kept me entertained in between shots). I've only eve had the fries and drinks, which are really hard to mess up. Upon entry and the little seating area there was an unpleasant urine like smell, but idk if that was in the furniture or if someone had an accident. FYI- on Monday's there is a pool league that reserves one of the tables, but another table opened up just in time so we didn't have to get kicked out (lol) Overall, it's good for a nice afterwork wind down.
Typical bar food. The servers don't care. They take your order and have someone drop it off. There is no personality to the food or service. Blank commands get issued and blank items show up.

Deep fried and go.

The fries suck.

The beer selection and specials are good but then again it's old city.
It's so nice to finally find a bar that has more to do than watch TV or play Megatouch. Pool, darts, and skeeball keep you entertained. Great beer selection too
Good atmosphere for viewing football, they also have darts, pool tables, shuffle board, and ski ball. Ordered the cheesesteak, it was a little dry but not bad, fries were yummy with ranch they had. Bartender lady was super friendly and helpful.
This place was hopping on a Friday night and seemed to be a cool space to chat with friends, dance to some old school jams and play some games like billiards, shuffleboard and skeeball. There is plenty of space to mingle with your friends without feeling overcrowded. There were tons of TVs and probably is a fantastic location for your favorite sports game. There looked to be menus on the table that had your regular bar food. Fun spot in Philly!
Bartender nice, did not honor bar crawl specials , wings burnt, fries bland. A totally bad experience. I will not be returning !
Not only was the clientele a disgrace to society, but upon closing out, the bartender refused to combine my fianc's cousin's tab with ours. In a city where football-watching establishments are plentiful, I find it beyond offensive that a simple request is blatantly denied. Needless to say, I will not be visiting this embarrassing disgraceful bar again.
Came here after a friend suggested it was good for a large group of people (we had family in town, all different age ranges). Place is huge! It was quite slow considering it was a Saturday night.  Service was great-- fast! I have to say, the music really turned us off. Nothing current and even though we were with people ranging from 22-65, none of us enjoyed the music. I think we would have ended up staying longer, but the slow surf jams and lesser known rock (to me, a 24 year old, at least) really killed our vibe and created a somewhat sleepy atmosphere. Maybe I'm not cool enough to be into that music but if you want to make money then you need some upbeat music to keep it flowing! I'd love to recommend this place as theres a ton to do (pool, shuffleboard, skee ball!) but I know my friends would want a more fun vibe. Hopefully it was just an off night-- I'll give it another try soon!
We were visiting from Chicago & after walking through Penn's Landing, we came across Buffalo Billiards. We both like to play pool so it was a no-brainer to check this place out. It was afternoon when we got there, about 2:30pm, and we stayed for a few hours! We had a great time. Place has a few pool tables with a wait list, but we sipped on a few beers and a table was ready for us within about an hour. They also have plenty of other forms of entertainment: foosball table, a few arcade-type games, & skee-ball which were all fun. The vibe was cool and the bar had a good amount of people inside for it being early on a Saturday. 

We had an excellent server during our time here & wanted to make sure he got the credit he deserves- DAN was AWESOME! He was friendly, attentive, and quick. Excellent service- we appreciated our time here mostly because of you! THANK YOU!
So I really liked this bar overall. 

However, the main reason I walked in this bar in the first place was because I wanted to watch the UFC Pay-Per-View fight. I went here based off a review that said they carry Pay Per View fights. They do not carry Pay Per View Fights. At least not the one I wanted to see. So I was a little disappointed at that. So much so, I was going to give Buffalo Billiards three stars based off my specific experience, but I realized I cannot hold the bar responsible for me listening to another's review. And I'm sure they maybe carried some Pay Per View fights but I know when I asked, they said they don't. On top of this, I went in the bar and thought they did have it on because they had the preview on and then it got changed, so at the time I thought some guy just changed it. That's when I talked to the bartender and they said they don't carry Pay Per View Fights, they just had the preview on. 

So I ended up closing my tab I had open and left. But ultimately if I would have entered this bar with a different mindset, I would really like this bar. They have a lot of games from pool, darts, etc. and I like the overall feel and atmosphere.
Really liked this place until I discovered that they no longer have the NFL Sunday Ticket. A very, very cheap move that isn't sitting well with myself and others that have consistently gone to Buffalo Billiards on Sundays to watch all the games, not just the Eagles or Redzone, which we can do at home.

We would travel across town despite having a bar (Green room) in our backyard with free pool AND the NFL ticket because Buffalo has great service and great tables. Seriously - the servers are friendly/hard working and absolutely make Buffalo a wonderful place to go. But last Sunday we watched as fans of different teams came in only to immediately leave after discovering Buffalo doesn't have the ticket despite having like 20 TVs. It was a ghost town.

Just a really weird, head scratching move that can only be explained by this place wanting to save a buck - so lots of us APA pool shooters will be doing the same thing, and not only on Sundays.
Did not have food... patron margarita and Long Island came up to $25. Long wait to get into pool tables... crowded but not excessively. Good stop for a drink... especially if you are not dressed properly for any of the other places in the area *side eye to my brother who wore sweatpants/joggers*
After an extended absence, I've been to Buffalo Billiards twice in the past two weeks, and while the concept is still great - pool, darts, lots of televisions, surprisingly edible bar food and a decent beer selection - I've come to the conclusion that I've aged out of the place. I was with a pack of late 20 somethings, early 30 somethings both nights and we were quite obviously the oldest group there. It's still a welcome relief from the craziness of the rest of Old City, but if your outfit isn't straight off Urban Outfitters' racks, you're gonna be in the minority. But I'll still go back for the darts.....
It's probably the most  un-Old-City place in Old City. Decent crowd on the weekends, but you can get a booth with no problem. The shuffleboard is awesome! Decent drink specials and a good place to watch a game. The Jukebox has a great mix of rock! Plus, they have Big Buck Hunter!
Lots of stuff to do if you want to be in old city but not in a loud bar.  Pool tables, darts, BIG BUCK HUNTER, foosball, skeeball, shuffleboard...stuff you can do.  Wait can get long, but just drink and talk!

Very roomy.  $20/hour for tables.  Enjoy.  Brawler on tap...HUGE.
I visited this establishment twice this past week. I walked from my hotel to the bar. The layout includes several pool tables, darts, ski ball, and shuffleboard games. There is a TouchTunes jukebox for those who want to play music, and there is an app for that. The beer selection was good, prices were great, and the service was wonderful. A small group of us watched the NCAA basketball championship game there and the TVs were in enough places to make us all happy.
Best happy hour bar in Old City. It's nice that it goes from 6-8, so later than most places. Typically deals like half off apps and $3 all drafts! Great draft list as well. They have everything to keep you entertained from darts, pool, shuffleboard and big buck hunter. 

I actually haven't played pool here but I believe it's pay by the hour which is pretty stupid. Upstairs bar is open on the weekends. I'd highly recommend for happy hour, also a cool late nice place to play games.
I was in the area for a work conference, and everyone hung out here after hours, so I joined my colleagues here one evening. It's a pretty fun spot with billiards, shuffle board, and other entertainment available, and pretty good drinks on tap. Even though it was a weeknight, it was packed, and with only one bartender, she was a little overwhelmed, so it was tough getting drink orders.

Overall, not a bad spot to hang out, and I did enjoy the pineapple cider that I had there!
When I heard we were going to a place with shuffleboard, I got very excited. When I learned that they'd be charging $20 per hour to play - not as excited. Sure, it's only five bucks per person, but really, it's the principle. I understand Buffalo Billiards is a pool hall and that some people come here to game, and others come here to drink. We were here to do both.

The shuffleboard itself was in need of some lovin' - it was under-sanded, yet somehow too fast, and had some unexpected curvature where you'd expect it to be level. Regardless, it was a shuffleboard - and any place with shuffleboard in the first place goes a long way in my book.

Buffalo Billiards has more than its fair share of leg room in order to house all it has to offer - pool tables, Skee-Ball, Foosball, darts, video games, TVs, booths, and a central bar. Most people order cans, and mostly Rolling Rock. Naturally, it being a guys' bar, the bartenders are attractive and there are waitresses to fetch your drinks while you're busy gaming.

All in all, this is a good spot to start the night with the bros, but nothing more really. I'm thinkin' maybe the $20 an hour on the shuffleboard buys you all the time you need here. Just don't wear out your welcome before it gets too late - the rest of your evening is waiting.
I really enjoy coming here for happy hour! I have celebrated quite a few birthdays here, and my friends come often for football games. Mon-Fri they have happy hour from 6-8, which is awesome. They have $3 craft beers (usually at least 4-5 on special) and well drinks are discounted also. Not to mention the half priced snacks/bar apps!  During happy hour, you can play darts for $2 (have to turn in your ID too), and you they have skeeball, shuffle board, foosball, pool, etc. It's big, so easy to have a crowd!
Fun night of pool, drinking, and shuffle board. There's something for everybody here. They have all of the usual canned beers and mixed drinks too. Nothing too fancy, but you come here for the change of scenery. Pool is always fun no matter how good/bad you are. You pay by the hour so have at it and have fun! Oh, and they just got a basket ball game in the back that is fun to challenge your friends on. Only $1 a go.
This review is based on a large group of about 15 girls coming in on a Tuesday night for pool and happy hour. 

They have great happy hour specials at actual Happy Hour time. The food isn't amazing but it isn't awful either. The perogies were pretty good as were the fried pickles... More importantly though, the customer service was great! I didn't called ahead for my group and was able to come in, reserve a pool table and had attentive service the entire time. I'm always impressed when a waitress can manage a large group, offers separate checks and remembers what you ordered. 

I have been in on a Saturday and it gets a bit crazy in there, but over all great job!
$4 beers, billiards, skee ball, and darts. Close to the delaware river where you can walk (or wobble) after a few drinks. As dive bar as it gets and i love it.
