I absolutely LOVED everything I tasted here and have been dreaming about it! In fact, I'm just recently back from traveling and it's the first meal thought about and craved!! 

We came for a large family lunch and had no problem reserving a table last minute in their somewhat odd fitting medieval feeling small dining room on a Sunday afternoon. (Watch out, they do close between lunch and dinner from 3-5pm!) I LOVED their exposed brick walls, nooks for their dripping white pillar candles, street art mural and chandelier! Good vibes!! 

I shared the tofu clay pot bibimbap with my daughter. It was tasty, piping hot and filled with veggies and crisped rice!! Delish! They give you your choice of sauce to mix in if you so choose, but I ate it plain and really enjoyed it! (It's vegan minus the egg to top.) My sister in law had the same thing only with beef and thoroughly enjoyed hers. (She's Korean, I think that holds some weight!) 

My youngest ordered her Korean favorite and a great vegetarian option, the japache, but here it's served with sweet potato noodles. It was so delish!! Perfectly cooked noodles and big vegetables in a warm, comforting toasted sesame oil! Yum! 

The table also ordered the Tteokbokki to share. It's a Chili rice cake gnocchi! I was so intrigued! There's both rice and fish cakes, so veg heads, examine closely if splitting this one. The sauce has a great kick! It's a traditional dish made modern with the addition of the mozzarella cheese. (The fusion of new and classic seems to be a theme with the entire menu, so keep your minds open if you're looking for a more traditional Korean meal here) 

My brother, who lived in Korea for years was happy to see "Army Stew", which is apparently somewhat rare in the states. 

Everyone was pleased and we immediately spoke about a return visit! 

Prices were reasonable and it's BYO!

Happy Hour is Tues, Wed, Thurs, Sun from 5-7. Half off apps with full entree purchase.
Vibes: small, unassuming, modern, casual-but-on-the-nicer-side BYOB; good for dates or small groups 

Tasting notes:
-Hong cho: topped with mint leaves; pomegranate flavor is subtle but not overwhelmed by tanginess of the vinegar
-Korean fried chicken: nuggets of hot, tender meat encased in that very satisfyingly crunchy exterior that is not too thick or overly flour-y; gochujang-honey coating gives just a bit of a spicy kick and stickness
-Galbi bourguignon bowl: fall-off-the-bone spoon-tender short rib meat with enough fattiness to add a lovely umami flavor to the rice; microgreens add more to the visual presentation than texture/taste
-Spicy pork in stone bowl: pleasantly surprised by large, thinly sliced pieces of perfectly cooked pork among fresh bell pepper slices and browned onions; loved the crispy chips of rice that came off the stone bowl surface 

Other thoughts:
-Food menu is short and focused and makes Korean cuisine accessible to those unfamiliar with common Korean dishes while staying very authentic
-Will have to bring some soju or light beer for my next visit!
-The few staff are very friendly and attentive
Buk Chon does a nice job of filling in a gap in the Old City restaurant scene. It's good to have a Korean option.  To be honest, it's not my favorite Korean restaurant in the Philly area - indeed I prefer many of the ones in the Koreatown around Cheltenham Avenue - but there is still much to like here.

The physical look of the place is def appealing to the eyes - especially the rear space with the great chandelier and exposed brick wall embedded with candles.  An order of tasty pickled eggplants began the evening. Do note - there are no complimentary Banchan here.  The Korean fried chicken with chili sauce was as good as I expected.  And last but not least, the Galbi rice bowl had tender roast beef served over a sizable portion of rice. Service was decent and both my friend and I said we would return.
In response to some of the complaints that this place's prices are higher than the average Korean spot: I don't see why Europeans/European food should have a monopoly on fancier restaurant vibes with higher priced menus- and they don't own "fusion" or putting imaginative spins on traditional dishes either! Don't non-white restauranteurs also deserve to make some money? 

Otherwise: I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE. I moved into an apartment building down the street from them 3 weeks ago, and since then have been there about 10 times. 

I'm a chef and am pretty hard to please. I always feel ripped off if I'm served something I feel like I could have made just as well as home. Like yeah, I am just a white gal and a relative newcomer to Korean cuisine, but I learned how to make certain dishes like Bulgogi from Maangchi's blog a few years ago, and have made it so many times since for professional gigs. Buk Chon's bulgogi is MILES BETTER. The overall flavor is of course the same, but it is a more interesting presentation: you can taste several more of the ingredients- so well-layered but subtle!!

I also have a big appetite, so was surprised to see some reviews complaining about portion size! The first time I went to Buk Chon for dinner, my partner and I shared the pork buns appetizer, and then both got an entree. This was WAY too much food. Several times since then, I have split two appetizers and the Bibimbap (my favorite!) with a friend. This has been the perfect amount of food. And it's SO NICE that the restaurant is cool with this- often "nicer" places insist on everyone order their own entree, or they'll add a fee to "make up" for the person or people who did not order their own. I'd actually be willing to pay more money for this now-routine of ordering a single entree, because all of them have always been so delicious!

Oh- if you go for lunch and order the discounted lunch special, the portions are smaller than when you pay full price at dinner. This is not unusual among restaurants I've been to in general.

Last thing: I also love the Chinese green tea and think it complements much of the food well. 

Every time I walk past and see someone(s) peering at the menu outside, I stop and encourage them to go in. And the same to everyone reading this!
The food is good and you are given a decent portion however no sides is a deal breaker for me! One of my favorite things ever is KIMCHI. When eating Korean food (also one of my favs), I expect side dishes. I understand the 'style' of meal that comes with side is Banchan but business may depend on this. Many of us do not expect to pay $3 for Kimchi, well I don't and I didn't.

I started with the Korean Fried Chicken which I could not clearly determine was chicken. When I offered the left overs to a friend they quickly mentioned the same. It appears to be pieces of chopped chicken not specifically from the breast or thigh that's coated and fried, then dipped in a sauce. The chili sauce was tasty, not necessarily different or special just okay. I really did enjoy the Spicy Pork in a hot stone bowl, very tasty and filled with pork. Because I went during 'Happy Hour' the appetizer was half off because I purchased an entree.

The decor is modern, crisp with clean lines and low or pub seats. I was approached and seated immediately however service was slow and the server was inattentive. This was not acceptable considering I was the only one in the restaurant.  The slow service and lack of sides causes me to 'tap out' and not return.
Was craving Korean food, so we ordered some takeout from Buk Chon, as the reviews looked promising. 

We ordered our usual go-to dishes, a soft tofu stew and the Jap-Chae. The order came with banchan, packed in three condiment sauce cups, one of the saddest looking and most disappointing banchan I've ever had.

The tofu stew and the Jap-Chae were standard. The tofu stew could use a little more spice though.
This review is for their lunch. We came super hungry after being across the street struggling with the passport organization. We were excited to get some Korean food and for a great price of $10. 

We ordered the kimchi rice with pork and the teriyaki chicken with vegetables. The Kimchi rice was not very spicy, but definitely had a nice little kick to remind you about that kimchi. It also brought a very over easy egg on top to help with the protein portion. 

The teriyaki chicken was really sweet, a super thick sauce on it. It was good, just not great. The chicken portion was also really small, way more veggies. The seaweed and cucumber sides were quite small but good compliments to the dishes.  

The service was a bit slow, and we were literally the only people here. The ladies working were not friendly at all. 

Overall, I think the place is ok, not somewhere I'm running back to.
Walked past here and a hunger pang struck, my stomach had made up its mind. The staff were very friendly, and we tried out two Korean drinks new to us, the Hong Cho, which tastes a bit like kombucha except you actually enjoy it, and the Yuza, a citrus drink.

We ate a bibimbop and a marinated salmon. A word of warning, the salmon is raw. Both came with side dishes, and white rice. The salmon is marinated in soy sauce and goes perfectly with a bit of white rice, the quality shows. The bibimbop was delicious and piping hot.
Found this newly opened gem the other night and an enjoyed dinner with a friend, and had the entire restaurant to ourselves! The owners are extremely friendly and very attentive. The space is very well designed and has a cool mural of an Asian woman. The food was good, we got the spicy pork bowl, the appetizer sampler and bimbimbap. The pork was super flavorful and spicy, I wanted the sauce for every dish! The bimbimbap was authentic and tasty! I will be back to try more dishes.
Checked out this place for dinner on a Friday night and we were seated right away. The ambiance is cute and cozy, plus it's in Old City, one of my fave parts of Philly. We started off with the "chili rice gnocchi" otherwise known as ddukbokki (I had to check the Korean text next to the name to confirm it was the same thing). It was nice and spicy but I'm not used to my ddukbokki being topped with mozzarella cheese. Then we ordered the japchae with beef which was pretty good. The two dishes were appetizers and priced accordingly but the portion sizes were smaller than expected. Then we split the stone pot bibimbap with beef, which was solid, exactly what I expected. Overall I enjoyed the meal but did leave with ample space for dessert (not complaining), I would come back to try some of the other menu items.
Food was good! But it really bothered me the portion of one entree was hardly enough for one person? I think they really failed to advertise that they hope u order like you do with a 3 course meal? Or tapas style~ but no doubt food was on point! 

The budae jigae stew was sooo tasty! Again I wish that alone was enough for the meal~ but nope! 

Our pajeon could almost be labeled as burnt so I'm not sure what happened .. since it was so small, it didn't hold that much seafood either, idk if the premium was worth it. 

If it's convenient for you to stop by, do try it! But dun worry about fomo~
Walked by this place last week and saw that they were opening up so was looking forward to trying it out. This place definitely does not disappoint we ordered about a total of seven or eight dishes and every single one of them was absolutely delicious. By far one of the best authentic Korean restaurants around. I will definitely be back here again.
I haven't been in Olde City in quite a long time, so while walking with coworkers during lunch was pleasantly surprised to see a Korean restaurant.. It's not your mom's traditional Korean restaurant, it had some modern/hip feel to it, and appears to have been a renovated bar.  The narrow entry way leads to more spaced out, dimly lit seating in the back.  

The menu was pretty standard of a Korean restaurant, appetizers such as korean wings, entrees such as bibimbap, spicy noodles, etc. I got the short rib Bibimbap for $15 while my colleagues both got the spicey soup.  Because it was a new year special, they provided a nice little rice cake soup, nice touch.  

Overall, the food and service was good, no complaints.  The portions, could've been a little bigger, but nothing.  I'd come again if in the mood for Korean food.
I went for a birthday dinner with a friend! I love the food! It is so good!! Had the seafood pancake, the banchan sampler, army soup and the pork on stone bowl! I ate so much!! Service is excellent!!
Truly shocked at how this place has raving reviews. The food is all at best mediocre (everything was super sweet), it does not taste authentically Korean, and I was appalled at their restroom sign.

The only thing we enjoyed here was the fried chicken appetizer and it's not that hard for fried chicken to taste good. The stew I ordered tasted under-seasoned and too sweet all at the same time. 

The restaurant was a 3 star until I went to the bathroom. The bathroom sign suggests a "man" figure peeking in to a bathroom stall that a "woman" figure is using. If it's humor they aimed for they miserably failed. Way to promote crime.
My husband was craving Korean food so we wandered into this place. Bottom line: solidly average, ok. Not great, not bad.  

We started with the Korean fried chicken starter. This is usually my favorite and I was looking forward to trying it here but it was pretty meh. 
 
I had the beef bulgogi with purple rice (a combo of black and white rice ) which comes with 4 banchan (unfortunately not of your choice): pickled radish, pickled eggplant, green bean salad and cucumbers. Of everything I tried I have to say that the pickled eggplant was my favorite (random, I know). Delightfully sweet with a tang. The bulgogi was ok, and pretty good value for money (I did enjoy my leftovers later). 

My husband tried the paella (pork and chorizo, there are other options). I honestly was not expecting to see something like that on the menu, a creative twist which tasted pretty good...very greasy and more reminiscent of jollof rice rather than traditional paella but good. 

The service left a lot to be desired (and why I feel like I can't give more than 3 stars). We came at a reasonably slow time. (there were only 2 other tables occupied when we came in) but still seemed understaffed. Took a while for someone to seat us, we just waited awkwardly at the door. Took a while for a server to bring water and to refill throughout the meal (we had to call someone over and ask a few times)...just inattentive. And the server forgot part of my order originally...I know things happen and the 2 servers there seemed very pleasant but all the stuff together kind of just left me a little salty.
I really liked my Rib Eye Bulgogi Skillet! I originally intended to take leftovers for lunch the next day, but it was so good that I ate it all in one sitting. I tried my friends' dishes but wasn't too impressed with them, so I'm glad with what I ordered, I just wish it wasn't $18 or that they provided side dishes along with the meal. The restaurant is cute, but the servers were not the most attentive because they were talking to each other (not even busy with other customers).
This is our new favorite Korean restaurant. My girlfriend and I love Korean food. We came across this new place and we read the story of the owners who are also the chefs and we wanted to give it a try. We went twice within a week. That's how delicious the food is. Best rib eye ever!! The place is byob and very reasonably priced. We made a reservation every time we went because the place is small and busy so I recommend doing that. I can't wait to go back again.
First off...don't go here expecting authentic Korean. It's a different take. 

That said it is really good food. I recommend trying it and think most people will love it. 

Small restaurant but very nicely decorated and clean. 

Only tried three items on the menu so we will have to come back and try more, which we will!

Came for lunch during the week and it was pretty quiet. 

Had the Korean fried chicken, japchae with bulgogi , and the galbi bourginione. 

The Korean fried chicken was really good. Super crunchy and nicely seasoned with a yummy sweet chili sauce. 

Japchae was a little different than others I've had but good. It was a little more Chinese than Korean in flavor profile. Really nicely cooked noodles, with good veggies and a yummy beef topping. Only thing i felt it needed was a little sweetness...but after adding a lil Dollop of the sweet chili sauce from the chicken it was perfect. 

Finally the galbi bourginione. This was delicious! Not galbi like I've had in any Korean restaurant before. The chef clearly has some French training. This was like a French bourginione with melt in your mouth, unctuous short rib instead of braised chuck.  The beef was fall apart tender, gooey and wonderful. Nice mushrooms, onions and a little asparagus. Excellent dish. 

Service was solid and the chef even came out to check on us and make sure we enjoyed which is a plus. 

One small negative is that the Bonchon is all a la carte . That isn't appropriate at a Korean place. It should be free with the meal. 

A little more sweetness on the japchae and some complimentary Bonchon would make it five star and worthy of high praise. 

Good place overall for sure.
I'm between a 4 and a 5 -- I enjoyed what I get, but I feel like there are a couple things that would take this to 5 stars for me.

For one, finally a Korean restaurant in Old City. Thank you!! It's easy enough to find a vegetarian option, and my omnivore pals are happy too. 

Of my complaints, is I feel like the place is in-between a casual and a nicer sit-down ... I would like them to lean toward the latter, because I love a sit-down lunch (think Farmacia vs. a sandwich place, with Farmacia being the nicer). There's also a strange sexist poster up that is just weird in the bad way and makes me uncomfortable, and I hope they take that down eventually.
Came here as a request from my mom to check out a Korean restaurant in Philadelphia! From looking at different reviews, we decided to go here.

First off - ambiance. It is a very small restaurant, however, you can't tell because of the super high ceilings and chandelier, which makes the room look larger than what it is. Definitely a cozy spot, would not be ideal for large groups, but I'm sure the restaurant can accommodate.

Secondly, the food. Love that main entrees come with banchan! Ordered a bunch of appetizers like the Korean fried chicken, tteok bboki (not shown), and seafood japchae. These were all very good, truly appetizer size lol so keep that in mind. M brother got the Korean fried rice, while my mom and I shared the bulgogi. The fried rice was good, considered mild but def on the spicier side. Bulgogi was also good, however wish it had more of the marinade. 

Finally, BYOB! Enough said lol.

Would recommend for a nice lunch/dinner with a friend!
Buk Chon is located in Center City and was just what we needed after a long day of sightseeing. We got to the restaurant at 9:30 pm on a Saturday just in time for last call for orders (about 9:45) and tried the Spicy Pork Buns, Kimchi Paella with Pork/Chorizo, and the Fire Chicken (original spicy), all of which we would recommend! The entrees are so big that we could have been full with just 1 rather than 2 but the food was so good we were happy to take leftovers back home. The Kimchi Paella was our favorite as it was such a unique fusion and the crispy rice on the sides that result from the stone bowl can't be beat. Spice levels were not super high, but we were okay with it since the food itself was all piping hot in temperature. Prices are also very reasonable especially for how delicious and big portioned the food was!
Atmosphere: Nice and clean interior with a darker ambience. This is a good spot for date nights or gatherings with friends. We visited pre-COVID lockdowns. 

Service: Our waiter was very friendly and attentive! She was happy to give us recommendations of her favorite dishes.

Food: We ordered the rib eye beef bibimbap and seafood soft tofu soup (soondubu-jjigae). Though the food was decent, it was not particularly flavorful - the soft tofu soup was not really spicy and a bit bland, while the beef in the bibimbap was not notably outstanding. We also did not feel completely full by the end of our meal. If you are looking for good Korean food, there are probably better options elsewhere that are more filling and not as overpriced. 

Overall: Although the atmosphere and service was nice, we did not think the food was entirely worth the money. This is a nice spot for hanging out with friends and trying Korean food, but we were hoping for more flavor in the dishes!
I had an OK experience at this Korean resto in Olde city. Not your traditional Korean spot. They don't offer sides as part of your meal and their galbi isn't prepared the Korean BBQ style. I was actually disappointed in their food as their ambiance and service was very nice. Their prices are a bit on the higher end as it is in Olde city but it definitely does not reflect the quality.
Fantastic. This is now my new go-to restaurant. Everything from the atmosphere, location, service, to food was amazing. 

I had noticed they opened a few weeks earlier and I was really excited to try. I went with my significant other and a coworker. We brought a bottle of wine. 

We ate so much food and it was all great prices. I honestly can't say enough good. 

The food I recommend is the any of the hot stone pots, Korean "gnocchi", bulgogi linguini, the sampler, the bao, and really anything. It was all amazing. Photos to follow
I really enjoyed my dinner at Buk Chon! It's byob and has a very traditional Korean menu. But the nice thing about the menu is that it's not too intense or overwhelming. It just has all the classic Korean dishes. 

My friend and I came pretty early at around 5:30 on Saturday and didn't have reservations. At that time, there were several tables available but as it got later, the majority of tables filled up. We ordered the Korean fried chicken (with chilli sauce), the bimbimbop with beef and the tofu stew. Overall, the dishes were not too spicy. To me, it was all just pretty mild spice, so if you're looking for super spicy, it wasn't that. 

The KFC was really good, especially for being boneless! I usually like bone-in wings and think boneless can sometimes be dry, but the boneless KFC here was really good! I also enjoyed the bimbimbop and stew. Both were well made, authentic dishes!
Buk Chon opened about a year ago in Old City and damn, it is fire. The service was great and the food was outstanding. Although there are a million other great eats in Philadelphia, I definitely can't wait to return.
Did I mention there was happy hour on a weekend? For the life of me, I can't remember what it is. I'm pretty sure its 1/2 off an appetizer with any purchase of an entree. Can anyone confirm this?

What we ordered: 
Japchae: stir-fried sweet potato noodles with assorted veggies

We had to order a noodle dish. It would be un-Korean to do so. The veggies and sweet potato noodles were a great mix of flavor. I love sweet potatoes, so any time I can incorporate them into my meal, I'm in. I'll order 6 more, please.

Korean Fried Chicken: double-fried boneless chicken thighs in Korean Chili sauce

This was hands-down the best thing I ate during dinner. The chili sauce had a great balance of sweetness and heat. The chicken was still moist inside. Still thinking about that delicious appetizer. YES PLEASE.

Chili Rice Gnocchi: rice gnocchi, fish tofu with chili paste topped with mozzarella.

Have you ever ordered gnocchi at an Asian restaurant? I know I haven't before. It was okay, definitely not my favorite part but definitely an interesting twist on the cuisine. I didn't care for the tomato base and mozzarella, but then again, I can't really handle cheese anymore. The fish tofu had a unique texture which I enjoyed and it wasn't overly fishy.

Galbi Bourguignon: slow-braised short ribs with mushrooms and asparagus skillet

The amount of food in each entrée was absurd. Three hungry girls barely made a dent in this. The flavors were really well balanced and really flavorful in the Galbi; however, the texture wasn't for me. It was similar to a pot roast. It was delicious but needed a different texture to separate it from the vegetables. When I added the rice, it was a much more complete dish.

Spicy Pork: grilled spicy pork over rice and assorted vegetable skillet

Definitely my favorite dinner entrée. The pork had a great amount of heat that carried through each bite, but not spicy enough to take over the whole meal. The pork had a slight sear on it which made it have a slightly different texture. I thought it was great.

Ribeye Bulgogi: thinly sliced grilled beef with assorted vegetable.

A really good representation of bulgogi. The Korean beef on top of some vinegar-seasoned rice definitely hit the spot after walking around the city for a lot of the day. The grilled beef had a great flavor.

Side of Kimchi

I love kimchi. If I could put it on everything, I probably would. It doesn't last long when I have it in my house.

I thought all the dishes were large in size. The entrees came with sides of rice. I had leftovers for a few days and I was terribly sad when they were all eaten. If you are in the Old City area and need a bite to eat, definitely head to Buk Chon. You won't be disappointed.
Nice small, quaint spot for Korean food. Dined in around 9:45 on a Saturday eve. Their kitchen closes relatively early for the weekend at 10. There were still a few tables full of people but the restaurant was fairly quiet by then. 

Their menu is tailored but very solid varied options . Plenty of vegetarian options too. The food was very good, fresh, flavorful. The tofu salad was so delicious. The Bibimbap was fresh and tasty. Everything we tried was great. 

I would definitely come back and dine again. Service was friendly and attentive. This place is BYOB.
Found it on Yelp! Great food and people!

We ordered a stone bowl spicy pork & beef and a korean fried chicken.
Me and my friend heard about a new Korean restaurant in old city and we came right away to try it since we loved korean food. The food was very delicious and they had authentic korean drinks that I couldn't find anywhere else. The staff were also extremely nice and helpful. Definitely coming back and I recommend to anyone.
Excellent Authentic Korean Cuisine. Staff knowledgeable and owner operators are wonderful
4.1/5

There really isn't very much good Korean food in Philly (and believe me, I've tried looking), so this might be the best Korean food I've had in Philly. That being said, this place is MUCH pricier than your standard Korean restaurant, and I've definitely had better Korean food for much cheaper in other cities...but beggars can't be choosers right? :P 

I did really enjoy their cheese ddeokbokki (which I find hilarious that they call "gnocchi" -- I suppose this is the closest western approximation?), and their fire chicken dish, which can be quite spicy if you ask for it.

It's also pretty untraditional that the place only serves banchan with some dishes or as a side, instead of being complimentary. The menu with its westernized names, the modern inner ambiance, and the high prices make the restaurant seem at first glance like a fusion restaurant, but the food actually tasted more authentic than I expected (except the banchan) -- don't let the words "gnocchi" and "kale" on the menu throw you off too much :)
tl;dr behind the punk-modern aesthetic and Westernized-menu, this Old City BYOB  serves large platters of solid Korean fare

Enter into a narrow, low-ceilinged hallway with dark wooden flooring. Two-seater tables are spaced evenly along the white subway-tiled wall and one side, while clear tubes of incandescent bulbs dangle above the staff prep area on the other. This corridor opens up into a large, cubical room. Tastefully melted candles and graffiti-style art decorate cubbies within the vast exposed brick walls, while an ornate metal chandelier hangs from the high, pressed-tin ceiling. A rust-red cushioned booth loops around the room, with a four-seater table pressed into each corner. Acoustic Korean music plays unobtrusively in the background. Take the steps down into the industrial basement to find the clean, unisex washrooms.

During our visit this weekend, my partner and I opted for the Korean Fried Chicken (with Honey-soy), Tteok-bokki (stir-fried rice cakes), and Spicy Pork Skillet. The boneless, popcorn chicken-style KFC sported a light, crispy breading. The sauce itself was sweet, but not overwhelmingly so. Although the nuggets were heavily sauced, they remained surprisingly crispy. The tteok bokki (described on the menu as "gnocchi") consisted of rice cakes, ramen noodles, and fish-sauce tofu, doused in a ketchup-y sweet-and-spicy sauce then sprinkled with mozzarella. I enjoyed the different textures and found the stringy cheese to be the highlight. However, the flavors became progressively one-dimensional as we ate our way through the large platter. The pork skillet had a large mound of meat, topped with a chili oil sauce. Unlike the tteok bokki chili sauce, this one was more umami and thicker in consistency. The spice pleasantly lingered on the tongue, rather than being overwhelmingly forward. The bonchon felt higher quality than peer restaurants. My favorite was the pickled eggplant. Nonetheless, I found it moderately offputting that they only come free if you order a skillet (and, even then, you receive a random 4 of the 6 possible options).

Service was memorably friendly and appropriately attentive. The restaurant was around half-capacity when we arrived but was full by the time we finished. The atmosphere and menu descriptions originally had me expecting Korean-American fusion cuisine, but the dishes were surprisingly authentic. The large-sized portions took me from ravenous to pleasantly full. At $52 (after tax and tip), Buk Chon definitely scales to Old City prices -- this is partially offset by their BYO policy. Although not every dish was a hit, this spot cooks up some solid Korean eats (something, for which, Philly is severely lacking). Buk Chon is definitely worthy of a return visit.
I tried Buk Chon recently as they have limited outdoor patio dining open. I really enjoyed their take on some Korean classics!

The japchae was recommended to my by a friend, and it was definitely something special. They somehow got a smokey charred flavor into the noodles which elevated this normally humble dish. I also got their Korean fried chicken appetizer. This was tasty and had a nice sweet and spicy sauce.

Friends got the kimchi fried rice and banchan sampler (since you don't get banchan included with your meal). These also tasted really good and fresh! The fried rice was light but still flavorful, and the banchan looked absolutely beautiful.

In terms of safety, our food was served in to-go containers and came with disposable utensils. The owners wore masks. The menu was set on a stand nearby so we didn't need to touch it or flip through it. I felt very safe eating here.
3.5 i didnt know they edit their menu for covid. They didnt have too much to choose from but me and my bf got a bibimbap. I like the variety of diff veggies. Not ur traditional bibimbap but it tasted great!! Sat us outside. Wish they offered drinks.
My boyfriend and I came here for a general date, and when we got there I was thankful that we made a reservation because the wait was pretty horrendous. The space itself is quite modern, but the food definitely tasted like a neighborhood diner in suburban Seoul. The jeyuk and bulgogi were impressively well marinated and cooked, which I can't say about all Korean iterations in the non-Cheltenham areas of the city. The japchae was actually annoyingly delicious, but there wasn't enough of it and I felt like for the price, they could have at least gave some more noodles.

I was a little annoyed that they didn't do the traditional Korean way with free side dishes because who eats a meal without kimchi? That's like a meal with no rice. I GET it, I just don't think it was the best decision. I digress.

The green tea ice cream is NOT matcha, just a heads up. Think Chinese green tea when you get bubble tea. In any case, I enjoyed my time here and although the service crew was greener than grass in mid-July, I would definitely come back.
It's a charming restaurant kind of tucked away, but I feel like they try too hard to be more "high class" than they really are. They have a pretty small menu so it's not too overwhelming. The service was decent but the food did take forever to arrive. 

I feel like their flavor profile has been greatly Americanized. Everything is on the milder side. Sauces tasted water down. I had the seafood pancake, beef bulgogi skillet and the spicy pork bibimbap. The seafood pancake came with a decent amount of seafood and crispy around the edges, but the dipping sauce was way too vinegary. The beef bulgogi tasted more like stir fried beef than bulgogi. The bibimbap came in a stone pot so that was nice. I wasn't a fan of their gochujang sauce though. It was way too sweet, watery and lacked heat. The worst part of all was we had to pay for the banchans! What kind of Korean restaurant doesn't come with complimentary banchans?!?! It's like going to a Mexican restaurant and not receiving complimentary chips. Told you this place isn't legit. 

Not the most authentic Korean restaurant in the area. Honestly, I feel like there are better and cheaper options in Chinatown. This place is good for those new to Korean cuisines and would like to just dip a toe in. For Korean food fanatics, this place might be a bit disappointing.
I've always had to travel to the North Philly/Cheltenham area to find good Korean food but with Buk Chon in old city I get to have my Korean food fix without having to drive so far. Buk Chon's menu is pretty limited and it's not exactly traditional Korean food (I think) but the flavors are absolutely fantastic. They don't serve free banchan (side dishes) and the appetizers are on the smaller side but these things are not a deal breaker for me because the quality makes up for it all. These are the things that I've tried so far:

1. Seafood pancake - nice and crispy on the outside while soft and chewy on the inside and packed with seafood. The portion is very small so don't be surprised when you order.

2. Kimchi & tofu appetizer - delicious stir fry kimchi and pork with lightly pan fried firm tofu. Also, a very small portion.

3. Spicy pork over rice - a real winner. Tons of pork over rice seasoned perfectly. Be careful because it's served in piping hot stone bowl and you can easily burn your mouth eating this. Just scoop the food onto your plate for it to cool and enjoy!

4. Galbi bourgiunon - tender, fall off the bone short ribs in a delicious, savory, thick sauce. The galbi is not cut like the traditional galbi (flanken style) but more like the regular English style cut. A very comforting dish!

5. Soondubu (tofu soup) - the flavor of their tofu soup is not as good as the Korean restaurants in North Philly but pretty good compared to other restaurants around the center city area.

6. Chili gnocchi - Korean rice cakes in a spicy tomato sauce with fish cake and cheese. It was too spicy and the rice cakes were a tad undercooked when I ordered it. The only item I would not order again from here.
Place and l'ovation gives out a very fancy but yet cozy vibe for a romantic date or a casual meeting with friends and family. The food is very nicely plated, the service here is very friendly which gives out a homing and very comfortable vibe. The location of the restaurant is very close to many places likewise to the independence hall as well as a very nice view of the Delaware river.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a  cozy restaurant. 
One bad thing is that there's a limited street parking therefore might cause a little inconvenience however, it is definitely worth a try.
Let me first start that I'm tough to please when it comes to asian fusion as it's usually subpar and expensive from my experience. However, I give every restaurant a chance to prove me wrong and Buk Chon did not! 

First of all, ban chan (korean starter dishes) should always be free. It is ridiculous that'll it cost $3-6 for something that is free in most korean restaurants. I got it anyway to at least try it. The ban chan tasted to sweet and I probably won't be ordering it again.

The entree dishes and soups are decent. However, I still noticed that the entrees were overly sweet. The bulgogi was cooked well but I'm looking for more depth in korean fusion instead of what I got. Overall, the food was lackluster and I probably will not go back anytime soon.
First time here in old city and loved the food. Soft tofu stew was the exact thing I wanted in the cold weather. Piping hot, super soft fresh tofu and veggies and Super delicious ...slurp slurp! Also tried the Shrimp Kimchi Paella that was really flavorful too. Korean Pear Punch was so refreshing. Great place and good service. Lovely ambiance. I will come back again to try their green onion pancakes as they looked really good in pics.
We dined here and have no regrets!  I didn't realize it was BYOB but the server gave us a menu for the bar next door so we could go grab drinks there and bring them over. He also gave us directions to a shop selling wine and beer. It was quicker and easier to just go next door :)

There is outdoor dining but we opted for indoor since they were taking all the recommended COVID precautions. The service was excellent - very helpful in answering questions and making recommendations. The Spicy Pork Buns are fantastic. We started with those and also got a green onion pancake. Beware - you might fill up on these things!  The quantity of food with our main courses was large - we all took leftovers home (even my mom and I as we were sharing the prime rib skillet). If you order extra spicy - know that it's VERY spicy - make you sweat kinda spicy...lol!  But very yummy!
If you're craving korean food in Philly with a hip ambiance,  this is the place for you!

I really appreciated the decor and interior (perfect for date nights) and the small touches, like the higher end disposable chopsticks (no splinters for me!) 

Although they have renamed traditional korean foods into more Americanized terms (dduk=rice gnocchi), I still found the food to be very traditional tasting. The banchan were light and refreshing, the japchae was a cut above other japchae I've eaten, with a smoky flavor. 

I thought the staff was very considerate, attentive to filling our waters, okay with modifying the dishes (I asked for no pork in my kimchi fried rice), and generally very nice. 

One note- the kimchi fried rice is a little spicier than you might imagine, so be cautious! Other than that, I'm very happy with this new find and will be back soon!
We came here (party of 5) at around 6pm on a Saturday without a reservation and were seated promptly. I ordered a beef bulgolgi rice bowl and "rice gnocchi" (aka ddeokbukki lol). Both were absolutely delicious! Service was also prompt and helpful.

Unfortunately, this place does not provide complimentary ban chan (unlike most Korean restaurants), so I'm docking a star for that -- otherwise, definitely 5 stars.
My husband and I are forever looking for a good Korean restaurant in the city and FINALLY we found one!!! We came here for lunch and was not disappointed. I got the spicy pork lunch special that came with rice and a banchan for $9.99. My husband loves jap chae so he ordered the beef jap chae. Is definitely one of the best jap chae I had tried so far. Everyone should try this place if you love Korean food.
Overrated. Came here for dinner with a group. The food here is good, but not that much better than your average Korean restaurant, and yet it is so much pricier. Unlike most Korean restaurants, you don't get any kimchi or banchan either, which you must pay extra for here. This place is BYO though, so my friend was able to run across the street and grab some soju, which they provided shot glasses for. In a flash of genius, I ordered a drink to use as a mixer, forget what it was called but it was basically Calpico.

I got the pork bibimbap and it was such a small portion, my bowl was only half full with just a small "pie chart" section of meat. They could have at least put more rice in the bowl since that's such a cheap ingredient. Should have gotten the spicy pork bowl instead for the same price. At least the flavor was good.

One thing that was a very off-putting to me was how they weirdly whitewashed all of the names of these very typical Korean dishes, like calling tteokbokki "chili rice gnocchi" or calling kimchi fried rice "paella" or adding "bourgignon" to their galbi. It wasn't like they were serving some novel fusion food, the only Spanish thing about the paella is that it contains chorizo. I wonder if it's an attempt at making their food sound more European to seem fancier, and that's frankly kinda sad, especially since it seems to be Korean-owned. 

Overall, I would eat here again if it were convenient, but I wouldn't intentionally make a trip back just for this place. It's overpriced for what it is.
Best new Korean quick stop for lunch. Love the short menu.
I was surprised at the speed and quality of the food here.
There are many vegetarian options; the green onion pancake and crispy sweet potato and japchae to name a few. Everything is clean and crispy for you to hear the crunch.
I will come back with a bigger crowd.
Modern twist on classic Korean food.

This isn't your traditional Korean fare. Definitely a modern interpretation with hints on the old school, and it truly works.

The owner is a super nice guy, who came out both times we visited to greet our table and check in.

The style of the inside is quite modern with beautiful high ceilings.

The menu is small, but for all the right reasons. It's an old school Korean mindset, short menu but execute well. A bit privy if you're used to Korean dishes but worth it based on the flavors and quality used.

I will say it was a bit disappointing that you have to pay for bonchon but it's understandable.

If you're looking for "classic" traditional Korean flavors this may not be your spot, but it's definitely good food.

Get the army stew. Such a normally simple dish that was elevated and modernized.

I will for sure continue to go back
Absolutely loved it. It's the authentic Korean restaurant Philly has been yearning for. Their staple dish, the Galbi Skillet was phenomenal--tender, juicy and flavorful. Korean fried wings and seafood pancake were also perfectly made. On top of that, Chris, the owner shared his utmost hospitality in welcoming my friends visiting from NYC and Boston. They are an ethnically diverse group so he took the time to share Korean drinking culture tips, phrases and an overall fun & fantastic experience. Cheers!
Everything was delicious. I'm doing my best not to compare this to my mom's cooking because that would be ridiculous. This has an interesting blend of korean fusion dishes to appeal to everyone and that's pretty much what I had. Everything was delicious, and my american friends who never had korean were very pleased. When you're craving your mom's cooking like I do all the time, this might not be your #1 choice but it's a tasty dinner spot nonetheless.
I come here for lunch every week specifically for the Ramyum-spicy noodle soup. I LOVE IT, I CRAVE IT, I NEED IT NOW! The pork buns are also very delicious. 

PLEASE have the spicy noodle soup for dinner so I can come here even more. I beg you!
The ambience here is so romantic, I love it! I would be happy bringing anyone here to introduce them to Korean food as there is a lack of it downtown. I'm accustomed to the Korean and Korean-Chinese foods in North Philly, and a problem I often have is the language barrier and not knowing what dish I'm getting in general (other than the general protein/fried/rice/noodles). No problems here as the menu is explained! I do wish I could adjust the spiciness level though as I found the stews not as spicy as I'm used to. Also BYOB, and during happy hour, appetizers are half off with an entree! 

I like how this restaurant has both comfort food options (rice cakes and kfc) and more famous dishes like their Galbi as well. It is a wonderful place for a special occasion meal right in old city.
After reading the glowing reviews, we tried Buk Chon on 3/7. It was not crowded and we had our choice of tables. We shared the korean fried chicken in soy and scallion seafood pancake which contained shrimp as our appetizers. The chicken came in cube like pieces and had thin sliced almonds on it and made it easy to share. It was truly delicious. The pancake came out later in the meal and was big so it was also good to share. The main courses we had were better than the appetizers. We shared the shredded rib eye on the skillet and the short rib on the skillet. The flavoring and tenderness of the meat was superb. The rice that accompanied it was also excellent. I am coming back for that meat again soon.
Their tofu soup is so good. It's not too salty. The service was nice. The decorations are simple but classy. I love it. I definitely will come back
Yelp always works. We did a search by distance, Buk Chon was close, saw the reviews and were great. 
Sat down, ordered and we have been surprised by the quality of food served here. All
Made to order, warm and in hot plates imported from Korea. So this great tasting food stayed hot and warm until the last bite. 
Awesome place.
I lovedddd this place! It was BYOB so we brought a couple bottles of wine. I got the rice gnocchi and the soft tofu stew. Everything was so yummy and the rice gnocchi had great texture. You can't really go wrong with tofu stew so that was a safe one to order. The place was cute, kinda small so our group of 9 had to split up at first if we didn't want to wait a while. They were so nice and let us combine once the table next to us freed up though!
Had to try the salad as traditionally there is no salad dish in Korean cuisine. It was surprisingly good! If there ever was a Korean salad, this is how it would taste! My daughter loved the fried chicken. She said it was very crunchy, flavorful, but a little dry. She really enjoyed it! Overall a very quaint, relaxed, diverse, and intimate environment. Loved it. Would come again.
We come here regularly (the Old City location is convenient and where the former Zento used to be) and are working our way through the menu--which is not that big--but what they do, they do well. All things considered, Buk Chon is arguably the best Korean restaurant in Philly, even if it's not exactly traditional (banchan side dishes cost extra; and pork buns, while tasty, aren't Korean either). The staff is friendly, but my only suggestion is that one waiter in particular invest in some body spray, as it rather noticeably detracts from the dining experience.
Last night my wife and I came in for Dinner. We weren't quite sure what to expect but decided to give it a try since it was in the city and we weren't quite sure what to eat. The food people posted looked good and we gave it a shot. We were not disappointed at all. We had the Korean Chili wings, Kim-Chi Fried rice and the Spicy Pork Bowl.

We wish the Korean Chili wings were a little bit spicier. However, we did like the fact they were super crispy and boneless. We weren't really looking to get our hands super messy last night so it was perfect!

The Kim-Fried rice was pretty good. It wasn't too spicy and it didn't have a sour after taste like some places we have tried. The portion was also perfect. not too overwhelming at all. 

I felt like the Spicy Pork Bowl was the best. Normally, when you order a hot stone bowl the rice at the bottom tends to burn very quickly. When I started tossing the rice to mix it with the veggies and the pork. It wasn't burnt at the bottom either! The green onions were a little big they weren't cut into bite size so I picked them out of the bowl. Besides that everything was great. 

There's not a lot of Korean places that I would recommend but I would definitely go here.
The food was alright, but the restaurant felt like Korean food for non-Koreans rather than something more authentic. The menu options were quite limited and it felt like their dishes lacked the more authentic spice and flavior.
Came by last night at 9:30pm because I had just gotten out of a movie and some other restaurants seemed like they were closed, closing down, or crappy bar food. I was staying nearby on Chestnut so this wasn't too arduous of a walk.

It's a small restaurant, sort of blink and you'll miss it, but they had a sandwich board out and once inside you're pleasantly surprised at the clean cozy furnishings. I was greeted with a super friendly seat yourself, even though I was the last diner served for the night. Tables of people nearby were cheery with good discussions, a more raucous soju type table toward the back. Good vibe for solo dining or groups or couples! 

I asked my server what his favorite was and he recommended the bulgogi I though he said the bibimbap was most popular. No kidding, the safety of bibimbap ha. 

I ordered the banchan sampler and the bulgogi rice bowl. It came super quick, and it was so good. Like really excellent food, the quality was great.

I'd characterize this as others have: beginner Korean. Sort of like, hipster fusion bar meets Korean food, but the right way to be 75% Korean restaurant expectation plus 25% contemporary hip restaurant. 

The least expensive meal for me this week and arguably the best, the location is great and I will come again, particularly if I'm staying nearby but if it's the right time I'll trek over from center city (or grab a ride) too. 

Really, happy/pleased/surprised. Not overhyped to me, worth it. 

They closed up while I was there but didn't rush me out, I worked in the service industry before and sort of rushed myself out rather than make people wait. Hope you can make it!
This place was a disappointment.

I had high expectations and initially walking in I thought the food would meet that expectation because the decor is very nice. There was no one else there when me and my friend arrived.

The food is was very lackluster, including the korean fried wings, and the soondubu was also really lacking authentic flavor. For the price, the food was not worth it.

Service: Attentive, somewhat quick.
Parking: Can be tough. Street Metered Parking.
Food: Not worth it. Meh. 
Would I come back here? No. I wouldn't recommend it either.
Great place! I was warned that Philly doesn't have the best korean food but this place was so yummy! I was born in Korea and grew up in Los Angeles, so I know a decent korean place when I try it. Everything we tried was yummy. We had bibimbap, kimchi fried rice, spicy rice cake, and bulgogi. If you are looking for good korean food I would highly recommend this place. Only thing I was surprised by was that they charge you for banchan (small dishes) as korean restaurant usually give them out for free (and free unlimited refills). We had to try it so we got the banchan tasting plate and everything was delicious! You won't be disappointed.
It's an interesting fusion menu here. The decor inside is cool. 

Justin is waiting on us, he's nice and attentive and quick. 

They are good about spacing people apart inside this narrow space. 

Their pear punch comes out of a can, the kind I buy at the Korean market. It has the pear sediment found in the cans. We heard him crack open a can for my drink. It tastes like the can too, super sweet and filled with high fructose sugars. Settled back to water. 

We started off with the chili rice gnocchi, the banchan sampler came with our Fire chicken with cheese and a chicken bibimbap with gochujang chili sauce.

The radishes are a little too sweet for me. The kimchi is good and fresh. The corn, carrots and edamame is tasty. It has some sesame oil in there, with your love.

The chili rice gnocchi is different, nice and cheesy. There's also Ramen noodles. It's nice and chewy and ewwey and tasty. It's good and spicy too. The fish cakes are soft and yummy. Just wrap the cheese around the spoon like a spool to get it into your mouth. 

The chicken bibimbap has a nice mix of veggies: bean sprouts, carrots, kale, edamame, pea pods, red peppers. The gochujang comes in a plastic ramekin. I asked for a side of sesame for my bibimbap. It's all good. 

The fire chicken with cheese had big saucy red spicy chicken in it. It's tasty. 

My favorite item was definitely the chili rice gnocchi was my jam here. Food was all tasty.

You get a bottle of hand sanitizer to use with the bill.
Delivery was seamless and on time.  The food was still hot, which was great!

Our order was  very basic.  The basics set a good foundation for something great.  Some of these restaurants get so caught up in dolling stuff up that the basics are completely missed.  But Chon is not one of them.

The Korean Fried Chicken is boneless...so no need to eat around the bones.  You can just jump right in on the goods.  The sauce was generously placed on these wings.  No wing left uncovered.  Crunchy and flavorful!  The only thing wrong with these wings is the fact that we didn't order more 

But these spicy buns!!! Not too spicy at all, but the perfect amount of kick.  The pork was tender and not too fatty.  A lot of times I find these buns to be filled with more fat then actual meat and that wasn't the case here.  The meat was bursting with different flavors!  Those damn crispy but soft and fluffy buns just put my pallet on cloud nine.  Wowzers!  I'll be thinking about them for quite some time that's for sure.

Do yourself a favor and get your hands on these beauties!
Delicious meal with interesting flavors and hearty portions!  The takeout service was quick and we'll certainly be back.
This is by far one of my favorite restaurants on the planet. I regularly drive over an hour just to get one of their bibimbap bowls, as they're honestly one of the best things I've ever eaten. Very nice look to the restaurant as well and the ambience is great, perfect for a date night. The staff is consistently helpful and pleasant to speak with. 

I can't emphasize this enough, this place is the best and I will be coming here regularly for the foreseeable future.
great little gem in old city. visited on a tuesday and there still some choice seats. the ambiance is great.  service is excellent. food is great.  it's not traditional korean with bon chan and ok su cha tea so go with this information in mind.  i ordered the dol sot and tong dark in traditional korean hot sauce and both hot the spot.  as my colleague and i realized its BYOB!!!  i asked the owner? what the bottles on the wall were for.  he told me they were interesting empty bottles from customers. very cool. i'll visit again.
So I'm really torn in between this, food is good, more like 3 stars, but for me, service was great and really courteous staff. Side of banchan was not good, I think the elements of lima beans, mushroom need improvements on the flavoring, a little too sweet for my liking. Also it's not complimentary, which most korean places are. I thoroughly enjoyed the budae stew, good portions and had everything I liked, like sausage, spam, ramen noodles and a slice of cheese, with broth not overly spicy and it didn't make me sweat. It's right in old city and is on a busy road next to a couple good bars if you're in the mood for an eat then bar hop with some buddies.
We were so thrilled when Buk Chon opened because we live around the corner! We have already eaten here almost a dozen times since it's opened it's just THAT GOOD. Everything is just so delicious the staff is so friendly and the chef is just wonderful. The Japchae is a must try. The green onion pancake and rib eye bulgogi are super delicious.
We were a party of 5 and had a phenomenal dinner. The restaurant itself is a quaint BYOB with a rustic feel. The food was unreal. We tried about 9 different dishes and everything exceeded expectations. It is clear that everything is handmade and takes time to be perfectly prepared. Be patient. It's worth the wait!!! 

The "Army Stew," the short rib and the Pork Bao Buns were all incredible. 

GO AS SOON AS YOU CAN!
Delicious food delivered during pandemic time. Japchae was amazing, and so the bimbimpab and the soft tofu stew! 
Nicely prepared and package, great and professional job!
Recently stopped by this little place for a birthday lunch and I was slightly impressed. The atmosphere is calming and picture worthy but a bit too small for parties larger than 6. I ordered the fried chicken as an appetizer and it was amazing, simply put. For an entree I went with the Fire Chicken. Fire was an understatement, and by fire I mean that shit was flaming hot. While I should have expected this given the name, I was blown away and really had to push through to finish my meal. I'd probably choose differently second time around but if that's your thing, go for it.
Beautiful interior and beautiful food. One of the best stone bowl rice I had in a while. Also really recommend the "Korean punch" drinks they had grape, pear and cinnamon flaovors.
Been recommended the place by a couple people, especially for the lunch specials. 

Came to try for dinner and made a reservation through yelp. When we got there around six there weren't a lot of people but by the time we left it was definitely filling up! 

The place is nicely decorated with a couple of tall tables in front, two seaters by the bar and larger tables in the back.  

Service was quick and we got our food fairly quickly.

I had been hearing about the short rib bourginon skillet which definitely isn't traditional Korean, but had good recommendations. The meat was melt in your mouth tender and extremely delicious. We also got the soondubu, which wasn't as spicy as I liked but my mom loved the level of spiciness. There was also quite a bit of seafood in it. 

I liked the banchan variety, but wish there was kimchi in there. The ones included were daikon, eggplant, spicy pickles, and a mix of soybeans, corn, and carrots. 

There are also nice lunch specials for 9.99 on weekdays. It includes a banchan side dish along with a main dish with rice.
Oh wow we loved everything we ate here. Popped in on a Thursday night and were quickly seated in a romantic two top. We both had the bulgogi and seaweed salad. It came out sizzling and piled high with a delicious bowl of rice and fresh accoutrements.  We finished with the panna cotta with fresh blueberry preserves-- delicious. We have been back three times and also LOVE the short ribs. We recommend buk chon to everyone.
Loved this place! Great for going with a big group as a reservation was easy to get and there are lots of things you'll want to try. Went with a party of 6 and tried almost all of the menu. The appetizers are the real stars but the mains were also really good. Our group especially liked the korean fried chicken, cold appetizer sampler, rib eye bulgogi, bimbimbap, and soft tofu stew. Felt so affordable, too, since it's byo!
One of my favorite restaurants to dine in or take out / delivery. Love the Korean fried chicken, spicy pork buns, japchae with beef and spicy pork on stone bowl. Definitely consider them for delivery right now!
A great new BYOB addition to the Old City dining scene, with tasty Korean food, nice setting, good prices and friendly, efficient service. Our group shared the mixed appetizers, and I had the Tofu Bi Bim Bop, which was delicious. Comfortable, relaxed and warm atmosphere, and a great place for pre-theater, post-movie or just gathering for a good meal.
New place to check out. Not too different than what Zento to used to look like but a great menu. Had the Korean fried chicken as an appetizer and the "army stew". Both really good. Good service and the owners said "hi". Worth it.
I came here for dinner with my son. We ordered beef bulgogi, spicy chicken, and chapchae. All three meals were delicious!!!!! The bulgogi's sauce were perfectly balance of the sweet and spiciness. It did not overpower the meat, compared to other bugogi that I've had. The spicy chicken had enough heat on it and very crunchy. Finally the chapchae. It had the right amount of sesame oil on it. My son added some bulgogi meat in it and it tasted even better!!!! I highly recommend this place if you are craving for some good Korean cuisine.
We loved everything about this spot. It might sound weird, but this space has such a calming, relaxing atmosphere, I can't quite explain why. The dishes are beautiful and arranged with care, let alone flavorful and delicious. My friend ordered the fried rice and I ordered the bibimbap, and we highly recommend both. I've had bibimbap at several different spots around the city, and this is definitely one of the best ones I've had. Service is phenomenal, the server and manager were both attentive but not suffocating and gave us our space. Five stars all around!
Two lunches were delicious. And tonight went for dinner with a friend, shared 4 appetizers and 1 main dish and loved every bite.
Service: Excellent!
Atmosphere: Beautifully casual! Can't beat BYOB!
Food is where the stars fall. The Banchan pickled platter was incredibly tasty. Japchae was equally delicious. Fried chicken seemed to be a ton of breading, not much sauce or chicken. Scallion pancake with pork was very bready and almost soggy. Pork buns were decent. 

What is really a huge bummer was to find that the Bulgogi skillet was really just glorified philly steak in a hot skillet with rice. It was tasty but for $18, no thanks. I thought maybe I was being a bit critical about the steak being just thin chopped steak until I saw their lunch billboard advertising the bulgogi as a steak sandwich special.

The server accidentally put the wrong item in so we ended up getting the pork buns for free. Again, excellent customer service!
Great addition to the neighborhood. Who doesn't love a Korean BYO with delicious food, top notch service, and great atmosphere? The restaurant itself it really clean, sophisticated yet comfortable, and surprisingly quiet despite a good crowd. Everything we ordered was delicious. Don't miss out on the sweet potato fries, green onion pancake, braised short rib, and rib eye skillet.
Exceptional food! Stumbled across this Old city gem while looking for "Hot and New" restaurants in Philly and so glad I did! 

First off, the interior is rustic and tasteful. I mean who doesn't love red (brown maybe?!) and white brick walls! There is woman's face painted on the red wall and candles adorn the white one. 

Menu looked so good that we wanted to order everything on it but went with The Spicy Pork Stone Bowl, Kimchi Fried Rice, Tofu bibimbap stone bowl, Spicy Chilli Gnocchi - if you are already drooling over the names then you have to try this place! Everything was so flavorful and I am so so glad that spicy means spicy here! 

With the stunning brick walls, a large industrial style chandelier, beautiful charcoal gray stone bowls, clean presentation and amazing food, this place clearly is one of the top Korean restaurants in Philly. I can totally see it getting more and more busy as it gets famous so come here eat while it is still a secret haha.
Friendly, fast service + The fried chicken is to die for! (I got mine with the honey soy sauce) So crispy and juicy! Definitely coming back.
Everything we ordered was good. As someone who grew up in Toronto with a thriving K-town where side dishes are expected, I was nonplussed. Up your side dish game.
Excellent friendly service and hot delicious food. Enjoyed the spicy/flavorful ramyun soup and a generous helping of kimchi fried rice. Would certainly return!
We had a delicious meal at this new Korean restaurant in old city. Every dish was perfect. The portion sizes were plentiful and the wait staff was attentive. I really want this place to succeed because the food is delicious. Spread the word!
I really enjoyed dinner here. This ambience is nice and cozy, the food is delicious and the service was topnotch. I came here on a Saturday night with my wife and sister. We had just left Glory Beer a few doors down, and decided to come eat here. We did not realize until we were seated that the place was byob. Luckily, there was a beer store on 2nd Street about two minutes away, and I grabbed a few beers. 

We order the Korean Fried Chicken appetizer, which came out quickly and was essentially boneless bites. The batter was delicious and the flavor of the sauce was on point. 

For dinner, I ordered the sizzling beef bibimbap. My wife ordered the bulgogi and my sister ordered the spicy pork rice bowl. My sister asked for a mild version and the server said they will try. We all really enjoyed our meals. The rice was cooked perfectly.  The flavors were delicious.  The meat tasted fresh. The portions were as expected. The pork rice bowl was still too spicy for my sister, so my wife switched with her and they both enjoyed the rest of the meals. I was super impressed with this place and was happy to have stumbled upon it. I will definitely be back. It has a very classy yet comfortable atmosphere. It is great for a date night!
Absolutely worth to try this place. Glad to have this Korean restaurant in the Old City. It is a quiet and clean place. The owner and chef were really friendly. Had a nice service too. Chilli gnocchi is spicy at the first taste but it becomes sweet after that with cheese. Soon dubu is a little bit sweeter than what I expected but the overall taste is good. Galbi bourguignon bowl is the one you should not miss. It is so soft and just melts in your mouth. Overall banchan taste is good and nice plating. Of course, I want to visit here again!
Service is fine. My soondubu is like the worst I've ever had- no flavor at all. Fried chicken was ok, three stars. My hubs also thought his food (spicy pork) was just ok. Can't really recommend.
Went there for lunch on Saturday, very cool and clean atmosphere. Waitress was friendly and attentive.  We had some of their $9.99 lunch specials; rice cake gnocchi, spicy pork, beef and fried kimchee rice.  All were delicious but the best was the korean fried chicken for starters, we ordered both the chili and honey-soy...they were super crispy and a ton of flavor.  We will definitely eat here again
This is a great place to go on date nights! The atmosphere is nice and this restaurant has great food options. It is not the most authentic korean restaurant and is more catered toward the locals in the old city area. 

I went here twice and I must recommend the ddukbokki which they call "chilli rice gnocci" and the seafood panacake.  For a main dish, the stone bowls/beef bowls are decent. However the soft tofu stew is better in more authenic restaurants.  I would mostly come here for the tasty appetizers, atmosphere, and BYOB experience.
Had lunch here today 
Have been wanting bimbimbap for several weeks. Ordered the spicy pork version based on servers recommendation. It did not disappoint. Everything I wanted plus some. The spicy pork was flavorful and tender. The veggies were perfect texture and the hot stone bowl kept the meal warm throughout 
I loved it. :)
This place was pretty dope. And the food was really good. I was excited to see a Korean spot right around the corner from my hotel and found myself eager to check it out. (I'm glad I did.) When I arrived, there was only a group of four sitting in the back. I could see their table was full of different items and they were all eating family style... Trying everything... Laughing... Having a good time... I was low-key jealous.

I ordered the Bulgolgi with a Seaweed Salad. The meat didn't taste like most Bulgolgi that I was used to, but it was still uniquely very good on it's own. The Seaweed Salad tasted a bit more traditional and great.

I would definitely recommend this place and would love to come back... Especially when I make more friends in the area. One day...
We had the spicy pork buns, kimchi, and ribeye the bowl with rice. Everything was great! It was super fast and great service! We will be back because we saw the double fried chicken on the way out and are definitely coming back to try it!
I love the crispy spicy pork bao buns, a total game changer, and the Korean fried chicken. I go for these two items regularly. The bulgogi was a little underwhelming, but it's a size-able portion and there are lots of little accoutrements, which I adore. The restaurant itself is very cute and trendy and the service has always been great. Check it out, especially the bao buns!
This was my first time eating here with my boyfriend and everything we ordered was delicious. From sweet, salty, sour and spicy my palate was hit with a mhmmm at each bite. Once I picked up my chopsticks it never rested on the table until every dish was finished.
