Let's Pro-Con BurgerFi (from my perspective):
Pro:
- Reasonable burger size. Not too big, nor too small. Even better, reasonable prices.
- Fast service. After all, BurgerFi is a high-end fast food chain.
- Offer humanely raised, antibiotic- and hormone-free beef. Also, Veggie Burger is available.
- Fairly good hand-cut fries and onion rings.

Con: 
- Location: Right across the street from the RTM. Sorry, but I always find myself going to RTM for lunch instead. 
- If you know me, you'll know that I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, unless if its name is Five Guys Burger. Sorry, again.
- I think, If you're going to put (Burger) in the name of your chain restaurant, it better be the greatest burger in town. I had BurgerFi Burger topped with a fried egg, not once, not twice, but thrice. It didn't blow me away.

Three Yelps.
Waited a really long long time for my burger "green style" while on my hour long break. Unfortunately by the time I got my food, my break was up so I had to hoof it back to work and try to wolf it down while getting there. I was so disappointed as BurgerFi was highly recommended.  The super long wait I get if the place is trendy and/or packed.  It wasn't THAT busy and there were only 3 people in line before me, when I got there.  I placed my order to go because the dining area was indeed pretty busy.  But a to-go order of 2 items should not take a damn near an hour.  Their first strike...a 40 min wait for a burger and fries to go.  Then they got my order confused with another order...second strike.  More waiting...as the confusion behind the counter cleared up.  Then I get back to work and try to take a bite off my burger and come to find that it's wrong-womp womp... third strike.  WTF!  A regular soggy bun instead of the "Green" style I asked for and that poor little beef patty had no toppings whatsoever (I asked fur lettuce, tomato, fried onions).  How hard can it be to wrap some lettuce around a patty?  I didn't order off something not on the menu.  The fries were plentiful and I gotta say, quite good but not enough to muster a 2.  In fact I was so bummed out, that I lost my appetite and gave the fries to my coworker. With so many amazing eateries that offer great service and great food cheap and quickmere steps away, there's no reason for me to ever go back to BurgerFi.  They are a now a NO for me.  What a shame.
Damn BurgerFi you make one hell of a burger! Colleagues and I came here for lunch two days in a row while at a conference at the Philadelphia Convention Center. One of the best cheeseburgers I've ever had. Got it with a lettuce bun instead of bread and it was way better than I expected it to be. Definitely recommend checking BurgerFi out.
Food: I stayed at the nearby Marriott and decided to pick up a quick dinner. I was in a mood for a burger and this was one of the closer choices. So I walked on over and ordered their BurgerFi Breakfast All Day Burger. It was a natural Angus burger with American cheese, hickory bacon drizzled with maple syrup, fried egg, hash browns, grilled diced onions, and ketchup. They gave me a pager to alert me when my burger was ready. It was a short wait before I got my burger. I ate the burger back at my room. It was wrapped in aluminum foil so the burger stayed perfectly warm. It was a pretty decent burger but it was rather small. It was good enough that I might want to try their other burgers on the menu, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.

Location: It's conveniently located in Downtown Philly across the street from the Reading Terminal Market. There were a plenty of tables and seats available if you choose to eat inside the restaurant. As with most downtown areas, there were some unsavory characters hanging outside at the entrance smoking and begging for change.
Yet another over priced burger joint has come to town. Yes you can have it your way, but that does not help. I had a simple double cheeseburger with ketchup and pickles. It came with four pieces of cheese and no beef flavor. The bun while fresh is tantamount to eating a Styrofoam pillow. Service is acceptable but the use of blinking beepers to tell you the order is ready is ridiculous. Just yell out a number. I expect to return to try the hot dog side of the menu but with very diminished expectations.

So I returned to try the hot dog. Their hot dog is a skinless all beef hot dog that is split grilled, served on a potato roll, and you have a wide variety of topping choices. I passed on the Chicago dog as I really only like those in the Windy City. Instead I got mustard and some of that neon green relish (yes it is the real deal... ). The dog looked great when I got it, but somehow the restaurant managed to char and make the hot dog cold all at the same time. That is quite an accomplishment. Flavor of the dog was fine, not a fan of the potato roll and the relish was quite good. But the cold temperature completely ruined the hot dog. Come on guys.. its not that hard to serve hot food.
Average burger joint, but major points to their employees for being open during the snowpocalypse!

Atmosphere:
- It has a similar vibe to Shake Shack in the wooden tables and repurposed wood. Large space and plenty of tables for you and your friends to spread out. 
- The bar area was not open, and they couldn't seem to explain why..

Food:
- BurgerFi Cheeseburger ($7.27)
  A small and overpriced cheeseburger that was very mediocre by every means. Thankfully we were all craving something fatty and greasy on a snowy day, otherwise I would have been sorely disappointed. The cheeseburgers at Shake Shack are far more superior in flavor and taste, and even the cheeseburgers at McDonalds or Burger King beat out BurgerFi in overall value.
- Cry & Fries ($5.47)
  Definitely share an order of fries if you're coming with a group. The onion rings were ridiculously large in size, but were also very fresh. However, there are only 4 in an order of Cry & Fries. The rest is a mountain of fries that seems endless.
I really like their deal. Half burger bar, half actual bar. Open late (I'm talking 2am), and the kitchen closes a half hour earlier. And I was surprised to find out that BurgerFi is a chain -- with locations all in Florida & even NYC (but it's on the East Side?! Ugh). This particular BurgerFi location is great. Just an easy walk from all the hotels surrounding City Hall, and across the street from Reading Terminal Market.

Now with that said, I tried BurgerFi a few times during my visit to Philly. I feel like I shouldn't be judged for the amount of food I tried, because it was spread over several days!

----------------------------------------------

BurgerFi Burger (Single only) -- Good! I don't think I care for the sauce, which I suspect is mayo-based. But the burger meat itself was so good. Really fresh, really nicely cooked.

Chicken Apple Hot Dog (Plain) -- Delicious. Huge, filling, and definitely didn't make you feel gross afterward. Really great, even without any toppings. I couldn't think of anything to top it with that would go with chicken apple, anyway. Maybe a slaw or relish? Ehh. Plain was perfectly fine. No complaints.

Fries -- I had them both plain & with the Parmesan & Herbs topping. Honestly I don't think the parmesan added anything to the fries. It didn't really "stick" to the fries, & I ended up with a lot of tasty crumbs on the bottom of my container. But you know what? The fries were so good on their own. Cut fresh, with skin still attached, & fried perfectly crispy. I'll probably skip the toppings in the future.

Coke Float -- YUM. A very generous scoop of vanilla ice cream & an ENTIRE MEXICAN COKE. How can you not?! So good. 

Orange Cow -- Same thing as a Coke Float, but with a bottle of orange soda instead of the coke. Also very delicious. Tastes like a yummy orange creamsicle dessert.

----------------------------------------------

On second thought, it's probably good that there aren't any BurgerFi locations super close to where I live. This could be the beginning of a dangerous habit ...
Pretty good burger. I got the CEO. This place​ was right next to our hotel and we were hungry. I appreciate no hormones in my meat and fresh fries. The staff were friendly.
This review is being posted on behalf of my 7 year old son, Sammy. 

He has stated that the burgers here are better than the ones I've gotten him at various spots in the market. It's a 7 year old palate so take that into consideration. 

So parents... you can get your kids the kids meal here at BurgerFi, which is a pretty good deal at around 8 bucks with fries and a drink, and get yourself whatever you want from the market. My parenting tip for you. 

Side note: I do like the fries. They give you a lot with the kids meal so parents can nibble too.
OMG... it made it's wait into Philly!!!!!!!!! And it landed a few blocks away from home!!! 

Was on our way to Shake Shack.. Car stopped at the red light, and I noticed the bright sign... BURGER FI... OMG... wat does that mean?? DETOURRRR!!!!! I was so excited like a lil kid going to a candy store!!! 

Hubby n I got the Brisket and the Cheeseburger, and an order of the Cry Fries (fries n onion rings)... It was a lil over 12min wait time... But it was well worth it when the food arrived... Burger was deeelicious!!! Patty was thick the cheese was gooey... LOVE.. We had the cajun spice to our side and it was o so good... 

Service was good.. I even saw (i think) the manager or owner going around asking tables how they thought of the food.. I'm sure this is because it's a grand new opening, and it won't last long, but it was nice to see...

I'm so glad I don't have to make a trip to NY for this anymore...
Burger joints are a dime a dozen, so burger joints have to provide not only exceptional food but also service. I stopped in to grab dinner after coming from a show at the Convention Center. I love the menu here; high quality burgers and some have an interesting twist to them like the brunch burger (fried egg, bacon, and hash browns on it). 

I went with a straight up cheeseburger and a side of fries. You order and then if you're dining in, they give you a number and someone brings your food to you. Mayo and ketchup do not come standard on their burgers so there's a condiment station where you can hook it up the way you like. They serve select wines and beer here as well. They also have a few TVs here so it's nice to be able to watch a game here while you eat. 

Overall, I loved my burger; perfectly cooked and seasoned. The fries...THE FRIES! So good (I think they fry them in duck fat)! This place really has a ton of potential and I hope it sticks around for a long time.
This is long and probably more rant-ish than anything so I apologize in advance if you do read this and found it not worthy lol.

Literally the worst customer service I've ever received restaurant like this. We ordered 2 cheeseburgers and 2 regular fries and it took us an hour to get our food.
They got slammed in the late hour because most of the customers at that point were coming in from the Made In America Music Festival so it's understandable that there would be a 20-minute or so wait. But an hour for 2 cheeseburgers? No way.

We assumed that the attendant who was the middleman from the kitchen and the customer probably gave away our food by accident and didn't want to admit it. If they would have just been honest, we would have been more understanding but she refused to communicate. She saying "I don't know" or she kept blaming the kitchen and saying that they lost the ticket so they're trying to make up for it. Even if they did lose the ticket, shouldn't the customer that ordered and have been waiting for a long period of time be a priority just as much as the people that ordered way after them? There should have been a better system.

The manager was probably doing the least work out of all his employees. Instead of jumping on the kitchen line to help or manning the register or helping the associate PROPERLY distribute the food, he stood there in the kitchen just watching everything and on occasion yell some words of "encouragement". 
Sure, this review might be a bit harsh but never in my life have I waited that long for a burger. 

It was upsetting that all these people who came in and ordered 45 mins after us were getting their food before we were. The only reason we got our food is because the attendant got tired of us complaining and went to the kitchen and made our food herself. She basically threw the bag of food at us. Ugh.

I've heard so many good things about BurgerFi so it sucks that this was my first experience. I still want to try it again so hopefully my experience will be at least decent next time.
Somewhere along the line from when it first opened in 2014, to my most recent visit, Burgerfi had lost it's touch. The touch that made me pass on Shake Shack and come here. Their burgers now taste like old oil, 85% of the time my fries are overcooked (burnt, dried, flavorless) and the customer service rating fell. With that, i also dropped three stars for them.
So, when my sister, who has been stalking the opening of this place for weeks, suggested we go here on opening day I thought she was crazy.  But it ended up being a nice experience. So much that we went there twice in the same evening!  Once for dinner and once for a post auto show beverage.

We got there early, at 5, and the place was surprisingly low key. Of course there were some opening day festivities going on, but I'll skip all that and move on to the good stuff..

Staff: the staff was really nice and friendly!  They were totally awesome. All of them. Yay to you all for being so cheery and excited!  

Drink:  They have booze!  Wine, beer - however I didn't notice if they had the hard stuff?  But the beer and wine was reasonably priced. My only complaint was that none of the beers were local. Oh, and the tap system wasn't working yet..woops! 

Food:  Great menu.  With the only exception being a chicken hot dog, everyone had a burger and there wasn't a single complaint!  I can't say I'm a fan of hot dogs, but the chicken dog Chicago style was delish!  Try the urban fries, you won't regret it. And the onion rings were massive and delicious too.  Oh, and they have pretty decadent looking milkshakes.  There is an abundance of burger toppings and there is a Veg Burger patty as well.

Atmosphere:  Super cute interior. Lots of wood, metal and polished concrete done in an urban but warm way. Oh, and the light fixtures are cool, especially the ones over the communal table.


Bonus: although I do not consider myself to be the greatest speller, there is a spelling error on their menu!
This place is great.  I love that the quality of the ingredients is good, and that you can customize everything.  We love to come here for lunch breaks and the service is fast, especially given how busy they always seem to be.

I always get a burger and fries and every.single.time I end up saying "why did I get the fries? I didn't need the fries."  But guess what?  I eat half of them anyway because they're delicious. 

Bonus points for those cool customize-you-flavor soda machines!
For months I had been tracking Burger Fi like an Iroquois brave. I'd put my proverbial ear to the ground (aka read about it in The Insider / Foobooz) and my excitement would grow as signs of it's opening neared. Each day I would walk by on my way to work and glance in, and it seemed to be getting closer and closer but not opening, finally I couldn't take it and I shot them an email saying what's the deal, stop this nonsense and open already!! They told me to chill and it would be about a week. 

Fast forward a few weeks and the day finally came for boo and I to spend our epic Sunday cheat meal at BF. We walked in and the place was jumping. NFL combine coverage on all the TVs, I felt like I could potentially be spending a fair amount of NFL Sundays here. There was not much of a line and boo and I each ordered the Brisket Burger bc why wouldn't you. 2 patties of ground brisket with Swiss and blue cheese? C'mon son. Then because I'm fat I got an order of parm fries and a Chicago style hot dog. Boo got a side of onion rings. Total cost plus a soda almost $40.00 a little on the high side for casual but whatev, if it lives up to its billing I'd gladly pay it every freakin' Sunday.

After paying you shuffle down the line and wait for your buzzer to go off to get your food. I stood patiently in the corner while boo secured a seat. at the 15 minute mark the guy next to me became agitated and I was thinking it's only going to get worse from here. At 20 mins he went up and asked about it and the manager checked on it and told him it was up next. This whole time I would look back at boo and she would shoot me these dart looks like "say something! say something!" I would look at her like "I ain't got the energy girl". Our food came at the 30 minute mark. Famished I handed in my buzzer and took the food to the table. 

As crazy as this sounds both our burgers were really bland. Thinking back I can't remember if they put the blue cheese on or not bc its illegal for blue cheese to be bland. We ended up drowning them in ketchup. Very disappointing. The sides we got we fine but the star here is the burgers and it just wasn't up to snuff. Feeling dejected we walked out with our heads low. A week later I was walking by around 7:00 there were about 10 people in there so I decided I ain't going out like that, this place has to be good and we just came on the wrong day. I got the standard Burger Fi burger green style. It still took about 15 minutes to get. The lettuce wrap was awesome however the burger didn't taste like anything. Another ketchup drowning and I left again dejected. 

I still am holding out hope that these are the early restaurant blues but I cherish my Sunday cheat meals and I can't take the gamble on Burger Fi again. Maybe a Tuesday lunch but not my Sunday.
Went with girlfriend and her son to Burgerfi for the first time.  The decor is nice. We both loved the lights and the giant fan we wish we could take home. They have 2 freestyle coke machines which I love having that much of a variety in drinks.  It's like the Wonka of drinks.  Ordering was easy. The only issue is the pick up where common sense should kick in that 2 or more people are not going to eat off of one small tray. I had to ask them to give an extra tray for the orders.  They had them all on one tray which I told the girl looked like a big cluster. The food was really good and loved the fries. Had a nice time.
I tried out this new place  on my way to the car show at the convention center. It is directly across from the Reading Terminal and they were closing down. 

My first impression is that it is Earthy-Expensive. The new burger place is like all of the other new-wave expensive burger places we have popping up all over the city.  I'm going to do my best to compare it to the others I have tried so far.  As you can tell from my photos, I am pretty serious about my burgers. 

I got the Brisket burger for 9.99 and shared fries($2.97) with my boyfriend. All of the other burgers were about $5-6 each. This is about the same price as Five Guys but having much nicer decor.  My burger had two patties and was pretty delicious, but next time I will stick with a regular burger because the brisket was ground up anyway.  It had lettuce, tomato, blue cheese, swiss cheese and "burgerfi" sauce on it.  Compared to 500 degrees, the actual meat was more seasoned. The burger was smaller for the same price though.   

The one issue I have with the business is the roll. It was a soft, supermarket six-pack hamburger bun.  I think that when I pay 9.97, or even $6 for a burger, it should have a nice hearty, brioche, ciabatta, kaiser....I mean any type of REAL bread would really help out this sandwich. Forget about the fancy stamp on the roll that says "burgerFi," the owners should really invest in getting a better roll.  

These prices are a little cheaper and you have more options than Bobby's Burger Palace, but at least you get a more substantial burger or a real bun than here at burgerfi.
BurgerFi can be pretty pricey, there's no doubt. But that's to be expected for a place that uses products that are organics and antibiotic/hormon-free meat. You'll be paying nearly $10 for most any burger you'll get. That's practically the cost of a cheesesteak at most places.

But BurgerFi is delicious, I'll give'em that; and it's a great, open space to hang out at. This has a big-restaurant feel. And it has drink free refills at one of those cool Coke machines with a gazillion different flavors. 

It's quite superficial to say this, but one of my favorite things about the BurgerFi burger is that each bun top is branded with the BurgerFi logo. It's got that certain cool-factor biting into the logo akin to biting into a McDonalds-branded "M" McGriddle! Hahaa

What you can bank on here is fresh food. You might wait a little for your burger/frieds/rings/etc., but you know they'll be fresh. And if you're a believer that you get what you pay for, well then perhaps it really is true at BurgerFi. A little pricey for my 5-star rating, but I'm certainly a fan.
Went to have burgers here with my husband and was very, very disappointed. The service was average, nothing exceptional about it, neither friendly nor hostile.

The place looked poorly maintained (even though is new). Most of the tables were empty at the time we went, but most of them had leftovers from previous visitors, so it seems like they were understaffed at the moment, or for some reason no one was bothering to clean the tables. The layout and the space between tables is excellent, though.

We both ordered Burgerfies, mine was supposed to come (as advertised) with a Burgerfi sauce, so I didn't want to add any other sauce. Husband ordered the same burger but added cheese and bacon. We ordered regular fries (mine without cheese, his with).

First, for what we paid for the burgers they were were insanely overpriced. The entire burger fit in the palm of one of my hands (and I have small hands). No sauce at all in mine, and it was poorly prepared (everything just thrown together, very sloppy work), and only one very thin slice of tomato. For an over $6 burger that was a very disappointing product and very poorly presented. And without any sauce, the taste of the burger was nonexistent.

My fries looked like they were fried in salt. Under the salt glaze seems like there were well fried potatoes, but I couldn't eat them.

Sloppy-made burgers, insanely overpriced, too small, and very salty fries, uncleaned tables, and vapid service... there are way better burgers for better prices near the area, so I'm not sure I'd visit this place again if I feel like having a burger.
It's better than 5 guys. And I love 5 guys' burgers. I said it and I'm not ashamed!!!


I went in for the first time today and am hooked. It's a little pricy ($11 for a cheeseburger w bacon and a fountain soda) but it's delicious.  I'll definitely be a repeat customer!
I'll make this quick. The burgers are good, but they are so tiny. Here everything you order is ala carte. Meaning they have no combo platters as it pertains to the food. You pay a price for the burger, a price for the fries, and a price for the drink. Easily if you've did all 3 with cheese included, you'll come out with a $13 tab. Happy hour is from 4-7 and again from 10-12. So in essence means instead of paying $5.50 per beer, the price is now $3.80. Remember this is downtown Philly. Mind you, there is no discount on alcohol during happy hour, only beer on tap. If they don't have your brand you're screwed unless you're willing to drink something else for that price.
Was in the mood for a juicy burger (dieting will do that to you) and my fiancé mentioned that this place was close by...so why not. 

I wanted as much caloric bang for my buck so we decided to "meat the CEO". Those 949 calories are made from the double wagyu, brisket blend, candied bacon tomato jam, truffle aioli and aged Swiss (I took that straight from the menu board). I have to tell ya, this was a juicy burger...all burger, none of those frills like a lettuce leaf or a slice of tomato or onion. I loved it, was so good...melty cheese all over my fingers. We had a side of fries and they were super hot and fresh. I appreciated that they were covered in extra salt which sometimes makes fries completely unpalatable to me. The price was ok, 2 CEO's and a side of fries came up to ~$27...a little pricey but the burger was good so you're getting what you pay for. 

Anywhoo, I can't eat this type of food often but this was a nice treat. (Also why I didn't try dessert, I can't go overboard with the treats.) bonus, I am keeping track of my macros and it was super easy to find the nutritional information for all their menu items online. 

You might also enjoy the interesting burger names such as The Conflicted (and angus burger and a veggie burger). Haha. Cute
3.5

Crowded, loud, long waits - it's what you get if you come here on a busy Saturday lunch time.  There weren't many choices - Reading Terminal Market was a zoo and we were getting hangry.

It was unfortunate that only one person was taking orders - I wonder if having more staff at such a busy time would have helped. Nevertheless, we had a fairly simple order - two regular cheeseburgers (one with just cheese and nothing else), onion rings and one drink for $19. After a long wait, we got our food. My friend's cheeseburger was missing the lettuce and tomatoes that we thought it was supposed to come with.  I appreciated that my burger was tasty, but for nearly $6, it was overdone and on the smaller side. 

I must say that those onion rings were among the best I've ever eaten.
Meh... That pretty much sums this burger joint up for me. If your main focus is burgers, than they should be the best darn burgers around! The burgers were small and pretty average tasting. Not bad by any means, but not great either. The fries weren't that crispy. That's probably due to the type of "healthier" oil they are using to cook them in. I can appreciate that they are using the grass-fed beef and trying to be somewhat healthier... this place just didn't do it for me. The best thing we tried today was the onion rings. They're large, sweet and had a great crunch on the outside. I would eat here again, but I wouldn't go out of my way. (BTW they are conveniently located right outside of the convention center.)
My feelings can be summed up with "where's the beef?" No tables service, elbow to elbow crowds, and microscopic burgers make my visit the first and last! Forget asking for a specific temperature.

If you want a great burger and a wine selection that's greater than four, go to Zin Burger in Cherryhill.
Man, this place looks so cool and has so much potential, but the food just doesn't cut it. It's a great option when you're in Chinatown for when you need to grab a bite to go, but I just wish the food was good. 
The veggie burgers: mushy. They tried make the quinoa crispy, but it wasn't. There wasn't any sauce or anything in the burger to make it worth it. So we just dunked the burger in tons of ketchup and mustard to make it taste better 
Fries: we had urban style fries. Decent fries topped with "aioli" but not really aioli and tons (I mean tons) of Parmesan cheese. 
Onion ring: super duper thin onion slice covered in a flaky fried batter. Not much onion. A lot of oil. 

Overall: Overpriced. No flavor....at least they have wifi.
Its my first time to eat here and I dont see why everyone does not like it as much as I do. The food was great. Wife and I had two FI Cheeseburgers and a Kobe Hot dog. The atmosphere is alright, the interior is interesting. If you're a sports fan this place has alot of tv's and a a bar in the back. Who doesnt like burgers, dogs, and beers? The only downside I saw and not a major one, was that I asked for takeout and they set me up to eat inside. Not a big problem, they just had to re-pack my food to go. When we got to our hotel room, we unpacked the food and noticed the burgers were stamped by the grill with the name of the establishment. The burger is great, it didnt taste like a frozen patty and does not taste like a food chain. The biggest hit was the Kobe hot dogs. Crispy outer skin when you bite into it and a soft interior of a kobe steak. It was so soft, that it melted in our mouths. Overall, we are a fan and would eat there again.
Think of a nicer fast food chain that has a full bar. That's this joint. Full bar in the corner, simple menu with ok burgers made to sound gourmet, and crappy wobbly metal chairs and tables. The unfortunate thing about this place is that it's right across from the wonderful Reading Terminal. So most of the people who were in here were 1.staying at the hotel next door or 2. were in town for a convention.

The onion rings were pretty amazing considering that they were so large, and my half chocolate half vanilla shake was super thick but tasty. But worth a trip out here BYPASSING Reading Terminal? Not if you're a Philadelphian.
Have been to this location, also in Delray Beach - FL and Boston - MA. Great burgers, fries and shakes. Parmesan fries with garlic aioli is so delicious! Red velvet shake is a must try!
I gave this place a try because I saw that they had a quinoa veggie burger + the ability to customize your burger. Although the reviews looked pretty bad, I actually liked BurgerFi.  Some of the staff members were a bit standoffish, but others were reasonably friendly. 

Personally, I'd prefer it if they did the ordering like The Counter (another custom burger chain) where you fill out a short card to list what you want. It's just easier than trying to tell someone what you want over the noise of a busy restaurant, and it seems to result in fewer errors.

The veggie burger was delicious. Even if I didn't have a preference for vegetarian dishes where available, I would still be inclined to order the veggie burger over a traditional meat burger. It was just very, very good. Some veggie burgers are really soft and they smush out of the sides of the bun when you bite down, but that wasn't the case with this one. It had a slight crunch at the edges, and the middle was soft. I WOULD recommend getting at least one condiment or topping that adds some moisture, though. I could see how it might be a little dry without mayo, tomatoes, etc. 

I also liked that the burger wasn't enormous. There was an option to do a double or triple burger, but the single was the perfect size for a normal person who eats healthy portions. 

The fries with parmesan and herbs were also fantastic - highly recommended.  

One more thing - if you want to get their food delivered, I noticed there's at least one local service that will deliver their food for a $20 minimum. Just Google "BurgerFi Philadelphia delivery" if you're curious (not going to promote a specific delivery service here).
I wanted to rate this place 3.5 stars. Because there are no half star ratings, I settled on 3 stars due to the expensive price on an average meal. The $30 meal included a burger, a 5 piece box of tenders, a large order of Cajun french fries, and a chocolate milkshake. The large fries did have enough to split between myself and the other person I ate with, but the other person said the burger was nothing special. I think the tenders were pretty good, but very small. I did appreciate being given 6 tenders in my 5 piece box because two of them were exceptionally smaller than the other four (I guess they figured they'd throw an extra in there to amount to a whole 5th tender instead of 4 and a halfish tenders). The milkshake was okay. It wasn't super delicious but it also wasn't terrible. Definitely not good enough for the almost $6 it cost though. I was disappointed when I saw the person making my milkshake pick up a generic can of grocery store whipped cream to top of my milkshake. I guess my hopes were too high but I expected a nice burger place like this to have better whipped cream for their milkshakes. 
The ordering process wasn't terrible but slightly inconvenient. Because of the pandemic, the only way to order and pay is online. The person I had lunch with put in an AMEX credit card and got an error message that credit cards are not accepted. We then tried my Visa debit card and got a weird message about not being able to pay two ways, and that we should select pay in store, but that was not an option to select. We tried my debit card one more time and it went through. I walked inside the store and they asked if I was picking up, and I said yes and told them my name. It took less than 10 minutes for them to bring me the food, but they forgot my milkshake. After walking out and checking my order, then going back in and telling them I was missing a milkshake, they made it for me right away. 

There was nothing really bad about the meal, but it was an average experience overall and probably not really worth going back considering it's in Philadelphia and there are plenty of other places near by with tastier food.
We ate dinner at Burgerfi while in Philadelphia. It was located a short walk from our hotel.  Reading other reviews we were not expecting much but ended up pleasantly surprised. 

My brisket burger was excellent. The amount of toppings you can choose from is large although adding too many can make the burger quite expensive. 

My wife had the Chicago style hot dog.  She  felt it was the closest thing to a real hot dog she has had outside the Windy City. 

The fries and onion rings were better than average. 

The beer selection was good for a burger joint.
To Burgerfi, 

I'm trying to click the link and it doesn't work. I typed it in, and it said the site wasn't found. I would love to fill out that survey, but could you please repost the link? Thanks!
Burger for breakfast with the egg and hashbrown on it,  yes please! Great fries and HUGE onion rings.  Soda mixing machines to make your own flavor, and lots of other drink options.  Seating inside and out.  Clean,  friendly staff, moderate price point. Definitely will be back.
Unexpected good food. Burgers are fresh and tastes way better than any other place. Organic is the way to go I guess. Nice bar shame I have to go to work.
Finally open! As the place is literally right next door to our office, it was highly anticipated. Having said that, here goes my review for Shake Sha... I mean BurgerFi.

It's essentially a Shake Shack. Unless a "concrete" is actually something, but I've just never heard of until Shake Shack, it feels way too similar. They even use the same buzzers to let you know your burger is done. 

The food is good, made with quality ingredients. You can tell that it's not just your typical fast food burger, but at the same time, nothing really stands out. 

Would  I go again? Yes. It is literally the closest place to eat from my workplace. Would I go if I was craving a burger? Yes. Would I ever crave the taste of these burgers/fries? Probably not. Would I go out of my way to go here? No.

They do have a bar as well. I haven't had a chance to check it out, but they do have craft beers. Maybe I'll drop by after work and check that out.
If zero was a choice, I would give that. Truly terrible. I waited 20 minutes for my burger. It didn't have the right toppings. The bun was burnt beyond recognition. The burger was burnt to crunchy. After 45 minutes my friend didn't get his burger. He got a refund. He was the lucky one.
I'm not quite sold on BurgerFi. My group ended up there last night since we were a) starving and b) needing a glutton free option. BurgerFi was close by and hit both criteria. 

Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my burger. I had a double cheeseburger and picked American cheese, jalapeno, sport beans, onions, lettuce and bacon. I asked for hot sauce, but they forgot it. The patties weren't huge and the burger was greasy. As I mentioned earlier, I was starving and do have a greasy-food appreciation every so often. The fries were actually a little dry and didn't really have much flavor. Hot sauce would have really come in handy there.

The overall atmosphere was still a little too fast-food like to warrant the cost. You pay at the counter and then pick up your food when the buzzer goes off. You also get your own beverage from the fountain. The other BurgerFi I've been to had bottled and draft beer, but I'm not sure if this location had alcohol services yet. There was a completely empty, un-stocked bar and drafts without taps. 

It was fine in a fix, but I'm definitely sticking to the Standard Taps and Good Dogs of the city for my burger needs.
Move over 500*, Shake Shack and any other burger place that wants to be a burger place....

These burgers are fabulous.  Super fresh beef done to the temperature you request with any toppings you'd like.  The fries were fresh cut and the onion rings were EPIC. 

I wish I had saved room for dessert because the shakes looked so good!!
I wanted to stop at Reading Terminal Market for lunch, but unfortunately because of Labor Day it was closed. This was right across the street, so we stopped here instead. 

You order at the counter, they give you a buzzer, you find a seat, and wait for your food to be ready. We were there at 2:30 and it was pretty crowded. We had to wait over 30 minutes to get our food which is quite a while for fast food style. 

I got the Breakfast All Day burger and a strawberry custard shake. Both were just ok to me. The burger was a pretty typical fast food burger with some special toppings. I thought it was a little pricey for the quality. 

I probably wouldn't come back again. The service was too slow and the food wasn't good enough to justify the price.
Attack of the burger places! 

Went here the day after it opened and they were clearly working out some kinks, as half of the taps at the bar weren't working!  Not a problem, the bartender was more than kind enough to help us out! 

Breakfast all day burger was fantastic, and the fries fresh cut and very tasty! Careful on the size of the fries, the bucket really is huge! 

Have been back one time since and still just as good! Will be a good competitor to ShakeShack! 

Pro Tip: Bring cash to tip the bartender, they won't let you tip on a credit card!
My mother said if you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all.  I don't think I should say anything... but I'm going to disobey my mom for a minute here.

We came on Easter, and it was a disaster.  Reading Terminal was closed, so I think a lot of the overflow traffic came here, and they were not ready.
They had an interesting menu, so it seems like there was opportunity.  Several people in my party wanted hot dogs.  They were out of all hot dogs.  They were out of all ice cream, but not shakes, which meant to me that they didn't make shakes with ice cream.  The coke machines (the ones with every flavor under the sun) only had diet sodas.  Their ketchup pumps were out of ketchup, so they only had a few of the little packets and they were rationing those out.  They only had burgers and fries.  The burgers were okay, but the prices were higher than a shake shack or most of the fast casual places I've seen.  The bun was pretty meh, and the burger was passable, but really by this point, with no condiments on the burgers (yes, that's how down they were) I was not happy.  The fries were over cooked, and not tasty.  Definitely under seasoned, and it's not like we could hide the flavor with ketchup.  4 of the 9 people who had food could not order what they wanted to order, no person got the beverage they wanted, and that was after not being able to check out the food we really wanted next door anyway.

I don't think I could have been more frustrated by this meal, though the company was excellent.
Very, very slow service! It was a Monday night with about 10 people in the restaurant and it still took a while just to place our order. 1 person running register/taking orders is not enough. 

The Food however was great! If they can get the workers up to speed this could be a great burger joint.
Meh. I'll start by saying the girl taking the order didn't know what a sports pepper was, nor could she explain what the house sauce tastes like. She seemed completely uninterested about the whole menu which was, at the surface a turnoff, until I saw the food and felt exactly the same way. It wasn't bad, but by no stretch was it great. I built my own burger and substituted lettuce for the bun. Grilled onions, house sauce, tomato, cheese. It looked frumpy and just sloppily thrown together. The angus patty was small, misshapen and broken from over-cooking. The sauce was meh, and toppings sparse. The iceberg lettuce was limp, warm and on the verge of wilting. 

Originally it grabbed our attention because it seemed like a trendy late night burger joint. With 14 craft beer options we were excited to find this place after a very long drive into town. They clearly jumped on the "craft beer" bandwagon to seem appealing, but missed the boat by only having 4 taps open and no bartender. The most craftiest of beer was Victory Summer of Love but the rest were the typical PBR, Yuengling, blahblahblah. The Chardonnay was also not great. It was very sweet so I'm wondering if I actually got a Pinot by accident.

Would I revisit? No. Would I recommend it to a friend? No. Would I recommend it to a drunk friend at 1am? Yeah, maybe. I will generously claim that the food was edible, but that's about it.
The manager Jerome was amazing!!! We literally walked in after they just closed with our kids right after the Hillary Clinton rally. The kids were starving...we nicely asked if he could just make 2 burgers for our 9&10 year old boys forgetting us adults. He quickly said no worries, then immediately made burgers for all of us, threw fries and drinks in as well!!! All the while not even able to charge us...needless to say we left a very nice tip!!! The burgers and fries were delicious too!!!
My friend and I came here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. The restaurant is well kept, very clean, and modern, with friendly employees. I ordered the American burger with an onion ring on it. The burger tasted good, but the burger itself was very small. I ordered a side of fries and they give a large amount, and they taste like that a freshly hand cut, which was a plus. 
If I'm back around Philly again and need somewhere quick to eat I would come back.
Not very good. Seems overpriced. But I'm glad that it's open late because the area has very few late night places. The cooks seem to have no proper training. I went twice at night two nights in a row. I ordered the veggie burger and it was quite different both times. The first time it was boring and the cheese was room temperature, unmelted. The second night, a lovely girl took my order and made sure everything was much better than the night before. And it was. Still, the burger looked awful. They don't seem to care about quality here. The lettuce is randomly chopped iceberg, and the grilled onions are chopped like confetti, and they just drop out of the burger. Whoever came up with this restaurant seems to just want to jump on the overpriced burger joint bandwagon. Money seems the goal, not quality. The management of this particular location is probably not good. You'll do better with the new Flatbread sandwiches at Panera around the corner or at the Reading Market nearby. The fries were good when I had them. A special mention to the thoughtful young lady working the midnight hour. They should promote her to manager. She really made sure I got the best meal possible. Btw, there is nothing "healthy" about any of this food. It's merely less culpable junk fast food. And the music was BLASTING even though the place was virtually empty.
Ordered lunch for our crew for lunch today. Asked that the burgers be labeled so that it's easy to read w/o opening the containers. The cashier said, 'they'll be marked'. They weren't. Not the grilled chicken, the beyond burgers, burgers w/ no tomato, the hamburger or the plain cheeseburger. 
Those that ordered the beyond burger went to out to get food elsewhere as they didn't want to take a chance eating meat. 

The food, I believe is an acquired taste. It's fresh, which is great. I just wasn't feeling it. There were others in the group that thought the same. One of our guys, who has eaten at BurgerFi before, said that this wasn't the quality he was used to.

Me thinks we won't be returning. $170 not well spent.
While good, BurgerFi does not unseat the king. My favorite places for reference in terms of taste in the city are:

1) Shake Shack
2) Good Dog
3) Smokin Betty's
I would give a notable mention to 500 degrees, but I won't go there anymore.  Or Smash Burger out in the burbs. 

Okay, so now you know what the competition is, I can talk about BurgerFi. Essentially if China made a bad counterfeit Shake Shack, BurgerFi would be it. It is eerily similar except that they stamp their burger buns with BurgerFi, lest you forget where you got it from.

I had a Cheeseburger and Fries ($10.50) and overall the taste of the burger was good, but the fries were soggy and limp. The burger was a little more dry than what I would prefer when I compare it to the competition. Also it was the size of 2 happy meal burgers. The amount of limp fries provided was decent though. 

My biggest complaint is the amount of time it took to get a to-go order. 26 minutes!!! My lunch hour was wiped out mostly from standing around. And it wasn't just because they were busy - as they were. But barely any burgers were coming off the assembly line even though they had like 15 people working back there. Their order management process was horrid. I would expect a burger to get pumped out at least every minute and it was probably closer to every 4 minutes. What, are they cooking them one at a time back there?

There was also an incredible amount of smoke in the restaurant which led to them keeping the door wide open.

Cashier was nice and happy. 


Food Quality/Taste = 3.5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 3 Star 
Wait Time = 0 Stars
So I ordered online because I read reviews saying they take forever, but I also ordered before the lunch rush so when I went to pick it up, the store had maybe 3 tables occupied.

I got a single bacon cheeseburger and added a couple of things along with some fries, and both looked pretty good. The fries remind me of Five Guys though had more salt than that (actually a little too salty for my tastes). The fries were fresh so that was good; I feel like it's hard to get truly fresh, crispy fries these days when people make huge batches for the sake of speed.

The burger was really good, but not as crispy as Shake Shack. Because this is close to my job, I'll probably go again, but I can't say I'll make it a habit or go out of my way to go if I had alternatives. Definitely worth a 4 star IMO.
Overpriced and Underwhelmed about sums it up for me. $40 for 2 burgers, 2 fries (one order had 3 greasy onion rings that crumbled when touch), and 2 small drinks was much more then I anticipated spending. The cashier was nice but the service slow. The food itself was just okay.  Nothing to rave about. Could have gone to Wendy's for half the price.
The block across the street from Reading Terminal Market has undergone quite the transformation, with a new hotel and some chain restaurants setting up shop. One of those is BurgerFi, which specializes in the fast-fresh food craze a la Shake Shack.

Similar to Five Guys, BurgerFi has a myriad of Coke products on offer for your quaffing pleasure.

They even have real Mexican cokes with cane sugar for purchase as well. Separately from Coke Free-Style machine of course.

BurgerFi Cheeseburger [$6.57]
Double natural Angus burger, double American cheese, lettuce, tomato, BurgerFi sauce

The GF went with the regular cheese burger, which featured two Angus patties - well-seasoned and juicy. Fresh lettuce, tomato, and melted American cheese rounded out each bite, with the BurgerFi special sauce providing a mustard-based tartness that was nice. This was all housed with a soft Martin's potato roll. 

BurgerFi Brisket Burger [$9.97]
Double natural 28-day dry-aged ground brisket, Swiss cheese, blue cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, BurgerFi sauce

I went with the brisket burger, which featured a double patty of 28-day dry aged brisket, which was surprisingly dry. The Swiss cheese was nice, but I wasn't sure where the blue cheese was. Disappointing on both the meat and cheese front.

100% Wagyu Kobe Beef Dog [$4.97]

On the other hand, the kobe beef dog had great snap and was grilled nicely on the flat top after being butterflied. Sure it's hard to taste the wagyu-kobe essence when it's ground up for a hot dog, but the beefiness was undeniable. And because a true hot dog doesn't have ketchup, I went with grilled onions and mustard. 

Alternative Style Fries [$3.94]
Fries, grilled diced onions, American cheese, mustard, BurgerFi sauce 

Because "Animal Style" is so In-N-Out, BurgerFi features "Alternative Style" fries. But you won't find this on their regular menu, because it's a secret menu item! So for an extra 99 cents, your crisp, fresh-cut fries can be topped with a tangy, savory blend of grilled diced onions, American cheese, and mustard. Rich and delicious.

Onion Rings [$3.97]

Don't miss out on the onion rings either. While I found a decent pool of oil at the bottom of the tray, these huge rings were stil perfectly crisp, with a great malty batter.

So while there are a myriad of offerings over at Reading Terminal Market, if you're not looking to brave the crowds or need a quick bite during your weekday lunch, be sure to check out BurgerFi.
After eating with my cousin in Chinatown one night, we saw this place while driving back home and decided it was our next Monday night get together/meal. I've had a few friends come here before so I thought why not. But after tonight, I decided never again.

I came here with two of my cousins. When I came up to the register to place my order, it came out to $11 for just the BurgerFi Cheeseburger with Bacon and a bottled soda. Which seems typical for these burger places now a days. The cashier I had was not at all a bit friendly nor did she ask for my name for the order.

After 10-15 minutes, my order was ready and I went to grab that as well as condiments. When I walked over, the entire floor was soaked. There were puddles everywhere and no caution sign in sight.

One of my cousin's food was ready approx a few minutes after mine however my other cousin wasn't called up for at least 20-25min. when she got the same burger as me but with an addition of cheese fries. When she finally went up, her order was wrong. They forgot the cheese on her fries, so she had to stand there for an additional 8 min. for them to apply cheese.

It shouldn't take over 30 min. for someone to get their meal, it's not like it's a restaurant where we're getting served, but it's burgers and fries.

I wasn't too fond over my burger, it was just okay. One of my cousins had the VeggieFi burger and her patty was burnt as well as the cheese fries we ordered. We felt like we paid way more than what we received. And I definitely feel like the place is overpriced.

With the slow service, overpriced food and okay experience, I probably won't be returning which is a shame because we actually was looking forward to coming here for the past week. 2 stars for the atmosphere and for the fact that they had a full bar.
I would avoid this place if you are looking for a quick bite, because it took a LONG time to get our food. It took so long that it took them 15 minutes to realize they didn't have the veggie burger that my friend ordered so she went somewhere else, got vegetarian takeout, and came back before I had my burger. 

I ordered a burger with blue cheese, medium, and got a tiny glob of meat that was about 1/2 the size of the bun and so well done that it was crunchy with about a teaspoon of blue cheese on top. Definitely not worth the money, and took so long I didn't want to take the time to complain. 

The fries were pretty good, though.
Burgerfi is decent.
Burgers tasted good. We just got the burgerfi cheeseburger. Copy of shake shack though I prefer shake shack.
We also got a large order of onion rings. The onion rings were really good. Oily and salty, but that's onion rings! They were big and piled high!
Our friends said the fries were no good so we didn't get them. 
Service was just okay. We received free custard for checking in on Facebook. When I went to the cashiers, I showed them I checked in on four square which is one of the four options to get free custard as noted on every napkin box on every table. She told me I had to show her a picture on Facebook. Sort of annoying that you don't know your own promotion.
Custard was okay.
Everything was just okay. I'm not dying to go back, but I would if a friend really wanted to go...
This place is a gimmick--no quality whatsoever.
My friend purchased a burgerfi single patty burger and a side of fries; I got a single patty burger with BBQ sauce, jalopeños, and onions and a regular (small) milkshake.
The total bill came to $22.40, which is Expensive, considering we each only got two items.
The quality was poor as well. My burger came with one piece of bacon, two sliced jalopeños, a pin drop of BBQ sauce, and the  burger was the size of a McDonald's value menu burger. The milkshake came with jimmies and whipped cream, which just threw off the taste. My friend's burger was just as small, and the amount of lettuce doubled the size of the patty. His fries were barely lukewarm.
If you're thinking of trying a new burger spot in Philadelphia, just go to 500 degrees. Or if you're just thinking of trying this place because it looks cool, go to shake shack, since they stole their entire image and mixed it with five guys image to make one crappy gimmicky burger spot.
The only reason this place is getting one star is because the cashier was very nice and greeting.
I have never been so upset with a restaurant that I needed to write a review about it. Ordered here twice. They gave me the wrong order both times. Ground beef in my veggie burger. Then literally just the patty on the bun without toppings, and it was cold. I told the manager, and he was not very helpful. I will never order from here again.
The burgers are def solid and better than 5 guys, and slightly better than Shake Shack. They have chili cheese for when you are feeling extra greedy. The full size bar will def go a long way with the happy hour crowd.
I was looking forward to trying this place but it turned out to be a big disappointment. I ordered a single cheeseburger with ketchup, fried onions and pickles.  I got a very small, very flat cheeseburger with nothing on it. The flavor was ok, although it was dry with none of my requested toppings, and way too small for the price of 4.47 plus tax. 

I also ordered the Cry and Fries which is onion rings and french fries.  I asked for ketchup on the side.  This order came in a separate bag from the burger.  There was a few ketchup packets in it, not nearly enough.  The bag was totally covered in grease when she handed it to me.  As I had to walk a few blocks, I asked her if she could put both bags in a larger bag which she did.  

Anyway, there were only 3 onion rings in my Cry and Fries order which didn't seem like alot, although they are very big.  However, as it turned out, that didn't matter, because they were so disgustingly greasy and salty that I couldn't even finish the first one.

The fries were good, but not good enough to warrant a return trip.
This is another in the increasingly common number of gourmet burger places, with this one trying to be more hip/trendy than others...and pretty much succeeding, at least in comparison to the others that 've seen.  The interior is bright and clean with light-wood paneling on the walls, high ceilings, and large windows at the front.  The décor has basically an industrial-rustic look, including several large communal tables made of highly polished thick slabs of wood that -- along with the wood paneling on the walls -- are countered with industrial steel fixtures.  There's plenty of seating at tables of different sizes and heights.  One side of the restaurant also has a large bar.  The custard milkshakes are very good -- thick and rich with flavor. The hot dogs are very good as well.  My one food 'complaint' is that the sauerkraut on the hot dogs was a bit odd to me -- it was much brighter (in color and flavor) and more crisp than I'm used to...and I whiningly had a taste for good old, regular sauerkraut that's more boiled and more sour than what I received here.
The service is slow and the girl taking our order was unfriendly. I asked her how big the large fries were and she said it wouldn't be enough for three people. Well, then I ordered the bucket of fries and it was a trough of fat made for twenty people. The ketchup dispense was broken and all out of ketchup. Food is good. Service is terrible. Skip this joint.
Modern atmosphere, friendly staff and a good burger! I got the 1/2 and 1/2 with a burger and quinoa patty. Delicious!!! 

What sold us on the place was a good selection of beers, 6packs to go and bat tender that knows the town and how to show everyone a good time.
Burgers can hold their own. Fries are a little bland, but i might have gotten a bad batch.  Onion rings are solid, big and flakey.

I need to start a new paragraph in order to outline my ode to the Breakfast All Day Burger. It is all 3 meals of the day between two buns. A lot of food.  Don't let the egg yoke drip!  Quite a nice gimmick but a strong and decadent experience for any burger aficionado.

Competition is stiff in the 'locally grown upscale fast food' arena.  This place is an effective addition to the movement.  Will be the spot of choice for watching march madness this year.
Super tasty!
We're so happy for the Green Style, replacing the bread with lettuce. And they certainly don't skimp on the lettuce. Yes, you'll miss out on the signature bun branding, but I can pick it up and eat it properly. :)

The kids report that the fries were hot and fresh and delicious.
Cheeseburgers in Center City Philadelphia.  This seems to be an attempt at a high end IN N Out Burger!  The cheeseburgers although a little overpriced was really wonderful.  The fries were nothing to write home about, and they had an interesting collection of bottled sodas, and even an adjoining bar?  Still, I got the feeling they were trying to do too much.  However the 24/7 hours make for some happy customers outside the Pennsylvannia Convention Center.  If you have a good cheeseburger, you are worth the trip!
This place popped up by my office so a colleague and I checked it out during happy hour time. Half of the restaurant looks like a typical fast food place- walk up counters, serve yourself drinks, and tables. The other half is a bar. You can order food at the bar, but you have to walk over to the restaurant side to pick your food up when its done and a buzzer indicates it is ready. 

I was more interested in getting a drink than food so I can't comment much on the menu other than it looked interesting and pretty good. It has several "creative" burgers and milkshakes and fries. Toppings are free and plentiful. 

When I visited the bartender wasn't actually a bartender, but filling in for someone who called out. She was very nice and let us know up front that it wasn't her usual gig. I had no problem helping her out to make my drink. A manager (I'm assuming) checked in with us to make sure we were OK and was very friendly.

Overall, this place isn't bad, I just didn't think it was great.
I stopped here with my mom and sister before heading to the airport.  Luckily we got a parking spot right in front, but I think normally you would have to go on a side street or in a parking garage. 

The inside is pretty cool, but we had the dog with us so we sat outside at the panera table and chairs. 

The burgers are a build your own set up mostly and are sold separately from drinks and sides.  I got a single patty with lots of toppings, I thought it was on the smaller side but it was filling.  I split a regular fries with my sister, they were good.  I ordered a root beer float, kinda pricey, but it was the fancy root beer and it was delicious!

I would recommend going there for a good burger and fries!
Our burgers were great and our bartender Brian was awesome!! Very friendly and very knowledgeable about the beers. Gave us a great choice in Hoegaarden. Thanks Brian! We will definitely be back.
Came here to meet up with a friend, located across from Reading  Terminal market, it quite nice, has a full bar., I ordered single burger, which was cooked perfectly, & juicy, we shared the Parmesan fries. The bartender was great& would I return!!???

Absolutely!! They have extensive menu, kobe beef, to vegan patties, very nice for non meat eaters-- 
Great after work spot, nice food & you can get a real drink !! If you want or shake too
So I've heard a lot about this place. It happens I was in the area and I enjoy a good burger. I wasn't sure of the exact location but having a place across from RTM, I was hopeful.

Upon arrival the place was empty during a lunch rush. Although the place is very clean, the staff needs to be re trained. I placed my order and was sitting at a table waiting. The girl at the register went to clean tables, she wasn't aware there was a customer who hadn't ordered. A guy who I assume was the manager starts shouting at her, not in private but in front of numerous customers. Even the girl who was waiting stated it wasn't a big deal. That is totally unacceptable! You do not shout at an employee in front of the restaurant or frankly at all.

Now to the food. I ordered the burger fi and the grilled cheese burger melt. The burger fi burger was okay. I'm a big fan of the potato roll. The burger itself left a lot to be desired, mediocre at best. The grilled cheese burger was better, the onions were grilled just right but the bread was a bit burnt. It really took away from the overall taste. The fries were the biggest let down. While they are fresh cut and seasoned well, they were ridiculously greasy. As soon as I bit into one,boom, grease! Not a big fan at all, I think five guys is all around better from the burger to the fries. 2 stars for mediocre burger...
This burger joint wasn't horrible but overpriced for what you get IMO. My friend described it well as a cross between Shake Shack and Five Guys. Burgers were nothing great but I admit the fries were perfectly cooked and very comforting. I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could.
Took forever to get the food. Veggie burger was cold and fries were over cooked for 17 dollars :o
Meal for 2 is $40 no matter how you cut it wish is crazy for a burger joint but man was it good!
Outstanding customer service and they didn't rush to close the store when we arrived 2 minutes before end of operating hours. They stayed on site and made fresh burgers for us. These are true ambassadors of BurgerFi. Major kudos Daniel, Oscar, Lavar, Charles and Stavien!!! #TeamComcastWD
Too expensive for what it's worth. Mediocre burgers and fries/onion rings. I don't understand how these burger joints justify charging you $13 for a burger and fries, and I never get a beverage so that doesn't add to the cost. I've been twice with friends and never again.
I had the opportunity to stop in here for lunch during my visit to Philly on last week. This was my first time to BurgerFi and it was overall a good experience during what I thought was a super hectic lunch rush. The staff was friendly and helpful with explaining the menu choices. The food was fresh and presented well. I would most definitely want to come again for a visit. They give you a lot of variety.
Yup, this food is just as good as Fort Lauderdale, Florida.   The burgers are really, really good; if you have a chance stop in.
Good but overpriced. For $10.57 burger only and $20 overall with a soda fountain drink and regular fries I expected more than a McDonald's burger bun and tiny  burger. See photo of their "biggest" burger my thumb is as long as their bun. The meat was great but this is a pretty sad burger and not like the photo. The fries were also fairly bland even with Parmesan and herb toppings. Ketchup they supply is genetic Heinz instead of house made along with generic Mayo instead of truffle mayo or something special I'd expect at this high price point. If this was $9.99 for a combo with drink I'd be a fan but at $20 with fries and a basic fountain drink this is way overpriced.
The food here was delicious! Hubby and I shared a bacon cheeseburger and fries and we were so full!!! Dynel was very nice to us and was there to answer any questions we had!! Defi I felt a good place to go if you want a delicious burger and fries!!
After I posted my previous review I received a message from Mario D who I believe is the Customer Care Coordinator asking me to email them about my experience and that they would "make things right." "I will notify our Regional Manager who will reach out to the franchisee to ensure that a representative reaches out to you." So over a week ago I took the time to write a lengthy email explaining my trip in detail and wouldn't you know it nobody responded to me or made any attempt to acknowledge my issues with the rude staff, trash covered tables, overflowing trash cans, and the fact that they ran out of cheese, bacon, and onion rings. I don't believe any other food franchise would blatantly ignore customers or not try to set things right considering the effort I went to to visit this establishment.
I was originally very excited to try a new burger joint in Philly.  Per my receipt, I placed my order at 7:47 pm and was charged for a beer that I did not order.  The cashier notified the manager and I was refunded my money.  After approximately 40 minutes, my pager finally went off; however, when I went to get my order it was completely wrong.  I had ordered onion rings, a single burger, and a new york style hot dog.  When I went to pick up my order there were fries, a burger with onions (which I did not order) and a hot dog with no sauerkraut or deli mustard. I bought this to the attention of the young lady that gave me my order.  She looked at my receipt and said "Oh you did have onion rings, but she rang you up for a regular hot dog."  I quickly reviewed the menu and noticed there was not a regular hot dog on the menu and that the cost of a regular hot dog was .20cents more than the new york style hot dog.  I bought this to the attention of the young lady.  She told me they would fix it just hold on one moment.  Approximately 7 minutes later, another young lady tries to give me onion rings, a burger with onions, and a basic hot dog without sauerkraut or mustard.  I explained to the young lady that this was still not correct.  At this point it, I have been in your establishment for 50 minutes and still do not have any food.  I asked the young lady to just provide me with a refund.  She originally tries to refund me $8 and some change.  I explained to her that this is not correct.  I explained that I have already been refunded the amount of one beer, I would pay for the other beer, but I wanted to be refunded for all food.  I also asked to speak to the manager.  The manager comes from behind the counter and I explain to him the situation.  In the middle of my recap of events, he explains that he has already refunded me the amount from the beer. I explained that this was not my issue and that I had been in the establishment for an excessive amount of time and have not received any food.  I also explained that I would like a refund.  The manager counters my complaint with "As you can see, we are backed up and very busy tonight."  I explained that I understood but being somewhere for almost an hour with no food is upsetting to someone who is hungry.  I explained that I would like a full refund and that was all.  He stated that they would make my food correctly and would provide me with a refund.  Not once did anyone apologize. I took the refund and left!! I was not waiting another hour for a burger and onion rings!!!! My overall experience was extremely frustrating.  SAVE YOURSELF THE TIME!!! DON'T SUPPORT BUSINESSES THAT DO NOT VALUE THEIR CUSTOMERS!!  Seems to be a trend here.  Besides the AMISH place in Reading Terminal is pretty amazing!!
My wife and I stopped in here for lunch while in the city for the annual auto show. We arrived here a little after 12pm and as you can imagine, the place was packed with a line nearly going out the door. Overall, the place reminded me of a Shake Shack, but with more options for toppings and better fries! You stand in line and place your order, at which time you are given a beeper. Then it's time to find a table, which can be quite the challenge. I'm not sure if this place is always this busy, but there were certainly not enough seats given the number of patrons on this particular day. Since the place also serves alcohol, some folks were sitting around casually enjoying their beer and lunch, so tables weren't turning over that quickly. We did eventually manage to get a table, but you are packed in there and it's difficult getting around to say get your drinks, utensils, etc. BurgerFi utilizes the Coke Freestyle machines for sodas. Burgers were fresh although on the smaller side. My wife is gluten free and unfortunately they do not offer a GF bun, so she enjoyed her burger sans the bun. Overall, a decent lunch, but pretty expensive for what you get. For our two burgers, two drinks, and one large fries, the bill was just over $35.
They make a decent veggie burger here. Mine came with lettuce, tomato, and cheese, but I wish I would have known that I could have added a bunch of other veggie toppings for free...oh well. One thing that's interesting here (which I didn't do because I love bread) is that you can order the burgers "green style" where they give you lettuce in place of the bun. A few of my friends did that and really liked it. While I didn't order any fries myself, I definitely took a few from my friends who were conveniently too full to eat all of them. The fries were pretty good. My complaint would be that the veggie burger alone is $7 and adding fries is $3, which I think is a bit excessive. The place feels like just a step above fast food, so I'm not sure that it's worth $10 for the combo, and that doesn't even include a drink. They do have a good selection of drinks here. I had a Sam Adams Cold Snap, which was delicious. They also have a full bar -- a few of my friends had some good whiskey. They also have a happy hour with specials from 5-7 and then again at 10pm.
To sum it up in a few sentences, the burgers were low quality beef, very small, dry, spongy and extremely over priced.  They were served on a basic hamburger bun that was toasted to the point of being blackened or burned. French Fries were average.  They tend to give you a large quantity - I am assuming to make you feel better about how much you paid for the not so great burger.  I also ordered a chocolate shake, which was pretty good. But, in my experience, milk shakes are kinda hard to screw up,  
There are several great burger joints in the downtown Philly area, but this is definitely not one of them.  For what you will pay to eat at Burgerfi, there are several better options within walking distance to consider.  You can go right across the street to Reading Terminal Market and have a much better burger for a more reasonable price.
When you are stuck at jury duty and have already tried all the stalls in Reading Terminal - why not give BurgerFi a try? This place is modern and trendy inside with tons of options for burgers. I ordered a regular burger topped with blue cheese, along with a side of small fries. 

The fries were perfect - really crispy but tender inside, actually they couldn't be any better. Meanwhile, the burger was nice and flavorful, but the patty was pretty dry.  Since they don't cook the burgers to order, there is really no way of fixing this. This came out to over $10 total. My theory is that if you are going to pay that much for a burger, you better be able to get it medium/medium rare, the way burgers were intended to be!
Shocker that they even had burgers. 

We walked in, ordered burger and fries, the lady at the register said they don't have fries now, cuz they ran out of oil.
 well, it's weird, but I kept ordering, no onion rings either, I guess I'm eating it without it. 

Went to get some sauces, while waiting cuz I got burger dry, There is no containers to put it in, walking back to the register to ask for some, lady laughed at my face and said that they actually ran out of it too, and I could use the cap.
At this point I really thought they were kidding me. 
Ok, went to the table, no freaking napkins !!!! Not even one table had napkins, is it a joke?!!!
 A place what calls BURGERFRI. Doesn't have fries, you can't use ketchup or any other sauces and you suppose to wipe all the grease right on your clothes, I guess ?!! 

And all you hear from servers is laugh from the back?!! Instead of apologizing?!! 
Should have walked out as soon as I walked in.
The worst experience, will never go back again.
I don't know how else to describe this burger than SUPER average. I couldn't help thinking the entire time how much i'd rather have Shake Shack. 

The wait was like 20 minutes - but the cashier and service was friendly. The burger wasn't really big - probably the size of a shake shack burger. And it tasted....just so average. I got a burger and fries for $11. When I eat something, I don't want to feel like I could have made it at home - and that's definitely the feeling I get at Burgerfi
A burger place that runs out of cheese AND bacon. Your whole business revolves around making burgers and you don't have any of the limited items required for a burger joint....
Came for the first time for a quick lunch today and got their cheeseburger with bacon - delish! Pretty pricey for a burger and a soda being $12 but not too shabby I guess. It's a nice, clean spot with a pretty view. No complaints but id like to come back to try the fries and milk shakes!

ps they're open late and serve wine and beer!
I found out about this place about 6 months ago and since then, I couldn't wait to try it. The restaurant itself is very nice. It's semi upscale and they have a long wall of windows along a very popular street. They also have 4 tv's. I think they're best to view from bar or the tables near the bar as for some of the tables on the other side of the restaurant don't have the best viewing angle. Aside from that, I really like the fact that they're a green restaurant. According to their website, their restaurants use earth-friendly elements, like chairs that are made from recycled Coke bottles, tables made out of compressed recycled wood, and large fans that use 66% less electricity. BurgerFi also claims they maintain a low carbon footprint, and maintain strict recycling programs for oil, cardboard, bottles and cans... Awesomesauce!!! 

As for the food, I'll start with the thing that I liked most. The coffee mocha shake was heavenly. They even topped it with whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles. Speaking of desert, I'm not really into sweets, but their desert menu looked really good. It consisted of shakes, floats, pies/ cakes and frozen custard with a huge list of toppings.

Onto the real food... They use all-natural, free-range beef for the burgers and they have Kobe beef hotdogs. I was very impressed with the quality of the hotdog. However, the presentation definitely fooled me. My first impression was that it was a little on the small side and worst of all, it looked like a sloppy 7 Eleven hotdog with that nasty processed chili that comes right out of the machine. But I couldn't have been more wrong. It was cooked to perfection. It had a little crunch to the outside layer of the dog and the inside was very tender and juicy. The chili and cheese were standard, but overall, I'd say the Texas style chili cheese dog was above average. I also had an order of Cajun fries. They were pretty much your standard steak fries with seasoning poured over them. They were ok, nothing fancy... I tried a few of their Urban fries (parmesan and herb fries topped with garlic aioli) and those fries get an A+ for presentation, but I thought the flavor was a little bland for all that went into them. Speaking of bland, that's exactly how I would describe my burger... I had the brisket burger with bacon (double natural 28 day dry aged ground brisket, Swiss cheese, blue cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles and BurgerFi sauce). Sounds pretty fancy... But it was far from it... To start things off, the burger was small, especially for the price. And to make matters worse, it was lukewarm and the patties were not juicy at all. Of all the things on it, all I really tasted was the blue cheese. I was really disappointed with the size and how bland it was. Speaking of bland, me along with everybody at the table also agreed that the ketchup, mayo, and mustard were abnormally mild. There were Heinz labels on the dispensers, but none of us were convinced that's what was in them. So with all that said, I'm usually a very easygoing and forgiving person when it comes to dining experiences/ reviews and I don't wanna sound like I'm knit picking, but during my visit, it just seemed like everything was really off, to me as well as my friends. All in all, my opinion of this place is that it's just a fancy version of Five Guys with a desert menu and alcohol. I really wanted to like this place, but it just didn't work out for me. Hopefully your experience will be better than mine...

On a side note, they have a "secret menu" on their website. It's it the bottom of the menu page.
Not impressed at all.. 

First off, this place is way to expensive for what you get. The "Double" burger is the size of a Junior Cheeseburger from Wendy's and you get nothing on the side with your meal. If my 10 dollars plus for my drink, burger and fries were bad enough, the burger that they served me was charred to a Crisp. 

I'm all about Grass fed, no GMO beef and all that happy crap. But come on. This does not mean you can screw the consumer with pitiful Morsels of beef just because it's Organic..   

I'll give a star for the beer and wine options but that's it. For the money you spend in this over hyped, trendy fast food joint it's not worth it. Go across the street to the Reading Terminal Market for a real meal!
So I ate her last night and it was a very bad experience, ordered my food and it took forever nobody seemed to care that 14 people got their food before me that ordered after me i was #98 and #12 got their food before me .The place is filthy trash all over the floor, broken table that almost fell on my kid, condiment container was empty, trash cans were over flowed.  The manager seemed to not care about any of this . Never again. Oh and they weren't even that busy as you can see in the one pic
I've been to this location before, and I've had a good experience all those other times. However from this one bad experience I really can't ever come back. I was having a hard time hearing the cashier's question, and she was nice throughout all of this. Sadly, the coworker working on the cashier next to her was not as nice and suddenly screamed the question she was asking. Both of us were shocked and that made the whole ordeal awkward. The food is good and all, but I'm definitely not coming back ever again with how shitty service this is.

Update: To the customer care rep,
I tried typing in that link, I'm guessing it expired or something because it wouldn't go through.
My first visit here and I was impressed with the copious amount of fresh cut, hot and crispy French fries (a la Five Guys *sorry*) Don't get me wrong, the burgers here are moderately priced and worth a try but I am a sucker for crispy, fresh cut fries
I am only in philly for the second time, so I had never heard of Burgerfi before. However being from New York I am well acquainted with this type of classy burger joint. They have been a new trendy thing popping up everywhere in the NYC area for a few years now. However Burgerfi exceeded my expectations. 
I was with a group that had food restrictions so we could only order the onion rings and french fries (largest sizes of each) and it was more than enough for the 5 of us to snack on. To make it a little more interesting I asked Shandae (I got the name of the lady at the register because she was that good) for a bunch of the sauces too. Many restaurant workers get annoyed with this kind of request, especially with customers who are just snacking. However not only was Shandae totally cool about it, but I got little sides of alllllll their fry toppings- all the sauces/seasonings, the melted cheese and chilli! 
After such an amazing experience I cannot wait to return when I can order burgers too. While the food being well above average was part of why my dining experience was so great, it is even more because of how amazing Shandae's service was- the perfect blend of friendly, professional, and understanding!
Just take a look at all the pictures and notice how unappetizing the food looks here. You can say not to judge a book by its cover, but the cover here is pretty darn accurate. 

We got the brisket burger (which is more expensive than the normal burger), fries, shake, and the breakfast burger. 

The brisket burger is supposed to be some special dry-aged business, but it tasted EXACTLY the same as the patty from the breakfast burger. On top of that, it was burnt and TINY. 

The breakfast burger was so tiny it made the whole burger just taste like EGGS. I don't know what logic they're using if the egg takes up 1/2 your burger and the patty only takes up 1/10. 

The fries were simply soggy and old. 

Now the shake was actually pretty good, and is the only thing I actually WOULD'VE returned for, but my night here ended with my PURSE GETTING STOLEN. Yes, don't let the outside glamour of this place fool you! MY PURSE GOT STOLEN HERE. The manager offered to check the videos, but in actuality, never did. This just shows how little they care for their customers and their safety if a purse is able to get stolen and they do ABSOLUTELY nothing about it. At least pretend you care?
The place looks great but there ends the positive. McDonalds level service, seriously over cooked burger, minuscule toppings. How does one make blue cheese bland!? By putting a tsp on a burger. Ok the fries were pretty good. Took way too long to get our food. It should be simple to do this limited menu well.
Went here on a Friday night after the flower show. It was pretty crowded but we were able to get  a table. It was dirty though.

I got a double burger with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. The burger was pretty good. I enjoyed every bite and it filled me up. The fries were ok too.

They have the fancy coke machines which I love.

Got a chocolate milkshake- because they ran out of all of the other ice cream. Kind of disappointing but the shake was good. 

The wait for food wasn't too bad. 

Overall it was pretty good- I think the price was a bit high though.
3, 2, 1. That's how my expressions are for this burger joint. So, I had a bad experience at another restaurant while eating their "burger" which made me wanna try this place. Initially, the food and quality was awesome. I ordered their original and the CEO burger. I highly suggest the CEO for a more richer and unique spin on a burger but the bad point of this place is the service.

The cashiers are generally nice but orders can takes a long time. Orders can take up to 40 mins based on my friend's experience. People who ordered after us got their food before us even though the order was not complex. Food, a burger and small fries, can cost a little over $10 which is a steal for what you get but horrible if you're waiting for over half an hour for a simple meal.

Recommendations: Go when it's slower and empty and when you're not too hungry. Portions are a tad small in my opinion. 

Overall: 3 (Rounded) Deserves a 2 TBH
Food: 4
Service: 1.5
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3
