YAS HONEY. Nevermind the fact that the upstairs is so cramped that you can awkwardly stroke your stranger-neighbor if you feel the urge, or the fact that you have to learn how to lip-read REAL quick cause you legit cannot hear a word that your dining mate(s) is/are saying. Butcher Bar was worth it. 

Every human we encountered, from the hostess to our waiter to the random dude who brought dessert out was nothing less than perfectly friendly and helpful. 

They have wine on tap, and I...I just really appreciated that. 

The sloppy joe poutine was really good once my mouth adjusted to the sweetness. The fries maintained their crisp even while buried underneath the mountain of sweet slop. Impressive.

The pretzel monkey bread (though more of a baby pretzel loaf than the traditional pull-apart monkey bread), when dunked in that divine horseradish mustard and cheese sauce, was sent straight from the heavens.

I dunno man, sometimes you're just craving a messy, greasy cheeseburger. Since we're adults now who go to places like Butcher Bar instead of McDonald's at 2am, it's not as easy to get your fix. The Royale was reminiscent of the Quarter Pounder, yes, but it was a well-executed rendition and it hit the spot so who cares. 

And finally, the skillet cookie. I was immensely glad that we kept our normal food order kinda tame, because if I hadn't had enough room to finish this cookie I would've been all kinds of pissed. Each bite was more delectable than the last.

Alllll of this goodness came to only ~70ish bucks + tip. I plan to return as soon as humanly possible to try roughly every other item on the menu.
And "best meal I've ever had in Philly" goes to.... BUTCHER BAR! Hands down, best steak, lamb and ribs I've ever had. Holy crapoli, I seriously hit the jackpot! I am in love with this place.

Seriously... words could never fully express how good the food is. I HAVE to recommend the lamb, steak and fries along with the wild boar ribs. Trust me, go with a partner and split these dishes down the middle. Your taste buds will thank you! 

The lamb, steak and ribs are cooked to perfection.  The steak and lamb are so perfect you don't need any sauce accompanying it. As for the ribs, it comes with a BBQ sauce that elevates the dish to a whole new level. The meat is smoked for hours on end. The meat just falls off the bone - just pull those bones out and go to town! Oh and the cornbread that accompanies the ribs... oh my goodness!!! It has a little kick with a beautiful glaze! 

Want something in addition to your entree? I recommend the stuffed mushroom caps and/or the baked beans with candied bacon and the mac and cheese. 

After you finished eating the best meat of your life move on to dessert. Omg... the key lime pudding.... the best I've ever had... and the best my family has ever tried. The flavor just explodes in your mouth. It's easy to see that they pay attention to details. Not much of a key lime pie person? Then go with the thick cookie baked in a skillet. Perfectly crispy on the edges topped with refreshing vanilla ice cream.

Uh, I cannot say enough about this place. The staff are incredible. They really add to the experience and give the best recommendations if you are undecided. 

The drinks... order some! The bartenders know what a nicely balanced drink is. They are so delicious it's hard to stop at just one.

I've taken several friends and family (because I feel that everyone I know must know about this place) and every single one of them stated it was the best meat and desert they ever had. So what more can I say?! Get a reservation and enjoy!
I had the pleasure of recently dining here with two good yelp friends. While the pictures all look great and the reviews are pretty positive, what sets Butcher bar apart from any of the other Steakhouses in the city? That is easy, amazing layers of flavors and an even more amazing server (I am terrible with names)! Also, I know you've seen pictures of the Trough!

We opted to share everything which is always the best plan of attack. While we were handed menus we pretty much went with most of the server's recommendations. The stand out for me? The salad. I know how do you come to a steakhouse and be blown away by the SALAD?! This romaine salad was topped with pancetta, roasted red peppers, in a spicy chipotle dressing with the most divine polenta croutons. MMM those polenta croutons! On to the other options:

House Applewood Smoked Slab of Bacon - impressive portion and nicely glazed. If you are a bacon lover order this.

The Italian pork, veal, beef, fontina stuffed, slow roasted pork gravy, pecorino romano, basil: While nicely represented it was not mind blowing and I wouldn't order again. Instead I am eyeing the YARDs IPA SPICY ITALIAN (stewed peppers & onion) and paired with a nice IPA.

Smoked Gouda Mac n Cheese: Must order. Cheesy and creamy with a nice crunchy topping.

Smoked Wild Boar Ribs chipotle-peach BBQ sauce, cheesy cornbread: they were fall off the bone tender and the glaze worked well with the gaminess of the meat. Balanced layered flavor.

I wasn't very impressed with the beer selection and was not in the mood for a cocktail. I am sure they rotate their list often therefore I am looking forward to their IPA selection next time.

The key to a successful dining experience is to share tapas style. I don't think I would have been as satisfied had we just went the normal everyone-order-their-own-entrée route. Also, book a reservation. While it looks small from the outside there is quite a few seats spread over the two floors; seats fill up fast.
This weekend I went to Butcher Bar along with 7 other very hungry people and attempted at finishing the Trough. I can proudly announce: "mission accomplished"! 

You need to order the trough in advance and put down a $125 deposit since they have to order all the meat in advance. They say it usually feeds 6-8 people but i can say 8 is definitely enough (also it would be cheaper to split the bill among 8 people). You get the following with the trough: chicken, variety of sausages, steak, ribs, kabobs, house smoked bacon all served with pita and fries. If you are still hungry you can also order anything from their menu - maybe some vegitables so you feel like you are being healthy for the night! The meat was cooked to perfection - my absolute favorites were the steak, house smoked bacon and the chicken. The one meat I thought did not impress that much were the kebobs but don't get me wrong they were still pretty good! 

No matter how full you get - you have to order the cookie skillet!!! That is an absolute must try - DO NOT leave butcher bar without trying it. The warm cookie and the ice cream combo was absolute perfection.
Meat me at Butcher Bar. Give me meat and meet me there, after my first visit those are two things that will need to happen again. 

Dining with Mariella S. and Kathleen D., we had a cute corner spot upstairs. I would've loved to sit right by the window, but I bet those spots are hot commodities. Noted for next time. 

Everything about our visit was standout, including our server. She showed an enthusiasm for the menu and for her job. If a server didn't need to be efficient, I could've seen her highlighting the menu and specific items for hours. I would've enjoyed listening. 

She sold us on a new salad that wasn't even on the menu at the time. It was the most fun spin to a Caesar salad-  crispy pancetta, baby romaine, roasted red peppers, shaved locatelli, panisse croutons, chipotle caesar dressing. It's now on the menu, so I'd absolutely recommend getting it. It's large enough to share with one or two people if you are getting other appetizers. 

As for the rest of the menu, maybe I went into the meal thinking the portions would be small based on Yelp pictures, but I was pleasantly surprised that they weren't. The Applewood smoked bacon with a maple glaze was much bigger than similar style bacon I've tried elsewhere. It was a really hearty, cured piece of meat. 

The Italian meatball was delicious, but probably the most "standard" of the items we tried. It was made up of pork, veal, beef, fontina stuffed, slow roasted pork gravy, pecorino romano and basil. I guess there's only so much you can do with balls. 

The best of show was the boar short ribs. I'm a short rib snob, but the combination of the sauce and the boar meat made these something to write home about. They were fall off the bone and delectable. It looks like they change up the menu and the short rib is now being prepared differently now, but as long as it's the same quality meat and cooking, I can only imagine it being a stellar dish with any preparation. 

They had a small, but solid beer list in addition to some fun cocktails. I couldn't make up my mind so I opted for the Win Win, which consisted of IPA and liquor. Win-win for me! 

Everything was delicious, the portions were solid, our server was great and the environment was nice. What more can you really need? 

Meet me at the meat...who's joining me for the trough?
My friend and i had a fun time at B.B. this eve. We were seated right away but the place was full by 7, so @ 6:15 pm on a Monday eve we just made it before the rush. 

Positives:
Really nice crowd and nice vibe!
My friend enjoyed the hard cider, it was from Austin so is my friend so neither my friend nor the cider felt lonesome. :)
Great staff and an interesting menu but you better like meat! Most of our choices were delicious:
Sloppy joe "poutine"- it's all meat (no beans) chili cheese fries (no cheese curds) a little sweet, nice kick, great balance of flavors and textures, ate it too fast for a photo sorry  5/5

Cauliflower and Brussels sprout dish: they were very crunchy but i like barely cooked through veggies so for me they were 5/5

Great knowledgeable folks and really nice clientele 

Negatives:
It's noisy, you can barely hear anything but everyone seems happy!

Italian meatballs tasted like the sauce had not simmered for a second let alone two hours like it should have done, the tomatoes came from can to table; the taste was noticeable tinny. The meatballs were hard too so 2/5

It was hot in there and the flies were attacking us

Overall experience:
Because the staff was really nice, our other two dishes were delicious, and they sell hard cider (from a can) made in Austin, I've added an extra star. 

Hey BB chef, if "Italian" is the modifier for any dish, it better be fantastic! Those meatballs were definitely not Italian in anyway...

I'd go back on a cooler eve (when the flies are less plentiful and the AC is working at top notch:) and I'd definitely order the "poutine" again-even though it's not really poutine!
This was my second visit to The Butcher Bar, but first time for brunch. My boyfriend and I split the Butcher Mimosa, which supplied two small drinks each to us. My brother and friend had the Spicy Butcher Bacon Bloody. I ordered the Breakfast Toast and a side of roasted potatoes; boyfriend had the BLT; brother had the poached eggs; and friend ordered the special which was make-your-own salmon, lox, and cream cheese bagels.

I also had the Blackberry Brunch Potion and do not recommend. It wasn't mixed (which I thought was intentional since it did not come with a straw or stirrer), but really did not taste good un-mixed. And even when I did mix it up, it still tasted too syrupy. Adding some water helped a little but I still did not enjoy it. 

I love how the back patio is set up. At first we were very comfortable and warm, and then the heaters actually became too hot (which was easily fixed when a server turned it down for us). But overall, the service was great, we felt COVID-safe, and enjoyed our experience.
Nothing better than a sloppy Quarter Pounder with cheese, or as the French call it: Royal Cheese, and of course I don't mean the famous McDonald's Quarter Pounder in Pulp Fiction.
Are all burger the same? The question's been asked.
N.O.! And thankfully, a new gastropub has just opened in Philly, and MEATatarian can go and enjoy some real "meat"variety -- and few sides to satisfy vegetarians as well.
Talking about meats, cheeses & vegetables boards, mama-approved meatballs (including eggplant balls), home-made sausages (including seafood sausage), and wood-fired grilled meats. In addition to few sides and appetizers and a solo sausage rigatoni for pasta-lovers.

I had the Royal Cheese with lettuce, pickles, and onions spilling out onto my plate (luckily not on my lap). Yelpers, this is one unbelievable burger you should stuff in your face, and gorge yourself on the meaty goodness!

Oh, and make sure you save some space for the skillet chocolate chip cookie. It will blow your mind.

I would have given The Butcher bar five stars if it wasn't for the unfriendly hostess. I have very limited experience in restaurants industry (just dining at them at least 5-8 times a week), however, I'm pretty sure that service with a smile applies to the host/hostess as well as the server. I was so excited to try The Butcher bar that I arrived 30 minutes before the restaurant opens. I waited outside till they opened the doors (it was 03:56pm). The hostess stared at me for a whole minute before, she told me rudely and I quote "we open officially at 4 o'clock". I  may be overreacting and sensitive, but I consider that a lack of manners. She could simply have said: " We will open in few minutes, but I'll be happy to seat you" with a smile!

Excellent service otherwise, thanks for the smile Rye:like the whisky, or the bread if you wish. 

P.S: Whoever created the music playlist here R.O.C.K.S!

I'll be back to try more meats and another cookie.

Four and Half Yelps
The chef here knows his meats, one of best burgers I have ever had. I was staying at Marriot and wanted to explore Center City, walked 10 min and found this place, Amazing!
tl;dr a sophisticated take on Southern-comfort food specializing in all things carnivore, but the service was shockingly poor

My friends, fortunately, were able to book a last-minute brunch at Butcher Bar. The atmosphere was exciting, a chic bi-level eatery accented by Southern homeyness. Immediately walking in is a long bar, stocked with plenty of drink options. We were brought through dining areas, decorated with vintage posters and butchershop decor, taking the stairs down into a backyard patio. The patio had a hydraulic awning and heat lamps to make sure its comfortable even for the winter. 

We were surprised, however, when they brought us to a table for 6 when our reservation was for 8. The host sheepishly proceeded to place 2 extra chairs on either end of the table, but it felt too cramped. Afterward, no one greeted us at our table for nearly 15 minutes. When we finally managed to get our waitress's attention, she was unprofessional and rude toward us. Her attitude lasted throughout the remainder of the meal, and it seemed as though she made every effort to ignore us from then on. We even ended up having to ask the manager for water.

Although the service was abysmal, the food was actually quite good! One of my friends and I decided to split two dishes: the Fried Chicken & Waffle Benedict and the Royale with Cheese. The chicken was separate from the waffle benedict on the plate, which ensured that it stayed crispy. My only critique was that the waffle was soggy, but that's what happens when it's left to sit underneath the egg and hollandaise. Meanwhile, the burger was really good. The bun was firm and buttery, while the burger was juicy and flavorful (but perhaps a bit overcooked for my taste). The fries were well-seasoned and served with a delicious BBQ sauce, but I wish they were just a bit crispier. In all, I would recommend giving Butcher Bar a try for the food, but I do not think I will be going back myself.
Came here on a warm summer night and sat out back.  They have a lot of fans on the patio so even though it was a bit warm and humid, it was fairly comfortable out back on the patio.

Karen was our server and she was excellent.  When my friend ordered a beer that was an ale rather than a lager (like he said) she confirmed what was correct in a helpful manner.  She knows the entire menu backwards and forwards!    Drinks were very good, esp my old fashioned.  I love a good cocktail.

For food, my buddy and I both had ribeye and our other friend had the boar ribs.  My ribeye was terrific and the asparagus which accompanied it was so good I could have eaten an entire plate of that.  My other friend didn't care for his boar ribs...he said they had too much gristle and were very tough.  However, he is something of a picky eater so I take his critique with a grain of salt!

Dessert came in the form of a Nutella stuffed chocolate chip cookie skillet and also a peanut butter cheesecake in a ramekin.  Both were outstanding.

I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in Philadelphia.  Great place!
I've had my eye on this place for months so I was ecstatic when my boyfriend and I had an occasion to celebrate and chose this place as our date spot!

As soon as we walked in for our 7:00 pm reservation, we both took note of the awesome atmosphere. It has a rustic vibe with a large fire pit, wood floors, minimal lighting, and very cool plate ware and dishes. We were immediately sold (especially my boyfriend who really appreciates that kinda stuff)! 

As soon as we were seated at our table on the upper level, our waitress was quick to approach us with menus. She was friendly and knowledgeable, and immediately gave us a rundown of the full menu. 

For our drinks, he ordered a beer while I got the win win which consisted of gin, grapefruit, orange bitters, and IPA. I was very impressed with my cocktail of choice! The grapefruit was very potent, which is something to keep in mind if you aren't a grapefruit fan. 

Now for the food... we ordered quite a few small plates/sides, as well as two entrees and dessert. Here's the breakdown of my favorite dishes...

- Smoked gouda mac and cheese: honestly, I don't think I've ever NOT enjoyed mac and cheese, but Butcher Bar took it to another level. The noodles were warm and smothered in cheesy goat cheese goodness. Highly recommended!

- Linguini with crispy pancetta, mushrooms, sundried tomatoes, white wine cream sauce, and balsamic reduction from the house pastas menu: fantastic. It was rich, creamy, and flavorful. I really enjoyed the crispy pancetta for some protein! Definitely a hit!

- Nutella filled chocolate chip skillet cookie with ice cream: AMAZING! Whether you have a sweet tooth or not, this is a dessert you really cannot miss (being too full is not an excuse to skip this dessert, trust me)!

Now for the dishes I could pass on...

- American meatballs: I was most excited for this dish, but ended up slightly disappointed. Although there was nothing bad about them, there was nothing to rave about either. They were also served lukewarm. Next time, maybe I would try one of their other meatball variations instead.

- Bone in rib eye: I tried a sliver of this entree that my boyfriend ordered. Although good, it tasted TOO charred to me. Coming from a girl who really likes her meats well done, I still felt it spent a little too much time in the pit.

Overall, although Butcher Bar wasn't everything I had expected, I still enjoyed my meal and had a nice experience. I'm not sure if it will become part of my rotation, but I'm sure I'll be back again sometime when I'm craving some comfort food.
I was so excited to try this place as I definitely veer on the carnivorous side of eating... And the place did not disappoint. 
Made a reservation for a Monday night for a party of 6. I love the look of the space with white tile and wood. The weather was lovely so the open doors and windows were amazing.
And onto the food. Plenty of meat-centric dishes but a few dishes for the veg lover too.
Standouts for me include the sloppy joe poutine, the chicken chicharrons... While neither Classic both were messy dishes with tons of flavor and fat. The chicken liver mousse, while tasty was super super goopy. House made jerky was good but not worth the price. 
Entree wise everything was great. My friends scarfed down their burgers. The octopus was small but perfectly cooked and seasoned. My boar ribs were flavorful but a bit dry... But the cheesy cornbread made up for it.
The market fish of the day is killer. 
Service was decent but could use a little more finesse--drink and wine glasses sat empty and occasionally we asked for another and it was forgotten. 
So go. Get yourself a drink and a burger. You won't regret it.
I'm plotting on getting my vegetarian friends to come here, because they may just convert after this meal!

Came here two nights ago on a warm mid-October evening with a group of friends. We all had been to Mercato, Valanni, and Varga at some point so naturally we were excited to find out Butcher Bar had finally opened.

We didn't make a reservation so when we showed up we were told it would be a short wait. There's a cute downstairs bar so we decided to grab drinks while we waited. I like that it's one of the few places in Philly where the hostess takes down your phone number so you can be reached via text when your table is ready. 

Less than 10-15 min later the table was ready. It was perfect mid-70s out so we opted for outdoor seating. I didn't tour the upstairs space (the restaurant is bilevel) but the outdoor area in the back behind the first floor kitchen is great (spacious, rustic, casual, just the perfect vibe).

Our waiter was extremely helpful. I do this annoying thing at restaurants occasionally where I ask my servers what their personal favorites are and involve them actively in my decision making process (it's annoying because they're prob sick of people like me). But it irritates me in return when I'm given some diplomatic answer like "EVERYTHING is great! Just depends on what you like!" Just commit, dang it. Our guy was the complete opposite. He named a couple items from each section that he thought were the stand-out dishes and also cut us off when we started over-ordering.

Well everything we ordered was just yummy in my mouth (and tummy). My personal favs were the cauliflower steak, the crispy chicken chicharron (YOU MUST GET THIS), the chicken liver mousse, the mac n cheese (apparently this is the most popular dish here), and the cornbread (yup better than Boston Market's hehe). We also got the poutine, meatballs (both Greek and Italian ones were solid), and the wild boar ribs (you're in luck if you like their cornbread because it comes with the dish).

Every person at the table liked the meal which I think says a lot about this place when 7 people with fairly distinct palates can agree on this. I would recommend this to anyone because the food was unpretentiously delicious but even more inventive than what the chefs have previously demonstrated in their other kitchens.
Your first meal on vacation can really set the tone for the rest of the trip.  Yelp guided us here and as usual... delivered!

Cool tunes (okay, maybe too much Red Hot Chili Peppers), cool staff (lots of ink and dyed hair, of course) and a tight and lean menu that had some serious cocktails and food specials that had a chip on its shoulder.

It was lunch so the four of us split two meals and that was plenty.  Delicious, ridiculous calorie bombs literally oozing with flavor and yumminess.

Killer.  But expensive.
My experience at Butcher Bar was divine.

We had a rez on Saturday night and the place was packed. We were seated promptly. Their cocktails didn't strike my fancy but their draft beer list was colorful and expansive so I ordered off of there. 

Onto the FOOD! The PRETZEL monkeybread was probably our least remarkable dish. If you're a Philly pretzel purist, don't order this dish as the butter coating makes it reminiscent of an Auntie Anne's pretzel (which I actually don't mind). 

We moved on the TURDUCKEN sausage with cornbread. I honestly wasn't sure exactly what to expect, but what I received was a dish unlike any other sausage dish I have ever had. It was meaty, salty, sweet, and mixed many different textures. It was absolutely amazing! We then moved onto the HEN entree which was moist, flavorful, and perfect. We had no room for the famous cookie skillet, but it'll have to be sampled next time. 

I would return and eat the same 3 dishes and leave happy. Will be back soon!
Great, Unique spot near Rittenhouse. I live in Miami, so Philly is a great Foodie City like MIA. I wanted something unique and this was it. Menu meant for sharing and sampling. Excellent homemade sausages and meats. We had the Sour Cream & Onion wings as that's what everyone does. It was good but not "amazing" or anything. (Cost $11). We had a seafood sausage which was different than anything I've ever had. It was great, just a bit "fishy" and was presented nicely. Then we got the Wild Boar Spare Ribs..wow! They were great, but spicy! Meat just comes right off, you can just pull the little bone out from under and eat with a fork. Excellent Jalapeño Cornbread came with it ($26?). 
Bar has lots of craft cocktails and different beers. Service was great, sat upstairs on a busy Sunday evening. Small kitchen is the center of the restaurant highlights the restaurant and shows off their homemade desserts. 

Great visit, def recommend!
The food here is amazing and the concept is so refreshing. There are lots of meat items to choose from, all of which are locally sourced and humanity raised which I appreciated. We ended up trying the following:

-Grilled Peach & Burrata salad: 10/10
-American Meatballs: 9/10
-Mac & Cheese w/ sweet potato crust: 10/10 (literally the best I've had in the city!)
-Roasted Carrots: 8.5/10
-Grilled Spanish Octopus: 10/10 (super tender and flavorful)
-Wild Boar Ribs w/ Chipotle Peach BBQ Sauce: 10/10 (sooooo flavorful and the meat fell right off the bone)

Our waiter, Sean, was super friendly and attentive plus the atmosphere was clean, bright and fun. I loved the subway tile walls and iron details. 

My only complaint is how loud the back room is. I couldn't hear my boyfriend all that well (luckily we were focused on the food) and every smash and bang of every plate in the kitchen nearby was extremely audible. I recommend trying to sit upstairs if you can but don't let it stop you from going.

A must-try new spot in Philly!
We've dined here for Easter Sunday on 04/16/2017 and our server, Mindy was amazing! She told us she was a new server but from the way she made sure our food was presented at a appropriate time and throughly explained the menu, we thought she's been there for a while! I look forward to Mindy being my server when I dine there for dinner soon! 

For brunch, my fiancé and I ordered the amazing mimosas that had the perfect balance of champagne and orange juice without overpowering anything and though I left quite tipsy, my fiancé and I were so happy and full! 

We ordered the coffee french toast that was delectable and hearty, as well as a skillet that didn't leave us wanting more due to how stuffed we were. Brunch is amazing there and I'll happily come back for brunch in the future, for now, dinner reservations are in the works!
We gave Butcher Bar a try on a Tuesday night. We had a reservation and were seated immediately.

This is what we ordered:

Chicken Liver Mousse
Shockingly bad. The mousse was liquid and topped with hard chocolate that added nothing to the dish. 

Greek Meatballs
Moist lamb meatballs with a light yogurt sauce and fresh veggies. It was good but I found myself yearning for a more decadent sauce to counter the lamb.

Chicharrones
Deep fried chicken skin with a bright aioli. My friend liked it but I personally couldn't get down with paying so much for fried chicken scraps and mayo.

Brussel Sprouts and Cauliflower
Crispy, crunchy delicious vegetables! Loved the thick balsamic sauce. No complaints. I could eat plates of this by myself.

I'd be willing to try Butcher Bar again but won't be making any plans soon. The chicken liver mousse was too much of a letdown. It's still worth trying if you're a meat lover!
Butcher Bar doesn't seem to know exactly what it wants to be. But whatever they're doing, it's delicious. It's not quite barbecue shop, not quite tapas, certainly not a steak house, but they've taken elements of all of these. The jerky was pretty good albeit a little chewier than I'd like. Cauliflower & brussel sprouts were excellent. The Italian meatball was great but left me wanting more (maybe that was the point?) and the mac & cheese was on point. Of course, ended with the cookie in a skillet because you have to walk by them all in process which is just unfair. 

A decent beer menu, and just on this side of what I'm willing to spend for dinner out. Worth a visit!
My buddy and I both got the cowboy skillet.

I wanna start with the let downs: (1) there was too much oil in the skillet, it was like when I make breakfast at home and I accidentally over poured, (2) there was a severe lack of potato fingerlings - my buddy and I had the same impression that the amount of food was on the smaller side and could have been remedied with little more potatoe and another egg, (3) the dish came with slices of bacon that was annoying because I had to cut them up, for presentation and convenience I'd prefer them already cut - which would have lowered cook time as well, and (4) we waited about 30 minutes for our food just for there to be cheese in my buddy's skillet which he explicitly asked for no cheese.

Now for what I loved: (1) the flavor in the dish was really good, very savory, (2) the amount of meat in the skillet was more than expected - my buddy even got an extra piece of bacon in his to compensate for the lack of cheese, (3) the interior decor in this place is beautiful and consistent throughout, and (4) our server (bartender) was super friendly and helpful

In the end I'd go back here if a friend wanted to, but I don't think I would suggest this place to a friend.
When Butcher Bar first opened, the outdoor sign instantly caught my eye. The sign alone brought life to a block that previously felt abandoned. Other than El Rey, there didn't seem to be much else attracting people to that particular section of Chestnut Street.

My co-workers and I do HH at least once a week so we decided to go in. The interior is truly cool. It manages to be extremely modern without losing the cozy vibe because of the size of the ground floor. The bar area is quite intimate and snug. 

I will say however that it may be a tad too snug - especially when it is hot outside. We were a little uncomfortable despite sitting next to a big fan. There generally is not a lot of space which has caused our group to pop in and pop right out on following occasions out of concern that we would be reliving our prior experience. 

Despite everything I've just said, I did hear from one of my coworkers that if you're seated upstairs, you will not come across any of these issues.

Onto food and drinks. I've only been for HH but the drinks are good and the meatballs are great. I honestly can't recall if I tried The Greek or The Italian but I know that I will be ordering them again. I wasn't a fan of the Pretzel Monkey Bread or the Sour Cream and Onion Fried Chicken - the flavors were too intense for me. My friend is the one who ordered the chicken and he asked us to take a bite to confirm whether it overwhelmed the palette. The consensus was yes.

Overall, when it isn't too crowded I think it's a solid HH spot and I appreciate it's presence on Chestnut St.
I heard about Butcher Bar via a Philly Mag article in which the Trough was featured. The mondo dinner option is self-explanatory, but I wanted to see what else the restaurant had to offer, so that's how Amani P and I found ourselves there recently.

Our visit started out great, with a detailed rundown of the menu from the server. I decided on meatballs and mac and cheese. The three meatballs came with a generous portion of spicy marinara sauce, and the combo of meats that composed them was perfectly juicy. The mac and cheese was similarly outstanding--I couldn't stop exclaiming about how creamy the bechamel sauce was.

Finally, and most importantly, we decided to split a cookie skillet for dessert. This was the best decision of the night--the cookie was warm, gooey, and filled with Nutella. It was also topped with ice cream, and I was so impressed with this dish that I talked about it for a week straight.

I want the Trough so badly, but unfortunately I haven't had it yet. Now taking applications for like-minded individuals who also want to gorge themselves on meat and sides.
Love this new addition to the Philly restaurant scene! We stopped by for drinks before dinner and had a great time. Excellent drinks, loved every one we ordered from the cocktail selection. Plus, there were a decent amount of vegetarian food options - which was a pleasant surprise! The hipster (veggie) meatballs came as 3 in a small iron skillet and were delicious. I also couldn't help but admire the mouthwatering display of candied yams and chocolate chip cookies (with nutella) near the kitchen. Although I didn't get to explore the menu this time, I'm definitely coming back for dinner and dessert. And more drinks. 

The dining area is large with tables upstairs and in the back room. The bar area got pretty packed by the time we left at 7:30pm but we were very lucky to find seating for three at 6.
Had no idea what I got myself into, but we celebrated our friends birthday by ordering "The Trough", otherwise known as "a $250 monster dinner of rotisserie chicken, sausages, grilled skirt steak, rack of ribs, kabobs, house-smoked bacon, bone-in short ribs, hand-cut fries, and grilled pita" (Eater Philadelphia, Alex Tewfik) -- so make sure to grab a couple of buddies! Best in my opinion were the rack of ribs that simply fell off the bone after a bite. As for the short ribs, it can be hard getting it off the bone, so put all your manners and pride aside and get ready to dig in with your hands!

Oh my gawd. You know what a goldfish looks like when it turns over on its belly? That goldfish was me that night, for better or for worse. All I can say is if you're a meat lover, welcome to your haven.I haven't tried dining in yet, but we did order brussel sprouts as an appetizer on the side and that's highly recommended! Looking forward to splurging again
We came to Butcher Bar for brunch during a bachelor party weekend. And what better way to cap off a weekend with a bunch of guys than to take on the enormous "brunch trough". This thing was absolutely insane. They brought it out on a giant wooden slab, which was piled up with tons of breakfast/brunch food. It had bacon, sausage, steak, egg frittata, hash browns, biscuits, pancakes, and even cheeseburgers! I think it was something like $250 and could feed a crowd, so not a bad deal at all. We had fun tackling it, but couldn't quite polish it off... My favorite item was actually the cheeseburger and would definitely come back to just get that.
I can't wait to return here for actual dinner instead of after-work drinks/apps.  I'm a little disappointed our server didn't make any mention of the happy hour specials (nor were there any menus/sheets on the table about it), but honestly, it was a blessing in disguise because I discovered a new drink that I absolutely love which our server recommended for me.  

She was super knowledgeable of their expansive whiskey offerings, which was a nice plus.  I ended up ordering their "New York Sour," which was essentially a fresh made whiskey sour with a dash of red wine (fresh, strong, perfectly crafted, and no fake sour mixes).  Two of these and I was adequately buzzed.  I think they were like $15 a piece, which yes is pricey for a cocktail, but DAMN worth it.  These bartenders know what they're doing.  If you're a whiskey lover, or just appreciate a well-made cocktail, this is your place.

Anyway, their menu is nice and varied, with tapas style appetizers/small plates, charcuterie, and obviously a great meat entree section with a nice selection of different chops/cuts.  I was just looking for something small, so opted for their duck confit wings, which were, to put it simply, fantastic.  Succulent, crispy, tender and smothered in a wonderful asian style barbecue sauce and scallions. SO good.  My friend's crispy cauliflower/brussel sprouts dish was also very tasty.  The tapas are obviously on the smaller side, but adequate enough portions if you want to be comfortably full.

For 4 New York Sours and 2 appetizers, it came to about $75, which is on the high end.  But honestly worth it in my opinion.  I will 100% return back and try one of their steaks, etc., and definitely another great cocktail.

P.S. - There's a deceiving amount of seating in the place and their back outdoor seating area is adorable.
The good thing about my wife having a huge family is everyone wanted to take me out for my birthday so my birthday gets extended for about a week.  For a belated birthday dinner my brother in law and I headed over to the Butcher Bar.  I knew it was going to be a good night when I found parking on Chestnut across the street, it still cost me $7.50, but I'll take it.

Butcher Bar was a lot larger then we expected. The restaurant is long and fairly narrow but also has an upstairs dining room. While we were being seated, we walked by the fire grill and one is hit with that smell and my mouth automatically started watering. The space is very slick inside with wood floors, subway tiles, cool lighting and a tin ceiling. 

My daughter was able to meet us there coming off her rotation from Med school and we ordered a few dishes to sample and share;

* The Hipster Meatballs - roasted eggplant & mozzarella, burrata, spicy marinara - These were two big meatballs and were very good and the sauce was excellent.

* Linguini with crispy pancetta, crimini mushrooms, sundries tomatos, white wine cream sauce, balsamic reduction - The crispy pancetta was awesome. This dish might clog the arteries but who cares?

* Steak & Fries -strip steak, herb sea salt butter, house-cut fries, chimichurri sauce. This was a good size portion and the steak had that super tasty charred edges from the fire. I loved this dish.

* Smoked Wild Boar Ribs - chipotle-peach BBQ sauce, cheesy cornbread. The sauce on these tasty ribs was delicious and brought the heat. The cornbread was unique, slightly sweet and also excellent.

We were really at our limit after all this food but we went for the carrot cake skillet dessert.  This was moist, warm and not overly sweet. I am glad we tried it but I needed to walk off all that food off afterwards

Butcher Bar was a really nice experience and I enjoyed the company. Definitely want to get back here and try the Royale with Cheese. We had fantastic service all night. Although a meat eaters dream there are some salads and such on the menu.

4.5- 5 Yelp stars
mice + awful customer service + meh at best food = butcher bar // mood: straight up not having a good time.

scene: about 10PM on a Tuesday 9/15, not very busy. our table was in an "outdoor section" aka four walls and semi-open roof.

tl;dr - mice, unimpressive food, no concern from restaurant staff on issues, sad day for bread pudding, RIP BP.

tried to have a nice dinner out with my boyfriend since we haven't eaten out much because of quarantine. after being seated and waiting for 10 minutes to see our waiter, he dropped off water and was ready to take our order.  we ordered one three-course meal because we decided to just split it ($35 - duck wings, royale with cheese, bread pudding) and an additional appetizer (smoked gouda mac+cheese). after placing our order, our waiter treated us completely different, as of us splitting a meal meant he wasn't going to be tipped well. 

after waiting long enough to give an entire backstory to a lantern fly that was on an artificial plant, our appetizers came. to be fair, they were good and made up for the time we waited. this is the point where the satisfaction ended. once we finished our apps, we waited so long for a burger that ended up tasting like a BK whopper. the bottom bun was soaked in grease to the point it was inedible, as ended up being the most of the sandwich itself due to it being almost room temperature. the fries had potential if they had been hot. our waiter would have known our dissatisfaction if he had bothered to make an appearance at our table, but our third course arrived before he ever come by to check on us.  we asked that our dessert it be boxed to go because at this point we were annoyed with our service and didn't want to be there any longer than we had too. 

our waiter finally came by to ask how the food was and to drop off the check (note: this was about 15 minutes after we asked for our dessert to be boxed and it was hanging out at our table) we expressed we didn't enjoy the burger, but nothing was said to try and make up for it. after the check was dropped off, we had our payment ready for another 15 minutes. this is when the mice made their appearance.  a table of five that was being waited on by another person left, mice came out of no where. not one, two, or three mice, but five mice started running around looking for what wasn't cleaned up by the busboy. at this point I became very concerned with the cleanliness of the kitchen where our food was made since the outdoor section is three small steps and a quick run from the kitchen, nothing a mouse can't handle. 

once we finished paying and heading towards the exit, I decided to mention it to a woman that was in the kitchen area (not sure title, but was wearing professional clothes, not cooking) that there were a large amount of mice in the area where we were sitting. after telling her this and her cutting me off before I could finish, her reply, in a sarcastic tone, was simply "we are in the city and you were "outdoors", what really do you expect me to do about it?" -  justifying mice because we were "outdoors" is unacceptable. while I understand that rodents are a problem in the city, her tone and lack of concern for the larger picture of the situation is one of the reasons I will not be returning to this restaurant, on top of the service and experience we already had that night.

final straw: the ice cream was on top of our bread pudding, so by the time we got outside after paying it had melted and ruined the bread pudding.  disappointing and a tragedy. (probably being dramatic, but I really wanted that pudding)
I was really looking forward to coming here, but the food turned out to be very meh and overpriced. 

For a place that specializes in meats, I had a lot of trouble processing how their burgers could be so mediocre. 

Their Royale burger ($14) was just all right and is a bit pricy for a burger that comes with American cheese and does not come with any fries. Their Grilled Bison burger did come with some soggy fries, but it was also $23. I ordered it medium and they overcooked it, so it was gray and tough. The toppings (boursin cheese, cabernet & balsamic glazed red onions) looked good on the menu, but did not really add any flavor in real life. 

Their appetizers were also overpriced and underwhelming. We got the Stuffed Portobello Mushroom Caps ($10) and Grilled Peach and Baby Spinach Salad ($12). The salad tasted fine, but only had a few slices of peach and was arranged flat on an oblong plate as if to make it look bigger, while the mushroom cap was on the smaller side and was topped with what seemed like a small amount of overcooked spinach with a little bit of cheese. There was nothing to justify paying $10 or more on each of these items. 

Maybe we picked all the wrong menu items and their other items are better? Unfortunately, I'm not sure I'll be back to find out after spending almost $100 on a mediocre meal for two.
ALL THE YES! Believe the hype people, its real. From start to finish our crew's drinking and dining experience was incredible. The servers are on point and knowledgable, the food is out of this world amazing, the atmosphere that is created is a very chill energetic vibe, and the selection of drinks and food is perfect. 

After walking by this place a few times seeing it packed to the gills, I knew I had to try it. We got lucky with an offbeat friday and were able to walk right in. The only unpleasant note of the experience occurred here as the hostess was a bit rude to us, but not to worry, we found our niche in the back patio bar where Sara took great care to make sure we were taken care of. She started us off with great energy and suggestions and then had Rye take over - who was extremely knowledgable and great to have with us for the night. Those two are fabulous. 

The food. We got 2 things as a table, the brussel sprouts and cauliflower (like holy amazingness you must get this, it is stuff dreams are made of), and the meat and cheese platter, which we decimated between the four of us. It was one of the best laid out meat and cheese platters I have ever had as there was an appropriate amount of everything and also things to put the meat and cheese on. Drinks were on point - their old fashioned was spot on and everyone else enjoyed their selections. 

I seriously cant wait to go back. I wonder if having back to back meals there is socially acceptable.... ah who cares... its too good!
I'll keep it quick: cool space, over priced drinks and beer, monkey bread is a pretzel in a cornbread tray, wings delicious but undercooked, bacon cheddar sausage didn't taste like anything other than overcooked pork, owner on site but more interested in his friends than patrons, place named Butcher Bar but only had one steak on menu, had meatball made of non meat items. Not horrible, but not great. Style over substance; has potential but not living up to it. Pass until improvements are made.
I like Butcher Bar. Not my favorite place in the city, but its very good. 

Brunch is probably the best, you get more bang for your buck. The portions of the brunch are pretty large. They make a good bloody mary, and even better cocktails. The breakfast sandwiches are hearty and delicious. The beer menu is small, but always has a few awesome craft styles.

Dinner I've had twice, and although the food is good, its quite expensive for the small sizes. I didn't like the bone marrow or the smoke slab of bacon, it was too fatty. But the Korean Short Ribs were good, so was the poutine. The Greek Meatballs were delicious, but you only get 3 for $13 was hefty. The Italian Meatballs were good too, but I like Greek better. Again, only got 3 meatballs. Smoked Gouda mac-n-cheese was very delicious, it was probably my favorite item.
I never ordered the big dinner entrees, because every time I've come here is for drinks & snacks, and not to spend $30 an entree. 

The atmosphere here is awesome however. I love the bar in the front, to stay casual. There is dining room seating, but not tons of tables, so make a reservation. My favorite part about the experience is sitting in the large outside patio out back. Its hidden so not many people know about the back patio. I love sitting back there! Service is always great also, they are very attentive and helpful.
We came here for lunch on Friday. There were four of us total and we sat upstairs. Mark was our waiter. It was a first time for all of us. We each had a different sandwich and started with the sloppy Joe's and french fries. The sandwiches didn't come with anything but the portions were huge. We tried the meatball sandwich, and cheeseburger, the chicken sandwich, and the BLT. Of course we had to get the warm chocolate chip cookie for dessert. Everything was great we will be returning soon.
UPDATE: To clarify, my party was moved to the sidewalk AFTER the mouse ran over my foot. Before that, we were sitting in the semi-enclosed seating toward the back of the restaurant. 

One word. MICE. A mouse ran over my foot while I was seated at this restaurant. My party and I saw 5-6 other mice scampering under tables as well.

Management did not seem shocked or apologetic when I informed them about the rodents. They took 3 drinks off of our bill but that was it. It seems that mice are a regular occurrence at this restaurant and management is having a hard time getting this issue under control.
Was in Philadelphia for a show and decided to check out some of the highly rated restaurants in downtown Philly and made reservations at Butcher Bar. Arrived at about 6:30PM for our reservations was thoroughly surprised by the cute decor, it has little decoration from weight scales to butcher utensils (sounds scary but it is cute, trust me!). We were seated in the back, which each table was lined with little tea light candles and it was just such an intimate setting. 

Ordered, too much food for two people to share!! 

Pretzel Monkey Bread - eh? It was served warm with some delicious dipping sauces, so that was quite nice but ultimately not a necessity as it was not fresh from the ovens. I was hopping for something a little bit more pipping hot, cause that matches the essence of monkey bread. Still over all tastes was quite nice, paired well with dipping sauces. 

Crispy Parmesan Garlic Bread - so amazing!! If you like a hard crusty bread, garlic and parmesan than I highly highly suggest this! It does have olive oil in the recipe but its like perfect and so delicious. Amazing! I used this bread to soak up the mac and cheese off the plate.

Smoked Gouda Mac & Cheese - Wow! Perfectly, subtle smoked gouda flavor and pasta was cooked al-dente which was great. It had the panko crust sprinkled on top which is the exact way to top off mac and cheese so it was crunchy! Would highly recommend and order again!

Sloppy Joe Poutine - eh? This reminded me of chili cheese fries, overall decent but not necessarily something to write home about. Chili was flavored well and the fries were crispy.

Rotisserie Game Hen - Delicious! Very very delicious and perfectly cooked hen, it is half of a whole hen so there will be bones for those who do not like to cut their meat off the bones. The chicken was moist in every part and it was so flavorful. 

Would definitely return to actually try the steaks and other meat products but today was more of a random tasting menu!
This was awesome. So sad I didn't take pictures of the food, but we were too busy eating. Our table had the chicken liver mousse, bacon, wild boar ribs, and both of the specials (a surf and turf and a red snapper dish). Everything was AMAZING. Oh! And the skillet cookie for the table. A must.
Went to Butcher Bar the first week it opened and had a great experience (which is tough to say for any first week opening at any restaurant.) Great service and awesome menu. This place is the perfect compliment to the neighborhood. 

Stand outs on the menu include: the sloppy joe poutine french fries, pretzel baked in cast iron skillet with beer cheese and deep dish chocolate chip cookie (also in cast iron skillet.) Can't wait to come back!
After a write up in local magazine I decided to try this place out.  

Tried the chicken wings, the octopus & bone in ribeye. 

The wings were tasty but the accompanying pickled celery was deliciously spicy. It was a nice surprise. I had read so much about the octopus- I decide to order it. While it was perfectly cooked, the olives that it came with completely overpowered the dish. There was no way to enjoy the dish which made me so sad. Since the olives  were so small you could really avoid them. 

My husband got the steak. Strangely it was cut from the bone out - so there were these long strips - not sure why you would do this so a good piece of meat. And the grilled vegetables were between the strips. We also ordered the mashed potatoes which came almost when we were done- and they were cold to boot. 

The space is a bit odd- we were sat upstairs and the low ceiling were a bit claustrophobic. Not sure what would happened when the place is packed. Glad we tried it, you should too.
This places is very solid. 

Service: 5

Food-
Beef Jerky: 3
Mac and cheese: 4
Sloppy Joe Poutine fries: 4
Brussels & Cauliflower: 5
Burger: 4

I would definitely come back here. The only downfall was that we sat outside in the back garden area and I was completely bit up by mosquitoes and we saw a mouse running around. Other than the the food and service is good.
This is truly an A+ in every way possible: food - both the savory and the sweet; drinks - the boozy and the boozier; service, atmosphere - you name it, and this place exceeds expectations. Its name suggests a strong presence of meats on the menu, and while there is, the non-meat items are not to be ignored nor underestimated. 

One of the must-eats includes the sour cream and onion fried chicken wings. One bite will explode into layers of flavors. At first, you're reminded of the best part of Lay's sour cream and onion potato chips: not the chip itself, but the powder that coats your tongue with tangs of garlic and ranch. Next is the satisfying crunch from the perfect crispness of the chicken skin; I would eat a dish, solely composed of that chicken skin. And finally, the chicken meat inside, incredibly and impossibly juicy and tender. Bravo. Next, the roasted cauliflower and brussel sprouts are served charred and are heavily seasoned with Parmesan cheese and lemon, both adding a more savory and tastier dimension to an otherwise mundane dish. Another delicious and shareable item is the smoked Gouda Mac and cheese: mezzi rigatoni pasta swimming in a buttery and creamy Gouda sauce, with chives and cheesy bread crumbs sprinkled on top, all presented in a MINI iron skillet. I emphasize mini because it's considered a side, and I wish it weren't. As for the larger plates, I've tried the rotisserie game hen, a heaping portion of breast and drumsticks, all roasted to perfection, as shown by the glistening and golden brown skin on the outside. The inside, as expected, presented with generous amounts of succulent meat - nothing dry here! The hen sat on top of a bed of slightly roasted cauliflower, which sat in a pool of the meat's jus. Surrounding the hen were sautéed bok choy, fresh, vibrant, and perfect for rounding out the meaty course. The only dish I was unimpressed with was the scallop, lobster, and shrimp sausage. I didn't find it very appealing to the eye (a pale log of sausage), and since the flavors were pretty much derived from seafood, it was hard to reconcile it with the fact that it was a sausage. 

However, I will end on a high note! When you walk into the restaurant, you'll see a mouthwatering display of chocolate chip cookies in iron skillets, covering one of the countertops of the open kitchen. The cookies are warm, soft, and thick, and putting a fork into it, you'll find melted pieces of chocolate chips and gooey Nutella. Pair this with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream, and you'll be blown away. Their dessert selection in general looks pretty amazing, so make sure you check it out, no matter how full you are. 

As for the drinks, I loved the gingery tastes from the Moscow Mule, but I remember I didn't dig the house wines as much. Opt for the cocktails for sure!

Butcher Bar's a relative newcomer, compared to its neighbors, but it didn't come quietly, and it's definitely here to stay!
We stumbled onto this gem when I was in town for Thanksgiving, looking for a fun place to bring my wife and parents before a show at Helium comedy club (which is literally around the corner). What a lucky find - incredible food, fun atmosphere, and great drinks.

We started off with two appetizers- the house made beef jerky and the pretzel monkey bread. Both were fantastic. The beef jerky is very flavorful and rich, and clearly made on the premises. Be warned, you don't really get that much of it, so be prepared for more of a sample than a true appetizer if you're sharing. I thought the pretzel bread and the sauces (cheese and mustard) were also delicious, and kept eating it throughout the meal.

For main courses, we ordered a mix of small plates/main dishes. The meatball/sausages themselves are standalone, and probably not filling on their own- but pair them with a side and you're getting plenty of food. I had the Yards IPA Spicy Italian sausage, which was tasty, if not a bit boring given the selection (but hey, I enjoyed it). It wasn't very spicy at all, so no worries if you're sensitive. My wife had the Royale with Cheese, which was a well done take on a burger, and quite filling. My father ordered the smoked wild boar ribs, which were fantastic, and melted off the bone (these were advertised as spicy as well, but were totally fine). I can't remember what my mother had, but we shared a series of sides/small plates as well. I remember all of them being good, but the clear standout here was here were the candied sweet potatoes, which were outstanding. Overall, the food was outstanding. 

We had a variety of drinks, and suffice to say if you're a craft beer fan, you're in luck- this goes beyond the big name local breweries and really gets in the weeds (at least it seemed that way to an out of towner). The cocktails also seemed good and those who ordered them were satisfied, though I didn't try one. 

The atmosphere is trendy, but not obnoxious. The staff are quirky, but highly knowledgable, friendly, and extremely helpful. Our waitress was great and made fantastic recommendations throughout the meal. The place is small, so I would highly advise reservations. We went there and it was relatively empty, but this was also 1) a holiday weekend, and 2) when the place was open 6 weeks with a handful of reviews- it seems like its really blowing up (rightfully so). From a price standpoint, its totally reasonable- we spent a good amount of money, but we also ordered a lot of dishes and drinks. 

Overall, this was a great find. We had a fantastic night and between the staff, food, and the atmosphere. From my parents, most of my Philadelphia food experience are old time Italian places buried in between row homes, but I love coming back to find that Philly has places like Butcher Bar coming onto the scene. I would recommend it to anyone looking for good food in a laid back atmosphere, and can't wait to come back.
Four of us headed to Butcher Bar for lunch yesterday - the building is small, but the front windows open and on nice days, like yesterday, they offer outdoor seating (bonus).  Our server was great - he was attentive - our drinks were never empty, but he gave us space to talk business and enjoy our lunch break. 

Drink wise - we didn't get to try any of the cocktails, but they sounded amazing.  I did really like that they brought my co-workers a pitcher of Iced Tea since they both ordered it.  It's a nice touch. 

Food - Yum.  We ordered the wedge and the sloppy joe poutine to start.  It was more than enough for four people to share.  We also ordered four sandwiches to divide and conquer.  
- Cheeseburger: great grilled taste, looked like an In and Out Burger and with the highest compliments, almost tasted like one, too. 
- Chicken Sandwich: a bit greasy - not as spicy as one would imagine, but the slaw was a nice touch.  
- Meatball hoagie:Pretty delicious -- the meatball had great flavor, my co-workers really liked it, I thought it was good. 
- Italian IPA Sausage: Took awhile to come out, but our server made note of this and explained the delay - it was SPICY!  I didn't expect it to be as spicy as it was.  I enjoyed the kick, but was also STUFFED at this point. 

We also ordered a side of fries - they were small for the price, but delicious.  

All in all, a nice stop for lunch.  I loved that the bill came rolled up in a wooden block that had a slot for a credit card and two holes for rolled up papers.  And I cannot say enough great things about our server - he was GREAT!!
We really enjoyed the food, but the service left much to be desired. Once someone who worked at the place sat down next to us to dine our server forgot we existed. One of our entrees came out and my boyfriend (who's birthday it was) went to the bathroom, asked about his entree, and waited another 5-6 minutes (15-17 total) before his entree showed up (at the table next to ours, which we had to correct). When he asked about his entree, the server said they cook to order and they come out as they are ready, which is fine, if she said that at the beginning and set expectations, rather than using it as an excuse for entrees being served 15 some minutes apart. And even so, the timing should be better than that. If I hadn't waited I would have ate my entree by myself before my boyfriends showed up. 

We also noticed the table next to ours got comment cards. I guess if you complain or voice a concern, they don't want your comments. 

Final straw was when the server slammed the block they put checks in on the table and turned to the coworker's table without a "have a good night" or "thanks for coming in." Great final impression to leave right before I'm supposed to give you a tip.
this is a place i really wanted to love.. i was super looking forward to checking it out after all the hype and glowing reviews.

my gf and i stopped by here on friday after work hoping to try out their HH.  we were slightly disappointed to find that it was not something they offer at this time.  NBD we were really intrigued by the menu anyway and wouldn't mind grabbing an early dinner.  first, the place was PACKED when we arrived a quarter before 6.  there were couples already waiting by the hostess stand at the entrance.  we managed to grab seats by the bar ledge.  it took a while to get some service though.  when we finally got someone's attention, we quickly ordered what caught our eyes: the brussels sprouts with cauliflower, signature corn bread, "hipster" meatballs and the smoked ribs.

luckily, food came out pretty quickly~  the roasted brussels sprouts and cauliflowers were tasty like a roasted medley.  the corn bread was next which was a very generous loaf for a side dish! i'm not huge on corn bread but this was definitely a nice hearty side with a sweet finish to go with the meal.  the skillet of meatballs came out~ smaller than i expected and only a plate of 3.  the best way to describe them is like an egg parm ball. lol very yummy but hardly reminded me of a meatball besides the shape.  lastly, we got the pork ribs with peach chipotle sauce.  very interesting indeed.  the meat was definitely smokey! but the sauce didn't really sip into the meat.  personally, i thought the meat was a bit dry.  they came off the bone easily but the meat itself lacked flavor.  i wouldn't really call it juicy.  it was alrite imo.  but who am i to say? i'm not a bbq expert lol.

overall, it was an ok experience.  it wasn't blown away by the food and certainly wasn't a value meal.  i was disappointed since there was so much hype.  i might return eventually to try their cocktails, but for now, it is not my preferred destination to unwind after work.  try it if it interests you but not worth going out of your way for it.
I'd probably give 3.5 for food quality if it were possible but the hostess staff all three times we've been in just really sours me. Also the bartenders two of the three times seemed disinterest and slightly annoyed as well. The first time we went for just drinks was ok but the beer seemed heavy on IPAs so if you don't like that there wasn't much else. 

Also I tried to make reservations three weeks ahead for a party of 8 and I got just nuthin' but attitude. It was a Monday night reservation so not like I was taking tables on a weekend. Whatever I guess but it really annoyed me how it was treated like such a hassle. We ended up canceling the week before because of the attitude we got when they called to confirm. A small group of us went recently. 

Some of the menu items are fabulous. Eggplant meatballs, Brussel sprouts, pretzel bread, ribs, for sure. Wings. Warm skillet cookie. 

Super disappointed in mashed potatoes (watery and unsalted), Italian meatballs nothing special, my friend liked the sausage but I didn't. I wasn't crazy about mac and cheese either. 

Drinks are expensive and the waiter pushed us into ordering far too many dishes. We had excessive leftovers and a huge bill.
I took a client here for lunch and was not disappointed. The service is good, they did forget one appetizer that was ordered but rushed it out once they realized the mistake.

The food is truly excellent, the only issue I see is that the menu is limited.  I have no problem with a short menu at a restaurant that is truly focused on delivering a particular experience, but I think maybe two or three more options and this place will be on point.
The cheese plate was good and so was the pretzel bite but that's where it ends for me. My German sausage was lacking in creativity and heat (it was served cold) and was lacking in flavor and presentation. My dining partner also experienced food that was served cold. The back server didn't even know what our dishes were called and trusted us to tell him which was which. I've been here before, but I don't think I'll be here again.
Had an AMAZING dinner here for my boyfriend's birthday with my parents. We arrived on time for our reservation and were seated immediately. Loved the decor and atmosphere. It was a rainy Friday night and this place was PACKED. I was expecting it to be unbearably loud from reviews, but it was not that bad. We were seated in the room in the back, before the patio-ish area. We loved our server and experienced quick, attentive service with her. Everyone loved their drinks. I tried the "Westside of Broad" ($13), AND THEN I TRIED IT AGAIN. If there's something with jalapeño on the cocktail menu I get it. Otherwise, I only occasionally order a cocktail, and almost never order a second, but this was SO good I had to. I loved it. It was definitely strong but the alcohol was not overpowering. Get this drink! Food-wise we split a bunch of things which I'll talk about below!

House Applewood Smoked Slab of Bacon ($9) - Very good, amazing flavor. Crispy and juicy. Super thick, large portion. I was worried about the size, but we split between 4 people and each got a good amount.

The Butcher Wedge ($10) - A very solid, tasty wedge salad! Great compliment to any meat-heavy meal.

Roasted Cauliflower & Brussels Sprouts ($11) - UNBELIEVABLY GOOD. These are not overhyped whatsoever. The flavor is so well-balanced. Get this dish, I cannot stress it enough.

Black Truffle Boudin Blanc ($12) - This had very good flavor, but was served lukewarm so we did not enjoy it as much as we could have.

Smoked Gouda Mac N Cheese ($8) - So good. Nice and cheesy. Loved the rigatoni noodles, they were perfectly cooked. Good portion for $8. 

Grilled Octopus Confit ($19) - Probably the best octopus dish I've ever had. Very tender octopus. Amazing combination of flavor, well-priced at $19. 

Smoked Wild Boar Ribs ($29) - I'm sad to say that these left us a little disappointed. They were good, but not amazing. They were tender, just not enough smoke. Not a big hit among any of us, and with all the other amazing things we ordered, I don't think we finished them. The cornbread was nothing special. 

We ordered the Nutella Filled Chocolate Chip Skillet Cookie complete with a scoop of ice cream and a candle for the birthday boy. It was good, but I do think it's overhyped. I would probably pass on it next time.

Takeaways- I could ABSOLUTELY not return here without ordering the Westside of Broad cocktail and the Roasted Cauliflower and Brussels Sprouts. That being said, the Slab of Bacon, Grilled Octopus Confit, and Mac N Cheese, were also standouts that I would likely order on my next trip. I wouldn't order the sausage or ribs again, they were both good, but I'd rather try some of the other offerings. I think I'll definitely try one of the house pastas next, they're priced very well, appear to be decently sized portions, and are raved about by other yelpers. If anyone has a recommendation as far as something meaty on the menu goes, please reach out so I know what to try next. Again, we had a FANTASTIC experience, so we will definitely be back!
Spent the first 5 minutes of my meal taking photos of the decor. Arrived at 5 thinking they offered a happy hour menu but turns out only drinks are discounted, not food. That was a bit of the bummer but the food itself was delicious enough to make up for it. We ordered the chicken drumsticks, the cauliflower, and the sloppy joe poutine. The poutine was sub-par in my opinion, but the cauliflower/brussel sprouts were crunchy, tender and delicious! Love the outdoor seating in the back and will definitely be back for the trough one day!
House made specialty cocktails and delicious meat. Known for their manhattans and old fashioneds, Butcher Bar also has an extensive list of beer and wine. Half the menu is tapas sized dishes, and half is entree style - so mix and match and enjoy. Don't sleep on the Wild Boar Ribs - they are delicious and fall off the bone. The pictures don't do it justice at all.  Outdoor, indoor, and bar seating is available. Must order ahead of time to reserve "The Trough" ($300 worth of pita, fries, sausage, chickens, ribs fit for a feast).
yes, yes & more yes. I had high hopes for this place after friends gave it raving reviews and I was not disappointed!! my group of 4 got seated upstairs by the window which is, in my opinion, the ideal location to sit in this place. it was a little loud upstairs but there was a very large group next to us so it was to be expected. 

we got: 
-pretzel monkey bread: very tasty. I wish it was a little more pretzel-y and pulled apart easier. 4/5 stars.

-beef jerky: wow, the flavors are AMAZING. definitely overpriced ($10) for what you get (very small) but it was SO good. 5/5 stars.

-slab of bacon: although the title says bacon this is actually a thin slice of pork belly which was delicious but I wasn't blown away. 4/5 stars.

-cauliflower & Brussels sprouts: we got this after our waitress recommended it to us and holy cow, this was probably my favorite dish of the night, mostly because it was so unexpectedly amazing. GET THIS. 5/5 stars.

-seafood sausage: this was definitely interesting as you don't typically find seafood in sausage but it was delicious. 4/5 stars.

-IPA italian sausage: what more is there to say- Italian sausage + onions & peppers +beer, amazing. 5/5 stars.

-greek meatballs: these were good but I felt like the meatball itself wasn't flavorful so much as the toppings were... if the meatball had its own flavor I think the toppings overpowered it. 3/5 stars.

-mac n chese: another out of the PARK dish. this mac is soooo creamy and delicious. I'd recommend sharing because it is HEAVY and very rich. you only need a couple bites although you will definitely want more. an easy 5/5 stars. 

-nutella chocolate chip cookie: enough said. 5/5 stars.

as far as drinks go, everyone liked their drinks. the boys in the group got manhattans and old fashions, nothing off the cocktail menu, but enjoyed them. I got the win-win and it was AWESOME. gin + pineapple ipa + other goodness = perfection, not too sweet, not too sour.

definitely go here. I'm already looking forward to going back and trying the trough!!
Used to be one of my favorite places in Philly: I loved their lunch menu and came here often for dinners or drinks. Until today. It was the worst customer experience I've had in the US as a Russian to date. Nothing will possibly beat it. 

I came here for lunch and wanted to order wine with my favorite ribs, when the bartender asked me for my ID. I showed my international driving license (I'm Russian) which always works at Philadelphia restaurants. I take my passport to clubs but for lunch, come on? The bartender told me she would ask the manager it they could accept it. Full disclosure: I'm 28 but I do look a lot younger.

The manager showed up and was extremely rude and unfriendly. She just snapped at me in front of other clients "yeah we can't accept that", making me feel awkward: people turned heads as if I'm a fraud. I told her that I can show her a copy of my passport but she refused and just walked away! I expected her to offer a solution like "let us get you a non-alcoholic beverage of your choice" or just be friendly but oh no. I was so shocked that I left (people were staring at me, thanks to her) and she watched me leave without a word! The worst is yet to come.

Since I live close by, I took my passport, came back and asked to see the manager again. I showed her my passport and said "here is my passport, but I'm never coming back because..."

She did not let me finish my sentence, rolled her eyes, said OK, turned HER BACK on me and stormed in the opposite direction! I could not believe my eyes. Who does that to a client?? Just cut off someone mid-sentence and turn your back on them??

This is the rudest person I've ever met in the States and she should not be working in hospitality and restaurants. Maybe it's my Russian passport but this is rude, unprofessional and obnoxious. I'm not coming back and neither are my friends.
Ambiance of the place was nice.  Lovely environment and busy.  

Drinks - cocktails were good.  Got an old fashioned which was one of the better ones I've had in philly.

Food - meatballs were all good.  The ribeye however tasted like an average ribeye.  Kind of tough for a ribeye, didn't feel like a prime cut
This was a great find, as recommended from fellow Yelpers. Their drink menu is extensive, but their inventive food runs this place. First, our server, Rye, was fantastic. He was attentive and took the time to explain the menu. We opted to order a bunch of small plates vs entrees. Order the pretzel monkey bread (you will not be disappointed with that beer cheese). We also had the Italian and Hipster meatballs and a salad. The winners were the Sour Cream and Onion Chicken Wings (yup!) and the Jalapeño Cornbread.  Only tip, make a reservation! I looked for a reservation 3 days before and the earliest they had was 9pm.
I mean, meatballs and sausages and mac and cheese, oh my!  I had the Italian meatballs which were spicy and savory, poutine, American meatballs drizzled and mushroom gravy, jalapeño cornbread with honey, mac and cheese cooked with sweet potato crust, candied yams, and Nutella chocolate chip cookie warm with vanilla Icecream on top...I'm full, satisfied, and all of that plus two signature cocktails for around $105.  Not bad!  The plates are small and good to share.

Favorite was the corn bread, mac and cheese and cookie.  The cocktail I had was gin based and mixed to perfection.  Cute place, tons of seating, outdoor seating, second floor.  Great with friends or date.

This place should be in New York.
After a day on the town in Philly, I stopped into Butcher Bar with my traveling companions for some drinks and light eats. I loved the vibe of the restaurant with an upstairs dining nook that's cozy and quaint. Our waitress was very familiar with the menu and gave us an in depth tour of our options which was phenomenal. We went for some of their rotating seasonal beverages, a butcher board, and the lamb meatballs. Everything was absolutely delicious! After several drinks and finishing up our eats, we went for the warm Nutella cookie with ice cream which was to die for! 

Can't go back and enjoy the many mouth watering dinner menu options!
Ok so this review is going to be in multiple stages as I do not have the time currently to review everything amazing about Butcher Bar. 

Let me start phase one with what I have ordered to date:(Don't judge)
Housemade Beef Jerky
Pretzel Monkey Bread
House Smoked Bacon
Chicken Chicharron
Butcher Board
Butcher Wedge
Sour Cream fried chicken wings
The American
The Italian
The Hipster
Seafood Sausage
Butcher Grinder
Jalapeño cornbread 
Baked Beans
House Cut Fries
Buttery Mashed Potatoes 
Smoked Gouda Mac and cheese
Smoked Wild Boar Ribs
Whole fish 
Bone In Ribeye (twice)
Cheesecake
Movie theater popcorn ice cream 
Cookie dough ice cream
Meyer lemon and blueberry cheesecake
Bacon cheddar brat
Chicken liver mousse 
Roast cauliflower steak
House Pasta
Garlic Bread
Turducken sausage
Rotisserie game hen

So yeah, until next time...
Holy Smokes!!! I just went back and I didn't think I could get more blown away, but I did. 

It was my BFF's birthday and I had to drag him here because I knew, he would just enjoy the meal. I'm not gonna make this long because it's really just an update... but if anyone is reading this review and can see my pics... Please, Please, Please look at that amazing charcuterie board!!!

I really don't know what to say or how to explain it... Let me see, MASSIVE, EXQUISITE, AMAZING, MAGNIFICENT or in this case MAGNIFIQUE!!! All of the above... Just really good eats on this board... We never ran out of anything and when the baguette got low, they brought out more... Plus, they treated my bestie to a free dessert, which set the mood as I serenaded him with Happy Birthday!!! If I could give 10 stars, I would.. Oh, and they didn't kick us out, at the end of the night... They let us stay and finish our meal, even tho they had closed... 

I just luv this place... And they are related to Vallani's and Mercato... These owners are just getting it right and the staff at all the restaurants are just amazing.. I salute this family for making me remember, why I luv a good meal in Philadelphia!!! Bravo!!!
We sat at the bar and had yummy drinks and ate the chocolate chip cookie skillet. Yum! Highly recommend!  The bar was a fun spot with a good hip vibe. The bartenders were attentive, skilled and fun to watch as they shook up drinks. The crowd was mixed with young and old, hipster and posh and a bit of a college crowd. A bachelorette party came in but didn't stay too long and were not too rowdy. Good hang.
Came here for happy hour with a small group of people and luckily was able to grab an open section at the bar without a reservation! 

The menu is rather meat heavy, so there are limited options for vegetarians, but if you're a meat lover, I highly recommend the Trough to sample everything. A full sized trough serves 10-12 people and comes with rotisserie chicken, assorted sausages, chef's cut of meat, wild boar ribs, bacon, Korean short ribs, fries, and grilled pita. Note that it requires advanced notice. Our group got the mini trough which is only available at the bar and feeds around 6 people and it. Was. Amazing. Every single person pulled out their phones to document the experience. 

In terms of the food, everything was great. Standout winners were the bacon (thick juicy slab of it and so fatty - but in a good way), sausages (these are house-made), ribs (literally fell off the bone) and the chicken (incredibly juicy). The fries were also pretty darn tasty. 

Butcher bar knows their way around a butcher block.
We passed by Butcher Bar a few times and always thought it looked fun. Finally decided to stop by and it did not disappoint. We sampled the sloppy joe poutine, chicken chicharron, gouda mac n cheese, and Italian meatballs. All were delicious, especially the gouda mac n cheese and chicharron, however the portions are on the small side. We shared the Nutella filled skillet chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream on top which was phenomenal. Will be back for snacks and drinks.
WOW!!! Butcher Bar BLEW ME AWAY! I had the most wonderful experience here last month on a Friday night. I will definitely be back many times to come! If I could give it 10 stars I would. We were seated upstairs where it was quieter and more intimate. Nice decor and clean too.

First of all, our server Sarah was PHENOMENAL! She was extremely knowledgeable about the drinks, food, and everything else. She recommended a fabulous cocktail for me (the Afterglow) based on what drinks and alcohols I told her I liked.  I myself am a bartender and I have never had a better drink. Tart, but a little sweet, with a nice lemon flavor. She was very friendly and made us feel like close friends.

Our group of three ordered the Sour Cream and Onion chicken wings. They were crunchy, flavorful, and went fast! I ordered one of the delectable specials of the night: NY Strip steak with spinach, a mushroom reduction sauce, and mashed potatoes. Yum yum yum! It was full of flavor and very filling. My friends ordered the Italian meatballs and the Wild Smoked Boar ribs. Both were delicious according to my friends with hearty portions. I tried the cornbread that came with the ribs and my taste buds are still singing! 

For dessert we ordered their cast iron skillet chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. It was warm and tasted like grandma's house.

Overall, I had an incredible experience. The service, food, drinks, and atmosphere were all top notch. We made friends with our fellow diners and had a very warm experience unlike any I've had before. 

Do not miss this amazing new restaurant, Philadelphia! Butcher Bar, I will be back soon!
This was a visit to a client that included a dinner out. This was our second stop and we loved it!

Wet started with a meat tray, that was great for our table. It had meats, cheeses, nuts and dried fruits. It was very good and everyone had favorites forum the tasty. We also ordered the Brussel Sprouts and Cauliflower, which was also excellent, especially the Sprouts. Fora drink I had a Yards Pale Ale - loved it. I also had a Tired Hands HopHands and really liked it.

For dinner multiple people offered the Peanut Butter Bison Burger. It was excellent and I would order it again. Overall, I loved the entire meal.
Stopped here for an evening with the ladies last night and we had an incredible experience. Tried the pineapple cider here which was good (it's not Ace but still nice) and no other comments on the drinks in this review except the customer beside us ordered a Moscow mule & sassily insisted that he was served what tasted like a margarita instead with zero flavor of ginger coming through. Yikes?!

But anyways, I still give this place 5 stars because it boasts one of the best cheese & meat plates I've ever had in a clean, modern rustic, and just charming atmosphere. $32 for a seriously generous portion of food! They don't skimp you out on portion size just because it's high quality and that is a big deal for me, a broke af recent college grad. The plate comes with 3 cheeses & meats, two jams (fig & blueberry), honey, grapes, apples, strawberries/blueberries, crushed nuts, some pickled veggies, sliced baguette lightly drizzled with herbed olive oil, and dark chocolate nibs. Probably forgetting something else because this board was just decadent. You've got everything you could want in a board here - a smorgasbord of textures and flavors. One caveat though: no olives, if that means anything to you. I don't care much for olives so I happily accepted this.

We also ordered the Brussel sprouts/Cauliflower dish at my healthy friend's request and even I enjoyed it, as much as I hate ordering vegetables when eating out. Veggies were so crisp I momentarily forgot I was ingesting veggies and thought these were chips, and when is that not a good thing? 

Enough reading - make your reservation here today!! I'm leaving Philly at this moment and know this place will be dearly missed.
FYI: They have way more seating than what their store front gives off

WHAT I GOT: Peanut Butter Bacon Bison Burger

PROS: The flavor of the burger was pretty solid, and I loved the uniqueness of the burger. Never have I ever thought about combining that kind of protein with peanut butter but it worked so well. The fries that came with the dish were also pretty good in terms of flavor and texture. The sauce that came with the fries was absolutely phenomenal though. Not sure if you're suppose to eat it with the burger and/or the fries but I just dipped the fries in and it changed the entire game for me.

CONS: So...if you don't really like the taste of peanut butter, or you just want like a hint of the flavor, definitely do not get this dish. Honestly, it's a good thing I love the flavor of peanut butter cause that's seriously all I could taste. It calms down a bit once you get to the end of the burger but the first couple of bites were pretty overwhelming. Also, the menu options were definitely lacking if you're looking for like a meal meal and not a bunch of happy hour like small dishes. If you're looking for like tapas style, small bites then this is definitely the place for you.
The atmosphere, menu, and food - they were all amazing. There's lots of seating, mood lighting, and trendy, sleek décor that any modern hipster would love to Instagram. 

The service and policies here though? Completely lacking. I sauntered in after work and upon noticing the front bar was full, asked for table for my friend and I. We were led to the "outdoor" seating area, which I would have never known was considered outdoors due to coverage overhead and well-functioning space heaters. It was in this space that we noticed a second bar area. Odd it was never mentioned or advertised. 

We were sat at a table situated 3 feet from the bar, and the only ones sitting in the "waiter service" area.
 Upon our servers arrival, my first question was "do you offer any happy hour specials?" He gazed towards the bar then back to me, stating assuredly that they did not offer happy hour specials. No worries. 

But wait! As he disappears, I overhear the bartender stating that happy hour goes until 6. Being 5:40, I thought it odd that the server didn't mention this. I got up, went to the bar, and again asked about happy hour. The bartender hesitated, but admitted that there is a happy hour but only at the bar. I mentioned we were seated literally 3 feet from the bar, and asked if I could purchase a drink to take back to my table. She said no, because that would be taking, potentially, from the waiter's tip. Uhm. Weird. I then mentioned that moving to the bar completely would take away any tips he might be receiving from me. Odd. The whole thing was odd. Even a guy at the bar, witnessing the interaction, was like "dude, just let her buy a drink, I don't get it."

THEN. THEN. In comes a group of three, and the waitress kindly accommodates them, making room for the three people but never offering the same to my friend and I sitting two feet away, asking about happy hour. She then flagged the manager - who again explains that I can't buy a drink at the bar and take it to the table, so my only option is to pay $4 more for the beer that my peers sitting two feet higher at a bar 3 feet away. Out of principal, I just ordered my food, sipped my free water, GENEROUSLY TIPPED THE WAITER (who wasn't great), and left. 

I'm a kind, laidback customer. In fact, this was my first ever interaction with any sort of management in any establishment, because I'm typically not a complainer. But honestly? That's the dumbest policy I've ever heard. The communication was hugely lacking. The right answer when I asked the waiter about happy hour would have been "Yes we DO have happy hour, but only at bar" instead of lying (badly) to my face. The hostesses could have mentioned happy hour and the back as well and avoided this whole thing. Additionally, had ANYONE in this place been friendly, I would have tipped them ALL generously. 

By opening up happy hour specials to the whole place, they could only stand to earn MORE money. Either open it to everyone or no one. I don't get it. It's a shame I had this experience because I've been eyeing this joint for a while. The food was good, but service is important when I'm shelling out money. I felt uncomfortable here, and I won't be back.
I am very thankful to have friends who love meat as much as I do. We decided on making a reservation for The Trough, which you have to order in advance and put a deposit down of around $150. Our server came in with high energy and as she knew we were the there to get down to meat eating business. She suggested that we order a couple of sides for the table and decided on the roasted brussels sprouts and cauliflower and jalapeno cornbread and my, oh my, they were both DELICIOUS! I honestly would have been ok without the meat and just had 8 lbs of that. Just kidding, but seriously, order them.

Now the meat! Our server told us that we only had one rule when The Trough arrives: be prepared to remove the plates from the table to make room for the meats. Once it arrives everyone's eyes in the room were fixated on this behemoth. It's truly an eye catching dish! in front of us was rotisserie chicken, kebabs, sausages, grilled skirt steak, a rack of ribs, thick cut bacon, kalbi short ribs with grilled pita and fries surrounding it. There was also a side of gravy that came with the chicken. It was totally underrated and tasted so amazing when you'd dip pita bread it in. It sounds gross, but trust me, it's pretty good and makes the pita bread easier to eat with all the bread. The skirt steak seemed to be the favorite and the chimichurri all over it was super tasty. The rack of ribs was so tender and the meat glided off of the bone. The thick cut bacon, I wasn't too crazy about. Same with the sausages. Really, really loved everything else. My party of 7 was extremely close to finishing, so it's definitely do-able and I would say half of the group aren't exactly "big eaters". The service was great. The decor is awesome and they even have a back patio section.

I insisted on ordering the nutella stuffed chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream, served in a cast iron skillet. Don't boo me, but I felt like the other yelpers overhyped it. I was a bit underwhelmed. Maybe it's because I love my chocolate chip cookies on the extra, extra, extra soft side and it wasn't warm either. It was good, though my friend who I split it with thought it was OH BABY good. Would love to come here to try their brunch version of the trough or even their 50 oz Tomahawk steak, with help of course.
We had the best waitress EVER at Butcher Bar. Instead of spending this review raving about the food, which could go on and on and on and on.... I wanted to highlight 3 prime examples of customer service exhibited by our waitress, Sam. She was an expert on the menu. Recalled all drafts and specials and relayed them all based on our interests. She asked our food and drink preferences and allergies and made recommendations. The descriptions were very thorough and helpful.

Next, when a drink came out that I did not enjoy, Sam noticed that I was not loving it. I hated to complain (especially after she was so thorough with recommendations) but she swooped in asked if she could bring me a drink "off the menu" that she thought I would enjoy. She was right, it aligned perfectly with my taste! 

At dinner, we were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday. Unfortunately, his meal was a few minutes behind the rest of our meals. Not a hugely significant amount of time, but the kitchen felt badly about it. They brought him out another drink (on the house) to make it right, which I thought was very kind.

Finally, to continue the celebration into dessert, my mom had baked a birthday carrot cake and brought it because my boyfriend is allergic to dairy and can rarely eat dessert in restaurants. Sam came over and asked us if she could decorate/garnish the cake to make it special (with all dairy free accoutrements, of course). We said yes, and she delivered the cake with a dusting of powdered coco, and brandy soaked cherries. It was pretty and incredibly sweet. 

Again, the food was great, but the service was better. I would return and have to request Sam as our waitress again!!
Yes to this new local gastropub! Amazingly crafted cocktails + meaty comfort foods in a modern setting made for the perfect weekday unwind.  

I'm loving the rustic decor and the laid-back ambiance of the place. 

I expected the menu to be filled with meat, but it consisted of an array of oven-baked root vegetables, meatballs (loved the Italian), cheese/meat boards, and main entrees. My friend and I decided to live a little (or a lot) and shared the butcher board (cheeses, cured meats, vegetables, and preserved fruits), which was ambitious for two people but we tackled it like champs. Good life decision. 

Must tries: roasted cauliflower (A+ brussel sprouts!), Italian meatballs, and any cocktail

Love this new addition to Center City!
This was the first restaurant that we went to in Philadelphia. We got there 40 minutes before closing, and you can tell that they were getting ready to close. I was able to order the garlic bread and mac & cheese. The garlic bread was delicious. It was hot and crispy, and it had a different flavor to it. 
The mac & cheese was excellent. It had Gouda, and the best part was the topping had sweet potato crumbs on top. He gave it a whole new type of flavor. The thing that completed the mac & cheese was I was able to get some of the sausages from my sister's meal, and it gave it a sweet and salty taste. 
Overall the experience was pretty good. The only reason I'm giving it four stars was because the service wasn't the best. You can honestly tell that they were getting ready to close and the whole thing experience was kind of rushed.
Butcher bar is great - always a happening place!

The chicken meatballs are so delicious - very flavorful - great with their monkey bread! However, make sure the money bread is still warm. If it gets cold, it's not that great anymore.

Their Mac and cheese is very cheesyyy and very good.

The veggie meatball was just okay - If you eat meat, don't bother with a veggie meatball :) 

Their chicken entree is a very large portion - unless you're very hungry, share!
I give Butcher Bar a solid five stars. I am actually trying to think of a reason to give less than five - I really like to reserve this rating for only the Creme de la creme - and I can't come up with anything. 

Came for lunch on a Tuesday during the Christmas holiday week with girlfriends. I had a reservation but it really wasn't needed - there were plenty of open tables, but it was by no means dead either. Our waiter was superb - attentive, entertaining, and very willing to do whatever was needed to make our experience a positive one. (Thank you for splitting the check four ways at the end, kind sir)

I ordered the butcher's knife as my poison of choice and it was delicious: whiskey + vanilla + cherry = perfection. The rest of the table opted for either the afterglow (very citrus-y) or the el presidente (sweet and mild). 

We shared the sloppy Joe poutine, roasted cauliflower & Brussels sprouts and sweet potato fries. The winner of the trio was definitely the cauliflower and Brussels sprouts - I don't know what witchcraft they do to them, but they were probably the best I've had...ever. Order them. 

For my main I ordered the lamb meatball gyro, it was also absolutely delicious. The pita was fluffy, the lamb portion was generous, and the tzatziki was just right. My only caveat was that it was messy to eat and I ended up using my knife and fork. I would order it again, but there were so many other fun offerings on the menu that I still want to try...guess I just need to go back soon!
Food here is more to share - not really any sigle entrées to eat on your own. 

In terms of taste I'd probably rate four stars but because the food we ordered was drenched in grease, I bumped it down a star. My friend and I got the chicken chicharrone, Poutine, and roasted cauliflower and Brussels sprouts with their cookie in a skillet for dessert. 

Let me warn you ahead of time - the chicharrone is loaded with oil...every bite has juices running down your throats and it's a very unpleasant feeling. The waitress suggested that we wait until it cooled down to taste but then it was just cold juices running down our throats...my friend and I could not finish it. Plus 7 dollars for like four pieces of chicken skin?? Not worth it. 

The Poutine and cauliflower with brussels were much better in terms of taste and texture - however I feel that they definitely skimped on the brussels sprouts - there were like two sprouts...and the rest were just sad little leaves which made me really sad because I love Brussels sprouts. The Poutine was quite nice - fries still had a crisp to eat even after being loaded with cheese, onion, and ground beef although again, super greasy.

This is just personal preference but I wish the cookie had been chewier and softer - I suppose because of the way it's baked on a skillet, it has much more crunch and crisp so if you like your cookies that way, this would be great for you. I did like the ice cream on top but the chocolate chips sprinkled on top was a bit excessive to me.

In summary - give this a try if you do not give a crap about clogging your arteries because it is honestly a nice place to indulge and the menu is quite interesting...but if you're looking for a good meal that will leave you feeling satisfied and not like you're going to succumb to a heart attack in the next ten hours, you should probably go somewhere else.
Hands down my favorite place to have a beer in the neighborhood.  The food is excellent as well, however I typically head over to enjoy the atmosphere and sit at the bar.

Originally from Austin, this place reminds me of Lamberts (in Austin) but with slightly different cuisine.  The restaurant itself is beautiful no matter where seated and there is always a positive and festive atmosphere.  I imagine that the management here treats their employees well because the bartenders and wait staff smile, keep the bar clean and are very attentive.

The monkey bread is a great appetizer and I typically order sausage or meatballs...both excellent as well. I have yet to try the desert, however it looks excellent.  Love this place!
I have to say this has been one of my best dining experiences in Philly to date. This place is awesome, top to bottom! The place makes a great first impression, with a welcoming atmosphere and cool design. I made a reservation a few days in advance to make sure we could get in for dinner on Friday night, and they honored my request to sit upstairs by the windows.
I knew it was going to be a great experience as soon as we sat down. A waitress was at our table within moments to pour some water, and we ordered right away. She was so friendly and polite, and made us feel welcome. I also noticed the manager circulating to all the tables to make sure things came out alright, which is such a nice gesture and not often seen. 
Now for the food! I loved everything we tried. If you're in to charcuterie, you cannot pass up the Butcher Board! I really liked that the board came with tons of fruit, like blueberries and strawberries, and offered a lot of diverse flavors. Very unique and unlike any meat/cheese board I've had!
This place would be great for groups, as it is mostly tapas style with few entrees. There were two of us so we shared everything and got a good sampling of the menu. The Confit Duck Wings were a total standout to me, and are served with a delicious sweet and savory glaze. For the price, you get a sizable portion of wings! The Hipster Meatballs have my support, and that's coming from someone who grew up on an Italian grandmother's meatballs so I have high standards! Great red sauce with a nice kick, and the meat was so tender. 
My partner tried the Yards Spicy Italian Sausage and loved it. It was perfectly cooked, not dry or crumbly, and served with a ton of grilled onions and peppers. I also tried the roasted spring beets and found them pretty intriguing. They're very tart, but the burrata helps to balance out the flavor. Next time, I'll go for the brussel sprouts! 

Whatever you do, SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERT! You absolutely cannot pass up one of the best and simplest desserts out there. The nutella-filled chocolate chip skillet cookie will warm your soul and complete the meal perfectly.  Truly an exceptional experience overall!
This review comes after visiting Butcher Bar twice.  Me and the missus visited Butcher Bar a few months ago when we were looking to grab a bite before heading to a comedy show.  That first experience was great all around: food, drinks, and service.  We couldn't wait to return so we made our way back downtown on a nice Sunday afternoon for our second visit.  We lucked up and found a parking spot across the street from the restaurant.  We observed that Butcher Bar offered curbside seating but we opted to sit inside.  We were seated at a nice table for two on the second level.  I didn't realize how beautiful the outside courtyard is until we finished our meal.  I will ask to sit there next visit.  Butcher Bar has a bar located at the front of the venue and a second is located in the courtyard.  The glass enclosed kitchen allows patrons to get a look at the chefs and the delicious food being prepared.  Shortly after being seated our waiter came to the table with water.  He told us about the specials and took our drink order.  I opted for the Citywide a 1 oz. shot of house made rock and rye with a can of 2SP Delco Lager.  My lovely dining companion ordered the Peach Blossom which consisted of crystal head vodka, peach liqueur, peach puree, orange juice, and lime juice.  We enjoyed our libations while perusing the menu.  We started with Mexican meatballs as an appetizer. Carne asada, crispy tortilla, guacamole, and pico de gallo.  The meatballs came out and looked amazing. They tasted great and were quickly finished off.  We also had the BOSC PEAR, BABY KALE & QUINOA SALAD.  Made with goat cheese, red onion, candied pecans, spiced cider vinaigrette.  It was yummy also.  It was Sunday and I was tempted to get the prime rib.  I had it on my first visit and it was delicious but I landed on the PEANUT BUTTER BACON BISON BURGER with cheddar cheese, candied bacon, bibb lettuce, tomato, side of house-cut fries.  I don't know who is responsible for this combination but Thank You.  That burger was a great experience.  The delicious bison meat and the candied bacon alongside the peanut butter and side of sweet sauce. Two thumbs up!  The missus ordered the RIGATONI W/ BROCCOLI RABE, ITALIAN SAUSAGE, OLIVE OIL, GARLIC-PARMESAN BROTH.  She enjoyed the dish and allowed me to taste a piece of sausage which was so good. Thank you Butcher Bar for another great dining experience.  We can't wait to come back with friends.
I dont understand the rave reviews. The only thing above average here was the service and nice people working there. 

Ambiance: this is where this restaurant really shines. This place is impressive on the inside, warm, charming, romantic, inviting, and very well done. 

Food: We started with the fried chicken wings. They were certainly good, but I've had better. Somewhat forgettable. Just ordinary breaded wings to me. The sour cream and onion sauce was way too mayo-y to me as well. 

Then, we moved on to share several dinner entree items:
 - Steak and Fries: a very nice quality skirt steak and decent fries. Steak was under-salted and therefore a bit bland but easily remedied. Their signature ketchup was very good too.
 - Octopus: very, very good, tender, and nice flavor kick from the kalamata olives. 
 - Wild Boar Ribs: biggest disappointment. Did not remotely approach your standard baby back ribs flavor, richness, and tenderness. These were somewhat chewy, dry, and the bbq sauce is just all wrong. The jalapeño corn bread was good though. 
 - Hamburger: very good, though relatively small for a double patty burger. Anyhow, clearly one of their fortes. 
 - Mac & Cheese: more like Mac & Cream Sauce. Meh. Was decent, I've had much, much better.
 - Baked Beans: Tasted fresh, firm, and nicely balanced sweet sauce with savory bacon. 
 - Sautéed Greens: I think this had bok choy mostly. It was clearly sautéed in butter and garlic, leaving it tasty if not too greasy from the butter. 
 - Baked Cookie dessert: what a missed opportunity. This could have been the start of the night, instead tasting like a reheated, stale old cookie with the inexcusably tiniest scoop of ice-cream ever.  Should have been more chocolaty, more tender, of ooey gooey goodness!

Summary: 
At the prices they charge, we expected more. Pretty good overall, not good enough at these prices. 

disclaimer: however harsh my review may seem, my main goal is to be completely honest to both the business owner and to fellow Yelper's, as that is what I would want myself. In the end, I wish every restaurant great success! I know its a very tough business!
I've been wanting to go to this place since it opened up and I'm so happy that I finally got an opportunity to check it out for myself! After walking into this place, I completely understand why it's hard to get a table bigger than for 2 people on a random night. The space is really quaint with a huge bar and window seating that takes up most of the first floor. There's an open kitchen that starts at the base of the stairs that leads to some table seating and there's a room on the first floor with more tables as well. Loved the theme that went off of the name, butcher block table tops, butcher tags as the cards for the restaurant, a "now serving" sign at the bar. 

On to the food! We definitely ordered too much food, but I'm really happy that I got to try a bunch of different things. For apps, we got the fried chicken wings and the fried chicken skin... really healthy, we know. BUT they were both delicious and if you were to only get one, I preferred the fried chicken skin to the wings. For entrees, I got the greek meatballs, the jalapeno cornbread, and the gouda mac and cheese. Like I said I ordered too much food, but I was so happy to try all of these things because they were all amazing! My favorite was the gouda mac and cheese. It was very rich and definitely why I had so many left overs, but this was the one things that I really wanted to finish. The crunch and the breadcrumbs on top were perfectly crisp and the flat noodles they uses soaked up the cheese sauce so wonderfully. The flavors in the greek meatball were awesome - love the ground lamb and the brightness of the sauce that went with it. The lamb wasn't at all gamey and tasted great! Lastly, the cornbread was a little dense, but they had crisped up the edges of the bread and it was really delicious. 

Unfortunately, at the end of dinner we were too full for dessert, but we saw all of the cookies waiting to be served and we definitely felt that we had made the wrong decision. Can't wait to go back to this place to try the cookies and more out!
Came here for dinner with a group of co workers. Place is very trending and casual. We came on a weekday so there was no wait for a table. Most of the menu is tapas so we ordered several plates to share:
Sloppy Joe Poutine- this selection was sooo good and a must to try
Homemade Applewood Slab of Bacon- if you have a love for bacon you would like this. Very tasty !
Cheddar croquettes- Good and worth trying but not my fave.
Monkey Bread- this is highly recommend and very good.
Greek meatball- this was like eating a gyro minus the bread. It was sooo good and a must.
Hipster meatballs- also good but the Greek was better. 
Smoked Gouda Mac n Cheese- was ok, lacked flavor. 
Service was good, quick, and friendly.
After hearing so many great things about this restaurant, my husband and I decided to try this place on a snowy evening. We were able to score a reservation just a few hours in advance, probably because of the snow.

We were seated in the upstairs section, which is very cozy and quaint. The atmosphere is definitely more on the trendy side. It was pretty busy, but the service was still great! To start, we ordered a couple of cocktails. I got the punch and my husband ordered the king sling. Both cocktails were refreshing and complimented the food well. 

For our appetizers, we ordered the chicken chicharrones and bacon slab. The chicharrones we're my husband's favorite part of the whole meal - they were crunchy, crispy, and served with an excellent dipping sauce. The bacon was also very flavorful and served with a delectable spicy mustard. 

For our entrees, I decided on the butcher dog and baked beans. My husband ordered the octopus and greens. The baked beans were by far my favorite part of the meal; they weren't too sweet, but also weren't to savory. We both very happy with our meal selections. 

To top off the meal, we had the cast iron chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream. The cookie was baked perfectly - warm and gooey on the inside and crisp on the edges. We'd definitely recommend this restaurant. 

We'd love to come back with a group of people and attempt to tackle "the trough"!
Can you say yum? Butcher bar is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood! We came here around 5:30pm on a weekday with reservations, and we were seated right away. Everything we tasted was spot on and absolutely delicious. We got the following:
- Pretzel monkey bread
- Crispy chicken chicharron (fried chicken skin)
- Roasted cauliflower & brussel sprouts
- Sloppy joe poutine
- the American (turkey meatballs)
- House Cut Fries

And for dessert we shared:
- Nutella cookie with ice cream

I also had: 
- Afterglow
- Butcher bar citywide

While everything was really yummy, I wasn't a fan of the crispy chicken chicharron - but I am not a fan of chicken skin in general (I take them off my fried chicken). My friends who generally like chicken skin loved this though. My favorites were definitely the roasted cauliflower & brussel sprouts and the monkey bread! The sloppy joe poutine was also really delicious, although not really traditional that you can get on the other side of the border (no gravy, no cheese pieces). 

I would highly recommend getting the Butchar bar version of citywide - which is a popular drink special found all over Philly (traditionally a PBR & shot of Jim Beam). The Butch Bar version offers a can of Delco Lager and house rock & rye, which are both so much more delicious and elevates the citywide special to a whole new level. The house rock & rye, which we were told were made in-house specially by the owner (?), was really delicious with hints of clover and cinnamon and basically all the fall yumminess you can think of. 

The place does get a little pricey & I wish that they offered happy hour, but honestly everything was very delicious and elegantly presented, with superb service that I would happily return for another fun occasion!
I'm totally torn between my two visits. Both completely different. So I'll rest on a solid four stars and begin with the positives:

All in all, I love this new addition to my neighborhood. Its fun and modern and begs a second, third, and fourth visit. The first time I was here my boyfriend during opening week and we chose several items from the new menu:  italian meatballs, sloppy joe poutine, jalapeno cornbread side, rigatoni with broccoli rabe & italian sausage and the fried chicken wings. (Ugh, that sounds like we are so fat. Anyway...)
The wings were one of my favorites of the night- but (careful) they were scorching hot.  Was a bit difficult to leave these guys sitting on the table to cool for a bit but once we dug in they were lovely meaty large flavor bombs. A must order for every visit.  Same goes for the poutine- comfort food at its finest.  Fries doused in a meat sauce gravy that required an extra napkin or two and a lot of self control not to eat the entire dish alone. The cornbread was pretty spectacular-  the perfect combo of savory and sweet with an added kick. To me, it was the perfect side compliment to the smorgasbord. The meatballs and rigatoni were both lovely as well but did offer anything out of the ordinary. Nonetheless, still wonderful dishes. Drinks were pricey and not very strong- next time i'll stick with whiskey or beer.

As for our second visit (2 stars)- it was festival season, beers had been consumed and we were craving burgers. "Remember we saw that amazing burger at Butcher Bar?" I said. "Lets get that!"
We head over to the packed joint on a Saturday night hoping for a seat and a burg to fill the void and the Butcher angel lead the way. We snagged a seat at the wall (first come first serve) and ordered our gluttonous entrees. Two burgs, comin right up. Enter disappointment. Don't get me wrong, the burgers WERE tasty- BUT (and this is a big BUT), they were identical to the "Big King" I know you're all terribly familiar with. Umm, yeah. 
If you don't know what the Big King is it's (from online): two beef patties, american cheese, iceberg lettuce, onions,  pickles, and thousand island dressing. Butcher Bar calls theirs the "ROYALE with Cheese." Seriously.  That is funny and for $14.00 you get: (drum roll please) two beef patties, american cheese, iceberg lettuce, onions,  pickles, and special sauce.  I kid you not. The.Same. Seems like this burger was an afterthought addition and in my opinion it cheapens the menu. 

Lesson: Eat everything else on the menu and don't get the burger. Still want the Royale? Go to Burger King and snag one for $4.00.
While doing tons of research about Philly for a weekend girls trip, I found out about The Butcher Bar after seeing a photo of "The Trough." My mouth may or may not have watered at the sight of that beauty (Spoiler alert: my wallet cried b/c of the price. $300, but can you blame them???? Those meats are crazy!) After looking at countless mouthwatering photos of their food, I added it to the itinerary right away! 

My friends and I went on a Saturday evening without a reservation. At the time there weren't any tables so we were told there would be about a 20 minute wait. We gave a phone number and walked around the block. Exactly 20 minutes later, we received a call and were seated right away in their back patio - which I must say is incredibly aesthetically pleasing #InstagramWorthy! Our server Sam came by quickly and was absolutely friendly and patient with explaining the menu to us Philly-foreigners. 

I ordered the Rotisserie Game Hen after much deliberation. And oh my word was that the best chicken I had in my entire existence! (My friend compared it to Spanish-style rotisserie and that kind is the BEST of the best!) It was moist and tender; perfectly seasoned with TLC. The dish includes seasonal veggies so I had Brussels sprouts (and onions, but I hate onions so let's not discuss them). Warning: never had them, never wanted to, they are weird AF. However, I'd love to give a shoutout to Butcher Bar for making me a fan! A FAN OF BRUSSELS SPROUTS?! WHO KNEW! I'm also proud to announce that I definitely finished my entire plate because the food is too good to go to waste!

We ended our amazing dinner with their infamous skillet chocolate chip cookie. As a hardcore sweets addict, I will admit the cookie was missing a little sweet kick. Nonetheless, it was still delicious and a perfect end to the experience! I can't wait to go back to Philly and try the rest of the menu.

100/10 would def recommend
If there was an award for best wait staff then Sam should receive it.
She knows her stuff! 
We had never been to The Butcher Bar before & her recommendations were spot on. She has a complete knowledge of the bar menu & the food menu so when you visit, I hope you have the pleasure of her being your server. Now to the food.... The octopus was grilled to perfection, DIL had "the Hipster"& said it was perfect. I had the linguini with pancetta & the white wine cream sauce is what dreams are made of ( drooling )
Do yourself a favor- make a reservation and try it
Finally made it over to the Butcher Bar in New Year's Day- and all in all, had a great experience!

Atmosphere - great ambiance, cool rustic decor, very on brand with what the restaurant offers. 

Service- superb! Our waitress was super friendly and funny, was happy to recommend drinks and food items for us, and checked on us consistently. 

The drinks- there's an extensive drink list and they have some very cool rotating drafts. Definitely ask what they have on tap before you order your go-to. 

The food- all in all, pretty good. We started with the pretzel monkey bread which was more of a pretzel loaf and was a good size for a shared small appetizer. We also shared the cornbread which was tasty. For dinner, I had the bison burger and substituted my fries for mashed potatoes. The burger is really really good, and it's not massive, and is $23. For dessert, we had the cookie skillet with Nutella which I found underwhelming. It was a decent cookie but it was hard to find any Nutella in there. 

Overall, definitely worth a stop in- really great place!
Butcher bar is a really cool restaurant that's fun to to come for drinks, dinner, or snacks. 

The confit duck wings are fantastic, and the monkey bread or jalapeño corn bread are both a must get with your meal. 
If you are with a group, get the butcher board, it's awesome, and there is something for everyone to nibble on.  Totally worth the price. 

My husband likes any of the rib dishes and the meatballs. I agree with him, those dishes are great, but I also really enjoy the rotisserie chicken. 

If you are with a larger group, the Trough is a fun way to try all the different meats, and some sides.
It feeds up to 8 people and is a cool experience. And, if you have 8 people, there is a ton of food and it's worth the cost.

The bar has some delicious and creative drinks. Bartenders are great and always offer suggestions. 

I've also been for brunch a couple of times. Personally, the brunch dishes are just ok...I much prefer Butcher Bar for dinner or happy hour time with snacks. The last time I was there I had the poached eggs, lump crab and horseradish cream...it was fine, but not my favorite. Another time I had the French toast sticks, and they just weren't consistent. Some were over done and some were underdone, so again...not my favorites. However, I usually order the BLT to-go for my husband (when he can't come or I'm here with the girls) and he enjoys it. 

Service is usually great, love the outdoor space, and good quality food.
I'm in a Food Tour of philly hitting a bunch of spots. 

My GF & I had the pleasure of dining at the Butcher Bar. I was browsing yelp, it was close to the hotel & had "Royale with cheese" in the menu. So my inner Jules Winfield was intrigued.

We set out Sunday evening for dinner. We arrived about 15 min before our reservation and we were seated immediately. 

Our server asked if it was our first time & then ran down the whole menu for us. Lots of great options for food & drink.

We ordered :

I had a Boston lager & a Manhattan- classic Manhattan only thing missing was the cherry. 

My GF- GM chilled & The Rum Ocho- very good! 

Duck wings- amazing, the sauce for the wings was great, the duck was juicy and flavorful.

Mac & cheese- it came in a mini cast iron pan and was cheesy and Tasty.

Royale with cheese- one of the best burgers I've ever had. The burger sauce was great.

Sweet potatoes- the sweet potatoes were tasty and 
Flavorful.

Our server was helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. We had a great meal, we were full & will definitely return next time we are in town. 

My next visit I hope to come with friends and get "The Trough" IT MUST BE DONE.

I would highly recommend Butcher Bar for food, cocktails and a cool atmosphere in Philly.
Went in for lunch, got the duck wings (9/10) sauce was really saucy and good a lot of flavor, duck was flavorful and was fried well. 

Got the Steak, aaaand the problems began. For a $31 steak it was not cooked to order. When it arrived it looked very nice and aesthetically pleasing but the steak was un evenly re-heated. room temp in some places and warm/hot in others. When I told the waiter this they just reheated it under a lamp or something... and the medium rare became over cook.... at that point I just ate it and the sauce from the duck. 
Taste like Chinese food when you have like beef and broccoli, which wasn't actually bad but it was still not really evenly heated..... if you over cook it might as well over cook it all?...

The service was good, our waiter was real nice and personable. 

Sat outside in the summer which is also nice. 

TL:DR if you messed up a $31 lunch steak, you should just re make me one, not re heat it un evenly and over cook it.
Great steakhouse without the boners in suits. 
Duck wings A+
Smoked slab A+ 
Ribeye A+
Butcher Bar... I was here several months ago for a lunch so early that I think me and my guest were the only people in the place. Right off the rip I'll say we didn't have "the cookie" as we were just too full. So what did we have?

The game hen, the fried chicken chicharrones w/ aioli, the Italian meatballs, baked beans, and fries if I remember correctly, and many... plenty of little coffee cups. I had the menus mixed up because at the time they were only offering a meatball sandwich for lunch as opposed to the little griddles. Either way, I wasn't too impressed by the meatballs. The griddle was cool. They did let me swap it in for the sandwich. Literally as the 3 stars suggest... they were just A-OK. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten the traditional Italian? Dining out, I haven't seen a meatball big enough. Not since I was a child. Maybe the big meatballs died out in the 80's.

My guest enjoyed her game hen and I tried some. It was decent, but lacked that UMPH! The herb crust really had nice texture to it. I'm just used to my chicken slammin... flavors jumping off the top rope onto my tongue (a high risk maneuver... like adding more of everything to the chicken). This hen was more like a wink and nod or better yet the wink and the gun. The flavor said "no, we'll call you." I'm just taking some jabs at the hen because of the price, but it was alright.

Did the fries, or the beans, or even the chicken chicharrones save the meal? No. But they kept the peace. More or less it's all comfort food and if it did nothing else, it did make me feel comfortable. The chicharrones (read: chicken skins) were probably the highlight. I can't argue with that. Otherwise, the ambiance was cool as was the upstairs window side view on a crisp March noon. We enjoyed ourselves and our area filled in with a small lunch crowd by the time we were done.

If I come back, I'm just getting alcohol and a cookie. Definitely not beans. Definitely not.
I am obsessed. My husband and friend  love places like Fogo de Chao, Chima, etc  while the "girls" are like to eat more healthy :) We were suggested Butcher Bar --lean meat, amazing tapas. Ok, give it a try! It was pretty meat-heavy on the menu. Baked beans, amazing bacon, meatballs, sausages, iceberg wedge saiad even had bacon, and home-made beef jerky. But very lean, not greasy, super high quality. It looks like from the reviews I am that they are more diverse now since we went two weeks-one month after they opened. HOWEVER, the whole place had this wonderful, smoky feel that was not too overpowering and the cookie dessert falls in the category of "I can't" but sure I could.  There's some sort of $250 meat extravaganza (like for six people) you have to order the night before that would be awesome for a bachelor party or girl's night out which we might do next time we go. Yay. Great addition to the neighborhood!
Service was outstanding, the bar menu thorough, the food yes and no...

Small plates are the play here (though there are main plates too) and sharing is caring. We had ten things between us and most hit the mark: the bacon (you had me at slab), Brussels and cauliflower, wedge salad, stuffed mushrooms, the meatballs, the sausages. Disappointingly, the ribs were tough though they did fall off the bone and the steak was tough too. The Mac and cheese was bland, the Gouda didn't work well as prepared. 

The music was good songs, too bad the Pandora kept going in and out. It's lively and smells great... it could hit it out of the park if the food was as good as the service.
Good happy hour, a great space, and tasty, tasty food. I'm a fan.

Obviously with the current plague ongoing, I haven't had many opportunities to stop by anywhere in Center City/Rittenhouse in the last year. But I've been to Butcher Bar maybe three times, and every time the service is on point, the drinks are stiff, and the snacks are satisfying.

Prices outside of happy hour are about typical for pandemic+Rittenhouse. So definitely not an everyday spot for this salaryman. But it's worth it for a sorely needed catch up with friends. Remember friends? And in person? Yeah, that feeling.

Can't wait til it's warm enough again to hang out in the back patio area. Assuming that's a possibility given the ongoing slowpocalypse. Here's hoping.
The Butcher Bar was nothing short of amazing! It's the perfect place for dinner with a large party. My party of 11 ate outside on the back patio which provided a nice and cool atmosphere. Our waitress was great and helpful when making selections on the menu. Since we were a large group we ordered tons of things off the menu... some of my favorites included the meat and cheese platter, Korean short ribs, vegetable platter and Macaroni and cheese! You can't go wrong ordering anything off the menu. Favorite drink on the menu: grilled Julip! Overall, this was a great dining experience and I loved the variety of large platters for guests to share!
Came here for a dinner on a Friday evening with an 8 person group and enjoyed my experience from start to finish.

A reservation had been made and my group arrived together so we were seated right away AND a waiter came to our table very shortly after. Several starters were ordered but I only tried the Confit Duck Wings, the Sloppy Joe Poutine and the Roasted Cauliflower & Brussel Sprouts - the Cauliflower & Brussel Sprouts were delightful; I am not much of a beef eater so I picked over the Poutine but the fries and cheese sauce were good and so were the wings, which were flavored and cooked to my liking.

For an entree, I split a Rotisserie Game Hen which was very tender and well-seasoned; I also ordered the Smoked Gouda Mac & Cheese along with more Roasted Cauliflower & Brussel Sprouts... It was oh-so-good! 

I didn't think I had room for anything else but then the Dessert Trough was brought out (check out the pic)... The desserts that had my interest were the Chocolate Chip Cookie and the mini Belgian waffle sundae (ummm, ummm, ummmm)... 

I would definitely recommend this spot for groups or to grab a quick bite. The atmosphere is laid back and inviting; not too noisy but definitely not stuffy.

Additionally, the food was served quickly and all of the items that were ordered came out as requested; the staff were also helpful and professional.
- Food did not live up to expectations
- Quality does not justify price
- Food for 8 people came out at different times over an hour timeframe which is not acceptable 
- Requested manager (Christine) twice, had to find her to complain about our experience, only said she's sorry
- Food is mediocre
- So loud you can't hear at your own table
- Only reason we didn't walk out is because our server Trevor was very pleasant and apologetic


*Not worth your time or money
*Trevor get a new job at a better restaurant
Simultaneously upscale yet casual. The nutella-stuffed chocolate chip skillet cookies, prepared in miniature cast iron pans, greets you as you walk into the door, which is pretty brilliant and basically guarantees that you must have it for dessert (which we did - and yes, it's as delicious as it sounds)! We sat upstairs, which was nice and quiet on a Tuesday night.

- Steak & fries - tried some of my friend's. Steak was pre-sliced and nicely medium-rare inside, perfectly complemented with the butter. Juicy, tender, and flavorful.

- The Italian meatball - came as 3 in a small pan. I'm not a huge fan of meatballs but decided to give it a try anyways - pretty decent and well-done.

- Roasted cauliflower & brussels sprouts - this was hands down AMAZING. The best version of the roasted brussels sprouts trend I've ever had. The crispiness was out of this world, made even more addictive w/ the perfect balance of parmesan crust. This, and the skillet cookie, is why I will return.

I love how it's a nice place to have dinner but it's tucked away in a pretty accessible place for me in Center City (along 20th and Chestnut). It's almost like a hidden gem by how small and unassuming the exterior is along the street at night. Our server was also awesome and super kind/attentive, and at some point I believe the manager even stopped by our table to check in on us.
I stumbled upon Butcher Bar walking chance - the lights adorning the open front bar caught my attention. Unfortunately when I hit there it was a half hour until they seated for dinner; I took the menu and opted for pizza. As I ate my pizza I looked at butchers bars' menu and lost my appetite for the carb on carb I was eating. The menu offered house made sausages and mom approved meatballs along with other great eats. The decision was unanimous and I headed back down to Butcher Bar. We were seated immediately and began to feast! We order the sloppy joe poutine (great balance of salt and savory), confit duck wings (not too sticky with a light crunch and kick ass glaze), the brusselsprouts  were sautéed in oil and salt (possibly a light ensemble of spices too) and grilled to perfection. The roasted spring beets were tasty but not my fav....I think I'm biased to red ones lol the smoked Gouda Mac and cheese was my least favorite dish at the table (but the next day it was a hit: the smoked cheese against the Al dente pasta settled to taste), the sautéed greens were memorable as well. Wait but you have to try the jalapeño cornbread with ginger and maple syrup - it's sooooo could words can't even describe what my mouth was allowed to enjoy. We also had a couple entrees - the grilled octopus confit was a hit!!! I mean an absolute win - independently the flavors of the dish don't work but get a forkful of the octopus, potato, mandarin orange and the sauce and it's a party in your mouth. My mouths watering just thinking about it. We also had the smoked wild boar ribs (tasted better on Day 2), hipster meatballs (comes in three but I wanted six lol) are meatless but packs a medley of flavor, when you bite into the meatball the "panko" crispy exterior reveals the smoked eggplant, burrata, mozzarella and masala marinara; this was another hit at the table. Last but not least the fish speciAl of the day - a steamed snapper on a bed of polenta. The fish was so fresh I think they just caught it it was lightly seasoned and was literally falling off the bone. The only think that I didn't eat was the bone  if you can't tell by now I definitely recommend our waiter was an absolute sweetheart- courteous, knowledgeable, and full of suggestions. What more can I ask for!
