Simply put. B&S blew me away. It is now my go to steakhouse in the city (until I finally try Barclay Prime to see if it matches the hype). Everything about my experience was perfect and more. 

I have little to no words regarding how to describe the steak. Let's just say it was in my top 3 steaks (yes, I have a top 5) I've ever had. The other two were not in Philadelphia. 

Service was perfect. A friend and I split a bottle of wine and she came around to pour any time the glass neared empty. She knew the menu inside out. Desserts (I believe) are all made in house. 

It's obviously pricey for those who may be watching their wallet but it's worth the trip if you go. A great night all around.

Points for: Food, service, wine, everything.
No negatives.
So. freaking. classy.

I kinda regretted not arriving in pearls and heels, because I love all things girly and they wouldn't have been out of place at Butcher and Singer! You could probably sit there and pretend that you're at a Downton Abbey type dinner party without stretching your imagination too far.

I came for restaurant week, and the impeccable service and ambiance just put me in a great mood. Honestly, it's probably the best deal I've ever had for restaurant week as well. 

The steak is obviously the only reasonable option for the main meal on the restaurant week menu (why would anyone get chicken here?!). So much yums, not just the steak but also the bread and dessert and sides (although I have to say the creamed spinach was the only so-so part of the meal). 

Would love to come again!
It was as if Homer Simpson was guest starring on Mad Men, but here I was, enjoying lunch at Butcher and Singer. 

I think, if I hadn't been with a regular B&S pro, Id have been turned aside quicker than a Giants fan at the Linc.- I kid, i kid,- they were an extremely friendly and accommodating group, from busboy to manager. Our server was as efficient and competent as she was adorable. It was a treat to be regarded so warmly. 

The decor was like being on a movie set for some fabulous movie directed by Orson Welles. Lots of marble and wood, with a charming mural of dogs, that would have been at home on both Al Bundy or Don Drapers wall. 

Im something of a burger connoisseur, and I can say with inflated authority, that B&S serves up one of the best burgers in Philly. I had heard that there was a burger special, and at under $10 , I thought it was a good deal...until I was told that the special is over and it used to be $5. That is as unreal as I can imagine for a place of its stature, who could easily charge $20 for that gem. 

The fries were just OK. I prefer them larger, but with a burger so intense, I consider them an above average garnish. 

We needed a little sweet to offset the large smack of savory, so we settled on a slice of chocolate cake. Its hard to impress a baker, even a bad one, but this was a pretty decadent slab of dessert. It only took a few bites to satisfy and it was equally as good leftover ( *cough* 45min after I got home) 

I wonder if Ill ever get the chance to go back. Based on the quality, and the relatively cheap prices, I think its a given. I think my usual lunches of the drive-thru variety just got their walking papers. This place is Homer Simpson approved!
Our waiter knocked over my phone onto the floor while trying to take the menus which made the night sour. He was trying to be attentive as he can, but we were sitting by the lounge area so he could not tend to us as fondly as his clients in the main dining room. There were times when he should have checked on us, but instead tended to other tables instead. I had to forget about any new orders to compliment my steak at this time and just eat how it was since the meat will grow cold, which was very disheartening. 

His tables were located in the back of the main dining room and our table was near the entrance. He had to sprint from one end of the restaurant to the other end which was highly inefficient. A waiter or waitress closer to the lounge should have been assigned to us. 

I am understanding, but I feel the lounge area needs to be catered to more properly. I have a strong feeling if we sat in the main dining room, this would not have happened. The lounge area does get a cold draft from the doors opening and closing. I think repositioning or even renovating the entire lounge seating area would resolve this issue. 

The ambiance captures an eloquent magnetism festooned with the glamour and vintage feel of old Hollywood transcending the marriage of traditional and modern. Each dish is belly warming, filling, and suffuses one with a sensation of familiarity and elation. 

I ordered the 16oz medium well bone-in filet mignon, it had a pepper and salt finish with a very pink center. It was a little too pink and fall-of-the-bone tender for my taste, but still tasty, palate pleasing, and endlessly flooded my stomach with gustatory satisfaction. My major complaint was the lack of sauce offerings since I prefer my meat to be properly bathed in red wine, but the steak was still well consumed independently. 

The stuffed hash browns were flavorless, too buttery and thickly creamy with some oddly textured chunkiness in the center. We had to send it back. However, the french fries were simply insatiable. A deep golden brown with the perfect crisp on the outside and soft center sizzled and seasoned to gleaming perfection. The mashed potatoes were both smooth and velvety, creamy and pillowy and melted in your mouth amorously serenading your tongue with every bite. 

There was an incident where my partner and I left for the restroom and the staff cleared our table before the dessert came. 

Luckily, our waiter saved the day by apologizing, bringing new drinks, and came out with our desserts in no time. I replaced my butterscotch ice cream with vanilla ice cream instead which was not a problem. We also ordered the chocolate cake, which was devilishly good. 

Our dulcified treats were both deceptively simple yet gratifying which served as conceptual metaphor for the restaurant's historic ideology and execution to remain perennially classic, tasteful, and timeless. Their service, however, indubitably requires a revamping.
Butcher and Singer has steaks, fine wine, and cocktails.  An old bank building gone modern -- it's sexy, even swanky.  Equally perfect for a romantic date or business group dinner.  It has a great vibe.

I loved my Delmonico steak [$49, 5.0 stars] -- 18 oz of meat, about 3 oz too much...but flavorful and seasoned perfectly.  BTW, my understanding is that a Delmonico is a boneless rib-eye.  Sides my party of 5 shared: Mashed Potatoes [$11, 4.0 stars], Creamed Spinach [$12, 4.0 stars], Mushrooms & Onions [$12, 4.5 stars], and Bacon Macaroni & Cheese [$15, 4.0 stars].

But, who are we kidding.  It's all about the rolls.  Yes, ROLLS.  They make all other things served an excuse just to get them.  Served with honey butter -- whoa!  Think Pillsbury rolls with all the mini-layers, but these are the real thing, fresh, and warm. I'd give'em a 10.0 star.  Yes, I had 2 of them...and I would've eaten more if I knew, for sure, I wouldn't be judged.  Plus, my gf could be reading this review, and she'll give me crap!

Our server was a total pro, knowledgeable, friendly, and funny.  The food, along with the service, was total first class.
While most other steakhouses offer stuffy vibes with expensive cognacs in visible, showcasey vaults and wine racks reaching the heavens, Butcher and Singer has its ambiance nailed. This Old Hollywoodesque interior is refined without being uppity, it's classy without being unboring. 

There's no cocktail menu and your server/bartender will most likely steer you in the direction of a classic libation (think: Manhattan, Old Fashioned, Sazarac, Tom Collins, Gin Martini). I gave the bartender a knowing look when he mentioned there was no menu...I rested my hand on the bar and said, "I'll take a screwdriver." He gave me a puzzled, unimpressed glance and when I realized I'd just asked for a orange juice and vodka cocktail, I quickly retracted my request and said, "bartender, what a clumsy mistake I have made. I will take a Sidecar, not a screwdriver." He released a subtle sigh of relief and assured me I'd "come to the right place." 

And so I had. My mom and I split the Porterhouse "for two." This 28-day aged cut had me pulling a Meg Ryan all throughout dinner. People stared, I didn't care. If you want the best steak of your life, this is it. At least it's the best steak I've ever eaten...and I've eaten lots and lots of steaks. The hash brown side was phenomenal and came out looking like a crispy potato pie. Golden on the outside with tiny potatoes on the inside. The green beans were also fantastic. 

We kept our order simple, but simple is right when the steak is this dang good. We finished off with a Baked Alaska for dessert. Christ in a handbasket. This was amazing and even if every bite was a painful addition of bloat to our bellies, each spoonful was well worth it. If you like bananas or meringue, order this yesterday. 

Here's the foolproof way to go:
Sidecars
Porterhouse for two
Stuffed Hash Browns
Green Beans Amandine 
Baked Alaska

I'll be thinking about this meal for a long time.
so a vegetarian and 2 omnivores walk into a fancy steakhouse. oh wait, you've heard this one before? nevermind, then.

i won't bother telling you that the vegetarian didn't go hungry. she didn't even eat a salad. no siree, bob! she was - get this - able to order off of the special prix fixe lunch menu without requesting a single modification. unheard of, right? wrong.

said vegetarian very much enjoyed her bowl of curried cauliflower soup followed by a plate of cavatelli pasta in a light sundried tomato sauce with generous dollops of goat cheese. all for $15. who knew? now, you do.
3.5 stars. 

I planned a date night for hubby and I during our stay in Philly. Prior to this, I had essentially been eating my way through the town alone since he got stuck working late daily. 

Making reservations was easy and so was finding the restaurant. We were able to park in the garage around the corner, though mind you, parking anywhere in downtown is ridiculously expensive ($27). 

The restaurant is beautiful, high ceiling, dim lighting, what you would expect from an upscale steakhouse. Service is good, not overbearing, but you definitely don't get forgotten.

The bread that started our meal was just OK. Bit tough on the outside and the inside was airy, but lacked that warm softness that would instantly melt butter.  I also ordered a ceasar salad, which was pretty good.

My hubbs ordered himself a ribeye, medium rare of course. I ordered a filet mignon, also medium rare.  We also ordered creamed corn and the stuffed hash browns. 

Filet mignon - tender, seasoned well, cooked to a medium rare
Delmonico - I unfortunately saw my hubby wrestle with his steak a bit, so it was tougher than we would anticipate from a high end steak house, seasoning and temperature were good, however
Stuffed hash browns- Just ok, I didn't set an expectation for this, but I wasn't impressed with it
Creamed Corn - meh, don't get it, it was quite liquidy, too savory and lacked some sweetness

Overall, great service and ambiance, \though our actual meal was just on the slightly better than OK point on the scale.
You know what the best sort of steak dinner is?  A free one, and I would advise you find your sugar daddy before venturing to B&S for dinner.  

The food and service for our meal were perfect. In fact, they were better than perfect. The salad sang, the oysters danced, and the server could read minds.  Lamb chops were so tender they practically melted.  A heap of creamed spinach beckoned suggestively, like a sexy green pin-up.  

As with other Stephen Starr joints, they really gouge you on the drink prices. $13 for a 4-ounce absolut martini is highway robbery, but the lighting is so flattering and the leather banquettes are purring to your backside, so you let it go. 

Recommended for those with money, who appreciate on-point service and dry-aged cow.
Lulu generously took me out to dinner here so we could celebrate being fabulous and unemployed. The gorgeous, dark, retro space made it the perfect place to speculate about this season of Mad Men as well. 

The service was nearly perfect. The fact that Lulu knew many of the staff members made for a warm, friendly experience. Alina was a wonderful server- she made great recommendations, made sure we did not feel rushed and went out of her way to accommodate our sharing of dishes. 

To start, we had the fried oysters and shrimp cocktail. The shrimp were divine, perfectly sweet and fresh. I loved the extra horseradish on top of the cocktail sauce, the extra heat and beautiful presentation made it stand out among the many versions of this dish I have eaten in my lifetime. The oysters were also amazing, the flavors of the sauce and the roe really enhanced their sea essence. I'm usually more of a fresh oyster girl, so these were a revelation for me. 

We also split a salad of tomato and vidalia onion, which had a creamy dressing and a generous dose of blue cheese. I could have eaten this everyday for the rest of my life, but then again I'm a vidalia addict. 

For the main portion of our meal, we both had the petit filet mignon. I cannot tell you how perfect this meat was. Besides being tender and beautifully medium-rare, the sear added so much to the flavor of the beef. Our side dishes included creamed spinach, which was tasty, but a bit salty for me. I knew it would happen eventually. Steven Starr, I'm going to beat you with your salt lick. We also had the stuffed hashbrown, which I really enjoyed. It reminded me a bit of a spanish tortilla, but creamier. 

For dessert, we opted for the chocolate cake and baked alaska. While the cake with its boozified cherries was delicious, the baked alaska was unbelievable. It is one of those dishes that I've always wanted to try, but I'm too timid to make it at home and it is rarely offered at restaurants anymore. The ice cream wasn't overwhelmingly flavored, which was great because I'm weird about banana flavored things. The toasty meringue made it one of the best things I've ever eaten. Seriously. 

For drinks, my tom collins was divine and the sidecar was dangerous.

Love. It.
One of the great tragedies of the last ten years or so is the demise of the steakhouse.  In an apparent attempt to hide inflation, most places have seen significant cuts in the quality of their meats as well as the professionalism and attentiveness of their staff.  What used to be monthly foray for me has petered off because of a slew of mediocre experiences at most of the steakhouses in the city and beyond.

Butcher and Singer seems to be holding the line though.  On our recent sojourn I had the opportunity to split the largest steak I'd ever seen...the 50oz bone in tomahawk ribeye.  This monstrous beast almost upset the table in it's sheer heft.  Cooked perfectly (pittsburgh medium rare...the only way), it was very good...but not in the upper eschelons of steak nirvana.  A bit of chewiness for what should have been a melt-in-your-mouth ribeye knocks off a star.  The tuna tartare appetizer was good, as were the oyster selections...fresh and briney.  

Service was superb.  However, dinner for two, with two drinks, two appetizers, a side, and the shared tomahawk ribeye set us back $230 with tip and taxes. That is a lot of money for what was a good, but not exceptional, meal.  If I'm in the city and I want to impress someone or have a special night out, then I'll most likely be back.
Solid steakhouse in the heart of center city. Barmen consistently demonstrate their knowledge of building pleasure through flavor. The mastery at the broiler and grill will not disappoint you. The room's two-story ceiling brings memories of grand days gone by, once a bank lobby? So cool. 

BAR
Liquor list features many local Pennsylvania brands, and if you're daring, ask your barman to make you one that takes you off the beaten path!
Mine was my simple sapphire martini ($20), in and out, twist, stirred. Excellent. 

SERVICE
Tuxedoed servers and staff are the norm, and the formal style of service is the standard at steakhouses like this across the nation. 

AMBIENCE
Dishwasher station is busy and loud. The "plate clanking" and pot banging volume is quite high, as is the symphonic buzz of kitchen printers heralding your order in concert. It would make a marvelous background-noise track, "busy restaurant"! I'd certainly buy it for my Apple TV!

Music tracks overhead are a mix of big band and fast trio jazz, accented by bursts of trumpet and scatty Singers. 

But my favorite is the discreet sculpture of a bull's head with horns, mounted at the center of the far wall. Ha!

THE COURSE
Tonight's oysters ($19)  were huge, creamy samples from Maryland, and some delightful briny ones from Massachusetts. 
The mignonette was wonderfully chunky at the bottom, not the watery vinegar with "floaty bits" one usually gets elsewhere. Great flavor. 
And the horseradish was freshly shaved, airy, and dare I say, light? also a special treat.  

The 8oz filet mignon ($46), "black and blue" arrived perfectly hard-hard-broiled and then raw and cold in the center. 
Not that charcoal shoe-leather black you get from the chef to punish you for ordering "well done", just perfectly done. Bravo!
The warm plate brought up the temp so it was cool instead of cold as I made my way through it, Wow!
I added some finishing salt to each bite, and realized this is truly the way to enjoy a steak. This size. This way.  
The delectable mushrooms and onions ($12) side was the perfect accompaniment. 

Finishing sweetly was a delightful baked pear sorbet ($9) and Calvados ($20) digestif. 

BUT THE BUGS
Special flying insect friends were companions tonight, interested in  beverages, the butter and bread and more. They only swarmed every five minutes or so, but Shucks!
Honestly with more "pre

BOBBLING ALONG
On a more personal note, with my E-badge not renewed for '22 after 13 in a row and 14 in the community, I must admit some relief that I can now review more casually, tell more of a personal story, and without the pressure that "mine will appear before others, so I had _better_ be "just the facts ma'am" concise,  do it right, and not waste your time with rambling!l" 
Now I know that these will disappear into the babbling swath of bobbleheads, never to be noticed, well, except for you followers and dear friends from so very many years together!! 
Let me know if you line this more narrative casual style better.
I rarely give out 5 stars but had a prefect dining experience at Butcher and Singer.  The service, ambiance, drinks, and food were all top notch.  I tried the Delmonico with truffle butter on top and it was to die for.  If you are in the area, looking for an awesome dining experience, craving steak, and have some $$ to spend then look no further.
Now my obsession with all things "Mad Men" related has come full circle. I felt like Don and Betty Draper were going to slide into the large, leather booth right next to us at any moment (at which time I would have had to politely excuse myself while I ignored whatever conversation was going on so I could drool over the foxiest man ever to play an ad exec). The place was hoppin' on a recent Tuesday night, which was sort of surprising, given the whole craptastic economy thing...but I digress. Valet parking was a complete fail, from the fact that it took 15 minutes to get someone to come out and get the car to the 20 minutes we spent waiting to get our car back. Not sure if that's the fault of the restaurant, though, so I'm willing to cut them a break. 

The room itself (the former Striped Bass, which I never had the pleasure of dining at) was lovely; soaring ceilings, ginormous chandeliers, opulent decor and dim lighting - and then there is the mural of ritzy dogs livin' it up at the bar. Cute? Yes. Strange? Absolutely.

Regardless of what I thought of the canine rendering, though, the service was outstanding from the very beginning. Our waiter, Gabriel, gave us detailed explanations for every menu item we asked about, and never disappeared for long. I loved that he stuck nearby in case we needed anything.

And the food...mmmmm...I highly recommend you try the crab cake appetizer, as it's one of the best I've ever had (the boy got the Butcher Salad, aka "Hoagie in a bowl" and gobbled that baby up). We both had the New York Strip and gasped out loud at the large cut that we were presented with. It was enough meat to feed a small village! I don't know how they did it, but easily it was the most wonderful steak ever created by man. Buttery and juicy inside, slightly crisp and salty outside, it was perfect in every way.

But my real foodgasm moment came when I cut into the baked hashbrowns. Good God, are these a gift from above or what? Diced potatoes, Vidalia onions and sour cream? I would go back for those alone. And I finally had Baked Alaska for dessert. Words cannot describe how crazy good it was. It's now my new favorite dessert.

I had pretty much resigned myself to not ever being on the Starr bandwagon, but after my dinner here I am singing a different tune. Mr. Starr, you have finally done it. Now I'm a believer.
Could it possibly be that one pays a lump sum to devour delicious steak, delectable sides, and classic cocktails while still being treated like a normal human being rather than a "yes sir," "by all means, madam" upper class snob? Yes. This place has the goods without the stuffy, old money pretension. And thank god for it. 

A note to those who like their meat more medium and less medium rare: the correct way to state your preference is "medium rare plus."
Phenomenal dining experience!  Exceptional service paired with delectable cuisine made for an incredible evening. They start off with rolls and butter. No joke- some of the best rolls I've ever had.  Sweet, buttery and warm. So good in fact- that I asked for extra to take home! We ordered the small shellfish platter ($75). Lobster, shrimp, prawns, oysters, clams and lump crab came in a bowl on a bed of ice. I mean- what's not to love? For our entree's we ordered the surf and turf($75). Filet mignon and lobster tail. The filet mignon was an amazing cut of meat. Prepared to perfection... so tender it could be cut using a butter knife if you wanted. The lobster tail coupled with the filet, was utter heaven. We ordered the asparagus to accompany our entrees, although it wasn't needed as we had plenty of food already. We went a little crazy and ordered a special they had that night that consisted of one, very large, thick piece of bacon. Bacon is one of the loves of my life- so I had to taste this. Super indulgent and gluttonous... yaaaaaaas.... mmmmmmm... Feeling super stuffed and happy, we skipped dessert.  The waiter and all of the staff were exceedingly attentive and made sure we always had spirits and water in our glasses. They checked in just enough that we wanted for nothing, but didn't feel like we there were too many interruptions. It was truly a special evening, I felt like a princess. So happy my boyfriend brought me here!!
My name is Bill McThrill Esquire the Fifth (well at least some of that isn't a nom de plume). Yet  anytime I step foot into Butcher and Singer I can't help but be whisked away into the time of Don Draper and the era of Mad Men.

Seriously though how priceless is the interior and every step of the service in this piece of luxury? If you think for a second that you've experienced a second of the classy high life of Philly without stepping in and sampling the meat mansion that is Butcher; then you'd best be thinking again fool. Although it does manage to deliver just fine when I walk in on the business casual front during lunch time for that extra gold star.

But the main purpose of this silly review is to cover the one key ingredient of Butcher and Singer that no other piece of the Philly luxury delivers so successfully. The Butcher Burger is so simply done, yet executed with a simple (read: not overboard) amount of the finest ingredients to make it perfectly flawless. And that makes this top of the line steakhouse (I actually like a Starr restaurant?) one of the best places to grab a burger in Philly!
The lunch special burger was awesome! It was a lot of meat and a lot of fries. It beats the other burger places around... I will be back!! PS - as for dinner, i have not gone yet.. but i will one day..
This is not your typical steakhouse. An décor in tribute to 1920's Hollywood, with low lights and dark woods, my special date and I were instantly transported to a long-gone era. Have you ever walked into a place and knew you were going to love it? Well this was the case at Butcher's and Singer's. This is the story of my 90 minutes love affair with the best steakhouse in the city. 

We ordered the 28-days aged, porterhouse, medium rare for two ($86)- Cooked perfectly with precise temperature and seasoning. It had a sublime tenderness and mineral complexity that most steaks aren't able to execute. The contrast between the charred exterior and the warm, juicy center was mouth-watering. Worth every penny. Highly recommend the hashbrowns ($9). You have not lived until you've eaten this simple, but crazy delicious side dish. Stuffed with sour cream, more potatoes, and onions, I would come here to just to eat this.
 
Save some room in your stomach because the BAKED ALASKA ($12) will take your breath away. It's essentially a meringue-topped dome of a baked Alaska hiding housemade banana ice cream and apricot compote. So heavenly...HMM. Our server, Amy, was professional and knowledgeable. Her smiles and positive demeanor were a joy to see. Impeccable service. 

So schedule your cardiology appointment, gulp away your lipitor, and spend your entire days at the gym because Butcher and Singer's quality of food will keep you coming back for more. Next to Capital Grill's, this steakhouse is good as it gets in the city of brotherly love.
"Throwing My Weight Behind Their Meat"

My future cardiologist will tisk-tisk my apple-shaped? Or pear-shaped self up and down, and up and down when I whisper into his ear everything he won't want me to share with him about Butcher and Singer's:

delicious wedge salad with Russian, bacon and blue bits (tho the blue could stand to be sharper and stinkier)
delicious, briny Porterhouse, cooked exactly to order
delicious, thick, tender, double-fried Singer Fries
delicious, silk-spun creamed spinach
delicious sparkling ladylike Rose
reasonably, though not award-winningly, delicious chocolate cake
essential Pelligrino to make that mess go down smooth

Lovely dining room, effective service. Reasonably authentic experience given the Starr ruse. In all, it's a Center City must-do.

P.S. Thank you, Michelle, for putting the bug in my ear & making me go here in spite of my faltering bathing suit goals.
Does it need to be said (again) that this place is the best lunch deal in town for a burger that will knock your socks off?  

I think it does. At $10.95, cheaper than Good Dog and Pub & Kitchen (two places who serve up a mighty fine burger), with refined service that surpasses both and an interior that is elegant - B&S is a solid clear winner for a solid burger.  Delicious brioche, pickle, tomato and Russian dressing with white cheddar and fried onions = Yum. 

Another vital fact  about B&S is that the temperatures are always EXACTLY on point.  Knowing the difference between Medium Rare, Medium and Medium Well is important, knowing how to execute said temperature even more so.  B&S knows and executes.  Flawless service all around.  Never had to wait or ask for a refill, kitchen works extremely well, front of the house and back are a well-operating machine.

Great business lunch or just general lunch destination without a doubt.
An RW success story! The wife and I stopped in tonight.  We had Open Table reservations for 7:45, showed up on time, and were seated immediately.  The place was packed!

We were seated at a beautiful table on one of the upper side levels.  I'll get my one complaint out of the way now.  It was noisy.  There were no tables super close to us.  It was just the general noise level that made it difficult to converse.  I'm not sure there was anything that could be done other than to show up on a very slow night.

Now for the food.  I opted for butternut squash soup, 8 oz. filet, mashed potatoes and the cherry chocolate bread pudding.  The wife went for beet salad, salmon, green beans and the same desert.  In a word, or four, we were blown away! Beautifully plated, correct temperature, and delicious.  It's not often that we both rave about every course.  This was a seriously impressive meal.  There was not a hint of RW skimping.

Or waiter was Mickey (like the mouse) and he was perfection.  He was a little humorous and attentive at just the right times.  We couldn't have asked for anything more.

Some folks say that RW week is a lesser experience than a normal week.  While the menu was certainly limited our experience was stellar!  We will be back.
I was asked to arrange a dinner for our site leadership team and selected Butcher and Singer to host.  I have no regrets and received strong positive reviews from all 15 of the guests (myself included).  

I started with oysters, I mean hey its on the company, right?  They were fresh and sizable.  We moved on to the Butcher Salad, which saw everyone clean their plate!  I followed with a perfectly cooked Delmonico as we shared mushrooms, onions, and asparagus around the table.  I made sure to save room for a dessert sampling which capped off the night.  While I am sure it is much easier for me to rate them higher since I didn't have to pay the bill, everything was top notch and worth a visit!

How could the night be topped off?  By seeing Mayor Nutter enjoying his meal for the evening at B&S as well!
Restaurant Week lunch at Butcher & Singer is pretty awesome. For a mere $20, even those with the lightest of pocketbooks can enjoy three courses of well prepared, delightful food. 

Last Monday, I sipped a bellini and relished in my day off as people rushed back to work while my first course was delivered. The Caesar salad was appropriately dressed and sprinkled liberally with parmesan cheese. 

I ordered the roasted chicken sandwich as my main, which came with slivers of artichoke, arugula, roasted red peppers and fontina cheese on a sesame seed baguette. House-made chips were served alongside. The chicken was moist and the sandwich was great. I tried my guy's burger, which looked amazing and tasted even better. I must get back soon to order it again for myself. 

For dessert, we shared the baked Alaska, which was almost too lovely to eat (but not quite) and a humongous slice of chocolate layer cake, with the richest of chocolate icing, scoop of vanilla ice cream, toffee slate and raspberries. Phenomenal! 

Service was great, and despite our particular server having many tables to attend to, other B&S employees were available to fill water glasses and inquire about our meal. 

I don't care what anyone says, I love Starr and I definitely love Butcher & Singer. Naysayers be damned!
Very fancy steak house that is in the city of Philadelphia, so looking for parking is going to be painted of a bud, but I may say that the restaurant is worth it. 
The staff of this restaurant is very fast, attentive, kind and very friendly, almost making sure that all needs are fulfilled, from the bread to the water, or the drinks.
The food is very good, excellent taste and portion are big, I order the 8 oz. Filet Mignon with Mushrooms & Onions. Filet mignon is a steak cut of beef taken from the smaller end of the tenderloin, or psoas major of the cow carcass, usually a steer or heifer, the steak was very tender, juicy and delicious It was a treat to my palate with each bite. 
I also share a couple of Appetizers with my friends 
Fried Oysters with is new for me but was very delicious 
Fried Calamari: good and delicious calamari that is dusted in flour and served with a tasty marinara sauce. The calamari were very tasty and crunchy; I could eat like 3 plates of this appetizer.
We went for a birthday party last night and my experience was just ok. 

We originally started with a party of 10, but due to the impending snowstorm, our party ended up consisting of 4 guests. Our server had a serious attitude. Her whole demeanor changed. I understand the anticipation of serving a large party- higher check average means higher tip- however, I would have preferred for my party not to have been viewed as only a meager 4 dollar signs $$$$ at a table..... the server snatched the place settings off of the table that weren't needed and stormed off.

She came back and did not offer drinks (I would have enjoyed another Carte Blanche), did not ask if it was our first time or if we had any questions. Basically ready to get us fed and get us out of there. We seen more of the busboys than we did her. We had to flag her down to order a bottle of champagne.

We placed our orders, 1st course:
Shellfish Platter 
Oysters Rockefeller, Escargot, 2 wedge salads, 2 French Onion soups. 
2nd Course: 1 filet, 2 porterhouses, 1 swordfish and 1 pork chop. We also ordered the hash browns, Mac n cheese, creamed spinach and Brussel sprouts.
3rd Course: Baked Alaska 

The highlight of the meal was 1) the mac n cheese. Loaded with a creamy cheese sauce and topped with crispy bacon and chives. 2) the Shellfish Platter. The shrimp, crab and lobster were all succulent. The mignonette was divine. Everything else was just okay. The steaks were over seasoned with the filet being the saltiest of them all. Highly unenjoyable. After waiting for the server to come check on us (There was no two minute check back) They did attempt to fix it, but there was nothing that could be done. The most disappointing item ordered was the creamed spinach. Tasted frozen n lacked flavor. When we told the server we weren't enjoying them, she snatched the bowl off the table and did not further inquire as to why or if we would like a replacement and once again stormed off.

The baked Alaska was good, but was not flambé'd. 

The whole experience could have been better if the server displayed a welcoming spirit. Guests dnt like to feel as if they are annoying or an inconvenience. For us to have shelled out over $700 including the gratuity, we at least deserved service with a smile. 

Based on this experience I would not return, nor would I recommend.
I'm not known for giving great Yelp reviews.  Normally I review when the service or food is awful.  This is an exception to my Yelp rage posts!!

I hosted a business dinner at Butcher and Singer on 10/26.  The waiter was excellent and was not overbearing in his recommendations and did a fabulous job.

We ordered two portions of the whiskey maple bacon, crab cakes and calamari.  The bacon is the best bacon I've ever had in my life...it was incredible.

Everyone ordered a porterhouse with one person trying the Delmonico.  Everyone raved about their steak, and me being a steak-o-phile loved that it was cooked to perfection.  It was hands down the best steak I have ever had...and for me that's saying a lot.  I have lived in NYC, Miami, Chicago and LA and have been too all levels of steakhouses.  This place blows the doors of Maestros and others of that caliber.

I cannot wait to go back!!!!
Perfect place for a sweet date or catching up with a longtime friend. I advise to call ahead and make reservations, especially if you're visiting on an evening or a weekend. They're really good at accommodating you. There is valet parkingz
I spent the whole night looking at the chandeliers, they were so pretty. The decor overall is very calming and romantic, you can either sit on a half circle styled bench or just a normal styled table. Their seatings accommodate around 5 people but it works fine for couples. 
The staff is very friendly and helpful. They're very good at explaining the menu, your options and give helpful hints. They were always there when I needed anything, refilling the drinks and checking up on the meal and us, very sweet. 
I enjoyed the salad a lot, and one salad was enough for two people, as well as the side (I enjoyed a delicious creamed spinach). The steak wasn't my favorite, I could be bias because I'm used to eating veal. The steak was just not tasteful to me and had a charcoal layer on it, I just wasn't very fond of it.
I've often wondered which was better:  Barclay Prime, or Butcher & Singer?  

Well...now I don't have to wonder anymore.  Barclay - by 3 miles, at least.  

Save your money - and it's not insignificant, I ended up dropping almost $500 and I regret every dollar - Butcher & Singer is not worth it.  I love that people have said about the prices, "Well, you're not at Outback."  That's funny, because that's how it felt tonight.  

Incredibly distracted service, insipid menu, mediocre food at best, and 400% wine markups (are you kidding me?!) - I won't be back.  It's a shame, because it's a beautiful setting - but the food blows it.
I'm finally out of my burger and martini coma.  

I think the servers are a bit underwhelmed by everyone going there and getting burgers for lunch.  That said, my server was very chill--though he did skip the script for me because he knew i was there for the burger

The burger was very good.  The seasoning was perfect for me.  The cheddar and onion toppings weren't boring to me.  They were lightly done so you can taste the deliciousness of the burger.   

I also had a side of creamed spinach which was fucking delightful.    The martini I had with my lunch was pretty delicious too.
I spent a while wondering what was happening inside Butcher and Singer. I'd been a longtime fan of Striped Bass and was curious about how that space could be improved. It has been. In spades.

We've eaten lunch twice at Butcher and Singer this past week. We tried a large set of the menu, and what I can say is, "Wow."

First, Butcher and Singer is set up like a throwback classy restaurant like from the 40s. But it's not that Capital Grille stuffiness or pretentiousness, it's the Brown Derby for Philly. The waitstaff is dressed in bow ties and long aprons. There are really comfy leather banquettes that hold 5 or 6 easily. Their leather armchairs are just as good. Oh...the food.

Yes, the food. Look, have the filet mignon. We've had five of us there twice, and we all agreed that the filet is the best filet ever. It's seared and finished in butter. (I'm drooling about it right now.) The Delmonico was great -- thick and tangy. We had the burger -- a real monster made from dry-aged beef (who ever had that before) that's worth the money. We've had the whole trout, which was broiled in a lemon sauce and accented with capers. The lobster BLT was tangy and tasty. Same goes for the prime rib sandwich. We have to get there for dinner soon...I really want to try the steak Diane.

Oh...the desserts are outstanding, too. Best cheesecake -- the real kind -- ever. It's light and really well done. The carrot cake is sweet and gorgeous. And the Baked Alaska -- wow. Just wow.

I know I didn't describe all the food like a foodie...I'm going to add another review after I've eaten there 10 times. But I would say that Butcher and Singer is a really great addition to the Philly restaurant scene.

One other thing -- Gina, the General Manager, is also outstanding. She's really enthusiastic about the restaurant and what its intent is. It's a joy walking into a place where the GM is out among the patrons and clearly loves her job and the place. Many points for that -- it tells me that place is really going to be a huge success.
I was invited to a lunch at Butcher and Singer to meet some business clients. 

I was a bit late, but the hostess was very nice and showed me to my table. 

The waiter introduced himself and was very nice and knowledgeable. I especially liked how he asked if we wanted anything else to drink other than water. I decided to go with a San Pelligrino while others went with Iced Tea. The Pelligrino was chilled perfectly. 

After that the waiter took our orders. One of the people and I both ordered the salad with sushi gray tuna. The other person ordered a salad, which the waiter described as a hoagie in a bowl, without bread. He also ordered French fries on the side. 

Everyone was very pleased with their meals and the atmosphere added another pleasant feel. 

The waiter offered us coffee and dessert and one of the clients suggested I get cheesecake, but I politely declined. 

The waiter was also nice and packed up the French fries to go for one of my clients. He wanted them packed because he was going to give them to a homeless person. The waiter brought out the fries nice and fast.

We were all ready to go back to work and they got the check out fast.  

It was an excellent dining experience! 

On the way back the homeless gratefully accepted the fries!
You cannot go wrong with Restaurant Week lunch at Butcher & Singer. I returned once again for the three course meal during week 2 of RW, and everything from the greeting at the front door to the water glasses that were constantly being refilled was great. I enjoyed a mozzarella and tomato salad with chopped pistachios and olive tapenade followed by a cobb salad with a generious portion of juicy sliced chicken alongside. 

I was somehow able to turn down the dessert course, although the spiced pear sorbet was sweetly calling my name. I can't believe I've never been for dinner but it's something I continue to look forward to!
My steakhouse experience and meal at Butcher and Singer was one of the best steakhouse experiences and dinners I've had in a long time, if not of all time. It was restaurant week as well, so let's squash all of those "bad service" and "small portions" thoughts out the gate. 

Let me start with service. Ricky was an A-list server for sure. He was upbeat, professional and attentive. He had a knack in customer service, which stood out in his interactions with my table and the tables around us. I felt like he played to my group, but in a good way; a way that made us feel like he understood a little bit about us as customers. 

The food was also on it's A-game. My husband and I wanted to split everything except for our entrees (where we both opted for the same thing), but had to deal with my pesky cough and a fear of spreading germs. No problem- Ricky accommodated our appetizers by splitting the butternut squash bowl of soup into two smaller cups. For the dessert, he provided sharing plates and a knife so we could divide and conquer. 

The butternut squash soup was rich, creamy and delectable. The maple glazed bacon was packed with flavor, and had very little fat for bacon, so it was meaty. The meat, oh the meat. The filet was by far one of the best filets I've ever had. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare, but still had a warmth too it. I go to a steakhouse for the meat and was not disappointed. It was 8 perfect ounces of melt-in-my-mouth enjoyment. The lemon tart was good, but the chocolate torte was where it was at. 

The ambiance of this steakhouse was top notch with class with the high ceilings and majestic décor. We couldn't help ourselves but to look at the grandiose chandeliers from time to time.   

We were happy from the moment we entered Butcher and Singer through our final bites and departure. Every aspect of our experience and meal was excellent, and something I would consider as perfection.
[570]

This restaurant was on my short list of places to try so I was very happy when I saw it on the list for restaurant week (RW).   I made a reservation asap and glad I did as it looks like it booked up quickly.

We had a reservation for 530pm and were promptly seated.  There was a cute waiting area and I think I may have seen a bar off to the side.

The main dining area was nicely decorated and was very cozy.  It is definitely a good place to have date night.  

We decided to have the RW menu and add on a few items.

First Course - I had the butternut squash soup and it was delicious and it was not hot which was perfect.  Hubby had the Crab cake.  I'm glad I tried his as it was one of the best I ever had.

Second Course - We both had the 8oz filet.  I added on "Oscar" which was jumbo lump crab, asparagus and béarnaise.  It was definitely a good add on.   Hubby added on two scallops which were tasty but mine was a better add on :) 

Side - We each had mashed potatoes which was just ok.  Probably wouldn't order it again.   We added on mac and cheese (no bacon) which was one of the best hubby ever had.  It had a cheese that made it special... I think gouda.

Third Course - I had the lemon tart with blueberry compote.  It was so fresh and tasty.  Hubby had the Chocolate Pot de Crème which he (and I) loved.    

Jamie was our waiter and he was amazing.  Definitely would ask for him again.

We loved everything about our experience and the atmosphere was a nice add on.  

I hope they tell people about the Oscar add on for RW as it was definitely the highlight of my meal.  Gave it the extra ump....

We will definitely be back!  Well we have to.... I saw a pic of their homemade chocolate cake and I MUST try it :)
Ok Mr. Star, you got me. I have been to most of your restaurants and while they are always good, I've always felt they were trying too hard. Butcher and Singer gets it so right without looking like it trying. Its the first post of the Star empire that is thematic with out becoming theme restaurant.

Dinner was excellent - simple, flavorful and had just a enough surprises.

I started with the Butcher Chop Salad, which was what I now call a hogie in bowl, then on to the main course. New York strip. YUM, perfectly bloody inside and chard on the outside. The chef wasn't shy about serving it up au natural, no fat was trimmed from this cut. Desserts were decidedly old school, don't miss your chance to get a Baked Alaska.

But the highlight for my was the hash brown. Its like nothing you've tasted, its like the best baked potato out there with all the fixings, coated in crispy shredded potatoes. Do not miss this. I would go back and just order it.
So the love of my life met her aunt for a catch-up dinner this week while I was on call. They were both  kind enough to order some apps to bring home for me. 

I'm a vegetarian so feel free to skip this review right now. I'm a vegetable bitch so they brought home some creamed spinach and the green beans. 

I literally just reheated this shit from the other night and I felt compelled to write a review bc the creamed spinach was frankly one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. HOLY SHIT. Incredible. 

The green beans were pretty good but not exceptional. 

My little steak ordered the porter house for two, medium rare which she described as "scrumptious". The meat was tender, buttery, and warm. They also split the wedge which was described as crisp, just the right amount of salt and cream. Her aunt ordered a baked potato which comes as a massive 1 pounder. My girlfriend is one of those short little broads that could honestly probably sleep in it with the cheese as a blanket. 

I haven't physically been there so I can't comment on the ambiance but from the sounds of it, even as a vegetarian I would probably enjoy it.
We were disappointed with our food, especially our entree of the dry aged porterhouse for 2.  Servings were smaller than expected for a steakhouse (size was more for 1) and did not even compare to those at nearby tables with the same order.  Service and ambiance were great but we would not go back and we will not be recommending to friends. This was for our 1st anniversary dinner and the experience was very disappointing considering the special occasion and how much we looked forward to it.
My wife and I recently ate here to celebrate my 30th birthday. To date we had not tried any of the Philly steakhouses and were trying to decide between Butcher or Del Frisco's (we loved Del Frisco's in NYC when we used to live there). We decided on Butcher because we wanted to try something new and we have always had a good time at the other Steve Starr restaurants in Philly. Man did we regret our choice...

Are night began relatively well with a pleasant duo of greeters who promptly took our coats and had us seated. From there things went completely downhill. We had to wait 10 minutes before any one would come by to take our water preference order. Once our server took note of our very non-elaborate water order she informs us she will give us a minute and return to take our drink orders. 10 more minutes pass. She returns, takes our drink order, tells us she will be back in a minute to explain the menu and inform us of additions to menu and proceeds to disappear. 10 more minutes pass. We are then greeted by a different server who asks if we are ready to put in our order and if anyone has explained the menu. We inform him that we had questions and no one has been by to explain anything. He then tells us he will give us a minute to think it over and proceeds to disappear. Our first server eventually comes back to us to take our order.

So we go through a pleasant exchange and put in our appetizer and entree order. We ordered a dozen oysters and the crab cake as appetizers, the porterhouse for 2, the stuffed hash browns and the brussel sprouts for the entree portion of our meal. The oysters arrived pretty quickly and were delicious. The crabcakes took much longer and we were initially served the lump crab cocktail but that was quickly remedied (a mix up I guess). The crabcake was absolutely the best part of our meal. The use of apples as a salad were a great compliment to the crab cake itself which was delicious. Post crabcake-high we were quickly met with another 15 minute wait before our steak arrived. We ended up ordering the steak to be cooked medium as one of our servers (I can't recall which one) explained that the chef tends to cook them on the rarer side. Well, apparently they undersold the "rarer" factor because what we got would not be considered even medium rare. The center was not the red and cold. Actually the entire steak was cold leading me to believe it was just sitting on a counter, waiting to be served. The sides were okay but nothing great and left me longing for my potatoes au gratin and lobster mac and cheese at Del Frisco's.

Anyways, we finish are less than stellar meal and were prepared to just call it a night but then our server pitched us on dessert and since it was my birthday, my wife insisted we at least look at the menu. So I order a coffee and our server tells us she will be right back to take our order. As you can imagine, we did not see her again for the rest of the night. After 20 minutes of waiting and getting more annoyed by the minute, our server finally comes by and instead of giving an order we ask to talk to the manager.

The manager comes over and does a tremendous job trying to salvage a ruined meal for us. Clearly, the guy cares about his restaurant and understands the long-term value of making his customers happy. Unfortunately, I wish he would've come by sooner and maybe our experience could've been saved. We were happy to receive some complimentary desserts and taking care of our bill but unfortunately the damage was done. I felt bad for the manager because after dealing with our situation I noticed he had to handle the other tables around us who were having their own miserable evenings.

All in all, poor service and below average food for the price tag puts this on our "will not return" list.
There are so many excellent places to eat in Philadelphia.  Sadly, this is not really one of them.

It's not the food, really.  The food is okay!  It's just really P R I C E Y and I think the hype is just not worth it.  Example:  Really quite boring steaks and "stuffed hash browns" which seemed to be neither stuffed nor as delicious as promised.  Try greasy, and not worth it at $10.  

Service was just okay too.  Not great, not terrible, just okay.
After hitting a favorite dive for dinner, my friend and I decided to visit the opposite end of the spectrum by having a grown-up drink at B&S.  I was happy to see that the restaurant remained similar in appearance to its former self, Striped Bass, but at the same time managed to come off even classier.  

We sat at the elegant leather bar and people-watched as we sipped our perfectly made martinis with blue cheese-stuffed olives.  It wasn't long before we were chatted up by some friendly (and prominent) Philly men.  If you are the kind of woman who likes a little sugar with your daddy, Butcher and Singer is most definitely the place for you.  I'm more of a Sweet'N Low girl myself, but it's always nice to have an intelligent conversation with someone new and interesting!

I'm going with four stars for my bar experience, but I hope to bump up to five when I return for dinner.
Even in a city like Philly, filled with such diverse choices and new restaurants always opening, sometimes, you just really want a good steak house.  We aren't lacking in steak houses here either... but this one tops my list.  

I had trouble not comparing it to Barclay Prime... (which was my no. 1 before this, sorry Barclay, you have many other admirers though).  Both have great atmospheres, but Butcher's just feels special, you feel like you're there for something special, with the grand ceilings and dim lighting, its warm while remaining extravagant. Service was amazing, I am so sad that I forget our waiter's name, but he was knowledgeable, attentive and very friendly as well. 

They have an extensive wine list, and the cocktails were truly on point, and generous.  If you're a whiskey fan they have one of the best whiskey lists I've seen in the city.  The appetizers and salad's we had were pretty typical steak house calamari, crab cake and caesar salad- top quality and done perfectly though.  I was with my family who tends on the plainer side, so I would have probably tried some other options with other companions.  

The real starr (see what I did there?) is of course the meat.  My mom doesn't eat red meat but raved about the fried shrimp.  Their non-steak menu includes that plate and many others which is nice and not very typical for a steak house - usually she is left choosing between chicken or salmon.  My new york strip was probably the best steak I have ever had in my life. Cooked perfectly and full of flavor, it was almost like I have never eaten a steak before, it opened my eyes. My dad and brother shared the Porterhouse for 2 which our waiter explains has both the filet cut and ny stip cut.  They loved it, and couldn't stop raving! You can't miss the hash browns either, very different and so good.  The asparagus was also a great side. 

All in all next time you're celebrating something, or just feel like going to a really good steak house come here and enjoy!
My wife and I paid $384 for insane violent catastrophic diarrhea. I wrote an entire blog about this which I'm happy to share  if you DM me. But long story short... 

We shared the Fred Flintstone steak. I don't remember what it's called but it's humongous and looks like heaven. 

We got a Caesar salad and some sides too- not incredible but not worth complaining about either. 

 
Anyway... the huge steak came out and looked lovely. We got it medium rare (this has been our go to for years at steakhouses across the country). This one looked a bit too raw- like closer to rare. But these guys seemed like experts so we ate it anyway. 

We enjoyed our meal enough- not $400 of enjoyment but we left relatively satisfied. 

We got home and I jumped in the car to drop off our lovely pit bull mix (Bella) at her sitters house in NE Philly. I hadn't even reached the boulevard yet (coming from Rittenhouse Sq) when I noticed my extremely rare and extremely costly steak was nnot brewing correctly in my stomach. The next half hour (away from my toilet and really in need of it) was the closest I've been to gastrointestinal hell since I lived in Mexico. 

I'll save the details for any DMs but for now I'll say I'm an atheist but I prayed that night, I'm not homeless but I strongly considered shitting in a  dark alley. And I have never been closer to shitting my pants than I was that night. My wife spent about 45 minutes on the toilet that night as well. 

We would have been better off getting a cheesesteak from a food cart and deep frying it in palm oil. 

I'll never return and highly recommend literally any restaurant rather than this one.
5/5 ambiance. The inside decoration is just beautiful!

5/5 service. Our waiter was so attentive, friendly, and so fun and easy to talk to. He really knew the menu and knew how to suggest to our preferences.

5/5 food. Potatoes/Vegetables/Sides are portioned so that you share with others! I think I also really enjoyed the cocktails. You will definitely be full after the whole meal. 

I think this place is definitely in my top 5 favorite steakhouses in Philly.
ok this is officially my new fav place in Philly.  Last weekend my night consisted of scotch at Mahogany and dinner at Butcher - perfect night. 

The interior is amazing, the food unreal and atmosphere is perfect.

This might be my new second home.
The good: The cocktails we ordered were all excellent! Hats off to the bartender, who made a wide variety of exceptionally tasty cocktails for our table. The caesar salad I ordered was also shockingly good -- so good that even though we had so much other food coming, that I still ate the whole, generously-sized salad. I'd eat that salad every day if it were an option. Also delicious were the brussels sprouts, stuffed hash browns (who knew such a wondrous thing existed?) and green beans. I would happily order and enjoy any of those items again. 

Also, the architecture, design and decor of the space is distinctive and all-around amazing. It felt like a special occasion destination for sure. The service was also very attentive, but not annoyingly so. Drinks were promptly filled, empty dishes removed and all questions happily answered. 

The meh: My steak was underwhelming. I had the smaller cut of filet mignon and it was not seasoned well. It did not taste as though it was seasoned at all. There was also a thick char on portions of it that was very unappetizing. Also, the steak fillets were plated in a stark, unappealing way - just a handful of pea shoots on one side of the plate and the steak on the other. 

The ugly: I checked my work bag at coat check while I was there, as my laptop was in it and it was so heavy to lug around. I should not have, as when the bag came back to me it was light over $120 in cash. Yes, I was stupid to leave cash in the bag - I forgot I sold an item via Craigslist earlier and had the cash in my bag. I was very disappointed to find that coat check in a restaurant this nice could not be trusted. Management did follow up and was appropriately concerned by it, promising to look into how that could happen. 

Tl; dr: The cocktails and caesar salad are especially amazing. Skip coat check!
I hadn't been to Restaurant Week since Winter 2011. I wasn't too impressed with my experience at Mercato and vowed never to go again.

In September of 2013, I had the most amazing birthday dinner at Barclay Prime, and wanted to try out Butcher and Singer as soon as I could. I figured RW was the best time to do so without breaking the bank. We didn't break the bank (protip: do happy hour before dinner elsewhere) but I also felt a smidge cheated.

Appetizers were oysters Rockefeller (3) and a green salad. Fine and dandy. The steaks were fantastic- 8oz of filet cooked medium rare. Sadly, Zack's was a little overcooked. Nicely seasoned nonetheless.

Here's where it gets dicey: the sides were literally the sizes of petri dishes. Teensy, tiny bowls of mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. Do mashed potatoes really cost that much to make? Come on.

Desserts were also miniature in size. The bread pudding was pretty boring but we pounced on the salted chocolate caramel tart. Good stuff. 

We were in and out in 75 minutes. 

You live, you learn with Restaurant Week. I'm glad I got to experience B&S (that ceiling! The booths! The service!) but I think i'm good on RW for another three years.
Last night my husband and I went on a date night, and imagine my surprise when we arrived at Butcher and Singer. I was a little leery because it's a bit pricey for a Thursday night, but what better way to celebrate not having your 3 kids for a few hours? Yay. 

As soon as we walked in, I felt like I was supposed to have someone grab my coat and ask me if I wanted some champagne. The only problem is that I didn't wear a coat, and well... I'm pregnant so the champagne was out! 

The only issue of the night came when we walked in and announced we had arrived for our reservation. The hostess looked at my husband and asked if he could remove his "HAT" or "Beanie". Well.... we're Jewish, so my husband promptly explained he doesn't remove his Yarmulke or Kipa for religious reasons. She promptly apologized. But I thought it was a bit odd. I cant imagine shes never seen a yarmulke before... but I digress. 

The service was impeccable. The waitress was very well knowledgeable about the liquor, food and everything! She answered our questions and even made a few suggestions. I ordered the Salmon and white bean salad, and Brussels sprouts, which the waitress explained was cooked in sherry, and bacon. I thanked her for letting me know about the bacon (prev noted, I'm a Jew remember?) so I ordered it without it. 

I know what your thinking, how could we go here and not get a steak? Unfortunately, I didn't want to feel too "heavy" after wards so I opted for fish. Lame I know. 

My husband got the Colorado lamb chops and creamed spinach and we also ordered the stuffed hash browns, which everyone on yelp raves about. When the food came, I took a bite, and it was orgasmic. I mean i literally almost lit a cigarette to calm me down. 

The salmon was off the hook, cooked perfectly, with some sort of tomato-like vinegar sauce as a drizzle? My husbands lamb chops were crusty, well seasoned and delicious. The hash browns are served family style so it was more than enough to share, and they were good too! Everything was perfect. The manager came around and thanked us for dining there and hoped we would come back. 

Even thought I was stuffed, my spouse insisted we get the baked alaska for dessert, which was a slice of angel cake with homemade banana icecream with apricots and whipped cream, baked into  a delicious little ball. Mmmmmm.  I had to recline my seat in the car on the way home because I know i gained 40 pounds!

I wont mention the amount of the total bill, because well... lets be honest, it you've read any of the reviews, you know its not Outback Steakhouse. I will say it was worth every penny and NOT nearly as expensive as I thought. We sprung for the valet service, which was an additional $16.00 though. 

We will definitely be back to Butcher and Singer, and next time I'm getting the 8oz Fillet Mignon!
We had a very disappointing experience at Butcher and Singer last Friday evening. I had been so excited to try another fabulous Stephen Starr restaurant but was less than thrilled with the experience. While the service was decent, the food was not.

We started our evening by my mom finding a wormy looking bug crawling on the table at her seat. She told our sever who quickly scraped it off. Strike one against the restaurant. In a beautiful, high quality restaurant we should not be finding bugs on the table. 

Then we ordered our meals. We came for restaurant week because it's the perfect way to try a little everything on the menu! We also ordered an additional appetizer of calamari. The calamari was good. You can tell the fish is good quality and cooked well. However I was disappointed that there is a lot less calamari than appears. It's a mixed of fried peppers, onions and calamari. But overall a pretty good dish. 

The busboys bring around rolls which we're delicious. Probably the best part of the meal. But you only get one so savor it! 

To start we had Caesar salads and one butternut squash soup. The salads were ok. Not a huge portion an a pretty peppery dressing but we loved the crunchy croutons and crisp romaine lettuce. The soup was thick and very sweet not our favorite but nothing terrible.

Then our steaks came. We all got the 8 oz filet. 2 were supposed to be cooked medium well and one cooked medium. My steak was a medium well that came on the medium side, I had to trade with my mom because it was too red for me to eat. However the oddest Orr was that both my original steak and my mom's had a disgusting charr on the outside. The steaks were crispy and burnt and I found myself trying to scrape off the charr to get to the not burnt pieces. All 3 steaks lacked flavor and seasoning. We were very disappointed. 

Probably the WORST part of the meal was the mashed potatoes. These are a small dish of what I can only assume was powered mashed potatoes from a box. There was zero flavor and they were purreed to the point of baby food. I attempted to add butter and salt to make it better but I could not even take more than two bites. The creamed spinach was just eh. 

The desserts were fine. Nothing to write home about. The best was the blood orange sorbet. It was flavorful and refreshing. The lemon torte and chocolate cake were just fine. 

The service was good our waiter was friendly. Sometimes the busboys are a bit over attentive by constantly asking if we were finished and they could clear our plates.

While I thought I would be in love with this restaurant, I was not and will not be returning. There are plenty of other better steak houses in the city that I will go to instead.
Food is just ok, especially for the price.  The chicken entree is inedible - don't get it.  I get that it's a steakhouse but come on learn how to cook a chicken.

The steaks are good, the room and ambiance is great and the service is very friendly - just not very good, especially at the bar.

Sides are freaking huge, so when they tell you that they are meant to be shared, they really mean between you and the tables around you.

I wind up here on business dinners often and it's become one of those places our team hopes the boss doesn't pick. Thank god it's an expense account. I'll never go on my own.
Food: 4.5
Drinks: 4.5
Ambiance: 4 (really really wanted to give a full 5, but the fruit flies ruined it...)
Service: 5

We come here for dinner every time we are in Philly, to satisfy Mr Beffrey's need to decimate as much of the worldwide cow population as possible, and we thoroughly enjoy our meal every time.

We have quickly settled on (what else) the Burger as our go-to meal. It's not listed on the menu, so you have to be in the know, or just read this.  The burger has been cooked to the appropriate temperature EVERY SINGLE TIME, an amazing feat in a world of standardly under-achieving restaurants. The meat is flavorful and juicy, served with Russian dressing, caramelized onions, Roquefort cheese, and crisp iceberg lettuce/tomato/pickles. The bun is a beautiful stage to display the burger -- buttery, warm, light, and quite tasty on its own.  The burger is so good that even Ms Beffrey eats it eagerly, though of course eats the accompanying fries with even more gusto, as they are piping hot, crispy, and nicely salted. 

The Lobster Mac and Cheese is quite rich, the creamed spinach very tasty, and the hash browns also a solid starch option.  For dessert you can't go wrong with the Lemon Icebox Pie, a huge wedge of smooth creamy lemon custard that has the right amount of tartness, encased in a decadent graham cracker crust.  A couple bites is enough for one person, and we had to take home most of the slice despite both of us sharing it.

Drinks-wise, Mr Beffrey loves their cocktails and feel they are adequately strong.  Don't ask for any zero-proofs though, as it appears this concept is foreign to them at this time -- Ms Beffrey was offered a choice of a virgin mojito or orange juice with seltzer (really? that's it?). 

The service is impeccable.  Our waiters have been exquisitely attentive and polite. Our water glasses are never less than 3/4 full -- I swear there are always at least three pairs of eyes watching your glass. Our most recent dinner there was in celebration of Mr Beffrey getting selected for an amazing new job, and the manager sent over 2 glasses of complimentary champagne! Mucho points for classiness. 

The restaurant itself is stunning, with soaring ceilings, ornate columns, plush seats and expansive old-boys-club leather booths.  Imagine a Golden Age, Art Deco restaurant (sans the obligatory cloud of cigar smoke) got frisky with a Mad Men boardroom and birthed this place. The only gripe we have is that there have been fruit flies the past 3 times we've been there, a pesky nuisance that forces you to eat with one hand and continuously wave them away with the other.  Pretty gross and detracted from our experience. 

Overall, we will be back! But maybe wait until the weather cools down and the fruit flies die off.
I'm not a meat eater. I don't like steak, and I never have. I don't like going to steak houses because, duh, steak is the main event. At most steak houses, there is this amazing display of meat-special cuts, aged steaks, huge slabs of meat. Apparently, this is a thing that most people, at least that I know, are really into. I don't get it.

Butcher and Singer is the classic steakhouse-at least it looks like it. HUGE ceilings (three story?), elegant, massive brass chandeliers. Big maroon plush leather booths line the walls and a sunken center of the room contains several large round tables with plenty of space for all of the plates you will be ordering.

The way that B&S surprises and excited me in a way that not a single other steakhouse ever has, is that there is actually substance to the menu that ISN'T steak. There are several seafood options and I got to sample three of them-all very delicious. I ordered salmon. I learned that they were serving wild caught Nova Scotia salmon and they would cook it to your preferred temperature. I had a very lovely medium cut of fish, served with lemony, buttery lentils and a citrusy/acidy sauce on top. 

The sides are where it's at, though. I could get by on the sides alone. Their signature potato pancake business is legit. Crispy on the outside and gooey on the inside. The creamed spinach and mushrooms and onions were also favorites. 

I really enjoyed the dedicated service, recommendations and expertly poured cocktails. I came here with my family visiting from out of town because I knew my brother is all about aged porterhouses and the like. I didn't expect to like it. But like it I did-very much so.
I was in town for a conference and happened to visit during a terrible rainstorm. It was the type of rain that compels you to stay inside. The only problem was, there was no fridge in the room and I did not feel like putting on my Sunday's best in order to travel a few floors in the hotel and eat (Club rules suck). So, a group of us got together to dine and enjoy dinner here. What a great meal.  It was worth the two block walk in the pouring rain.
Came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary. We were promptly greeted when we entered and about three people told us to enjoy our meal. Service was really good...waitress was pretty attentive and even took photos of us upon request. Food was phenomenal...especially the biscuits served in the beginning...so buttery and flakey! Mac and cheese was very very rich and soaked in butter, but also very good. Fries were a bit salty, wouldn't order again...my veal chop was very good and my boyfriend enjoyed his porterhouse. Finally for dessert we had the baked Alaska which I highly recommend. It was so fun to eat! 

Will definitely come back again.
Went for restaurant week! 

The food was absolutely top notch. The crab cake I got was amazing - the lemony sauce was a wonderful compliment. The filet, as expected, was cooked well. The mashed potatoes were normal - very smooth and not chunky. The chocolate mousse dessert was also yummy but nothing too special. I would say that the crab cake was the most memorable part of the meal. 

However, my only complaint would be the service. Perhaps it was because we were obviously college students, but the waiter only came after we pulled another waiter and asked to place an order. This continued - we had to ask two waiters for our bread, while we saw other tables getting refills almost immediately. I understand that it was busy, but it was nearly unacceptable that we had to wait around 25 minutes to order. We were seated near the front and could see the hostesses were beginning to see that we were being ignored and they had to get a waiter for us. 

I ordered my steak rare and it arrived medium; when I cut it open, the waiter immediately took it back (almost faster than I realized it was medium), and brought it back with another side of potatoes! I was impressed. Will be back and hopefully will experience better service next time!
I went to Butcher and Singer during my bachelor party weekend because I wanted one of the best steaks in the city. I had done my research and it led me here.
I'll start with the appetizers and sides. My friends and I all shared the steak tartare which was incredibly fresh and flavorful. For sides we ordered the mashed potatoes and green beans amandine. The potatoes were very smooth and the green beans were especially crisp, just how I like them. All of this could've been a meal by itself. But this wasn't why I was here.
Onto the steak. After some careful deliberation, my brother and I agreed to share the 28-day dry aged porterhouse for two. The first bite told me everything. It was juicy and incredibly well seasoned. It was really one of the best I've had, if not the top. I've been craving it ever since. I don't want to go back, I NEED to go back.
Great food and service! 

Came here for a work dinner, we started with cocktail shrimp, escargot, calamari, and a bottle of Pinot. Everything was already delicious. The cocktail shrimp were large in size, the escargot was unshelled, flavorful with butter and pesto, and the calamari was standard. I also got the Carte Blanche drink, it was refreshing since it had cucumber. 

For dinner I had the delmonico, it was 18 oz, so I had half leftover. The delmonico had a great flavor, it was a tender ribeye. Other coworkers got the NY strip, I was surprised it was a super thick cut but it looked very tender as well. For sides, we had mushroom and onion, bacon mac and cheese, and the stuff hash brown. The hash brown was stuffed was a large hash brown that was stuffed with onions and potatoes. The mushroom and onion is a go to for a side, it complements every steak. The mac and cheese was also delicious. Ending my meal with a creme brûlée, delicious flavor with a crisp caramelize layer that wasn't super burnt. Overall, a great dining experience. 

Our server was Brian and if every fancy restaurant had a server like Brian, they would all be five stars! In all my experience of dining out, he was probably the best server I've ever had. He was personable, attentive, and just overall nice. Kudos to Brian for making our dining experience, a first for all my coworkers great.
A good friend and I were here for dinner during Restaurant Week. Overall, a great experience.

Here are the highlights:

1) Monday night dinner reservation was honored. We were seated promptly.

2) Waitress was friendly. Gave us ample time to decide on drinks (we went with the $8 wine pairing off the RW menu)

3) Really enjoyed the bread (which is hard to say for a lot of restaurants) Perfect amount of crunch on the outside and soft on the inside.

4) 8 oz filet mignon was impressive. This is where I put pretty much all my stars for this rating. I haven't been to a steak house in a while; this blew me away. Nice char on the outside and juicy medium rare pink on the inside. Well seasoned. I asked for the steak sauce (which is not A1!) but it would have been fine to eat it without the sauce. 

I posted a pic of my RW three course meal. bon appetite! 

Also, there is a parking validation for RW!
This place is a pathetic excuse for a steakhouse.  The atmosphere and drinks were great, I'll give them that.  But, at the prices they charge for below average grocery store meat no one should ever eat here.  

I took my parents here for a celebratory dinner and I can honestly say after eating in 100's of steakhouses throughout the north east, this is the worst one I've ever been to.  

Let me explain:
1) the waitress forgot to put in our orders for side dishes, so all that arrived was the meat.  Then said, "OH SHIT" when we asked her about it.  OH SHIT!!! at a restaurant where you're paying at least $100 a head, wow!

2) The steaks arrived and were actually on the small side, but that wouldn't have mattered had they been great cuts of meat.  My father is a well-known figure in the New York food scene and quickly pointed out all the flaws; which we then found disgusting.
- the steaks were covered in salt-and-pepper that made it almost inedible
- the meat was almost 50% fat and grizzle
- they were NOT aged prime steaks and merely just store bought meat

3) The manager actually brought us another porterhouse to try to "get it right" but it was equally chewy and fatty.

4) When my father asked the manager how long he has been in the business, his reply was "6 months"
- he had never worked in a restaurant before this

All-in-all I would say this place should be run out of town and whoever buys their meat fired immediately.  

Amateur staff and amateur hour eats.
Best steakhouse that I had the pleasure of trying during my trip to Philadelphia. The escargot was the perfect balance of garlic and salt. The old fashion was one of the best I have ever had. The steak and side dishes as well as the service was unmatched. Even when I didn't order a dessert for my birthday, the waiter still brought me a small scoop of ice cream with a happy birthday message on it. Amazing experience overall, don't miss out.
Double date dinner for Valentine's Day.  YUMMMMY!  Escargot was mm...Mm GOOD!  Steak Tartare was my husband's favorite.  We ordered the 50+ oz Tomahawk Bone in Ribeye Steak that we shared between the four of us and it was more than enough.  Do not even get me started on their delicious sides.  We enjoyed it here and you will too.   

P.S.  Shout out to our awesome server, Brian who is  6'7" from South Carolina.  :)
Our first visit here, and I don't know why I waited so long.  Friends have raved about this place so we were excited to come.  We started with a couple cocktails.  First minor strike against them, the waiter arrived with two empty glasses and two metal containers containing our drinks.  The problem is how do you know how long they were sitting at the bar waiting for the waiter to come get them?  The drink probably ends up being inconsistently served.  Sure enough, mine was a little watery.  A minor point but other steakhouses do it right every time.

We ordered oysters rockefeller and the crab cocktail for appetizers.  The crab cocktail was divine, beautiful taste and great meaty chunks of crab.  The oysters recipe is classic and very good, the oysters were nicely cooked but a bit heavily salted.

We ordered wines by the glass since we had the swordfish and the 8 oz filet mignon.  Both wines were lovely, from the premium side of the menu.  We added sides of french fries and creamed spinach.  You just HAVE to have creamed spinach at a steakhouse!  All the food was great, the swordfish was cooked exactly perfect and quite tender and juicy, the steak was cooked perfectly and served naked with cress on the side.  The "french fries" were more like breakfast style home fries with onions and parsley.  Quite good, well seasoned.

Dessert was baked alaska.  It was a decent rendition, the meringue could have been a touch more browned and the inside was mostly banana flavor (I've had different ice cream flavors in the past) so it was very mild.

In short, they do a good job here but it isn't perfect, nor as good as some I've had, but I can certainly recommend this place overall.
Boardwalk Empire.

Came here for restaurant week and it was an amazing deal, 3 courses for $35. Started the night with a Old Fashion, $15 fantastic to the last drop. For the appetizer went with Oysters Rockefeller which were amazing and so classy. My entree went with an 8 oz. filet mignon, best piece of meat I have had in a long time, of course I has it medium rare. For desert, I went with a chocolate salted caramel desert. 

This is definitely a fantastic place to take a special person or a special customer.
I decided after years of wanting to try BNS out, restaurant week would be the perfect time to do so. Upon arrival and after checking-in the employees at the front offer to check your coat in and if your entire party has not arrived yet then they request you to let them know when everyone arrives and then you will be promptly seated. Once my friend got there we were seated in their beautiful open dining area. I loved our seats (they were just above the main dining room floor and you could see out into the crowd). The staff is quite attentive and are willing to explain anything on the menu. 

The restaurant week menu is a great deal. App + entree + one side + dessert for $35. You could easily spend $120 a person here. My first dish was the butternut squash soup. It was delicious and creamy and just what I wanted for a cold winter night. I can't go to BNS and not get steak so the 8 oz filet and side of whipped mashed potatoes was next on the menu for me. The steak's temperature was just as I requested. I paired my steak with a glass of cabernet because why not! For desert I had the chocolate pot de creme (aka mousse) which the perfect size for a dessert and a great ending for the night. 

Overall the experience was worth it. The staff are nice, the food is delicious and honestly if I'm looking to go somewhere to celebrate something in my life I'll think about stopping by BNS again.
A cut above the rest. Butcher and Singer provides decadence to the simple American steak house. The menu is traditional American with a major emphasis on meat. Carnivores rejoice because this is where you want to be.... well if you have the money to blow or you're thinking of a deal for restaurant week.

Hey, this place has the bone in filets, t-bones, etc. cooked to how you want it. They also have amazing sides such as the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. And those mashed potatoes are just so incredibly smooth, buttery, and fluffy. However, this restaurant doesn't do their steak tartare just right. I prefer a raw egg yolk to be on top to be mixed it's what the French would have wanted.

Overall Butcher and Singer do a lot of things right. Definitely a happy fatass camper over here. There aren't too many steak places (if you say cheesesteak counts... no) to eat at in Philly but this one definitely hits the spot.
You're a man. You like meat. You understand the importance of a well marbled cut of meat and anything above medium is just offensive to you. Butcher and Singer will appeal to your inner Mad Men fantasies minus Don Draper's shady past.

The dining room is dimly lit from the massive brass chandelier hanging from the impossibly high ceilings. There is a bar to the right of the entrance lined with candles and a small but impressive liquor selection. The dining room is lined with rows of tufted banquettes on two floors with tables and very comfortable chairs well spaced in between. A giant gold bullhead is mounted on a focal wall in the back of the dining room pulling together the traditional elegant steakhouse concept.

It's a bold statement but you can't go wrong with anything you order here but I will share some personal favorites. The wedge salad is one of the best I have ever eaten. The shrimp cocktail is enormous and fresh. Oh, if you like French Onion soup get it here, but break the top and give it a few minutes to release some steam. Your tongue will thank you for it.

Obviously it's all about the steak here. The filet is a very good safe bet but I would recommend the Delmonico. The Butcher Delmonico done medium rare is one of the finest steaks I would dare to say in the Mid-Atlantic. Sides are served separately so you will have to order them if you wanted something to go along with the meat. The hash brown is enormous and easy to share but do not skip on the Brussels sprouts. Your mom would blush for have ever served them any way other than Butcher prepares them. If you don't think you like them think again.

If you somehow have room for dessert go for the Baked Alaska. It's a rare dessert to find these days only due to how much goes into the production. It's a fun balance of warm and cold with varying flavors and textures. I have sampled all of the desserts over the years I have dined here and can confidently say they're worth saving room for.

Go to Butcher with clients you want to impress, to treat yourself for being an awesome person, to prove to your parents you're a grown up, to ask your lady friend a life changing question, the list goes on. Enjoy the impeccable customer service and a meal that makes you feel like you're a bigshot on Madison Ave in the 50's.
How chic is this place?
I wish it was cool enough outside to wear the mink coat I inherited. 

Had lunch today with some pretty ladies and got a Manhattan (I do what I want) and the prix fixe lunch for $15. Curried cream of cauliflower soup and the Butcher Burger.

So, we have the Great Debate:
Butcher Burger or Village Burger?
I haven't made my verdict yet, so I guess that means I'll have to come back a few more times...
Butcher and Singer is a nice restaurant, with average 3 star food.

I had the filet chared, and it was average. I also had the mushroom and hash brown sides, and both were much, much too salty. The asparagus if anything was under flavored, but I found that it was simple, and a welcome contrast to the other dishes.

What I actually liked best was the shrimp and lobster salad. A close second was the baked Alaskan.

The service was great, but though we asked for a chopped check for our party of 4, it wasn't done.
Came here after my college graduation and it was amazing. First off, let me say, our waiter showed the best service of any restaurant I have ever been to. He was funny, friendly, and most importantly, extremely knowledgeable about the menu and the restaurant. He alone made the experience extraordinary. The ambiance and the decor make you feel like you are in the Great Gatsby. High ceilings and dark wood make for an elegant and romantic feel. With a party of 9, they accommodated us easily in a rounded booth and chairs. Very roomy!

We started off with steak tartare. They accommodated one in our party by making them a plain garden salad, which was not found on the menu. The steak tartare was tender and flavorful. The portion of steak was sizable and it came with just enough crostini to scoop every last delicious bit. For the rest of the table, they delivered rolls with whipped butter which were warm and delicious.

Most of our table ordered steak, but as for me, I ordered the 8oz filet mignon - medium rare. The steak was perfectly cooked and tender. The inside was warm and velvety red. We also order sides for the table:singer fries, creamed spinach, and mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had. They were creamy, buttery, and perfectly seasoned. The creamed spinach which was also delicious. The singer fries, half potatoes with onions and peppers I believe, were enjoyed by the rest of the table. The food arrived on time and was hot and ready to eat.

As for dessert, I ordered the baked alaska. It can with banana ice cream, apricot preserves, and vanilla cake covered in a baked meringue. They were even nice enough to write congratulations on the plate! The dessert was huge and unfortunately I could not finish it all, but boy, was it delicious!

Overall, the food was excellent, the ambiance was stunning, and the service was the best I have personally ever received. 10/10 would recommend!
Just to shake things up, I'm not going to talk about the steak here in my review. That being said, I'm sure it's delicious. But I want to just say, people should not forget to save room for dessert when dining here! I especially want to rave about the carrot cake! The slice is huge and it's amazing, and super decadent. Also, we asked the waiter about the history of the restaurant and it's another one that used to be a bank and how it got its namesake. (Apparently Butcher and Singer used to be a commodities exchange). Thought it was really cool and now I might be on a mission to try all the restaurants in the city that used to be banks!
My boyfriend and I came to Butcher and Singer for restaurant week. We had reservations for 5pm, so right when they open for dinner. We were seated quickly and the hostess took our coats. 

Everything about this experience was great. We started off with one of the white wine specials that our waitress told us about, which ran about $11/glass. For our meal, we started with delicious warm biscuits. My boyfriend had the cesar salad and I had the mushroom soup. Both were amazing. For our main course, we both ordered the steak. For an upcharge I got blue cheese on mine and he got truffle butter. As for our sides we got mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. I liked the creamed spinach, but I would definitely just get the mashed potatoes instead next time. 

By the time dessert came around, we were both so full but we made it through. I got the chocolate pot de crème and my boyfriend got the blood orange sorbet. The sorbet was light and delicious, which was perfect after such a filling meal. The chocolate dessert was also really good but was just hard to finish! 

I loved the atmosphere here, the lighting was dim and you felt like you were in the 1940s. Luckily we were seated up in the top area, so we did not have anyone next to us really. The two person tables in the main area seemed like it might be difficult to have a conversation without the other table hearing you. The entire staff was attentive and friendly. Overall, it was such a great experience and we will definitely be back.
Entrance Note: The front of 1500 Street is not the entrance. You go around the corner to get to the restaurant. 

BF and I were here on Monday to celebrate 11 years together.

We had the seafood platter. Amazing. Fresh. Perfect. Probably would have been nice to have some clarified butter as a 'sauce' option for either the king crab legs or lobster but the other sauces were tasty. 

We planned to get two different types of meat so that we could share and have a taste of both. I got the rack of lamb with horseradish sauce (served on the side) and he got the NY strip with truffle butter (served on top). They were fantastic. My lamp was so soft you'd barely have to chew but still crispy and lightly charred on the outside. BF's steak was tender and we both liked the truffle butter. He did end up dipping his steak in my horseradish sauce most of the time but who can resist a spicy and creamy horseradish sauce.

I had cabernet and he had the Sidecar cocktail and one other (can't recall but it was gin and grapefruit based). I liked both of those but he definitely preferred the gin drink. The sidecar was sweet for his tastes. 

Definitely a great experience and wouldn't hesitate to return for another milestone or special occasion.
Rich interior ; chandeliers invoking horror movie crash down flashbacks.Pressured services.No depth wine list,Hideous  hash browns.Greasy shrooms and onions. Freezer bread rock hard abomination.Good porterhouse for ( barely  enough) two .Baked soggy bottomed Alaska .
International prices for parochial.
Oh my goodness.

That $6 burger is worth every penny but it's kind of like cigarettes in that although the initial cost is low, the price of a quadruple bypass is quite high.  

Still, it's about the same level of guilty satisfaction as a pack of Camel Lights.

I'd recommend getting the salad instead of the fries unless you want a heart attack before you leave the premises.
if you've ever read my reviews before, there is one common theme:
i love meat.  i'll never be a vegetarian.  ever.
so christmas eve, my philly bestie and i decide to go on a splurge.
this place is bee-yoo-ti-ful.  large, dark, dim lights...all it needs is a swing/big band in the corner, and you've got yourself a scene straight out of a movie.
the service was a bit off, but i think it was because it was 9 on christmas even and everyone just wanted to be home.  (hey, i'm being nice here!)
the steak was well cooked, perfectly coated on the outside, and juicy on the inside.  
but the best part?  the hash browns!  ohmigosh, i could eat that all the time!
so go, treat yourself to the hash browns!
I expected to like this restaurant a lot more.  Generally, I am in awe of Stephen Starr and his empire, and have had many good experiences at his restaurants.  This wasn't a bad experience, per se, just left a little to be desired, hence the four star review.  

We showed up early for our reservation and found two seats at the bar.  The bartender was clearly in the weeds, yet proficient regardless.  Still, there wasn't one word or gesture on his part to make us feel welcome or happy we were sitting at his bar.  He actually stressed me out.  

I discovered two texts from the hostess to let us know our table was available only after my husband went over to check - why not walk a few feet and let us know in person, in case we were not glued to our phones?  No one offered to take our coats, and they were awkward to hang over the back of the chairs.  Our waiter was very personable but amateurish.  Wine service was lacking and his explanation as to why he was recommending we order our steak medium instead of medium rare made no sense so we didn't listen to him - bad choice.

Hits and misses among the food.  Biscuits and honey butter were divine - as in, conversation came to an abrupt halt as we savored them.  Lots of restauranteurs miss out on an opportunity to impress with the bread basket - not S.S.  This boded well for the rest of our meal.  I thought the seafood tower was a bargain, and totally delicious - so much sweet lobster and crab, beautiful shrimp cocktail, and spanking fresh oysters with interesting sauces.  I liked the Oysters Rockefeller, too - plump, meaty oysters with a refined coating of green crumbs. My husband said they needed salt.  Our steak was the biggest disappointment.  We ordered a ribeye special, medium rare, our generally preferred temperature.  It came out nearly raw and very chewy/sinewy.  The side of bearnaise didn't come until we asked a runner for it - not even sure it was bearnaise, but too salty, regardless.   The creamed spinach was the best I ever had - we both practically licked the bowl clean.  

Lots of tourists, lots of folks from nearby NJ here for a special occasion, some moneyed looking Philadelphians there to see and be seen - made for some excellent people watching enhanced by the theater-like shape of the room - brilliant.
If I want a part of a dead cow to be heated up and served to me, I want it to be prepared at Butcher and Singer. While some species of animal develop keen senses or other defense mechanisms to keep themselves alive, the cow has developed delicious meat, insuring that humans will always make their survival a priority. Butcher & Singer is added proof to this theory that I just made up right now.

Their 8 oz. filet mignon is excellent. There were much fewer frills here than you'd expect at a Starr joint. Medium rare is ACTUALLY medium rare. The middle is not warm at all and the cut is virtually devoid of fatty chunks. Their Brussels sprouts(with bacon) are fantastic. They clearly outshone the potatoes and creamed spinach. Even the before-dinner bread is great.

I've also got to give props to the baked Alaska, a surprisingly original dessert.
Five of my girlfriends and I went to Butcher & Singer the other night as our Christmas present to each other. We were extremely impressed with the whole experience, especially after a questionable time at Parc.

The service was excellent - I don't remember our waitress's name, but she had a mohawk, so she's hard to miss. She was attentive, but not overbearing, and answered all of our questions knowledgeably. 

I started with the tomato and Roquefort salad, which was delicious! Other girls had the east coast oysters, Caesar salad, and onion soup, all of which were very good. For dinner I had the filet, which was cooked to perfection, and the stuffed hash browns which were the highlight of the whole meal. We shared the baked Alaska for dessert which was great as well.

Overall, I would definitely go back, despite the pricey menu.
I was tasked with taking my sister's fiancé out for a "guy's" night a few weeks prior to the wedding. Her only advice was that I should consider a nice steakhouse.

Butcher and Singer is indeed "nice." There is a timeless elegance to the interior decorating, music, and lighting choices. Our waiter was engaging and knowledgeable about all items on the menu and several drink selections. My guest ordered a caesar salad, creamed spinach, and the Delmonico steak. The steak in particular was quite large and perfectly cooked. My guest remarked that the steak was only lightly seasoned, but the inherent flavor of the meat was wonderful.

Now, I happen to be a vegan. Since I was treating someone else, I wasn't very concerned with finding something on the menu. Additionally, the prices are definitely on the high end for a person in my tax bracket, so I was actually open to the idea of only ordering a salad for myself. Still, our waiter was able to immediately make recommendations for me. I ordered the Butcher Salad, Singer fries, and asparagus. All were delicious and sizably portioned.

Butcher and Singer is a great restaurant, though also very expensive. My frugal nature causes me to crinkle my nose at $10 asparagus or $3 coffee. Still, the service and atmosphere were such that I definitely do not regret spending the money. For special occasions, I recommend it wholeheartedly.
Everything about my visit was perfect, from the waiter greeting me with a cold glass of water while I waited to be seated, to the dessert I was far too stuffed to even order, let alone finish!

I saw the @StarrRestaurants tweet about a new $15 Prix Fixe lunch special, and quickly arranged a hot date. Be warned, two desserts and two bottles of Pellegrino bought our tab up to $67, but it was so worth it!

So, from the beginning...

To my surprise, even at 12:something in the afternoon on a weekday, with no reservation there was no wait for a table. The place was far from empty, but there were a few open tables. There was, however, a wait for my dining companion, so after a few minutes de-sweating myself (it's a 1.6 mile walk from my house, and it was like 90 degrees) in the restroom, I had a seat in the waiting area. Within like 30 seconds, a waiter came over and asked if I would like something to drink. And even refused my $1 tip when he brought it to me. I didn't know how to take that at first, but, since he offered, rather than me having to flag him down, I couldn't take offense. lol.

Lunch date arrived before I finished my glass of club soda, and we were immediately taken to our table. While I was busy ogling the decor - I'm captivated by the carvings on the very high ceilings - waiter appeared and the excellent service continued.

I went with the caesar salad, he chose the tomato and mozzarella salad. Both were fine. I chose the salmon and truffled pureed potatoes, he had the Butcher Burger and fries. The salmon... it was all I dreamed it would be. Slightly crispy edges and all. Literally exactly how I imagined it. The potatoes, however, were more than my little mind could fathom. It looked like a bowl of some kind of aioli or something; that's how well they are pureed. When I tried them, I had one of those orgasmic moments... I can't even describe the smooth, rich, creamy, buttery, garlicky goodness. I told my date, "if I were to go right now, you could tell them I honestly died happy, cuz this stuff is AMAZING. I don't even need dessert." *sighing at the memory* Only thing I needed was a spoon cuz my poor little fork could not quite scrape every bite of delicious out of that little bowl.

Date loved his messy burger. Like gave it a spot in his Top 10. The fries were great, too... I stole a couple of them.

I was full from my food, and he was too full to even finish his food, but, we still ordered dessert. *evil chuckle*

I had the carrot cake. He had the cheesecake. There is positively no way I had room for anything else in my belly, but that carrot cake - and I have had MANY over the years - was perfection. A giant slice of cream cheese icing-coated perfection. And I am a cream cheese icing fanatic, so like, "icing on the cake"... yeah. Literally. I had to eat it. Date was totally swooning over his giant slice of creamy smooth cheesecake with blueberry compote, but I couldn't even be bothered to taste it (and I LOVE cheesecake) because I was too high on cloud nine to reach down and take a bite.

*sigh*

I'd definitely go back, and GLADLY pay full price for those dishes. And I'd order both desserts. To go. So I could savor the love for days to come.
I took my partner here for this birthday dinner this month and we had an absolutely wonderful time.  We realized we haven't tried many steakhouses in Philly, and have heard a lot of good things about Butcher & Singer.  We definitely were not disappointed!  We really went all out and got everything we were interested in: we started out with some oysters as our appetizer, and they were delicious - super fresh tasting and the horseradish and vinegar sauces they gave with it paired really well.  We also got the escargot, and it was incredible - they were tender and also very rich tasting, the buttery and garlicky sauce they were marinated in was just so good.  We also got two sides, the stuffed hash browns was perfectly crisped on the outside and so creamy, cheesy, and delicious on the inside.  I mean, who can say no to a potato dish stuffed with more potatoes? The mac and cheese also was just decadent in a word.  Would highly recommend both.

We got the 32oz Porterhouse for two cooked medium rare as our main, and it was indeed perfectly cooked.  Super tender and juicy, and nice and peppery.  The seasoning was not too much and not too little, and we were absolutely stuffed to the brim.

For dessert, we knew we just had to get the Baked Alaska - I unfortunately didn't snap a pic, but there are plenty of photos of this particular dessert.  It was piled high with creamy and light meringues and the ice cream inside had a bit of a banana flavor and overall it was really refreshing after all of that steak.

The service was beyond incredible - we had to wait a little longer than usual for our steak, and because of that, the chef really kindly sent us a complimentary shrimp cocktail.  We really weren't in a rush, but everyone was just super attentive and kind and kept offering us the complimentary warm biscuits as well.  Servers were super knowledgeable too.

The atmosphere is very intimate and feels extremely upscale, and although there isn't a dress code, expect to see people dressed well.  So just as a heads up, you might feel a tiny bit out of place if you show up in shorts.

I would highly recommend Butcher & Singer as a romantic dinner for special occasions or really any celebratory meal, it will definitely be a solid bet for a good time.
One  of my favorite spots for a delicious steak! 5 stars for their steaks/ambiance/service, 4 stars for their appetizers, sides, and desserts.

Their steaks are well seasoned, and melts in your mouth. I love their filet mignon while my husband loves the Delmonico which is their boneless ribeye. 

Their calamari, Caesar salad, maple bacon, mashed potatoes are good and as expected, but nothing memorable.

For dessert, the baked Alaska is delicious and a standout. Their chocolate torte and lemon tart, both good but not memorable. 

They usually participate in restaurant week, which is a great value for 3 courses! There is valet parking out front which is convenient. I highly recommend this spot for all steak lovers!
My hunni brought me here for my birthday dinner. Dimly lit which I loved! Menu is a bit pricy but taste was worth it. Chicken entree was so good. They brine it overnight which you can definitely tell because it was flavorful and juicy. Fried shrimp was also yummy. Crab cakes are my favorite and I was not disappointed. I was upset when I got to my last bite. Caesar salad was just ok. I've definitely had better & probably wouldn't order it again from here wasn't worth $14. Bacon mac and cheese I could of licked the bowl! Biscuits were so yummy and flaky we ordered a few to go! My only complaint was the dessert should have been free because it was my birthday. I've been to a few of "fancy" restaurants and we never had to pay for a birthday dessert 

Valet is $18
I went here to take advantage of their August 2 course lunch for $15 (thanks for the tip FooBooz!). The place was pretty quiet hence the bait to get people in with the cheap menu. This made it nice to have some pleasant conversation and enjoy the meal at leisure. I ordered their mozzarella & tomato salad. It was very good with a nice balance of flavors except for the addition of incredibly salty kalamata olive slivers. On to the main, I opted for the burger which was coated with a nice melt of cheddar and caramelized onions. It retained its juiciness nicely and was quite pleasant and large size. They are not skimping on portion size just because the price tag is a steal. The fries I would have liked to have been crispier. The service was impeccable, we never had to ask for anything or wait for refills. All in all it made for a very pleasant lunch date.
Sure, I could rant & rave about the food and the atmosphere and whatever else I enjoyed about this place, but that would be almost pointless...438 people have already posted their subjective opinions ahead of me, and there's currently a solid 4-star consensus. Now, that's quite an achievement, and it should give you a fair idea of the caliber of this place. (Look for yourself - there are very few restaurants that do better over such a large number of reviews). 

But statistics have no place in a restaurant review. If you're reading this stuff, chances are it's because you haven't been here before, and are trying to make a decision of some sort.  

So, I'm going to tell you this: Yes, by all means, you should definitely go here. Make the reservations, and do it, right now.  Later on, you'll be able to make your own opinion about the food, just like everyone else, and you'll most likely be pretty darn impressed. I certainly was. 

But believe it or not, the food is only a small part of the equation here. The staff and service are absolutely top-notch. They are wonderfully polite (as you should be back to them), but there's no absurd, fake ridiculousness in the delivery. These people are very, very good at what they do, and they're just a joy to be around. I really can't say enough about them. In conclusion, my family & I had a really great, memorable experience here, and I'll definitely be returning many times in the future.
For those of you who don't think your reviews make a difference, listen to this...

I returned to B&S after Christmas with my family who was visiting from California.  We had a dozen oysters (yum), then I ordered a caesar salad and the surf and turf, which is a Maine lobster tail and petite filet.  I noticed that the caesar wasn't swimming in dressing this time, and holy sh*t the steak was incredible--not charred too much on the outside, with great flavor.  Oh, and the lobster tail was great too, although you could did pretty much anything in molten butter and I'll like it. When the waiter asked afterwords how everything was, I leveled with him and told him the minor problems I had encountered the first time around, and how great things were this time...that's when he fessed up.  He had read my review and noticed my name on the reservation list that night!  We really are changing lives here people!

Update: unreal steak house, atmosphere, service, and food alike.
My girlfriend took me here for a special occasion and everything had that magical feel that transported you back to the 1930s or 40s in America. 

Between the tall ceilings, the marble columns, gorgeous chandeliers and sconces, and my dolled up date, there wasn't a thing to look at that was less than stellar. 

Service was pretty good. Our waitress was extremely nice, though wasn't 100% with it a couple times throughout the evening. It didn't make a difference to our experience as she came by just the right amount. But it was a bit odd that a place this nice had staff that asked for your drinks twice before recalling they had already been taken. 

The food we ordered was just so decadent. My date decided on the Strip Steak and ordered the Louie salad. I ordered the somewhat massive Delmonico and decided on the onion soup. Everything was excellent though my date commented that her medium-rare steak was a tad on the rare side, which from the look, I couldn't disagree. My onion soup, excellent and rich. Her salad, simple but beautiful and tasty. My Delmonico had me regretting I asked for a second roll. Nearly perfect. 

We started with oysters, and they were also very, very good. Tasted incredibly fresh and the mignonette was so luxurious in the mouth. 

A separate paragraph is deserved for the stuffed hash browns, which, although I'm having stents put in this AM as a result of the likely artery clogging this side did on me, it was "OMG incredible". Crispy on the outside, tender in the middle with butter, maybe sour cream, or something else (a roux?). It is a must get to compliment your hunk of meat. But it can be shared. And should be so that that buttery cholesteroley goodness can be split. 

Altogether, it's probably my best American steakhouse experience and I will be coming back. 

(And thank goodness for leftovers. Steak and eggs FTW!)
Another restaurant week review...I know I know...

This was a special evening for me and the beau.  It was our 1 year anniversary and even though our pockets have been a little light, we knew we could properly celebrate thanks to Restaurant Week.

Our server was amazing.  The entire staff was pretty great.  We tried to order different things so we could get a good sampling.  I had the beet salad and he had the corn chowder for the first course.  Both were pretty solid, though we both agreed the chowder was better.  For the second course, we both got the filet, but he got the mashed potatoes and I went for the local squash.  Both sides were ok, not really flavorful or memorable.  I ordered my steak rare and he ordered his medium rare.  When we were brought the steaks, they got switched even though we restated what we ordered.  We didn't figure it out until we had already started eating.  I feel like that is a mistake that should not happen here.  Am I being picky?  Maybe.  He didn't seem to mind.  I think the way people order their steaks is so personal, so it should be correct.  I was also underwhelmed with the steak itself.  The flavor was ok, but I have had better from my mother's kitchen.  It wasn't the melty buttery flavorful bite that filet is supposed to be.  Dessert was pretty good.  The beau got the chocolate cake and though he loved it, I thought it was so so.  I loved my creme caramel, though you had to eat it with the ice cream and not as separate elements.

It was a romantic night with great company, but the meal itself was a bit underwhelming.  I expected more Mister Starr.  I don't want to say who, but somewhere around the corner is serving a better piece of meat...and that place rhymes with frel disco's...just saying.
Took my dad out for his birthday dinner. Overall a great experience. We arrived around 6:30 pm with a reservation and at the time there weren't many people, but once it hit 7pm, the restaurant looked full. Our server was nice and welcoming. There was a table sitting right above/behind our heads, which was a bit disruptive - I could hear every word of their conversation 

Unfortunately, i completely forgot  to take a picture of the steaks we ordered. They were good, but I think Barclay Prime is better. I normally get medium rare, but I would get medium here. The onion soup was the best part about this dinner. Love the cheesiness. We ordered so many different things I don't think I fully appreciated each dish because I was so full. We ordered the stuffed hash brown because it was a fan favorite on Yelp. I thought it was okay. It's like warm potato hash inside a giant has brown. The raw oysters were also very small - the last time I had raw oysters was in Boston, so maybe I just had too high of an expectation? My dad loved the creme brûlée, but again, the banana pudding at Barclay Prime is so much better - has more flavor, fresher. 

Overall: I'd give it a 7/10 rating. I don't know if the food is really worth the price. Id probably go back for the onion soup and the Mac and cheese, but this is a steakhouse and I didn't think it was all that special. 

Giving it a higher rating for its service.
Overall, it was an OK experience.  I have been to a ton of steakhouses and I would say this is probably one of my least favorites.  The steak was cooked well but it was kind of plain/dry in flavor.  The Bacon Mac & Cheese and stuffed hash browns, however, were AMAZING.  It was super expensive so I don't think I would really go back for the steak (but I would go back for the sides)
Forgive the short review, but I just had a burger at this place and I need to crawl up under my desk and take a nap Costanza-style. 

Nothing bad to say about this place. Big and strong ambiance -- nice leather booths let you know it's time to get down to some serious business. The burger was excellent - thick and juicy. The 1000 island dressing at the bottom was a... 

sorry i started nodding off. 

It was a pleasant surprise. The fixings were even stellar - crisp lettuce, juice tomatoes and pickle-ly pickles. The fries were not too greasy and the Hoegaarden was a great compliment. 

Now get out of here and go try this place for lunch and turn my office light out when you leave.
My fiance and I had dinner on Saturday night at Butcher and Singer.  Although our original reservation was for 9:30, we called the day before to see if they had any earlier availability, and we were able to move up to 5:15.  Our waitress, Cherry (Cherry Blossom), was absolutely fabulous.  She was very informative, friendly, and always checked on us with a smile.  Cherry made recommendations and was very enthusiastic about our choices.  Waters were always filled and the table was cleared in a timely fashion.  My fiance and I both had the 8oz filet, oscar style, cooked as requested.  The oscar style was delicious with the crab meat, asparagus, and bearnaise sauce.  We split the bacon mac and cheese (didn't finish it because we got full) which was also amazing.  We ended dinner with the baked Alaska dessert - highly recommended.  We will definitely be back for dinner!  Thank you, Cherry!
Never got to eat there since we were turned away at the door!

We made a reservation for a Sunday evening at 8 30PM about a month before.  We were vacationing in Pgh and Philly.  While driving to our hotel in Philly from Pgh that day, we hit the heavy rain which was the remnants of the resent hurricane.  We called the restaurant about 5:30 PM and told the hostess we wanted to push the reservation back by 30 minutes to 9 PM since the drive was taking longer.  The hostess said no probelm and thanked us for calling.

When we arrived for our reservation at about 9:04 PM we were tolf that we could not be seated since it was after 9 PM and the kitchen just closed.  We asked to speak to a manager. A female manager came and said the same thing and them she said "Yes, i know you called, I even asked the hostess why she took a reseravtion at 9 PM on a Sunday since we are closed for seating then"  So they cvould have called us beofer hand to let us know this and they didnt!

We began to question this and the manager VERY RELUCTANTLY said, "well let me go see what the stage the kitchen is in. There may be some things you can torder if they have broken the the grill or cold side, etc...."   We were so turned off by this that while we were waiting we called Mortons Steakhouse about two blocks away and they gladly took our reservation, welcomed us warmly and we had a an awesome meal.

Will never consider Butcher and Singer again!
Dined here with coworkers for a business lunch today around 12:30pm. We had reservations and were seated immediately by the friendly hostess.

The building used to be a bank and they have preserved the gorgeous vintage interior and ambience. Quiet jazz/era music played, and the lighting was just right. Lovely place -- very impressive.

Our server was excellent! Very attentive and careful with a food allergy in our party. Water glasses stayed full.

The menu is not expansive but offers something for everyone from soups and salads to burgers, seafood, and steaks.

We all started with the Onion Soup, which was served piping hot and encrusted in beautifully-toasted cheese on top. I had the Butcher Salad and shared the Singer Fries. The salad is an ideal size for an entree, and packed with complementing textures and flavors (spicy sopressata, hearts of palm, artichoke hearts, red peppers, chickpeas, green beans, pepperoncini, radicchio, celery, etc.)

I finished with the HUGE slice of Chocolate Fudge Cake, which was just OK. I was torn between that and the Lemon Ice Box Pie, which my coworker got; in hindsight, I made the wrong choice. Our server said everything is made in-house, but the chocolate cake didn't impress me.

Start to finish we were all very satisfied overall, and I would certainly go back if given the opportunity.
Everything cooked to perfection! Worth every penny... Oysters , steak, crab cakes , lobster mac and cheese and lobster ... Food heaven
I rarely give out 5 stars, but Butcher & Singer deserves praise. I decided to take my wife here for her birthday. I noted it was her birthday on the OpenTable reservation. The host graciously said happy birthday to her as she completed seating us at our table. No further mention was made. That is until the very end when we finally decided to order some cheesecake (which was very good by the way). They took time to decorate the plate with Happy Birthday! written in chocolate and also had a lit candle. 

The dinner was extremely good. We opted to have a mix of east and west coast oysters followed by the Porterhouse for 2. The oysters were very good, but I must say the steak tasted great and was cooked to perfection. 

I can't believe it took me so long to finally try this restaurant. It is a great place to go for a special occasion or just to have a great steak!
The GF and I have been to Butcher & Singer several times for dinner and have reviewed their Restaurant Week lunch as well. I realized I had never highlighted their dinner on the blog though. So when it was her dad's birthday, I figured it was the perfect excuse to celebrate and cross another Philadelphia institution off the list! 

Bread Service

While you take in the cavernous ambiance of Stephen Starr's Mad Men-era room, a warm ciabatta roll is served with room temp (thank the heavens!) pat of butter. 

Onion Soup au Gratin [$12.50]

The GF was in the mood for French onion soup and this was the perfect iteration. The sweetness of the caramelized onions was well-integrated with the rich broth. The croutons within still had some texture to provide some contrast. The gruyere cheese cocoon? Nothing short of amazing. Pretty sure I scooped up more than my fair share off the GF's plate! Sorry, not sorry! 

Crab Cake [$20]

Butcher & Singer's crabcake was nicely moist, sweet, and thankfully without much filler. The crust on the exterior was spot on. An herbaceous aioli was hidden beneath and the dish came with julienned Granny Smith and a few tangerine slices for bright acidity. 

8 oz. Filet Mignon [$42]

The GF's filet was wet-aged and nicely tender. The steak was well-crusted and seasoned, yielding to the requested medium temp. 

Delmonico [$48]

My delmonico ribeye was a nice hunk of fatty, deicious, medium-rare beef. A perfect contrast in pink tender fattiness and well-seasoned crust. 

Stuffed Hashed Browns [$15]

If you're at Butcher & Singer, you can't *not* order the stuffed hashed browns. It's the perfect side for your steaks. 

We're talking about a huge plate-sized disc of hashed browns, with a well-crisped exterior opening up to a pillowy melange of potatoes, onions, and sour cream. 

Asparagus [$12]

Looking for some greens with your beef? The blanched asparagus are tender, with some bite, and served with hollandaise. Simple, yet classic. 

Baked Alaska [$12]

One of the reasons I love coming to Butcher & Singer on steak nights? The nostalgic Baked Alaska, not oft-seen on menus these days. The bits of banana, orange, browned meringue, and ice cream allow for a wonderful meal-ending bite. 

For dinner, expect a dark and intimate setting that's old school. There are no excess frills like the truffle mac n cheese you might find at Barclay Prime, Starr's other Philly steakhouse. But if you're looking for pure beef enjoyment, I think Butcher & Singer is at the tops in terms of juicy steaks that are well-seasoned.
UPDATE: 9/27/10 - Returned to Butcher and Singer last week for restaurant week and I'm glad to say that nothing has changed - it's still fantastic!!

If I could give this place 12 stars, I would. Quite possibly one of the top five meals I've had ever, and that's saying a lot. I've been to other steakhouses in Philadelphia, but was told that Butcher and Singer was a cut above the rest. This is true. First, when you walk into the expansive restaurant, you feel like you've been transported to another world. Some say it's like a "Mad Men" vibe and I'd have to agree. But you also feel like you are really having an "experience." The waiters are in tuxedos. The lighting is dim. Candles dot the tables. It's just a wonderful, awesome atmosphere. Service is FANTASTIC here. Our waitress was very helpful, very attentive but not to the point of annoyance. The hostess (for lack of a better word) or maitre'd came by all the tables to make sure the food was to our liking (no complaints there). We had a reservation and were sat immediately. Now, onto the food. WOW. I will be dreaming of this meal for some time. I'm not a big steak person, so I'm always reluctant to be taken to a steakhouse. I'm now officially a convert if all steak tastes this melt in your mouth good. First, we received bread. Hot, crispy, delicious.... I knew we were onto something good. My husband and I ordered two salads (Caesar for him and the wedge salad for me). Fresh, crisp, cold and delicious, everything you'd want a salad to be. My only regret was not asking for the russian dressing on the side because the salad was pretty covered in it. But still, very good. For the main course, I ordered the 8 oz filet mignon and dare I say (without getting assaulted), this was the first time I didn't need ketchup or a dipping sauce. I ordered it medium well and it was still melt in your mouth good and not chewy at all. I was so full but had to eat every bite of it. The side dishes were phenomenal. Everyone talks about the hash browns -- and we followed the recommendations and weren't sorry. What an AMAZING dish!! It's like a big hash brown souffle -- super crispy on top and hot and creamy inside, with sour cream and butter. We only ate half of it and took the rest home. It was a ridiculous indulgence, so good!! The side of mushrooms and onions were a perfect compliment to the steak and sooo good, if not a little bit too salty. We were moving on to dessert with friends, so we didn't try any at butcher and singer, but I heard all the desserts are to die for, and if the dinner was any indication, I'm sure this is correct. This place is pricey -- we only went because we had gift certificates -- but I would go back to splurge in a SECOND. It's that good. You'd be crazy not to go back for a truly wonderful dining experience.
Almost 700 reviews. Stephen Starr. Restaurant king. His restaurant in DC ( Le Diplomate) is already one of the Top 100 independent grossing restaurants in the U.S. 
Star and Starr Power...this place is powerfully good.

The blow-you-away interior is a wonderful throwback to an era long ago. Just beautiful.

Group of 12. Let me say....our server...Brian...is one of those rare birds who was knowledgeable, friendly, engaging and just an excellent representative of Butcher & Singer.

As a vegetarian, I was a bit leery of what to expect in the seafood arena.
no worries: great crabcake & tuna tartare.

Sides...all around...loved the hash browns and the spinach.

Desserts: four for the table. Don't miss the Baked Alaska or the Carrot Cake.

Impressive from start to finish.
It is amazing what a difference a year can make. While my experience in 2011 was horrible, my visit this past Sunday was amazing.

Reservations were made to take advantage of Restaurant Week, and my guest and I were extremely impressed with our experience from start to finish.

We arrived 15 minutes before the restaurant was even open, but we were politely greeted by the hostess with a smile, and offered a seat at the bar. Once there, the friendly bartender made me their version of a dark and stormy, complete with homemade ginger soda..which made for quite an incredible cocktail, definitely worth the $12 price.

Once seated, butternut squash soup was ordered as an appetizer. It arrived quickly and well flavored, The soup was smooth and creamy and the perfect temperature. 

The presentation of the entree was sub par, but the taste made up for the terrible presentation. (The salmon was served on a huge plate by itself, and the green beans almandine was served in a side dish - while I know the theme of this restaurant is family style, I felt that in a party of two, the presentation could have been better).

The salmon was flavored in a lemon caper sauce that was to die for. The garlic and butter blended with the green beans almandine was perfection.

For dessert, my guest ordered a chocolate carmel dish that once you stuck your fork into it, the sight of the gooey goodness was enough to let you know that it was going to be quite amazing...which it was. For myself, I ordered an apple cinnamon tart cake that was flavorful, perfectly portioned, and indulgent.

We completed our experience with a regular coffee for myself, and a decaf espresso for my guest...which we both enjoyed to the last drop.

If you are looking for an overall experience in dining, this is the place to be. It is elegant without being extravagant, restful and enjoyable, as you are not rushed through your meal and the service, and the atmosphere and architecture is enough to keep you mesmerized and talking about it for the rest of your evening.
