by george, I think he's got it... even though few others do. 

by george does make homemade pastas, cut to order and homemade sauces, of which I did buy some to fill my pantry, along with fresh and aged cheeses, cut or grated to order. 

Pizzas can be made with whole wheat and the breads, rolls and sandwiches are fresh and very eye appealing, they also sell their freshly made pizza dough. 

They have your typical Italian market delights, like fresh mozzarella balls, roasted peppers and olives. Being in Philly they offer the cheesesteaks, as well as Italian sandwiches. 

They have frozen pastas, like ravioli to take home and fresh Stromboli and calzones, to eat there or take home and bake.  They also do catering and can be reached via bygeorgecatering@comcast.net 

Whatever, let's talk pizza! No matter where we have lived, it has taken forever to find a great pizza shop, that makes what we consider a great pizza. 

We like our crust thin and this is certainly rolled as thin as you can get it. I never thought I would say this, but it could have been a little bit thicker, so that I could pick it up and just bite, but I had to fold it NY style and slide it into my mouth bite by bite.  Still, it was a great slice of pepperoni pizza.

I love a great, non watery seasoned sauce and the sauce was a rich, homemade sauce, even though I would have preferred a few more herbs. The mozzarella was real and strung out with each bite. 

It was early, maybe a quarter til ten in the morning and I have been craving a slice of pepperoni pizza for quite some time. They knew I was coming, as they set that hot pizza, along with the others, on display on the glassed shelf. 

All kinds of great pastas and sauces to look at, many types of pizza on display before my eyes, but I was fixated on that greasy pepperoni pizza and I finally answered with, I'll have a slice of the pepperoni, please! 

A nice sized slice was paddled into their white brick oven and served to me piping hot, I mean mouth burning, five minutes of piping hot fresh pizza and I was so happy, which cost me three dollars and change. 

I was with five others, who thought it was too early for pizza, what do they know, but they walked backwards watching me walk, browse and enjoy my thin crusted, greasy pepperoni pizza. 

My daughter ended up going back for a chicken caesar on an Italian roll, with roasted peppers, caramelized onions and both spinach and romaine lettuce. 

Payback is a bitch, as I walked along side of my daughter and watched her devouring that sandwich.
Located in Reading Terminal Market (across from Iovine's) is By George! It is so hard to walk by without stopping as their Italian offerings are just so mouth watering and smell incredible! 

Is it the best pizza you will have? No, but if you're in RTM and craving a slice, this is where you'll head. The Sicilian was a tad too doughy and dry for my taste and I believe you perhaps should ask for your regular slice "well done" in their neat looking tiled, coal fired oven back there. The toppings were fresh. Veg-heads, stick to Margherita with fresh basil.  

I personally did not taste the sammies including paninis, hoagies and Stromboli, but I can note they were beautifully presented  and completely stuffed in crispy toasted bread I hear is quite amazing. Try one! 

George's offers a rather wide variety of salads from caprese, Greek, meat antipasto, Ceaser and tortellini, to name a few. They all so delish and stopping here for a side portion for lighter lunch or to take home for a side dish for dinner is a good idea! . 

Also there to satisfy your cravings are house made meatballs, chicken parm and creamy piping hot pasta dishes too. Again, I would think of these items to take home for an easy, filing din. 

Friendly, quick service. 
Fair prices. 
10% off to jurors with badge.
3.5 Stars
Fantastic philly cheesesteak experience with By George! Try not to be tempted by the amazing display of pasta and carbs, and stick through the lines for the cheesesteak. I got the cheesesteak with sharp provolone and onions. It took a while to come out but wow once I bit my mouth into that sandwich, I died a little bit.

It is definitely pricier than some other places, but it's huge and they really stack on the meat. I'm the type of person that doesn't like to try the same place twice, but I'd definitely come back for more sandwiches and finally to try the pizza and pasta.
By George! Is a good pizza and Italian food restaurant in the Reading Terminal Market in downtown Philadelphia.  Their prices are reasonable and staff is friendly.  During lunch they are busy so expect to wait a bit.  They offer a great variety of food and pizzas!  Their tomato deep dish is great.  Definitely a place to checkout!
I was in Philly for a conference and I knew that I had to get a cheesesteak. It had been years since I'd visited Philly and I was so looking forward to getting another one of those greasy but delicious sandwiches.

The convention center was close to Reading Market so we ate several meals there. There were a number of cheesesteak booths in the market so we randomly asked one of the market employees which one was the best. We were told it was By George. So, we headed to the back of the market and waited in the lunch hour line to place an order there.

We got a cheesesteak with grilled onions and cheese, along with an order of their fries. After waiting about ten minutes, our order was ready. The cheesesteak was delicious. The beef was tender and seasoned, the cheese was nicely melted and the roll held up well to the large portion of beef and didn't get soggy. The sandwich was huge so it was a great idea to split it. The fries were tasty but they were too limp for my liking and they were extremely greasy.

Although this place doesn't have the best cheesesteaks in Philly, it was definitely good enough to satisfy my cheesesteak craving. If I was stopping by this market again, I would return to By George's.
By George! is one of my staples at Reading Terminal Market. I'm not complicated when I order here, I always order the veggie lasagna and it has always been very tasty, filling and delicious. Layers of mushrooms, tomatoes, peppers, ricotta cheese and a hint of garlic in the sauce bodes for a appetizing meal. However, on 7/15/16, they missed the mark. 

The lasagna was dry and the noodles seemed overcooked. Even the added sauce did not help the dryness.

I'll be back to By George! but today was a let down. Everyone has an off today I guess.
After overhearing one of the servers at DiNic's recommend By George as the place to get a cheesesteak in Reading I decided to give it a try. My cheesesteak order has remained pretty constant since my college days in Philly - a wiz wit. In By George's terms that's a cheesesteak with fries onions and homemade cheese sauce. I heard the servers recommending American cheese but there's just something about that gooey cheese sauce that makes it work so well with the other sandwich components. 

The cheesesteak certainly delivered. It was a mountain of steak with little bits of buttery fries onions interspersed throughout and the cheese sauce was spot on. As others have mentioned, the bread is incredible which could be due to the fact that they also double as an Italian eatery. We also ordered the seasoned fries which were decent but could have been crispier. 

Next time I'm in town I might have to try some of their Italian offerings because they looked and smelled amazing. Also such friendly service!!!!
While at Reading Market, we yelp searched for Cheesesteaks yet again, cause you know, having these meaty, greasy sammies only once just doesn't cut it.  We found By George, read their reviews and decided to jump in line.  

In truth though, my husband was craving the cheesesteak, and I wanted NY pizza.  Fortunately for us, By George offered both, with a steadily busy line on either side. They also had other italian pasta dishes too.

We got a cheesesteak with provolone, no veggies and a slice of pepperoni. 

Our sandwich had a generous portion of meat, wasn't too greasy at all because that sesame roll held well on its own. Our sandwich survived the 4 block walk back to our car, without creating a grease hole through the bag.  I split it with my hubby who seemed to enjoy it thoroughly.

The pizza was good, it definitely was a new york style pizza, but it needed more pepperoni.  Despite the lack of pepperoni, our slice was still pretty dang greasy. 

Overall, we enjoyed our pizza and cheese steak, though with a slight preference for the latter.
The GREAT Philly Cheesesteak debate, shaved or chopped.  I found this place in the Reading Terminal Market, there is more then one but looking at both in the way the food is prepared, the quantity of meat provided and the overall look of the sandwich, this place won my choice for trying.

I am a chopped man for sure and this place was a great find.  They have a variety of selections of steaks from wit to witout, from mushrooms to both mozzarella and provolone on the sandwich, so many different choices.  I go for the traditional as I like to try the original and base my review on that.

I have tried cheesesteaks in many different places but there is nothing like getting one in Philly.  The size of the sandwich was enough for two people to share and was AMAZING. 

Of course in Philly, you ask 10 people and you will get 10 different answers because everyone has their favorite place which I find funny because some people who have a favorite, if you dig a little more you will find they have never tried any other place, so the best I can suggest, try several places and form your own opinion on which one is really the best.

I have a few places I would have like to try and hope to be back there again one day so I can try the places I did not make it to, but what I can say here is, I know what I can get at By George and this will be a place I will be back to.
This review is for the veggie cheeseteak only. Just so we're clear - it's not a cheesesteak, at all! (Other than that it's made on the same grill as the cheesesteaks are.) It's basically an Italian grilled veggie melt. It's HUGE, (two portions worth for me) and it's pretty good (includes roasted peppers, mushrooms, broccoli rabe, onions, spinach & cheese). Would I recommend it for someone who wants a great veggie melt hoagie? Absolutely. Will I come back? Well...the line of people waiting for their orders from here is pretty long and I like to try new options whenever I come to RTM, so unless they upgrade to some vegan steak ingredient addition, probably not, for a while at least.
In the short year plus that I've lived in Philly, I've been to many places that claim they make the best cheesesteak, but are hardly worth mentioning, so I  won't. A couple that are good but not great, are the ones that get most of the tourists: Pat's and  Geno's. The other big tourist draw, Jim's is a bit better but not great. Best to leave all 3 to the tourists.

In the runner-up category; is Shank's Peir 40 at Penn's Landing and Tony Luke's. Both are very good and worth a trip. Tony Luke's bread is fantastic, really compliments the meat/cheese and doesn't get soggy. 

By George in the Reading Terminal however beats out all the others. Cheesesteak heaven! The meat is high quality, fresh, and tasty. I prefer mine with onions and provolone cheese on it. Suggest you get there early. The line starts forming before noon and if there's a convention in town (like the car show today) the lines are longer and the seats in the eating area at the terminal are hard to come by. They're also closed on Sundays. If you haven't eaten at the terminal before, it's a great experience and shouldn't be missed.

Next on the list is Cosmi's, the Yelp reviews are pretty good here so got to try them.
I love all things Italian - food, dessert, wine, men... oh wait... this is yelp... so yes... food...

By George's has Italian food that tastes homemade!  They have Stromboli ($6.25), pizza ($2.75 to $3.50 a slice), pannini's (7.99 each), sandwiches (7.50 each), salads (8.99 lb.), gnocchi, calzones ($6.25)eggplant Parmesan, chicken Florentine, stuffed peppers, eggplant Gorgonzola ravioli, manicotti, a variety of homemade sauces (marina w or w/o meat, sun-dried tomato basil pesto, roasted pepper pesto, Alfredo, white clam, vodka blush, fra diavolo)... the list goes on and on.  

A local Philadelphian directed me here, and my colleague who ate here loved every item.  I had delicious chicken Parmesan with 2 meet balls.  

My mouth is watering as I write this review.  I'm sitting in Houston catching up on my reviews and wishing I had longer to enjoy Philly!
When I was looking for suggestions for a good Phillysteak from the manager at the B&B I was staying at, she suggested Geno's or Pats.   I went to both Yelp pages and saw overall reviews were average or just below average. 

I was curious to see if there were other places with higher averages.   I found Cleavers, Dalessandros, and By George among the choices.    I decided to go to By George which inadvertently led me to Reading Market where they're located. 

It took me some time navigating through the Saturday afternoon madness to find them.   There was a long line of course but it did move relatively quick.

They ran out of a few key ingredients that I wanted for my cheesesteak like mushrooms and onions.   The early bird gets the worm and since I arrived mid afternoon, the last worms were passed out hours before. 

What they did have worked very well though.   The steak itself was very tender and flavored quite nice.    I liked the provolone and bacon pieces as well on it.  The sandwich itself wasn't overly soggy.

Service was decent as well considering the crowds.  Everyone on the team did their particular function well.   If I ever get back to Philly for an extended stay,  I will have to give them another try.    And hopefully get there earlier.
So, even though the lines are huge and you may think it is a overrated place because its at the Reading Terminal but this place is no joke.

I have had their Pizza, Strombolis, Pasta and Salmon, Spaghetti and Sandwich, Broccoli Rabe - the dough is fresh as ever and taste is superb  [couldn't stress enough], along with quality. Nothing here tastes anywhere near bad.

Only one complaint : Mr. Manager [ whoever you are, although I know you] stop being so mean to your employees who are suuuuuper nice and sweet and quit bullying them for no reason. Be nice ! I almost took your counter person home with me, I would have if i could. He was super adorable.
It's excellent when a thin oven-baked pizza crust is covered and cheese and topped with an entire Greek salad...it's even better when this mountain of Greek salad comes with a lofty drizzle of balsamic dressing. 

Crisp, crunchy and charred, the crust at By George! massacres any other brick oven crust. 

Oh...and they take Level Up. FTW.
This is a very mixed review cuz i came here twice in as many days and had very different experiences. The first time, I stuck with the pizza and the second time I decided to try the "new cheesesteak menu". Here goes. 

So the pizza was NY style, which everyone tries to claim. Being from the place, I have to give them their props on a decent slice. Don't get me wrong, this was nothing amazing, but much less removed than the pathetic version we get in San Diego. I got a tomato and spinach, and a tomato, chicken, and spinach slice. I can't comment on their sauce cuz I didn't get a slice with sauce. I love tomato slices! These were pretty good. The dough was a little flimsy on one, and a little thick and doughy on the other. They haven't quite mastered it yet. Could have used some more cheese, but the flavor and seasoning was all there. The crust was reasonably crusty and not too doughy, which was pretty good. Based on this experience, definitely four stars. 

I am not from Philly and definitely not a cheesesteak expert. I know they ask a lot of clarifying questions when you ordered, but from what I know about it, all you really need to tell them is "whiz wit onions" and that should be enough info. So, that's what I told them essentially. The damn thing was enormous, reasonably priced ($7.95 I believe), and smelled amazing. However, when I unwrapped it, it was not on anything that resembled an Amoroso. It was on some kind of baguette type thing with sesame seeds on it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7eDXcZRj4bl8VxPwnRT1ww?userid=obvm_4RP60RCWIllaFN4yQ). Really?! Sesame seeds?! and they weren't even joking. I almost went back and asked for a refund, but I figured I would tough it out. 

The sandwich, as I will call it, was not that bad. In fact, the steak was very, very well seasoned and was very flavorful. Not enough whiz, but that's all good. The first half, the whiz was fine, but the second half, it got a little clumpy, like it wasn't hot enough or something. kinda nasty. However, as anyone from Philly that I have ever talked to knows, the bread makes or breaks it. it was tough, baguette style bread, in contrast to nice, soft, delicious Amoroso. For this experience, they barely get two stars. You do the math. 

I might come back for their pizza, but wouldn't dream of getting another cheesesteak.
When going to Philly, everybody says you have to go to Pat's or Geno's for a cheesesteak. But I would skip both of those and make sure you go to By George! at Reading Terminal Market. 

The cheesesteak I had was huge! And rather than having this big pile of meat sitting there waiting for people to order, their cheesesteak sandwiches are made to order. So when you get them, the bread is warm, the cheese is gooey and melted and it tastes great. 

Definitely worth it.
Solid cheesesteak sandwich. I came here twice and was disappointed the first time. Supposedly they ran out of bread. "Ran out of bread?!" You're a freakin' cheesesteak place, how can you run out of bread?!

Second time around they had bread. YAY for me. I ordered the cheesesteak with mushrooms and American cheese (no whiz here!!!). Got my order to-go and off I went. I opened the wrapper and saw mounds of meat! Now that's what I'm talking about. Then the sandwich fell thru when they forgot to put my mushrooms in my sandwich.

WTF... 

Admittedly, I enjoyed the sandwich less the mushrooms. It was hearty, delicious and plentiful. This cheesesteak is definitely much better than Carmen's in the Reading Terminal.
Been to a few famous and popular spots in Philly for some cheesesteaks, and this Reading Terminal Market vendor is probably my favorite for the classic!

I went with the classic cheesesteak with whiz and onions.  Love the whiz here.  It is beneath the protein so when you bite into the sandwich, after your tongue go through the hoagie, you hit the cheese!  Onions are nicely caramelized, and there's a ton of steak.  It's not dry like many places either.  

I also tried it once with bacon added to it.  Definitely a must if you like bacon to bring it to the next level!

Since this is also an Italian food joint, the cheesesteak with the marinara is solid.  I tried a bit of my coworkers and even though it is heavy with the meat, cheese, and the red sauce, it is one hella savory cheesesteak!  Get it with the provolone!

There's other cheesesteak spots in the market itself, and all with much longer lines than By George.  Save some time and come here!
I have never been a huge fan of Philly Cheesesteaks, but of course I had to get one on my first trip to Philly. By George is in the very cool marketplace, surrounded by other food and drink stalls. They cook the meet on a flat top grill, so it has good heat and texture, and they use real cheese instead of that fake liquid stuff. Plus, their sesame hoagie is excellent. Overall, I get it now, while I still prefer other sandwiches, the meat was delicious and the portion huge. Good spot for your traditional Philly Cheesesteak.
They catered an event for me with cold salads (mozzarella balls, pasta etc.) Very good food and decent prices.  Will use again.  I should clarify - they made the food - but I had to come pick it all up.

Still - a great option.
by george is fine food.  They don't just dabble in everything, they master it: from chicken caesar salad sandwiches, to pannini, from calzone, to manicotti, from casserole, to meatlovers pizza, from stromboli, to cheesesteaks. The by george people are professionals and all have been in the business for a long time.  

The kitchen is always open in plain view, so you can watch the food production line all the way from scratch to your dish.  This is a great marketing approach, because over by one of the entrances to Reading Terminal, all passersby are bombarded by the sights and smells of by george.  Each menu item may be dazzled in freshly cut cheese wheels.  Everything is heated to perfection in a coal fired pizza oven and served to you in tin foil to trap all the heat in. 

Today I would like to open a new yelp category for 6 stars and give it to by george! 

Frequent customers get a stamp card with free lunch when you buy 10.  If you partake in this and order two slices of pizza each day, this works out to $2.73 per slice or so, before tax. Otherwise, it's 3.01 + tax.
I went here to get some marinated mozzarella bllas and tomato salad for an event at my child's school.  The salads were fresh an tasty - but a little high on the prices.

In a pinch, I would go back again.  The pastas looked delicious.
My source for fresh pasta in Center City. Totally worth the premium price. You get to choose what kind of pasta (egg, whole wheat, spinach, ect.) and the cut of noodle you would like. They also have a wide variety of sauces in case you are too lazy to make your own.

The prepared foods are top-quality as well.
Great thin coal oven slice of pizza.  One of the best slices of pizza in the city or in any city for that matter.  Got a cheese slice and a plain tomoato slice - most jerks kill their slices with toppings.  I'm not a jerk.  Don't you be one too.
Things that separate this spot from the countless others in Philly:

-They do NOT offer buffalo chicken cheesesteaks (woe is me)
-They split up the lines depending on what you order (love that)
-The seeded, crusty buns are THE JAM! Holds up to the greasy glory that lies within, more so than some other rolls I've experienced.

Lines move fast, food comes out fresh, and the price is not too different than other establishments. When I'm overwhelmed with the lines at DiNics, Spataros, or Carmen's.... this makes a surprisingly great choice.

I've only had a slice of 'za once, but it was tasty. I prefer the cheesesteaks, personally.
Very good cheesesteak. Would actually go back here! HUGE cheesesteaks, served a wide variety of ways- you can't go wrong.
I came here early September. My then-boyfriend and I were searching for a place to get Philly Cheesesteak without having to wait on a long line. After reading different reviews for popuar Philly cheesesteak locations on Yelp, George was the winner. We went there and order two cheesesteaks. I like how they have a variety of different types of philly cheesesteak. It makes me want to go back and try the other ones. My former boy and I got the cheesesteak with onions and pepper. Really good. Don't get the combo that comes with the drink. It's not worth it. It's a cup of soda that will barely last you. Since it's located in the Reading Terminal Market, there are soda in a can being sold for a $1. Get one of those instead. All in all, I really like this place and will definitely return next time I'm in Philly.
I had come to the market just to sample around here and there, until I got really hangry so I needed to fill my tummy up fast. I got a Chicken cutlet sandwich and a euro Sandwich. My Euro sandwhich was full of flavor and chock full of delicious veggies. It definitely hit the spot! However, the cutlet sandwich was very dry and lacked to provide any flavor. We also asked the cashier to validate our parking so that we could use the voucher for the parking lot next door at the hilton. He told us he validated it, but come time to check out of the lot, they said that he failed to do it correctly. We had to go back to the market and have him re-punch the card. This pushed us over the time limit and we were charged extra. I understand this was due to a medley of crappy events, but this experience tainted my view of By George.
I settled on getting lunch at By George because everything else in Reading Terminal seemed less healthy.  I ordered a piece of salmon and some spinach with sun-dried tomatoes and then made the mistake of also ordering some sort of broccoli rabe coated in garlic.  It was terrible.  The salmon and spinach were fine but nothing special.  Those three things cost me $13 which seems pricey.  Perhaps I should have ordered something greasier since this is a tourist trap and most tourists aren't watching their weight.  Maybe I should have asked one of the Amish people serving food for a recommendation.  Kidding.  I was in Philly for work and I am glad I went to Reading Terminal to check it out but I wouldn't go back for lunch again.
Not all cheesesteaks are created equal--though what I've learned during my Philadelphia visit is that just about every local has their own personal favorite.  Well, I loved the cheesesteak at By George's in the remarkable Reading Terminal Station.  Served piping hot, my sammy with provolone and mushrooms was excellent, especially with a drizzle of pizza sauce recommended by my Philadelphia-born co-traveler.

Also tried the pizza, a it was even better than the sandwich.  There are dozens of amazing food choices at Reading Terminal Station, but for my money and a true Philly experience I would recommend By George's.
I went here for lunch yesterday and ate the "European" sandwich which consisted of roasted eggplant, asparagus, kale, fresh mozzarella, and seasonings on a crunchy multi-grain baguette.  
Pros: The fresh mozzarella was truly delicious and the bread was surprisingly flavorful (I think from toasted sesame seeds)
Cons: This sandwich was incredibly difficult to eat. Like, astonishingly difficult.  It was cumbersome, assembled strangely, and at times I felt like a dog with a chew toy when I was trying to bite through the bread. 

Overall, this sandwich was not worth the effort it took to eat.
So I'm working in the Convention Center and am "limited" in what I can get for lunch on an hour...not really, there is SOOOO much greatness near the Convention Center. But the lure of the Reading Terminal is awesome!

This place ROCKS! HUGE cheesesteaks, served a wide variety of ways- you can not go wrong. I wish I lived in Philly because I'd have to try the fresh pastas and sauces. 

This place is the BOMB!!
When in Philadelphia... gotta go cheesesteak. 

Walked the station this afternoon looking for something different. Though I wouldn't call "cheesesteak" in Philadelphia something different, there was something about this place that drew me into trying their version of it.

I ordered it the way I wanted; steak, cheese, peppers, and mushrooms. The staff was friendly and helpful. As a result of our combined effort, I got a terrific cheesesteak.

I know the competition for this landmark food is high in this town, By George! will not let you down.
If someone asked me where I had the best pizza in Philadelphia, I would have to say it was at By George.  If they then said let's go there now and get a slice.  I would proably have to point out that we're really only going to get their best pizza at lunch time.  If it's later in the day, it's likely the slices have been out there a while.  They don't seem to make any more pizzas after lunch time.  Of course, you could always order an entire pizza to get around this.

There are three changes that I would like to see them make:
1) Open on Sunday.  It can be reduced hours if needed.
2) Mark down your pizza slices when you're closing soon.  It will help you sell what you have left over.  And at the sametime, it's fairer to the customers not to charge the same price as if the pizza just came out of the oven.
3) Offer a vegan pizza.  It would be interesting to see what you could do with some Daiya cheese.  And I would understand you requiring an entire pizza to be ordered instead of taking a slice.

By George is one of my favorite pizza places.  If you haven't been there, you should try them for lunch.
Best cheese steak we've ever had.

My husband and I visited Reading Terminal and knew we were going to get a cheese steak.  Being from Texas we don't have opportunity to eat these sandwiches.  We ordered a traditional sandwich with peppers and cheese, waited for the samwich, and then ate it.  The meat is tender.  The bread was crusty and perfect for the meat and cheese.  The cheese ia definitwly real.  We both agreed it was the best cheese steak we've ever had.

Their ordering system is a product of their environment and confusing for the first timer.  You get in a line to place your order for the sandwich.  Then you attempt to find a place nearby for them to call your order number.  It's difficult to find a place and difficult to hear.  Then you've got to find a place to eat it.
If your hotel room has a small kitchenette or if you are on your way home, Pasta by George offers wonderful homemade pasta and sauces. (They also offer cooked Italian meals). We picked up a marinara sauce with sun dried tomato basil pesto and ricotta cavatelli which was the least exotic of their offerings but one of our favorites. We also bought a nice Parmesan and were on our way to the MIL for dinner after the conference.
I traveled to philly for work. We decided to do some exploring despite the COVID19 pandemic. We wanted to check out Reading Terminal Market since we were hungry. I ordered the beef cheesesteak with mild provolone cheese. The amount of food for the price I paid was a great deal. There was also appropriate amount of beef on the sandwich. However the beef was on the drier side. Usually cheesesteak produces so much juices and is messier when eaten. However the sandwich was dry. No hot sauce was available. Would I return? Probably not.
I thought extremely long and hard before I updated this review because I generally do not bother to write reviews at all (you can clearly see I'm a new yelper) but I am so appalled and discussed at how I was treated that I need to make other patrons aware of what transpired with this business. After placing my order on 10/18/16 with one of the managers at By George, I was called on 10/20/16 to be told that the order I had left a deposit on and had a receipt for could not be fulfilled as it was promised to me. I was told by the manager that two of the items that I was promised should have been priced per person and not at a flat per pound weight. (I was told by the owner when he called me that I twisted his managers arm into giving me a cheaper price) This means that instead of receiving 3lbs of pasta salad for $29.97 and 5lbs of ceasar salad for $39.97 which is clearly what my receipt states, I would only be getting enough to fee 8-10 people when the manager and I clearly discussed that I am hosting an event for 40-50 people. The call to tell me that I would actually be receiving less product than my receipt stated was  insult #1 but to make matters 100 times worse, the owner called me approx 5 mins after I wrote the first review and basically scolded me for writing an unsatisfactory review. He did not call to apologize or to fix my screwed up order but to scold me about the first review I wrote...insult #2. Then to make matters a 1000 times worse, the owner says to me "well you have been corresponding with me, via your work email so I assume this order is for your job so I'm going to call and speak with the owner of your company about how you conduct business"..... Insult #3. (I placed this order for a personal event that my fiance and I are hosting BTW). The owner of By George  literally called my office and spoke with two of my employees and proceeded to get in contact with my supervisor to cause trouble and tell her about an order I placed that had absolutely nothing to do with my job....insult #4. To say that my service and interaction with the owner of By George was the most unethical, most unprofessional experience I have EVER had is an under statement of epic proportions. I am literally mortified that any business owner would conduct themselves in such an unsatisfactory,  unprofessional and distasteful manner.
By George's! Serves An excellent cheesesteak and it consistent! I've been here at least 5 times and the cheesesteaks (and chicken cheesesteaks) and flavorful and gooey. The fries are also crispy and warm, the perfect compliment to the cheesesteak!
IMO, the best pizza in the city. When I worked in Center City I went at least once a week for a slice or 2. All of their ingredients are fresh and  the tomato sauce is delicious. Highly recommended.
The line was confusing and no direction was being given. The employees looked miserable and were not friendly. We ordered at 4:45 on a Tuesday night, and we were disappointed that their fryer was already turned off. It says online and on their menu that they are open until 6...and it doesn't say that includes a limited menu. We were also surprised that the sandwiches came on sesame bread. After realizing, I went to request regular bread to transfer one of our cheese steaks.

It's a big sandwich if you want quantity.  I had a regular beef cheese steak, hubby has the pizza cheese steak, and our son had rigatoni. We all walked away disappointed.
Pizza steak was the best! Way better than DiNic's and Jim's.
By George! has been there for me through every lasagna hankering I have ever had.  For that alone, I would be a big fan.

With a prime location right near the entrance of Reading Terminal Market, By George does a booming take out business with a menu of diverse Italian favorites ranging from slices to cold salads to fresh pastas and sauces to cook at home.  I ignored them for years figuring they probably skated by on location and were not very good.  I don't know what ever gave me that idea, but I am glad I got over it!

Their pizza is not the best in the city, but it is actually very good.  I have only had a few of the veggie salads, but they have all featured crisp (not overdone) veggies with an appropriate amount of yummy dressings.  They are also one of the few places that I have found that does excellent take-out lasagna.  The giant slab they give you would be enough to delight Garfield.  My husband seems to really like the chicken parm that I get for him when I'm having personal lasagna night, and the staff always fills the container to capacity with the "side" of linguini.

The service is quick and friendly.  The prices are great.  If you want to enjoy no-effort, delicious homestyle Italian food, but don't have a little Italian grandma to call on, give By George a try.
i don't care what anyone says, this spot has the best cheese steaks in philly!  properly situated in the reading terminal market, where you will find pleasure in partaking in all of the joys of an eclectic farmers' market!  thank me later...
I didn't realize Hershey's makes their pizza sauce!
Food: 3.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 3

Pretty good cheesesteak spot in Reading Terminal. Longer lines, and a tad pricey, but a satisfying meal.
Philly comfort food heaven! By George is a bedrock of the RTM. We had: a classic cheesesteak "with"; a cheesesteak without the bread (one of us is gluten-intolerant); a veggie sandwich i.e. roasted peppers, provolone, broccoli rabe, fried onions -- gooey heaven although I think I'd skip the onions next time, just makes it too messy -- and a slice of plain pizza. It was our best eating in a week-long vacation in Philly and the Jersey Shore.
Delicious pizza! They had sooo many yummy food items to choose from but I decided to try the eggplant pizza- a slice of it. Red sauce, cheesy with roasted eggplant - yummmm. It hit the spot after a long day of walking around philly. Friendly staff too :)
Fresh pestos.  Fresh pasta.  Nice people and all found in the famous Reading Terminal Market.  I get a Roasted Red Pepper pesto from By George that I just can't get enough of.  By George is also where I first ever saw a nut pesto which encouraged me to make almond pesto a year ago.  Greaaaaat old world flavor you'll enjoy...Thanks George!
SO MUCH BETTER THAN JIMS. They have a combo here for a cheesesteak and fries for $12.50. The Philly cheesesteak here is smothered in cheese. It's not dry. Not too greasy. One of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had! If you're in the reading terminal market check this place out!
I got the Chessesteak Combo with onion rings.
The onion rings are on-point - that's why they are $4.50.
The fries are the regular kinds, but what was upsetting was that they charged extra for cheese without notifying me until I saw the receipt.

The Terminal Reading MArket is a chaotic place and space is limited so the organizing skills is bad.  Felt like an upgraded fast food joint.

Anyway, the taste of the food is a bit dry but the amount of meat that they gave is a lot so two people can eat a regular sized cheesesteak hero.
I had a slice here today. O.M.God it was good. Not Philly-good, mind you. Actual-good. The sauce had a bit of kick, and the vegetables were added perfectly: a few nice big pieces - not a bunch of little scraps so it's falling out all over the place. It could have done with another minute in the brick oven, but I'm looking forward to return to sample the many other slice options.
Philly is meant to be the home of cheesesteaks and yet this place was beyond subpar. The service was slow and there was a line which made us belief that the food had to be great but boy were we disappointed. We did not find the meat to be well seasoned and the bread seemed to be on the hard side. This was all topped by service that seemed to be on the I do not feel like being at work side. I will not be returning.
I had a slice of plain pizza and By George today @ the Reading Terminal market and its probably the best I've had next to Lorenzo & Son Pizza on South St. The pizza was good and the service was fast and friendly even though we had a 5 minute wait time because of how busy Reading Terminal Market is. Overall I would recommend it for a quick and cheap bite for lunch.
I've shopped at Iovine Bros for years and finally decided to try By George! today for the first time. It always looks delicious and had tons of great reviews, but I wasn't impressed with my chicken parm platter with baked ziti. It was fine - standard pizza shop fare. Nothing special at all. The chicken tasted like regular old fried grease. The ziti was fine. 

I only ate half for lunch and then the rest for dinner. It tasted a little better this evening. Still, it's mediocre at best. Maybe some of their other dishes are better, but I'm not sure I'll spend my money there again with all the other great options in the city. Plus, my own cooking is way better. 

I realize Reading Terminal Market is the place to go for tourists to try all kinds of food under one roof. Since I'm not a tourist and have a foodie palate, I'll stick to my tried and true favorites.
I and my whole family got cheesesteaks here on Saturday because the line everywhere else was so long. I am so glad we did. This is the best cheesesteak I've had yet in Philly. Better than John's Roast Pork and Prince's by far. For 9 bucks you get about 3/4 pound of beautiful beef scraps with your choice of provolone or American. The ~12" seeded rolls on which they come are phenomenal. They are soft and allow the meat to play the leading role in this culinary masterpiece. The fried onions I got also played quite well well the oozy cheese and slightly crisped beef.

If you're looking for a great cheesesteak in a bustling Philly setting come to By George! These guys do it right. This is a huge sandwich, so you might want to share the glory with somebody else. I don't give five stars very often, but when I do, the food is incredible.
The worst catering experience I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. I went to the location and placed an order and left a deposit and 3 days later I get a call from the manager saying that the owner did not want to sell me two of the items that the manager misquoted at the price that the manager misquoted me on. If your employees make a mistake with something, you don't go back to the customer asking for more money, you handle that within your company as to not dissatisfy the customer. Warning!!! Don't ever, ever get catering from this company. They will take your money and then call you back asking for more money when they made a mistake.
I was severely disappointed by this place after reading the reviews.  

I waited all day to try a cheesesteak and when I got there 1 hour before they closed, the male cashier rudely looked at me and said no more cheesesteaks for the day.  I looked behind him and a cook was cooking a large fresh batch of meat for cheesesteaks??? Very odd.

Ok, I'll try some of their pizza.  I walked to the side and said excuse me to one of the girls working the area. Ok no answer, I'll try again, no answer again?  Third time and still no answer?  She just walked away like she didn't even see me.  I should have went elsewhere at this point but I still wanted to try a slice of pizza because it's what they're known for and I'm from out of town.

After finally getting another girl to assist me (even though her customer service skills could use a lot of work), I then ordered a chicken parmigiana hot sandwich and a slice of their pepperoni pizza.

I was starving at this point and dug right in.  The pizza tasted old and not fresh at all. The chicken parmigiana sandwich was even worse. Dry chicken that tasted a few days old.  I couldn't even eat the dry bun it came in. Such a waste of money.

Very rude staff and old food here.  Do yourself a huge favor and go to the Dutch Eating Place at the other side of the Reading Terminal Market.  MUCH better friendly service and FRESH food there.
Disappointed with the soggy pasta. The meatballs were great though. It's more a tourist palace to eat than a local. Seems they don't care enough to bring their best. I am sure they could better. I won't order the pasta anymore but the meatballs I will.
The pizzas are expensive, but really good with higher quality ingredients.  I've also had their prepared sandwiches, and also their hot prepared Italian meals.  A favorite here is the chicken parm.  They also sell fresh mozzarella, antipasti, and other homemade salads.  

I haven't been disappointed with anything I've ever purchased here.  This section of the RTM can get very crowded, so be patient.  There's separate lines for pizza and anything else.
Today I'm playing tourist guide, having dragged these upstate New Yorkers to the flower show and now to the Reading Terminal Market. Of course, they are clamoring for cheesesteaks, so Tourist #1 follows his nose and we end up here. I couldn't decide between some of their Italian pasta specialties (which would've been a faster option) or a cheesesteak (made from scratch). In the long run, since we weren't in a rush, we all chose cheesesteaks - one with broccoli rabe, one with mushrooms and onions, and another just plain.  Tourist #2's arm nearly went numb with the weight of bag of three cheesteaks.  I didn't pay for the meal, so I'm not sure how much everything cost, but these had to be among the biggest and meatiest cheesesteaks I've ever ordered.

It took me 3 meals to finish mine! Really good, and the fact that the Tourists didn't have to add salt or pepper or ketchup to them says a lot since this couple loves salt, pepper and ketchup.
Although it was our plan to try both Pat's and Geno's for an authentic cheesesteak while in Philad'a, upon the advice of the concierge at our hotel, we did not venture out to either of these places.  And I am soooo thankful to her for steering us away from those "tourist traps".  We ended up finding our own way inside of the Reading Terminal Market.  Upon entering the building during a weekday lunch time, we saw a veritable ocean of people.  Given the crowds, we stopped at the first place we passed that had "cheesesteaks" on their menu board, and we ordered one cheesesteak (to share) with onions and sharp Provolone.
We then waited across from their order counter for our number to be called up amidst the stream of people.  Next, we found a couple of chairs open to sit down at a table and tear into our sandwich.

Oh my, Dog!  I was launched into a tasty sandwich heaven (!), a place previously unknown to me.  The sandwich was piled with thinly sliced beef prepared on the griddle with plenty of onions and then topped with a melted sharp Provolone - all on a long and narrow sesame-seeded roll.  It was pure and excellent.

Out there, they say the bread/roll makes all the difference.  I'm going to believe that for the time being.

Now, how am I gonna go about getting a fantastic cheesesteak here in the St. Paul/Minneapolis area?

I will definitely return to this very spot for another cheesesteak during my next trip to Philadelphia.
I had lunch at By George yesterday, and the food was DISGUSTING.  How this place ever got any good reviews is beyond me.  I had the chicken parm sandwich.  It had an enormous hunk of chicken, must have been at least an inch and a half think, not a cutlet, and it was tough and chewy.  Breading on the chicken parm was soggy and mushy, as was the roll.  My companion had a chicken cheese steak that he said was mediocre at best.  Avoid this place.
I used to think their cheesesteaks were fantastic, but when I went back a couple of times I realized I was either crazy the first few times I had them or the quality really went downhill. After my last cheesesteak and veggie cheesesteak, I don't think I'd try them again.
Their cheesestake is HUGE!

So good, so yummy, so messy...so big.  You're guaranteed to bring the other half home unless you're a bottomless pit.
One of my favorite places to eat in Reading Terminal! I normally get their veggie sub. Lots and lots of grilled veggies. It cost to add cheese. I normally opt out. Their pasta is also quite tasty. The subs are more than enough for two people. I wish they had an option to get half. Can't ever finish the whole thing and feel quite wasteful. It's a little less than $10 for the veggie sub. 

The staff is always pleasant. This place is definitely a hotspot, so can fee rushed at times. They have big glass displays and the menu overhead. Make sure you know what your want before getting in line. Enjoy!
$3.75 for cheese and $4.25 for a specialty slice. This place is simply a reliable and delicious pizza find. Each time I have come to RTM I thought that I would eat somewhere else... but I just end back here.

What can I say? I love me some pizza.
4 stars for the pizza and antipasti. 3 stars for the cheese steak and fries. So ... we'll just give them 4 stars.

~~~~ 

Located across the way from Iovine Bothers Produce in Reading Terminal Market, By George Pizza, Pasta, & Cheesesteaks may have a generic, overproduced name, but the grub on offer is homemade and for the most part, on point.

Their pizza is pretty good and they've got quite the variety of specialty pies. The Italian antipasti, salads, and apps are fresh, if not a bit pricey. 

To accommodate the lunchtime rush, they've also got a bevy of specialty sandwiches.

Homemade marinara anyone?

Or some freshly made pasta?

Heck, they even make croutons! 

But let's get on with the food! When I saw an offer for a cheese steak combo, I knew I had to give them a try.

Cheese Steak Combo ($12)
Cheese Steak, Small Fries

The cheese steak was pretty decent here. There was plenty of chopped steak in this sandwich, though it was a bit dry from being on the flattop too long. Regardless, the meat was well seasoned and filled with fried onions. The Carangi roll was fresh and the sharp provolone provided some necessary funk to the cheese steak. However, keep in mind - there's a dollar add-on if you're going down the provolone route, though it's not advertised nor was I informed. Slightly annoying.

The fries are cooked in peanut oil. However, by the time I brought them home (and perhaps some fault lies in this), they were damp and slightly soggy - not exactly crisp.

White Slice ($3.75)

The pizza at By George is pretty damn delicious though. The white slices in particular are a favorite of mine, with a chewy crust.. Garlic is nicely highlighted amidst all of the cheese.

If you're looking for Italian eats or decent pizza and are near RTM, be sure to check out By George. If you need some antipasti, this is the place to get a wide variety of them as well.
I had the Chipotle Cheesesteak.

Seriously good stuff! I wish I had more time to come back and try the pasta they make. It looks like it's all homemade.

The guy who too the order was very cool and helpful. I walked the Reading Terminal looking for breakfast and decided that a Cheesesteak would be the best option on my last day in Philly.

I highly recommend this place and pretty much anything in the reading terminal.
The sandwich is large. I only got through about a third of it.

Philly cheesesteak with provolone - overall a little bland. Meat was cooked well but the bread was a little dry and because there was no condiments it was a little one tone
Amazing cheesesteak,but the sweet potato fries were too greasy. Quick friendly service.
Visiting from out of town- there are many options for cheesesteak- we could have gone to the two famous places- but we went with something close by and had no regrets- although no cheese sauce- we got it with American- they are huge and filled full- we split one- very cheesy and tasty- chewy roll- we added grilled onions- also love the old bay seasoned fries- very enjoyable and staff friendly- we timed it perfectly and no long lines
I ordered the pizza cheesesteak, and it was dry and didn't have any cheese! Or none that I could see. This was my second visit to By George, and the first time was really good. I was raving about it! I called in to complain and the guy who answered acted like he couldn't hear me and hung up on me! I called back immediately and they let it go to voicemail. I left a message, so I'm hoping someone will have the decency to return my call. I live out of state and I had plans on bringing my mom here next month. I am so disappointed in the lack of effort and professionalism. Please check your order before leaving because I was confident that I would have a similar experience from my first visit. I am attaching a pic of the same sandwich, so you can see the difference! Poor customer service and poor quality! Not worth $12!
This is the best cheesesteak In Philly located in the reading terminal market. Bread is super fresh, meat is juicy and delicious and the cheese selection is awesome. The best is the homemade cheese sauce, you can tell it's homemade and isn't some "whiz". Don't get me wrong philly, I do love a "whiz wit" but this steak takes the cake for me!

Go there, order one with homemade cheese sauce and caramelized onions, you won't regret it!
Stopped by here on my lunch break the other day and ordered a slice of tomato pie. It was a huge end piece (my favorite) which had an airy dough crust which toasted up in the oven crispy before they served it. The sauce had so much flavor, and was a tad sweet. This is my new favorite tomato pie!!
I crave the tomato pie from By George. This would be on my last supper tray. Sweet sauce, perfect crust, not too doughy. Insanely good. I'm Addicted. 

The line is long but moves quickly. I've also tried the cheesesteak Stromboli which is outstanding along with their grilled chicken and Caesar salad. That chicken is seasoned to perfection. Superb. 

Don't shy away from the line and don't miss this little gem tucked in the south east corner of the market. The very best place to eat in my book. Everything is fresh and wonderful. 

I only wish they partnered with grubhub or cavier to deliver. I'd pay extra.
Walked around the reading terminal and decided to try the Philly cheesesteak here. Husband got it with egg inside. Pretty good! Maybe not our favorite, but it was still really satisfying. Bread was just a little too hard for our liking.  But there was a lot of meat stuffed inside, with lots of melted cheesy goodness. 

We were there pretty early on a Tuesday morning, so there was no line. Walked right on up and ordered. Food came out quick too!
You guys. Seriously. YOU MUST TRY THE VEGGIE STEAK. Look, I am not even a real vegetarian, and on the past Saturday when I was touring the market with family, I was seriously on the verge of breaking down and ordering something meaty like the rest of them - delicious meats were all around, and the smell from By George was SO tempting. But wait a minute: at the last second I spied a small, unassuming sign inviting me to "Try Our Veggie Steak", with a huge list of delicious veggies underneath. I realized that this list wasn't an "options" list, it was literally a list of ALL THE THINGS that the sandwich contained, and it was MASSIVE: mushrooms, broccolini, red onion, spinach, bell peppers, hot peppers, and SO MANY MORE - I can't even remember, it was a huge list. And the list included cheese. I was sold. My dining companions got their cheesesteaks, and I got my veggie steak (promptly prepared before our eyes), and we retired to the central tables to judge for ourselves. O. M. G. Within a bite, I knew this was one of the sandwich highlights of my life. It was stuffed, over stuffed even, with goodness. Melty cheese. Perfectly sauteed veg. ACTUAL SPICE. Like, legitimately hot peppers. I promise you, this is a sandwich that needs no meat. No exaggeration. By George, I will be seeing you again soon - get the veggies ready!!!
A slice of cheese pizza in the brick oven is delicious!! It's a little on the pricey side for just a slice of cheese but it is pretty darn good! The crust was so crispy and they have good sauce and cheese. If the price was a little cheaper, I could give it another star.
OMG love this place. Their cheesesteaks are the best in the city. I like to go with someone else and get a regular cheesesteak with onions and cheese and a veggie cheesteak (all different grilled veggies with cheese) and split. So tasty!
I was in philly yesterday attending the auto show.Since I did not want to freeze like a human popsicle eating at pats,geno's or tony lukes,I took a short walk across the street to the reading terminal market.I went to by george for a philly steak.It was good.Its not like the places I mentioned above but a great steak sandwich.I would return back
On a recommendation from a local we got cheesesteaks from here. We ordered one with peppers & onion and one with mushroom & onion. Both with provolone cheese. I would say this is a hidden gem in the sea of the vast market area. The sandwiches had a ton of filling in them, cooked just right to where the veggies did not turn to mush, cheese melted to a consistency that coated the whole thing. I would recommend you grab your cheesesteak here if in the market
For a bite to eat. Order it the way you like, if questions they will help you make the best choice for an awesome cheesesteak experience. You will not be disappointed. This will be on my must come back to eat at list for Philadelphia.
After wondering around Reading Terminal Market in search of a good cheesesteak I found a few options and decided on By George.  The line was pretty reasonable compared to some others and the staff was very friendly in taking my order.  Within a few minutes my cheesesteak was ready.  

I found a seat and opened dug in.  The cheese steak was cooked perfectly and was nice and moist.  The American cheese was just the right amount and really made the sandwich.  The bread was nice and soft too.  

My wife tried one of the competitors so we could compare and Georges was the winner.
Loved it! Fast service! My only issue would be the lack of seasonings on the meat, but I probably should have gotten some additional toppings on it as well. I could really only eat half. Great portion of food, all ingredients fresh and the bread was perfect. It just lacked that something special.
Best pizza in my life I go here every Saturday it's very clean ,  the only thing they need to do is to label all of the things that they use peanut oil for because it's not listed and some people it can be deadly , other then that they also have great meatballs and Eggplant Parm. And Italian sandwiches.  A must when your in Philly
Remove small children from the viewing area.  Get Brittney Spear's song, 'Ooops I did it again' song in your head ---- Oops, by George, did it again they play with my taste buds like I was their puppet Oops they did it again ---  Thank you, thank you very much.  The pastrami cheesesteak holy mackerel.  This is a collaboration done awesome!!  J Cole you are my mashup spiritual guide!!  If you love cheesesteaks and you love pastrami and you love dijon and you love pickles, go directly to Reading Terminal Market and get the by George pastrami cheesesteak.  This collaboration works perfectly together.  This is like a 500-piece Orchestra playing Perfect Harmony.  I've exhausted my vocabulary and descriptive words so you'll just have to go try for yourself.
Located inside the Reading Terminal Market, they offer a wide range of items for a quick bite to eat. 
The pizza was very good.  Slices were huge.  Service was fast and friendly.
The opening day of the Philadelphia Flower Show and being Saturday, The Reading Terminal Market was very very crowded when I visited. There was a long line on both sides of the stall. We were served quickly by a friendly staff. I chose their Milano sandwich which they heated up. Also had  a side of fries with cheese. 
9.25
Milano
Genoa Salami, Provolone Cheese, Prosciutto, Fresh Tomato, Caramelized Onions & Balsamic Vinegar on an Italian Seeded Loaf. 
This combo was very tasty especially heated up a bit. Two of us shared this sandwich for lunch and although delicious and satisfying enough it could have used a bit more fillings hence the 4 stars. The big tub of fries topped with the homemade cheese hit the spot.
Tip: cheese goes to the bottom so stir it up. 
Have to try their cheesesteak and pizza next time.
Unfortunately I have experienced racial remarks and rude verbal usage during my trip to Reading terminal. We have ordered our food and waited for almost 30 minutes. Our food did not come out and have seen people behind us receiving the orders. Asked when our food is coming out. Yells out wait. Heard murmuring damn Chinese people. I am not Chinese but I did not want to correct him cause my youngest daughter was with me. The food was good but I can't help the horrible service I have received
Excellent. I couldn't do another cheesesteak but the By George cheesesteaks look legit. Great bread and a lot of meat. I went with the chicken parmesan. LARGE pieces of fresh white meat chicken breast covered in sauce and cheese. This is one of the better chicken parm's I've had. Anywhere. When the customer next to me saw my sandwich he asked what it was. He then changed his order from a cheesesteak to a chicken Parmesan. Excellent, fresh, delicious on perfect bread rolls. Kudos By George... Kudos. 
See you in a couple weeks when I'm back in town!
Don't let the neon glow of cheesesteak signs fool you, this isn't a tourist trap. The consistent line wrapped around the place is a tell tell sign this place is sure enough to be a crowd favorite in the reading terminal. 

The pasta, especially the lasagna looked amazing but had to stay focused on my mission: have one of Philly's top cheesesteak and live to tell the tale of it to my fellow yelpers. 

We tried both the original cheesesteak with peppers and the Buffalo chicken cheesesteak. 

The original cheesesteak was a melt in your mouth with the juu of the steak cover the palate in an umami bomb of greasy cheesy goodness in all the right ways. The peppers helped cut the some of the grease, in hindsight adding some hot peppers to add some acidity would have made this 4 star into a 5. 

The Buffalo chicken was good, albeit a bit on the dry side. The chicken was well seasoned and went well with the Buffalo sauce. Not sure why it's a must try dish on Yelp but it was a solid 3 star in my book. 

Overall, if you're looking for a good cheesesteak and want to go to the reading terminal. George's won't disappoint. P.S. the lasagna looked really spectacular and was ordered a lot by people in front of us.
The service is not great (guy at the counter carried on an elongated personal conversation with the customer in front of me with no care of concern for the people waiting in line), but the food is definitely good. The fries were really good and well seasoned.  The cheesesteak was not seasoned quite as well, but the roll was chicken full of juicy steak and it certainly satisfied my appetite.
While I was walking around the market and visiting philly, I decided to get a cheesesteak...of course, because I am a freaking TOURIST!
Cheesesteak here is good but I am not rating this place by what I ate. I am rating this by what my gf got...a Veggie cheesesteak. OMG, it was so good and so flavorful; no amount of additional meat will make the meaty version better thAn this. This veggie cheesesteak has a nice spicy taste to it to make it more smoky and rich. Okay, some of you would say that no meat = not a cheesesteak. Ok, but it was a f__king good sub that you will need to try, even if you are undertaking some kind of war on vegetable....
Don't get me wrong, the Philly cheesesteak was excellent, but I paid $18 for one with a drink and not a lot of fries. So if you're willing to splurge then I'd say it is worth trying. No place to wait for your order except a very crowded wall.
Pizza cheesesteak! In retrospect, it was one of the better cheesesteaks we had, even compared to Pat & Geno's! This arm length roll is stuffed silly with meat and the pizza flavor is introduced in the tomato sauce and onions. Delicious! 

Their other offerings stand proudly behind the display glass, tempting me to gluttony with their aromatic smells and bright colors. If only my stomach could take more without it going to my waist!
