My friend and I were out on Friday night watching March Madness hoops at a Rittenhouse-area bar when we made a couple new friends.  When the games ended, the guys insisted on a late night trip to nearby Byblos.  I will be the first to admit that I never would have walked into Byblos on my own accord, but since I wasn't buying and we were having a pretty good time, I went along for the ride.  

The place was packed and a table was out of the question.  As luck would have it, a group at the bar got up and left just as we made our way over.  Other yelpers have stated that the crowd is an interesting mix of attractive people and I have to agree.  

Our ringleader ordered a round of beers and a hookah.  The smoke was peach flavored, and the effects were much stronger than I had anticipated.  For a place I had always turned up my nose at, I was really digging it.  

While this was probably a one-time-only visit for me, I enjoyed the experience a lot and would recommend an evening at Byblos to anyone looking for something totally different from the regular scene.
As a hookah pro- This is my least favorite hookah spot ever!  First of all, their flavor menu is very extensive and EXPENSIVE as well. The hookah itself is ok for fist-timers, but paying $30 for flavored tobacco hurts me a lot!

The seating not so comfy and the music is very loud that you can't actually hear people talking. Also, the service is a hit or miss, in most days Byblos is crowded  with pretentious clientele and the service get slowER! 
All in all, 2 stars for the Hookah bar since I haven't dine there!
Two Yelps!
So much hatred for this place, and I know why!  Sure, it's always crowded (it's a bad thing if you want a seat, but don't you want something people like going to?), but I had a good time.

Me and my friend originally tried to go to Shouk first, but that place was closed down.  So we just decided to go to Byblos.  We go in, ask the waitress for the last table outside.  She seemed like it was bothersome, but who cares?  We get menus, and decide on the mixed fruit hookah and a makers on the rocks and a dewars on the rocks (8.50 each, 20 for hookah).  We get them in about 5 minutes, and just enjoyed people watching (there were a ton of people going in/out of Vango and walking the streets).  

The waitress didn't come back really for a bit, the people next to us were mid 40s but acting like they were 22, the drinks on the rocks tasted watered down, and we were sitting in a corner, but you know what?  It wasn't hot/humid, we were feelin good from the hookah, and it was just fun to hang out/people watch.  I couldn't really complain too much from the night, it was just so relaxing after a long work week.  Just go there without an agenda, chill out, and let the hookah do its job.  People watch, talk with good company, and enjoy Philadelphia.

Paid 70 for 4 bourbons on the rocks and a hookah including tip.  

People complaining about $8.50 for a drink should realize they're in a niche market (not many hookah bars in Rittenhouse in such a populated area) and that they're in Rittenhouse.  If you want cheap drinks, go to Drinkers.  I'm not happy about paying $8.50, but I realize the spot I'm in.
One word: SKETCH

Despite the moth-eaten blanket thrown over what I bet is a cover for dubious activities of some sort, the food isn't bad. We mistakenly ordered cocktails: not only were they barely palatable (think something served in a red plastic cup) but they also charged us three dollars more per drink than the prices clearly stated on the menu. The staff were largely inconsiderate and made us feel as if we had stumbled into a secret operation or conspiracy that they were forced to delay until we finished our decent (but incomparable to other places in this genre) meals. 

I can only imagine the crowd this place attracts on weekend nights when, if you live in the neighborhood, you have to navigate crowds on the sidewalk outside that bring back memories of misadventures at college frat parties.
So I recently turned 21, and my friends know how much I love hookah, and when they decided that we should have a night out ih Philly they wanted to take me to this place. Well, when I arrived at Byblos, there were absolutely no seats for me to sit on because the people at the table next to us had taken all the extra seats, so I was sitting with one cheek off on the bench. When I finally got our waitresses attention (which was a test in of itself) I asked her if there were any extra stools to sit on and if there weren't it wasn't a problem. She had the nerve to blantly sigh and just walked away! I ordered one of their special martini's which was $11 dollars and had hardly any alcohol in it. You would think an 11 dollar martini would get you the least bit tipsy. Also, my other friend ordered a diet Coke... $5.50... ridiculous. My friend had a coupon for a hookah which made our waitress gives us another sigh, and when we got out hookah it was very harsh and the shisha seemed like it was getting old. My good friend owns his own hookah lounge and I have gotten to be kind of a hookah snob. My advice... don't go here. Buy your own hookah. Enough said.
I was taken to dinner here for my birthday by two wonderful friends, so I hate to not give a rave review. But I would have had a great time with them even if we went to McDonalds. 
We arrived before 7 p.m. and there was already house music blaring. Or at least we thought it was House until we realized the record had been skipping for hours and no one had noticed. The food was OK - spanakopita, hummus, dolmades - fair, I've had better and worse. The waitress told us we really had to try this cheese dip. It was like the leftover American Cheese stuck to my toaster, but flambed with a flair. 
We did not partake in the hookahs. I just dont see the appeal behind smoking tobacco out of these things. In fact, I dont think the contraption's creators had this in mind. As quoted from an interview in a college newspaper article I wrote many years back, "Bongs don't make potheads - potheads make bongs." But I digress...
For better varieties of Middle Eastern food I prefer South Street Souvlaki, Kanella, Effie's - even the Israeli falafal joints. I do think this place has potential - maybe they just need a kick in the dolmades.
A couple of friends and I went here on a thursday cause we were craving hookah, and I will never go back. We had a coupon for a free hookah, which apparently the waitress resented. (If we're going to get an attitude for a coupon from your site, then why give out the coupon?). 
I don't want to spend a lot of time on the review because they don't deserve it. The hookah was ok, the drinks were horrible, my diet coke was flat and cost $5. And our waitress was a spiteful whore. If she smiled once I must've not noticed it. She was demanding, inconsistent, and an idiot. The hookah is also over $20. Ridiculous.
The only positive was that my friend Amanda D. walked in with a beer in her bag by accident, got it confiscated, then when we left, she swipped it off the stoop outside. She's gangsta.

Don't go here. Buy your own hookah.
"Customer is King"? - Not here you're not!

An experience with a story worth telling. But don't be mistaken - it's not a happy one.

It's four in the afternoon and I'm looking for a flashlight. Where am I? I just walked into Byblos, aka Sketch City. International drivers licenses are not accepted here. Please bring your passport. So they will give you hookah - for which you need to be 18, but not alcohol. So they do accept it partially, but not to a full extent. First absence of logic. And if one person is (according to them) under age, no one at the table can drink alcohol. As we were - not surprisingly - the only ones in this palace of sh*t, we asked for a little more light. We were rudely explained that  "yeah, they don't do that here".

So no alcohol. Espresso? "No, no expresso". Leaving us with the choice of what's left in the filter of a drip coffee pot and labeled "Turkish coffee", a Lipton tea bag with some warm water, energy drinks, or ice water - but I wouldn't hold my breath while waiting on that to arrive at the table. After about 30 minutes of trying to get a badly prepared hookah to work, the waitress finally came over to lecture us a little on how to do it right. Apparently dropping the coal and almost burning your customers is "doing it right". It came down to just using a second coal. We then had a badly working Hookah using two coals. Fail.
After our "how to do hookah correctly" lecture, but were also insulted by the owner himself that we should have paid more attention in history and geography class. Pardon me for being surprised when hearing about Lebanon's ski resorts. The waitress continuously made snarky comments about our age and attitude. She continued to complain to her colleagues about us in a very obvious manner. At one point the AC that was right by our heads was turned on full blast. It was freezing cold when 15 minutes later the waitress said "oops, I meant to put it on heat".

10 + 1 Reasons to go to Byblos:
1. If you are looking for a really, really, really, really bad time.
2. If you are looking for someone to push your buttons and piss you off.
3. If you have self-esteem issues and like being treated badly.
4. If you are opening a business and need an example of what NOT to do.
5. If you like the taste of the most horrible coffee out there.
6. If you enjoy smoking bad hookah.
7. If you are a couple and like it when people flirt with one of you in the most distasteful way right in front of the other one.
8. If you enjoy hearing three bad techno remixed songs on loop for two hours at 4 in the afternoon.
9. If you like being lectured by rude and clueless idiots.
10. If you like leaving.

+1. If you have never written a review on Yelp! before because you've been waiting for that one really, really, really awful experience that will get you so worked up you just have to write about it!

Honestly, this has by a long shot been the worst experience I have ever had as a customer. This includes any café, bar, restaurant, cellular provider, airport, car rental, wherever!!! Nothing can compare to how awful Byblos is. This place is obscenely horrible. I will never set foot in there again.
Terrible service! This review is solely based on my experience yesterday with the service we received. 

I have been here a couple of times before and the service here has always been sub-par but yesterday was the final nail in the coffin I needed to decide that I am never coming back here.

I brought a couple of friends with me who wanted to get hookah in Philly. This place has a $10 cover charge and 1 drink mandatory on the weekends. We ordered two hookahs, 1 drink each and a bunch of appetizers. The hookah here is decently prepared but the food is pretty average. Drinks are not good at all so we didn't even finish our mandatory drinks. 

Now to the service - when we asked for a coal change, the server took forever to get back to us. When she did come finally, she put the coal on top of the existing one and it burned the entire hookah flavor. We kept asking for the server to check on that but she literally took another half hour to come only to make an excuse that you are not supposed to share 2 hookahs between 5 people - c'mon girl we are no first timers! 

We had to wait eternally for literally everything - from the coal change and food to water refills (we only got the first refill when we were about to leave) and even the bill! After a point, we couldn't wait to get out of this place.
Byblos has the monopoly on the Center City hookah.  Unless you head over to Old City or Queen Village, this is your place to share a hookah and some mediterranean plates with your friends.  Although I've enjoyed my numerous visits here, it's not a place I think to frequent often since the drinks and hookah are sorta pricey and it is often really really loud inside (which, in its very nature seems contradictory, if you're going to be sitting for a while with a hookah and can barely hear your friends).  I'm usually fairly intoxicated by the time we've ordered food, but no complaints there (mmmm drunk falafel/hummus).  

Overall lesson:  Reap the benefits of Byblos without stepping inside of Byblos.  Get an outdoor table (or come earlier, but that's no fun).
Byblos! Presumably named for the following (from Wikipedia):

"Greek name of the Phoenician city Gebal (earlier Gubla). It is a Mediterranean city in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of present-day Lebanon under the current Arabic name of Jbeil. According to fragments attributed to the semi-legendary pre-Trojan war Phoenician historian Sanchuniathon, it was the first city ever built, and even today is believed by many to be the oldest continuously-inhabited city in the world."

Not knowing this, I thought it had something to do with biblio. Now let me explain why I made this mistake. Byblos was where I went to every weekend until some time around 4am to drink, dance, and be merry. One of my profile photos was taken while dancing atop a space partitioning architectural feature. Notice the ceiling is not quite far from my head. I could post other photos where people are dancing on window sills, banquet tables, etc. So, when I thought of the name of this establishment where I danced for five hours straight with a diverse crew of belly dancers after work, Arabs from various countries, Eastern Europeans, and whomever, I was often very intoxicated on red bull and vodka, glistening with sweat, wrapped in a faint fragrance of flavored hookah tobacco/herbs, and euphoric. Hence, I misread it as sharing the root, biblio, and noted for the longest time the irony of an establishment whose name contains the root for words associated with the quiet, studious types would be pulsing with life and rhythm.

Wait, oh, in reading the wikipedia entry further, Byblos DOES have something to do with biblio:

"The Greeks apparently called it Byblos because it was through Gebal that bublos ( ["Egyptian papyrus"]) was imported into Greece."

Apparently, even when inebriated, I remain a geek at heart!

Byblos is, mind you, a proper restaurant although I've only eaten there a couple times. Both times were solid. Their "cheesesteak" was lovely. But, first and foremost, it is for its unabashed celebration of the dance and libations that I put down these words about Byblos.

If you frequent Byblos, please say hello to the owner for me.
I hate writing negative reviews, but if this comes across as useful for future customers and improve Byblos approach in business... then here it is. 

I've frequent this establishment for over four years with the past year being MIA. I can say great things about the place. The food is delicious, the servers/hostesses are friendly and if you're not much of a hookah smoker, they will make sure everything is working fine for an ultimate hookah experience. The music is definitely something everyone can vibe to. Great ambiance. It's definitely a small spot and can get crammed with a long wait for a table. 

Anyway, my recent experience happened yesterday. I was greeted by the hostess/server and was told a 15min wait for a table for three of us. She proceeded to tell me that in order to hold a table for us, we have to buy drinks. That's fine. But 15mins was such an inaccurate wait time bc with a packed house, who knows when customers will leave. So I didn't think too much of it and waited for at least 45mins. A table became available and who did she seat... some other group who showed up after us that she apparently said was "reservation." You don't tell customers a low-ball wait time to encourage them to buy drinks, so you can have a higher tab for a better tip. You don't tell customers a low-ball wait time and was aware of an incoming reservation in a packed house. If I knew there was a reservation plus a more appropriate wait of an hr or two, then I would find another spot to hang out--not wait forever for a table and receive such an incompetent response when I confronted the server/hostess about the wait time being 15mins. It was a friend's bday celebration and I've always recommended this spot only to be highly disappointed. Word of mouth can make or break a business. I will not be recommending this spot anymore. I do hope they work on their customer service.
I've been here a dozen times and this will be my last time. All you need is one super bad experience and you lose a customer and all other potential. 

Our waitress, AMANDA, said we "ruined" our hookah cos someone blew into it. And we didn't know that it was WRONG. And there was no prior instructions on smoking hookah and of what was accepted or not. We were having such a good time, we would not be "ruining" their hookah on purpose. The waitress was clearly being bias. or racist, she was rude and one of the worst service ever. 

I've smoked hookah at so many places before including middle eastern countries and never ever had such a horrible service. Clearly no intention of customer service. 

If you want a tip you should earn it, AMANDA. We're not at byblos on a friday night for you to act out on us. 

We aparently "ruined" the hookah but Byblos definitely ruined the night for us. I DO NOT THINK ILL BE BACK IN A VERYYYY LONG TIME.
The place is great but the waitresses are a total bit*ches, they ruin the place by their bad attitude, owner please let them go and hire nice people
Byblos is good. Do I think it's on the pricier side? Yeah. Does the ambience make up for it? Meh. $20 for a hookah is pretty pricey in my book, but at least unlimited coals are included in the price. I would recommend getting a mint flavor, as they tend to last longer than the fruit ones (special mint is pretty good). What I really can't stand about this place, though, is the 1 drink minimum if you want to sit at a table. The drinks are pretty pricey! However, if you sit at the bar there is no one drink minimum and there is a happy hour special that's decent. 

Lastly, this place is DARK when you walk in. Like way dark. Like, hold on, give me a minute while my pupils dilate to the full extent, DARK. There's a U-shaped bar on a pseudo-elevated level when you first walk in that really helps to separate the tables and lounge seating. After having sat at the table, I think the bar is better. It's not as loud (there's a DJs at night) and there tends to be more room for mingling and such. I hear there are much better places to go to in Philly, so I wouldn't recommend this as a must stop if you're looking for hookah. Check out the other, more reasonably priced options in old city.
Horrible Experience...
It was a usual Saturday night. We paid a $10 cover charge and entered the place. Inspite of this, we had to order a minimum of 1 drink per person. We quickly got a table for 5 and ordered 2 hukkas which were good in the beginning. However, it went down hill after. As soon as the coal was over, we request to renew the coal and the server took more than 30 mind  to just get a coal change. On top of it, when she did bring the  coal, she lighted it after keeping on top of the flavor. This eventually burnt out the entire flavor. 

When my friend went to confront her, the server was rude and said that two hukkas wouldn't last for 5 people for more than 30 mins. Out of the 75 mins that we were there, we spent 45 mins waiting for the change of coal and once we got it, the entire flavor was burnt.

We pretty much lost the whole mood. Our table was completely neglected. The server was very slow in responding even wrt to food. We did not get water nor food at the table. 

I am never visiting this place again.
Byblos sure is one popular, cramped, and crowded party! No wonder, since there's no cover, at least when I was there. It was hot, so a few of us took advantage of coat check - you can always hang coats on a seat, but what if you don't have a seat? Fellow partygoers (lots of ethnic folks, guys and girls alike) were drinking and dancing in a frenzy all over. Standing by the bar, I saw many smoking hookahs through the dim, smoky room. Didn't get a chance to indulge, or even eat their food, but my friends (many who are regulars) and I still had a good time. Stop in!
This is a good place to hang out if you are not, like me, prone to setting yourself on fire. When we arrived at our table I noticed that there was a small votive candle on it. Being aware of my shortcomings as a person, I said "I'm going to move this candle so I don't set myself on fire." Then I smelled burning. I looked down and my scarf was on fire. Do you know how hard it is to unwrap a scarf from your neck while it is on fire so that you can put it on the floor and stomp out the fire? Well, if you are me, not difficult at all because you have practice. If this sounds like you, you should ask your friends and/or waitress to move the candles for you before you approach. Safety first, kiddos. 

Inadvertent pyrotechnics aside, I thought Byblos was a great spot to come hang with friends for snacks, drinks and hookah. They give you individually-wrapped mouthpieces to make the hookah more hygienic - clever! We had orange/mint, which was delicious. It was plenty to share among 4-5 of us. I had a cocktail made with sweet tea vodka and lemonade - basically an alcoholic Arnold Palmer. Thumbs-up. Food was reasonably priced, I had an Israeli salad which had good flavor and lots of veggies and was only $6. Rumor has it that the paella was also delicious. 

I'll be back! But next time I'll skip the scarf.
Horrible service. Owner of this establishment was very rude and arrogant. All of the food was disgusting and the hookah had a wierd taste because of their cheap tobacco and coal.
I've been here a couple of times to try to get the same experience I used to get in the beginning when I first started visiting. My first visit was on a Sunday and it was "Arab Night", I went for partying and hookah. It was a simple night with good laughs with my friends. There is a belly dancer that comes out around 11 pm - 12 am and usually they're very fun and different each week. My second and third experience on the Sunday nights weren't as pleasurable.... we got double charged...one of our party left and paid and the waitress argued that they didn't and we had to pay twice...that wasn't cool at all. Also, their hookah overall sucks...it's not strong and burns out fast. 
My next few experiences were just to dine in. Their food quality and quantity is good, I really enjoyed their entrees. However, their chicken always tastes like it was cooked in the beginning of the day, it always tastes old. 
It is overall a nice ambiance, nothing to hectic..they ID before you go in, I haven't had to wait to be seated which is a plus. Their service is prompt, I don't have to ask for things multiple times and I don't have to wait long.
Been going to Byblos for YEARS..one of my go to spots in Center City. Consistently good food and service. 

Food talk: Decent. Mussels and wings are always a hit as well as the dish where there's spinach and cheese stuffed into a yummy phyllo crust. 

Drinks on the menu: Not the biggest fan of their Sigs, however their bar is fully stocked with enough variety to concoct whatever you fancy. 

I won't mislead you the place is small! But what lacks in size comes in vibes. Chill crowd always, diverse young professionals for the most part. 

Hookah prices are fair compared to other places that charge $40+ and they have a good amount of flavors. No charge to refill coals.

There are a few tables outside if you're EARLY and lucky enough to grab one..great when the weather's nice. Keep in mind before 8/9 pm the crowd is pretty slow. So if you want to get in and out before it gets packed like sardines do so before those hrs. Still a great PARTY after 10, but there's a cover of $10.
Fraud!!! Made us pay $20 cover charge to get in, then they tell us inside "sorry no tables available". The manager/owner who is Lebanese comes to talk to me trying to hustle me, i told you can't hustle someone who lives in NYC. Basically this place is Bunch of crooks, they make you pay cover to get in just to tell you no room. Forget the $20 cover because it seems this place needs that money, i smoke shisha all my life and when i looked at the hookahs they only had INSTANT charcoal which is trash when you smoke hookah. On top of all of that the manager/owner (lebanese guy) comes outside when we're leaving just to curse at us and we had women with us too, very classy establishment SMH. I will have my attorney look into this establishment and also contact the Better Business Bureau.
I was last here nearly three years ago and it doesn't seem like much has changed other than my experience level with hookah.

Byblos was my first hookah bar in Philly, but since then I've visited several establishments around the city. I'm now not quite so enthralled with this one. I'm fairly certain it gets by mostly on its prime location in Rittenhouse.

The interior of this place could absolutely benefit from a remodel. Their setup is weird and we were seated right below speakers. As the night wore on, it became increasingly harder to hear my friends over the music. The crowd also changed around 10 pm and I suddenly felt incredibly under-dressed in my shorts and tank.

The hookah itself was good and lasted a while. We chose the strawberry flavor for $20. I didn't like my accompanying raspberry rum cocktail. For the price (something like $12?), it was not worth it at all. It tasted totally watered down or bland. No thanks.

Our server was friendly, but the seats were tight and not that comfortable despite feeling plushy. For the price-tag, I'm not sure I'll be back any time soon, but it's always an option when proximity wins.
Lasted about 10 min in this garbage restaurant!  Got carded and while our waitress was checking our I.d.'s my brother asked where the bathroom is and our waitress caught an attitude.  "Why are u asking for the bathroom?"  Maybe cause he has to go.  She told us to hold on and told her manager.  Bc a 36 year old man asked for the bathroom??
Hands down the best Paella I've ever had !!! 
When I first saw the serving I thought there was no way I can finish it, but I sure did! 
It's not your typical Paella which I do not mind because I hate Mussels & Snails (which I tend to pick out)!

I also tried their mint hookah which was pretty good!
The drinks are cheap compared to NY prices,  You can't beat $9 for JW black label. 
I hope to come here again soon!


***PS*****  last call for alcohol is 1:30....  womp womp, the party starts in NY at 1:30
In my younger days, "going into the city" meant "going to Byblos".  This place never carded, and we could pull off ordering a couple hookas for a reasonable dollar.

However, the vibe and crowd here has transitioned into a more sophisticated group (maybe it's because I have become more sophisticated myself..hmm..up for debate). What a perfect place to spend a warm evening observing the street traffic with friends in Rittenhouse.  Good music and good vibes..and they give you gauntlets of wine, which just ups the fun.  I'd say by far the best hookah bar I've descended upon in Philadelphia.
One of the only places in Philly where people can still smoke.  However, it's a narrow catwalk to get to the back, so watch out if you're wearing anything flammable.

They are opening up two more floors including a roof top in June.  Definitely an amazing place.  Saturday, Sunday, always packed, dancing on the tables, stiff drinks, hot middle-eastern women, no complaints.

Definitely going back for the opening of the next two floors.
over priced, the security staff is rude and touchy. The manager, or whoever he is, is a rude snake.
I love the ambiance of this place.  Peach flavored tobacco, middle eastern snacks and hip-hop thumping in the background.  I've only ever visited on a thursday...with good results.  I generally take a group of people with me, so we've had at least a 15 minute wait each time.  I'm not a fan of waiting, however, they give us free hookah to start out, so my complaints are nullified.  Ohhhh....the bill adds up QUICKLY!!  It's easy to blow over $100 in an hour, so watch it!
Definitely have to give it up to Byblos as something different in this city. Had a friend come in from out of town and was told Byblos was the spot I should go to for a relaxing outing. Because of all of the reviews for a weekend night I decided to call ahead and it was definitely worth it(Though they don't take reservations past 10:30 so if its later than that don't hold your breath). It became packed a little after 11 with some of the best looking mixed crowd I have seen in Philly. I didn't get a chance to see the Guido's, thugs, or valley chicks mentioned below, so that night might be on Saturdays. :)
I was most shocked by how inexpensive the place was, because the entire set up and presentation was pretty good(drinks were a little below Philly average and they had pretty good pricing on appetizers). This point leads me to one of the most personal reviews I have ever written. Now I'm no punk but I have to give a disclaimer out...If you didn't eat since lunch and try to hookah and drink it up you will be sorry. 
I had to put myself on time out in the woman's bathroom for a good 5-10 minutes, take a couple of deep breaths...and dry the beads of sweat off my face. Not the best site surrounding by gorgeous females but being the MAN that I am.. I pulled myself together, took a quick shot of H20 and continued on one of the best nights I've had in Philly since moving. 5 star rating well deserved and If anyone else wants to go I am always up for it.

P.S. I know you guys on Yelp are sarcastic assholes so I am expecting the jokes and already have a two word response for all of ya.
This is a pretty popular and fun place to hang out with friends, and get drinks, food, and hookah.  It is very busy on weekends but there's no cover and the prices are good for the location.  Food is good but not astounding, with a very broad menu of both Andalucian and Middle Eastern dishes.  The spinach pie is a tasty appetizer and the seafood paella is nicely seasoned.  Overall, a good place for a light meal and drinks on the weekend.
while in philly for business, checked out the food - very good mediterranean - had some wonderful grilled octopus salad.  while there for late night dinner the bar filled up and the place turned into this adorable hookah lounge - young working crowd midtwenties to midthirties. wish we had someplace like this in boston!
Well not a surprise rude waitress is on the menu. I used to frequent this place often and for many years. Even came for my birthday dinner one year. But recently I must say the service sucks and it's going down. Older now, I look at those things and especially when you are spending your money(pricey adding hookah, food, and drinks) here you expect that. I even left a message for her on the receipt on why her tip sucked and she just showed a fellow coworker and laughed, not apology or anything.
I went in here to fortify myself before the Franklin Mortgage Elite Event. The place has a nice swanky feel to it with a separate bar in the back. 

The fetching young server seated me and took my order promptly, which included some hot tea that came out fast. My tea warmed me up before the meal. The moussaka was decent, though it was a variation on the traditional dish that I'd had in Chidago and Detroit's Greektown. The price wasn't bad either, 12.99. The pita bread that came out was a tad dry but still tasty. 

I left feeling full and ready to do battle with the drinks of Franklin Mortgage. I'd go back and sample something else here sometime.
Yelp was so spot on LOL. This is a 3 star kind of place.  $5 cover after 9pm? Man. Takes forever to get seated. Hookah service is OK. Very rarely did the server change coals. Never had anyone blow out the smoke. $20 for the set-up. Limited beer selection. Loud as hell. If you're blitzed, this is a great spot, otherwise I would pass. 

If you're looking for a better managed hookah lounge, I would go to Aloosh in Powelton Village, or Infusion Lounge in Old City. Capelli Brothers in the Gaybourhood is also dope if you want to try a smaller, quieter place to smoke.
This place is dumb as hell. 
Overpriced, overrated, shitty service, too crowded. I mean if you're going to charge so much for hookah, at least be the sort of place where you don't have to crowd your patrons at  the bar because you don't have enough space. Do you know how unrelaxing doing hookah at a crowded bar is? HELLA
I'd write more but this place is so basic that it doesn't deserve any more words from me.
So this place often wins by default on a Friday or Saturday night as there aren't many hookah joints to start my night off at before venturing to a club. 

But I can't say out of the dozen times I've come here that it was ever great. 

A) I will totally vouch for the food. It's authentically Greek and certainly adds to the experience. 
B) The hookah is also VERY good most of the time. (Though I have gotten a crappily made hookah that wouldn't hit before and the waitress snapped when I asked if she could fix it). But flavor selection and shisha quality is good.
C) This place is always packed beyond capacity so it gets to be a little uncomfortable. I also think it's a DICK MOVE to knowingly try to get us to buy hookah 30 min before close knowing that it lasts an hour or more and that you'll be rushing us out in 15 min. Also, their bouncers are dicks. I get it, you want everyone out ASAP at 2am. But there's nicer ways to tell people to get the flip out then actually saying GET THE F898 OUT. You could be nicer to people waiting to close our their tabs. 

All in all, it's not a terrible joint. I can't say that I love the staff as they come off rude more often than not (my people and I are always extra friendly to staff because most of us work or have worked in the industry). The hookah is good. The food is good. The atmosphere is good. But if you come after 11pm on a weekend, expect to be packed in like a sardine can. Also, keep in mind, it's more of a lounge than restaurant on the weekends. So if you're looking to hang out rather than have a quiet dinner, this is a decent choice.
On Friday and Saturday nights, this place is packed, and if you want an actual table to eat at or smoke at, you need to call and make reservations ahead of time.

That being said, Friday and Saturday nights, the place turns into something like a dance club.  Exotic music and exotic men are all over the place - especially Arab guys, and there's a lot of drunkenness and dancing on tables.

Definitely a great location for the occassional change of pace, although I know plenty of people who frequent the place several times a week.  It just depends on your tastes.

The decor is dark greens and purples - everything you'd expect to create an Arabian-like setting.  The front area has great comfy chairs surrounding tables for larger groups (and those are generally the tables people dance on) and beautiful stained glass windows.
Crowded as ever, but they were able to accomodate our party of 6 right away on my birthday.  Despite being packed, service was attentive at our table. We got our hookah and drinks soon after ordering.  The hookah was fun and definitiely had my head spinning a bit.  They brought over a tasty tiramisu for my birthday treat and extra spoons without us even having to ask.  Getting to the bar or to the bathrooms was insane and of course people would be pushing and shoving.  That part definitely wasn't fun, but I guess it is expected for a Saturday night.  Turning 30 though, I realized the crowded, smoky, having-to-fight-my-way-to-the bar-and-scream-at- the-top-of-my-lungs-to-talk kind of place is definitely a scene I am over.   I had a good time here on my birthday, but probably would have felt more comfortable on an off-night.
Before I tell you how completely AWFUL this place is... let me at least say one nice thing about it... the hookah is OK. ALRIGHT, now that that is over with--- WOW. The staff here are insanely rude and pretentious, and I am not exactly sure why. I went on a saturday night with three of my girlfriends. We were all being extremely polite, but we were met at the door by the bouncer who was a complete joke- such a douche. Then our waitress was completely rude and seemed bothered that she had to lift a finger. Before she even sat us down she said, "You cant be here unless you are going to drink." UH YEAH.... Its 11pm on saturday and we are at a bar... we are going to drink, thanks! (paid about $12 for a single vodka and pineapple). We ordered a hookah (which like I said was OK, it lasted about 40 minutes between the 4 of us). After the waitress brought our first round of drinks and the hookah, she didnt come back to check on us for atleast half an hour... ha! And we were right by the cash register/entrance! She was terrible. If my friends werent so nice, the girl would have gotten a big fat ZERO dollar tip. She deserved it.... how do you expect to make any money when you act like a total brat? Blows my mind. It is really a shame, I love hookah bars, but me and my friends will 100% NEVER be going back to this hell hole.
Last night, I had an amazing meal! Salmon with mixed vegetables and a side of rice. To die for.. I also tasted a piece of lamb! So delicious and I never ate lamb before as I'm  not a red meat eater! This place has the best food. 

Hookah is good. My favorite flavor is blue mist and mint. I tried the fruit with blue mist and mint hookah and I believe it's the best! Atmosphere and staff are pleasant. Great music, happy hr deals are good too. Byblos is a great place. 

Bathroom is clean and spacious. Location is great although if you drive , you have to pay for parking.
DO NOT GO HERE. This place is AWFUL. I went with a group of 6 people for hookah and drinks on a weekday evening. The staff was very rude to us the entire time and made us seem like a burden to them. We were one of the only groups there at the time (there was only 1 other table occupied inside and 1 table occupied outside) with several employees sitting around and the waitress for our  table was impossible to get a hold of if we needed coal or drinks. It took us half an hour to let our waitress know we were ready for the check and then she disappeared for another 15 minutes. I saw the owner and walked up to him to tell him the entire evening was very unpleasant and that we had been trying to leave for at least 45 minutes. The owner apologized, but didn't really do anything about the situation which was even more disappointing. This place really put a damper on the night and I will never go back there.
This place sucks. its so small inside and the people are so rude.
I've only been here on Thursdays for the "hookah hip hop night" and I've always had a great time. While it can get crowded, the crowd is very chill and sociable. There are TVs near the bar area as well so if you're looking to catch Thursday night football you don't have to miss the game. Our bartender always make great drinks and is very generous with the hookah coals. DJ also plays awesome music, great mix.
I was totally in my glory at this place.  Smoking a hookah is a guilty pleasure of mine, but my frequency of indulgence is rare.  Ideally, I would give this place 4.5 stars, the -.5 star because of our waitress.  Although, she hooked us up with a last second order of the Happy Hour drink special, she was scarce.  

The hookahs did seem a bit expensive, but if you go with a group of 5, it is about $5 a person.  There was a long list of intoxicating flavors, and we went with the strawberry and fuzzy lemonade (totally recommend this one!).

Surprisingly, the food was quite tasty.  The hummus and tzatziki on the happy hour menu was a great way to tame our post-work hunger.  An hour later, we opted for the mussels and the Saganakiopa, Greek Kasseri cheese soaked in brandy and then set on fire.  Both delicious!

I really had no idea how fun this place is!  In addition to chillin' with a hookah, the DJ played energetic dance music.  Opa!
Byblos is one of the best hookah bars in Philly. The decor is stylish, but if you're going on a weekend night, prepare for an enormous crowd that manages to cram its way into every space of the joint - stay hydrated, because even in the dead of winter, it feels like a sweatshop. If you're going for food, definitely make a reservation - seating is limited.
Service is horrible. Overpriced . Not very welcoming. I'd go pretty much anywhere else
i wish i could give NO STARS! i have been here a handful of times and due to this 1 unforgivable experience i will NEVER go back, nor recommend this place to anyone. it was my sister's bday but also a congrats party on the purchase of her first home. we wanted to take her out on a night out on the town. too bad it started off with a TERRIBLE note! the table we were given was right next to the dj, it was so loud in there that i couldnt hear the person next to me! the furniture is so big and bulky that it leaves no room for walking. needless to say that the servers were so cranky to have to work in an freakin zoo of a restaurant. we had finished our meals but were waiting on some drinks and the bday cake to come out. during that time a few of us went outside for a smoke break. another server with curly dirty blonde hair, who was not our server, came over to our table and asked my sister if we were leaving becuz they had another group of ppl waiting for their table rsvp. my sister said no and stated that her asking was very rude. the server came back about 5 mins later and started to "apologize" to my sister. her apology looked and sounded more like an initiation to start a fight. it was very shocking to go to a place, where you expect decent service but end up with ppl screaming at you with the intent to kick you out of your table or start a fight. to make a long story short: #1... loud & crowded, #2 they double booked a table and tried to kicked us out, #3 server almost started a fist fight with clientele. if you want to get into a fist fight during dinner when your trying to enjoy a night out with ur closest friends, then by all means go this god forsaken place.
Servers were friendly but very inattentive at times. Walked by us numerous times obliviously while we tried to peg them down for some water or another coal. Once they brought us the coal they did just that, brought it to us and put it on our hand for us to light and put on our hookahs ourselves. No service at all if I wanted to maintain my own hookah I would smoke it at home. Other than that the atmosphere was mediocre. Good house music.
I find myself coming to Byblos after being out at happy hour and wanting to extend the night a little longer. The music is loud but it's always something really good. It gets really packed on the weekends.

They have a wide selection of hookah flavors, and their cocktails are strong but tasty. The only thing is, it's all a bit overpriced. I don't usually get food here, just drinks and hookah, but my friends and I still find ourselves spending more money here than when we go out elsewhere. The service isn't usually that great either. Byblos still remains on my list of places to go when I'm already out and want to chill with friends and get in a dancey mood with their music. Don't go here if you want something intimate, though. It's pretty loud.
A change of pace from your usual night out.

Yes, it gets packed here on weekends and drinks are pricey, so pregame somewhere else and then come to Byblos to:

- dance to Arabic music
- smoke some hookah
- people-watch
- pretend you're in the middle east.

I've yet to encounter rudeness on the part of staff or patrons. I *have* been pulled into joyful group dances by complete strangers. Love.
Clubbing music combined with low-lit tables and hookahs?  It's like someone got super stoned and came up with what they thought was a briliant idea!  Byblos is fun but don't bring someone here if you're trying to impress.
Place is cute and north-africa flavored....
Hookah flavors are very limited and very expensive though...music after 11 PM sucks.
Our hookah wasn't tasty at all and we asked more than once to change it....
Cocktails not tasty at all...and too expensive...
Moreover, after a 18% gratuity they tried to charge us another tip....
I would say the only cute thing is the place, but I don't recommend you to go there AT ALL.
Never been to a restaurant that charges you a cover fee to go in. I can see how minimum charge could make sense but it really threw me off when I came with boyfriend on a date for dinner and they asked us for a fee at the door. 

Do not recommend.
Tool central.  Whether they're making up new rules in order to charge you more or glaring at your "I-don't-feel-the-need-to-try-that-hard" handbag, the staff here is neither friendly nor helpful in any way.  In fact, they seem to want to make it harder for you to spend money there.

Though I have given up in recent months, each of the last three times I attempted to patronize Byblos my group was faced with some new ridiculous and awkward stipulation.  First, all of a sudden, parties of 5 or more had to purchase at least two hookahs, then tables were reserved for parties ordering food, and then it was a minimum charge per head at the table.  And all of it seemed so shadily implemented and relayed that I'm 90% sure those rules were (and probably are) instated on a case-by-case basis as people walk in the door.

And to top it all off, the place is cold and hollow, lacking the kitschy charm of many other hookah bars, as well as too-often bombarded with the bumbling of an over-zealous wannabe-in-Ibiza DJ.  Overall, a no.
Loud music, expensive hookah, very crowded bar with no walking room or personal space for that matter. 

The food is good when you go early and the music isn't blaring. I like to smoke hookah so I end up coming here once every 6 months. In my youth I would frequent this place but now I feel like I need a more laid back night. Come here if you want to get hopped up on Red bull vodkas and want to smoke a lot of hookah
I came here after an entire afternoon of "I'm just going to have brunch and then go home and take care of shit" but actually ended up just continuing to drink after brunch until bedtime. Classic. Considering what time we entered this place, I don't think it would be a stretch to assume a cat probably literally dragged us in. 

I was in that mental state where I was really in the mood to smoke some hookah. We waited until FOUR PM for this shit to open up. We sat at the bar and they were still setting shit up. The fuck if I knew about my surroundings at that time but I think it's safe to assume that we were the only people at that hour. 

We like randomly ordered some drinks and a hookah flavor, I couldn't even tell you what it was. I also ordered some hummus with pita. LOL of course the food I remember.

Service was good, the bartender we were dealing with was nice and approachable. Also simultaneously cutting limes at certain points. Who can blame her for being prepared?

Hookah was nice and smooth. Hummus was fairly good. Don't remember the drinks. 

I have made a mental note of this place's existence next time I'm in a similar mood.
Overly expensive drinks ($10 4 oz Glenlivet!), a terrible record player sound system and inattentive service knock down the rating scale for me. The up side was the cheap Hummous and Grape Leaves. Overall, they charge high prices because they are close to Rittenhouse Square. I'd keep looking if you're searching for something new and different.
Sketch-O-Rama. For some reason, everyone looks shady in Byblos.  Maybe its the ton of shisha smoke in the air.  Or that stepping into Byblos is like stepping into Dodge City in the 1800's = total disregard for laws.  Which of course makes it SO fun.

I love that the owners just nod at you and open the big door leading into Shadeville.  The drinks/bartenders are so-so, but no one really is here for the drinks.  The music is an awesome mix of World Hits with occasional hip-hop thrown in.  There are plenty of cool nooks on the walls to sit in (and you will want to once this place gets packed.)  I've seen more than one couple come out of the bathroom here.  People smoke openly, with little regard for the bar smoking ban.   The bar rarely regards the 2am closing law; I've exited this place at 4am on more than 1 occasion.   Crazy fun!   If none of this sketchiness appeals to you, don't go to Byblos.  

The only reason I won't give it 5 stars is because I often spot people smoking hooka and acting all heroin-chic stoned.   B*tches please, its freaking tobacco, not opium.  Stop playing.
I always have a great time at Byblos.  It's tough to explain why I like it though... the best I can do is a list of random things the place has going for it:

1) I've never had to wait in line, yet the place is always comfortably full (not packed) when I get in.
2) The music is loud enough to dance to, but it's possible to have a conversation over it.  
3) You can get a hookah even if you can't get a table, as long as you can find a ledge to put it on.
4) I've found that people actually say "excuse me" when they have to push past you, and everyone I've drunkenly chatted with while waiting for the bathroom has been nice enough.

What can I say, it's just a fun place.
I like to come here for the causal Hookah every so often.  They take reservations and can get very busy at night, especially on the weekends! 

Staff is friendly, great at handling how hectic it can get here.  It is a bit pricey, and if you sit at a table there is a drink minimum per person, so be prepared to spend some cash if you cannot get a spot at the bar. They do have a happy hour, so ask about it if you go during the week!  My favorite area to sit is the bar, no drink minimum if you sit there, and the bar tenders are super attentive.

The food is actually pretty good here too, I have only had a few things, but was never disappointed.  

They are a little on the expensive side, but if you are just coming for hookah, or to eat, it isn't too bad.  It's the drinks that really get you with price...but pretty reasonable at happy hour.

My favorite flavor for hookah here is the special mint, but they have a wide variety of options.  I like how they give each person their own plastic mouth piece for hookah. The music here is usually pretty good, but it can get loud, so if it's a weekend and you want to just catch up with someone, it isn't the best place to go for a chat.  Weekdays, the music is still good but not as loud.
Still the absolute WORST hookah bar in Philly. Service is super slow and hookah quality is bad. They don't know how to make a good hookah, there is no smoke whatsoever. Their cocktails are extremely watered down and tasteless.

Philly desperately needs a good hookah place!
I show up to Byblos almost every night after my work shift! Never have I once have had anything other than a great experience there! (Hence why I go so often) I always get a mint hookah and a fruit head and one of their specialty cocktails! Can't beat it anywhere I go. Awesome location right in the middle of the rittenhouse strip. Service is always on point and the girls working there are great, always treat me and my friends nicely even when we have one to many. Managements always professional and friendly. Love the wings (spicy) . They offer a diverse Mediterranean menu with fresh ingredients. See you soon Byblos!
Hookah:  20 bucks a pop with all kinds of flavors;  for all you germaphobes, they give you your own mouth piece

Music:  Arab dance music.  Not my type of thing but there were a lot of people dancing to it so it made for some good people watching.  

Atmosphere:  Small lounge with a bar area; ~6 booths and 4 tables.  We got there around 10pm on a Wed night and it wasn't very crowded but as the night went on it got packed.

Crowd:  The crowd seemed to be very diverse, 30+ in age.  I don't know if this is the norm, but I saw all kinds of funny stuff the night I went.  There was a table of older rich people who started their own dance party in the corner.  After a few bottles of Dom, one guy pulls out a wad of money and starts making it rain!  I turned around to see if there were any poles because that was the only thing that could have made this more entertaining, but NOPE.....just rich people being jack asses.  In another corner there were two people making out with lots of heavy petting.  Geez, seriously, go home or can you at least be a lil more attractive so that this can be a little more enjoyable??  haaaaa.....OR maybe my hookah was laced with something.  I dunno, either way, it was an interesting night to say the least.
Always been a fan of Byblos till the other day.

The Bouncer was mad because we were talking and not "Whispering", when we said "But this is a bar" he's  like "No, This is a Lounge".. What a douche !!! Ironic that even the other Bouncer didn't agree..which is so funny because usually they always team up to put the customer down. We walked out....

Terrible Hookah, No Respect for Customers...I'll take my money somewhere else.

Rename this place to "The Library" or something..IDIOTS !
I love me some hookah. Not somewhere I'd go every week, but definitely a fun deviation from the normal bar scene. Wednesday night was the perfect time to check it out - not crowded and good low-key music. 

Dim lighting, tables with cushioned seats, and swanky people puffing on hookahs made for a relaxing and sensual experience. We snagged a table right away, and ordered drinks, light food and a hookah. 

My hummus appetizer was a tasty and filling snack - about 10 pita triangles and a size-able dish of hummus for $5. The drinks were a little pricey, but I didn't expect them to be cheap. It was great to smoke a hookah... brought me back to college. It's a great relaxing social activity. The DJ was spinning smooth hip hop and light house which provided great background music, easy to talk over. 
This would be a great place for a date (when it's not super busy). 

Our waitress was slooooow to bring the check even after asking, but other than that service was good.

I previously had mixed feeling about Byblos... with the prevailing feeling being that I didn't want to go there... but I was pleasantly surprised and would definitely return or suggest it to a friend.
Starting to check off my long list of bookmarks titled "To Review"!  It's a dirty job, but somebody's gotta do it.

I know Byblos isn't the greatest hookah joint on earth, but I have such fond memories of this place, I'll never hesitate to return, despite inflated prices and douchey clientele.

Back in college, I was the first to turn 21 out of my group of friends, which did not lend itself to the usual festivities.  So instead of getting whiny about it, I decided to celebrate where everyone could partake in a little classy debauchery - hookah!  We'd been here before and had so much fun, I knew it'd be an easy fix to my situation.  I sipped on champagne while we all huffed on jasmine goodness, which happens to be free on Thursdays.  The food is pretty amazing, too.  I had the angel hair with crab meat, olive oil, garlic, and white wine for $13, and the chocolate pot fondue with strawberries (that they brought out with a candle sticking out of it for my birthday, awww!) for $5.

We spent hours there, but near the end of the evening, the bar crowd ruined the cool vibe.  I don't know how it usually is, but at least that night, we were WAY younger than the median age group there.  Enough creepy older men making lewd comments convinced us to beckon wildly for the check and head out.

Despite the ick factor, I'll always have a place in my heart for Byblos, and it's definitely on my "to-do" list whenever I return to my favorite city.
The place is not well furnished, the interior was old and out of shape. The hookah was way too strong, not to mention the waiter was sooooo mean and took soooo long to respond to everything. 
To prepare the hookah, the waiter was supposed to look at the charcoal and take it right away while getting red. Maybe bc of too many customers, the waiter didn't take care of our hookah at all. Our hookah was totally burned, so I breathed lots of smoke and cough a lot. 
For the price I paid for the drinks and everything, I really expected a bet wet service than that! Gave them zero tip and never coming back again.

In old cities..you can find much better hookah bars with better decorations, services, and especially hookah...
For hookah or Mediterranean food,  this place wasn't even close to good for the price.
If you're tired of the same ol' bar/club scene & want to feel like you made a mini-vacay somewhere where there's a touch of mystery & sensuality in the air (... literally), I'd recommend Byblos!  ;  )    My boyfriend & I went mid-week & after coming to Byblos on a Saturday night (yesterday) I would recommend a midweek visit.  As my fellow Yelpers mentioned it gets craaaaaaaaazy crowded in this quaint, funky spot located on 18th St.  On Saturday I brought one of my best gals from college to check it out as she never smoked a hookah before & she wanted to give it a go, especially after I raved about how much fun I had the first time I went.

Well, despite the insane crowd, we indulged in the yummy (yes yummy) smoke of the Peach flavored Hookah & we both gave it a thumbs up!  It's a fun way to bond with folks, switching out your plastic tip, but then passing & sharing the hose/pipe piece... you get a rhythm going & find yourself passing the hose every eight (well... okay, every sixteen) count of the eclectic, thumping beats!  ;  )

Midweek with Mr. Boyfriend was extra dope because due to the smaller crowd we had our own stools & had room to try their shrimp tempura sushi which was muy delicioso!  (And I'm a tough sushi critic these days after being trained (& fed) by one Madame Saito who was my trainer that led me to earn 1st place in the annual sushi competition during The Subaru Japanese Cherry Blossom Festival... wheeeew, did you get all of that?!?!)  ;  )  I think we had the Mango hookah that night, but I loved the Peach & this guy that came & talked to my friend & I let us try his Melon hookah & that seemed very tasty & smooth as well.  (Gotta love those plastic tips so you can make friends & try other flavors, hint hint!...   It pays to be nice & not stuck up!  Take notes people!) 

My boyfriend & I were sitting next to a super sweet gentleman who instantly became a pal & just so happened to be a brain surgeon (Hey Dr. B. if you're reading this)!  Raaaandom, I know, but it made the night all the more interesting.  I also met these two couples at the end of the bar who were really friendly as well.  One of the gals was from Detroit & just moved to the city & was getting accustomed to the city & we ended up exchanging numbers to hang out there again!  (Yeeeah, too bad my new phone had a hiccup & I lost all my numbers the next day, womp.)  ; (  Tammy, if you're reading this I didn't forget you, I just couldn't reach you mama!  ; )

It's safe to say... if you are a person that with the right music, the right people, & an overall chill vibe you can have a great time, you're good as gold at Byblos!  

The only drawbacks I would say might affect you on any night would be the fact that it can get really crowded so if you're the hermit crab type & like your 3 ft. of personal space to "Diva Out", then DEFINITELY go midweek.  It's also a tip to use the facilities before you leave home.  You don't have to worry about waiting in line for the one restroom per gender & you don't have to worry about leaving your drink unattended or losing your spot at the bar/table/on the floor!  ;  )  

This is a place where if you have an open mind to something you weren't exposed to in your day-to-day life growing up you can feel comfortable to bathe in it here.  I was with my boyfriend the 1st time here & at one point I was standing behind him while he took his turn sitting on "our" stool.  So it was a surprise to have a gentleman, who I hadn't even spoken to (yet) that night, swoop me up into his circle of friends to show me a wonderful dance.  

He reached out & grabbed my hand & everyone stood side by side then he showed me some of the steps with such great enthusiasm, it was awesome!  (Apparently that track was his jam!  Haha!  Everyone got amped & started clapping & cheering when it came on!)  My wonderful boyfriend just turned around & watched the magic happen.  (Any other guy probably would've had a fit!)  ;  )   He knows I love all types of dance & learning about new cultures so we were both laughing it up, hey, I got a free dance class... score!  Hahahaha! 

And as for the fellas, I must say, there was the most gorgeous, exotic (for lack of a less cliche word right now) trim, sassy young woman there who swooped up all of the spunky ladies when HER songs came on.  She was hypnotizing to watch as she shimmied & snaked in circles & brought out our inner frisky side.  Meeee-ow!  I can't place her exact ethnicity (sorry!), but it was great to bond with other women in the spirit of fun!  Everyone is so busy trying to be the aloof Paris Hilton clones these days, but here even my blondies were getting down & chatting with everyone!  ;  )  We really lucked out by meeting some cool people both visits & I'm sure to return again & again!  I haven't been on a night where there are belly dancers, but I'm excited to read here from a fellow Yelper that they're expanding!  

P.S. I went & bought a hookah for my house today too! ; )
Low-brow dive, shady characters behind and at the bar, rumors of mob ties, fights, pros...utes, coat check I wouldn't use unless I was tired of the coat....just a seedy sad den of Satan situated in City Center
Went here for lunch on a Friday and it was pretty decent.  Just two of us, but there was only one waitress so the service took a lonnng time.  Gyros were ok, needed more testiki (sp?) sauce!!  We loved the music and atmosphere though.  Sat in the window by the big stained glass, on comfy benches, and there was a fruity smell of hookah rolling throughout the place.
This place is hands down a  good time! Where else can you go for hookah, belly dancers and middle eastern techno? Please tell me because I have no idea, but they have it here! We also enjoyed top of line Don P champagne, delicious cakes and prime mixed drinks.
My experience here with my sister and cousin was horrible. I know that we are the easiest people to serve when we are out. Both my sister and I work in the industry and we know how it is to serve. Our server made our experience here so unpleasant that we will never return again. She was miserable from the beginning. I understand she was a little busy and maybe flustered but not once did she smile at us or give off any kind of friendly vibes. She was so negative. If the service is slow, I understand. Just let us know and we are understanding. Don't take out your frustrations out on us when we just sat at our table. We only had a round of drinks and decided that we would go elsewhere because of how bad the service was. When I politely asked her for the check, she came back to the table and tossed it on our table and walked away. We were looking for a nice, relaxing night out and had a horrible one instead.
Byblos.  My friends' favorite place to go ever.  It's not bad, and can actually be really fun.  But its crowded, and pretty expensive.  When I say crowded, I mean elbow to elbow, and basically hope and wish you have room near the bar or if you're amazingly lucky a table, otherwise you're just going to be awkwardly standing in someone's way with your rather overpriced drink.

The hookah ain't bad, I recommend the Mango flavor, it was actually pretty good.  If you can actually find the waitress or she stops by or whatever, you can ask for more coal or those tips or whatever, so that's definitely a plus.  I don't really go out to hookah that much, but apparently according to every other review here $25 dollars is expensive for it, so I guess I'll say its expensive.

The drinks are decently made, but I'm going to say the are on the more expensive side, there are definitely other places that are cheaper, or better yet drink before you go out, that always saves money.

The vibe/atmosphere at Byblos isn't too bad, the music ain't bad either, you can sorta dance.  I personally find it better than all the random classic rock and Journey playing at many of the other bars.

Definitely stop by to check it out, Philly has a lot of those "Journey" ~esque bars so this is a nice change.
I like Byblos, but I don't love it. The food is mediocre and it's one of the only places to get hookah near center city. The ambience can go from relaxed to semi-formal. 

I think my biggest turn off, is that it gets really cramped at night and the crowd tends to be a bit creepy. It is definitely a great place to eat outdoors though and to hang out with friends. Keep in mind, if you go really late, it does go from a restaurant atmosphere to a noisy lounge in which you will not be able to hear anything, including yourself think. 

My rating is biased because I go for the sake of catching up with friends and eating, so I enjoy going here during daytime/evening. 

Regardless, if you are trying to get picked up by creepy men who show up in suits because they want to give off the impression that they are fatigued white collar professionals who do not have the time to go home and change... and just happened to stumble upon Byblos. Show up after 10:30/11 and you are golden. Enjoy :)
Went here to order a hookah and relax. The hookah prices are a little pricey, but not the worst. The waitress was attentive and continually brought us new coals, about four or five times without us asking, which was very surprising to me because most places usually give you two or three before they start charging you. The hookah was a little thin on smoke volume but the environment was very chill and relaxing. It was a Monday night so I wasn't expecting it too be crowded anyways. My girlfriend and I were playing cards as we smoked but soon after a waitress informed us that their manager doesn't allow cards or games, which we thought was a little ridiculous because everywhere we went to hookah, especially in the Northern Virginia area which is where we are from, they allow or even encourage it. I'm sure it's a different vibe than on the weekends, but overall I did enjoy the hookah experience here.
My husband and I used to come here all the time when we lived in the city. I'll definitely say that it gets packed and nuts during the weekend evening hours, but we just loved this little spot during the summer on weeknights when it wasn't crowded, or rushed, and we could just sit out with the hookah, order smaller plates of food, people watch, and linger for a while. 

I got their olives and feta platter more times that I could count and it was always delicious (though I guess it's kind of hard to screw that up). Their hookah was always well made too, and they had a nice selection of shisha to choose from. 

We'd still be going here frequently if we lived in the area.
This is a pretty cool place to hang out, drink, smoke some hookah.. While I'm not a big fan on smoking hookah, the business itself is pretty good. There's not really another place quite like it in Philly. Sure, there are hookah bars around town, but this place really gets it right. I've been here a few times and its usually pretty packed and I believe they have mediterranean food, although I'm not positive. 

This is definitely a place to check out if you're looking for something new, don't really feel like going out out but don't want to stay at home. Drinks are average price and if you split a hookah between like four people it's not a bad price either.
One time, many moons ago, while studying abroad in Europe, I sat on a dorm balcony and smoked hookah for the first time. Fast forward three years, and I had been itching to smoke it again. After begging pretty much every single person I know to go with me, two friends agreed to the visit.

We walked in around 7 p.m. last night (Friday), and asked if they had any open tables. The hostess said "no," but she was joking, it turns out. We were seated in a four-person section and ordered the mango hookah ($20). My one friend had wine, I had margaritas and my other friend had Jamison on the rocks. Our hookah lasted for a long time, and by the time we were halfway done our smoke, my friend had the DJ playing N'Sync/Backstreet Boys. Always a great addition to the night, obviously. Hopefully the other tables agreed! We left around 10 p.m. (I think -- I had a lot of tequila, admittedly) and it was still pretty quiet in there other than the music and smoking tables. I hear it gets really loud/clubbish later on, though.

Anyway, I can't attest to the food at Byblos, but the rest of the experience was spot on. I'd definitely go back, but not too-too often, as I don't want my lungs to scream at me.
Great for Hookahs & drinks, not so much for food. I've been coming here for years for the hookahs & drinks & the music is usually on point. I like to go during the week when it's not very crowded & there's just enough ppl that you don't feel like it's empty. This was my first time trying the food & it will most likely be my last. I had the mussels & grape leaves, two things that I thought were pretty easy to perfect. The mussels weren't seasoned enough for me & the grape leaves were too moist and falling apart. These were two of my fav dishes & to not like either was a disappointment. I won't stop going for the hookah and drinks but I'll pass on dining here.
I'm no hookah connoisseur but the flavored tobacco they use is good and they have a variety of flavors to choose from (I had the mango). I went on a Wed night and there were a decent amount of people there. The DJ was OK but the music was just a bit too loud as it made it very hard to have a conversation comfortably at the table. They also had the heat on blast so the heat, all the smoke, and sheer number of people there made it hot and a little stuffy inside. Finally, I like that they have a TV that usually has a sports game on. By far, the waitresses there are very nice, attentive and informative. Byblos is a solid go-to spot when you want to go out, have a chill time, and mingle during the week.
Went to this place twice during my trip in Philadelphia. 

This hookah lounge was the first place that appeared on my google sure so my friend and I decided to go here! Our server, Victoria, was extremely helpful about which hookah flavor to try. Two flavors I highly recommend to try is Sex on the beach & Queen Peach. I didn't not order any meals, but chocolate fondue was delicious!

Highlights from visiting this lounge:
- A lot of hookah flavors to choice from!
- drinks are not overpriced
- DJ plays up beat music from dance, EDM, 90's music, and today hits
- vibe from this place is laid back/chill
- bouncers were nice and they do make sure people do not create chaos



 
Tip: if you're planning to visit with a big group, make reservations because this lounge does get crowded during weekends
This is a great night small for socialization. The facility itself is pretty small but he crowd is madly diverse. Came here with a friend to celebrate and found out about hooka. Nothing special and I don't see what the hype is about it. Nonetheless I had a great time here with the company and music!
Hookahs a bit xpensive @25 bucks, drinks are ok but it's one of the better places for hookah in phila the crowds nicer as compared to the rowdies in old city (probably cos of rittenhouse sq). Definitely worth a visit!!!
Byblos is the place that makes me wanna open my own hookah bar.  It's packed, it's expensive and the service is meh.  The drinks and food are overpriced, and the hookahs are mediocre.  I could do better than this blindfolded... who wants to invest?  :)  Two stars for being one of the few hookah places in Philly to serve alcohol; I really love to indulge in all my bad habits simultaneously.
Came here yesterday with my sister. The
DJ played great music. The Venue was small so we had to smoke our hookah on the bar which was uncomfortable and it was crowded. The crowd was also a little dry for a Saturday Night. The Hookah was descent. Only come if you have a big group of friends and come early!
Been to Byblos a couple of time, and it never was that great!

Although this is one of the few places in Philly offering Hookah, they haven't really got the recipe down. 

The food was not that special either. The kababs are alright, and the salads are pretty good too! But if I go to Bybols I'd go for hookah. 

I'd recommend they work on the training of those who prepare the hookahs. The foil isn't properly fitted, and the waitress who brought us extra coal kept blowing ashes towards us, and our food.
Let me first say that I was very disappointed with this place. I thought that Byblos would be a great place to chill and hit up a hookah but I was wrong. I have two hookahs at my house but still enjoy going to hookah bars on certain occasions.

The staff doesn't know how to set up hookahs appropriately, they don't put enough water in them and it's just a complete mess in my opinion. I've gone three times, and three times, disappointment arose.

The prices are pretty ridonkulous too, $25 to light up a hookah? Yeah, no thanks... The staff isn't that friendly either, gg Byblos...
The best spot to get Mediterranean food in Philly! 
I've been going to this place for years and probably tried every single item on the menu and you won't believe it but they are all amazing! 
My favorite dish is probably shish kabobs! But I also love their seafood selection like Mariscoc Catalan ( I hope I spelled it right), it's all about this creamy safran sauce that brings all the ingredients together. 
Their hummus is the best hummus I've ever had and the octopus appetizer is just out of this world. 
Love their hookah selection as well! The staff is always very nice and the whole place just gives you this Mediterranean vibe, it's like you in Morocco or something. 
Always a great experience at Byblos!
5 dollars extra for 3 tablespoons of spicy sauce on the side? Nonsense. 
The food was pretty good. The apple hookah was meh. The gum/spearmint was the best out of the two. $20-30/hookah, again a little pricy, but again it's center city. The main reason this place gets 1 stars instead of 3 or 4 is the customer service and the creepy old men in there. I'm in my late 20s and the waitress asked for ID AND wanted to SEARCH MY BAG?? also threw my water bottle away in a rude manner.
Would I go back? Maybe. Probably not.
This place is horrible, will never come here again! Came in last night with a group of 7 friends. We were told that each of us had to buy a drink to sit at a table, which is fine, we were planning to anyway. The waitress came, we ordered our drinks, and then she asked for a credit card and picture ID in order to place our drink order. She said she was going to keep the credit card and ID at the bar. First of all, that doesn't sound right. I understand opening a tab, but it is unacceptable to ask for an ID to keep at the bar. Talk about identity theft! We offered to show an ID to make sure the credit card and ID matched, but she said no, it's their policy to keep both behind the bar. We asked for the manager, and he said we were okay, and will not be required to do that. Then, for about 15-20 minutes, we were ignored, thought she forgot about our drinks, and then another waitress came over and delivered our drinks. At that time, we also ordered a hookah. Waited and waited, and finally she came over with the hookah 5 min before they were getting ready to close. Had to call the manager over again over to take the hookah off of the bill. There is no way we would be able to enjoy the hookah that we paid for in 5 minutes. Stay away from this place! They have discriminatory practices, and they do not treat their customers well. Oh, and forgot to mention that they also charge a $10 cover for some reason!
Hookah bars aren't exactly my go-to party place when I'm out on the town, but when a new girlfriend suggested meeting up at Byblos, I was thankfully in the right frame of mind to say yes.

Aside from the snarky attitude from the waitresses in this place, this place really rocks out for a good time.  Live DJ in the back spinnin' some great mixed music and a wide range of interesting folks to people-watch.  Even my super sheltered gf gave the peach hookah a try once we all mellowed out in the friendly environment.  We're both non-smokers, but we agreed that it was an interesting experience worth repeating.

Food is delicious -- hummus and baba ganoush are cheap but filling appetizers, calamari with two sauces is amazingly fresh and crisp.  Can't speak for drinks, but we shared a $20 peach hookah which lasted awhile.

Great change from your typical pub crawl or bar hop if you're just looking for a more relaxed night to chat and bond over food, drinks and a hookah with your peeps.
the review is specifically for the attitude of the door man at this joint last night... because of it I never got past the front door

when we approached the door - on HALLOWEEN WEEKEND - in costume - and nothing over the top mind you- we are 30ish yr old women after all - the one door guy proceeded to act like this place was Studio 54 and made a wise ass comment like, umm if you're looking for the costume party, that's next door - as if he and the place he checks IDs at is too cool and super elite to the level that why would anyone who is in costume belong inside?  He also said this with a huge smile on his face which made it that much more snarky.  Just such an elitist DICK move... Furthermore, why would you say that to anyone that was coming in to spend money at 'your' establishment? I hope the owners know they have a tool working their front door... I cant stand people that swear they are too cool...

all my other reviews are only written for places that deserve major kudos bc I feel not enough folks share when they are happy with service but the attitude of this guy and the bad taste it gave me compelled me to have to share my two cents about it.
This place is absolutely horrible. Never again! Customer service is nonexistent! Couldn't get a table and we were yelled at for trying to get to a bathroom. Hookah is overpriced and low quality.
Its a fine place to get a hookah, its a bit pricey, but the service is pretty good.  We generally went during off hours so only encountered the clubby aspect once or twice.  Now that we have our own hookah we haven't been back since the cost doesn't seem justified.  

Never tried the food but always wanted to, maybe we'll go back for that at some point.
Serving sizes are TINY for the price. Their $18 Pasta wad literally no exaggeration about one cup of pasta. The crab was delicious and flavored well, but this place by no measure at all is worth the price. 

Avoid at all costs.
I thought the food was really great (although a tad expensive but typical for Center City). It definitely satisfied my pregnancy cravings lol! First time ordering from here. Will definitely recommend.
I would not recommend this place for a large group. I went here with 9 of my friends for my birthday. As soon as the dishes were cleared, the hostess asked us if we were leaving because another reservation was coming in. On top of that they charge $2 per person to cut and serve your own cake!!!!
COCKROACH!!! Disgusting! No apologies and told "it came from outside." Unbelievable. Horrible service! Will never return!
