Went here for Sunday brunch by myself. I was pretty exhausted from the night before since I was alone in my new apartment up a few blocks for the first weekend night and binge-watched CSI: Miami on Netflix. I used to watch this show a lot with Cynthia (my ex-wife) but she was always more of a CSI: NY fan. 

I know that's not what caused us to split, something so trivial. But it just became a thing where I'd come home from the office (I'm an actuary). I mean, I love my line of work. Risk valuation is a constant challenge. And I just got some new responsibilities training kids just out of college starting out as actuaries. But I let the stress get to me, I guess. But we have some deadlines we have to meet for our client before they can start constructing that parking garage in Conshohocken and the risk modelling can get a bit difficult. 

I really needed to learn to not take my job home with me. I wish I had a better work/life balance. I mean, what's more important -- being there for Bradley and Bryan (our twin sons) for their dance recital or staying home to crunch Excel spreadsheets? I just really messed a lot of things up and I know that no but it's too late. 14-years of marriage gone. 

Anyways, the brunch at Cactus is TREMENDOUS. It's a simple little buffet -- nothing too fancy, but all of it so tasty! The western hash browns were cooked just right, scrambled egg bin was done to perfection and they even had some soft-shelled taquitos. I had a Bloody Mary and it was too spicy, but to be fair I made it myself at the Bloody Mary bar so it was my fault, like everything has been for 14 years.
After Flat Rock (see previous review) cancelled a private party 48 hours before the event, Cactus came to the rescue!  Michael (daytime manager and bartender extraordinaire!) and Tony hooked me up last minute with the best deal in town and no one could tell the party wasn't planned weeks in advance!  We had about 40 people in the upstairs area of the bar with a private bartender and an open bar which included a selection of craft beers.  They put out appetizers including their famous wings and had a DJ spinning great music, you would think I paid a fortune for such a great atmosphere, but it was actually cheaper per person than the deal stupid Flat Rock was offering!  The service was exceptional and everyone had a great time.  

In my other experiences at Cactus, the food is great.  The Cactus Nachos with pulled pork are so delicious and a total guilty pleasure.  On the lighter side, I almost always order the fajita salad with chicken.  The sangria is also wonderful and they have a great selection of Tequila for every price range.  

If you are looking for great tex-mex food and a laid back and friendly atmosphere, visit Cactus, you won't be disappointed!
How impressive is the food at Cactus?  Considering nearly everything went wrong with my recent dining experience, pretty damn impressive.

We arrived on Saturday for a quick bite.  It was busy, so we were sat all the way in the back, by the bathrooms.  It took nearly 10 minutes to get water to our table and another 5 for chips and salsa.  Once we ordered (another ~ 10 minutes), we didn't see our waiter again until the bill.  Apps took quite a bit of time to get to the table, my margarita sat at the bar for a good 10 minutes before it reached the table, our dinners came out while we were still eating the app, and they gave me pork instead of beef in my enchiladas.

So how good is the food?  Well, there salsa might be the best I've ever had.  I love their margaritas, and both the pork and beef enchiladas were solid - yes, they corrected my order without an issue.  Honestly, the food is 4 or 5 star worthy, so I am going back on a calmer night to let them earn those extra stars!
I shouldn't be too harsh since this place just opened a few days prior but the bar was understaffed with bartenders that were not familiar with the menu or drinks. The group I was with waited for 30 minutes for 2 margaritas! Trying to get a drink at the bar was pure mayhem not to mention the bartenders were constantly looking at the menu to see what was in the drink that was ordered or how much something cost. Oh yeah...one more thing, paying for a $4 beer with a $20 and getting change in all dollar bills...not so cool. I will say the food looked good but I didn't eat while I was there. I am a big fan of mexican so I'm sure I'll give this place a fair chance once it gets off its feet.
My coworkers & I have had some FUN & INEXPENSIVE happy hours here.  

The good:  Cactus seated our party of 10 in no time @ 5:30 for happy hour, we took advantage of their $10 margarita pitchers Monday night happy hour special, we were promptly served free chips & salsa, the service was great (there when we needed them, not overbearing).  The total bill came to $25.  

The not-so-good:  Since our group was so large we sat in the dimly lit back of the restaurant - half booth half chairs.  The air duct over the booth seating was dripping with condensation and half our party got a little wet (it was a small price to pay for being in a nicely air-conditioned space on a hot July evening).  The chips were a little stale, but I'm being bratty by complaining because they were FREE.  The margaritas were heavy on the mix, light on tequila but for $10 a pitcher I'm compelled to lower my standards.

On a separate occasion I came with a smaller group & sat outside for their happy hour.  Again, specials were great & the staff were very accomodating.  The only problem I had was with the tiny tables - our group of 3 ordered the nachos & portabello quesadillas to split.  Our 4-top table couldn't accomodate 3 small appetizer plates & 2 entree sized plates & it was a little tricky trying to find a spot to rest your drink.

Expect what you pay for - and you'll have an enjoyable time @ HH with Cactus.
Having eaten at several Manayunk restaurants and bars, I totally get the varied reviews. Service and food quality in this neighborhood is often incredibly hit or miss. Fortunately for me, Cactus was totally a hit!

Granted, I hadn't eaten all day, and by six ish this girl was STARVING. Our original restaurant plan ended up being closed on Mondays (why do people do that?), and I remembered a friend telling me about the Monday specials at Cactus. Turned out to be 9 dollar fajitas, any style, and 10 dollar (!) house margarita pitchers. 

The margs ended up being delicious, and surprisingly strong and labor intensive for 10 dollars. We sat the bar; I like to do this in order to stare down my bartender to ensure maximum tequila pours. JK. Kind of. The whole menu looked delicious, if you know what you're getting yourself into. Guys, this is total Tex Mex; not authentic by any stretch. To save myself time and deliberation, we both just got the pulled pork fajitas after the bartender assured us anything with pulled pork was their specialty. And the meat was really good, guys. Tasty and tender. Nothing ground breaking about the fajitas, but everything tasted pretty fresh. Ingredients that were supposed to be cold were cold and ingredients that were supposed to be hot were hot. Service at the bar, even by a bartender in training, was excellent as well. BF and I stuffed ourselves and got a little tipsy (maybe mostly me) for under 40 bucks. steal in manayunk!

As with any other nearby location, go to Manayunk on OFF nights. Mondays & Tuesdays. Go early or late, depending on when the place is least crowded. Sitting at the bar generally ensures better service, bartenders in Manayunk have the slowest turnovers and are generally better than the waitstaff. Not the rule, just a suggestion.
Well I went back here this past weekend to give it a second try. . .

MUCH BETTER. Serivce was A++, the waitress was very attentive and kept our beer and drinks flowing. They give you complimentary chips which they kept re-filling for us, always a plus. We started with guacamole which was a decent size portion and a pitcher of sangria. (Buy the drinks by the glass--its cheaper then a pitcher that gets you only about 3 drinks)

I ordered the chicken fajita salad which was very fresh and the chicken was juicy. The others that were with me had quesadillas which were huge and very tasty. We couldn't finish all our food because there was too much!

All in all a much better experience then when it first opened.
I managed to get to Cactus a few months ago and forgot to review. 

I'm not quite sure if Cactus is a bar trying to serve food, or a restaurant looking to push drinks. Either way, there is something about this place that just seems a bit off. 

The guac was promoted as being very good, but it was ordinary at best. Our entrees were not horrible, but nothing to write home about either. Even the drinks were ok, but I've definitely had better margaritas. 

The space was kinda cramped, but it was nicely decorated. The next time I'm going through Manyunk, I would definitely give it another shot, but its not an establishment that I would to consider to be a "destination."
No-thrills Mexican fare, but their fatal flaw is their stinginess.  

When ordering a margarita pitcher, it is expected that one would receive a wholesale discount from the individual drinks.  The individual margarita is $8 (too high to justify in itself), however a pitcher costs $32 and it doesn't even fill four glasses!  I have never been to an establishment where you pay a premium for buying in bulk.

We also ordered the nachos with guacamole and chicken (each of which commanded an additional $2 charge).  When the nachos arrived, it was obvious they didn't include additional chips for the added portions and the chip to topping ratio was amiss.  Needless to say, we tried to make the best of it but were left with no chips and unconsumed food.  We asked for additional chips but were told we couldn't have any.  If the restaurant isn't named Taco Bell, an additional 50 cents worth of tortilla chips should be a given.

Manayunk is full of great restaurants eager to please their patrons.  Cactus is not one of them.
Tony is an amazing banter-tender!! I would do 5 stars but it probably won't let me! He taught me  about so many drinks and beers ! Please try Grapejuice and 007!!!! He's very experienced and I'm so pleased. So glad this bar has someone that knows their stuff ! I wish the best for this bar and for this bartender!
It was a bustling Thursday night and we were wandering Manayunk for a good 30 min before we settled on Cactus Restaurant. It was one of the places that had seating available last minute for 6 and their billboard of 50 different margarita flavors and pitchers, and $5 quesadillas enticed us in.

Oh the regrets. Make a reservation and go elsewhere.  

We got their mango jalapeño margarita pitcher, green apple margarita pitcher $5 chicken quesadilla, queso dip, and seasoned fries (can't remember the name and it's not on their online menu for some reason).  
- Margaritas: The flavors were not bad; don't let the jalapeno deter you - it's not that spicy... but I could not taste ANY alcohol and there was SO MUCH ICE. Not really worth it. 
- Chicken quesadillas: This  was dry and flavorless with minimal cheese and chicken. No amount of their salsa or sour cream could salvage it. The hot sauce helped.
- Queso dip was ordered by a friend and I didn't try - but they left 75% of it behind.
- Seasoned fries: These were NOT seasoned. The best part of this was the cooked jalapeno and onions on it. Might as well have gotten regular fries. 

All in all. I'm not coming back here. There are so many better choices in Manayunk.
Cactus is the only restaurant I've been to where I've had to stop eating the food because it was so terrible. I gagged several times while trying to eat their beef "enchiladas". It was just a plate of greasy ground beef and a big heap of burnt cheese. It didn't even come with enchilada sauce to help drown out the disgusting mess of whatever it was on my plate.

I had their nachos previously which are actually pretty good, but holy crap were their enchiladas impossible to eat without gagging. 

The margaritas came with flies in the mix, too.

I won't go there again for sure.
I never give one star to any establishment lightly, but from the time we got there it was honestly the worst experience.

We walked in and immediately asked to be seated outside. The host accommodated us even though there was only a two seat table left. Our waitress took about fifteen minutes to even acknowledge us. It wasn't that busy. Just a regular Tuesday night. She was apologetic so we said it happens - no big deal. 

Well if didn't end there. We each ordered the classic margarita and I got two beef tacos. She took our orders and said she would be back with waters. A whole 25 minutes went by and she finally brought over the margaritas. I have to rant here - they were awful. Tasted like watered down sour mix. My friend finally reminded her that we never got waters. She apologized and went to get them for us. She brought back two glasses when there were three of us at the table. At this point we are all just confused at the service. 

Finally - the tacos arrive. They looked underwhelming but I was so hungry I took a bite right away. It tasted bland so I opened it to put hot sauce on it. At a closer look - I found a long hair that was buried in the sour cream. I waved the waitress down to tell her and she took them away immediately. I told her I no longer wanted food and she could tell I was upset. To make matters worse, no one came out to acknowledge what happened nor offered to comp our drinks for the horrendous experience we had. 

We all left incredibly disappointed and most likely will never return. Save your money - go somewhere else.
I've been here a handful of times throughout my time here in Manayunk thus far. Aside from a decent brunch, not really anything to write home about. When talking about Mexican options in Manayunk, I usually describe it as the following - if you want GOOD Mexican, go to Taqueria Feliz. If you want BAR Mexican, go to Cactus. Bar Mexican I think is a pretty good description.

The times I've been here, it's never been outwardly horrible, but never really good either. Went here last night with some friends. The place was not even half full and we were sat in the back of the first floor. Which that's not a big deal at all, but it was no excuse for our server to be MIA through much of our meal. We were right next to the computer station and even when we were trying to get her attention for the check when she was standing RIGHT THERE, she would ignore us and run off. 

The margaritas are a ripoff. We all realized we were ordering the same margarita type so we were like let's just get a pitcher. We asked how many drinks you got out of a pitcher and she told us 4-5. How many did we actually get? 3. We got 3 margaritas for the 3 of us. $28 pitcher. I'm sure you can do the math and realize that is a few bucks more per margarita than if we had just ordered them individually. 

The food is alright. I mean, you by no means go here for a killer meal. You go here if you want cheap decent Mexican-like food. Their specials are pretty good - we all did the $6 quesadilla. I had the steak and it was good. Not amazing, but good. 

They do have a lengthy tequila menu so if tequila is your thing, this may be a good stop. But don't waste your $$ on the pitchers of margaritas. I mean, I don't mind paying top dollar for a GOOD margarita but like other reviews have stated, their margs are all mix.

Will I be back? Sure, if I'm with people that want to go. But I don't go out of my way to eat here.
This was the worst Mexican food I ever had in my life. Taco Bell is more appealing. I knew from the chips and salsa that it wasn't going to be good and I should have left but didn't. Playing it safe, I ordered chicken quesadillas but they were awful. It seems like they use a mix of cheeses and it isn't good. Service was good and prices are reasonable but the food isn't edible.
While out with my fiancee and some friends at the bayou bar and grill the manager Tony told my fiancee that he "doesn't deal with Puerto Ricans" and that she should "shut up if she wanted her drink" because she informed him that a word on his menu was spelled incorrectly. When I approached him about it he told us to get out of the restaurant. While leaving the business we all witnessed him turn a African American couple away because they "weren't serving anyone else" but he then allowed a white male enter when the couple walked away. I've been here many times before with my coworkers and never had any issues but we will not be returning as long as he works there.
Stopped by for an early dinner on a Thursday night, so the place wasn't that crowded. Their beer selection is great. The service, food, and management leave a lot to be desired.

In over two hours of sitting at our table, I was able to obtain exactly two beers. It took over ten minutes for our server to tell me that they were out of the first beer I ordered. After waiting over fifteen minutes for him to return with the second bottled beer I ordered, he asked me if I wanted another of my first beer because he forgot I had already asked for something different. After that, I waited another fifteen minutes for it, ten of which the beer was sitting on the end of the bar perhaps fifteen feet away. I probably would have tried five or six of their premium beers. Everyone else at the table had similar problems, and we never seemed to get any water.

I am rarely displeased with Mexican food, but the quesadillas were the worst I've ever had. The garlic mashed potatoes and citrus chicken tasted the same somehow. The staff bringing things out from the kitchen had no idea which table's food they were carrying. We were constantly asked if we ordered whatever they happened to be carrying, and an enchilada meant for someone in my party ended up going to someone at the table next to us (who immediately started eating it). After waiting for another enchilada to be made, it came out covered in sour cream, when my friend had specifically asked for none. Even though he hates sour cream, he ate around it rather than waiting for a third attempt.

When the bill came, I found that I was charged for the beer they were out of as well as the two I actually had. When I brought it to the server's attention he seemed to know exactly what I was going to say, which was at the least very sketchy. It took quite a long time to get it removed from the check, which our server told us the manager had to approve. The manager was sitting behind the bar on his phone, drinking a beer. He never came over to address any of the issues we had. Somehow a casual dinner ended up taking nearly two and a half hours, and the next time I'm in Manayunk I'll be headed elsewhere.
Went here with the hubster and some friends for a friends birthday party.  When we first arrived, we'd wondered where we were going to sit, because we'd made a reservation for 8 people, and there were no available tables.  The waitress immediately went back to where our table was to be, and told the people who had sat themselves, that they had to move, due to the table being reserved.  Most places don't even do that anymore, afraid to "butt hurt" a customer. So for that I give kudos. Brave waitresses = Ok by me :)
I ordered the espresso martini (can't remember the exact name but I know it had espresso in it, and I had two of them) Muey Bueno! I ordered enchiladas and oh my goodness it was almost too much food for me .  I moved here from Oregon over a year ago, and had been trying to find a tex-mex/mexican place worth a crap, and now I've found something to tie me over until  my next mexican/tex-mex adventure at least, and I know if In Manayunk, Cactus is where I'm at for some grubbin food, and some stellar martinis!
Let me preface this that the if I could give 5 stars for the wings and salsa..I would. 

Cactus is usually my go-to for cheap wings on Thursday's, but lately I've become more and more disappointed and it stems from the absolutely poor service.

1. Do not order a soda unless you ask beforehand if there are free refills. I found this out the hard way because despite not being charged for refills on the various occasions (10+ times I've been there) I was charged. I asked the waitress about this and she said "it depends on who is working as to who charges you"... which is my opinion is ridiculous. Also- I can't even remember the last time I was ever charged for a refill at any restaurant I've been to.

2. The drinks are very watered down. I ordered a pitcher of margaritas with my friends and it was 10% alcohol / 90% juice. I wouldn't waste your money on those.

3. The manager is very rude almost every time I'm there. 

4. The service is slow and almost non existent. (This is not all of the time.. There have been times my waitresses has been awesome) In particular, last night our waitress took 20 minutes to bring us our drinks and chips and salsa. She never asked us for refills on anything. In addition, she also forgot to bring my friend her food.. I can't imagine tacos take an hour to make. 

It's unfortunate because sometimes I go to cactus and everything is great, but lately I've been walking out disappointed. I will likely go back intermittently because you can't beat 10 wings for 3.50, but I would never go there for any other food. If you want good Mexican, you should walk down to La Taqueria Feliz.. much better food and service.
Yay I would give it 3 1/2 stars if I could.  Went there for a girls night out and immediately ordered pitchers of sangria & margaritas oh yummy! Drinks were excellent, service was pretty good.  Two bathrooms for the whole restaurant... not good =0(  We ordered the cactus nachos which were up there in my top 5 best nachos of the world!! Excellent nachos!! I was stupid and ordered something else thinking it would be just as good.  Nope.  My recommendation is nachos & sangria and you will be set.  Also the dj kept changing the songs we liked.  Like we would hear it for 30 seconds and then he would skip..poop =( 
I would totally go back for the nachos & sangria!!
Checked in here, had one sip of my margarita and couldn't wait to check out. The servers were very polite and nice. Everything else was quite miserable. The margaritas tasted and nearly looked liked flat sprite. They were extremely syrupy sweet with the this slightly flat carbonation. Tacos were a hit or miss. Some were cold but one friend of 5 said his pulled pork was decent. Overall I'd recommend walking right by this place.
Worst service ever.  After sitting here at a table for 20 minutes, I'm writing this review before I get up and leave.

We saw the GM/owner standing in the doorway, asked if they had a bar, and when he said yes, asked of we could have a table outside and sat down.  With 8 tables outside, there are 3 girls at one table, already with drinks, the other tables all set but empty.  We sat, he went inside (I thought to get menus for us)

After about 5 minutes, my girlfriend got up to go inside and had to ask the same guy for menus.  No excuse for not knowing we were sitting there now!

After 5 more minutes, same older man in a polo shirt came out and sat 2 women next to us.  With in 2 minutes a waitress came out to take their drink order.  Asked if they had any questions on menu, and then took their food order!  She looked at me (as she had to squeeze past to get by as we were closest to the sidewalk) and said "I'll be right with you".  After a few minutes she came back out and went to the first table of girls to take another drink order, looked at use and went back inside.  After 5 minutes, with not even a glass of water, and the table after us placing their drink and food order, I decided to poke my head in the door to see if they were just really slammed...they're not. There's maybe 8 people total inside.  i'm going to put my phone down for 10 min before I start writing this review incase they come out with an excuse for the lack of service, or just wont come over with my phone out.

Its now been 25+ minutes total.  No waitress, no drinks, no chance in hell I'm going to sit here like a fool and wait to be disappointed even more.  I don't care if they have kobe beef tacos with free tequila shots, I'm going next door where I know I can get good food and equally as good service.

I highly recommend avoiding this place.  There is a taco shop a few storefronts down to the right and one about 1.5 blocks in the other direction with a liquor license, both with excellent service and food.  Go there, avoid the same disappointment we had.
I would like to preface this rant a of a review by saying that I used to be a big fan of Cactus! I frequently have enjoyed their $10 margarita pitchers and fajitas! I also am a frequent patron at the Bayou next door and have participated in Manayunk sport and social for several seasons.

All that being said, I was appalled at the service I received at Cactus last night! Sorry for the length of this post, but I really want to paint you the whole picture. 

The manager, Tony, was our server . After waiting at the front door for about 5 minutes ( I get it , he was checking to see if people at the bar were waiting for a table, fine ) Tony comes over and without using any words points to my boyfriend and points to a table that was available ... 15 minutes after being seated Tony comes around and asks if we are ready to order drinks. By this point we were ready to order our drinks and food ! Tony scoffs at both me and my boyfriends drink orders when I ordered a blue moon and he ordered a cocktail. He suggests that my boyfriend gets a different cocktail with better alcohol in it for a dollar more. It was under the margaritas so I thought that sounded good too (foolish of me) . When I told Tony I would take that too he asked if i "could handle it" and then told us he likes to call them " roofy-ritas"!!!!

And that they are how he " got his wife" (real cute....) 

I should have changed my mind right then and there but I try not to take things too seriously so I shrugged that COMPLETELY INAPPROPRIATE NICKNAME FOR A DRINK off and went against my better judgement and got it anyway...

The drink was disgusting. 

I ordered 2 waters with our drinks...never got them. Tony said he would bring over our salsa and chips... he never did. 

I will say my fish tacos were pretty good but my boyfriends meal came out wrong, very disappointing.

Tony came over to ask me if I needed a water to help wash down my "roofy-rita" and I said yes I would actually like water ( considering I ordered it in the first place) ... once again he never brought it.

At the end of the meal my boyfriend gave Tony his card to pay the bill. Over 10 minutes later Tony comes back to our table looking at us wondering if we needed anything else. We pointed out that we had already given him the card to pay the bill and Tonys face immediately turned to panic as I watched him wandering around the bar looking for the card and the bill! 

Like I said I try not to take things too seriously , but I have been bothered by the language the manager , the level of service, and complete lack of any sign of professionalism at this establishment , since leaving dinner last night.
This place deserves your attention. Locally owned, full of craft beers (that are good), a LOT of food, beer, drink, margarita specials.  Food is good, good bang for your buck. This isn't a romper-room full of the kiddies like Mad River. 

Like the ambiance, love the tacos and salsa. Will be back!
So my girlfriend & I came in during the Manayunk "Stroll the Street" event. Cactus Only had 1 appetizer available for the $5 special & it was a cheese dish. What if I was lactose intolerant? Why isn't there a cheese free option for the special? Or why wasn't that clearly explained on the door, sign or via rude ass doorman. But fine we order & our food was less than ideal (how do you mess up your signature wings??). All waitresses seemed very scattered. They didn't take our order right away. Another waitress was cutting oranges on the bar counter with NO CUTTING BOARD & didn't wipe it off after she was finished. Then proceeded to dig in her ear; YUCK especially from a lady!!!

I WONT be back. EVER.  #MrProTip
Walking in the door Leah was very helpful .Look only a few Mexican restaurants that give you free free chips and salsa. Apparently the morons in the Northeast can't figure this out but these guys got it. I mean you're not breaking the bank, it's a snack with a $10 Margarita pitcher... oh wait this was a random Monday afternoon. Bartenders were phenomenal. Our servers Colleen and Ryan did a a great job of taking care of us. Margarita's not too sweet salsa awesome. Perfect snack stop in my case 5 hours.
Stopped in for lunch today, and thought it was good. Unfortunately, the bartender was also the sole server, so things moved very slowly. We had to wait 15 min or so for our drinks, and then about the same to get our orders in. 

Service aside, the food was pretty good. The salsa they give you with the chips is actually among the best salsa I've had in Philadelphia. We both had sandwiches -- pulled pork for Wife and chicken club wrap for me. Both were very tasty, and I would def eat here again. It also looks like they have good drink specials during the week.

Would probably stop back in again.
The service was great but the food was TERRIBLE. I had the driest chicken in my tacos and cant tell if the corn tortillas were either old or poorly defrosted, I'm not sure, but they were chewy in a bad way. I was really disappointed overall and don't care to revisit. At least we got free chips and salsa when we sat down.
I'm usually the first to suggest going to Cactus. Their food is generally solid and prices are reasonable. Unfortunately tonight was not what were used to when we came to pick up a takeout order. Servers and bartenders were pulling down masks while leaning in to talk to patrons and making drinks without masks on. 

Food was not nearly as good as usual. The fajitas were the smallest portion I've ever seen. The steak burrito was all fat. The wings were so overdone the bones were cracked and splintered. 

I understand COVID has upended many things, but this was beyond anything reasonable.
This was a great spot to go after being in the cold for so long for the Eagles Super Bowl parade. At the time there was one waitress on the floor but she was amazing (she even let me charge my phone, true angle). We were able to get street parking right in front if the restaurant and as a party of 4, was seated very quickly. In addition the staff was extremely polite. They had a special of $0.35 wings with a Smokey buffalo sauce. It was great and the price was even better for 10 wings. My only complaint was that a basket of unseason fries cause $7.00, that overpricing a item with no real value. A lot of specials start later so I would recommend this place for and evening time of spot unless you don't want a crowd its perfect  for the lunch hour as well.
NOT the place to be on Cinco de Mayo. There was one guy. No mask. He's running around. He looked super overwhelmed. There was no order around the place so I just went up to the table and asked if I could order. It was roughly 7:20ish. He goes IM NOT TAKIN ANYMORE ORDERS UNTIL 10/11. 

I was like uh...what about margaritas. Here's the thing. We saw the sign. Says margaritas. (We being the boyfriend and I) we are like hell yeah. Just got our tacos from taqueria feliz (they dropped the ball a little but even in them dropping the ball their service is phenomenal) we were hype to see such easy access to margaritas. 

So I ask about the margaritas. He says oh yeah I can do that. I ask if he does non frozen. He looks and says I only have mango (not the answer to my question but cool since that's what the bf and I want) so he goes makes them. They're huge. I'm hype. (Although he did put the straw in with his bare hands. Oh yeah no mask no gloves nothing) The outdoor menus says taco Tuesdays $5 margaritas. 

Makes them. Hands them over. $40. I literally felt my heart skip a beat. WHAT?! He says 32oz $40. I said but the sign it says $5 for Tuesday's. He goes that's in house only. 

SIR WE ARE IN THE MIDDLE OF A PANDEMIC WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU HAD IN HOUSE SERVICE?! 


So I'm looking because the sign that says frozen margaritas which is on the other wall doesn't have any price. Just "FROZEN MARGARITAS ORIGINAL/MANGO/CHERRY" 

No price. 

He goes if you don't want them I'll take them back. I hesitated and the only got one. Highway robbery. Period. 

It's wildly unacceptable to have that up there....KNOW YOU HAVE SPECIALS EVERY DAY....and then say oh but those are in house. As if there's not a pandemic. Other places still have their daily deals. I didn't think anything of it that they had their daily deals as well. 



Man....so now I'm drinking a watered down margarita because (it was with chopped ice) and out $20 instead of $10. 

I hope no one else is swindled by them. Hence my yelp review. 

I would have done better going and getting a cider from my local sandwich shop.


Edit: this has no alcohol in it. Makes sense why I wasn't carded.
Dive bar with okay price points for Manayunk.

Desert Heat Chili - Lot of beans in this one and not a ton of actual Chili. The spice level was high but my girlfriend and I both did not care for it and the waiter was nice enough to take it off the check.

Chips and Salsa - First round is for free! If it is free it is for me! Or is it? The reason I pose this question is because the chips were not hot and the sauce by God man you MUST have good salsa if you are going to call yourself a Mexican restaurant! If you are looking for sauce with a good kick go to Taqueria Felix.

Santa Fe Eggrools - This was the winner of the day. Chicken, corn, and black beans stuffed in a very soft pastry like egg roll cut up into about 6 small pieces with some ranch dipping side in the middle. This appetizer goes for $9.95 at full price. Didn't seem like a steal of deal but food was improving after the first two fails.

Steak Fajitas - The steak was much better then expected. I have had the Fajitas several times at the Cactus's competitor Taqueria Felix and I can say hands down the Fajitas at this place are the better deal. 

I would not run back to this place but would certainly entertain the idea of coming back for a happy hour. And as always people SYOY!!
I'm a big fan of free chips and dips and whatnot, however, I am not a fan of stale chips and flavorless dip and this happens to be what I got at Cactus. 

I enjoyed the decor but the food wasn't really anything special or out of the ordinary, especially with the prices they charge. They have taco Tuesdays where tacos are 2 bucks each...Let's just say I'd refer you to taco bell before telling you to come here for tacos.

In any case, also on Tuesdays, they have their "Cactus Margarita" for 5 bucks. I'm not gonna say it's a great deal because it tastes like something straight outta the mix bottle, therefore, something I could've made for myself and a bunch of friends for much less than $5 per head.

I've eaten at the Cactus twice- the first time wasn't a great time and I swung back for a 2nd round just in case I could prove myself wrong but alas, I've come to the conclusion that I won't be making a 3rd trip here.
My friend and I came here around 2pm on a Monday. It happened by default, as most of the restaurants on Main Street were closed. We sat ourselves down at the bar and got to drinking. After a few drinks, I ordered the pulled pork tacos and my friend had a burrito. Not bad, not stellar. Just a standard very place to drink and eat Mexican food. It's got a very college feel even in the middle of the day, so keep that in mind if that's not your thing.
Went here for early dinner with 3 of my friends about a week ago. We asked for a table and the host immediately asked to see all of our ID's. Now, not all of us are 21, and none of us even were planning on drinking at all. Maybe this is standard for manyunk or something since it's a bit of a party area, but i've never had this happen to me anywhere. It was awkward and seemed like they didn't want us there( the place was basically empty at this time, btw). This kind of made me want to leave but I was hungry and like I said the place wasn't busy. Now, i'm not normally that crazy about Mexican, mainly because i'm a somewhat picky eater, but i'm trying to be more adventurous. We explained that we just wanted something to eat and they dropped it and seated us. We were given chips & salsa to start which were pretty good. They have different specials on different days of the week and the day we went was something like $6 quesadillas. So, I figured I'd try that. The quesadilla was probably the best I ever had! It was great and really flavorful. Our waitress was fine, not memorably great or bad. Not sure if I would come back here just to eat because of the awkward seating thing, but like I said the food was very good.
We came from center city because the corn/cheese mix they do with their nachos really goes unmatched. For the rest of the menu: fish tacos burnt to a visible crisp. Pitcher of margs more watery than margy. We left and went for drinks elsewhere. Wait staff was extremely available tho. 3 stars because of waitstaff. Won't travel back for food again.
I was in Manayunk for a charity bar crawl a couple of weeks ago, and we stopped at Cactus for some nachos. Like most bars in the area, a bouncer was checking IDs at the door. I felt like I was fresh out of college.  We grabbed a round of drinks which were moderately priced and ordered Cactus nachos. There was some kind of creamy corn sauce on the chips. The first couple of bites tasted great but my stomach felt like lead after 3 chips. These nachos are loaded and the "small" portion is huge. It also looked like there was an entire pint of sour cream dumped on top of the nachos. Four friends couldn't finish half of the dish.

Cactus nachos weren't bad, but I'd never make the trek out to Manayunk just to eat there. I'm spoiled with Loco Pez, Dos Segundos, and Sancho Pistola's all within walking distance.
After paying a few more visits to this "cantina" and having a better experience each time I am now ready to reward Cactus  with another star! 

The one major gripe I had with Cactus in my previous review was that it seemed understaffed and the bartender doubled as the waiter and then again as the hostess.  They must have read my review because now they have plenty of servers and a bartender who has plenty of time to make you a drink and have a friendly chat!

The seem to also have expanded their brew menu by adding some Philadelphia Brewing Company(!!!!) and other microbrews.  Also, try the wings.....more tangy than spicy and have an amazing crisp to them....on Wednesday's the special is .25/wing.

I am so happy to see that this place is making improvements and bettering themselves.....Cactus is now is my top 5 bars along Main Street!
The only good thing was our sweet waitress . Disgusting nachos with some fake queso . How the heck do you mess up nachos ? Margarita was gross too . Yuck yuck yuck.
I posted this four years ago and a friend just notified me some clown at this restaurant responded this post was fake.  It is 100% genuine so nice attempt manager guy.
My first experience with Cactus was on a Memorial Day, which probably gave me a far more favorable impression of the place than I normally would have gotten.  Service was lightning fast (of course, the place was dead!), bar staff was pleasant...plus, Cactus does $10 margarita pitchers on Mondays.  This alone kept a friend coming back on a number of Mondays thereafter!

Actually having meals before 8 PM at Cactus, however, is an entirely different world.  I've now been there for brunch, weekday dinner, and weekend dinner, and have seen one HUGE theme -- almost entirely absent wait staff.  This would be a little more forgivable if the place had more than 10 tables!  When celebrating a friend's birthday, 25 minutes went by between being able to order drinks and food.  Outrageous!  However, I do have to hand it to their incredibly friendly owner, Tony; when he found out what happened, he offered us two rounds of shots on the house.  As for the food, not bad...I'd definitely recommend them for Sunday bunch (especially if you find other Main Street spots too crowded).
Love this place on Mondays....$10 pitchers of margaritas! Definitely delicious and worth the money.
I do not know why this is at 3 stars!  Their over all atmosphere is great! Start off with a free basket of chips and salsa...their beer and mixed drink selection is huge. The bartenders are friendly! One night my room mate were there on an empty week night B/Sing with the bartender all night and he def knocked off a round or two of drinks for us. We left him a nice tip!  The daily specials are unbeatable! Margarita Mondays! $10 pitcher!  Normally they are $28....not worth $28...but on Mondays...well worth it!!  Their burritos are great! I think once i had one that was sub-par...but that was one time.  All of their other Mexican food i have had is excellent! The buffet on the weekends!!! def try it! for $8 you get eggs, sausage, pancakes, sausage, bacon, small burrito, pastries, fruit, and great drink specials.  Sangria is very good! Not too strong but still good.  5 star bar in Manayunk!!  I go two-three times a month... if you are in the Manayunk sport and social league you get a free drink after the game.  So after our Sunday softball games we usually go there instead of the bayou now!
Solid place, tucked away on main street.  They have southwestern style food which is pretty solid and a good beer selection.  Definitely need to take advantage of their specials, my favorite is Margarita Mondays which offers $10 pitchers and comes with free chips and salsa.  When the weather's nice there's outdoor seating.  Defintiely worth checking out.
Never met a margarita I didn't like (or at least could tolerate) until our trip here today. The menu describes a delicious recipe -- tequila, triple sec, and fresh lime juice. Sounds great! I'm diabetic so I inquired if they add simple syrup to it and if they did could they make it without. Our waitress said she'd go ask. She comes back to tell us the bartender can substitute it with Sprite or Club Soda. I said, no thanks, just make it with the ingredients listed -- tequila, triple sec, and fresh lime juice. She looked at me like I had 7 heads. Being with a group of 4, I relented because, it's Easter and it was probably her first day as a waitress. Well, needless to say, what came to the table was so disgusting I couldn't drink it. The others at the table agreed but drank what we called lemonade since there also was no tequila in it. Rough. The food was ok. Portions for the fajitas and fajitas salad were weak. Beef and chicken enchiladas were ok. Overall, never again. I'll  stay with Loco Pez, Hefe, Sancho Pistola, Adobe Cafe, anywhere that serves quality food and drinks, and even Chipotle before I go back to Cactus.
We went on a Saturday night, so it was busy, which was expected. It was just two of us and we were in a little corner and were seated really tightly. The food was good, but for the price you get a really small portion, which is not great for mexican food - I always say the more the merrier! Strawberry margarita was great, but I've had just as good tasting margs for a lower price. 

I think if I had gone on a less busy night and was a little more comfortable, I would have enjoyed myself a bit more. Also, if I ever go back I'll make sure I'm willing to spend a good amount of money so I get a bit more food.
I have gone here a couple times for brunch. The food is bland but the price is right: $8.00 for an all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. The food needs seasoning but again:  8 bucks. Can't beat it, and you don't have to wait for your food! My real issue is the wait staff, unfortunately. LOUD and shouting to each other about stuff we don't want to all know: how drunk you got recently, how much you dread turning 30, how you only plan to work there another year and then get a "big girl" job, how you don't consider bloody mary's to be an alcoholic beverage...  The place was nearly empty both times I was there for brunch and witnessed this, so it's loud enough that you can barely carry on a normal conversation at your table. It's not like you WANT to listen to these girls talk, but you HAVE to. It's a shame. Good music is playing. But you can barely hear it over the bartender and server's banter.
Go there to drink but don't expect anything of the food.  Nothing on the menu resembles anything close to Mexican cuisine.  I'm always surprised when it's crowded, went once and won't go back.
I am giving 2 stars just for the Guacamole.. I ordered the chicken quesadilla and I've had better from Wawa which is pretty bad. I had maybe 3 little bites of chicken, the rest cheese and tortilla. I didn't get salsa or sour cream on the side. It was the saddest quesadilla I ever did see. Also our food was completely cold when we got it, but we ordered from grub hub so I'm not sure who is to blame for that.
Very average- I have given this place a second chance the other weekend and that is the last it gets. The nachos looked so good based on the menu description but when they came, it was luke warm with tons of chunky non-melted cheese with corn. It seemed like they poured a can of creamed corn with cheese all over the nachos. The steak fajitas were a huge disappointment- the steak was over marinated and there was hardly any steak but tons of onions and peppers. Not a fan and wouldn't go back.
I'm not a connoisseur of Mexican food by any means, but to me, the food at Cactus was exceptional.  The guacamole left something to be desired, but other than that, I enjoyed every last bite of my steak fajitas and the gargantuan nacho appetizer my friends and I ordered.

The reason I only gave this place a three out of five star rating is because of the quality of the drinks.  One thing I AM a connoisseur of is Long Island Iced Tea's.  And quite frankly, their was absolutely HORRIBLE!  The margaritas were okay... but if you ask me, drink wise... stick to the beers when you are here.  They have quite a selection.
Absolutely horrible.  The chips were stale.  The food is overpriced and terrible.  The service was the worst I've ever experienced.  We were finishing our beers, and the server asked us to "order something else" if we wanted to continue to sit there...this is after paying $50 for a crappy meal.  I don't know who the server was the evening of 9/1 for the outside tables, but I would recommend a new staff.
Update: I have eaten the food. Cactus gets another star for that!

First off, the fajitas. The servings are HUGE and all the fixins come out sizzlingly hot. My only minor gripe was the way the lettuce, sour cream, etc came out all on one plate. It made putting the fajita together a little tougher if there was something on there you didn't want.

But the real gem, crazy as it seems, are the firecrackers. See, I love poppers. They're spicy, fried and filled with cheese which basically makes them meet three of my four major food groups (the other being chocolate, of course). But the firecrackers aren't the wimpy frozen things you get at any pizza place in town. Oh no, these are huge singe-your-mouth peppers filled with a wonderfully melty gooey blend of cheeses and fried to crisp perfection. They're messy, certainly unhealthy and burn even my mouth a bit, but they are by far the best cheese-filled pepper concoction I've found.

Firecrackers = worth a whole new star.

(Was tempted to write about the firecrackers without giving an extra star, though, just to reflect the irritation I feel with their frequent and lousy guest bartenders. I don't care how cute she is, if she can't pour my drink and take my money get her the hell out from behind the bar!)
This is the 2nd time I've gone to Cactus. The 1st time was underwhelming too, but we were willing to give it a 2nd chance because they offered make your own bloody mary's during brunch. Well, they apparently stopped doing that and the result was the worst bloody mary I've ever had. It literally tasted like it was water and horseradish. Couldn't taste any tomato or vodka; I didn't finish it. My gf's mimosas mediocre (according to her). Her huevos rancheros tasted plain, if not bad. My chorizo omelette was not good either. The chorizo was dry, the eggs tasted like a mix, and the cheese wasn't even melted. I don't like leaving bad reviews, but this place deserves it; don't waste your money. 2 stars because the server was great and it wasn't her fault the food and drinks weren't any good. Will not go back.
When I went to use my free app offer that yelp gave me no one knew what to do. I eventually got some really horrible nachos and service. The only redeeming part of this place is when DJ Ronnie is upstairs.
Cactus is a great, casual tex-mex on Main Street in Manayunk. Nice beer selection, great as a restaurant or just for drinks at the bar.
What the actual f. I came from Houston, Texas. Looking to enjoy a nice margarita and some basic Mexican food. My expectations were not that high, obviously. But when I say worse margaritas ever... Honey, was there even tequila in it?  It was watered down and frothy. Food was tasteless. I'd rather eat Taco Bell. Everything was as though it came out of a can. Server was nice but oh no, the food and Ritas were hideous.
Every time some other place has a wait, we give up and go here- never have a problem getting a table, and there's outside seating. Pricing isn't anything to rave about, but on Main Street it's hard to find a good deal. 
The server was super friendly, and dogs are welcome on the patio. I had their chili, which was okay, and my fiance had the enchiladas, which he said were a little burnt. The chips and salsa were pretty solid. Inside has a bar and some entertainment stuff, with a specials board that includes drinks and cheap wings.
The drinks and the customer care are the only redeeming factor to this place. Not an authentic Mexican food- order chicken enchiladas without cheese or sourcream and the chicken was crunchy...like old rubber crunchy! Sent it back got beef tacos much better but the beans were super dry. The group said the beef was good. Probs wouldn't come back.
Absolutely terrible in every aspect.  My fiancé and I came here on a Saturday at 5:45.  All of the waitstaff were standing around the back of the restaurant looking at us awkwardly.  Eventually the bartender greeted us from behind the bar and pointed to the table where we will be seated.  I ordered "The Cactus" margarita, and it was salt lime juice and water.  Not a drop of tequila in it.  I'll give it to them that the salsa was good because of the added chipotle.  However, they have the audacity to charge $4 for an extra basket of stale chips.  Our food came out reasonably quick. My fiancé ordered the chicken fajitas and I ordered the 5-Alarm burrito.  Mine was dry as a bone, bland, and not spicey at all.  I'm reasonably sure that they got a frozen burrito from wava and heated it under a panini press.  My fiancée chicken was also dry and just over all bland.  Then came the waiting. We asked our waitress for the check and then she disappeared for 20 minutes.  I asked her again as she passed by our table, and still had to wait another 10 minutes.

It's a different story if they were the only show in town, but this is Main Street manayunk.  There is no reason for places like this to be taking up space if this is the quality and service they are offering.
Came here back in October. We were originally seated in the front, but there was a loud bar crowd and my friend wanted to be moved. We were relocated to the back facing the bathrooms (I would've preferred the bar noise over toilet flushing but that's no one's fault). I would recommend the Baja tuna, it was pretty good. Chips that came with the guac were sort of stale and weird tasting. It was also crazy cold, I kept my coat on the whole time. There was also large man working the back computer. I'm not sure if he was the owner or a manager, but he was so loud and goofy that I thought he was drunk patron. He kept shouting around at people at the bar or staff; our waitress seemed really embarrassed. We thought it was kind of strange, especially since it looked like he was in a position of authority. The same thing happened with someone at the bar yelling across to a neighboring table. It was a mess. I don't get what the deal was... it was kind of like a zoo...
I am glad, I didn't dine in this restaurant. After a meal on Manayunk, I just wanted to get a drink with my friend. I should have known, when the tables were empty. My friend got a Mojito and I got a Mexican coffee. Bartender actually had no clue, how to make it. And when I got it, it was tasteless.

When I started looking around, I realized how lousy was the service. Expect some rude service. And I never had a whiff of the good aroma, which comes from a Tex-Mex restaurant. My least choice to dine around in the area.
Cactus is my favorite Mexican restaurant in the area, always delicious food and hear service! I highly recommend their shrimp burrito and loaded burritos (I usually alternate between those two choices). Their bar had a great selection of tequila as well
As non-tequila options. I just recently
Tried the brunch buffet on a Saturday and was pleased with the spread  but wish they had more Mexican breakfast options. 

I had a private party for my birthday in the upstairs area and it was fantastic! I can not say enough about how great the waitress was who served us and for $25 a person we had open bar, a Dj, the whole area to ourselves, food and a private waitress to serve is drinks! My friends are still raving about what a great party and great deal this was and I highly recommend cactus for a birthday party!
Not the best Mexican food around but certainly not the worst.  Good service, good prices and options for people looking to eat healthy!
Terrible Margaritas, Spotty Service and Mediocre food just about sums up our experience at Cactus. The guacamole was the only thing that salvaged this place to 3 stars. I ordered the fajitas and got 4 small pieces of chicken (seriously, 4! I managed to make one fajita). Given how overpriced everything was, we certainly won't be returning anytime soon....
Soooooo some people get so offended because they're not related to on a personal level. Tony is thee Coolest Guy I've ever met. Someone you can argue about sports with but then get advice from like an uncle. On top of great food?!?! What more can you ask for??? The salsa?? Omg you definitely know it's home made. Please ignore the rude reviews. This place is awesome!! I've been a regular for at least 4 years. Can't wait to come back. I'm always well taken care of...
I'm not going to lie I was very surprised how good the food was here. I had steak fajitas and a margarita and wasn't disappointed the least. I enjoyed my meal and will definitely be back soon.
Great food, great drinks, great atmosphere, great service! Definitely a staple of manayunk
Ew! This place is actually gross. Ate here over the weekend with family and the decor was dated, service was slow, and food was really bad. I ordered a veggie burrito and realized on about the second bite that there was a bunch of pork hidden inside. The waitstaff did replace it, but eating meat for the first time in over 5 years led to a really upset stomach and ruined the rest of my night -- definitely not worth it for such bad food! There were 4 others in my party who all ordered different things (five alarm burrito, chicken quesadillas, fajita salad, and a chipotle chicken sandwich), and nobody was even slightly impressed. Perfect excuse to have a second dinner elsewhere after coming here.

The prices are decent and chips and salsa are good. That is about it. We were seated right next to the waitstaff station and it was loud, we saw waitresses drinking Gatorades and eating chips, and several things were dropped right in front of us. I totally understand that waitstaff need a place to eat, hydrate, and maybe take a quick break, but right in front of a table of guests is not the right place.
I am giving this 4 stars  because the service was wonderful. Everyone we saw walking around helped us out. The staff was working together filling waters, grabbing our plates, getting new beers...it was very good! 
25 cent wings were awesome but I will mostly be back because of the service! Everyone was so friendly!
Waitress brought us a round of drinks and appetizer, then completely disappeared. Wasn't busy. Had to get the bartender to cash us out.
Their brunch is more satisfying than their dinner. Then again, I've never had a bad breakfast burrito. Their nachos are particularly underwhelming for a Mexican joint. The tequila selection here is impressive but whatever else they're adding to their margaritas is not. If you can't make the pilgrimage westward to Plaza Azteca, Cactus will probably do the trick (service is attentive and friendly).
We ordered sangria, we did not enjoy :-(
Also the tortilla chips were uber salty and stale. No thanks!
It's rare, but every now and again I will fill an appeal to the Official Council of Yelp Ratings to request that a star be added to a business' review. It's an elaborate process that involves a meeting of dignitaries from around the globe, but sometimes, as in this case, it's worth it. Well, the council has spoken, and I hereby add a star to my previous review of Cactus.

We stopped in to watch a midday Phillies game today, and had a great experience, thanks mostly to the very friendly demeanor of Mike the bartender. He recommended that we order some of the wings, which were .25 on Wednesdays, and different than your usual buffalo wings. They are a smokey mix of a chipotle bbq sauce and wing sauce. I was really glad he did, as they were awesome, fried to crispy perfection. 

They also have a pretty impressive beer selection. To go with the TexMex theme, they have a wide array of Mexican beers, but they also have the full PBC line in bottles, and several other creative selections. 

I would definitely recommend stopping by for lunch one day.
Stopped in for a drink. The female bartender was extremely rude and acted as if i was bothering her when i tried to order a drink. I just had to hear her talk down about her management team to other guests for being cheap not buying fresh ingredients for drinks. Bad experience will not go back. Wish i could have experienced the food.
If you're looking for anything resembling real Mexican food, don't go here. The menu looked promising but the food just isn't good. This is strip mall Tex Mex food. With the prices they charge here, you're better off going to Qdoba or Chipotle--your food will at least contain other ingredients besides excessive cheese and meat.
Be sure to bring your ID on a Friday or Saturday night if you roll up after dinner. Because this is a popular college destination, you can usually count on a bouncer barring access on those nights. That being said, Cactus is really popular and is usually packed to the gills with that crowd on the weekends.

Once you're inside, the decor is fairly spartan, although the walls are bright shade of golden yellow, which evokes the southwestern/Mexican theme. My friends and I got a pitcher of sangria, which was a little watered down to my taste, but it was really cheap on special, so that was a win. 

I also ordered the beef enchiladas, which were all right--they came absolutely covered in cheese, which overpowered the simple beef flavors within (I say simple because it was just mildly spiced ground beef inside). Rice and black beans (not refried) come on the side. This kind of food is great for a late Saturday evening snack (or really late dinner) if you're out on the town.

The salsa for the chips basket is indeed delicious and has just the right burn. I gobbled that up fairly quickly. Just to clear up the question of the "free" chips and salsa: first round is always on the house. If you ask for another basket, you pay $4 for the pleasure of getting unlimited refills of the basket for the rest of the night.

The service was really good, though, and the waiter didn't even bat an eye at the wildly inappropriate conversation that was going on under his nose, so kudos to him!
Cactus Restaurant is a bar/restaurant located in a walkable bustling neighborhood with lots of revitalization in the works.  We enjoyed our visit with cocktails and shared appetizers.  Staff was friendly but a bit disorganized.  There was nothing bad about our visit but nothing was outstanding.  I would return and give them another try.  They seemed to have a lot of special activities and drink specials.
I don't really care to be suffocated by a packed house of college-aged twenty somethings, so my boyfriend and I stick to this place on Monday nights when we don't feel like spending money on a big fancy dinner and we have nothing in the house to whip up. 

Their staff on Mondays is always attentive and pleasant. Their margaritas are pretty darn tasty (I just try to forget I am drinking tons of well tequila) and their key ingredient is the o.j. they use...a healthy splash always gives a marg good taste.

Their complimentary salsa and chips is a nice bonus, although I end up snacking on it because on my buzz, not because I am particularly fond of the flavor - it's heavy on the garlic. 

Twice I've had their shrimp burrito - a cream sauce can seriously make anything taste good. Their wings (only had them as their special) are actually pretty darn tasty. One of the better wing deals/taste in this area in my opinion.

All is all, just go to enjoy a pitcher of margaritas, sit at the bar and watch the Phils. Nothing fancy...but sometimes that's all you need.
Terribly prepared faux mexican. I would have preferred Taco Bell. Maybe they're better not on Race Day, but I am hesitant to even bother trying again.
Stopped in for lunch once and the food was good and it came out really fast! There were homemade chips and salsa too, which I love! The prices are really fair and they seem to have great drink specials. I just moved to the area and I'll definitely be back!
My girlfriend and I dropped in on a Wednesday, just after the place had opened. This is really the only time I can enjoy Manayunk, when the raunchy bar crowds are still stuck at work, and on this night it made for a great early dinner. We hit up their 25-cent wing special for starters, and shared their pork enchiladas and "loaded burrito," the latter of which was smothered in a generous helping of rich, creamy cheese sauce. It was some excellent Tex-Mex, loaded with chili flavor but never too hot for comfort. My Malbec was tasty and my lady's margaritas were very fruity, just to her taste. Not much to complain about, but I can picture the late night scene looking quite a bit different from what I've just described.
This is a good spot if you're looking for a decent priced margarita. $7-10. They also do pitchers from $20-$30.  The food isn't special, nothing unique or very flavorful.  Big portions. It is what you would expect.  They have outside seating when it's nice out.  Service was very slow - no one came to the table for 15 minutes and the server was awkward.
Stopped here for lunch on a leisurely stroll through my old neighborhood.  This place ranks in the middle of the pack: not the best, nor the worst bar on Main Street.  The pulled pork sandwich was juicy and tangy, surprisingly it even tasted good the next day ( I took the leftovers home). The real stars of the meal were the salsa and chips.....the chips were salted and cooked to crispy perfection,  the salsa was fresh and flavorful-yum yum!

Unfortunately, the bar tender was also the only server during the lunch rush.  He was great at juggling both stations and even had time to throw in a few jokes but you could tell he was overwhelmed.  I definitely want to come back to this place and give it another whirl.
The burritos are really good! I have gotten the shrimp burrito twice and it was great. If soda is your thing the sodas taste really strange maybe due to the water in the area so I would maybe steer clear of that. I have forgotten my ID both times but def trying a margarita next time, they have a great happy hour.
I don't usually complain on here, but I figured I should include some place I thought was awful, instead of just my 5-star places.  Cactus is a good place to drink (so I've been told) but unless you are stoned out of your mind, don't order food there.  We went for a cheap brunch with the kids and I had to choke my food down.  It was a total waste.  NOTHING was flavorful.  Everything was dried out and barely edible.  Sooo... good crowd and drinking bar - yes.  Restaurant, NO!!!!
A solidly three star restaurant. We stopped by for lunch during the Manayunk Arts Festival to rest our legs and enjoy the air conditioning. The wait staff was very friendly and efficient dashing from table to table helping customers. We were expecting a Mexican restaurant, but this place is more of a tex mex establishment with typical bar decor. They serve "Americanized" Mexican meals like burritos and tacos that didn't have any exotic ingredients. The plates were plastic (picnic type) which was odd, but maybe it was just due to the arts festival. The food was ok. I had the breakfast burrito which was good, but not spectacular.  It came with a side of tortilla chips, but no salsa was offered.
Been wanting to try Cactus since I read about it in the Inquirer. Not impressed.

The chips were below average (mass produced, not home made)...and very stale! The salsa tasted like pureed tomatoes with specks of cilantro...it was awful...no flavor! If you're going to be a southwest/mexican themed restaurant, it's essential to have respectable chips and salsa.

The so-called spicy caesar salad was average (and not spicy)...it could have been worse, but also could have been much better. The chicken tacos were ok, but not much flavor or creativity.

The Lobster Quesadillas were ok, but again, could be better.

The limes in our drinks were old, discolored, and dried out. I requested some extras and they were more of the same.

The service was spotty, with very young, unexperienced, and poorly trained servers.

Mens bathroom was exceptionally clean.

Bottom line - there are so many better southwest and authentic mexican restaurants in the philly area. I won't be going back to this one.
Amazing service, amazing tacos, amazing drinks. If you want a nice afternoon with Mexican flavor, this is the spot to go to.
My boyfriend and I were dining in for the cheap wings. We asked our server for another order to go and if it was the same price. She said no. So we asked what if we got them for dining in but then boxed them to go...she said yes?? Lmao, I was surprised that worked? Lol... anyways the manager came over as expected and apologized because our server was wrong but he would still honor the discounted price for half the order.
I went in to Cactus with a group of friends for dinner last Saturday night. The food is really good considering how reasonably priced it is. There are a lot of placed in the Yunk in which you can pay twice as much and receive inferior food. They have the college football package which is really cool. We were watching three different games at once while we ate, and our waiter was a lot of fun to talk to...he knew a lot about both beer and football which made for good drinks and interesting discussion. 

We had originally planned to go to the brew pub after dinner but we ended up staying. They were running a ladies night special and there were A LOT of hot girls in there. We ended up closing the place down and having a blast. I'll definitely be there again soon.
1 ounce of "guacamole" for $11. There was no flavor. Just mashed avocado. Insanity. I ordered via DoorDash and my order was royally screwed up in all facets. 

Not worth it. Next time I'll just not eat
Small bar but great Mexican Food!  any the tacos are great!  I prefer the pork, but the usually get some of the beef and chicken too!  Fresh nachos are always great for dippin with the salsa they make in house.  I am a big fan of the Texas Shrimp and the firecrackers!

THe kitchen is open late so I like stopping by for a beer  and a late nite snack!

Really good draft beer selection - always something new!

My girl loves their tequila selection!

Liam makes the best Margaritas in town!

Great staff and always fun!
Very unprofessional establishment. I was a solo diner on a Tuesday night and was yelled at for asking for a table for one.. the guy 
  who worked there claimed he was working alone and couldn't help me for 20 mins. Furthermore the place reeked of trash and old sponges as soon as you walk in.. AVOID this dump. Gladly left and went to the place next door instead.
If you asked your whitest friend to please make the least spicy food possible, then restricted him from using salt or pepper, this is what those tacos would taste like.
Inedible food. Literally the worst meal I've ever been offered at a place claiming to be Mexican. Took one bite, gagged, and walked out.
I really wanted to like this place but they had a lot of things working against them. I went during the Manayunk Art Festival so I feel like the business of the day was difficult as it is. We weren't able to grab a table outside but they were still able to seat us inside immediately, despite having a larger group of people. 

We decided to order guacamole and a pitcher of sangria for the table. They didn't have enough sangria for a pitcher, so we ended up not being able to get some. That was kind of disappointing that they couldn't make more. I ended up ordering a berry margarita and it was just okay. It seemed like it came from a mix because there were clumps of mix throughout but despite that, the flavor was good. As for the guacamole, it left much to be desired. It tasted like they just mashed up some avocados with some other veggies and that was it. It had no spices or other flavors in it. We ended up asking for salt and pepper and I took the lime from my margarita and put the juice in it. After that, it was decent, but I wouldn't get it again. 

The other food we ordered was just okay. Two of my friends got quesadillas and they looked pretty good. They didn't have any complaints about them. My boyfriend and I ordered the pulled pork tacos to share and honestly they were pretty tasty. The pulled pork was flavorful and went well in the taco. I would get it again if I came back. 

As for the service, it was eh. I felt bad for the waitress, however because of how busy it was and she had to keep coming upstairs for us as we were the only table up there. She did a good job though for what she had to deal with so I didn't mind that it was slow. 

I don't know if I would go out of my way to return to Cactus, but I might return again in the future to give them another chance!
Food is so bad. If I were you I would not order the food, not authentic and honestly Taco Bell does a better job than this place, sad to say. Food was bland, sloppy and bad quality. This place has a good location for people watching..... and that's about it.
I was really impressed by this relatively new addition to the Manayunk restaurant scene. Our party of four all ordered different things and shared...impossible to tell who had the best dish because they were all so good! We ordered the pulled pork quesadilla which was stuffed thick with the good stuff. The pulled pork was incredible... I think my favorite might have been the texas shrimp pasta. It was spicy and creamy and absolutely fantastic. Additionally the margarita menu had more options that what I'm used to and the tequila selection was impressive. Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about the drinks and beers. He was also quite funny and had our table laughing several times. We will definitely be going back and asking for "the big guy" as our waiter again! Two thumbs up!
Amazing Mexican I don't know what these people are writing about.. great drink deals & delicious appetizers!!! Can't beat the 35 cent wings on Thursdays - crispy!! Highly recommend.
