TAKE OUT REVIEW 

I was looking forwarded to sampling the kitchen of Saigon Café, especially for a bowl of their bun bo hue and a bahn mi sandwich, but I failed to note that their hours were from 7 am to 6 pm. When I walked in at 6:55 pm, I was advised that the kitchen was closed and the doors would be locked in 5 minutes. My bad. 

Luckily, one of the women working the counter took pity on me and offered to make a bahn mi for me to take out, as she had all the ingredients available, and nothing needed to be heated.  I could work with that. I thanked her and ordered a roast pork bahn mi with all the trimmings. I watched as she and a cohort put it together, wrapped it up, bagged it, and handed it over - all for $4. Couldn't beat the price.

I realized as I stood there that Pho 75 was right next door and I could bring my sandwich there and have it with a bowl of their excellent pho. That's exactly what I did. The guys there acted like they had seen this before and were fine with me spreading out my meal with some solids. 

The beef noodle soup was awesome as always, and having the sandwich to eat with it made for a very nice meal. 

The banh mi was very good, with plenty of daikon, carrot, tender pork and leafy cilantro. The only weakness was the roll itself, which lacked the crispness of a French style baguette, but was soft and too pliant. I guess at the end of the day, the bread had been around awhile and lost its crispy edge. 

Aside from that I was satisfied, and plan to return to Saigon Café earlier next time so I can enjoy their menu more completely.
Cafe Saigon has the best banh mi in Philadelphia.

Don't believe me? Locals can't be wrong: there's usually a line of folks waiting to pick up their orders.

Or go there yourself (they are open 7 days a week, you have no excuse!): Saigon is easy to get to, in northeast Philadelphia near where Adams Ave. and Roosevelt Boulevard (Route 1) meet. The shopping center also has a KFC and a post office, in case you need landmarks.

I've been going to Saigon for about eight years (they've been open longer for sure). When I stop in I'm recognized, greeted, and given quick and amicable service.

I get at least one banh mi (those are Vietnamese hoagie, by the way) - usually two. There are regular and pork hoagies, selling for $2 and $3 each, respectively.

These delectable creations consist of, a crunchily thin toasted roll, pickled carrots, spicy green peppers, pate, cold cuts or slices of pork, soy sauce, hot sauce, and cilantro (its zesty aroma is more vivid than ever now that Saigon is nonsmoking). I also order a coconut drink to wash it all down.

In recent seasons, Saigon's recipe has changed slightly (example: pork is not as caramelized, pickles are different). Why mess with success? Maybe they are cutting costs? Thankfully, enough of the original formula remains for me to still recommend them. If you tire of banh mi, the eatery also has a decent assortment of Vietnamese cuisine on the menu including soups and desserts.

I have yet to find a place that sells better sandwiches than Saigon - if you know of one, tell me! *Strongly* recommended.
If you want quality, authentic Vietnamese banh mi...GO HERE.
I've been going to Cafe Saigon for banh mi since I was a little girl. There is no other place in Philadelphia that has banh mi thit nguoi like Cafe Saigon. I've tried plenty of banh mi places in Philadelphia, including the famous Fu-Wah Market, and I still end up going back to Cafe Saigon. 

The quality is top notch and every is made fresh right in front of you. The baguette is absolutely to die for and the pate & mayo they used are the perfect. 

The store itself is kinda of small and old-looking, but it's pretty clean. If you ever happen to sit down and order from the menu, you won't regret that either. The food they prepare is incredibly fresh and it comes out moderately fast. 

So, if you're short on time and what something satisfying, delicious, and cheap...and PERFECT banh mi - Cafe Saigon is my #1 place.
I have to hand it to humble proprietors of this place. We descended on them with a large crowd of 12, without warning an hour before closing. They were very nice and pulled together a few tables for us, and brought us all hot tea and ice water. They patiently waited while we amassed our entire group then let us order a huge amount of food. The food came out pretty quick and other than a few stumbles on our part of forgetting the numbers of which dish who ordered we all got our correct food in the end. I had the char-grilled chicken lemongrass with vermicelli and it was good. The chicken was moist, the greens were fresh but I would have liked a little more lemongrass flavor but it was still tasty. The general consensus was that all the food was good. Once again I have to give props to the staff for keeping the place open while we ate and chatted and even made some take out hoagies for several members of the group. I will definitely stop back in when I am up that way, because for a $3 hoagie and other cheap dishes how can you not?
Hungry and only got a few bucks on you? And somehow you're in Northeast Philadelphia? Well being a yelper who actually grew up in this area, I recommend you skip the dollar menu and come here for a yummy Banh Mi!

Do order the #1 ($3.50)- It's an airy baguette served with various Vietnamese cold cuts, sour pickled daikon and carrot, crisp cilantro, spicy chilis, cool sliver of cucumber, pork liver pâté, special homemade mayonnaise, and drizzled with Maggi soy sauce..mmm I'm dying here. I want one now. 

I also love their wonton noodle soup and Buon Cuon. Both are incredibly delicious compared to other places. If you have room for dessert, order the Che Ba Mau (3 colors drink- served with mung beans, black-eyed peas, kidney beans, tapioca, and jelly). Final tips include bring cash and come before 7 PM when they close.
Hells yes to Banh Mi
A culinary joy ride
with friendly service

I've recently started eating my way down the Adams Ave. Vietnamese corridor. Sadly to this point my experience with Vietnamese food has been limited in the seemingly limitless combination's of Pho ingredients...not any more. I have taken off the water wings and jumped into the deep end (mouth first). 

Seeing Dave H. and others review this as the best Banh Mi, I scrapped my systematic progression down Adams and jumped right to the end. I ordered the charbroiled pork version and with in minutes everything I thought I knew about sandwiches was rearranged like some cosmic Rubik's Cube in the hands of a sandwich genius that had correctly "solved" the puzzle by my last bite. 

The server working the tables was quite attentive and in between taking orders, getting people's drinks,  running down the strip mall to make a delivery, and explaining things, he was bringing checks to the tables at a pay at the counter place...just a little extra effort on his part and it was noticed and appreciated. 

I rolled in just after 1:30 and was one of 4 tables sat in the tiny restaurant. I understand there is a hefty lunch crowd and even in my after lunch time slot they were doing a steady, if not frantic, take out business.

This is a well liked establishment, by me for one and seemingly the rest of NE Philly too
Been coming here for years. I have my top 5-10 dishes that are a go to here such as the Original viet hoagie, the charbroiled pork banh mi, the pork chop over rice is always a winner here, bun bo hue is super good, their vermicelli bun cha Hanoi, etc.   any point is everything here is delicious.  I recently tried the Bo Luc Lac over rice and WOAH is it good.  Sorry I can never get pics of their food because I devour too quickly.  Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed.  Another plus is they open early for people like me who wake up hungry with cravings before work.
After dropping by earlier this month, mister and I realized that this place was under new management. Not a single familiar face was to be found behind the counter. The food shouldn't be affected, right? They wouldn't replace the chefs!

I ordered my usual banh mi thit nguoi and was very disappointed as I opened it up. Instead of thin, layered slices of Vietnamese deli meat, I found four 1cm-thick pieces. To be honest, the sandwich just seemed like it was made in a half-assed manner. The flavoring just wasn't the same. And yes, they replaced the chefs.

This USED to be my to go spot for banh mi thit nguoi. Oh, Cafe Saigon... you are not the same anymore. We miss the old you. I don't know where else to go... I'm sad.
I remember coming here to get some banh mi a few years back while stopping by to get some pho next door (pho 75).  It was ok, nothing to write home about so I started going to the nam vang restaurant to get my banh mi fix.  But something changed over the years, I felt nam vang was skimping on the fillings a bit and the pate wasn't as flavorful.  So, based on the recent reviews, I tried Cafe Saigon and I am happy to say that the sandwich is as good as I remember the first banh mi sandwich I tasted!  Needless to say I was not disappointed.  Even though it's a few more minutes up the road, it's well worth it.  It's even a quarter cheaper than nam vang!  It adds up when you buy 6 at a time.  :)
Dave H. organized an outing here since I'd never had banh mi, and boy am I glad he introduced me to it! You can't beat a $3 tasty sandwich. 

I was not in a good mood when I arrived (navigating roosevelt blvd during rush hour in a new car isn't fun), but the staff accommodated my lateness and the food cheered me up. They did a great job of handling our large party, and let us stay beyond their 7pm closing time to finish our meal.[ 

I kept it simple and went with the #1, but I'd love to try the #2 charbroiled pork banh mi sometime. 

Unfortunately I'm near this area for lunch, and dread making the drive from KoP after work again... Cafe Saigon can you please relocate to a more convenient location for me?
This place is SOOO good.  Like Dave H. says, the Banh Mi is the BEST in Philly.  But everything is good here.  Their coffee, there soups!  My parents favorite is the vegetarian chow mien, It's just crispy enough without being greasy, and the sauce just satisfies the palate.  With a Vietnamese meal, the most important part of it is their nouc mam, which is the sauce that goes with almost everything.  If the nouc mam is not good, NOTHING they make can possibly be good.  And Cafe Saigon definitely hits the nouc mam on the head. ** if hitting nouc mam on the head is possible **  =)  Look past the crazy neighborhood, and the cheap decorations.  Try this place out folks.
Philly Banh Mi is infinitely better than LA Banh M & Cafe Saigon proves it.

I lost my taste for banh mi for a little while now...but my cravings have been resurrected.

Other Philly banh mi's use italian rolls, whereas this place uses a french roll.  The roll makes a difference.  Matter fact, they should be using french baguettes but I'll take what I can get.  Even with that said, this place rocks the banh mi, which is largely due to the french roll. It is flavorful and not dry compared to almost everywhere else. Nice ratio of pickled radishes, cucumber, carrots, hot peppers, and cilantro.  

FOOD:
#2 Charbroiled pork -  $4 juicy and flavorful. This was a hit. I have not tried 1 place where I actually liked the charbroiled pork banh mi until this place happened to exist in my life.  I kicked it up a notch by adding the chili garlic sauce (not sriracha), which nicely paired with the fat pieces from the pork. 

#3a Chicken - uses only dark meat, but I didn't mind at all. This was equally tasty.  

Iced French coffee with Condensed Milk - standard. $2.50 I think

(obligatory) SERVICE RANT:
The main man with the glasses seems to be the only one with "customer service" skills and I use that term loosely, folks.  He seems to be the only one that works and takes orders when we were there.

Female employees seem inconvenienced, stare at you even after you have paid, and manage to ignore you when you try to get their attention even though you are literally right in front of them.  Ahhhh ,ma Philly peeps, it's good to be home.  Joking aside, the sheer neglect hindered me from ordering the rainbow ice because they were too busy  ignoring Enji *sad face*  Acknowledged customers actually buy more. Hmph.

Location: in the corner, in the strip mall Adams Plaza, to the right of Pho 75.  

Parking: free parking lot
Their banh mi are the best I've had in Philadelphia. They're made fresh every time and I always get at least two (one for now and one for later). They balance all of the ingredients perfectly. $3 for a satisfied belly is fine with me!

Unfortunately since I graduated, I now live too far to justify coming all the way here for just a hoagie. The service is fast and moderately chilly (not exactly what I'd call friendly but not rude). You can sit down and eat, but I haven't tried anything else of theirs yet.
The banh mi here became my favorite in the area when Viet Kitchen's took a turn for the worse sometime in mid-2010 (a place I had previously given a 5-star review to) and when Cafe Nhu Quynh started running out of hoagie rolls by noon. There was Cafe Saigon, still churning out delicious pork banh mi for only $3 or "BBQ pork" for $3.50. My fondness slowly grew for the speedy if not a bit unfriendly service. I began ordering one of each type so that I could eat half and half for lunch, then again for dinner. Please hide your judgment. I really love these sandwiches.

They don't carry grass jelly drinks here, but we can't all be perfect.
This is a lead-in: So, I recently visited my dentist, who is working out in Rhawnhurst and has been for the last umpteen years.

My family started going to him when I was just a kid, and we were still in North Philly. Now I have my own insurance and can choose my own dentist, but I still make a trip every six months - and maybe sooner if we've been bad - to see him. He's known me for at least 21 years. Ridiculous, right?

Part of the tradition of Vichet getting a tooth pulled/drilled/cybernetically enhanced is that I always pass by the Adams Avenue shopping plaza, a local Asian small-business dominated lot that is home to Cafe Saigon. And a Pho 75. And a Dunkin' Donuts. And an IHOP. More on those later. 

We'd usually get lunch at the Pho 75, then my mom would pick up some munchkins (really, mom? Right after getting a cavity filled?)  while my dad got us a couple of hoagies at Cafe Saigon.

Anyway, my point here is that, like my dentist, I've been coming to this place for Vietnamese hoagies for longer than I have a clear memory of anything. They're the perfect combination of meaty, crunchy, fresh, toasty and buttery. I want one right now. I kind of want one all the time. This is part of the reason my dentist has so much work to do.

All you need to know is that it's three for a regular, three-fitty for a barbecue beef.

What I like especially about the hoagies that this place slings is that they really load you up on the pickled carrot and daikon, and jalapenos slices. Also, if you do get the barbecue beef, they pile it on, and it's still tender and smokey from being cooked.

If you're ever out this way (I doubt you will be unless you live in the Northeast or have business there), try this place out. Cash only, but hey, it's only 3 bucks.

Pro-tip:
- The only thing I've ever tried at this place are the hoagies. Can't speak for any of their other stuff.
I LOVE their banh mi's here! Better than the other places I've tried, and growing up in a Chinese-Viet family, I've tried a lot. The hoagie isn't the only good thing there though, I've been there since childhood probably on at least 5 different occasions. Their beef tendon soup (in tomato sauce) is pretty good, but kind of lacking veggies. Their curry is fantastic too, but not too good of an item on the dieter's list. I can go on and on, but I really gotta say, their bun thit nuong is the BEST I have ever tasted, ever. Though my complaint is that the bathrooms aren't the most well kept..This is pretty far away though, so I don't go here often anymore.

Best part, my aunt's the lady that makes the Viet hoagies =)
(I'm not biased)
Cafe Saigon, the king of the north when talking about Banhmi. I always get the number 2 hoagie with BBQ pork and it delivers every time. However if you go in the morning when the bread is nice and fresh it is seriously the best I've had. 

I didn't think the bread would make that much of a difference in the morning but it almost makes it worth waking up extra early for it, almost. 

I should really give their other food a try sometimes. I see a lot of Viets eating in there so I'm assuming it must be good. Will report back with further deets
Yum this is my favorite banh mi (vietnamese sandwich) ever! Yes-- finally Philly wins again vs. California/Vietnam (other time being Pho Ga). Wow incredibly blown away by the small but incredible Vietnamese food scene here.

BBQ Pork (thit nuong) Sandwich is a must try! Perfectly balanced with fresh veggies/pickles/smokey yummy pork and incredibly fresh. I choose these over cheesesteaks any day =x 

I just wish it wasn't so out of the way from where I am. It was very heartbreaking that one time when they sold out of sandwiches after I waited in 1+hour traffic arriving at 4:45pm. My GPS/map app was doing something really weird and kept putting me in the wrong place, too. I would advise to map to Pho 75 if your GPS does the same thing. Cash preferred otherwise you pay a credit card fee.
This is my comfort home away from home spot. When I'm in the mood to just be myself and enjoy a peaceful, easy, delicious meal, I'm here. Saigon is the original authentic Vietnamese restaurant before all the other establishments ever existed. One thing that you will definitely notice here is that the food comes out fast! I mean, this gives fast food a run for their money, and it's all gourmet home cooking!

Just about everything is good. Their banh mi is fresh every morning and their soup noodles are full of flavors. The highlight here however, is their "bo luc lac". Unlike most places where the beef is pan fry in the sauce, here, it seems like the sauce is coated around the beef, almost like a candied glaze. Get like 2 orders of this and just eat away, it's better than any five star steak house I've tried. Yes! It's that good! 

Another recommendation would be their "banh bot chien", which is pan fry rice cake with eggs and served with sweet soy and Vietnamese pickles. Originally a fusion dish from Chinatown in Vietnam, it has become one of the stables of Vietnamese's cuisine. The seasoned rice cake is pan fried to a golden crust before eggs are put in. Saigon is one of the few Vietnamese restaurants that serve this, so make sure you get them when you're here. There's maybe like 3 places in Philly that even offer this menu item.

The only dish I have complaints with is their "mi xao gion", which is crispy noodles with gravy on top. Their sauce is very light and flavorless. So if you're here for the first time and you hear all this great reviews, don't start with this dish. Considering the huge menu they have and this is the only dish with issues, I'd say this spot is pretty awesome. Come in and try everything here, chances are you'll love it all and then some :).
Probably the BEST banh mi (Vietnamese Hoagie) in Philly... maybe the east coast.   Yes, I have eaten decent banh mi in other places around Philly, Boston, Toronto and DC/VA, but this place is better.  Seriously. 

Our family has been coming here  for a long time, since I was in high school... and without giving away my age, that was more than 10 years ago ;)     OK the location is not the best (this area is shady and has gotten worse over the years) and the place is a hole in the wall.   I always get takeout, it's an easy enough drive from my parent's place in the burbs.  

Recommend:  Banh Mi Thit Noung (bbq pork) with extra hot peppers.  (See Dave H.'s photo)
The C S  is a neighborhood restaurant located in the Adam's Plaza shopping mall, a very busy strip mall located on Adams Avenue, conveniently located right off of the Roosevelt Boulevard. The restaurant has some really authentic, and delicious Vietnamese food.

MDW, and I stopped in for a quick lunch and we both ordered Bahn Mi's with roasted pork, an order of summer rolls, and some pork fried rice. The Bahn Mi's were very good, as were  the summer rolls. The pork fried rice had some little diced sausage mixed in which was a nice touch. My cold Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk was good but could have used a lot less ice which took up most of the glass...

All and all Cafe Saigon is a good place to satify your craving for some good Vietnamese food.
This is a low key Vietnamese restaurant with a wide array of food dishes. Many of the locals from the community come here. This food is great and will satisfy your fix for Vietnamese food.     

This is cash only and no credit card.
As a Viet person I would say this place is pretty legit.   It's a decent size restaurant no-frills kind of ambiance.

Food:  it's authentic and reasonably priced

#bun bo hue or lemongrass beef soup
- it's darn good here.  It's south Vietnamese answer to Pho.  It's not anything alike but just as addictive.  Broth super savory and refreshing with plenty of lemongrass zest.  Meat thinly sliced and soft but not as many options as other places. 

#broken rice with crab quiche, grilled pork and shredded beef
- this is standard viet fare and they do a good job
- add a sunny side egg on top and it is banging
- good portion size

#viet hoagies 
- this is our go to place for this
- crunchy and great value at $3.75
- also make it with grilled meats as well

Parking:  plenty in the front lot

Service:  typical of mom pop Asian place.  Gets the job done but you will need to be proactive

Overall tasty, good portions and pricing.  They also do quite a bit of takeout business I think.  Would definitely come back here again.
It doesn't get better than the $3 banh mi sandwiches here.  Cash only.  The bread is always perfectly soft and crusty and the pork is flavorful and deliciously complemented by the crunchy, sweet, and tart pickled shredded radish and carrot.  They don't skimp on the meat portion, either.  Grabbed a few today for the family to have for lunch on my way to the supermarket.  And yes, they are still good the next day.  It's a tiny little place but the food is great and the prices almost unheard of.  I have been coming here with the family since I was 12 (yeah, this review is very overdue) and this was actually my first introduction to the world of Vietnamese fast food.  They have always been great about answering my beginner questions and making recs.
Been going here for years. Seriously the best Banh Mi in Philadelphia! Fresh baguette, best pâté, perfectly crisp thinly sliced veggies...a must must for foodies. Only wish is more meat and pâté to the sandwich...but its still delish. Go here and your belly will thank you :)
I've been coming to Cafe Saigon for banh mi for about forever and day & I can always count on it being warm and tasty. 

I've tried a lot of other viet hoagie places, spanning from philly to new york, even all the way up to montreal and nothing has beat Cafe Saigon's banh mi!

They're relatively cheap, 3 bucks for a regular hoagie, though I can remember when it used to be $2.50! But hey, the economy's rough!

Not many bad things to say about this place- the wait isn't terrible, even if you or someone in front of you has a large order. All in all, a delicious treat!
I wasn't blown away by this place, but then I didn't get the infamous char-grilled pork sandwich. The food is good especially for the price. i will definitely hit it up again when I am in the area to give more of their menu a try.
This hard to find little place (tucked in a corner of a strip mall with the name on a small sign above the door) has really good Banh mi.  Not for the squeamish, it is true pork belly which along with the mayo makes for a really good, rich sandwich.  The Italian rolls are light and fresh and warmed in the oven rite before the ingredient are added.  This is a no non-sense place that is fast and fresh.  Cash only.
Never got to eat the food. Read the reviews and was impressed. I am an African American woman and after walking in and having the man behind the counter roll his eyes at me 2 times in in a matter of 10 seconds, I thought probably not a good place to eat. It always amazes me that there a restaurant in predominantly black cities that don't expect black people to eat there. Your wish has come true! Lol
Happy New Year!  

My first dine out of 2012, whoop!  I ordered the pork chop with shredded pork broken rice.  It was very delicious.  My friends ordered the seafood rice noodle soup and was just complimenting its authenticity (they are Cambodian and Viet origin).  Soooo, I'm looking forward to that next time.  Also banh mi (but darn I'm fasting from wheat).

Anyways, I had an avocado smoothie and that was 5 stars!  Prob the best around town.  I hold off to giving a place 5 stars until I get a repeat wow from them but I will def go again.

FYI, its located in Adams Plaza in case you got sorta lost from TomTom like me.  ^_^
Best banh mi in philly no doubt, i''ve been eating their hoagies since i was a little kid. Nothing really has changed since then, i plan to keep coming here for many more Vietnamese Hoagies
Vietnamese hoagie and pork rice dish was amazing. I tend to get the same favorites of mine at different Vietnamese restaurants to compare quality. Very authentic. Cheap in price. Lots of room. Employees are nice
I've been on a banh mi cook for some time now so i was in this place's neighborhood running some errands and looked up where i can supposedly get a good one. I went with grilled pork and traditional. I got few bites into the grilled pork and was already pleasantly satisfied with the quality of the sandwhich. The price point is awesome for what you get and based on this one and only small experience of mine, i can recommend it.
Cafe Saigon is my go to for banh mi in Northeast Philly. I've been coming here since I was a kid & nothing about this place has changed-- and thats a good thing! The bread is soft and always perfectly toasted and all the ingredients they use are super fresh. At $3.50 a sandwich, the price can't be beat. $4 will get you a BBQ pork hoagie, which is my boyfriend's go to. I also love their broken rice platters and banh cuon. And get their iced coffee with condensed milk, it's the best! This place draws a huge lunch crowd but I almost always do take out and they're super quick with that.
Cafe Saigon is one of my favorite finds.  I used to regularly visit the Pho 75 in that shopping center, until I tried my first banh mi (at Cafe Viet Huong on Washington Ave, still my #1).   I had always been curious about the place next door - one day, Dad in tow, I barged in and ordered me some hoagies, and I've been going back regularly ever since.

The huge menu both delights and mystifies me.  Pretty much anything I've ordered has been tasty - from rice plates to noodle bowls to soups to a bangin' stir fry of wide flat noodles (ho fun?) with seafood, and of course the banh mi are both cheap and tasty (although as previously mentioned, a step below Viet Huong's in my book).    Servers are friendly too.  

It ain't fine dining, but it's one of my favorite places to swing by for a cheap and tasty dinner.  Highly recommended.
Cheap and delicious, what more can you ask for? Good variety of authentic Viet food to satisfy your cravings - from pastries to rice dishes to noodle dishes. Haven't had a bad dish here yet! Just don't expect spectacular service. You come, eat and go. It's also a great place to pick up pastries or banh mi for a road trip!
Best banh mi I've ever had! Although, the banh mi is on a first come first serve basis. Once the restaurant is sold out, they don't make or have any more until the next day. Come early if you want one or want ten of them.
Today I decided to stop in here to grab an ice coffee and a Vietnamese hoagie. I been coming here since I was a little girl. As I drove away, I drank my ice coffee. It was disguising, it was super sweet. The coffee taste like a day old coffee. So when I got home, I decided to call them to let them know. I spoke to the gentleman on the phone who said he was the manager. I explain to him that the ice coffee was bad. He told me that the coffee is the same everyday. He said for me to go somewhere else then! Well, I will take his word and go some place else. I drive one hour to come here to get Vietnamese Hoagies and ice coffee, well NOT anymore!!!
Best BBQ pork banh mi and Vietnamese coffee in Philly. Your $5 meal right there.


(The broken rice dishes are good as well.)
Had their Bahn Mi with BBQ pork. I thought the pork was a bit fatty (as some of the other folks had said). It may be due to using lower-grade meat? Not sure. I don't really mind it but it definitely tasted cheap. I still prefer Cafe Viet Huong on 11th ave since their Bahn mi (also around $3) is just as good (if not better) and a lot more accessible for me (who live in CC) than Cafe Saigon.
I feel ashamed that I've lived in this neighborhood most of my life and have never checked out this gem! I remedied that today when I got the vietnamese hoagie. I had the beef one and it was incredible-- fresh, filling, and spicy! I think they pay have raised the price past $3 b/c I paid 4.50. The menu still lists the old price.
I came here for a late lunch absolutely HANGRY because I hadn't eaten since early morning, and the Google Maps decided it couldn't find this place (*more on that below).   So I was tempted to judge this place unfairly. I'm very that lucky Cafe Saigon didn't let me do that because they are AWESOME. 

My boyfriend and I ordered fried spring rolls, wonton soup w/ egg noodles, pork vermicelli soup noodles, beef w/ flat fried noodles, and a rainbow drink. All were freakin delicious, and I especially appreciated that they did not skimp on the (very good) cuts of meat.

Service was great!  They overcharged my rainbow drink by a dollar but we resolved the issue. 

*BEWARE: Typing in the address into Google Maps or something similar may bring you to the middle of an intersection. Keep going down on Roosevelt until you see the KFC. It will be in that shopping center.

The only thing seriously wrong with this place is that there isn't a location in Baltimore, MD!
If you want to try something different from pho try this place. Great place for lunch, try the beef stew with egg noodles, BBQ pork bahn mi is so good, you won't be disappointed.
Another great find! Stopped in after getting some pho to go next door @ Pho 75.Place was packed at noon on a Saturday. Got some items to go. They have an array of prepared stuff ready to go at the counter. Owners very friendly, helpful, and accommodating.This was my first visit. I'm already anticipating my next.

Summer rolls; The best I've ever tasted! Fresh, crunchy, delicious. Generous size and $3 for an order of two. Nice ratio of vermicelli to veg, shrimp & herbs. Was that Chinese chives sticking out of the end? They made mine to order as I requested no pork. Sauce was crack-like addicting. Sweet, savory, w/crushed peanuts.

Broken rice w/ chicken: A nice app-size portion. Extremely flavorful dark-meat charbroiled? bbq? chicken served over nice sticky, chewy "broken" white rice topped w/sauteed onions.Smoky & delicious!

Dessert; Taro-Coconut pudding.Unbelievable! Chunks of taro lightly sweetened, immersed in a pudding-like consistency and topped w/ coconut milk.Came in a 8 0z. squat deli container. The above 3 items cost $7.50 total.

Gotta get a banh mi next time. Owner said they can make beef or chicken as I don't really like pork. (Except for bacon)
If your gps misdirects you try 773 Adams.  It's right near the KFC.

I picked up 3 Banh Mi with BBQ Pork while visiting Philly on business.  Pretty good stuff but compared to Saigon Sandwich in San Francisco is just ok but passable in a pinch.
Probably oldest restaurant in NE Philly serving  Vietnamese noodle soups, rice dishes,banhmi, and other stuff. Oldie but goodie
This place has the best banh mi in the city. I cannot eat at any other location bc it always ends up so disappointing. Its not a fancy place but the food is always excellent.
Was craving summer rolls and didn't want to drive to Center City so I stopped in after reading the reviews.  Glad I did!!  The summer rolls were good and I also tried the pork banh mi. It was very tasty and fresh.  Staff was friendly and I will definitely go back!!
One of the best  banh mi in philly!! $4 for one, drinks are good too (Bubble tea, salted lemonade)
Delicious Vietnamese food at Cafe Saigon.

Bahn Mi is super cheap yet delicious. The broken rice dishes are very filling. No extra charge for a fried egg on top of your rice.

The place can be a bit of a mess and the tables don't always get wiped down between customers but this isn't exactly fine dining.
Had their banh mi (priced at $3) today and was pleased. I wished they had a little bit more meat in the sandwich, but the pate and mayo was spot on; flavorful and fatty. The bread, which I think is the most important, could have been better. I wished it was crispier and not so stale. The texture was not how I imagined the "best banh mi" is supposed to be like.

Their banh canh gio heo (pig trotter noodle soup) was decent. There isn't much to the dish, but wished the noodles were not as overcooked. The banh canh is desirable when you have a nice al dente bite everytime.

All in all, good comfort food for me.
The first banh mi that I ever had was here and it was delicious. Yummy bread and chargrilled pork. The sauce is outstanding. It's done in minutes and the price is wonderful!!!
Love this place! The best local Vietnamese restaurant in the neighborhood. The food here never disappoints. It's cheap, tasty and super fast service. Been coming here forever and the quality in their food has never changed. If you are looking for tasty Vietnamese food this is the place to be. My favorite is super authentic dish call bun mum. It's super tasty and I love it.
Best vietnamese hoagie outside of down town . Plenty of meat , fresh veggie , tasty vietnamese mayo and  bread is soft on the inside , but yet crispy  on the outside .Call ahead and order for pick up is the way to roll . Cash only .
I stopped in to try the food.... Ive always eaten next door, and decided to eat here. I walked in and asked for a table..
The waitress came over with a smile, and I asked about Pho, she told me next door.
So I asked for a recommendation she pointed to Bun bo hue...

I am always willing to try something new
It did not disappoint, flavorful, tender beef, I loved the broth, and to "top it all" it was filling.

Stop in, its not a big place, but the food is awesome at a good price!
Cafe Saigon is an underrated authentic Vietnamese restaurant in the Northeast. This little hole in the wall offers so many different authentic Vietnamese dishes you wouldn't often see at a pho place however they do not serve pho here. They have dishes like bun mang vit (duck bamboo shoot noodle soup), bun mam (vietnamese gumbo), banh canh (crab thick noodle soup) amongst many other rare authentic vietnamese dishes often dished up at home. The flavors are there and the staffs are quite friendly. I know everyone comes here for their banh mi but if you're feeling adventurous and would like to dive into vietnamese cuisine head first, i'd recommend giving this place a try. Also, it's cheap eats! You can't beat great food that fits your budget!
This is for their bahn mi, particularly their bbq pork bahn mi. Hand down the best viet hoagie. Used to be $3.50 for the bbq pork, but now it's $4. Its not HUGE, but it is ok for anyone that has a decent appetite. The flavor is ridiculous and the bread is awesome. Definitely one of the best bahn mi's ever.
I've been here many time for the take out BBQ Pork Banh Mi & also for the delicious summer shrimp wraps. Everything is fresh & crisp and tasty. Absolutely delicious!!
I love this place!!! Staff is always nice and always smiling. The workers don't speak much English but they get they job done. I love their Vietnamese hoagies, which only cost about 4.50 by the way!!! All their other platters are delicious as well. I wish they were open late but they close at 6pm to make sure to go early.
My favorite place to get traditional Vietnamese food in Philly right now! If you go here, the traditional banh mi thit nguoi is a must, and unlike the other Vietnamese shops like Ba Le in South Philly, the Vietnamese hoagie here is only $3.5 and not $5! About everything here is good, they have delicious banh canh cua (crab udon) and banh cuon! On Saturdays and Sundays, come early before 2 or they will be sold out on popular to-go items like Vietnamese hoagies, the pre-made cakes and pastries they have in the front, and some of their special dishes. Super cheap and reasonable prices, they don't charge you tax if you pay in cash!
We found the place randomly one day and decided to stop in. My gf was skeptical but shes not into trying new food really,but anyway lol. Cute small place,inside a strip mall. We you come in they have authetic Vietnamese baked goods for sale, and fresh rice paper spring rolls. You seat yourself they have everything from hoison sauce to sirracha at the table for you. The menu is pretty easy to understand and the service was great, plenty of food for a great price. Id go again and try something new.
I've been to many places to search for the best bun bo hue in the city because that bowl of deliciousness has everything I could want. 
I came here with a friend who wanted to eat there not thinking it could be much because basically I judge it like judging a book by its cover. It was small, nothing fancy looking about the restaurant but boy was I wrong. 
We both ordered the bun bo hue and after the waiter brought it, I took one slurp or the broth and my mind exploded. I didn't think it could get any better and wow! I was hooked from that moment. The broth was wholesome, the noodles and meat was tender. I was thinking to myself, why I didn't come here any sooner! I've been going to the wrong place and the best thing about eating here is that it's less expensive and taste better then all the other places I've been to! Is that even possible?!
Food here is good. Price is cheap. However it's  very very unsanitary. They sell food that's molded/turned bad. We've gotten banh mi with a bug in it. They were closed down for months because they didnt pass inspection. So so dirty
This is it if you want authentic Vietnamese food.  The prices are extremely reasonable, the food tastes fresh, is flavorful and comes in a fair quantity.  It's crazy to think I've been coming here for over 20 years and yet it still tastes the same.  Signature dish has to be their banh mi - it doesn't get any more authentic than this. And the best part? Still about $4. Don't fall for the other "banh mi" places for $8-$10 - this place is one of the original in Philly.  Pair it with a Vietnamese iced coffee and you're golden.
I like the food here. It is one of the best Viet restaurant around Northeast Philly. However, the only reason I give 3 stars is because I found out they ripped off people with what they claimed is "tax". If you pay CASH for either eat in or take out then you dont have to pay tax! Just tell them straight to their face. Unless you pay with credit card then you do have too.
Probably the best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to. I go here about 3 times a week. If I sit and eat I drink like 3 orders of their viet iced coffee. I'm telling you, COME TRY THIS PLACE. Food is great. The only thing is the shopping center looks run down but that's philly for ya.
Vietnamese iced coffee is like crack. Super addictive. Order one.... or 5. Drink them all. 

Food here is delicious. Typical Vietnamese food options. Great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. 

I like the rice dishes. The rice porridge is my favorite especially after a night of drinking.
SO good! reminds me of  Westminster in Orange County!!Authentic vietnamese food!
I love their Vietnamese hoagies and  their pork-chop with broken rice. Compare to the rest of the vietnamese restaurants I've eaten so far, this is the most delicious one. I've order from here several times and they are still keeping up the great work.
I went in to get a hoagie the other day and it shrank. I swore these hoagies were bigger before.
Great authentic and reliable spot. They've been in business for a while. The food is always good and consistent. Call in for takeout or you can sit in. They have great Banh mi or noodle dishes. I also like the diced beef dish.
I haven't been to this place in a year or two. They used to put a lot of meat in their Vietnamese hoagies... But I guessed not anymore. I went there today... The hoagies were more bread then meat.
My daughter and family love their bánh mì so much that I have to drive there 3 hours and a half to buy them. I've been doing this at least 3 times a year for almost 7 years. The only thing I hate about this place is their attitude and service. Their bánh mì is good with đ chua but they never given enough for 35 sandwiches. I asked them for more đ chua. They told me to pay extra $5. They said, we always put enough. It's you didn't divide equally for 35 sandwiches. They think I didn't actually divided 35 portions of đ chua. I did, and everything portion was very small, not enough for a sandwich and it made the sandwich tasted less flavor. I hope they change their way of doing business the next time I come back.
