Decent chicken salad sandwich, but the place is really dirty. Sat at a small table downstairs in their basement shop. The cracks in the red paint were black with grime and lack of strong cleanser for too long. Same for the floor and back shelves and undercounted storage space. 

Need to do better and care more, even if never inspected by L & I.
Found a new favorite study spot while enjoying a variety of drinks! Large beautiful open area upstairs that overlooks the park on walnut street for a quiet studying time, best of all... it was NOT packed. 

If you're a fan of La Colombe (my personal favorite quality coffee shop), then you'll love their coffees! The owners are hilarious and love to create their own inspired blend of coffees, smooths, and teas.

Must Try: 
-Red Velvet Latte (for coffee drinkers) basically a Mocha but on steroids and it's red. Similar to La Colombe's mocha, but more chocolate-y and infused with their homemade syrup. 

- MISUGARU LATTE! (for non coffee drinkers) Considered a super drink because of the natural healthy ingredients inside. It's basically a korean steamed milk latte that has a nutty, sweet, rice taste. It was so smooth and rich. Coming from an Asian background, I love this type of drink. I had their quinoa one (you don't taste it) and it's been my favorite! You'll also have surprise pulps of barley or brown rice from the drink- so be ready :) 


Disappointments: 
- the free walnut crunches are now being charged for 
- many flies upstairs near the window
3 stars for a nice staff, 1 star for spoiled food. Be careful of the food in the cold case, I purchased a salad here and the chicken was rotten. The smell was unbearable. I took it back and they refunded me and were very kind, but I haven't purchased food since that experience. TLDR: Good for coffee, not food.
I love Cafe Walnut! It's in a great spot on Washington Square. You enter below sidewalk level and sit either in the small cafe area or upstairs in an open space. They have samples of my favorite...a waffley walnutty faux-Walnut goodness! Try to resist these! 

Their drinks are lovely, especially the red velvet latte. They have good chai lattes as well. Oh and try the smoothies! The staff is super nice and always welcoming. With an order to stay or to go, solo or with freinds, Cafe Walnut is one of my favorites.
Paid an overpriced $3.50 for a medium decaffeinated ginger honey tea while doing some homework. Despite there only being two options for decaffeinated tea, I was VERY pleased with my choice. My cup was filled up to the brim- got my bucks worth! The honey balanced the strong ginger taste without being too sweet. This is probably one of my favorite ginger honey tea's- it reminds me of the homemade ginger tea I'd have when I was sick.

I came here to study around 3:45pm, and it was a little too noisy for my taste. There were a group of people speaking loudly for about 15 minutes, but they luckily left and I was able to find peace and quiet.

 I love the atmosphere on the second floor. There are precisely 9 round tables with 2 chairs each, and 3 bars with about 3-4 stools/ chairs per bar. One of the bars overlooks walnut street, and its usually a great view of Washington square park but there's construction on this side of the street right now.

Definitely coming back to study here. I love the wifi connection, availability of seating, and serene atmosphere. The wall art and yellow lighting is perfect for studying.
The coffee/lattes are average, good if you're walking by and want a hot drink or beverage.

The staff, however, is exceedingly kind, helpful, and charismatic in my few experiences here. They offer you free little red bean pastries with whatever you purchase and are willing to accommodate changes or additions to your order even after you've paid.
Cafe Walnut is a cute cozy place. They have a nice upstairs seating area with an amazing view! The owners are very sweet, nice, and polite. They are korean and have nice korean music playing. The chicken salad sandwich was very fresh. Also....there's free WiFi! It doesn't get better than this! This is my first time here and I will definitely be back!!
Quaint spot for espresso-based drinks, smoothies and teas. Food is authentic and unique. Owner is Korean with a French cooking affinity. She graciously offers visitors freshly made Madeline-like pastries in the shape of walnuts -- inspired by the cafe's location on Walnut Street in Old City. They are crunchy outside, tender inside, filled with red bean paste and not too sweet. The upstairs in this cafe is quiet and has wifi. So nice to have an alternate to Starbucks to meet friends or have a quiet snack.
Came in to get an iced ginger honey tea. I've had the hot version before but never the iced. The medium iced ginger honey tea was $4.25, but it's pretty true to size and refreshing. The ginger pieces are chopped small enough to fit through the straw, and thankfully I asked for less honey because it was just the right amount of sweet! Definitely prefer the hot over iced version though.
I SAW A MOUSE!! 
Was looking for a place to study and found this place on Yelp. Its very close to where I'm staying in Philadelphia. The atmosphere is good, lots of tables and fast wifi!

The only thing that put me off was, midway through my Latte I saw a mouse scurry over the floorboards. Didnt feel like staying there after I saw the mouse!
A little difficult to find as you have to go down a set of stairs from Walnut Street (into the basement area), but they make a great Americano. Smaller mom and pop shop so support them over the big boys!
Really cool vibe. I got a coffee here about two weeks ago, used their WiFi and hung out upstairs while I cooled off from being outside in the park. It was super cool. They had interesting art work upstairs, ample seating, and they were kind. 

Unique menu- a mix of Asian treats and coffee shop favorites. When I'm back in old city, it's likely I'll stop in again.
Small cafe in Philly with a variety of your usual espresso drinks (latte, cappucino, mocha etc and available iced or hot). They have almond milk as a non dairy option yay! Really nice and friendly owners who were very warm and welcoming! I got an iced hazelnut almond latte- it was on the sweet side at default, so if you want to add flavored syrup just remember to request the amount of syrup based on your preferences. Great coffee and really cozy feel. 

They have some simple Korean dishes like bibimbap and dumplings in the refrigerator section. There are also some pastries to go with your coffee. 

Convenient location and yummy coffee!
My go-to coffee shop in the city for studying, reading, light food, and free wifi with a view of Washington Square Park!

I really like this coffee shop because it is relatively unknown by tourists and only the locals in the neighborhood know this place exists. It is an undiscovered gem. NEVER crowded or loud. I can stay for hours without being hassled. 

There is a limited selection of salads and cut fruit and some basic bagel/croissant sandwiches. You have a choice of toppings on the salad like grilled chicken or bulgolgi (marinated prime beef thinly sliced) and of course the coffee selection is good too. They use La Colombe beans so you can't go wrong there. 

Nice bathroom, always clean. 

The only downside, and this is a very very minor issue is that the tables are wobbly. This is understandable since the floor is hardwood so you're gonna get some uneven flooring at spots making tables wobbly. 

Lastly, I like the family-run/community feel of this place. The owner is really nice. I wanted to buy their pan friend dumplings for a picnic lunch at the park, and I was short a dollar and she said it was okay. She even offered to heat up my dumplings and tried to give me extra sauce. Thats good business! I love that. That's why I always come back and tip every time : )
Been here twice - exceptional service and food both times.  Had their homemade yogurt for breakfast once and enjoying a grilled chicken on brioche right now.  WONDERFUL!
Cute, fun, charming, location with good service and a small, but tasty selection of pastries. More of a coffee shop than a cafe, they do have very well made fresh fruit smoothies, and a selection of sliced fresh fruit.
La Combe coffee here! Nice family cafe with that warm welcoming feeling. It's cute and great coffee! Also they offered me a walnut baked item for free which was a pleasant surprise.
Their iced coffees rock! They use La Colombe and add a shot of espresso, so they are definitely not watered down. I was impressed by their food selection. They had a lot of fresh fruit cups, pastries, dumplings, and sushi! Truly something to please everyone. I did not like the $5 minimum but next time I will bring cash. I also did not like that I dropped my iced coffee ~20 minutes into buying it. I suppose that just means I need to go back for more!
Their food and drinks are great and very reasonably priced but what sets this place apart is the service. The people here are some of the friendliest and most helpful I've ever met. While I was here another customer wanted dumplings, which weren't available, and one of the chefs made them fresh just for her. When I ordered an earl grey latte (which I highly recommend), the man who brought it out to me offered to remake it if I didn't like it (I did). This place seems to have lots of regulars, and if I lived closer I would certainly be one of them!
Yum.  I've only had bibimbap at Korean sit down restaurants in a stone bowl. This was like a spicy salad. Really refreshing and good size!! 

Will be back for more. Yum 

Upstairs is cute. A little dark to study but nice!
Such a cute coffee shop!!! Reminds me of coffee shops in Boston. Finally a coffee shop that doesn't play music too loud!! This place is simply superb!!!! I had the espresso and it was fantastic. They were also SUPER nice and helpful in explaining menu options...huge breakfast/sandwich/korean food selection, which is so surprising for a coffee shop. I will have to come back to try the food. Very reasonably priced. They offered me a specialty pastry which looked like a little macaroon...walnut soft shell filled with red bean pastry and it was incredibly tasty...which is saying a lot because I normally don't like red bean paste, but this was so yummy, and the perfect size. 

Fyi - the entry door is located underground, so you have to go down a few stairs...but they have a large seating area "upstairs" (which is at street level) and you can exit there.  Huge floor to ceiling windows gives a great view of the park. This design lets in a lot of natural light into the main seating area which is great for studying. Most of the tables are small and a little wobbly, but that adds to the charm of the place. If unbalanced tables bother you, then just be prepared. The wifi is free...no password needed and it's super fast! I loved that it wasn't overly crowded with people talking like most coffee shops, so it's great for students or writers. Quickly becoming a new favorite spot for me!!
I have only tried a red velvet latte in New York, so when I saw that they have it in store, I had to get it! It was good :-) I was curious about the Madeline-like walnut and bean paste pastries that were sitting next to the cash register, and the girl behind the counter gave me and my mom one each for free before buying it (It's 3 for $1)! And when my mom wanted more, the girl gave me an extra fourth one for free! 

I also love that they have Asian foods and snacks. I instantly felt happy  And the ambience upstairs looks so cozy and inviting. Will definitely be back!
I might not have noticed this place, as it is on the lower level of the building. A Too Good to Go offer brought me in, and I'm so glad I know it is here. 

It's the only cafe I've seen that offers misugaru, a grain-based breakfast drink. Since I'd only ever had it from the instant packets that a friend shared with me, I had to give that a try.

They've got breakfast sandwiches with bibimbap that I need to go back to try. And the dalgona coffee, too.

They use local La Colombe and Caphê coffees and Philly muffins. Great local business!
Such a beautiful coffee shop! I loved the decor in the sitting area upstairs. The employees were also SO nice! I got a cafe americano and it was just what I expected it'd be! We hung out there to finish our coffee before braving the cold/rain again. It was a nice place to stop for sure! 

p.s. If you sit by the window (probably specifically on a rainy/more gloomy day), there is amazing lighting for photos. In case you were wondering.
$10 for an orange lavender tea that they literally scooped orange marmalade into it and a grilled chicken sandwich on a croissant, so I wasn't expecting much. But then I found 2 thin black strands of hair in the lettuce and I was done. Walked out the exit from the upstairs area and will never return.
Finally found the cheapest latte in the city @ $2.75 for a small. They also have red velvet lattes, matcha lattes, earl grey lattes, etc. I have only tried the red velvet and regular latte, which were both pretty decent! They have nice little pastries and bibimbap/dumplings as well. There's also a lunch special - $9.99 for coffee/tea, dumplings ad bibimbap. Have yet to try those as well. Punch card for free drink! 

Interior is a bit too dim for my liking, but still very spacious and quiet to work in. Tables seem a bit dirty and chairs a bit old. Other than that, definitely like the atmosphere :)

Also, $5 credit card minimum!
great little cafe near the Liberty Bell. perfect for when it's chilly out and you need a break from the weather. 

warm up with a cup of tea or coffee, hop on the wifi and relax. a variety of food - mostly pastries, salads, and sandwiches - if you're craving a bite.

grabbed a cup of London Fog - Earl Grey and steamed milk. definitely hit the spot.
I love their menu; there are various coffee/smoothie options as well as homemade treats. Workers were friendly and fast. A great study spot--they got the wifi, ample seating and bathroom.
Cute place.  Good bkfst sammys.  Latte was yummy.  Perfect way to start the day.   Very friendly staff.
This is the first time I bought lunch from Cafe Walnut, but I've not got a new go-to when I need a healthy satisfying meal! I got the Bibimbap w/ Bulgogi + Vegetable Dumplings + Honey Ginger Tea for $9.99. Normally I hate spending $10 on lunch, but this is SO worth it. Fresh, healthy, delicious, made-to-order, and FILLING!! The staff is always very nice and offer great customer service. Plus - they have great latte prices ($3.50 for a large!); will definitely be back to try all the flavors!
Stopped by for lunch with my boyfriend. The breakfast egg sandwich had a hard boiled egg which wasn't what we had expected. Cute place and staff was very friendly.
I'm updating my review. I have tried vegetable dumplings, salads,bagels, cappuccinos, and of course coffee. What can I say my go to spot!
I came in here for some breakfast and coffee, and was pretty disappointed with this place. I ordered two standard toasted sausage egg and cheese bagels - and they were over priced for the very poor quality. The bagels were hard as a rock, slightly warm (not toasted) with disproportionately sized egg, cheese, and sausage. The ingredients were lukewarm and VERY dry. The coffee was fine (it's hard to mess up La Colombe). I wouldn't recommend this for anything other than a quick coffee.
The staff was friendly, my latte was good. The atmosphere was quiet and relaxing, just what I was looking for. I wasn't super impressed with the food. I got a sandwich and it was fine. I think this place is definitely more of a beverage/pastry place than a lunch place.
All in all, this was a nice escape from a stressful day.
My wife and I were walking in Philly early Sunday, Nov. 5th looking for a place to eat breakfast, and as we turned on a street we smelled the most wonderful baked goods.  We walked down to the basement where the Cafe Walnut counter is, and was greeted very warmly.  We ordered sesame bagels with egg and cheese, teas, and a chocolate croissant, and the young lady at the counter informed us that there's a nice seating area upstairs.  The food was wonderful, and the seating area is cozy, decorated tastefully (and not overdone as in some cafes).  The Korean music was very soothing. 

We want back a few hours later and asked for a strawberry and banana smoothie, and a mango and pineapple smoothie, (not too sweet).  And the lady made them perfectly (she didn't add any syrup and everything was made on the spot)!  I commented on how great the place is and the wonderful baked goods smell.  As we sat, the young lady came and gave us a freshly made chocolate muffin on the house.  It was such a wonderful gesture, and a great way to remember a superb, cozy cafe run by friendly and sweet staff who know how to make people feel at home.  We'll go back here any time we're in Philly!
Great coffee, salads and sushi. All freshly made daily and served by excellent and friendly staff. This is my favorite Wash West  coffee spot.
Great place to hang out. The staffs are very friendly. Love their iced red velvet latte. Best place to hang out during summer time. And it close to my fave park in Philly, Washington Square. Definitely will returning soon!
Good selection. my chicken salad and green juice was good.
Very cute interior and there's an upper floor where you can sit as well. Very quiet but good service! I got the earl grey iced latte which was good, maybe better hot. The coffee is great as well!
Great place for lunch- was very impressed by their healthy and vegetarian options. Tons of fresh salads, fruit and sushi. The woman working there was super friendly and convinced me to try the bibimbap, which was amazing! I asked them to make it mild and it was still pretty spicy but very flavorful. I definitely plan to return.
I'm torn about this place. I came here for the lunch special ($10 for a Korean bibimbap, 3 vegetable dumplings, AND a coffee) which was a fantastic deal. The bibimbap was filling, delicious, and was definitely great for a meal. I opted to upgrade the coffee to an early gray latte, and I was a little disappointed by it. It was more of a hot-milk-with-a-teabag-thrown-in kind of drink. While that's how tea lattes are supposed to work, it just wasn't what I was particularly looking for. Still, Café Walnut's lunch special holds a special place in my heart.
Cafe Walnut is a wonderful little oasis right off Washington Square. Over the past weeks I've become a regular customer, and it's amazing to start my workday by being greeted with an enthusiastic HELLO! from the staff. They have a nice selection of French pastries and sandwiches, outstanding coffee, and even some Korean dishes that make for a different, and delicious lunch, such as bibimbap with salad. And I can't forget the complimentary pancake walnut balls that add to Cafe Walnut's specialness!
Wonderful spot for coffee and studying! The tables upstairs are terrific and there is always room. The music isn't too loud and the WiFi is on point. The people that work here are extremely friendly.
I love this place for lunch. It's quick, easy, fresh and conveniently located. The employees are nice and helpful and they get you in and out.  There is always plenty of seating too.
I highly recommend their baked goods too!
Amazing food, drinks, and service. Not to mention the best frappuccino we've ever had! Highly recommended!
I'm a student. Been to coffee shops all over center city for years. I keep coming back to cafe walnut. So much work space and great variety of food. But I love the fact that the staff are so welcoming and kind - always smiling. It feels like family!  Different from the of the crowded more popular places where baristas are more about getting dat paycheck. 

And the occasional free 'cafe walnut' bite sized pastries and the wall of hole punch cards to save wallet space are so unique / so helpful. Very clean and 10/10 atmosphere. 

Also next to the beautiful Washington Sq. park, high quality ice cream shop, liberty bell, and independence hall - the birthplace of America!
Great coffee shop that I've stumbled upon.  It's a great environment for sitting and working (quiet, free internet, good food and coffee).  SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE SBUCKS!!  As an awesome addition, they server fantastic authentic Korean food (I've lived in Korea and trust me it's good!).  There's K-pop music streaming and a super friendly staff.  Definitely will return for my trips to the city for work!
I found Café Walnut when looking for a quiet place to study on the weekend and it was exactly what I was looking for!  Despite the bustling Washington square location, Café Walnut is completely unassuming and not pretentious at all.  On the second floor there are several small tables and a counter with a large window overlooking Washington square--great for people watching.  I was there on a Saturday morning from about 10-1, and I was one of 5 or so people in the entire upstairs area the whole time, which could probably comfortably sit 15.  This made for an amazing study hideaway for the weekend, when every coffee shop in the city is crazy busy!   Plenty of outlets and free, fast wifi.  I ordered a bagel and an iced latte and paid around $5.50 for both.  The cashiers were very friendly, and like other reviewers said, they give out tiny red bean pastries, which is a nice touch.  Only small issues were that the upstairs was somewhat dimly lit, some of the tables were quite wobbly, and the room was a little warm, but I was comfortable at the counter by the window.  I will definitely be back!
This is a very cute and chic coffee/lunch spot with a korean flare that is conveniently located near the heart of the square. We came here for lunch after hearing about the bibimbap and the fresh smoothies. Despite the novelty and friendly service, I was a little bit disappointed by the flavors of the bibimbap, especially the tofu version where it's basically slabs of unflavored tofu on a bed of single-toned rice and greens. The dumplings were a nice touch, especially when it was served as part of the lunch special. The mango smoothie was made from fresh fruits, but just a little bit too icy and crystally when ingested.

Overall, the ambiance and price was reasonable, but it failed to live up to the expectations.

Food: 3 stars
Price: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3-4 stars
During pope weekend there wasn't much to do outside of the papal activities so I ventured to spend some much needed time to read a book I've been working on. I came with a big group of friends who were studying or doing work. To get inside the cafe and order, you have to go down into the bottom floor and take the stairs up for more seating.  This cafe has a very homey feel with a lot of various knick knacks and drinks. They make smoothies and have various teas like the Korean jar ones from hmart and the usual green tea. They also serve coffee and food as well which I have yet to try. 
The ordering process was kind of funny because the cashier must have been new and she was a little scatter brained and didn't remember if she gave my friend her change - which she already did. Oh dear...
I got the jujube tea which was hot but I wish they made their own as opposed to taking something premade and just boiling it.
Otherwise the cafe has its charm. I can't quite put a finger on it but I don't feel compelled to come back. Perhaps next time I'm in the area I'll give their coffee a try and see if that's better.
What a gem! I've lived near Washington square for about 6 months and just always went to Starbucks down the street, never realizing how wonderful Cafe Walnut is! It is unassuming, but once you enter and enjoy your latte and treats upstairs, you'll wonder why you ever bothered to go to other coffee shops in the area. I went at noon on a Sunday and it was completely empty. I had the whole upstairs to myself. It would be a great place to study too. Can I give this place 6 stars?
My fiancé and I love it here! The coffee, espresso, and chai teas are excellent and we especially love the little walnut pastries. The food selection is both exceptionally fresh/high quality and very reasonably priced. The staff are friendly and considerate and the atmosphere upstairs is perfect for reading/studying. I'm happy to make this cafe my regular go-to on my way to work or to stay and do work while enjoying the view of Washington square park.
This is definitely a hidden gem which you will appreciate once you check it out. They have an outstanding menu offering everything from smoothies, La Colombe coffee, handcrafted lattes, to Korean bibimbap and fruit salads. They also have a sweet baked goods section. I freaking  love their Matcha Green Tea muffin! My first bite into it was like heaven. I also like the availability of tables and chairs. Lots of popular cafés lack the space or seating. When you've got work to do and pack all your stuff to go on a mission to be in one place in one shot is sometimes a risk with cafés in the city. But here, you're safe and sound. The second floor has a nice view of Washington Square Park so you can people watch (personally my favorite thing to do). Seriously, you can't go wrong with this place. WiFi is also up to speed. Sounds minor, but it's a  huge plus when you've got emails to send! Ain't nobody got time to wait for slow, spotty connection.  Am I right?
I stopped in for the first time a few weeks ago because they were selling the Dalgona candy (from squid game) but I now go a few times a week for coffee! The coffee is really good and so are the muffins! It's definitely my new favorite coffee place!
