I've heard such great things about Cafe Ynez, so I made a reservation with two friends for a Tuesday night dinner. When I arrived, I was greeted by very kind service. I was excited to learn that they offer a Taco Tuesday special, you get 3 tacos instead of the standard 2 per serving.

One thing I was surprised by was the fact that there is no alcohol at Cafe Ynez, I guess I missed that information from my friends that had recommended it. I'm not sure if it's BYO, because I couldn't find any mention of that on their website. The "Beverages" button on their home page takes you to the regular menu, which I presumed to be a glitch. They did offer an assortment of sodas, so I went for the Mango Jarritos. 

To eat, I had the carnitas tacos. They are served with a delicious side of what I presume to be the chipotle ranch aioli. The carnitas were served diced, and I felt could have had more flavor. I drizzled the aioli on my tacos and that was delicious.

The price point is really reasonable, and that's probably because we didn't have any alcohol. I'd come by again to try the rotisserie chicken!
Update! Café Ynez is my go-to neighborhood spot for a working breakfast. There are always seats on weekday mornings and everyone is so friendly. I love the food (the vegetarian enchiladas and breakfast burrito are my faves) but I enjoy chatting with Qamara, the manager, just as much! The prices are more than fair which gives me an excuse to go pretty regularly. One of these days I'll go for dinner with a bottle of tequila in tow so I can try their margs.
Looking good, Cafe Ynez! We stopped in for breakfast on opening day and it appeared the staff were firing on all cylinders. Of course, I asked for the one thing they don't have yet, fresh juice, but I was informed that they will be getting their juice machine later in the week. All three of us opted for coffee - we were asked if we wanted cream and I can definitely say I would have preferred to have that on the side so I could add it in myself, but my cup had just the right amount for my tastes so I was happy. 

The decor looks great. It's like a cute little Mexican-themed diner - I love it. The menu of all-day items isn't super extensive but everything on it sounds awesome. There is also a smaller menu with brunch options. I opted for the vegetarian enchiladas which contained beans, avocado and some fresh veggies, all topped with queso fresco, sour cream and a fried egg. It hit the spot! While we waited, we were served fresh tortilla chips and some salsa verde. Nice! My boyfriend housed his breakfast burrito and our friend's plate of chilaquiles looked great. We're pumped to have this new option in the neighborhood and it won't be long before we're back again.
So I only had take out and coffee here, but I like the vibe of this place.  I love that there's such a cute little brunch joint within walking distance of our Point Breeze home too.

For the food, we ordered pollo enchiladas.  You get three and they are decently-sized. While they were good, I would have liked some sour cream or guacamole on the side (these may be sides you have to inquire about, so next time I'll be more assertive!)

The staff was super friendly, both in person and over the phone.  I'm looking forward to enjoying a sit-down brunch here in the future.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Cafe Ynez!
The food I received was tasty and flavorful. I had the half roasted chicken with corn. Both were a real treat as far as taste etc. The food was ordered using a Surplus food app, the value of my meal was to be $15. Of course that didn't happen. The $15 half chicken meal comes with two sides and I only received one. The issue here is surplus food is generally left over this and that. It was only;  here's 'this' but we ran out of 'that'. If you're going to use the app as a marketing tool you must be careful to make sure what you do doesn't backfire. For me Cafe Ynez is 6 miles away so I used time and gas to receive less than advertised. 

I'm not one for games or bait and switch, Time is very important and not to be wasted! So was the food good? Good enough to eat, not return!
Cafe Ynez is fine. The food is fine but lacks inspiration. Service is fine but lacks enthusiasm. Chip and water refills are endless, so there's that. 

South Philly is full of some amazing Mexican restaurants and taquerias so I wouldn't go out of my way to get a meal here. But I guess if I were hungry and this was my only option, I guess I would deal with it.
I love Ynez and order delivery all the time.  My usual is a vegan burrito with extra chipotle ranch on the side, and their guac and chips.  The burrito is the perfect mix of healthy and delicious, the chips are perfectly salty and crunchy, and the guac is my favorite of anyplace I've tried.

They also tend to package delivery orders with a minimum of plastic, which I greatly appreciate.
I was lucky enough to brunch here during a visit to Philly on a cold, dreary December morning, and it's really the perfect neighborhood spot. It's in a bit of a strange place and might be hard to see unless you're really paying attention... luckily I was brunching with Yelp queen Michelle C, who knew right where she was going! 

The manager here, Qamara, is so friendly and welcomed us with a smile and some menus. I was coming down with a cold and didn't want my usual coffee, so she made me some chamomile tea with lemon which was the perfect remedy. The menu is pretty big and has so many great options, from burritos, to enchiladas, to omelettes, and even breakfast nachos. It's seriously hard to choose.

I ended up ordering the breakfast burrito, and it was absolutely delicious and huge. I could sadly only manage to eat half of it, but saved the rest for later. The chips and salsa we had before our food came out was also awesome.

This place is so cozy and serves up some great food. Don't hesitate to stop by!
This place is a hidden gem! I've been to Cafe Ynez 4 times since discovering it in early July, and each experience has been perfect. I've tried the shrimp tacos, guacamole, rice and refried beans, veggie burrito, and chicken sandwich and would recommend them all. The mango mint mixer is also delicious with byo tequila, and it's served in adorable/trendy/instagrammable cactus shaped cocktail glasses. The food is very reasonably priced and the staff is super friendly. They also can accommodate larger groups (I went with a party of 9).
Went here for dinner last night. This is one place that has been on my list for a while to try in the graduate hospital neighborhood. The decor is colorful and matches the bright and fresh food. 

Quick service- our server was buzzing around and checked in on us frequently. Our food came out relatively fast as well. The place was full, even on a Wednesday night, and I can understand why. 

I ordered veg tacos and horchata, both were very good and I'd definitely order again. They also have Mexican coke a cola to my delight. Others in my party ordered chicken, rice, and several other things, commenting that it was all delicious. Also with every meal they bring out chips/green salsa, which was delicious. I will likely be back within the next few months.
I decided to venture out and try Cafe Ynez on it's opening day.  I am a big fan of Mexican food... I gladly rode across town because I had read plenty about the place leading up to its opening and wanted something new.  My only initial complaint is that there was no place to park and lock your bike. As for the food, the service was nice, quick, the food came out fast and they were fast to follow up with you while eating. 

I ordered the carnitas sandwich which was very good quality.  The sandwich came with a side salad, and for the price, it was an overall great value.  I'd like to know if they make their own bread because the roll the sandwich was on was also great. Chips and salsa verde come complimentary- the salsa was tasty. 

Aside from what I ordered, the menu was short but had a solid collection to choose from. There were a lack of drink options but that could change considering I was there on day one. When I revisit, I will have to try the coffee for sure.
After living in Texas, it's been incredibly difficult to find a place in Philly that really hits the spot when it comes to tacos. So I'm so thankful I tried this place, and now know where to go when I need my taco fix!! 

The restaurant is small and not too fancy (perfect for a casual meal). The staff was awesome - we walked in after a larger group pretty much took over the joint, but the waiter was kind enough to put our order in first.

Chips and guac - creamy, tangy topped with a little cotija. Cool presentation, served with thick corn chips 

Steak burrito- a savory large portion, but was a surprisingly fresh dish that wasn't weighed down by rice & beans

Tacos de camarones - these were amazing. A hefty portion of chili shrimp topped with fresh, light cabbage, radish, and avocado
We walked into a completely empty restaurant and were asked to seat ourselves. We sat down at a booth. Whoever designed this place must have been in charge of seats on a plane. I have never been so uncomfortable at the dinner table in my life!

Anyways when our server came to our table he asked us to move because they were expecting more people to show up and he shooed us out of the booth. Great! Ps no big groups ever showed up. Thanks for giving us the boot!

We ordered the shrimp ceviche but the server rang us up for tuna ceviche. We didn't realize this until we had already started eating it. It was tasty so we didn't send it back. The chips were nice and crispy. The tuna ceviche had a subtle coconut and ginger infused taste. 

The chicken burrito was large but was really bland and served with a really awkward salad. The rice had green peas in it which really clashed with the whole Mexican food thing. I give the chicken burrito zero stars. 

The fish tacos weren't much better. Flavorless and good for nothing. 

I am having a hard time deciding if the food here was worse or if the food at los camaradas was worse. At any rate I will not be back at either to crown the loser of this south Philly Mexican food competition. If you want bad Mexican food try Taco Bell.
Easily my favorite Mexican restaurant in the city!

The exterior of the building makes it sort of easy to pass by but once inside you are welcomed by friendly staff and a warm, colorful interior. 

I've been many times for brunch and lunch, among my favorites are the huevos rancheros, the ynez salad with shrimp, shrimp tacos and steak burrito. Portions are huge and cooked super fresh. They have a small semi-open kitchen where you can watch them working away with fresh ingredients. 

When you dine in, you are immediately brought waters and fresh warm chips and salsa verde. Do not skip this salsa it is awesome! Service is quick which makes for a great business lunch however they'll never rush you out so if you want to stay and chat with friends, it is a very welcoming atmosphere. 

Another great point is they are BYOB, you can bring in whatever spirit you wish and they are happy to bring you carafes of mixers!

Definitely 5 stars all around, from the food, the service, the atmosphere and even their take out! It is all neatly packaged up, labeled and delivered quickly!
I gotta stop ordering through TryCaviar, but seeing as my work building is so far from all the good food and I have a hankering for tacos during lunch, I can't help myself.

Nothing was remarkable or that memorable, but nothing was terrible either- hence the 3 stars.

My steak tacos were on flour tortillas instead of corn (pet peeve) and so, by the time I got it, it was a soggy mess- so much so that one taco I just straight up ate with a fork and knife.  The flavors were just 'aight- again, nothing amazing.  The sauces that came on the side, however, were tasty and helped kick the flavors of the steak up a notch.

My friend ordered the guacamole and seemed to like it.  I tried the chips, and while they were that nice homemade style, they had a funny, almost sweet taste to them.  Not a fan.

Another friend ordered the veggie burrito, which was actually done in a Greek style with spinach, feta and hummus.  While she enjoyed it very much, she said none of it was mixed together enough, so 1/3 of the burrito on the right was just a mouthful of hummus, spinach all up in the middle and hunks of feta cheese on the left.  A little more finesse and a tighter wrap could have made that better. 

Also, the rice and refried beans were lacking in flavor- the rice had peas and carrots in it and kind of tasted like what I could get out a box and the refried beans were underwhelming.  

Overall, I'd much prefer to dine in here and try my food while it's still hot.
Cafe Ynez uses fresh, quality ingredients and raises their flavor with exceptional cooking. I will rank them my favorite burrito in town. We especially like their steak platters in general. Great little spot to eat at or pick up from, and kudos to the owners for taking a chance by opening their shop on Washington so early in the streets development. They are in many ways one of the reasons the street is changing, not a result of the change.
Iced cafe mocha & chorizo breakfast burrito--delicious. Friendly employees & a cute place. 

Plus they have a couple tables outside so you can bring dogs. Enjoy!
I really wanted to love this place but for me it was just okay. As my friend said when we were leaving "that place was good, but we don't have to go back."

PROS
-No wait for brunch on a Sunday.
-Super friendly server.
-Very cute atmosphere.
-Free chips and salsa (the green kind, which is obviously superior).
-Breakfast Nachos were really good.
-4 types of hot sauce at the table.
-They are BYOB and have drink mixers (can't vouch for those as I was too hungover to imbibe).
-They are very reasonably priced ($15 for an entree, a coffee, and an entree shared as an appetizer cus that's how I roll).

CONS
-The guacamole side was pretty tiny for the extra $4.
-Eagles, Philly, yay, woo sports! I get it. But the game was on way too loud in my opinion for this not being a sports bar, and for me to have a conversation with my friends.
-The food was just ok for me-the chicken in the pollo enchiladas was a bit dry and overall just didn't blow my mind. Maybe my expectations were too high based on the reviews.

Maybe I'll try it out again for dinner because I want to encourage new small businesses in the neighborhood and I love a BYOB that doesn't imply wine, but for brunch, I have other places on my list to cross off.
Cafe Ynez is a great neighborhood for Mexican food. I've BYOB wine here and gotten take-out. My go to is the Veggie Burrito, which I make grande, for take out. When dining in, I go with the Vegetarian Enchiladas. The service has always been very friendly. I also really like that they have a good selections of hot sauces for the table.

It's also great that they have many mixers. Next time, I'll need to bring tequllia.
I see Michelle C check in here on the regular, and it had been at the top of my list to try out. So, I came here on a Saturday morning around 11:00am. My sister drove, and we found parking on 21st street just south of Washington. We went in a got a table right away. 

We ordered coffees (they have a variety of whole/skim milk including soy). The menu is amazing. I honestly had an extremely hard time deciding, but we chose to share a breakfast burrito and chilaquiles. The chilaquiles were delicious! I've gotten them at other places where the chips underneath are not drenched in the salsa verde like they are supposed to be. These were perfect. The breakfast burrito was great too. They brought us a small basket of chips to start. 

Our bill, after tax and tip - for 2 meals and 2 coffees - was $25.
So Disappointing.

Had a nice cup of drip coffee one morning.

Came back for lunch and had an overpriced but reasonably ok carnitas cemitas sandwich. Chips and salsa were fine.  Nice salad.  Aloof service. Got a shot of dark bitter water from the espresso machine.  

A few days later I came back for dinner after a long day of hiking and really had a bogus time.

Reheated, overpriced and foul tasting rotisserie chicken burnt (fake lemon seasoning tastes like burnt plastic people!).  I have had better for a third of the price from every grocery store hot line.  Absolutely no authentic spices being used in recipes.  Sides were lackluster and confused, pickled mango salad was made with spices that conflicted and may have been old (tasted like rotten garbage).  Elote was steamed corn, probably from frozen and served with a 16th wedge of lemon and a ramekin of butter; where is the chili powder?  Mayo? chihuahua cheese?  Guacamole was inedible, overripe avos, weird dried chilis maybe sundried tomatoes?

Poor customer service in an empty restaurant.  Obviously the conversation in the back with the kitchen and register girl was way more important than checking on me and my date or clearing our plates and bringing us the bill.  Bad meals really start to burn when you have to sit and stare at them for ten minutes.

  This place is obviously cutting corners and passing the buck to you!  Classic Philly Bullshit.  Can't wait to see what is in the space next month cause I won't be back till it ain't Ynez.
This place is a little gem on Washington Ave. They nail that Mexican diner vibe with their decor. Servers are friendly, and service is fast. My favorite dish is the pollo enchiladas at brunch. Corn tortillas stuffed with shredded chicken and lathered in a bright tasting tomatillo salsa, topped with cheese and a sunny-side up egg. Once you get that egg yolk oozing out on top, you've got a winner. 

The ceviche, which they've had on special, is worth an order- don't waste that leche del tigre- as are their churros if you're looking for something sweet to round off the meal. They're crispy on the outside and soft and almost doughy on the inside. Dipped in their molten chocolate, they're delicioso.

Their breakfast nachos are tasty, but could use a little more layering finesse to get the toppings evenly distributed. I would also love to see some more lettuce and tomatoes mixed on there to brighten it up. Their molletes- a Mexican version of bruschetta- are simple but fresh and perfect for nibbling before the main event.

Their Taco Tuesday is an unbeatable deal. Three engorged tacos for the price of two...

While I have a special place in my stomach for the more traditional taquerias, this place is forging it's own little niche too. The food is prepared with a lot of love, a bounty of fresh ingredients, and it's just plain fun to eat here.
Ynez has a lot of my favorite things going for it: Mexican food, diner decor, and super-friendly waitstaff. This place has been on my list since it opened, so I was really happy to have brunch here yesterday. The bike parking is basically non-existent, so that was a bummer, but this is in a strange transitional area right on the border between South Philly and Graduate Hospital. We were seated immediately in a comfy booth with retro tables and really interesting artwork. My only other complaint is a lack of simple syrup or liquid sweetener for the iced coffee, but I'm just being picky. 

I split the breakfast burrito and the Chilaquiles entrees. The burrito was definitely the better dish, although it was a bit dry. It had a lot of great ingredients, but could have used a little kick of something, or perhaps some smothering. The chilaquiles on the other hand were almost drowning in salsa verde. I know this is a traditional dish, but this one had borderline too much salsa and not much else going on. Both of them were solid dishes with 5-star potential, and the service here is fantastic. I like the size of the menu and the prices are really excellent compared to basically any other brunch in the city. I'll be back!
Totally awesome weekend brunch place that is rarely crowded! The location is slightly hidden on Washington, but the food is tasty: the vegetarian enchiladas were DELICIOUS. Reasonably priced meals. Loved the authentic chips and salsa that start off the meal.
Not gonna lie, I almost didn't make it here Sunday morning (rough night) but thank the brunch gods I did. This was quality recovery food. I went with the pulled chicken in chipotle sauce breakfast burrito with rice, beans, and no sour cream for me. The side salad was a little overdressed and wilted but I didn't mind it. Would definitely come back to try more of the menu options!
We got takeout from here recently. I can't say enough good things- like, sure, witnessing the birth of your first child must be great, but have you ever had the steak burrito?
Small, quaint cafe. Food is fresh, made daily. No freezer on premises. I know this because I asked for a combo of the soft tacos and that's what I was told. It's easier to make one type of meat. Tacos were tasty, I'm a cheese lover and to me the sprinkles made me yearn for more...but maybe it's a sign I chill off the cheese. Once you're seated you are served a salsa verde and chips. We tried all of the hot sauces except the xxxx one. They're all spicy and good, flavors vary slightly. The black reserved hot sauce has a smoky flavor which is good. I opted for the Caribbean hot sauce on my food. To start we ordered guac and chips. The portion was a little smaller than usual for a $10 app but it was good so that's OK. My man ordered the steak burrito and that's definitely the way to go! The meat was tender, the sauce on that burrito makes it! It was also nice and light, not your typical heavy burrito. So of course we swapped 1/2 of our order with the other and I got to enjoy half os his yummy burrito. Decor is cute, service was good just don't expect much. We went for the food, and we weren't disappointed. I look forward to trying a breakfast/brunch option next time with a Bloody Mary. Oh yea it's byo!
I decided to try this restaurant out while driving past, and boy was it a treat. I ordered chicken tacos, and they sure did not disappoint. Several flavors picked into a savory taco, my tastebuds thoroughly enjoyed every bite. I found that the portions, however, are not too filling. I still felt hungry after I ate my meal. I would definitely go back.
Great food & fantastic ambiance! I got the steak fajitas and they were super savory and delicious! We also got the guac and it was epic!!! I can't wait to go back again soon!
Love everything about this place! Especially the quesadillas and the chicken fajitas! Yum!! The staff is always friendly. Love that it's also a byob - they have great margarita mixers!
Got take out last night from Cafe Ynez. Their quesadillas are absolutely to die for! They were full of veggies and quinoa, bursting with flavor. They were sliced into three pieces and came with sour cream and a salsa. This was a perfect dinner! So thankful they're still operating during the quarantine.
I've heard good things about this little gem and I wanted to give it a try for brunch (Right before covid, thankfully) we got tacos, burritos, guacamole and churros. Everything was absolutely delicious. But let me tell you about the place, it's very cute and small. Looks kind of older, vintage-ish kinda style. Really liked it. It's definitely a little pricy for the place itself. It's the same bill you would pay in a boujee spot at Rittenhouse.
What a cute little BYO restaurant on Washington. It's very tiny, but they do take reservations on yelp. I snagged one the morning of Cinco de Mayo, and when we got there, they removed their "reserved" sign on our two-top so they actually take reservations seriously, which is nice.

You can buy a pitcher of marg mix for like $13 (options included: blackberry and thyme, mango mint or blood orange). This is great because 1) it's way cheaper than a $30+ pitcher somewhere else 2) you can bring your favorite tequila! My favorite is hard to find so it was nice to BYO!

They had a variety of options for brunch with breakfast and lunch items. The food came very quickly; the service was a little disjointed, but the waiter seemed new and was extremely nice. The guac is creamy, and their salsa verde was great. We enjoyed our steak burrito and chicken sandwich a lot! Our only note is that the side of rice and beans was super tiny for $5. However, we didn't have room (on the table or in our stomachs) for anything larger so all was well.
A wonderful addition to the Grad Hospital neighborhood!!! My fiance and I walked down to Cafe Ynez last night with high expectations and they were exceeded. Very friendly staff, takes credit cards, and the food was delicious. We got guacamole and chips, chicken enchiladas, a carnitas sandwich. The prices were really reasonable and the food was fresh and tasted great. Grad Hospital desperately needs more places like this and it was great to see Cafe Ynez packed on a Wednesday night with couples (young and old) and a few families. It also looks like they might be BYO and I think I saw a board with margarita mixer flavors. Yes please!!!
While in the neighborhood, we decided to give Cafe Ynez a try given their recent  callout as one of the Best Brunch Spots by VisitPhilly.com. I opted for a Mexican Hot Chocolate (delicious) and the Pollo Enchiladas - yum. With complimentary chips + salsa, easy street parking, and a casual vibe, you can't go wrong with this place as a low-key brunch option.
The décor here is suuuuuper cute! I wish it was in NYC! The prices are totally reasonable and the food was good too. Such an adorable place. If I'm ever in the neighborhood again, I will definitely be back.
This place hit all the boxes: food, service, and ambience. 

The menu features fresh Mexican food. I had the vegetarian enchiladas and the fish tacos. The enchiladas were light and flavorful. The fish tacos had perfectly seasoned and cooked white fish with cotija cheese, lime, and avocado. If there's a better food for a nice summer day, I haven't found it! 

The server was friendly and attentive, even when the restaurant had become busy all at once. 

The restaurant is bright, clean, and comfortable. It's definitely somewhere you want to eat in. Plus then you'll get some amazing chips and salsa!
Group of 10.  No reservations.  A group of 12 came in and got seated right before we did.  My group still gets seated under 10 minutes (keep in mind that this place is tiny as all hell).  Of all the crazy things that have occurred within the past 96 hours... the phenomenon referred to in the aforementioned four sentences may very well be the most unbelievable thing to have transpired (and the past 96 hours have been pretty ridiculous... but that's none of any of your damn business).

Prior to coming in, we had been warned that there were no reservations available for our group for some time, and that walking in with a dining cadre of such monstrous proportions could very well end up taking over an hour to get the lot of us seated together.  The odds weren't good, but we channeled our inner Han Solos and said "to hell with the odds!" (actual quote being "never tell me the odds" - Empire Strikes Back 1980).

The staff cobbled together a combination of the corner booth and four-person and two-person tables together in order to put together a set of seats that could accommodate our numbers (kinda like Voltron, but with tables).  From there we were assisted with ordering mixer for our tequila (the place is BYOB... with heavy encouragement by the joint to bring tequila, as they have specialty mixes tailored to creating an impressive variety of margaritas)... and at some point we ordered food.

The menu at this spot is desayuno Mexicano (Mexican breakfast/brunch) and that's all they serve all day (allegedly).  And it was just as well, as it was standard brunching hours upon my group's arrival.  They did a 90% great job in delivering everyone's meal at the same time and as requested upon the taking of orders.  However, only after they topped off breakfast burrito with a toxic dollop of sour cream did they take it back and remake me a new one (I did order a burrito sans dairy, and they caught it after the little mistake, and told me that my food was late because they needed to rectify this error); my food came out in due course and tasted pretty good (although I do not think that they added the chorizo that I had requested be added in it... whatevs).

At the end of the day, Cafe Ynez is a charming little spot where you and a teem of people you may or may not be too fond of can go to and imbibe to the point that you go blind.  Highly encouraged.
Great little neighborhood Mexican BYOB! The food is fresh and delicious. The service is awesome, never that long of a wait (you can also make reservations through Yelp) and everyone is super friendly. The menu is pretty extensive and the atmosphere is quaint and cozy. What I like best is that you can have a "fun" Mexican restaurant atmosphere without paying for something more high end in center city (where the food wouldn't be as authentic.) All around great spot.
I have been reading all of the great review on Yelp of this place in earnest and have been looking for a chance to go.  My friend and I wanted to celebrate Christmas by doing brunch, so I convinced her to give this place a try.  We arrived, bottle of rose sparkling wine in tow, at 1 pm on a rainy Saturday.  We got the last table (there are only about 8), but the crowd seemed to ebb and flow nicely, so if anyone came in after us, they would not have had to wait long. 

I got the vegetarian enchiladas and added a side of rice and beans (which are not vegetarian due to the use of chicken stock in the spanish rice).  I liked that the enchiladas came with a fried egg.  I thought they were good, but not great.  The rice and beans were tasty and cuminy and come topped with some queso fresca.

We got a passionfruit cocktail mixer (whole carafe) for $10 to mix with our champagne.  It came with ice, so I wish our server would have said something before we ordered, seeing the obvious bottle of champagne we brought with us.  I wasn't totally sure how it would blend with the champagne, but it was delicious.

Additional tips:  They take reservations for parties of 6 or more and Tuesdays are "taco tuesdays."  Instead of the two tacos that normally come with the dish, you get three for the same price.  Bonus:  Check in on Yelp and get 10% off your order on Taco Tuesdays.
Zack noted this isn't REALLY a Mexican place. It has chips and guac and cute margarita glasses, sure. But his steak burrito was more of a wrap, loaded with warm lettuce and too much sour cream. 

I had chicken tacos, which were a little more authentic, and tasted great. Two overstuffed corn tortillas for $7- not bad. Our server was less than enthusastic, but it didn't bother me too much. Cafe Ynez is very casual. Think of it as the less-mature lil sis of Loco Pez.

BYOB.  

I'd definitely come back to try brunch.
This place is a hole in the wall, in an up and coming  neighborhood that I typically wouldn't venture into, but the other reviews on yelp had me swayed to try it out. Basic in the taco department, but their refried beans were made from black beans--a super tasty twist on a classic.
As we walked in today, we met our server Tracey. She was quick and polite. We sat down. Looked around. This place is clean. Retro Mexican kinda look.

Ordered our food. Steak burritos, chicken taco, side of potatoes, and a cafe con leche. As we waited for our food. Water came and shortly after a freshly made bowl of tortillas and dip came over. Surprisingly, this was really good.

Couple minutes later, Tracey is back with my cafe con leche. Warm while milk with a frothy milk foam and a hint of coffee. It was just right. It might be my new fav drink. 

Chicken taco with a side of potatoes and steak burritos came out. I am in shocked. The chicken taco was delicious. Nice and fresh. Intense flavor of smokiness with the sauce. My steak burrito was huge. Fresh, hearty, and perfect. It's the first time I have to say "someone really made this with love." It was just perfect all the way around. 

Tracey, was an all around hostess, server and bus person. She was a one person team of jack of all trades. I think she makes the experience this cafe really good. She was knowledgable about the food and drinks.

This place probably has about 10 tables. They also do take out. Parking is hard to find here. Lots of loading zones infront of this place. Overall, I'd come back again and again and refer tons of people here.
Came here on a weeknight for dinner

FOOD-Great fish tacos with the star being the fish pieces-light and flaky, melts in your mouth! The steak burrito was also tasty

SERVICE-very nice staff, BYOB

Overall the food was good but just not amazing. I would consider doing take out next time but the prices are a tad steep for Mexican takeout.
I heart Mexican. I heart my neighborhood. Naturally, I heart Cafe Ynez. I thank Michelle for introducing me to this place because it's a great addition to the the hood. Only suggestion, I wish they had a few more options in the drinks department. I don't drink coffee and I while I love Jarrito's - I'd like some variety. 

The menu is simple, which makes me happy. I've ordered the fish tacos, shrimp tacos, chicken burrito and the chicken enchiladas. The chicken in the enchiladas was fresh and tender, but could have had a little more flavor. The burrito is fantastic and packs a nice punch, plus there are green peas inside. A first for me there, but I could get into this. Both tacos were good, but the shrimp taco special I had last week was f-ing delicious. When it comes to fruit salsas, I'm a wuss, but the pineapple salsa on these shrimp tacos was perfect. Start to finish, I loved them. I want to go back right now. Seriously. Right now. 

Service is great. Also, solid guac and haven't done the BYOT (Bring Your Own Tequila), but have heard it only adds to wonder of Cafe Ynez.
I have been here several times, mostly good! The one bad thing is I tried to get a churro twice, one time they served it to me and it was hard as a rock, the other they gave me a disclaimer that they were probably not fresh, and therefore it wouldn't be a good idea to get one. If you're going to have baked goods at the counter they should be fresh!

I've gotten one of the salads (4/5), tacos for taco Tuesday (5/5 but spicy), and the vegetarian enchiladas many times for lunch (5/5 every time). The service has always been good, but I believe the first time I went the chips and salsa were not free. The last two times I dined in they were, which is a nice bonus!
Cafe Ynez just opened a couple blocks from me!  I stopped by for brunch and was surely impressed.  They are a small place with just a few tables on Washington Ave.  It's kind of funny that they're set between a bunch of marble warehouses but hey, I'm not complaining. 

 They had a simple menu with maybe 10 items, which is a nice change from the hoard of options at most places.  The menu consisted of some Mexican-style dishes with an american flare and all looked delicious.  I also enjoyed the upbeat Latin music playing.  On to the food, I ordered a breakfast cemita.  It was so packed with delicious ingredients and filling I almost couldn't finish it.  It also came with a side salad.  

Can't wait to go back!
We've been to Cafe Ynez twice, once when they first opened and then again last weekend, and both times it's been excellent. 

Very good food, very friendly staff and very welcoming atmosphere. 

BYO beer and BYO tequila for their fantastic mixers. Great guac, great enchiladas. 

Highly recommended and an excellent addition to the neighborhood!
YUMMY YUM YUM!

This place is amazing! I didnt even know it existed until someone took me there. It is an adorably decorated hole in the wall but it's probably the best Mexican I've had in Philadelphia. We ordered the guacamole, the steak fijitas, the pork tacos and the chicken quesadillas. Overall every dish was better than the next, but the pork tacos were especially heavenly and I've been dreaming of them every since. 

A+ for this gem! Can't wait to go back.
Finally got to check this tiny Mexican spot out! 

Brunch menu was fantastic, with lots of options - chilaquiles, huevos rancheros, savory chorizo, and a fried egg on top of everything. Complimentary chips and salsa is always a nice touch too. 

Our server was so sweet, and split our check three ways (as a server in a former life, I know what a pain that can be.) 

Will definitely be back! Next time with plenty of tequila in tow.... they've got all kinds of tasty-looking mix-ins.
What's up with the service at this place? I came here on New Year's Day with my boyfriend, the restaurant was half empty but we were asked if we made a reservation, we did not, the server hesitated about seating us but eventually did. Meanwhile the restaurant did not get any more crowded the duration of the meal. There was something very odd about the interaction. 

My boyfriend  tried ordering huevos rancheros and it comes with 2 pork tacos, he doesn't eat pork and asked to substitute these with chicken (an item on the menu) he was just told no. I thought the server was joking and almost started laughing. She was not. Come on, any other dining establishment would accommodate someone's dietary needs. This particular server was very unprofessional and also held very loud conversations with another server where we were seated.  

Although overshadowed by the poor service, we were offered churros because our meal was taking long (I'm not even sure it was). Food was actually pretty good but there are too many restaurants in Philly that treat their patrons kindly to return here anytime soon.
Finally made it out to this place for brunch and was really pleased with it! Really good, Mexican-inspired brunch options, all for under $10 (which given how out of hand brunch options and prices can get, I really appreciate that in a restaurant). The service was very friendly, although in such a small space, it was really noticeable when they all started chatting with each other. I got the vegetarian enchiladas and my boyfriend got the breakfast cemita, which were both quite good. While waiting, our waitress brought us chips and salsa, which was nice since I usually arrive to brunch with ravenous hunger and want to start eating as soon as possible. With two coffees and juices the total was less than $25, which by brunch standards I think is great. I definitely want to come back and try more off their brunch menu, and maybe even their lunch and dinner stuff sometime.
This is not a Mexican restaurant. This is a cafe that serves some Mexican-type food and calls it by Mexican names. The service was really good and the atmosphere was great. But if you want Mexican, this is not the place.

I ordered a Vegetarian Burrito and T got a Tinga Burrito. We also ordered Guacamole for a starter. 

The guac was fine but nothing special. It could have come from a container but it was fine. 

The vegetarian burrito was a hummus wrap. There was hummus in it. And feta and lettuce and cooked spinach and roasted red peppers. I did read the description but I did not see hummus on it. That might have been my fault. But it is a dimly lit place and I saw vegetarian burrito and that's my go to. I did not want a hummus wrap. If I wanted a hummus wrap, it would have been good. 

The tinga burrito was suppose to be pulled chicken. T said it tasted more ground and that there were peas and black beans with it. Peas have a very distinct flavor and not one that belongs in a burrito. He could not eat it. 

For 30$, I wanted Mexican burritos. We were disappointed. Seems like a great place if you want to go to a cafe, though, and it's in a very empty area so that's nice.
We've come here a handful of times and each time it's great. Sometimes we bring our own tequila and use their house made mixers ($10). You can bring any booze you want for brunch/dinner.

I've never had their dinner, but my husband tried their special and said it was great-$15 for a rotisserie chicken and 2 sides.  For brunch, we've had the breakfast nachos, huevos rancheros, pollo enchiladas, chilaquiles con pollo and tinga burrito- all of which have been great and super flavorful.  My husband is from California and used to authentic Mexican food; he loves this place!
Had one of the best sandwiches I have ever had here. Amazing food at great prices. It's small and cozy with a cool Mexican cafe theme. Bring your own tequila and they we
make you a margarita.  

We had a very attentive server who chatted with us and answered all of all questions. She was super nice.
I came to Cafe Ynez for brunch on Sunday, everything was "A-ok" but nothing overly special.  I had high hopes after reading the reviews and knowing the other great establishments by the owner.  However, I was slightly underwhelmed, although the food was still pretty good.

We ordered the chicken enchiladas which were topped with a fried egg, pretty good.  Also ordered an omelette, which comes with breakfast potatoes and small side salad.  The potatoes were fantastic. The omelette was also very good, but, I didn't want ham (vegetarian), so I asked for avocado instead.  They couldn't swap evenly (not sure why, I know avocado is expensive, but I removed the meat! Its not like I was swapping out the tomatoes or something else cheap), so they substituted refried beans for the ham instead, which I love beans so its ok.

Overall, I did like the food.  But the service was not very friendly, and she didn't seem like she cared about being there at all.  Also, the avocado thing was odd.  Oh, and $5 for a side of breakfast potatoes was a rip-off because the portion size was so small, served in a small ramekin.  Rip off.  Prices of the entrees were acceptable though; my omelette was $9 and the enchiladas were $10.  This place is good, not great.  I probably won't come back unless other friends want to go and I'm tagging along.
Must try!!! Great Mexican restaurant BYOB they provide mixers for your Marquita's yummy!! We love this place cute and cozy.. Staff is super friendly!
I had my Mother's Day brunch at Cafe Ynez and it was a great experience. I was given a flower AND a complimentary Mimosa in honor of Mom's Day and everyone was incredibly friendly!  Oh yeah, and there was no wait.....:) I had the Chilaquiles which normally comes with chicken but they kindly accommodated my request to have it without meat. My daughter had the french toast special with Nutella - I didn't try it, but I was told it was amazing.  The Cafe con Leche was delish. 

The decor is well done - clearly a lot of thought went in to the design. The food prices were excellent. 

If you live South of South in Grad. Hospital, Point Breeze, etc. and want Mexican there's no need to go to 9th & Washington - the food at Ynez was better than what I've had there in years and closer! They deserve to get a loyal following.
I have gone here twice within a week both experiences were fantastic. One does not need to be a vegetarian to enjoy the  vegetarian enchilada.  It was sooo good. The complimentary verde salsa has a nice kick. The guacamole is amazing. The prices are quite reasonable and the staff was very friendly. It's great that a place like this is on Washington St, I hope it's a sign of more great things to come.
I have loved eating here in the past but today was an incredibly bad dining experience. I ordered the special fennel soup and was served a soup that was far different than I expected.  After a few bites, I found chicken in the soup. When I asked the waiter if the soup served was what I ordered, he laughed and said no but it is delicious. I don't eat meat and told him, he did nothing about it so I had it boxed up for my wife. I I tried to be a Good sport about it but the longer I sat there with my wife, the more angry I got as I waited for someone to offer me something else but nothing happened. I was astonished to find that I was charged for it and when I mentioned the mistake to another person on the staff, they shrugged it off. It will be a long time before I return.

But recently, the owner contacted me and let me know that this was an isolated incident and that she has made corrections to the staff. I was so glad to hear back from her and look forward to giving this lovely little restaurant another try.
I was working late one night, and decided I wanted some Mexican food, and for it to be something different. I went through the list of places that would deliver and I took to Yelp, like I so often do to insure it was a quality place. Cafe Ynez seemed to fit the bill.

Before placing my order, I looked through the pictures on Yelp. Man, those enchiladas looked goody good. I just wanted one in my belly stat. To my surprise, they were not on the menu to order. So, I dialed them up and confronted them on this travesty. I fully expected them to tell me how to make this dream come true. But no. The enchiladas are only for brunch. This made me sad.

But hey, they had other good looking things, so I got over myself. I got a Tinga Burrito and it was delish. I also got guac and chips, which was a home run. A week later, I ordered again and got the chicken tacos. These were a real prize. The rice and beans were really good as well. And, they make a banging horchata.

All in all, it was a good meal. Now, if they can up their game and make some dinner enchiladas that look, and taste, as good as the brunch ones I oggled, than maybe I will up my rating to 5 stars. 

Make some enchiladas for dinner!
Best chicken tacos I've had on the East Coast. Hands down. Great presentation. Very affordable. I recommend going on Tuesdays for Taco Tuesday. Thanks for the great meal, Cafe Ynez!
The food is incredible. The service is fantastic too. Our server's name was Elizabelle and she was great. Highly recommend quesadillas and pretty much everything they have on the menu. This place is amazing. Parking is very easy too.
Im so happy to have this awesome restaurant in my neighborhood. Although the me u is fairly small, all of the food is extremely good. The steak burrito is my favorite mexican dish in the city. It's not a central location, but cafe ynez is worth a trip to Washington Avenue. They have great drink margarita drink mixes and it's always byob!
Unless you're shopping for a good price on marble slabs or having body work done on your car, you won't likely just walk by Ynez, so let me make a suggestion:  walk out of your way and go there! Great, authentic Mexican food. Made fresh and on-site. And you can tell. So much flavor. And the staff -- from General Manager Carlos to Server Tony to the guys in the kitchen -- made my friends and me feel right at home. I recently went vegetarian and loved the enchiladas with veggies. Delicious! Great pastries too.  Enjoy it!
There were 8 of us for brunch and each dish was delicious. I had hearty, amazing Huevos Rancheros with refried black beans. BYOB. Definitely recommend!
Excellent "authentic" Mexican food.  Fun kitschy mid century modern decor.  Awesome that you can BYO tequila for margaritas!   I hope this place is a harbinger for more good places to come that actually serve OUR community on Washington Ave.
So you say you need authentic Mexican chow and you are near South Center City/Point Breeze? Welllllllll lucky you found this joint. Full selection of freshly made Mexican, some Spanish music ambiance, and a very friendly staff. The service was quick, the food was solid, parking was easy. Pen me in for another visit.
Food was so fresh and delicious. Loved every bite . Atmosphere is cozy and stress relieving. Friendly staff. Great place over all.
Good food bad service. I like the omelet and burrittos but don't like their strict rules you can't sit 4ppl table even when no one inside.
I have no clue how this place got 4 stars...the burritos were terrible...no flavor, just lacking taste and extra spicy. The guac is extra, extra spicy. Will not be back.
So glad Cafe Ynez has come to our neighborhood! It's incredibly cute inside with a friendly, helpful staff. I got a rotisserie chicken with sides to go and it was such a delicious bargain! Well seasoned with very crispy skin. Great coffee too!
What a hidden gem! Cafe Ynez is an awesome spot for some pretty authentic Mexican food. Don't be fooled by the location on Washington Ave. - this is worth a stop. The restaurant is small but cozy with a cool modern diner feel, and the food was great. They give you complimentary chips and salsa verde to start, and we ordered a chicken tostada for the table - highly recommend. My boyfriend had the 3 tacos for $7 deal (taco Tuesday) and I tried the Halambre. Both great! We also grabbed a churro on the way out - worth the $2. Our waitress was really nice and attentive, especially given that a table of 10 walked in behind us. We'll definitely be back, and maybe with some wine or tequila to take advantage of the BYO.
The food was delicious. I had a steak burrito and my wife had a steak quesadilla with rice and beans. The quesadilla was better than the burrito, but the service was pretty slow. Will definitely go back for the food, but maybe order take out instead.
I was really excited to try this place out after reading all of the great reviews. Most importantly- if you are looking for Mexican-this is not it, this is more Mexican influenced dishes. Not in any way a bad thing. What unfortunately was a bit of a let down is food itself, not something you would go back for. Ok to try it once, but not in any way something that would set this place apart.
Heck yes to another restaurant opening on Washington Ave! This place has been open for about 2 months now and I finally made my first visit this past weekend--and it's not at all what you would expect. 

First of all, it's so well decorated and bright. It definitely lightened my mood and helped to start off the day right. And they played great latin music (ie, a latin cover of that song from Titanic). Secondly, holy cheap prices! $2.50 for a giant iced coffee, $7 for my meal? Yes please. Thirdly, my veggie enchiladas were delicious. A small bed of shredded lettuce, enchiladas filled with veggies, a nicely spiced red sauce, and topped with a fried egg. Yumz in my tumz. 

I wasn't a fan of the salsa verde--something seemed a tad off--but everything else was so good. I'm so glad Cafe Ynez is in my neighborhood and I'll definitely be back soon!
The most under appreciated brunch in Philadelphia. There is never a line and I always walk away wondering why I ever get brunch anywhere else. Try a churro with the chocolate dipping sauce to satisfy your craving for a sweet breakfast, then try to resist drinking the rest of the chocolate sauce, then go for one of the delicious savory entrees. Lots of great vegetarian options too.
Soon after finding a booth we received chips, salsa, and a fresh juice mixer to healthy up our tequila. While we waited for our food, we were able to appreciate the deliberate diner-esque feel. It is a different ambiance from Cafe L'aube, slightly more welcoming, though L'Aube seemed better suited to be inside NexFab design studios.

 Fish tacos,  2 for $10, were nice plump tilapia strips with a perfect complementary spicy, sweet pineapple salsa and  hit of smoothness from the crema, avocado, and cheese.

Cafe Ynez also boats a rotisserie for chicken. Whole chickens are available to eat in or take out. A thin and very herbaceous skin contained a  smallish  but meaty chicken. The spicy tomatillo sauce is nice, but not even necessary because of all that potent skin flavor.

A whole chicken and 3 sides is $15.  Guacamole was good, as it usually is (except when its bad and then the cook should be slapped). The corn was fine, but the truffle butter that came with it was brilliant. And the slaw/escabeche provided that acid we are all addicted to now. A pretty well rounded meal package
Great Mexican food and one of the few places on Washington catering to the Graduate Hospital area. The food is really fresh and always delicious. I recommend the pulled pork sandwich and the chicken burritos, both of which are fantastic. Super tasty guacamole and chips as well. 
The place is BYO and make sure to bring your favorite beer, wine (sangria!) or even hard liquor. The place is on the smaller side, so call ahead if you are part of a larger group. If you don't feel like dining in, the pick up option makes this another one of my favorites in the area. 
5/5 would highly recommend for authentic Mexican food!
Great new addition to Washington Ave... now open till 8pm... had a very good breakfast here.  They do need bike racks, hope they can figure that out.

BUT, really good coffee, esp. the spiced Mexican style.

Tasty, and they give a good amount of food for breakfast--nice before a long ride.
Lunch also great, and fast! 
Would give an additional star for the music--nice mix, and just the right level, good speakers...so many diners just plunk on the radio. Not Ynez. BTW, didn't mean to eavesdrop, but the NextFab conversations are also fascinating--trying to figure out what problem they are solving amidst the jargon.

cheers and will be back soon....
   -- mcget/ trophy bikes
Recently there for a private dinner party, I was impressed by the understated but funky interior. 

I was thrilled to see my friends of course, but was almost immediately distracted by the mounds of beautiful pico de gallo surrounded by the most enticing golden brown (clearly home made) tortilla chips. The pico was perfect. The chips were perfect. "It's all down hill from here..." I thought to myself. I was wrong. Then came the guacamole. Perfect. All guacamole strives to be this guacamole. It was perfect in texture and seasoning. 
I sampled the quesadillas (both chicken and vegetarian) and was equally impressed. A little spice in the vegetarian gave it just enough kick for something that could possibly teeter on the border of typical and great. 

I would like to go back again to try their menu, and hopefully be inspired to add a star and update my review.
We have been here for lunch twice. We had the Breakfast nachos, veggie tacos, shrimp quesadilla & veggie burrito between the 2 visits and everything was plentiful, tasty & reasonably priced. The service & atmosphere are both really good as well. Looking forward to our next visit!
The guac was pretty good, could have used more lime or something. Was a little weirded out that the veggie burrito looked more mediterranean than mexican (hummus and feta?!) and the prices were more than I was expecting/prefer. Honestly there is better & cheaper mexican in the area that I might choose over this next time.
Loved this place! The interior was super funky but pretty small so for larger parties I would recommend you reserve a table beforehand. The servers were really nice and gave us a few personal recommendations they had from the menu which was a nice touch.


I got the chicken fajitas and was very very happy with my order! They had a little kick but nothing that would overpower even the most timid of spice-eaters. The cheese lurking at the bottom along with really fresh bell peppers and onion slices were really well done and tasted very fresh. The chicken was also wholesome, I didn't get any Tyson vibes. Overall very funky little place nestled in with industrial car shops and other miscellaneous businesses.
I've been waiting to try Cafe Ynez for a LONG time and it was so worth the wait. Cute little restaurant on Washington that serves a small, but mighty menu. We had the tacos de pescado and tacos de camarones. The tacos were both excellent, but the shrimp stole the show. They were so good we went back for a second order! The horchata was the best I've ever had - and that says a lot. I can't wait to come back!
Came here for a friends birthday and was very disappointed by the seating arrangements, most of us were very uncomfortable and stiff by the end of dinner. We were a large group so we got a prefix menu, 3 course for $30... this coupled with BYOB, makes it an ideal place for a group gathering.

Service was nice, but extremely slow, dinner was 3 hours long.... the food was not amazing but good. Best thing I had was the quesadilla, which was really good. I had the tilapia fish tacos for my entree and it was ok, but would not order again.
By far the best brunch spot in the city without a line or a 30+ minute wait!  Cafe Ynez may be hidden among home improvement stores on Washington Ave, but it is certainly worth seeking out.

After our second visit this morning it's time for a five star review.  The place is very comfortable, the service is warm, and the food comes out quickly.  We absolutely love the pollo enchiladas.  The chicken is super tender, just the right amount of sauce and the fried egg tops it off perfectly.  The breakfast burrito and chips aren't bad either.  They may have the best churros in the city, so don't leave without one of those too.

Go check it out, but don't tell too many people...I don't want to wait in line.
Finally made it here for brunch over the weekend. It's been on my list for a long time and it did not disappoint!  

The breakfast burrito was a work of art. Almost too pretty to eat. It was delicious.  Husband had huevos con chorizo which he enjoyed as well.

Highly recommend.  We want to go back for dinner sometime soon.
Ive eaten here many times over the past year both in restaurant and take out, and its one of our favorite places to eat out for Mexican style food.
Getting a rotiserie chicken is one of our go to meals for us and our family. Feeds about 4-5.
I love that the burritos use lettace instead of rice as filler, so you dont feel as bloated eating one.
The Quesadillas are perfect. Right amount of spicy, cheesey, meat and veggies.
Ive had their fish special and steak entree, and have to say its some of the best food Ive ever eaten. Its definitely not just a taco and burrito place.
This littl' gem is hidden along the industrial buildings along Washington Ave, and easily missed.  I've been here a couple times, mostly for lunch or grabbing a coffee drink.  The food is always great, and the service is laid back and super friendly.  I've had several of their burritos and they were delicious.  Once I had one of the donuts and it wasn't the freshest, but, that's probably because I ordered it late afternoon.

The decor is super prime too....vibrant, kitchy but cool, latin-esque.....just rad.
This place is amazeballs. It's in the middle of nowhere so its a little disconcerting as you're trying to find parking and the outside is relatively non-descript, but as soon as you walk inside, you're in a different world. I usually focus on the food first, but the decor is spot on, and makes you immediately want to spend time there. Its homey and eclectic at the same time. The food - is amazing. Prices are on point and when we asked the server for recommendations, she suggested the molletas, which are basically a Mexican version of the bruschetta. It was so. Good. Better than any Italian one I've had. So basically, this place is a hidden gem, and I'm sad my review is making it less of one.
The tacos here are among the best in Philly. You can get 3 for $7 on Tuesday. The tacos are a great size. The chicken and pork are deliciously seasoned. The place is cozy. The service is great. And the place is byo. A must-try.
We came in for breakfast on a snowy Saturday morning. Due to the weather, we were the only patrons. However, multiple GrubHub drivers came go pick-up orders while we ate, which we took as a good sign for the food's quality. 

We had chiliquiles, huevos rancheros, and guac. Everything we ordered was excellent and the staff were beyond friendly. We really appreciated that our waitress gave us more coffee in to-go cups as we prepared to head back into the cold. 

We were only in Philadelphia for the weekend, so we won't be able to frequent Ynez's, but we highly recommend it!
Wonderful meal, with fresh tasty ingredients! We both got the steak burritos with the salad. Their desserts are really good too.
Was very surprised by this place as my husband and I happen to come across them looking for lunch one day. This spot has a very chic cool vibes to relax. We ordered our food to go and had the steak burritos and chicken quesadillas. I must say the servings are large so be aware and they both tasted good, especially the salad that came with the burrito! They are also opened for brunch on sundays, definitely check this gem out!
I consider myself a Mexican food aficionado. I lived in Arizona for 10 years and I probably eat more Mexican food in a year than most people will in a lifetime. Having just moved to the neighborhood our real estate agent suggested we check out café Ynez. I loved the ambience of the place when I walked in. The staff were extremely friendly and the menu is great. They have something for you adventurous folks and something for the people that won't deviate from the standard quesadilla. Given all that I have to say the food was FANTASTIC. Simply amazing. Guacamole was perfect and the homemade chips are to die for. I had the pork tacos and the sauces that come with it are out of this world. Fresh, delicious ingredients prepared perfectly and well priced. This place is a gem. It's hard to find with only a tiny sign but well worth searching. I can't wait to go back.
Not authentic Mexican food. If you are looking for good Mexican food avoid this place.
I created a Yelp account just so I could write this review - THAT'S how good it was. I'm a believer that the true test of good Mexican food lies in the quality of their fish tacos and Cafe Ynez by far has the best ones I've ever had in this city. 

Added bonuses: it's BYO, complimentary chips and salsa, and easy to get a table on a Saturday night.
I love this place. Too bad I no longer live close enough to visit. A must for my next trip. A great brunch place and surprisingly good for groups despite the size. I would call ahead though to ensure space. Truly a hidden gem. Portions are pretty good as well.
Cafe Ynez is a wonderful spot for delicious, affordable Mexican food. I recently moved to the neighborhood and got Cafe Ynez takeout after a long day of moving. 

My family and friends who had helped me move split the Taco Family Meal which included your choice of protein (they got chicken), a pint of guacamole, a pint of salsa verde, tortilla chips, corn tortillas, pico de gallo, lettuce, lime cotija cheese, mexican rice, and refried beans. I got my own order of the cauliflower tacos which were sooo delicious! I also had some of the chips and guacamole from the family meal - the guacamole was excellent.

A few weeks later, I got takeout for lunch and had the Breakfast Burrito, which is available until 4pm! It has refried beans, mexican rice, guacamole, scrambled eggs, queso fresco, iceberg lettuce, and sour cream in a wheat tortilla. It was a pretty decent size (I ended up saving some for later). It was tasty, though I prefer the cauliflower tacos I had last time (drooling thinking about them) and think I'll stick to those!
