The best Bun Bo Hue in Philadelphia, fo sure.  Why not 5 stars? The absence of key ingredients that typically go with a traditional bowl of Vietnamese Spicy Beef noodle soup removes the 5th star.

Broth: excellent.  Admittedly, they use monosodium glutamate (MSG) but there is an option to reduce the amount used (interesting).  An option for extra spicy was chosen and boy, my throat felt that burning heat (a good thing).

Veggies:  The lack of banana blossoms and purple mints was disappointing since that could really elevate the soup to another level. 

Noodles:  perfectly made, not too soft and just right.

Beef and toppings:  The beef they used came out thinly sliced, which allowed the flavor to be infused into the meat and tenderize it thoroughly.  They do pile on plenty of beef and luscious pieces of tendons, too!  What kills me here was that there were no pork blood cubes.  In addition,  the pork feet, despite the smaller cut, were too tough to chew.

Overall,  a thumbs up for BBH but I would forego the pig's feet and ask for reduced or no MSG.
This review should have been priority #1 for 2014... 
I found this tiny restaurant while looking for a place on Washington Ave to have my usual Friday bowl of pho for breakfast... I parked and started looking over Yelp reviews to help me decide.... Then I read a reliable source for great food, and an entertaining read... John L's review was all I needed to read to walk in and have a seat... I ordered a large bowl of bun bo hue and was brought a cold glass of green tea... Let me tell you, this bowl of spicy noodle soup will instantly turn you into an addict... Kicking your favorite place down to #2, if not to the curb, will be no problem. 
It was a good laugh when Victoria L sent me a message describing the meal as being made with crack!! But after several sips of the broth, I absolutely agreed... I'm not the most skilled person with a pair of chopsticks, but I can manage to get by... Well, my unorthodox way of eating with them wound up having me drop a noodle back into the bowl... It splashed some of that spicy broth into one of my eyes... Burned Like Hell.. If this had happened before I actually gotten a first taste, the meal would have  been over.  I literally thought that I was gonna have to get one of those Sammy Davis eyes implanted... But because of how great the broth tasted, I found a way to find it funny and continue eating. The broth is clear and full of flavor, and the cuts of beef used to cook this meal is top quality meat... I can't say that I've had this type of meat at anyplace else that I've ordered a noodle soup. 
I really do suggest to anyone who is a fan of pho or bun Bo hue to give this place a try.... You deserve to enjoy what's served here.
Café Diem on South 8th Street, just north of Washington, may as well be located in Hue, the former royal capital of Vietnam.  Its version of Bun Bo would certainly satisfy the tastebuds of the Emperor and his retinue.  

I admit to limited exposure to this Rice Vermicelli Beef Noodle Soup, but now that I have had it a couple of times, how will I ever go back to regular noodle soup?  It is so vastly superior to American slurp, that it is something of a cultural misnomer to label it "soup" at all.  It is much, much better.  

The Café is a small 8 table house that closes at 7 pm daily.  My first attempt to enter was time barred because I arrived too late.  This time I planned around closing, and arrived at 6:30 to an almost empty room.  As I was solo, the hostess pointed to a deuce in the corner, which was perfect for a full view of the proceedings.  I ordered the small bowl of BBH and a Salty Lemonade to offset the 102F broil on the street.  That was gone in a flash.  The soup arrived two minutes later, so overfull with Thin Sliced Beef, Rice Noodles, Cilantro, Mint and a chunk of Oxtail, that it was difficult to add the fresh Thai Basil, Coriander, Sprouts and Squeeze of Lime.  I snapped off the smaller leaves, a handful of sprouts, and a full lime wedge, and managed to push everything into the hot broth with spoon and chopsticks. I think there was even a Banana Blossom on the plate that I tossed in.  With the room created on the side plate, I extruded copious amounts of Hoisin and Sriracha for dipping the beef.  

The final product was about the best "soup" I had ever eaten.  Its Lemongrass base was dominant and strident.  The undertone of Fermented Shrimp Sauce added a sour note to the spiciness that really played well together.  Although I asked for "mild," that only applied to how much Hot Chili Oil they put in at the end, because the other condiments were already in the pot.  Finally, as I slowed down and reached the bottom of the bowl, the hint of sweetness came through.  Definitely a spoonful of sugar to make this medicine go down.  

This was a great liquid celebration.  It cleared my sinuses and had me envisioning exotic nights in Hoi An and Da Nang. 

I love Pho, but a well crafted Bun Bo is superior to that due to the many more ingredients, and the interplay of the four spice groups.  It is easy to see why this was the sup of the royals.
The infamous Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef noodle soup) was extremely flavorful and generously portioned with savory slices of fresh beef. 

Why I loved it? 
- broth tasted pleasantly natural, with no suspicion of MSG (oh, this matters alright if you're a health nut like myself)
- loved the freshness and abundant thick slices of beef used vs thin frozen slices at other restaurants (gosh, who doesn't love quality meat?) 

**One catch!
I would caution, don't come expecting the standard pho you normally get: 
- no thin rice noodles, but rather they use a thicker, chewier, udon like noodle 
- the spicy taste doesn't come blended into the broth, but they use a handful of red pepper flakes which float at the top of the soup 
I wasn't a fan of this method because my friend and I choked when we slurped the noodles up. Not to mention a red pepper flake ended up being stuck between her teeth... So watch out if you're on a date here! ;)
I can't sing enough praises for this amazingly ran mom now pop shop whose rep hails from Philly and is known even among nyc Viet food lovers. 

Bun bo hue had so much sweet broth and meaty flavor. I asked for the spiciest version that provided the perfect kick in the back of the throat seconds later. They didn't do anything special but provide pig feet, meat, round noodles and an awesome broth. We opted for the small but looking around, it was the number one seller seemingly the only thing people came for small and large.

We also got their banh cuon with nam and shallots which I thoroughly and singularly packed away. They liked it enough but were just so enamored with their soup. I couldn't stop eating both to be honest. 

Oh, service is also really good. Something short of amazing in a teeny establishment that boasts a full house with minute to minute turnstile lineups at the door.
Bun Bo Hue.  Say it with me now, bun bo hue.  

It's good but wasn't quite as spicy as expected.  Service was sold and portions were fair, but the price seemed slightly high.  Enjoy with good company, just remember it is cash only.
Cafe Diem is known for their infamously spicy noodle soup or in vietnamese, Bun Bo Hue. If you particularly ask any Viet person where to go just for this specialty in Philadelphia, 9/10 they will most likely say Cafe Diem. I'm not going to lie, my family and friends as well as myself "used" to be regulars here.

Since I've seek a new profound spot that makes it way better than Diem, I pretty much avoided this place. After a year or so, I decided to make a come back visit to see if it was still worth the 4 stars. Sadly, no. This place is over rated. 

Upon receiving my bowl, I see clear broth with a great amount of hot chili oil. The choice selections of meat were good, but the soup contained no flavor. It was like slurping hot water with a kick of thai chili peppers. I'm all about taste and this my friends was just bland. Quite disappointed that I should have sticked to what I know. Head on over to Cafe Nhan instead and thank me later. You'll notice a major difference!
Newly renovated, and better than ever. It is modern, clean, friendly, and more open than before. But it is still the same price, taste, spicy, and magnificent bowl of Bun Bo Hue. 

I share the same sentiments as many veterans/survivors of Cafe Diem, and that is we wish we never wrote a review on the place now its becoming such a hot spot! I really need to talk to the owner about expanding or putting another branch somewhere larger and closer to my house... Like next door?

P.S.
If anyone works for the liquor control board, you should slip their name in as the approved category for a liquor license.... Some 333/Saigon/Tiger would make me rent the room upstairs for life...
Heard so much about their bun bo hue so I had to try. 

Street parking only which is very hard to find. Might need to walk a block or two but this place is definitely worth trying. The restaurant is not that big since its a small mom and pop store. 

They don't have a lot on the menu but this is why their food is delicious because they put their time on making the broth which is on point. I got the bun bo hue less spicy since I'm a chicken to heat. My fiancé got their pho. The service was fast , My food was delicious with lots of meat, soup was spicy even if I told  them not to make it too spicy so be mindful of their level of heat. 

Overall their soup was very good. Something worth going back too.
This place makes some diem good soup noodles. Though I should warn you - Definitely do not come here if you hate delicious broth, bountiful meat, and delightfully slurpable noodles. Definitely not.

Café Diem specializes in bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup), and they sure do it justice. Let's be clear, bun bo hue is NOT "spicy pho", so don't come in expecting such. The two differ in noodle type (round vermicelli vs. clear rice noodles), meats (beef and pork vs. just beef cuts), and spices (lemongrass vs. cinnamon and cloves), amongst other things.

The bun bo hue packs in a lot of flavor and they do not skimp on the meat - though, be prepared if pig feet is not your thing. As delicious as it is, the broth could stand to be spicier, and I actually prefer some more grated lemongrass for texture, but that's just me. Ambiance and customer service isn't really a thing here (which is just the way I like my tasty Asian joints!). Bring cash, and be aware that they close really early.

Best bun bo hue around. Come here to impress your Vietnamese friends, or when you're jonesing for some spice in your soup!
I met my Vietnamese wife 8 years ago, and it took her 3 years to take me to this place... I will never forgive her for showing me this unique void in my world that existed for 3 years.

Could I describe their Bun Bo Hue? No, I can give you a verse from a rap though:
I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine
Eat her til she cry, call that "wine and dine"
Sexiness personified. 

Last verse was mine, but its equivalent to sex if you're a noodle-head and spice-fiend. Now... bring me to that Vietnam sun.
I sort of don't understand the hype around this soup. It's a big bowl of noodle soup with some veggies. The broth I found to be a bit watery and lacking depth. The meats were cooked decently (maybe a bit overexcited).  I found the tendon to be unappealing to my palate but my lack of experience with tendon explains that and it is not reflected in my score of 3/5. The noodles were well executed though fairly sparse and lacking a substantial chew.

I think my experience could be summed up by the fact that I don't love this type of soup. If you do, you may enjoy this. But I don't think it's an objective masterpiece of culinary bliss in a bowl.
So I'm Viet and moved here from Los Angeles so my standards might be a bit high.    We came on a weekend and although restaurant is small had no trouble getting a seat right away.

Ambiance: clean, small bathroom.
Service: fast and understood more English than I expected for a mom/pop place

Food
- Bun Bo Hue:  This is the south viet's answer to pho.  It's suppose to be a heavenly mix of different cuts of beef and pork.  The broth is suppose to be deep brown and with tangy/spicy lemongrass flavor.   Here portion size is large and the dish is decent/acceptable however it tastes more like a bastardized Pho version.  The broth is not that deep.  It's spicy but devoid of lemongrass tang.

Overall we had a good time and enjoyed our meal.  However this isn't what I consider traditional Bun Bo Hue.  I like it at Cafe Saigon in North East philly much better but that's just my 2 cents.
tl;dr this no-frills  eatery has you set for bun bo hue and other Vietnamese comfort food delights

While most folks are familiar with pho, have you tried bun bo hue? Literally translating to "Hue beef noodle soup," this dish is the cousin of pho but bears a few notable differences. Firstly, bun bo hue operates with a pork-based broth, unlike pho which is typically chicken or beef stock. In addition, Bun bo hue broth is typically spicier and heartier, flavored by chili oil, lemongrass, shrimp paste, and annatto, and classically topped with braised beef, Vietnamese ham, and tendon. Lastly, bun bo hue utilizes thick vermicelli noodles, as opposed to flat noodles (i.e., the literal translation of "pho"). Now that you're well-versed in your Vietnamese soup game, let's get to the review: Philly's premier bun bo hue kitchen, Cafe Diem.

A gaudy sign alerts you to the restaurant, which otherwise looks like a normal rowhome from the street view. Once within, the flavorful aromas starkly contrast the frill-less decor: cool-toned lighting fixtures, faux marble tabletops, fake plants, and grout-less stone tile walls all scream "hole-in-the-wall" more than "dining destination." The narrow dining room stretched back surprisingly far and is crammed with tables, each more likely than not taken by locals.

On a chilly spring day, my partner and I trekked through the drizzle over to Cafe Diem. We were greeted with a pot of tea as we browsed the menus. We started with a Vietnamese Iced Coffee, then opted for the Bun Bo Hue and the Banh Cuon (crepe-like rice sheet rolls). The coffee was espresso-strong, with the characteristic sweetness of condensed milk. Our enormous bowl of soup, heavy on the meat, should be filed under the definition of "comfort food." All the intricacies of pho were compounded with the moderate spice and all-around heartiness characteristic of bun bo hue, generating the perfect cold-weather food. And don't let the tendon deter you --  slow cooking in the broth leaves the rich tendon slices very nearly melting in your mouth. Meanwhile, the banh cuon, a dish that lies somewhere between dumplings and spring rolls, proved an ideal pairing. Filled with meat slices and topped with rich and salty Vietnamese ham slices and served with a sweet and sour dipping sauce, each roll provided a similar, yet complementary, array of flavors to the soup.

Service was quick and courteous without being overbearing. Of note, cash only, and closes somewhat early (6:30pm) each day!

At ~$30 total for our meal, Cafe Diem proved to be a rip-roaring deal. Although somewhat of a hike, I will be back here when a hankering for solid soup kicks in.
This place has authentic food. Spicy, flavorful and priced right. I order the small bowl and get full every time! Minus 1 star for service. Turn north on passyunk, from Oregon and park in the huge FREE lot on the left.
Come one, come all, to the best Bun Bo Hue on earth!! 
This place is secluded, not the easiest to get to, and definitely away from the hustle and bustle of Chinatown, but it's worth it, I promise! Make sure you get the combo with pate, tendon and pork feet. It's perfection. The broth is incredibly mild, but also so flavorful. I've had BBH many times, but never had it like this. Their drinks are also great, and you could easily stuff yourself to the gullet while only paying a very small bill. I think this place is absolutely worth the trip of the beaten path, and would highly recommend to Viet food lovers out there! 
A little tip- they do stop selling BBH when they run out for the day to eliminate food waste, so I would recommend getting here a bit early if you can to avoid missing out.
Hands down...BEST BUN BO HUE I ever had in my life. I always really liked bun bo hue growing up and being in NY for the past few years, I really miss good quality viet food. I walked into it during my road trip and ordered a bowl. Phenomenal! It was spicy and rich and delicious! My non-Viet friends who accompanied me tried my soup and loved it, too! It's very hard to get viet soups on point so that it's liked by both Viet and non-Viets in my opinion. On our return trip to NY, we stopped by again and got ourselves another bowl each. I also got one for to-go. Yeah, it's that good.

Warning, the ladies room is SUPER TINY. It's really made for petite people.
I don't even like my own mother's bun bo hue, but Cafe Diem will convert the most stout bun-bo-hue-haters and vegetarians. The hearty thick noodles, richly flavored soup, and zesty greens together create a classic and special Vietnamese favorite. The hot spicy broth could bring zombies back to life. Although, I draw the line at  pork feet, which happily go to my brother's quickly emptied bowl.
Two words: hidden gem

Being a proud South Philadelphian, I know of all the Vietnamese treasures. I can tell when someone is a real food lover if they know of Cafe Diem's BBH. 

Go on a cold winter day and have the amazing spicy noodle soup with an order of the refreshing coconut juice... Remember to wear clothes you don't care much about because the broth will splash and stain!
This is definitely a local whole in the wall, so I had high hopes. There was a lot of family members around. The waitress walked over and asked what we wanted, we asked to see a menu, which came hand written (not even xeroxed - someone worked a lot!).

We had the bun bo hue ($8.50) and hu tieu ($7.50) - someone else wrote the bbh was 5.50. Basically everything on the menu except the bbh was $7.50, which is a little higher than most places nearby.

The waitress asked in Vietnamese if I could handle all the meat in the bun bo hue, including the cubes of coagulated blood. The answer was yes as I love blood cubes.

Anyway, when the bbh came out there was no blood. I was disappointed and thought maybe she didn't think I could handle it. The rest of the meat was fine, though the tail was a bit tough. The bbh broth was very clear - I'm used to it being red and spicy. It was flavorful but weak. I'm also used to bbh coming with a copious garnish of lime, bean sprouts, shredded cabbage, and shredded banana flower. This came with lime, bean sprouts, basil, and chili, which to me is more of a pho garnish.

The hu tieu came with pho noodles (rather than wide noodles or egg noodles, which are preferable for this) and the broth had too much fish sauce. It did, however, have a lot of shrimp (I think 7 pieces).

Our soups came in glass bowls (smaller than pho bowls) filled right to the brim. I didn't know if this was supposed to be aesthetically pleasing, but I prefer the pho bowls and a little space so I can add my garnish and mix it up.

I had a bit of an msg attack, which means they used too much. They were, however, gracious in that they brought a pot of iced tea since we chatted for a bit after finishing. That was better service than most Vietnamese places where you'd sit there undisturbed.

There was a couple leaving when we got there, a couple that ate and left while we were there, and a couple that came in when we were almost done. An elderly couple, they both ordered the bbh.  The man added a lot more fish sauce to his broth. I watched them carefully, to see if there were any blood cubes in their bbh. But there was none, so I guess they were out and I wasn't being slighted. 

Overall, the bbh was ok, the ht a bit lacking. I more likely to go to Nam Phuong instead.
Cafe Diem is known for their infamously spicy noodle soup or in vietnamese, Bun Bo Hue. My family and I are pretty much regulars here just for that specialty. It's a little dine in spot tucked in between businesses on 8th and Washington. The place is small and seating is limited so be prepared to wait when its busy.

It comes in two serving sizes, small or large. I always get the small and seem to find it very well generously portioned because I tend to never finish my bowl. Also asked for mild and it's spicy as is and I don't need to make any adjustments. As well as fresh condiments on the side to add.
the bun bo hue here is NOOOO joke!! delicious! but also authentically SPICY!! thank goodness i ordered a mild! and that was still spicy! ...edible spicy... on the other hand, my poor bf wanted the full experience and he was sweating like a fountain! he really underestimated the level of spiciness here.  all the other diners seem fine.  so i guess we were the weakest links here... 

most of the things on the menu were $8.  they also offer regular pho and rice dishes.  unfortunately, we did not see the deep fried spring rolls which i was craving at the time.. but no biggie, every other viet joint has it but this one specializes in the bun bo hue which is even more awesome :]
I thought I had found my favorite bun bo hue (BBH) on Oregon Ave. I was wrong! Cafe Diem make the best BBH in the city, hands down. What makes it so good is broth, noodles, meat, and chili peppers. Many Vietnamese restaurants excel in one of those areas, but Cafe Diem's version of the dish outshines all of them. 

Any time you need a good, hot, and spicy bowl of beef noodle soup, head to Cafe Diem. It's great for the winter and right next to a free parking lot!
spicy beef noodle is all I need to say! Just order it! Choose your level of spiciness tho because a little spicy is still very spicy in my opinion! I can't tolerate too much spiciness but mild is good enough! It's a huge portion bowl of noodle and meat combined! I eat this during the summer time and I'm sweating inside but in all good way!!! Eat it during the winter time and it will warm you up for quite some time! The noodle might seem somewhat oily, but it's what makes it taste so good with the combination of meat, noodle and different spices inside one bowl!! Hint: drink more cold tea hat they provide or water!!
Bun bo hué.... I don't always eat it but when I do, I make sure it's from cafe diem. What they say is all true, this is definitely the best in Philly. It's spicy but not overwhelming. 8 dollars for a meat packed bowl of fantastic noodles. Add just 2 dollars to it and you can get a large !!

Interior is decent and seems renovated and clean. Better than your average Vietnamese restaurant. Seats about 30 ppl. Great service from a small and friendly staff!
This is the first time I've ever had bon bo hue, so I have nothing to compare it to. But it was amazing! I have decided to return again and again and again.

It's really a hole in the wall kind of place, so better not to take more than 4 people at the max. We sat down, and my friend ordered for me when the waitress approached us. I think they don't offer a menu, because this place is pretty much known for just its bun bo hue.

The food came out relatively quickly and I was surprised that there was a giant piece of pork hoc. I think next time, I could do without it. Also, if you're not a fan of tendon, you should ask to have that removed as well. The rest of the meat was unbelievably tender, and the broth had a great balance of sweet and savory and spicy. I think if you're not used to a great level of heat (i.e. can't eat kimchi), ask for it to be less spicy. The entire dish was filling, warming, and delicious.

This place is cash only, so make sure to bring bills!
I ordered the bun bo hue here, and it was delicious with generous portions! The broth was perfectly spicy (you can order it sans spice, although the menu warns that the broth will still be a little spicy), and the serving of meat (a mix of pork feet, beef slices and chunks) was really generous. I ordered the small portion ($10) and I was really full by the time I finished the bowl.

Place is no-frills but gets the job done - not a ton of seating so can see it may get crowded, but there was ample space when I went on a weekday afternoon.
Yum yum yum yum yum! 

Funny how different places can have such totally different versions of bun bo hué . I have two other favorite bbh joints which do it totally different and all are great. 

This one is light and delicious. A little thinner while still wonderfully spiced. Great meat, thin and properly cooked tendon. Great noodles. Perfect herbs that compliment. 

This was One of the originals, the first bbh i had many years ago...and after experiencing the entire spectrum of Viet and Cambodian offerings in Phila this one never disappoints! 

Get some and eat it!
Very good bun bo hue! If you're craving this, this is the place for you. Look no further! It was really spicy though and I honestly have no idea if this was the spicy or non spicy version. All I know is that it took a long time for me to finish. We came RIGHT before the lunch rush on a Saturday and were seated very quickly. When we left the place was packed and there were a few groups waiting outside. The turnover is quick though so I suspect waiting isn't very long. A must try for Vietnamese food addicts!
Hands down the best bun bo hue in the tri-state area. It's spicy with lots of thinly sliced beef. Warning: you shouldn't venture to Cafe Diem expecting good service, fancy decor, romantic atmosphere, ect. Oh yeah don't be surprised when the waitress comes to your table without menus. Almost everyone goes to Cafe Diem for bun bo hue only!
Best Bon Bo Hue EVER. I'm from NYC and overtime I come to philly i have to hit this spot for a meal AND bring 3 orders home to feed me for a few days. Its so good. Their soup is flavorful and got me licking the bowl after! (not really... BUT ACTUALLY THOUGH). 
Its a tiny spot thats a little funky cause they play Viet pop music and have disco lights on the ceiling. Their bathrooms are so small i had to sit sideways. BUT its ok cause their BBH is off the CHAIN.
This is the best place to get Bun Bo Hue.  It is on the top of my list when I think of "best of" places.  I've had BBH at many other establishments but then they always make me crave the BBH from Cafe Diem at the end of the day. 

The first time I came here I was excited because it's hole-in-the-wall and I wouldn't have found this without local Vietnamese people showing me this place.  They've only got about 5 tables in here and a very limited menu.  I always get the BBH.  And I always get the Large portion.

The price is cheap and the portions are very generous.  They will make it spicy like it should be and you get a great amount of meats and noodles. They'll use the pork foot which lets you know it's legit.  I don't know how else to describe it but the broth is excellent, the noodles and meat are great.  

This is delicious specifically for BBH.  Gotta find street parking or in the crowded public lot, but it's well worth it.  I always eat here when I'm in Philly and craving BBH.  Nowhere else has been able to match this taste.
I work in a food supermarket in south Philly, and their owner comes to the market everyday to get the freshest meat and other food materials. I went to check out his restaurant today and I have to say their BBHs are definitely to die for! I wish they do delivery because I live so far away from it...
This is the real deal. I walk in and hear Vietnamese 80s dance music playing at a moderate sound level. I get the universal signal of sit wherever you'd like and I took a seat in the front. The waitress comes over with no menus, only her pad. I try my hardest to order in Vietnamese their special Bun Bo Hue but the questions about if I wanted everything started to get tricky. For some reason she switched to Mandarin which I am equally as bad at speaking. I tried switching to English with no avail. After an exchange of half broken Vietnamese and Mandarin, my order was ready to go, Bun Bo Hue the small size with everything, make it spicy... To drink, complementary iced green tea. I think. 

You get a plate of basil and another herb Vietnamese coriander that I normally don't see but appropriate for Bun Bo Hue, with bean sprouts and a lime. So far so good. They brought out a glass bowl of an almost perfect Bun Bo Hue, loaded with different cuts of pork and beef including a ridiculously tender slice of pig's feet, cha lua (pork roll ham), soft beef tendon, and thin sliced beef brisket. The only thing missing are some pork blood cubes that would've made it slightly more authentic. The broth was extremely flavorful with fresh chilis adding to the right amount of heat and onions. You need to pull all the herbs from the stem and fold them into the broth. Also break up a handful of bean sprouts to add in for crunch. Then with a squeeze of lime; that's the proper way to eat it and it's so good. 

Even though the language exchange was a little silly, the food speaks for itself and the people are very nice and accommodating. Definitely have to return.
I am Korean and the extent of my knowledge of Vietnamese food was pho. But then I discovered bun bo hue...this dish was amazing!!! A little oily but it balances perfectly with a spicy kick. It's perfect on a cold winter day!
Great place.  Only get bo bun hue.  Spicy and bad for you.  Even if you don't get it spicy, it's still a little bit spicy.  Note: I tend to prefer holes in the wall for my food.  For those who understand Cantonese, that would be tai pai dong, and cha chan tang.
Cafe Diem is a small cozy place serving some of the best Bun Bo Hue that I have tried, outside of my mom's brilliant home-cooking. Even the small bowls are big and generous amounts of meat. The brisket were thinly sliced, amazing. The tendon consistency was on point, not too stretchy and no too gooey. The pigs feet, at least this time around, could have benefited from some more time simmering to soften them up a bit. They are usually really good and falls apart in your mouth. 

No complaints here really. The broth really makes a good Bun Bo Hue and they got it right. Although I suspect some MSG from the lighter coloration of broth, they managed to make it tasty with a heap amount of heat from the crushed peppers. Another small place serving great foods. I always return for the cheap prices as well ($7.50 for a small with all).
Bun Bo Hue Guru!!!

I came here on Friday 11/15/13 and I was under the weather. My hair stylist suggested that I place an order of Bun Bo Hue to go. I did exactly just that and I'm not saying that it has healing powers but it was exactly what I needed. The broth was so delicious and the noodles was so different from pho noodles. 

The spice was the perfect doze of what I needed to clear my sinus. I cannot wait to come back and actually eat inside and explore the menu. I look forward to revisiting here and I have a feeling that this will be my new favorite Vietnamese spot in the city.
Cash only. Please come here for the Bun bo Hue. The broth is so delicious and has such a good amount of spice. You can definitely tell that they spend hours making the beef bone stock for it. It's literally the first item on their menu too.

I also tried their pho. There's just places that do it better. Their broth is greasy and tastes too sweet. I also get the impression too that there is too much star anise maybe because it has a bitter after taste. The meatballs are solid though, but I think they are supermarket and not house made. Right up the street is Pho 75. If you're craving pho, I haven't found a place that does it better than there. However, I think this is our BBH spot.
The service here is like going to a hole in the wall spot so don't expect 5 star service.  They're fast and give you what you order.   Everything on their menu is amazing... true Viet food and try the bun bo hue! So yummmyyyyy! Ahhh I love it here!
Definitely best bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup) in all of Philly! 

This is one of my all-time favorite vietnamese meals ever so I'm super super picky about my BBH. Their soup here is scorching hot without being too oily or sweet which the other BBH in Philly tends to be. The portion is really generous, too. I normally can finish a large bowl but a small is just fine for me here. It definitely brings me back to home where BBH is cooked by my mom sometimes once a week and reminds me of sitting on those tiny stools on the streets of VN eating this for breakfast. Don't forget to add the basil and herbs (leave out the stems)-- it's a must for BBH! Though I admit I still pick out my onions sometimes.

I love that they open early and can accommodate all party sizes. You'll see people eating alone or even groups of 7+ like we did after our 5k color run. Been here twice now and each time was a great experience. We almost wanted to come back for dinner.. that's just me though I can eat noodle soup 24/7 :)

Only negatives are that it can be MSG/sodium heavy overall leaving you thirsty and a little lethargic after. A place back home in California somehow has the perfect recipe to prevent this (An Nam).

Cash only and they have a small assortment of icy drinks to cool down your palette (awesome iced coffee, rau ma: yum, super fresh, coconut juce: way too sweet) if iced water/tea isn't enough.

I love my hole in the wall's and this place is definitely on the cleaner and better service side of your typical hole in the wall establishments. Love it!
I could get on a bus from NYC to Philadelphia, spend the entire two hours rotting away and hating on screaming babies -- JUST for a bowl of Bun Bo Hue here at Cafe Diem. It's certainly not the best I've ever had lol, but definitely the best option I have now, which is much much better than what I would expect, considering this is a very distinct and traditional dish from Central Vietnam. My boyfriend and I love it here. We tried to come here every weekend during the winter.

The amount of meat in a bowl of bbh is just too much, and all too good. The broth is a little inconsistent sometimes, but the clear broth proves justice (it would be brown and cloudy if a lot of flavored seasonings were used) it's always been good overall. Good customer service (prob because I know one of the girls who works here so they give me even more meat lol)!!

Hands down the most authentic Bun Bo Hue in the States I've tried so far.
Possibly the best bun bo hue I've had. Perfect amount of spice, full of tender, thinly sliced beef, perfect broth. The ratio of beef to noodles to broth was spot on. 

We also ordered two Vietnamese coffees that were delicious. All in all a perfect visit - good food and service.
Have you ever been to a restaurant that serves you HOME-COOKED food? Mind blown, literally tasted as if I was home again eating my mom's cooking. It was fantastic, and authentic. I'm Vietnamese, and I honestly don't mean to be picky when I go out to Vietnamese restaurants. I'm always saying to myself "man this isn't nearly as good as my mom"s. Well this place comes pretty close! 

The place is tiny and intimate, we got lucky coming in with a group of 7 and they seated us immediately. Food came out so fast and the bowls come out in decent portions. All my friends ordered the Bun Bo Hue, I was however too scared since I have not perfected my spicy tolerance. I settled for the Banh Canh Tom Thit which was amazing and hit the spot. Broth is flavorful, not too overpowering and not too bland (which is what I find often with other places, either or). I did get to try a bit of the BBH and man it had such a KICK. It was incredibly spicy and great for people who do enjoy eating spicy food, unfortunately not me since I'm a wimp. I did get to try the meat and it was so tender and juicy. They give you so much and it's a perfect noodle to meat to soup ratio. They give you a plate full of veggies and garnishes so you can decorate how you like. Overall the service was great, they were kind. Don't forget this place is CASH ONLY! Be sure to hit the ATM before coming in.

PS Fair Warning - their entire playlist consists of only Vietnamese EDM
After trying to avoid a protest, sitting on traffic for a while and trying to find parking... we finally made it to Cafe Diem. Was it worth it? DEFINITELY! 

The restaurant is actually super small and there are only a couple of tables. We got sits quickly as we went on a Monday for lunch. It actually had disco music playing as well as the laser lights that are usually used for Christmas. We ordered the famous bun bo hue (regular and special). I absolutely love it!! It was $9 for a regular small and $12 for a special large. The broth had a weird taste but I liked it. It came with noodles (the udon type and not the vermicelli) and a generous amount of meat. 

Overall, I would definitely recommend this place for bun bo hue! It was delicious!!
I came here through a friend's recommendation and it was my first time trying bun bo hue. The noodle soup was very good. I love the pig feet, tendon, and ham. Perfect combination.  I didn't get the spicy version but I do think it will taste better than the regular version. 

I also ordered the banh cuon which is seemed flour with meat and ham. Yum yum with the fish sauce. I also ordered the chicken noodle soup. The broth is very flavorful. 

The service was quick and the food came out fast. I also love the tea drink they give. I have to say the food tasted better a few years back than recently but I still will come back as they do make the best bun bo hue.
Easily my #1 to-go place for Bun Bo Hue!

This hole-in-the-wall restaurant is located in South Philly. It's not in any of the Asian plazas, but it's tucked away on a small street, on 8th & Washington. BBH is a must-try here. Forget about the pho, banh cuon, & all that jazz. TRY THE BUN BO HUE. If you don't like it, give it another chance. You won't be disappointed. It is spicy, but you can inform the person taking your order to reduce the spice or request it to not be spicy if you can't handle the spice. Wow, that's a mouthful of spice. XD

The broth & noodles are proportional, unlike some places that either give you too much broth & not enough noodles, or vice versa. You can also request to have thinner noodles if you're not a fan of the thick noodles that usually come with BBH. I usually order the BBH Dac Biet, which comes with everything. The broth is very rich in flavor & the meats..., boy do they give you plenty! It's tender & cooked just right. It tastes just like Papa Phan's homemade BBH if not better. 

I usually go on the weekdays because it's not as busy. If you go on the weekends, expect to wait around 15-30 mins. It's not ideal for parties over 4, since there are only about 8 tables or so, that only seat 2-4 per table. It's cash only, so remember to bring cash.
This bowl of bun bo hue seriously blew my friggin mind. Parking sucks, the place is small, they literally have no options but its still amazing food. 

You can choose between a small bowl or a "large" bowl and you can get it less spicy if you are a weakling. Don't be a weakling.  

Prices are a little high but worth it. They're cash only if I remember correctly.
My Viet friends recommended me to try this place when I made a visit to Philly. I loveeeee me a good Bun Bo Hue and knew I had to make a stop here. The area looked a little rough and we found parking around the corner. It's a very small mom and pop shop so it's best to go in small groups. They are a cash only restaurant!! 

We ordered 3 BBH, 1 Banh Cuon & 3 Viet coffee. Came out to around $50
I've never had Banh Cuon- Vietnamese steamed rolls but it was good for such a simple dish put together. The Viet coffee was super strong so I added some more ice to it so I won't look like  all day haha. The BBH was very flavorful!! I would make the trip back just for this BBH. The downside about this restaurant is that they do close early so make sure you come here around lunch or early afternoon!
Best bun bo hue I've ever tasted in my life!
it's a cute little cafe that plays vietnamese pop music --dont feel surprise if you think you're in a club of some sorts. Cafe Diem serves delicious bun bo hue (a spicy beef noodle soup with chili peppers, lemon grass and ham hock). Bun bo hue is the soup for my soul and has way more pizazz than it's sister soup, pho. 

my bowl came out after 5 minutes. It was in my first sip that I realized that i had made a mistake when i ordered earlier and said with utmost conviction "CAY!" (which means SPICY in Vietnamese). This conviction waived real fast.  I started coughing uncontrollably and realized that i'm a damn fool for always being overly confident in my ability to eat spicy foods. 

the lesson: if you're spice-intolerant, perhaps order mild? 

overall, it's probably the place to get bun bo hue in Philly! If you're from LA or Houston-- lower your expectations, it's good but remember the Viet community isn't as bustling over here in the PA.
The bbh is solid but I still prefer cafe nhan, maybe because I got takeout and by the time I got home it wasn't so fresh anymore.
The best and most distinct bun bo hue broth I've had. To get to this magical spot, you'll be in the Washington ave area in south philly, and I will almost guarantee you will walk past the restaurant. It'll be a very small shop and you'll never have noticed this place existed until you purposefully found it through yelp or word of mouth. Back to the broth, I can't get enough of that sweet, spicy and saltiness. Spicy enough where you'll sweat but won't need a gallon of water to drown out the numbness, which I think is a great blend of spicy and hot. Broth is what makes this place stand out because you can taste the flavors from the bones. You can visibly see the peppers, so for all my spicy heads out there, you're in for a nice treat. The banh cuon comes out in a hefty size, great for sharing. Come earlier for it because most of the times if you're too late, they run out of it. As I always say at the end if I like it: RECOMMEND!
Our reason for visiting Café Diem in early November 2018 was a quick scan of Yelp which showed that the restaurant was nearby to our location and was rated four-and-a-half stars, with 203 reviews. While our party was satisfied with the food, the restaurant's regards seemed to us influenced by excessive MSG, as other points of execution seemed somewhat mediocre. We left the restaurant feeling thirsty (even though most of us ordered soup), and one person in our party who is sensitive to MSG experienced a numb tongue shortly after our visit.

Dishes We Had:
- Hu Tieu Nuoc: Menu #8 Soup, Large. Flavorful soup, large portions of meat and noodles. However, the meat cuts were slightly tougher than expected and very fatty.

- Mi Ga Tuoi: Menu #11 Small. Flavorful soup, but chicken pieces varied from undercooked to overcooked. The soup could have included more noodles.

- Bun Bo Hue Loai Thuong: Menu #1, First option, Large. This dish left the person who ordered it sweating and tearing profusely, but he enjoyed the soup.

Food: Good (3 of 5). 

Service: Good (3 of 5).

Atmosphere: Good (3 of 5). Tight seating, very small bathrooms.

Value: Good (3 of 5).
Didn't think I was going to find good BBH in Philly. Thank you Cafe Diem for changing my mind. I love u. 

BBH is one of my favorite dishes and it tastes like home. Perfect for the cold winter days! The restaurant is SMALL. They will seat 3 people in a tiny table and squish them together. Which is hilarious and I love it bc it's such a Vietnamese thing to do. Also cash only (duh). 

Broth is greeeeaaat. Non-spicy broth is a little bit spicy. You can get the spice on the side and add to your liking. I think they add satay to make it extra spicy. The small bowls are pretty small. I ordered a large and ended up bringing my leftovers home. They still tasted good! Granted it's a little bit expensive (I'm used to paying $5-8 for BBH in socal), but probably the best you can find in the area. Worth. 

Vietnamese iced coffee is strong and bitter. Yum. 

Banh cuon is mediocre at best. But satisfies my cravings, so I'm a v happy customer. :)
Cafe Diem is a small Vietnamese restaurant off of Washington Avenue, near the Italian Market. Stopped in with a few folks and ordered the bun bo hue (inexpensive, at $5.50). That's good eating!
THIS PLACE - is outstanding. It's small, busy and the soups are awesome. I have never been to a place with so much "stuff" in the soups. It's not just toppings, it's innards with innards and feet and all sorts of stuffs. It's great. Great great great.
Hands down Cafe Diem is my favorite spot in Philly to get a hot bowl of bun bo hue. Even on a hot summer day, ill eat bun bo hue from here. My girlfriend and her husband brought me here for the first time last year, and I've been back about a dozen times. 

This place is definitely a hole in the wall. I'm warning you now. It is very small, but the food comes out instantly and it is amazing! We've brought little kids here as well, and they are very accommodating. 

I love this place!
Drove all the way here from New York just for their Bo Bun Hue. Compared to all the places I've tried in New York. Bo Bun Hue from this place is the BEST! 
Their Banh Cuon is very yummy also. You can taste the filling inside, and it's not dry.

Definitely will be back for their Bun Bo Hue!
Bun Bo Hue. Bun Bo Hue. Bun Bo Hue.

Not the best ever... but the best i've found outside of my momma's kitchen.
I stumbled upon Cafe Diem 4 years ago when I was shopping at the Italian Market and saw people waiting outside this joint to get serve. This small restaurant  turns our to have the best  Vietnamese food I've ever had! I've lived and dined in  San Jose CA, Houston, TX and New York, and none of the Vietnamese restaurants in these states can compare to the quality of ingredients that Cafe Diem puts into their food.   If you're looking to experience authentic, home made Vietnamese food; you've got to stop by. They close really early, at 6pm! Everything from the Bun Bo Hue (Spicy Beef soup), Pho,  Com Soung (Rice with Pork Chops) is absolutely delicious.  There's only one Con: The waitress doesn't speak English very well, but there are always patrons present, and willing to help.
Today was my first real bun bo hue experience, and I really enjoyed it!

I got the supreme ($1 more than the regular), and the small size ($1 less than the large), so $10 for the bowl. It came with so much meat that I couldn't even finish it! beef, tendon, pork knuckle, ham, yum! Everything was extremely tender.

I really loved the chili sauce in the soup. I asked for mild, and it was perfect. You can also ask for more on the side. It's not chili flakes, so it adds some very fresh flavor!

One plus is that the price on the menu includes tax already. The downside to this place is that it doesn't accept card :(.
The house soup really is quite delicious and spicy. Weird electro pop soundtrack and neon under the counter. I was the only american gal in the place; it was funny to see practically everyone around me study my face when I started eating to see if I could handle the spice. Little do they know I LIVE FOR PAIN and didn't even cough once unlike some of the regulars! Walked out with a chest full of fire, I drank all the broth. Staff doesn't really speak English but they are nice and the food comes fast. Will eat plenty of this in the winter.
To die for bun bo Hue ...until the MSG sinks in. It was a really tasty bowl of authentic bun bo Hue but the amount of MSG makes my neck feel pain and numb. Will not return because I'm MSG allergic.
This is our go-to place for excellent BBH. Nowhere else compares. If we're craving it, we come straight here even though the drive is pretty far from where we live.

Service is very quick but the place is extremely small so the wait for tables will be long. However, that is during peak hour on the weekends. There is practically no wait after 2PM.
I can't believe I haven't review this place yet! This place has the best Bun Bo Hue I've ever had! I am from a city where at least 90% of the population is Vietnamese so I had very high expectation of Cafe Diem and it did not disappoint. Please don't get anything else here except the Bun Bo Hue. I first came here about 6 years ago and the flavor is still the same.. delicious, flavorful, spicy and a good well balanced broth. If you don't like pig's blood or pig's feet, just ask for ALL meat. If you want it to be very spicy, just ask for extra pepper on the side. This place is VERY small so don't expect it to be fancy or anything. In terms of pricing, I'd have to say that it became more expensive than it used to  be, but of course it is expected. A large bowl now is 9 dollars and a small bowl is 7 dollars. I remember when it was only 6 dollars for a large bowl! but that was 6-7 years ago......

By the way, they are closed on Wednesdays!
I have to agree with everyone else, they seriously have the best Bun Bo Hue in Philly! I've also had their beef pho which is just as as equally amazing. The beef they use is sliced perfectly thin and never overcooked or tough. The broths are perfection..just the right amount of spiciness and so flavorful. I'm upset their renovations are taking longer than expected, I'm so deprived of their delicious noodle soups!
Cafe Diem hands down probably offers the most authentic Bun Bo Hue in Philly! It could be a little spicy so if you're not too confident abt your tolerance i would definitely ask for a "NO chilly" bowl. They also have really good bánh cun and h tíu khô if you're up for a change :)
My local friend suggested this place, and boy! It was good!

I just moved to the East coast from California, so my standard for Viet food was super high, and I was skeptical about this place. I was even more skeptical because their side veggies didn't look like what was supposed to go with BunBo (they served a standard Pho side veggies), but after my first sip of their soup, all my doubts were washed away.

From my first sip, I could tell the soup was extracted from the fatty broth of the beef, making the soup even more savory and thick. Adding the spiciness for satay made the soup even more flavorful. Basically their soup was on point, and up to standard.

The noodles were ok. The meat was great! They gave me a generous portion of meat combinations, for just a small bowl of Bun Bo. Even though my bowl was a small bowl, I had a lot of meat towards the end, more meat than noodles at the the end.

The combination of meat toppings was great too. I had ham hock, beef shanks, pork, at least 5 pieces of pork patties, and at least 2 pieces of tendon, so A LOT of meat.

Maybe they didn't want to shy away from the renowned cheese steaks shops nearby (Pat's and Geno's), so they made the beef slices really tasty and gave generous portions of beef slices haha.

Overall great BUN BO. 

$10 for a deluxe small bowl.
First, lemme start by saying their hours are absurd! They're not actually open until 7, so call. Every time I call its different. The ONE time we were able to go its because they were taking their last table at 6:15 (which was their latest). 

This pho is unlike any in philly, in a good way. Since going to Vietnam, I have serious issues finding pho that isn't entirely bland. Order the Bun Bo Hue and you wont be disappointed. Its pretty flavorful and they have plenty of the spice works on the table to add some more heat. Be careful about getting broth in your eyes. You may laugh but both of us eating did it! And I was wearing mascara down my face. Ok, it is funny, now. 

Cash only.
I have only tried Bun Bo Hue here. It's very small restaurant, but I don't care about the size of the restaurant as long as they have good food! I have eaten in the restaurant and ordered to go! This is hands down the best Bun Bo Hue in Philadelphia!

You know how when you order the food to go and it doesn't taste the same as eating in the restaurant? Well, not here! I remember ordering a large Bun Bo Hue to go and they definitely give you a lot of stuff! They separate the stock from everything else to prevent the noodles from getting soggy so all you have to do is boil the stock and add everything in it. It still tasted delicious and you can tell that everything was so fresh. In addition, it was nice and spicy!

Also, it's more on the expensive side and they only except cash, but I'm willing to pay for quality and a good bowl Bun Bo Hue.

Definitely go here to get your Bun Bo Hue fix on!
I really do feel sorry for everyone who says this is the best bun bo hue.  They may have the best in philly but if you really want the best bun bo hue, you're gonna have to travel out to Vietnam Cafe in Telford.

Their bun bo hue is good compared to the other restaurants in philly (do not go to Pho Ha for bun bo hue).  They go pretty light on the meat and the broth lacks depth compared to Vietnam Cafes.  If you're really craving bun bo hue in philly then give this place a try.  They recently renovated so its not much of a hole in the wall joint anymore.
First time I ever had bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup) was from here . It was about two years ago when a friend of mine introduced me to it and told me to give it try . It's something different so why not . I like trying new things . I did not like it . I think the soup lacked flavors . She told me this place was famous for their spicy beef noodle soup but I wasn't impressed . I've had better elsewhere . On to the next...
Finally i have had a chance to stop in Cafe Diem for the famous Bun Bo Hue. Yes, it's awesome and it had one of the tastiest pigs feet in it that i have ever had haha. The broth is delish, a bit sweet and spicy but not killer spicy. The Meat in the soup was really generous regarding portion and very tasty. This BBH is more on the savory / sweet side, and definitely one of the best in philly......The  other best place for BBH is equally as good, but totally different in flavor profile. It's my opimiom that Cafe Diem is one of the best most authentic BBH's you can get in the city and should not be missed !!!!
I heard a lot of good things about Cafe Diem so I knew I had to stop by while I was in the neighborhood. This place is well known for their bun bo hue but I ordered the pho since I'm not a huge BBH fan. Their "small" serving of pho was actually a pretty decent portion. It came with an assortment of beef, meatballs, and tendon, all for $10. The broth was flavorful and not salty like some other pho I've had. I would've preferred that my soup was steaming when it first came out, but that's just a personal preference. I also ordered the ca phe sua da (Vietnamese iced coffee) which had the perfect balance of bitterness and sweetness. My total came out to be $14 (no tax added!). Their menu is a bit limited, but I would definitely recommend Cafe Diem if you're looking for a place with solid Vietnamese food.
A nice little "hole in the wall" type of mom and pops restaurant. The best bun bo hue? Not exactly, however, it was pretty amazing. The bowl can be a little bigger just so when I add the veggies and mix it up, the broth won't spill all over the table. It was also missing one very important thing: dried pigs blood. Everything else in the bowl was amazing though. I still wonder why the soup is so clear compared to other bun bo hues I have tried, but hey, at least it tastes good! The next time I come here, I have to try their Pho Ga, aka Chicken Pho. It must be good since people were either ordering that or bun bo hue.
Interesting place to go to. They close at 630, so I guess they're not really a dinner place. It is a little hole in the wall that serves literally 12 things. I wish I had known that beforehand. We came very close to the end, so at that point they had already run out of chicken. I'm not a huge fan of tendons so I usually try to avoid beef stuff at Viet places, but this time I was forced to partake. 

The meat was actually very delicious and the broth was very clean. Service here was very good and friendly. However, in my soup, was a giant knuckle, which I felt like was just taking up space and could have been more noodles. 

Overall, if you are looking for one of the 12 items they have on their menu, this place seems like a win. They make a few things, but they make these things right. If you want anything else, I would recommend going somewhere else.
Incredible! I LOVE this place. I have been coming for years and I am so happy they remodeled. Though the food has always been great, esthetics where seriously lacking. Now, the great decor is a much better reflection on the cuisine. It is delish, quick, simple and easy. Every time it hits the spot. You MUST try it!
Hailed as the best bun bo Hue in Philly. I don't think so. The bun bo here is pretty good but not that amazing. With much better places like bun bo Song Ngoc in Kensington, which unfortunately closed, I can never understand why everyone think this was the best place.

One of the more confusing place to order bun bo Hue. They have a system of small and large with specials bun bo and all that. A bowl should just come with everything available with it. I feel like it's gimmicky to charge more by adding extra items and calling it special. 

Flavor wise, it is good, a lot of lemon grass flavor and the meat is fresh. The seasoning however, is light. It lacks sweet and saltiness. They also offer different dishes and we tried hu tieu kho. This was actually pretty good with an abundant amount of meat. Unfortunately I find the signature noodle soup to be subpar and more expensive than most places. Come in with a  lower expectation and your experience will be more enjoyable.
We tried their Banh mi a few months ago hoping for something memorable, but could not eat the sandwiches when we got home. The meat was cheap cold cuts, the bread meh. Never going back. Especially since Lee's Cafe opened on Washington.
I have to say, this is my favorite pho restaurant in Philly. As a Seattle native, I've come to be pretty picky when it comes to pho due to the saturation of delicious Vietnamese restaurants throughout the city. I was really missing good pho until we stopped by cafe diem recently. Great flavor, substantial portions, and decent prices! I will definitely return again soon! My only complaint is that they take cash only.
Even though I did not get the BBH, I am an instant fan.

Opted for the Banh Canh Ga Thoi (Fresh chicken soup w/needle noodles) 1st time I had these noodles & loved them! They are thicker, shorter rice noodles and have a great somewhat chewy consistency. The broth was perfectly savory. Reheated it to a boil w/jalapeños provided gave it a nice kick. As did the lime. Bean sprouts, some chopped herbs and such gave the slightly smokey scented broth great flavor. Came with 10 pieces of perfectly cooked & seasoned hunks of chicken breast on the bone.

Got it to go; was ready in about 5 minutes. This was a Friday @ noon. Last time I looked in was a Sat; this place gets packed! Predominately a small soup based menu. Food comes out fast as I observed. One family of 6 sat at a table, did not even have to order. Plates of bean sprouts,herbs, etc appeared within a minute!

Waitresses seem fast & efficeient. Told me to have a seat, and brought me a glass of tea? flavored water even though I was taking out. She was very petite and cute. Bit of a language barrier. Asked for hot sauce, and has to point to one on table. They gave me the sriracha-hoisin mix, which was perfect.

Would definitely return & get that soup again. Also the BBH w/ beef and Pho are must try's. I believe this food is real authentic, and also as another said, that everything on the menu is amazing.
Cafe Diem is good, but not great. 

For a small hole in the wall place, it has about 5 tables and can accomodate about 15 people in the entire establishment. They are known for the Bun Bo Hue (BBH), but offer pho and some other noodle soup options. 

The soup base lacks the depth of flavor of a true home-cooked version, and their spiciness comes from their hot chili paste/oil, which they add according to your desired spice level. Compared to other BBH places, they do give a lot more meat, which is a plus for a lot of people. But for me, I'd rather have a more satisfying soup and other toppings. 

Honestly, if you're in the neighborhood and want something warm, this is great. Just make sure you have CASH and lots of room in your stomach!
I've only had the Bun Bo Hue here.  It is so good!  Spicy at first, but as you get used to it it gets better and better.  Amazing broth, tender juicy meat, chewy noodles, fresh herbs--couldn't be any better.  Probably my favorite soup in the city among all my favorites--over Pho 75, over Nan Zhou, over Sky Cafe, over Terakawa.  

The restaurant is clean and efficient and has a diverse crowd all eating soup.  Great coffee too.
I was first introduced to this spot by a friend.  I have since brought a Vietnamese friend who was very homesick and had been on a search for some GOOD, authentic bun bo hue.  Needless to say, it was a very successful trip!  The banh cuon was great as well!
I can make bun bo Hue.  A very good one in fact, even my mom fully admits.  Trouble is, it takes an entire day and the house permeates the smell of rotting shrimp once the essential ingredient mam ruoc (fermented salted shrimp paste) hits the liquid.  Therefore, I must say Cafe Diem is undoubtedly the place I visit for bun bo Hue when I can't be bothered by any of that.  It has all the prerequisites of a good one with the sweet from pineapple, salty and savory, pungent of lemongrass, and loaded of red pepper flotsam.  Quarters are cramped, sometimes crowded, and HGTV continually plays on the television.  Eat quick and hustle to the Italian Market.
Environment: This place is great. From a modern-day Vietnamese techno-vibe, they don't skimp out on the authenticity of this popping place. Restrooms are extremely small so beware..

Service: A little longer than most pho places but it's WORTH the wait. The Bun Bo Hue comes out almost instantly.

Food: Wow, where do I begin? Between this and Cafe Nhan in the East Passyunk neighborhood, this place easily is in my TOP TWO PLACES FOR PHO. Being a Vietnamese myself, I can appreciate the quality and richness of this broth so so much with the tenderness of the meat. The sizes aren't the largest; however, you pay for EVERY SINGLE DOLLAR of quality. The Bun Bo Hue is equally just as amazing. Cafe Diem and Nhan have been my top go-to places in Philly for ANY TYPE of Vietnamese food. They will never disappoint. 

**By the way, I would even be as bold to say that this pho beats the authentic ones in Vietnamese themselves (because of the meat quality) and the ones' in California (home of the American-Vietnamese).

Price: After tax and tip for a large bowl of bun bo hue or pho? ~$12-13. Easy buy.
If you're ever craving a hot tasty spicy bowl of bun bo hue, get your butt to Cafe Diem. This is definitely my go-to place for bun bo hue. They've got it in the bag. The broth is deep in flavor, you can taste the lemon grass, sweetness of the beef bones that's been simmering in that broth for hours, spicyness of the saté, oh man it's so good it makes me cry or maybe the chili sauce makes me cry, I'm not sure. They've recently renovated the place so it looks a lot more inviting. I still wonder if they serve anything else because when you come in they don't give you a menu. Nonetheless, I can't help but to come back at least once a month in the winter.
One of the if not the best place for bùn bo hu.  ( besides my wife's)  The place is know for it. service is quick and friendly. Play is small so I suggest take out is better. I know they serve other things, I never try it. But bun bo hue is the only thing I get.
Delish bun bo hue and cafe sua da!! Lots of thinly sliced meat and soooooooo tender, melt in your mouth bun Bo hue. Damn spicy too! Coffee is hella concentrated and strong. I'm sure I'm gonna be caffeinated all day! Lovely place to eat!!
I'll keep this brief......The only things you need to know is that Cafe Diem serves the absolute best Bun Bo hue and there's free 2 hr municipal parking up the block.
There...now you have no reason to not get over there...... Right now!
If this was the first or last bon bo hue you will leave smiling. Cannot describe how good this dish is in this small and no pretenses cafe. This dish is what most of the clientele come for - eat in or take out. No regrets - even if we had to drive all the way from NJ. There is free 2-hour municipal parking a block away. Restaurant is small and spartan, but clean. Service is efficient.
One of the best spots to get BBH in Philly. This hole in the wall is a gem for those who know about it because they're getting the best BBH that isn't made by their mother. The place is kind of small so if you're going during lunch time on a Saturday or Sunday, it can be a little packed and you may have to wait a little bit but it's worth it. The prices are slightly higher than a Pho restaurant at $10 for a small bowl fully loaded or $12 for a large bowl. Service is quick and efficient as well, they speak English so no worries if you don't know the language. Just say you want a small or large bowl of Bun Bo Hue!

If you like BBH and haven't gone here yet, it is 100% a must try. You will be satisfied, please take my word for it.
You probably come here for bun bo hue, bbh, beef soup, whatever you call it. But dont forget to try out their banh cuon, steamed rice cake filled with minced mushrooms and pork. They usually dont have it during weekdays, correct me if im wrong, but weekends they usually have it. A must try dish!!
They make a solid bun Bo hue. They have other things you can order off the menu but people come here for the bun bo hue. I enjoyed my bowl but it tasted different than what I am use to but it was still good. The noodles are really slippery so it causes a big splashy mess and small little red dots appear on your clothes. It was $8 per bowl so I think they increased prices. Most of the items on their menu was $8. They may be cash only too. Not sure. Don't park in the lot across the street. Apparently they will tow you (according to the owner). The place is small and they cram a lot of tables in there so expect to have a conversation with the strangers next to you. Or at least know what they are talking about. Lol
This place has fantastic Bun Bo Hue! I'm from SoCal and live close to Little Saigon aka Westminster and have been to all the bun bo hue places around.

So, it was quite a shocker on finding such a place that had THE best bbh. It's the broth with its beefy flavor and exact amount of spiciness along with the noodles that they use making it the perfect marriage of noodles and broth. The meat that they provide is good, although they lack cha and other types of items that would normally be served in the SoCal locations. 

The prices were stellar a few years back, but due to demand and supply, they increased the prices for a large bowl to $9. Still justifiable, but I can't see myself ordering many $10 bowls of bbh when I can get a bigger portion for $6.95 in the OC. 

It's definitely worth making the trip if you're in Philly and there's a huge parking lot nearby, which is FREE, that's right, there's some rare free parking in Philly. 

Their other dishes like their banh canh isn't too shabby either. Give a place a try especially on a cold day because you'll definitely enjoy the soup/broth to warm you up!
There are a few places that make Bun Bo Hue right and this place nails it. They even make a mild version. The place is small, so don't sneeze or you might topple the customer behind you. 

Special note: my GF gives their bubble tea top ratings and even made me run back in, to get the empty cup, so that she can pick out the remaining bubbles.
Best bun bo hue! The broth is delicious--and even the small bowl is packed with yummy noodles and tons of meat. Love it!
My favorite place to get banh cuon (a vietnamese rice cake dish with pork and mushroom fillings serves with nuoc mam and gio). The banh cuon is so fresh and the flavor is just right. The bun bo hue here is equally good which is what the place is known for. However, I always get the banh cuon here and always leave with a happy tummy! The owner is very friendly and this place is cash only but there is an ATM inside. The restaurant is pretty small so if you come during peak hours, expect to wait for table but I can guarantee the wait is totally worth it!!
People rave about the Bún bò Hu, but I decided to change it up a bit and get the chicken soup. It was a great traditional chicken noodle soup - perfect for if you are feeling a little under the weather. The broth is made with chicken parts (and there are chicken parts in the dish too), and is filled with noodles and veggies. You wouldn't expect a restaurant like this to thrive next to the powerhouse of the Italian Market, but it does an incredible job and it's dishes.
