(to the tune of "Spiderwebs" by No Doubt)

You want to escape the rut
Of leftover Pizza Hut
Why not get yourself to No Libs
You can even bring your kids
You want some French food,
Or maybe a little Persian?
Why not try.... both?

[pre-chorus]
(Yeah) sorry, I'm not home right now
I'm brunching at Cafe la Maude
So leave a message
And I'll call you back
An eating frenzy, yeah,
So leave a message
Call you post-nap.

You're gonna wanna try the 'za
And get at least one sweet dish (ya)
And if the prices seem quite steap,
Just trust us - this food's too good to be cheap.

Pay the price, that's our advice,
It's not just good, it's GREAT!


[Pre-chorus]

Must go, don't miss it
La Maude, it's the ***t
And if you doubt it
You are quite foolish.

This place is divine. Cafe la Maude - a not-so-hidden gem in NoLibs that brings the crowds and brings the flavor. A pricey brunch, so not for every weekend, but when you go, go all out. Try savory, try sweet, try everything you wanna eat. And don't sleep on the coffee.

If you're experiencing a wait:
a) it's worth it
b) just go peruse the plant shop next door.
I was so pleasantly surprised by my brunch at Cafe La Maude a couple months ago. There were a few tables set up outside but it was a warm day so we decided to eat inside. Fortunately, we snagged the last available table, but even if there had been a wait, it seemed like turnover was pretty quick. Still, the place was bumpin' on a Sunday morning!  

The menu was much larger than I expected for a cafe, and they also had some specials. I went super basic with scrambled eggs and cheddar on a croissant, but it was delicious. The coffee was great, too. My friend raved about her salad. The staff was very friendly and one of the owners/managers swung by each table to make sure people were enjoying themselves. I can't wait to go back!
Omg this is the best breakfast I've had in a long time. My husband and I waited over an hour for a table here, which we never ever do, and it was totally worth the wait! (Not in his opinion, but mine :) 

I am absolutely obsessed with the blue yogurt berry and granola bowl. This is by far the BEST yogurt bowl I've ever eaten!! See photos.. you'll be amazed. I have since dreamed about this yogurt multiple mornings for breakfast and sometimes am tempted just order it for delivery halfway across the city. 

We also had chicken and waffles which was pretty good, but not nearly as good as the short rib huevos rancheros, which to me looks more like quesadillas (see photos). This was also some of the best huevos rancheros I have ever had and the serving size was huge enough to feed two people! 

The cappuccino was delicious and the service was speedy fast because they were trying to turn tables over very quickly since the wait got up to over two hours long. 

I have worked in the food industry so I knew to eat quick and get out but others who were lingering around and drinking their coffee slowly could be annoyed at how they were being rushed to eat and leave. But because of Covid restaurants have restrictions on how many tables they can have outside so it's critical that people be aware that every minute equals money, and they should not sit and linger when done eating if there is a wait for tables. 

The owner was funny, A little rough around the edges, but I enjoyed watching him keep track of a two hour long wait on nothing but yellow Post-it notes. Maybe an upgraded computer system would do them good! 

But the food was so delicious it outweighs everything else to a 5-star rating. Bravo chef!
You will die with regrets if you're in the city and choose not to stop by here. I don't care how far you have to go, because if I got here on foot under what felt like 110F, then I have faith in you too my friend.

SERVICE
* Super attentive, friendly, sociable and quick! [1]

ENVIRONMENT
* Lovely outdoor seating
* Classy interior seating near the front
* Refreshing and brighter lit seating in the back
* Clean, Parisian style unisex restroom

FOOD (menu)
* Something for everyone [2]
* Worth every buck [3]

FOOD (experience)
* Saumon Fume a cheval [4] [5]

OVERALL
Cafe La Maude is a one of a kind breakfast joint! Tucked away a little distance from all your typical Philly tourist attraction sites. But like I said earlier, it's worth the travel. Because if I could, I would maximize every criteria for a review. 

Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so make it worth it with a trip and splendid dining experience here!! 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
[1] The owner does a much better job than any teacher/professor I've had at remembering your name and face, regardless of how many people there are waiting for a seat. Even if the line goes on to the other side of the street, he will do whatever it takes to hunt you down and get you that seat. They do a fabulous job of getting customers seated, served, and out for the next customer, and craving for more in a heartbeat, without the slightest bit of pressure to rush.

[2] The menu felt like love at first sight! Would definitely come by again and again to try everything. Every order was the definition of a perfect breakfast; included carbs, proteins, veggies, fruits, etc., which so many breakfast places tend to forget and just load you up with potatoes. Huge fan of the exotic menu that differentiates it from other typical breakfast joints.

[3] Prices run on average of $15-16. Worth every bit  for the amount of food you're getting, for the quality, and for the photogenic food presentation.

[4] Avocado spread, mascarpone cream cheese & creme fraiche, smoked salmon, tomatoes, cucumbers, radish, arugula, chives, onion, and capers; served on pumpernickel bread; with a side of potatoes & a sunny side up egg

[5] This does not receive nearly as much hype as it should, and that's coming from someone who's a picky salmon eater. Nothing all too overpowering. Perfect balance of everything on your nice and chewy bread..mmm...yum~ And you also get your fair share of egg porn.
Absolutely delicious brunch!! I can't believe it took me four years of living in the city to finally check this place out. I would have been coming here way more frequently!! 

I came here on a Saturday around 1 pm with one other person, and the wait was about 20 minutes. There is an adorable plant shop next door that we were able to walk around in while we waited. We were then seated in the front room where the coffee bar is, and the room had a really cute Parisian feel. The place is BYOB, so we just ordered a couple of coffees which were bottomless and they later let us take a cup to go. 

The food here was incredible. The entire menu sounded so good that we had trouble deciding on what to order. We ended up going with the green shakahuka and the cordon bleu waffle sandwich. The place is definitely pricey for a brunch, but the servings are pretty large. The shakshuka was very filling and was probably the best one I've had in the city. It came with bread and different veggies, and the eggs were perfectly cooked. The cordon bleu was also incredible and contained pretty much every breakfast item in one dish including waffles, eggs, fried chicken, pork, fried, etc. We were very full after this meal.

Cafe la Maude is now one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly and I can't wait to go back!
I must announce my love for this place. This is a breakfast destination I've fallen deeply for. I can be picky when it comes to brunch food because let's face it, it's universally known to be the BEST meal of the day. But Cafe La Maude sure know how to get to my heart. Incredible food and wonderful service. What more can a guy ask for? 

Dishes are always beautiful, delicious, and very filling. Attentive service with a smile. Gabby and his wife are both unbelievably friendly, graceful, and caring. Also great ambiance. And the food has a lot of creativity. One example of a must try is the Parisian Za- An open-faced croissant topped with French ham, warm goat cheese, avocado, caramelized onions,jalapeños, drizzled with truffle oil, eggs any style, and potato croquette..MMM! 

Bring your dog, toddler, loving parents, significant other, or anyone else because I can guarantee they'll love it here. So next time include Cafe La Maude in your discussions of where to eat brunch in the city!
Cute cafe with amazing food, great service, wonderful atmosphere.

I came here on a Thursday afternoon with a friend, and we were seated right away. The waitress was very patient even though my friend had the hardest time making her decision on what kind of dish to get (because everything sounded so amazing)! 

She ultimately decided on the Parisian Za, and I got the Ananas Salad. I had a bite of her Parisian Za, which came out with a special smiley face from the kitchen - all the components of the plate came together deliciously, and the presentation was a nice plus.

My Ananas Salad was delicious as well - topped with sweet potato fries and filled with lots of different flavors and textures, this salad hit the spot for a filling yet still light-ish meal. The Ananans Salad comes with pineapples and shrimp with a spicy zesty sauce. I love salads, but I don't normally like paying $14 for something that I feel like I could put together at home. The Ananas Salad was worth $14 and felt like something much more special than something I could casually make.

I can't wait for my next visit to Cafe La Maude to try some of the other dishes out!
If you still have doubts, that Cafe La Maude is one of the best places for brunches in Philadelphia, just take a peek at its badass menu. From rocking Green Shakshuka to the best Mediterranean platter I've ever tasted in Philly, you'll find something up your alley--or better yet, if I dare you to try out something new! Something like Saumon Fumé a cheval or Berrylicious Pain Perdu. 

Last week I ordered the Mediterranean platter. It was simple, colorful and very delicious, I was satisfied without being too full. I'm planning to go back soon and try the N-Liberties and Gypsy Eggs.

Five Yelps.
Can brunch be sexy?
No, it cannot. It is the bleary-eyed, loathsome meal who serves only to remind you that you made too many mistakes and now you have to drown yourself in some atrociously large portion of eggs with some fancy ingredients thrown on top after waiting in line for too long.
Well, at least that's how I thought things were.

Cafe La Maude challenges my perception of morning meals in a way that North American-style restaurants never do. It serves lighter, disciplined fare that encompasses a mix of European styles. The fresh squeezed orange juice here is fantastic. The macarons are great. The croissants are great. The ambiance is great and actually seems romantic in the daylight. 

The foul madamas, a popular dish with fava beans, scrambled eggs, tomatoes, and a buncha other goodness, meets expectations. It is good but you are an idiot if you think you can finish it alone. It is a good dish to split.
Best breakfast place in Philadelphia! Especially if you are looking for a middle eastern twist. Everything looks picture perfect and tastes better. The owner is super friendly and is so involved with the service. Been there atleast half a dozen times so far and the outdoor seating is perfect with a sanitizer on every table! #faveplaceforbreakfast
5 stars all around! No wonder Cafe La Maude has such rave reviews, they deserve every single one. My husband and I came for a New Years Day hungover brunch and it seemed like the rest of Philly was doing the same. It is a very tastefully decorated intimate cafe that turns tables around with impressive speed. When we arrived, there were maybe 4 other parties ahead of us, all standing closely at the entrance to not have to wait in the frigid cold. Within less than 15 minutes we were seated and promptly served. They are BYOB and have delicious fresh squeezed orange juice for mimosas. 

Being the big eaters we are, we started with the parfait and espresso/americano. I don't know that a parfait is ever something memorable, but this one will linger in our hearts and stomachs for a long time. The creamiest yogurt topped with strawberries, banana, and tasty chunks of homemade granola. It was a very generous portion and could definitely be eaten alone by one person, so I'm glad we shared it before our entrees! I ordered the sweet potato Benedict and an order of French toast and unfortunately I cannot remember what my husband ordered. I'm so happy so many other Yelpers have taken pictures because I regret not doing so with these beautiful dishes!! We were so hungry that we dove right in to enjoy our meals. 

I'm not exactly sure, but I get the vibe that the menu is a fusion of Middle Eastern and French cuisine, two of my favorites. I'm biased coming from a Turkish family, but the combinations of dishes on this menu were so interesting that we cannot wait to come back and try everything. What sold me on the sweet potato benny, other than being a fan of any sort of Benedict, was that it was served with Sujuk, a spicy breakfast sausage my dad would always bring home from the Turkish market. It's not something you see many places and I was excited to see it included in a few other dishes as well. What an incredible meal... the perfect medley of flavors harmoniously mixed. My husband was blown away by his meal as well. I saved about half of my benny in order to still have room for the beautiful French toast we also ordered. To no surprise, the French toast was perfectly prepared and beautifully served with fresh fruit. 

Something we loved was how involved the owner was in his cafe. He was keeping track of waiting parties, kept tables moving, ran food, and was extremely personable with all his guests. His love for his business showed and he should be very proud of this amazing gem in Northern Liberties. We're already planning our next visit! What a great way for us to start 2018!
I think regret is the best way to describe my experience at Cafe La Maude. My boyfriend and I made the spilt second decision to visit this establishment after passing by another brunch establishment. I can see why people do like this place but it's just not for me.

It's a cute little cafe with an ethnic twist. We were seated quickly by whom I am guessing was the owner. He was sitting with his family and we were seated a table down from them. I looked over the menu and my heart sunk. Nothing sounded good...but I settled on an omelette. Maybe cause I'm a vegetarian? Not sure.

The coffee arrived first which was quickly followed by the meal. The coffee here is La Columbe and it's SO good but you don't go out for brunch just for coffee. I took a few bites of my omelette and just felt sad. For ~$18 I felt more regret for choosing this location.

Parts of the meal were okay, like the fresh fruit and potatoes - these were actually very good. But the fact of the matter is I couldn't find anything on the menu that sounded good. Usually I do more research on places before just showing up but I failed to do that here. 

It makes me sad to leave this review but I really can not recommend this place.
In one fell swoop, Cafe La Maude has shot to the top of the charts as my favorite brunch in the NoLibs/Fishtown area. The menu is a daunting wall of text with what seems to be no rhyme or reason, but from the little bit that I had (Waffle Chicken Cordon Blue) I can tell that they've got talent. 

I'm very happy to have gone here (thanks for the invite lindsay v., Smrithi D., Kathleen D.) and will be back again next weekend to work my way down the menu.
Wow - what a great find. We are not usually in this part of Philly but a lot of people already knew about this place. It was a Wednesday, a little after noon, and almost all the outside tables were taken.

It's open for breakfast & lunch everyday. A great looking menu running from Mediterranean Burritos to Omelets to Salads and Sandwiches and that's just the first page.

We got 2 of their Signature Dishes and both were delicious.

The Red Shakshuka was sautéed onions & peppers braised w/tomato sauce, Lebanese sausage (beef), chickpeas, pesto, fingerling potatoes & Harissa Labneh w/2 sunny-side-up eggs & pita.

The Shawarma was unlike any that I have tasted before and was right up there with the best. It's shaved filet of steak with Middle Eastern spices, pita, cherry tomatoes, avocado tartar spread, green rice, scrambled eggs, caramelized onions & sweet potato fries.

It's not inexpensive with about $19 being the average cost for a dish but well worth the price. With such an interesting menu, we are looking forward to returning.

With 2 Cappuccinos, before tax and tip, the bill came to around $52.
Be ready to leave happy

Brunch items on the menu are significantly more expensive than their competitors. But it is brunch so still very affordable

We ordered the berrylicious French toast which is some of the best in town. The creme brûlée banana really elevated the dish to a HNL (hole notha level, for those who never watched madTV). 

Brisket huveos rancheros came out on a wobbly and warped wooden dish. The presentation was kind of ugly but boy did everything taste good

The pastries in the display case looked scrumptious as well. Too bad I was too stuffed to try any of them. I'll be back to snag a pastry in the future
People keep telling me how great Café La Maude is, and I've always been reluctant to go because there's always a long wait.

This past Saturday, we called ahead of time and were surprised that there was no wait. There were many patrons already seated and eating, and only a couple of empty tables. 

As I looked at what other people were eating and perused the menu at the same time, I wanted to order everything. Eventually I decided to go with one of the signature dishes, the N-Liberties while my husband had the Parisian Za' (also a signature dish). He also ordered one of the iced cappuccinos. 

Our food came out quickly and was so beautifully plated. The N-Liberties was delicious. The grounded Lebanese sausage had a mixture of spices and was so flavorful. The little side of fried cauliflower was amazing too. I'm glad to know you can order this as a side dish. My husband also enjoyed his Parisian Za', which looked like the crowd's favorite, as everyone was ordering it. The iced cappuccino was okay, not the best cappuccino he had, but not bad.

Throughout our meal, our server kept coming to refill our waters, which was great, because it was such a hot day. The umbrellas helped a lot, but it's always good to stay hydrated!
A Sunday recipe for success cannot be complete without a visit to Cafe La Maude! The food, mouthwatering! The service, impeccable! The decor, amazing and cozy! And the coffee was very tasty! 

We had never been to La Maude before and decided to go with some family that was visiting from out of town, we had visited their sister location, Suraya in fishtown. which is another must-try in my opinion. I never had shakshookah before and I think that it's one of my favorite breakfast foods of all time now. The mixture of seasonings and ingredients was delicious. You can't go wrong ordering the shakshookah or the open face burrito. Shout out to the owner, who was very hospitable and made us feel right at home.
Cafe La Maude is a quaint brunch spot with Mediterranean and European-inspired dishes. I love how the entrees are all unique, and feature a variety of spices and flavors. The prices here are on the pricier end with the average dish costing around $20. 

After a long few minutes of contemplating, my boyfriend and I decided to get the Parisian Za (probs the most popular dish here) and the Gypsy Eggs. It was a tough decision to make but I'm happy with our choices.

The Parisian Za -which you can guess from its name- is French-inspired. The plate has croissant (because what's more French than a croissant?) topped with ham, eggs and seasoned with truffle oil (yum!). The sides include a salad, roasted potatoes, and a mini fruit salad. The Gypsy Eggs are cooked in a tomato-based sauce and come with fried eggplants and potatoes. My one complaint is that the Gypsy Eggs came out room temperature. I was really looking forward to the eggs being bathed in a hot, soupy sauce. Other than that, both dishes are a solid 4.
This pace is BYOB!! You go in with the bottles, you hand it over to your waitress and they then serve you. The food was amazing. I had such a good time here. I loved the fact you are able to bring your own bottle. Gives you the option to go out to eat while bringing a bottle or two you love and not having to pay double for it. I wish more places were like this, the bill would be cheaper. The staff were great and would come over often to check if we needed anything.
FINALLY made it to Café La Maude for brunch, and I'm so happy I did! It's a very cute, cozy, and busy little Parisian spot nestled in among a flower shop and adorable row homes in Northern Liberties. There are lots of good places to grab brunch in the area, and Café La Maude is no exception. 

Depending on the time and day you visit, you may have a short wait. We waited about 20 minutes for a table, which was not a problem - we simply perused the quirky neighboring plant store. There is not much space for lingering, so if you do have a wait, I'd suggest taking a stroll.

I ordered a latte and the Croque Maude - it was satiating, delicious, and made fresh to order with quality ingredients. I will say, this café is more on the pricier end for a breakfast. Don't expect diner food and don't expect diner prices.The service here was friendly, but almost too overbearing. We were waited on by several different staff members, and while our water glasses were never empty, we were asked three times by three different people if we were ready to order in a matter of 3 minutes. It felt very rushed. 

Overall, Café La Maude met my expectations. I'd be keen to come back and try more food items.
Probably my favorite brunch spot in the city. A few things to get out of the way:

- walk in only (There will be a long line on the weekends. We came on a Saturday when it was raining so hard I thought it would never stop and we still had a 30 minute wait. By the time we left ~11:30 AM, there was a line so long it stretched outside into the rain.) 
- lots of vegetarian options!
- v limited parking in the area so would recommend Ubering

Overall, we LOVED this place! First, the owners are SO warm and kind, we felt like we've known them forever. The owner joked around with my dad and checked in with us from time to time. Second, the food was amazing. I ordered the tiramisu pancakes and I was so surprised that the sweetness was very balanced. A lot of times when you order sweet pancakes, they're sickly sweet and you can't really eat more than 2 bites. Not the case here -- they are EXCELLENT. I would 100% recommend. We also got the potatoes with saffron aioli and sweet potato Benny. Both were delicious. I'm POSITIVE we'll be back again soon!
Amazing! We came on a Sunday morning maybe around 9:30am and didn't have to wait to get seated. I was surprised since this place is so popular... they do have plenty of seating area. But 30min after we were seated this place got packed! Come early if you don't want to wait in line. 

We got the red shakshuka, shawarma plate, and the saffron Mayo fries. Everything was so good!! The shawarma plate was good but it's something you can easily replicate at home - but that's many brunch dishes. The red shakshuka is probably the best red shakshuka I've had (not that I've had many). I really like it's served with chickpeas. I would say the highlight was the saffron Mayo fries, so delicious! We couldn't finish everything since it was so much food so I took the fries home along the dipping sauce... they do have a disposable sauce container you can use.

Lovely experience! Definitely come try this place.
Just stopped in for a coffee before brunch at Honeys. Despite having a group of 7 drinking coffee and lattes, we got kicked out because we did not order food. The staff was extremely rude and blatantly disrespectful during the whole encounter. Absolutely no way I would ever come back. Shocking behavior for anybody in the service industry. If you want everyone to eat, be a restaurant and not a coffee shop.
This place is terribly amazing, horribly fantastic, disgustingly delicious!! (Quick question is it grammatically correct to use a positive and negative adjective to describe the same thing?) 

Honestly we came here on a whim with minimal expectations, however we left the restaurant with a severe case of ecstasy! I highly recommend cafe la Maude to anyone who appreciates good cuisine, especially in the morning. I mean I really have no clue why this place isn't busier than it's next door neighbor honey! It's far superior and the choices are much more complex and intricate! In prior reviews I would take the time to explain certain dishes, but I'm not sure how much that helps readers! So I'm going to refrain from intimately describing the food (this is completely selfish and lazy, but please don't stop reading) The only thing to add is that you will get a great brunch here, it is on the pricy side $16/ entree, but it is well worth it because the quality, care and love that's put into the food is vary apparent! 

One more thing. Bring Your Own Bottle!
This is by far my favorite brunch place in all of Philadelphia... and this is coming from a total brunch snob.
I've been here many times and each time I get overwhelmed by the menu options. They are so many great choices. If you have a sweet tooth like me, I recommend the Berrylicious French Toast - its what I got the first time I came and fell in love with this place. My favorite salad is the pesto, pineapple, arugula salad (I forgot the official name). 
This place does get very crowded on weekends, but the owner is amazing and super friendly and will accommodate all your needs. 
I speak so highly of this place - every really needs to try it out!
What a shame it's so hard for me to get myself here! (It's not within walking distance, difficult to find parking, a perilous trek to the Girard stop on the blue line, etc...)

However, once I do get here, it's easily one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly! 

The place definitely gives off a French cafe vibe. There are pastries and coffee at the counter. The interior design is classy and chic. It's cute and has both indoor and outdoor seating. The service is great, and most importantly, the food.... 

The food is simply amazing. There are so many options to choose from, and after stalking everyone else's dishes in the restaurant, it seems to me that not only are the dishes beautiful to look at, but they are also well-balanced and nutritious. The Parisian Za is to die for. It is practically all of my favorite food items combined into one harmonious dish. The beautifully arranged toasted croissant with ham, goat cheese, caramelized onions, avocados, and fruits, next to my over-easy eggs, were practically singing to me from my plate. 

My sister got the Croque Madame, which was good here, but the one at Girard Brasserie & Bruncherie is better. We got the chocolate French toast for dessert, but regretted this decision because it was too sweet and rich. However, if rich and sweet is to your taste, then you will probably like it. The coffee is excellent. I'd like to come back and try the Brisket Huevos Rancheros, which looked phenomenal according to the furtive side glance I gave my neighbor's dish. The menu is pretty extensive. I highly recommend!
During a recent trip to Philly this past summer, I kept seeing advertisements for Cafe La Maude having "the best pancakes in Philly." After doing some further reading online, I saw this place has a big reputation of being one of the best breakfast spots in Philly and has been featured in several media outlets.  You do not have to tell me twice about good food, so I made sure I planned a trip here with one of my really good foodie friends to see what Cafe La Maude was all about. 

Be prepared to wait because this place is jumpin'! My friend and I were quoted a 45 minute wait time, but we walked around the neighborhood to look at the architecture. There are also a few places around you can grab something to drink at while you wait.

The service here was phenomenal, our server took good care of my friend and me. As for the food ... amazing! There were so many yummy-looking Pancake creations on the menu, but ultimately I decided on the pancakes that were featured in the Philadelphia Inquirer article I read, the Red Velvet Tiramisu Pancakes. Chile, they gave me life do you hear me!? I was also able to take a bite of my friend's Shakshuka, and it was delicious as well. 

All in all, Cafe La Maude definitely lives up to its reputation. No wonder they were named one of Yelp's Top 100 places to eat in 2021!
I've been here twice and so far have had the open faced Mediterranean burrito, the Nutella french toast, beiridge (a warm oats and quinoa dish with nuts, berries and honey) and the Parisian Za. I distinctly remember the burrito was dressed with some savory green salsa that literally made the dish unforgettable. The other dishes were all excellent too so you can't really go wrong with any of them. But just a tip, the french toast may be a little too much sugar for just one person so I would recommend ordering it to share! I also ordered a chai latte here the other day on a whim. It's now 5 days later and I am still thinking about how it rocked my taste buds. 

Remember, they don't take reservations. So if you can, try to come here on a weekday. But if you have to come on a weekend, it's still 100% worth the wait.

French Lebanese fusion cuisine, ftw!!
Israel to Starbucks:

F*#K YOU STARBUCKS!

If you're Italian, Israeli, Greek, Lebanese, Mediterranean...You know what I'm talking about.  Starbucks didn't fail in my homeland because of the crappy coffee, it failed because the "Coffee as Drug" business model doesn't work with the Israeli culture.  As type A and accident prone as we are on the roads (I saw a family of four swerve into oncoming traffic repeatedly to save a few minutes on descent to the red sea), we can SIT and have a coffee-for HOURS.

Coffee shops where I come from have slammin' food, Mediterranean salads, fresh eggs, 5 O'Clock shadow owners who alternatively extol and curse the cavalcade of pretty young things who staff the front of the house.  You sit back, wash your eyes (our expression for looking at pretty girls), talk to a friend you haven't seen in a while, have a coffee...and a salad...and a coconut brownie...and another coffee.  It's epicurean, cheap, and the fabric of the culture.  It's not a wham bam caffeine ma'am pre-made sandwich experience.  It's the journey man, the journey.

But America-I'm sorry, you just don't get it.  Everybody WORKS in your coffee shops.  My favorite center city coffee shops are guilty of this too.  La Colombe is full of Rittenhustlers, college interviewees, med students, and frenetic artists, and I feel like 5 start ups are launched a week at Elixr's warm industrial confines.  I just want, just once, to see a girl hanging back, devil may care style, while watching the last 3 episodes of shark tank on her electronic device of choice (If this is you-marry me).

But La Maude gets it man, here's what they do so right:

NO WAIT: I took my mom here for mothers day.  Guess how long we had to wait for a table outside?  We didn't.

GREAT DRINKS: I like their latte over La Colombe's...And that's not something I say about lattes.  Surprisingly, I don't order it that much, because the other options, iced white tea, fresh juice, lemonade etc. are more enticing post workout on a weekend.  

GREAT MEDITERRANEAN FOOD: Homemade hummus, Zatar, Avocado salads, Fou Moudamas, this is what I grew up on.  But there are no weaknesses in their menu, there's nary a bad order to be found.

CASUAL AUTHENTICITY: In the middle of hipster kingdom, a movement characterized by a quixotic quest for authenticity, is a place that is...Shockingly authentic.  Marble counters, beautiful chairs, idiosyncratic coffee cups, and none of the forced "old world" charm, just simple, elegant, rumpled, lived in authenticity, so the aesthetics in the audience can breathe a sigh of pleasure and relief.

So grab a coffee, or a melon mint juice, or an iced white tea, and relax on a calm Sunday morning while watching the brunch crowd lumber into Honey's, and pray they don't read this review.

Say hi to Gabby ;)
I can't say enough about this place! The food is delicious . The place is so cute and decorated beautifully . The owner and his wife are so kind and go out of their way to say hello every visit. My favorite cafe in Northern Liberties .
I have been to Paris (sweet brag, yo), but I don't speak French. I can say 'vin chaud' and know what I'm in store for, though.

This place looks like it was taken from Neuilly and placed in my very own American neighborhood. It is precious. The food is incredible.

The problem--well, MY problem, is that the menu is in French. Not the descriptions, but the names of the dishes. I barely know how to pronounce these things so I ordered "the banana stuffed brioche french toast" instead of its proper, given name. This is slightly intimidating to a lowly 'merican like myself, but that won't stop me from coming back.
Once you walk in, the decor is everything! Loved the dessert display and the picture frames of dogs. 

However, the food was okay. Nothing great. I ordered poached eggs with canadian bacon and the egg was not poached. It was soft boiled so i didn't get that oozing effect that a poached egg would give you which was disappointing. 

The food wasnt the worst part. The customer service was. Our server (male) handed us the menu and left without explaining anything on the special menu. I didnt even realize that there was a special menu until i looked at the chalk board 10 mins later and the server caught me looking at it and then he began to explain. Later when we began to order, my boyfriend asked the server whats the dish that the girl got next to us and he was clueless. You can tell he was not sure and he just guessed. But later he found out and my boyfriend ordered that dish. No problems with his dish. 

Another thing that bothered me is when four women came to sit down next to us and the same server greet them with a smile and told them the special menu and even asked them if they had any questions they could let him know. But not once did he greet us with a smile or explain anything on the menu. And Im not sure if they have two different sizes of orange juice, but i just saw this couple with a larger glass cup of oj when i passed by. My bf got a small dinky plastic cup and the price was still $3 something. Not a very good first impression at all. 

Overall the food is okay but the customer service was horrible and it wasnt even that busy...i would have given them a 1 star for customer service and 3 stars for food. Do yourself a favor and go next door to Honey Sit'N Eat. Much better food and service. People are way friendly over there too. Will not return to this place. Nope.
Really cute cafe, beautiful plated food, helpful staff and a passionate owner that wants you to have a best experience. Well, my experience was great! 

I went with a couple friends and we all enjoyed our food and drinks! We ordered two benedicts (sweet potato and Brie/Canadian bacon/avocado) and the Saumon Fumé a Cheval. For drinks we ordered coffee, mango pineapple juice and a vanilla chai latte. 

At the end we were treated with macaroons... best I've ever had. The filling of each macaroon were bursting with flavor... I was so impressed! 

So why not five stars? You won't spend anything less than $18 a plate for breakfast. It's good food but it was shocked by the sticker price... so were my friends. I think if they shave off a few bucks to be more competitive they will get more customers.
So, SO overpriced ($18 for an omelette?? Are you kidding me?), small portions, such mediocre food. It doesn't taste French, it doesn't taste Middle Eastern, it just tastes like I just shoved $20 bills into my mouth and am still very hungry.

(Side rant: is this "French bistro" concept just a way to get away with serving less food and taking advantage of the unknowing consumer? Don't appreciate it at all.)

Why, yelp? Why??
Hands down my favorite brunch place in Philly! Their selection is awesome, and they have some really unique dishes on the menu. Anytime there's Eggs Benedict on the menu, I have to try it! I got a special twist of it, served caprese-style with tomato and cheese. Very interesting! I don't remember the exact dishes my parents got, but it was something more savory and it was also outstanding. I am definitely planning on coming back. Be sure to get there early, to snag a seat before the crowds start rolling in!
I've been back for brunch quite a few times now, each with groups of 4+ people and I am obsessed. The longest I've had to wait is 10 minutes - if you've been brunching in Philly for as long as I have, you'll know that this is an amazing wait time for a high-demand brunch location, especially for groups. Cafe la Maude is now my FAVORITE Philadelphia brunch spot. It's my go-to when I'm feeling fancy, or when I want to impress. It hasn't let me down yet, every time I go I have such a great experience.

I've tried almost everything on the menu, and there a couple of entrees that I find myself returning to.
- Poutine: This is on the specials menu, but has been available the past 3 times I've gone. I really hope they transition it over to the permanent menu!
- Tiramisu French Toast: A friend I came with blurt out "THIS IS THE BEST THING I'VE EVER PUT IN MY MOUTH" after 1 bite. Enough said.

I believe the poutine was on the specials menu, but it was on there several times so I'm hoping it will become part of the full menu. The Tiramisu French Toast is permanent, do not worry!
Wonderful little cafe. Mediterranean inspired brunch spot. 

I found it difficult to decide what to order because so many things genuinely sounded delicious. Even more challenging, all of the photos of the dishes on Yelp look fantastic too. 

I ended up going with my gut and ordered the Green Shakshuka. It was really good. The right level of saltyness, crunch from the bread, sauce/liquid level... very well done. 

Also ordered the fried eggplant which I wish was slightly crunchier and less mushy but not sure if that's possible. They came out super hot so be careful.

The only thing stopping this from being 5 stars is my weird interaction on the phone when I called ahead on Saturday. I asked how long the wait would be so I knew if it was worth bringing my dad/step mom there who were visiting me. The woman who answered said she doesn't know how long the wait is. 

Alright...So I asked her if she could check for me. She replied "no I can't, I'm just a bartender and I'm not a host." I then asked if she could ask a fellow host to which she said "no again because I'm a bartender." She also refused to just look around the restaurant with her eyes and tell me if it was busy...

Very weird, terrible customer service experience. That person should definitely get retrained on how to be a human... BUT, pair that weird interaction with the servers in the restaurant. They were phenomenal, polite and attentive. 

I'd definitely try this place out but maybe don't call them... ever.
So the food here is hands down some of the best brunch food in the city.  I've been coming here back when it used to have a much shorter line than Honey's - these days it can be just as busy.  

Why only two stars?  The portion size and value are not there.  Take for example the salmon fume (see pic) that I ordered for take out - this was nearly $20!  Sorry that's not acceptable by any standard.  If you are going to maintain such prices, you better be sure that people get their money's worth - otherwise they will just feel ripped off.
Cafe La Maude is a not-so-hidden gem that does not disappoint for brunch.

Cafe La Maude's French-Middle Eastern brunch fusion is one of my all-time Philly favorites. The flavors are bold and it's easy to find a non-traditional take on your brunch item. My favorite thing on the menu has to be the brisket quesadilla, which comes with chips and guacamole, a bean dip, and the aforementioned quesadilla. The brisket is juicy, and the cheese portion is generous, making this a hearty choice (I've taken to boxing half of it for lunch the next day). 

The prices are a little higher than other brunch places nearby, but it is also not usually as crowded. The out-of-the-ordinary menu also ensures that you try something a little different to start your day.
Had breakfast here for first time and would definitely return. Too bad it is not in Center City/University  City otherwise we would visit more often. 

Warning though, parking in that area can be tough and they don't seat until all parties are there. We came in one car and my gf and I got dropped off while our fiancees looked for parking. They were kind and the owner/manager eventually sat us since we were already waiting for a while for the other two to find parking. 

The pineapple-mango is a must have more me when I go back. It tastes freshly made and is super refreshing. 

Berrylicious Brioche was so delicious: Caramelized bananas and strawberries with passion fruit sauce and mascarpone cheese. Sounds very heavy but it was perfect to me and not overly sweet.
A complete Parisian cafe, with colorful macaroons adorning the places as you enter and cappuccinos pipping out their sweet scent. BUT with over 300 reviews, I'm going to hit you with a list of all the rest:

Must try:

1. Parisan Za( Parisian Zá  $16,a croissant with ham, goat cheese, avocado, caramelized onions & jalapeños)
2. Gaufre Chicken Cordon Bleu -a fancy Chicken and waffles with this dijon creme sauce. (I would do the sauce on the side, bc it's very different)
3. Cappuccino or just regular coffee

I could live without:

1. The Steak Frite Sandwich - A fancy steak sandwich, which makes no sense to order in a fancy cafe while being in the capital of cheese steaks.
2. Gaufre (Waffle w/ pudding and berries) - I really wanted to like this...but I absolutely hated it. The pudding was too heavy and took over and I felt like I lost out on brunch and on $10.

Overall I really enjoy this place, I've been here a few times, including to begin my bachelorette weekend. So this is a great spot for a fancy mimosa (BYOB) with your girls or a cozy cup of coffee with your sweetie. There is usually no wait here, unlike the other spots in the area.
Stopped into this little gem while visiting Philly. Small, cozy, friendly waiters, excellent  and reasonably priced food. What more can you ask for?
I had the Parisian Za- amazing!
Finally got around to trying this spot out. I was a little nervous reading the other reviews about the wait but we really didn't have an issue. The owner/manager was very friendly and made sure we got a table in time. He told us to walk around for 20 minutes and come back to check in with him and he had a table waiting for us just in time. 

Super funky decor and photographs all around which was nice to see. A lot of similar items as Parc's menu so it's a nice option for this area or if you're looking for something similar. 

I went for the Croque Maude--$18.50 - It was just as good as Parc's version and I think the price is around the same as well. It's the closest version in Philly I can find to the Madame Frieda at Jack's Wife Frieda in NYC. Make sure you come hungry if you're getting this dish it's HUGE and has fries and a small salad with it. 
(French ham, bacon, and a cheese blend served on grilled pain de mie with Mornay & avocado sauces, sunny side up egg,  side of fries & crudite)

We also tried the Berrylicious Pain Perdu--$17.00 with the mascarpone cheese which was insane. 
(Stuffed brioche, with mascarpone cheese OR Nutella, crème brûlée bananas, topped with warm berries & passion fruit sauce)

Coffee was really good too! They do have some limited outdoor seating for when the weather is nice. It's worth the wait if you're thinking about trying this spot out.
Decided to update my review just to say that since I've been coming here, well over a year now, the quality has never gone down...in fact, they've expanded the menu and my "old favorites" are still just as amazing as when I ordered them  over a year ago.

This place has some amazing things that most Philadelphia places don't:
- Excellent quality control (the owners are very involved)
- Consistently fresh ingredients (you can tell they're fussy...and I like that)
- Constant attention to detail. The owner told me she even filters the water for the coffee because it tastes better...that's detail. 
- Friendly atmosphere...whether you are there to get some work done or have a family meal, you never feel rushed, the owners make sure you're having a good experience, and you're almost treated like family. 

I don't know how they do it, but the great things remain great, and the rest just keeps getting better.

These are wonderfully authentic, fresh dishes that make you feel good when you leave...and the owners pay attention that their patrons are treated well. Often you'll see them walking around, recognizing people, and being a part of the ambience. 

It's the best breakfast in Philadelphia...and no one even comes close.
[occasion] -  Sunday brunch. 

[Service] - the restaurant was definitely busy, BUT the staff members still showcased urgency to ensure we get seated before or by the estimated time...in this case they were able to get us to our table (for 6 people, by the way) 10-15 minutes earlier than we anticipated. Everyone was great! 

[Space | Looks] - A little crammed for such a bustling brunch spot, but it felt cozy and with the service moving fast, people were in and out in no time. 

[Food | Drinks] - 

FOOD  // 

[+] Green Shakshuka: this has everything I love in one bowl - sweet potatoes, carbs, brussel sprouts, cauliflower... vegetarian heaven. they give you two slices of bread to dip and it's super delicious! not your conventional brunch dish. 

[+] Pork Belly Fries: thick-cut, well cooked pork belly slices generously topped on french fries. 

[+] Saumon Fumé A Cheval:  pretty much a smoked salmon benedict. nothing crazy out of ordinary, but still filling! comes with a side of egg and arugula salad. 

[+] Brisket Huevos Rancheros: clearly a favorite here and i can see why. it's almost like a deconstructed traditional huevos rancheros and the presentation is just phenomenal. 

[+] Berrylicious Pain Perdu: in my top 3 best french toast experiences. the toasts were so thick and soft and the flavors were perfectly married (fruity, hazel nut nutella, mascarpone cheese, etc). 

[+] Parisian Zá: an open-faced pizza on croissant and the presentation for this dish was probably the best out of everything we ordered. 

[Recommendations] - i honestly would recommend every single dish we had, but if i had to throw some spotlight on specific superstars, it'd have to be the Green Shakshuka and the Berrylicious Pain Perdu french toast. 

[FINAL THOUGHTS] - i say this over and over again, but philly's brunch is always on its A-game and wish that there were more local restaurants like Cafe La Maude in my area.
If you have an appreciation for brunch then this is the place to go. The owner there is very awesome. The wait line moves very quickly. Best of all not only is the food photo opp quality it tastes amazing. This place deserves 1,000 stars
Cafe La Maude has easily become my new favorite breakfast joint. Everything on the menu was so enticing when I went that I had to resist the urge to order three entrees for my small self! My boyfriend and I eventually settled on the petit steak and sweet potato benny. Both were delicious, but my eggs were poached until no longer runny. In my opinion, the chef shouldn't have served the eggs because it is very obvious when they are overcooked ( -1 star).

We also shared a piece of Lebanese semolina cake and a salted caramel macaron. I personally found the semolina cake to be too coarse and light for a dessert, but my boyfriend absolutely loved it. The macaron was tasty, but I'm not sure if I would order it again. I look forward to coming back to try more items on the menu!
I honestly don't know if I've ever had a better breakfast (brunch) than at Cafe La Maude.  I'm writing this review quite a few months late but realized I never gave this place the amazing credit it's due. 

I had the Croque Madame.  While most of the dishes at Cafe La Maude tend to be a little more expensive, the quality and quantity of food you get is well worth it.  I had a little trouble paying over $15 for breakfast until I actually ate it.  I'd probably pay $20 now - but don't tell the owner.  This amazing breakfast was worth it for the bechamel sauce alone, I preferred eating a little bit of everything in every bite because the flavor combinations were superb.  Along with the breakfast I also took home an assortment of macaroons that are as good as they would be in France.  The food that comes out of the kitchen is presented in a true artistic fashion, every dish looks to have been cared for and handmade, another attribution to the price and the overall worth of the meal.  

I absolutely love this place.  Until somebody proves me wrong, I'd make a strong suggestion for this being the best breakfast in the city.  If you're visiting or you just haven't made your way here yet, please do.  You'll be back not long after.
I feel like Cafe La Maude is still relatively unknown.  How is this possible? How does it not get the attention that Honey's and Green Eggs get? I mean I LOVE the fact that there is no ridiculous hour long wait or lines of people waiting to get in for Sunday brunch, but I just don't get it.

The food at Cafe La Maude is fantastic and unique.  Where else can you get hummus, eggs and chorizo all piled together in one dish? Where else can you get a croissant breakfast pizza-ish type thing? They also have sweeter dishes like the amazing key lime french toast. Everything on the menu looks so good that I feel like I must return many times to try it all. 

The space is a lot bigger than it looks, with a large back dining room in addition to the front room and the cute outside tables.  I love the decor, very chic.  And not cutesy-busted 'shabby chic', I mean beautifully decorated with beautiful (marble?) tiled floors. For some reason it took me years to check this place out, but I'm pretty sure I'll become a regular here.
What better way to celebrate this freakishly (and perhaps alarmingly) warm December weather than brunch with friends? Cafe La Maude has long been on my must eat list, and I finally made it out to Northern Liberties to give it a try. Tucked away on a verdant side street, you certainly feel you've been transported to some nook in the French countryside even before you've tasted the excellent fare.

Anyone who has tried the Philadelphia brunch scene on a Sunday afternoon will wince recalling the long lines, the loitering on sidewalks and debates about whether to bag the whole thing and try elsewhere. My friends and I expected no less from this popular spot, already overflowing onto the sidewalk by the time we arrived around 11am. Somehow, though, our wait time for a table was no more than 15 minutes. The owner even came out of the restaurant to find us mulling about in a neighboring flower shop and let us know our table was ready! 

Despite the bustle and high demand, Cafe La Maude manages to make you feel at home with its wholesome, generous menu and unpretentious presentation. All together we shared the Parisian Za (a signature dish, pictured), the Bisteeya, and the N-Liberties (this after much discussion, since everything basically looks amazing). Cafe La Maude is a bit pricier than other brunch go-tos, but the servings are large, fresh, and delectable. The hour or so I spent immersed in tender avocado, perfectly cooked eggs, buttery crisp croissants, savory-sweet almond paste, creamy goat cheese, and more was somewhat a delightful blur. 

All in all, an excellent brunch with lovely atmosphere and unique flavors you won't find elsewhere.
Wow wow wow. I can see why this place has so many reviews! I walked literally miles to come to this place and was so glad this place lived up to the hype. My friend has a dog so we wanted to brunch outdoors. 
This place is situated in a small neighborhood. The interior is European retro.  
We were immediately greeted with water for both us and he puppy. 
We decided to share the green shakshuka (creamy green sauce with perfectly roasted caulliflower, sweet potato bites, 2 eggs and 3 crostinis) and the berrylicious pan perdu (thick cut French toast with glazed bananas: apples: strawberries. We got the marsacapone on the side. It comes with syrup as well buI I didn't use it. It was sweet and perfect on its own) 
Would definitely trek here again.
I actually didn't have a huge expectation for this place, but honestly one of the best brunch spots ever.

I'm not even a big fan of brunch!

The tiramisu pancakes were big enough to share for 4, and not cloyingly sweet which I really appreciated. The lady fingers were a great touch to the dish.

Brisket Huevos Rancheros was creatively plated, and tasted better than it looked. A great portion size, and honestly I would have stopped eating if it didn't taste so good. More than enough for one person 1/2. 

The cordon bleu waffle dish was creative as well, and tasty. Overall, everything I tried here was good and I liked the interior of this cute cafe. 

PS: GET THE CHAI LATTE!!!! it will be the best chai you've had in your life. thank me later
BYOB - must I say more ?! 
But there is so much more to say about Cafe La Maude. Arrived around 930 on a Saturday morning and was seated right away. Not sure if that was because we requested to be seated outdoors, but either way .. my preference was met! Brought in my own champagne and the wait staff took the bottle instead to cork it. ( their policy is to open it, not you) Got the fresh squeezed mango pineapple juice to pair with the champagne and it was yum. Not quite I'm used to, especially for the $12 ticket price, more like a novelty shaped carafe shaped glass, but doesn't take away from the yummyness. Also got a dirty chai and shaved filet of steak shawarma, and those were flavorful as well. 

Crowd definitely starts to pick up around 10am, so be sure to start your day at Cafe La Maude early.
I stopped in here for brunch with a friend.   We arrived quite early on a Sunday and as a result had no problem getting a table.   (I had called ahead but there are no reservations.   However, the server indicated that before 10 or so there should not be a problem.)

We sat at one of the two marble tables near the window which was surprisingly warm for that day.   There is 1/2 booth-1/2 chair seating along the wall and mostly table seating in the rear (where there is limited natural light).   The place has that "cool vibe".   Black and white are the primary colors here with pictures of puppies along the wall in the front.

There are almost too many choices on the menu.  (I peeked before we came and still had problems choosing.)   One is better than the next.   On the breakfast all day, there is a mix of French and Middle Eastern (specifically Lebanese) influences.   We sipped coffee as we struggled with decision and this is the first time I knowingly drank LaColombe coffee.   It is rich and robust, and was very fresh.

We finally decided on the Croque Madame and the Parisian Za.    The latter was suggested by the server as it is one of their more popular selections.   This was overall a well balanced plate with a bit of fruit, a bit of salad, what was to be brioche but tasted like croissant with caramelized onion, ham, and goat cheese - I am a sucker for goat cheese - and two eggs over easy.    These eggs were perfectly cooked in butter with no signed of browning as a result of the eggs being dropped into an overheated pan.  Overall, this was  winner.  

Service was a bit overzealous.   We were asked at least 5 times by three different people how things were.   In the middle of the meal, a person we had yet to encounter decided to rearrange plates and cups for us (square plates do not work very well on small round tables).   Once, I get my plate or coffee cup, please don't touch it until I'm done with it.   It is a pet peeve of mine.  

Once we were done, we were asked if we wanted anything else.   Of course, the question was, "What else do you have?" after we had been sitting and staring a  dessert case of croissant, cookies, and mmmmmmmmmmmmmacarons.     The server started naming the flavors and we stopped her at salted caramel.   We each had one and these were the perfect foil for the coffee.

By this time the place was filled and we were getting that strong hint to leave.  I wanted to stop in the restroom before we left and as I walked to the rear a waitress, without my asking said, "All the way in the back to the right."   I mention this only because as I approached the back of the place I saw these curtains framing an open area to the left and started moving in that direction only to find myself slamming into a floor to ceiling mirror.   The woman waiting to get into the single bathroom giggled, and said, "I did the SAME thing the first time I was here."   So fellow Yelpers, watch out for the mirror all the way in the back on the left.

When I arrived back at the table they had taken my dining partner's coffee cup, but I wasn't leaving mine behind.   Two quick gulps, and we were gone.

There is a sign posted to let you know that this is not the place to bring your laptop or iPad and work as you drink the great coffee.   Eat, pay, and go.  This is understandable but also very obvious.

Food is 5 stars.  Service 4.

Parking here is challenging as this is strictly a residential neighborhood with plenty of residential garages and the driveways eliminate street parking at the driveway apron of the garage.  There is no commercial lot in sight.

So come with someone with a small car or be prepared to walk a bit, but it is definitely worth the effort.
This place is the BEST!! Greeted by the owner & friendly staff! The service is on point here. Refilled water & coffee as soon as it was half empty. The food is delicious, creative & filling! We took the kids and they asked if they could come back every weekend! I had the quatre fromage omelette my husband had the pumpkin, apple, and pecan pancake special. Full of crazy flavors that blend perfectly together. Is it strange that I just left and want to go back??
This is one of my favorite brunch places in the country. We're here regularly! My check ins do not show how many times I've been here! They would be a lot more. 

This place is quieter on the weekdays so if you can make it there then, I'd suggest it!! It's open until 4 and parking is surprisingly easy to find around the nearby streets. However, if you can't make it there until the weekend, definitely expect a wait! But you could order coffee from their cafe while you wait. Also, On another note, when you are done with your food - be courteous - pay and leave yo!! There are people waiting for tables  

Their coffees are delicious. Their chai lattes are one of the best I've ever had and I'm a coffee shop snob ‍. 

Food is great - portions are big but it's so good that you'll finish it all. But if you like to try different things, order a couple of dishes and do family style! 

The pancakes are definitely for the sweet tooth. They have so many flavors that all go so well together. 

Some of my favorites brunch dishes are the chicken and waffles, Mediterranean platter, lamp chops, and petit steak. 

Chicken and waffles are a twist to the traditional ones - they have eggs and sauces - and I actually get them with no ham so I assume they're even better with ? ‍ chicken is nice and crispy - not soggy! 

Mediterranean platter is a great option for when you're hungry but not starving. It has hummus, labne, zatar pita, eggs, and veggies! And you're basically putting things together or eating them separately. I loveeee it! Everything just goes so well.   The labne is creamy, hummus is light and yummmmy, and zatar pita is just delish! There's a small piece of grilled halloumi hiding on the plate tooo - if you're a halloumi fan, you may want to ask for more. 

Lamp chops! So, some of the best chops ever! They are cooked so well AND most importantly, there is so much meat on each chop. I usually find lamp chops to never have enough leaving me to want more. It comes with eggs and grits, which are more on the saucy side than creamy so you're basically dipping and or covering the chop pieces in the sauce and enjoying it like that. 

If you're familiar with shakshuka, their's is a bit more runny than I've had at other places. So, it just depends on what you like. 

The petit steak is an interesting mix of ingredients. Eggs, steak, potatoes, veggies, apples and mangoes!! And then with sauces and truffle oil and balsamic vinaigrette! And it all goes really well together. I'd say the The steak pieces are cooked well, which would be too cooked if eating alone, but it works with this dish. 

The Mediterranean burrito is a very large and filling dish. However, I've proudly finished all of mine on several occasions. It has your standard burrito ingredients except it's on a open face pita - but it's all very flavorful!
Went here for New Year's day brunch. So glad that I went here instead of Honey's down the street. What a quaint, homey place. This place takes on french and middle eastern flavors and serves great food. Gabby (I think that's how you spell his name) the owner was so welcoming and visited every table to say hi and check in! The wait staff was also very attentive and kind. I had the Sweet Potato Benny. The sweet potato hash was warm and had bits of meat in it - so good. The hollandaise sauce was probably one of the best hollandaise sauces I've ever had, and I've had my share of eggs benedict. They serve the regular eggs benedict on top of a croissant. Tons of options for brunch including salads, sandwiches, brunch-ie food, etc. You can also order baked goods at the register up front. 

There is also seating in the back. I believe they take reservations because two big parties came in and sat in that back area. They also don't take AMEX. $10 min on credit cards. BYOB! Can't wait to come back!
Oh man, this is probably one of my favorite spots in Philly to go to for breakfast. It gets extremely crowded, but the staff really knows how to move and are on top of everything. They work as a team and it definitely works.

I have tried savory, sweet, and things off of their daily specials. I must say that nothing ever disappointed. The chicken and waffles is one of my go to dish here. It's served with this amazing sauce and the chicken is so flavorful. It's not your standard chicken and waffles. It comes with ham in it too. Mmmm, drooling just thinking about it. Oh, don't forget about their fresh juices and amazing coffee.

The last time we were here, the owner was there. He's soooo nice and really gets involved with helping and directing. I do appreciate someone that can get his hands dirty along with his workers.

I can't wait to be back and experience more items.
I should not even have to justify this rating with a review. I used to go to honeys (about 3 or 4 years ago) until one day I picked up a rue la la voucher for this place. That week I came back two more times, and I have not been anywhere else for brunch/breakfast in the city since. This is the ONLY place in the city where you can be made to feel like part of a family and eat the best food you have ever had at the same time. 

Everything on the menu is amazing; however, if you have not tried the caramel late or the hot chocolate I strongly recommend both. Also be adventurous when you go and try something different on the menu! If you are unsure what to get just ask someone behind the counter.
Great service and food! Without telling them it was my birthday, the manager had overhead and gave me free macaroons. Everyone I went with loved their food and the size of the portions was worth the money. Would definitely recommend this place!
Honestly, this was one of the best brunches I've ever had and that's saying a lot, because I love brunch and I've eaten at places all over Philly.

First of all, the service was great. You should expect to wait for a while for a table, especially on the weekends, but the staff are super friendly and move things along as quickly as possible. They are a well-oiled machine! They are very kind and accommodating as well and are very conscious that guests are there to eat and are having to wait.

Second, the food is simply superb. The number of options is overwhelming, but in a good kind of way that will just keep me coming back over and over. The food came out very quickly and was fresh, hot and delicious.

Lastly, they did a great job with COVID safety. My friend and I were sat inside, which I was a little nervous about initially, but once inside I could see that all the tables were plenty spaced out. All employees wear masks and there are individual bottles of sanitizer at each table. All guests are asked to wear their masks unless they are sitting down at their table.

Overall, it was a great experience and one that I can't wait to repeat again soon!
I knew I had to try this place when I saw their unique menu and fabulous food pics on Yelp! I am so glad I went. The atmosphere, service and food are undeniably the reason for the awesome reviews and high demand for a table for brunch on the weekend.

The husband and I brought champagne and ordered a carafe of grapefruit juice. I also ordered a cappuccino because they look so lovely in the pictures. My cappuccino looked pretty and tasted even better.

I ordered the Green Shakshuka and the husband ordered the Brisket Huevos Rancheros. Both plates were beautifully presented, hot and delicious. I would have loved to try one of their pastries fot dessert but I was way too full. I will definitely be back!
Complete needle in a haystack. I found this restaurant via yelp due to the great reviews. After broswing the menu I decided that I most definitely had to try this place.

BEST DECISION I'VE MADE IN A WHILE BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS AHHH-MAZING!!!

I sincerely anticipated that it would be everything I hoped and wished for. They have outside seating, which is a plus, but not on a super hot day. For being such a small establishment, the menu is EXTENSIVE. I was shocked. It may be overwhelming to some, but not me. I need options, and they give them to you. The seating is close, but it is a café. They also have another room for seating in another room which you may not see at first. I don't know if this is policy, but we seated ourselves which was no issue at all.

And this establishment is BYOB!

I pregamed. I searched and reviewed the menu before hand. I ordered the Berrylicious Pain Perdu. This was RIGHT up my alley.

Our food came out relatively fast. My dish was PERFECT. All od the differenr fruit flavors fused together with the sweetness of the cheese, delicious. I ordered a side of turkey bacon, which i greatly appreciated that it was even available. That, could have been cooked more, but that's my bad for not asking for it to be fried hard. I tasted my friends sweet potato hash, and it was also very tasty. We had brought champagne to have mimosas. We ordered pitchers of OJ, which could have been bigger for the price, but the orange juice was fresh, and scrumptious... sooo who cares! 

The container to chill the bottles was a tad small. Our bottle barely fit in it. But one of the employees came over and said she'd have to order bigger ones so that all bottle sizes could be accommodated. When they tried to ice our bottle all of the water from the ice spilled everywhere. They cleaned it up super fast. very attentive.

Our server told us it was his first day. When it was time to pay, he somehow swiped my card twice. Once for my transaction, and once for another. I notcied this not long after i left. I called, told them what the problem was, and they took all of my information, and told me that someone else would be calling me. When i did talk to this lady, she was nice and said they'd review their transactions to give me a refund if they were at fault. This was on a Monday. She called me back Wednesday to tell me they were indeed at fault, and my card was being refunded. 

GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE! No bitterness on my end, and i completely plan on returning.

PS: All of you Green Eggs Café fans... this places compares, and KNOCKS the competition out of the roof. Wayyy better than GEC, and a wayyyy bigger menu. More space, and faster service. Definitely worth trying.

***2nd visit a week later Labor Day***

We had about an hr's wait. They chilled my bottle for me as we waited to be seated. The owner and his wife are what every business owner should be. Hospitable, kind, and they deliver EXCELLENT customer service. They talk to their customers, not on a business level, but on a friendly note. Like they appreciate your business. They stopped at our table numerous times just for small talk even tho it was super busy. That alone will keep me coming back.

This visit I insisted that my family come with me to experience this greatness. Our food took a little ling coming out, so what did they do? They gave us a free appetizer. I had the salmon burger which was DELICIOUS. The food is uncomparable to any other Mediterranean food places. Why? BECAUSE IT IS AUTHENTIC. I wouldn't be surprised if they have their mothers back in the kitchen cooking. Knowing my name from when i checked in for a table, I'm walking down the street and the owner comes running after me calling my name. I had forgotten my sunglasses. And he went out of his way and chased me down. 

I had a Salmon burger, which was so delicious. It had ginger coleslaw, which was nothing short of amazing. Also try the macaroons! Especially the passion fruit ones!
Excellent excellent breakfast here. It is a complete plate, a complete experience. The menu is huge, intimidating, but I did right with the N Liberties. The only negative, and this is a big consideration, is that the prices are very high. For my breakfast and coffee, it came out to over $20. That's more than I prefer to spend, but it is surprisingly worth it.
We came here after dinner expecting to just grab a drink on our way home. I didn't realize what a great crepe place this was! I created my own with strawberry Nutella and chocolate. Others ordered off the menu. Regardless, we all loved ours! Their cocktails were good too! Check this place out. Enjoy!
i'm going to keep this review quick and to the point.

If you are reading this review, you owe it to your pallet, your tummy, your soul, your self being and hopefully to the love of your life and/or your best friend, to go to this place and order something/anything from their menu. I was craving their food on the ride home, 15 minutes after i left them. 

Yeah, its that good. Stop reading, grab the car keys and go.
YUM.  I could just stop with 5 stars and a most enthusiastic "YUM"....However, that would not give Cafe La Maude the praise it deserves!  

I'll keep it short...
Pancakes were perfect and the fruit was so fresh!  Seriously, do they have an organic farm in some back room?  Woah.  Sweet potato Benny was so delicious, along with the fruit accompanying it.  All the flavors on this spin of a Benedict were seamlessly meshed.  The dish was heavy and light, in sync.  
Plenty of regulars were stopping in for takeout and giving warm hello's to the managers and staff.  If I still lived in the neighborhood I'd be here frequently for the freshest food and coffee I've had in quite some time.  The staff is friendly, attentive, and seemingly hard-working:).  Thanks, for an awesome brunch at 3pm on a Thursday;)
Addictive salads.  Great service.  Elegant interior.  I'm hooked.  

The downside is it's a little pricey for an everyday lunch (at least on my budget).  I had my favorite salad (De Maison), and it was just shy of $13.  However, this is the creme de la creme of salads in my book.  I can't even adequately describe the chopped deliciousness of the veggies, the amazing tang of the dressing, the creamiest hummus ever on top and the tastiest marinated grilled chicken, oh my.

I spied on multiple dishes coming out of the kitchen, and everything looks fantastic.  You are paying for quality food, so I'm not even complaing about the price.  In fact, for brunch I would consider it very reasonable.  Skip the wait next door & head here on a weekend.  Thank me later.
Cafe La Maude makes me very nostalgic for my European travels.  This cafe will immediately transport you to some quaint yet chic cafe in Paree.  So authentic you'll forget that cheesesteaks are sold in the same city.

I absolutely love the decor.  Classy and sophisticated.

The cafe au lait was great...and didn't make my stomach hurt :-) ( like most coffee drinks)

But the icing on the cake was the homemade baklava--Sweet, Buttery, Succulent.

The owners are very sweet and welcoming too.  I hope Cafe La Maude is here to stay.  Luv this place!

Oh!  And there's Dependable Free Wi-Fi.  Nice!
Came here for brunch a few times and have to say the food is somewhat inconsistent.

My first meal here was absolutely positively amazing. I didn't even understand what i was ordering, but I didn't care because everything was delicious. I was so impressed I came again the following week, ordered 2 of the same items from last time, and was so shocked at how different the dishes tasted. This time, the waffles came out stale, and my hot sandwich came out ice cold. Even the plates were decorated differently. 

My 2 experiences average to 4 stars. However, I hope the norm is the amazing-ness it was my first time around, and if so, then you can order any item off the menu and you will be more than satisfied.
after a thorough yelp search, settled on cafe la maude as my first brunch stop in philly and I would definitely recommend checking out this spot.

the decor inside is great, very cute vibe but it's pretty small so I wouldn't come with a huge huge party (granted, there is an area in the back that I didn't get to see so not sure if they have larger tables there). The wait when we got there around 11 on a Saturday was about 45 min/hour which I thought was not bad considering we were getting there at a peak time. The restaurant is BYO so we ventured to the nearby wine & spirits shop to pick up a bottle of champagne (*pro-tip: if you're looking to build your own mimosas, juice has to be bought from the restaurant so just bring champagne!). 

Once we were inside, the servers are super attentive and it's clear they're looking to turnover tables quickly to continue feeding hungry customers! I particularly laud this spot for some innovative brunch options vs the typical eggs/bacon/etc. It's a great fusion of Lebanese and French inspired food which provided great flavor profiles and colorful dishes. I'm always looking to get away from the typical brunch dishes and this place definitely does what they do very well. They also have a good number of vegetarian (potentially vegan..) dishes which I thought was very inclusive. The main dishes are all slightly under $20 which I felt was a little pricey but still well within the typical-brunch range.

this is definitely not a spot to sit around and chat, I definitely felt the push to eat and go which I completely understand as a hot brunch spot. there seems to be plenty of street parking in the area and the owner?/manager/main host is a very fun and hilarious guy so only proves to make the meal more enjoyable.
Super cute brunch spot up in Northern Liberties with seating outdoors during warm weather. I liked it so much the first time that I brought my friend when she visited from out of town. I highly recommend the Berrylicious Pain Perdu. I order it with the mascarpone cheese, and I'm a huge fan of the creme brûléed bananas which add great texture. I wish they could have creme bruleed the whole dish. If they could combine this with the Green Eggs Cafe creme brûlée French toast that would be literal perfection. 
The Brisket Huevos Rancheros is my go to savory dish. The brisket is tender and flavorful, and I love the guac with the chips on the side.
The dishes here are so photogenic with artful presentations. This is a good place to take someone for brunch if you're aiming to impress. Only downside is it is on the pricier side and a ways out from the city.
Best brunch in the city. Been going here for years, food always delivers. Everyone I've ever brought here likes the food. Parisian Za, N Liberties and Croque Maude are my favorites. Most of the dishes are served with a small salad and fruits which are always fresh and delicious. The place is quite small and there's usually a wait on the weekends. Either go early in the morning or late afternoon if you want to avoid the wait. The owner is always great and friendly, he seems to remember most of his customers. Staff is helpful and nice. It's BYOB.
I wish I lived nearby to come back here! But omg the breakfast here is delicious! I had an eggwhites with fried cauliflower & hashbrowns. It was great!! I wish I can't try the other omelettes on the menu. But unfortunately I live 2 hrs away in ny! Lol
BYOB brunch and the food is tasty and the staff are quick and nice! Had too great of a brunch here with 4 of us. They do not take reservations, but going later in the day with a larger group saw us sitting quickly. I'm sure it's easy to get seated with a date :')  Shakshuka was awesome and so was this dish called Parisian 'Za. Portions were large enough to split but easy to finish yourself. I'm recommending Cafe La Maude for hardcore brunchers, dedicated breakfast dates, and those who want something delicious but are too lazy to make it themselves.
We haven't been here since cold winter, found out open more seating in back!!:)
Very busy, but the food & coffee were superb. We got French toast with marscapone cheese & fruit& they bruleed the banana's & oranges!!
Awesome!!!!!!.
One of our favorites!!
If it weren't for the hour plus wait for a table for two at 1 pm on a Sunday i would probably give a five star review. 

We arrived and were told we would have a 35 minute wait for a table. We drove into town especially for this place so we decided to wait.  An hour and ten minutes later we were finally seated.

We ordered the Parisian zá and the Berrylicious pain perdu . 

The Pain perdu was very good. Perfect brioche pain perdu, stuffed with just enough Nutella, delicious carmelized bananas, warm berry and passion fruit sauce drizzle and a nice whipped cream. Perfect plating 

The Parisian zá was delicious. Fries (read cubes of fried potato topped with what i think was zatar seasoning) were tasty. The croissant topped with caramelized onion, avocado, and warm goat cheese wrapped in French ham with a truffle oil drizzle was excellent. The petit side salad was refreshing and perfectly dressed.  The sunny side up egg was perfectly cooked, and the little bit of fresh fruit was cleansing at the end. 

One slight disappointment was the "fresh juice". I got a pomegranate which was cloyingly sweet and doubtfully fresh. When peddling fresh juice, make sure it really is. Fresh pomegranate would be much less sweet, and not syrupy. 

We will return, but probably not on a Sunday as it was just too busy and although an excellent meal, i don't know if a very well prepared breakfast is worth the wait we encountered.  

See you some weekday for lunch, Cafe La Maude.
In town for some R&R and decided to try something new.  I found this place due to the high rated reviews.  

I arrived with my party of 3 and were seated quickly.  The place has a great feel the staff have amazing energy. 

Our server Aaron had the biggest smile and made awesome suggestions for the food. We eventually ordered 

Salmon Egg Benedict with cream cheese and avocado. 

Gaufre Chicken Cordon bleu (French chicken & waffles topped with some amazing creamy sauce)

Lastly the Palmito was a refreshingly breaded chicken salad with creamy soy avocado vinaigrette. 

Everything was so well portioned and flavorful.  We practically shared the three meals just so everyone could enjoy that deliciousness 

10/5 stars I can't wait to dine her again.
Depending on the staff you get, your experience can be wildly different.  There are a couple of guys that have been in good spirits each time I've been there, but a weekend younger female barista and the female owner/manager are awful on the regular.  Snarky, disparaging comments, condescending attitudes in response to simple questions.  They seem to have missed the memo that they are in the food service industry and part of that is being professional and courteous.  

The first time we were there, we sat down after they showed us our table.  Then we got attitude that we're supposed to order and pay at the counter before sitting down.  Uh, ok.  Duh, stupid customers.

Another time, my father got the ice when he asked if he could add toast to his brunch.  Uh, ok. Whatever. Weird but not a deal-ender.

The last time, we brought my Pisces Midwestern Minister mother when she was visiting and when the female owner approached and asked my mom how she liked her food, my mom said that she was disappointed in the Eggs Benedict, but that it was ok.  Then my mom got raked over the coals.  The owner pounced on the opportunity, ridiculed my mother, yelled at her.  Super awesome.  The whole restaurant stopped.  We were embarrassed.  We'll never be back.

The owner said the meal was on her.  Ha!  You have to pay before you get your meal.
Know how the restaurant works before you've ever been there or risk attitude and ridicule.  Other than that it is GREAT!!! (insert glitter and stars and happy faces)
Cute brunch place located in fishtown aka northern liberties. I came here on a Sunday with a group of people and we waited ~30min or less but I saw the line just growing longer as time went on. We came around ~11:30am. Get there early Sunday to get a table otherwise there's usually an hour wait usually.

I got the Parsian Zá ($17)- Open-face croissant topped with goat cheese wrapped in ham and sprinkled with some avocado and caramelized onions. Served with two eggs (your choice of style). It also comes with a side of potatoes and mini salad. The eggs were average but the French ham with goat cheese inside tastes really good!!! Excellent combination of flavors!!! I really liked this dish. Everyone else I was with loved their dishes too. I tried a bite of the steak and it was super juicy and flavorful as well. It's a decent amount and I was pretty full when I left. 

I really like their French Lebanese brunch concept. The presentation for all the dishes were really nice and the food quality is really good!! 

I also got Pomegranate Juice- Fresh!!!!!! This was really good!!!!! On the sweeter side just fyi but SO SO GOOD. They also put it into a to-go cup if you can't finish it....I thought this was really nice. For $3.25 you get a decent amount of juice! If they sold this juice separately in gallons I'd buy it!!

TLDR: Great brunch place in Philly! Try the freshly squeezed juices!
This French and Lebanese-influenced cafe is one of a kind, nestled in the heart of NoLibs. They're open all week from 7am-4pm so it's brunch all day, err day, baby!!

But really, when you don't want to wait till the weekend for a hearty brunch with the mimosa squad (btw it's BYOB), Cafe la Maude is a solid choice. 

If you do decide to venture out on a weekend, be warned oh intrepid adventurer, that the wait can get real lengthy during those peak brunch hours (11-3). My group of four arrived at 9am to avoid the rush and we were seated immediately, but by the time we finished our meal at 10am, the entire cafe had filled up.
I am horrified. This place had lovely coffee, and we were sitting with friends for approximately 20 minutes, awaiting a table at honey's and enjoying our lattes.  The owner actually asked us to LEAVE because we were "costing him business" by not eating.  However, no one was waiting for a table- so in the end, it was just extremely disrespectful and rude.  It's a shame, because the food looked good, and it is a pleasant looking cafe.
Best brunch in Philadelphia. This is a newer place, unfortunately not frequented as much as Honey's which is at the corner of the street. The owner and his wife (who does most of the cooking) are both extremely pleasant. It's a small, quaint, but well decorated place with a nice feel. They serve La Colombe coffee, and it's well brewed. I've had a latte and drip, both are quite good for a brunch place (as opposed to a dedicated coffee shop). 

The food is amazing. Whether sweet or savory, there's a good option and it's beautifully plated. I've tasted the enfrijolada, open mediterranean burrito, foul mamalade, and the french toast. All awesome. 

Even better, the wait isn't that bad!
I think I'm feeling 3.5 stars , but ugh thats not an option.

So I heard about this place in the strangest way. ALAS! I have to answer all sorts of sketchy calls from life. I live off of that shit.

This was where I lost my northern liberties virginity, promising I would explore more of Philly this summer and was done being foreign. I checked out the place on yelp and seemed pretty neat, right down my brunch alley [who can resist a victorian-type wallpaper?], and the mix of the two cuisine definitely had me intrigued!

They carry La Colombe coffee, which to me is always a good sign, but then again as a Latte drinker, it really depends on your barista too. The latte turned out pretty damn good, won't lie, as I am especially hard to please when it comes to coffee. Almost ordered a salad but then the devil in me wanted bread and something new, so I ordered the shrimp sandwich, forgot what the real name it, but it was VERY good, full of shrimps! Got a fresh tomato gazpacho on the side...would not recommend it, kinda bland. My friend ordered the 2eggs with Gruyere cheese and potatoes. Potatoes were to DIE for, wish i stole some more from him. Only complaint, it was inundated with cheese, maybe a little less so we could find the egg? 

I liked the atmosphere. It was one of those place where I could choose to be casual, or if I'm feeling fancy, I could roll with that too!I do have a weakness for fancy brunches! I would like to go back, but just never got around to it. For the price, I guess I was looking to be wowed a tad more? Not sure, something just did not add up, probably the guy talking about wrestling next to us, killed the whole warm and fuzzy feeling os summer :/  I liked how they had little pastries and macaroons all over the store and the open doors looking out the street and outdoor seating is definitely charming. 

I would say go check it out, if you don't absolutely love it, you will definitely have a good enough time :]
OMG!!! This is the hidden jewel is EVERYTHING! I found Cafe La Maude through Philly's Yelp Elite Favorite list, and I'm so glad I found it. It's a quaint place, but it is PACKED with people. That tells you already that the food is amazing! We waited about 40mins but it was absolutely worth it! The owner was super friendly and even gave us complimentary baklava that was AMAZING! The food is filling and it's definitely hard to choose one thing! The serving sizes are very generous as well! This my go to spot when I am in Philly! Everything about it is great!
Food is amazing !! ... I love the combinations of flavors ... clearly the chef is very talented .... one of the best chai lattes I have ever tasted  and the service is always friendly and welcoming ... one of our favorites.
Wow, Café La Maude is great. The two of us went for a BYO brunch on a Saturday around 11. They initially told us the wait would be 20-30 mins, but we sat down in less than 10. It's a tight squeeze for sure but nothing out of the ordinary for the city, and the walls are lined with comfy booth seating. 

The menu is huge, including the typical brunch items with a French/Mediterranean twist, and so much more. We went with the Green Shakshuka and the Brie, Candian Bacon and Avacado Eggs Benedict. Both were incredible, the Green Shakshuka was a lovely blend of eggs, fried veggies, feta, in a tahini sauce.

The menu is too expensive to make this a frequent brunch spot for me, but Café la Maude is perfect for when you're looking to treat yourself!
Oh... Oh My. My brunch world just got turned upside down.

So, you can go and wait 1.5 hours down the street at Honey's (not that there's anything wrong with that), or you can stroll by all of the throngs of 20-30 somethings and take a seat in a seriously charming little French bistro. Not saying there was no wait at all, but with a super small dining area, there were really no more than a handful of people waiting at any one time during prime brunch hours on Sunday morning.

The walls have adorable wallpaper accented with a black chair rail and ornately framed paintings of the owners dog (who, I am told, is frequently present in the cafe). There are little high top black tables, small marble tiles on the floor, and sweet French-countryside-esque banquets holding coffee accoutrements, water pitchers, and the sweet handmade, eclectic coffee mugs which serve your perfectly brewed La Colombe roast.

On one end of the bar, logically, the end facing the large glass windows overlooking 4th St, you'll find homemade pastries and cookies in little glass domes: shortbread cookies, baklava, rugelach, and something chocolate that I probably should've bought so I could figure out what it was. They don't make the croissants in house, but it doesn't really matter--they are perfect. 

The couple that owns this place is there waiting on you hand and foot. They are kind, attentive, and make you feel like family. They'll stop by frequently enough that you are never left needing anything. Also, they are super kind to their regulars. 

When you sit, you are handed a small clipboard with the daily specials, which includes about 6-8 different plates. This is in addition to the very expansive French-Mediterranean choices that are regulars, written on the mirrored board above the bar. The options, as mentioned, are a good mix of classic French food with some Mediterranean flavors thrown in for good measure. I am told the food is French-Lebanese. I had an open faced sandwich called the "N-Liberties," two english muffins topped with hummus, avocado, fried jalapenos, caramelized onions, crumbled sausage, all topped with a fried egg. Oh and with potato pancakes on the side as well. It was absolutely to die for. My dining partners finished most every bite on their plate--a croque madame made to order with scrambled eggs instead of over easy (they will accommodate every request), and a Mediterranean open faced burrito the size of my face.

I love this place. I wanna come back every weekend. Actually, I wanna quit working normal day hours so that I can become a regular and just chill out with a perfect coffee, and a perfect pastry while doing whatever it is people do while sitting all day in coffee shops. Yeah, until now, I never wanted to be those people. This place makes me want to sit inside it all the time and become those people.
This place earned the title "best brunch place" in my heart! :) After finding this place on yelp, I've always wanted to come here and try their food. The reviews don't lie! This restaurant is terrific! It's not like any other brunch place in Philly. The presentation/food/service is PHENOMENAL. The food is colorful, arranged beautifully, and most importantly, tastes great. 

My boyfriend and I ordered the Mediterranean Platter and the Gaufre Chicken Cordon Bleu. The Mediterranean Platter was a healthy choice that fills you up. The Gaufre Chicken was an amazing take on the chicken and waffles. Both dishes came out fast and at the same time. We loved what we ordered and we will definitely come back soon! 

As an Instagramer who hunts down breakfast/brunch places to take foodie pictures at, this place by far has the best setting and food presentation I've seen in a long while. They're very creative with how they plate (with different plate textures,etc). With a visit to this cafe, you'll definitely be adding your meal into your camera roll (: !!
Cafe La Maude is the perfect confluence of French, Mediterranean, Turkish and Portugese love. The menu is laden with croques of various compositions, pastries filled with jams of pretentious names and croissants so flakey that if they weren't a food product, you'd send them a bottle of Head and Shoulders stat.

Diet coke in bottles, typical European fancy orange soda drinks and a coffee concoction list as long as the runway in Milan, delicious drinks are plentiful and can be adapted to any time of day. 

The decor is cute - good for reading, studying or just pretending you live somewhere cooler, sexier and a bit more lux than Center City Philadelphia...somewhere where smog is a nonsensical term and shaving isn't a necessity. 

It's also adorable that there's a short, fat, spunky puppy running around.
Owner and wait staff were incredibly rude. The coffee and pastries are good, but the staff could not be more unwelcoming.
Loved this place. I can't believe I've been in Philadelphia for 3 years and haven't been here yet. The owner explained the menu to us and made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into. The Parisian Za was amazing and the Berrylicious Pain Perdu was really good for sharing. The service was awesome and attentive (we were here on a Monday morning). Only complaint is that the mirrors near the bathroom are too clean because the girlfriend ran into her reflection and apologized to it before walking into the mirror again.
One of the most interesting brunch places I've gone to in a really long time. My first impression when I hear Cafe La Maude, was that it was going to be a traditional nice brunch, but it was, for lack of better term, very exotic. It was a mixture between French and Lebanese food. 

They have a huge variety for their brunch, everything you'll get on the menu is very photogenic and very balanced (as in you get enough of everything on your plate). Prices for each plate was reasonably priced between $15-$18 per plate of A LOT of food. 

There is a long waiting time, more so because we were a group of 6 coming in on a Sunday morning/noon. We waited for around an hour and eventually got our seats in the back (which are roomier than the front of the restaurant). 

Service was great. We had 2 servers that took turns making sure we were okay and they made sure make small conversations with us and gave us their opinions on what was good and what was popular (which helped A LOT). 

The owner, I believe, made sure to talk to us towards the end of our meal. I thought that was really nice and more restaurants should do that. I believe that it's important to interact with all your customers, even if it's for a minute or two. He talked to us like we were locals (we sort of are...not really) and made sure to greet us as we left. 

Honestly if you're in the Philly area, this is a great place to go to and definitely worth the wait. The food was great and the place was very homey. I would definitely go again for the good food and the amazing atmosphere.
We don't do many reviews here at Phillytodo.com, but we had to let you guys know about this place.

Cafe La Maude is the little hidden cafe right next to Honey's sit and eat (more like stand and wait)  in Northern Liberties. 

One day, after waiting in line at Honey's for over an hour, we noticed this little place. Wow, what a GREAT find! 

Excellent, Service, Decor, and food! This is so hard to find in Philly. The triple threat!

This French-Lebanese Fusion cafe has officially made it to our "100 things to do in philly" list! 

We would highly recommend this place! Take a trip to Nor Libs! You won't be disappointed.

(Also, published on Google)
Oh my gosh I don't even know where to start with how amazing this place was. We don't usually venture to this part of the city but when we saw how stinking cute this place was, I knew we were going to be happy to be here. We were a group of 3 this morning around 10 AM on a Saturday and walked right in.. something that we were certainly so happy about when we left and noticed the line out the door and pouring into the streets. I had the chicken sandwich, and we also tried the heuvos and grilled cheese. All three had so. Much. Flavor. It was awesome. And we loved the fresh mango pineapple juice. Love love love. This is definitely a place to bring out of town-ers to really show that Philly does know how to do brunch
On our Memorial Day weekend in Philly, we stopped by here for brunch before checking out the rest of the city. Its a quaint, bustling little cafe. We were fortunate to be able to nab a seat outside. We felt like we were on the sidewalk of a European bistro!

We ordered the Sweet Potato Benny and the Parisian Za, both of which were wholesome and satisfying. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. On passing, the sandwich portions were generous too. The waitstaff were attentive and friendly.

A true hidden secret of Philly!
We had a delicious brunch here yesterday. We came expecting a long wait for brunch since the weather was beautiful and it was a busy Sunday morning, and they told us it would be around 35-40 minutes to be seated. It really ended up only being 20 minutes before we got a table, which was a pleasant surprise! Just be sure you have your entire party there to be seated or they won't seat you. 

The food was really delicious and the outdoor setup is great. The tables were well spaced and they had hand sanitizer on every table. My only tiny complaint was that we felt a bit rushed -- we had four waiters in 5 minutes asking to take our plates -- but I understand that times are really tough for restaurants and they were eager to sit their long line of waiting customers. 

Overall, the food was fantastic and the outdoor ambience is top notch.
tldr: Delicious blend of French and Lebanese you didn't know you needed in your life

While the atmosphere and service is nothing to gawk at, the food is absolutely perfect. They thoughtfully construct an array of dishes that combine French and Lebanese cuisine that balances the delicate technique of French breakfasts with the rich flavors of Lebanese. I'll be dreaming of this food for weeks to come. It's a must-stop if you're in the Philly area looking for brunch.
Visiting Philly for the weekend and went in for brunch on Saturday.  and  we made the right choice with this restaurant. Cafe La Maude doesn't take reservations so be ready to wait. We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table for two at 10:30 am. Ordered the shawarma, Gaufre chicken cordon blue( which translates to amazing chicken and waffle, with a touch of cordon blue,for those who like southern food) and Berrylicious Pain Perdu. Yes, two people ordered 3 meals and ate all three meals. Everything was amazing
Stopped in for breakfast and I had the Guafre Chicken and Waffles. It was incredible! The potatoes were seasoned beautifully with a mix of spices that gave a perfect blend of flavors with a hint of sweetness. The homemade chicken and waffle, fried egg on top with an awesome mustardy hollandaise. This is a much better interpretation of a classic dish than I've had in the past at different restaurants. The cafe style decor and wall of portraits depicting some of the most beautiful actresses in history like Sofia Loren and Brigitte Bardot provided good talking pieces while waiting for food. The service was great, the owner was very nice and made sure to introduce himself to us. Hopefully he heeds our advice one day and opens up in bucks county cause we desperately need good food here. Awesome experience all around, an easy 5 stars!
