During my last review I failed to mention a lot of the food, which is a shame since it's probably my favorite thing about Ole. So considering I'll probably be devouring one of their epic sandwiches and enjoying one of their Iced teas (free refills!) before I take to the streets for First Friday, I figured I'd give it a noble do over.

I recommended the European Grilled Cheese Sandwich last time. And with with 4 different kinds of cheese melted down together it certainly doesn't disappoint ever. But they also have an amazing sandwich that hooked up brie with apples! and their chicken salad and tuna salad is pretty impressive in their own right. while you can choose between free chips or a salad to go with your meal, you'd be foolish not to go with the homemade Greek salad!

And to think all of this time I failed to realize that Ole was a La Colombe coffeehouse. But really that's OK to me, because that only makes it the most distinct and pleasant one of the bunch.
Cafe Ole is a great place to take your laptop and get some work done while enjoying some yumariffic coffee and tasty food. It's such a neighborhood coffee shop - every time I go there I run into at least one person I know. And that pleases me. 

The staff is always friendly and the music is good. And they also have one of the cleanest bathrooms in Old City. Priceless.
Iced tea aficionados are well-served at Cafe Olé, who keep two brews topped up and ready to be garnished with fresh mint and lemon on hand at all times. 

Since I'm not a coffee drinker, iced tea gets me going in the warm months.  Having an actual choice between brewed elixirs -- green tea or black -- that are both free of corn syrup/sugar is a rare thrill indeed.  Free refills provide the sweetening of the deal. 

In addition, the food here is much better, and healthier, than standard coffee shop fare.  There's pastries, to be sure, but also lovely homemade hummus with pita and cuke salad, wrap and panini sandwiches heavy on vegetables and things like grilled chicken and a few salads to choose from.  The girls working the counter have always been sweet as punch, and give appreciative "thank you"s when you drop them a tip.
Live blogging my Cafe Ole experience:

So here I sit, a non-fat latte in my belly and a cup of hot, freshly-made lentil soup on the table before me. My friend is tappity-tapping on her computer to my right thanks to the free wi-fi and I am doing the same at this great seat by the window (even though every time the door opens it feels like an arctic blast). 

It is packed. PACKED, I tell you. And noisy, except that no matter what the decibel level seems to be I can still hear what sounds like Israeli Enya meets techno blaring from the speakers. And I'm not really digging that. But people are lined up for the fresh sandwiches, salads and what looks to be fresh iced tea. Yum.

However, from my perch I just noticed that they have a sticker on their front door that says "People Love Us on Yelp." And it's true. There is a lot of love here for these guys. 

Not exactly the place I want to find myself working out of every day, but today it's doing the trick. And my belly thanks them for the lentil soup. Finally, I'm eating something healthy.
Was around the Old City area, and stumbled upon Cafe Ole. It was packed when I walked through the doors, all the seats and tables were full of customers who seemed to be enjoying themselves. Coffee was good, Not much of a wow factor of coffee. I think my Keurig at home could have brewed a coffee similar or better then here.
The raspberry iced tea is beyond delicious. And, it comes unsweetened, so I can add all the pink packet chemicals I want with no extra calories! The option to add fresh lemon and mint leaves is just frosty icing on the cake. 

The lunch options I spied looked absolutely delish, and I'll surely return to check them out. If it's a nice day, the tables and chairs outside provide excellent people-watching. So glad I was turned on to this new-to-me gem in Old City!
You know what? I love Cafe Ole. Simply put.

I work out at Ironworks across the street and while I do so, at any hour, I always see tons of people going in and out of cafe ole. Since it's been pretty nice out, a lot of people have been sitting outside too but since this is Philly that will soon change ha! So onto the food.

 I've had most of their sandwiches here. All of which are delicious. My fav is the Grilled Chicken. Mix that with the BEST iced green tea and you have yourself a wonderful meal. I think the prices are average. Sandwich and iced tea for around 8 dollars. I think it's cheaper after 6pm til close or something. 

The atmosphere is nice inside, very small, feels homey. The people who work there are pretty nice as well. I think they have wifi, not 100% sure on this. It is sort of a louder atmosphere so if you want to do work you should bring earphones. 

If you're in old city and want a quick coffee or lunch or dinner, this is def the spot.
If you don't mind walking past the crowded outside seating, littered with olde city folk (you know, the people who somehow have hours to waste, mid-day, chatting at a coffee joint), you might survive the ridiculous line of tourists and regulars (who hate each other, let's admit it) and the even more ridiculous attitude (or lack thereof?) of the completely apathetic staff.
A few (and by that I mean one or two) will actually make eye contact with you, or at least not treat you as if you've just personally ruined their birthday party. 
Their coffee is good, but last I checked they bought their beans like everyone else. What's so special about that? All of their food taste like olives.
The one thing I've always liked is their grilled cheese panini. But again, olives.
I'm the kind of girl who likes to have options. I am NOT the kind of girl who will go back to a place again and again when I have other nearby options I'm yet to try... unless it's someplace I am absolutely crazy about. On a recent visit to Philly, I was in search of a hideout to get some work done in Old City, and Cafe Olé came highly recommended so I thought I'd give it a shot. 

I am sooooo glad I did!

I liked Cafe Olé so much that I ended up visiting twice in a 36-hour period -- something very out of character for this urban explorer. Outdoor seating, free refills on coffee, free wifi, and delicious sandwiches! Happy yellow paint echoed my pleasure over the friendly and inviting atmosphere. Favorite Spanish pop stars like Estopa, Bebe, and Manu Chao had me dancing in my chair for hours as I leisurely got my caffeine buzz on and conquered a textbook or two. 

Screw options, Cafe Olé is as good as it gets. I'll definitely be coming back here again and again!
This coffee shop is a few blocks from my house.  This place continues to disappoint!

My first experience included a $5 soy latte that was half foam.  The person at the register was less than friendly and a bit stand off-ish.  

The owner was extremely frazzled the second time I tried this place.  For whatever reason they didn't get the shop open on time and were scrambling to get things done (didn't even have any coffee brewed).  Absolutely NO customer service on this visit.

Today was my third (and FINAL) experience.....apparently THEY DON't OFFER DECAF....ANYTHING!!  I recently gave up caffeine and now enjoy a triple decaf espresso over ice with unsweetened almond milk.  Unfortunately, they lost a customer today and because they don't cater to all coffee lovers - I marched right down the street to Starbucks.  

I was a barista for 3 years back in the day and to me this is just CRAZY!!

It's a bummer because I believe in supporting local businesses (even if they are WAY overpriced).  So far Old City coffee is my fave!
This place has the best coffee around. They also have a cherry apple nut bagel that I dream about. The people who work there are like a comedy act and really seem to enjoy the chaos that comes with running a popular coffee shop. But it's always so busy I have yet to be able to eat my food there, and my biggest quip is that they are not open when I'm on my way to work. Big setback. I do have to be at work early but I don't think it's unreasonable for a coffee shop to be open early. So this has become my weekend take out breakfast place. Ps the sandwiches look delicious but have yet to try them
Good food BUT I overheard the owner speaking very rudely to an employee. NOT OK. Also, this is not the first time I've heard of this happening there...no wonder they seem to have a new person at the register every time I go there. Never going back!
There are many reasons to love Cafe Ole.  They offer a delicious array of salads, sandwiches (which can be toasted if desired), and drinks (mostly teas or coffees).  One of the principal appeals is the atmosphere, which is warmly European thanks to the multitude of languages spoke by the staff and the customers.  Don't worry Joey Vento, everyone can speak English.  Throw in free wireless internet and better-than-fair pricing, and Cafe Ole leaves little to be desired.
One of my favorite places to go for Inexpensive eats during a First Friday. great service, really good food, and an excellent variety of teas. It's also one of the places in Philadelphia that offers Hot Apple Cider for a longer amount of time than any other coffee house.
It also has a good selection of free publications to read. and it has Wi-Fi access. I recommend the European grilled cheese sandwich.
Café Ole is small and somewhat cozy but for a coffee house the emphasis should be on the coffee.

Although the service is all right, the coffee here is honestly pretty bad...it kind of tastes oily and burnt. If I want bad coffee I'll stay at home and save a lot of time and money. Yes you should patronize locally owned businesses instead of the Starbucks a block away...but if you go a block in the other direction you'll find another locally owned coffee house (4th Street Café) that is cozier, has much better coffee, a free play jukebox, and Wi-Fi.
A sparse aesthetic that allows the food and the coffee to speak for itself. On a nice day, they throw open the side doors and allow a breeze and sunlight to pour into the long room, cast shadows across the tables and wood floors. 

Olé is appropriately named, I think, because its short and to-the-point. It's a no-frills coffee shop with reasonable prices and excellent options. It's not so self-aware as to be obnoxious (which is a major problem with most coffee shops in cities). It knows what it is: a simple coffee shop with a simple run of sandwiches and side dishes. I hear the hummus is awesome but haven't been able to test it myself yet. 

The music is kept at a nice level, the clientelle is calm and intentional, rarely filled with tourists and the coffee-squatting, gauge-piercing crowd. It's a good place to get a little work done, maybe grab a quick lunch, and move on with your exciting life in one of the country's great cities.
so i still whimper a little bit every time i pass by here at 7 am and it's not open... but it's become a staple of my weekend.  and i absolutely love it.
if you can snag an outdoor seat in the sun, do it. one of the most amazing ways to eat breakfast in the city
now i want a cherry apply nut bagel. humph
The dishes are still dirty and the laundry is piling up... all in the  service of Yelp!  

So it was a hot sunny day, and I needed to escape my cube.  I thought to myself, where can I find good, quick eats within walking distance?  And Cafe Ole sprung to mind.  It's in the old Quarry St Cafe storefront.  Anyone remember that place?  An old favorite haunt of mine, back when a certain club owner wasn't such a tool... or maybe he was, but this place was cool.

Anyway, I digress yet again.  Cafe Ole, right.  It's a bustling little cafe, more cafe than coffeeshop due to a large and Israeli-oriented menu.  The woman who owns it is all business & that's a good thing.   Despite the crowds, I was in & out of there in 5 minutes with a delicious baguette style panini sandwich with tomato, fresh mozz, kalamatas & pesto.  It was $9 with tax but on the large side.  Figure about this price for a hearty lunch, or a few bucks more with a drink.  Not the cheapest, but quick & tasty.  A definite plus when it comes to lunchtime eats.
After a disappointing walk to the middle of nowhere Cafe Estelle, my friend and I decided to skip the 40 minute wait and head back to Old City for Sunday brunch. Cafe Ole is what we happened upon, and we were seriously glad about that!

We were insanely starved and, since they were out of the portobello wrap, we went for French toast and a toasted veggie wrap -- yummily filled with tofu, red peppers, chickpeas, spinach and some kind of wonderful spices -- which came with either chips of a side salad of chopped cucumbers and tomatoes in light dressing. Add a little salt to that, and it's mighty refreshing. the cinnamon raisin bagel, with crunchy cinnamon sugar topping on top and cranberries inside was the only thing that was only so so. 

Aot to mention, in full, the meal was super-filling! Also filling was the skim green tea chai. mmmmm. But geez did the pastry section look goooood. larger (impending) Mmmmmmm. 

The people hanging out seemed chill, though in their own little worlds, which can refreshing in itself sometimes. And the rushed servers behind their lovely counter were super sweet. You can tell it'd be nice to be a regular there...
It's my favorite place on earth. Coffee is great. Food is always good. Not as much fun without the dogs. (no dogs allowed anymore) Staff makes my coffee when they see me walk in. The outside seating is great on a nice day.(dog friendly) Good  people  watching.
Sure the coffee is decent, and the food is good (you can also get it at Chapterhouse Cafe) BUT IS IT WORTH THE ATMOSPHERE?

I have never experienced such an unpleasant working experience in my life.  If you want somewhere to sit and have a conversation/work this is not the place.  Aside from the very regular rude folks talking on their cells, extremely loud music, and very long lines, I am currently experiencing..wait for it... someone BLASTING MEXICAN MUSIC FROM THEIR ANCIENT CELL PHONE.  That's right.  Icing on the cake.  

Every time I come here it's something.  I probably will not be coming back to find out what could be worse than that.
After complaining to too many people about the lack of healthy-ish, delicious and inexpensive non-pizza options for lunch in Old City, and after all of those people telling me to go to Cafe Ole, I finally went  today. It was indeed delicious, and fairly healthy, but not exactly inexpensive. I got the Mediterranean Plate -- generous portions of homemade hummus and chopped cucumber+ tomato salad, plus two big pitas, two stuffed grape leaves, a handful of green AND black olives, and several big chunks of feta. It was so good, and way too much food. This would be perfect for two people, but it wasn't something I could eat at one sitting or get in a doggy bag. Seems silly to complain about too much food, but it was an embarrassment of riches. The Mediterranean Plate plus a small bottle of water was $10 and change.

A bonus: They serve breakfast (all sorts of omelettes etc.) until late in the afternoon.
Café Olé has officially converted me. I used to view think that panini pressed sandwiches were like captain crunch. All they did was cut the roof of my mouth. However, once I took a bite of their European grilled cheese sandwich I forgot about that comparison. This sandwich has 2 types of olives and feta cheese. It is a glorious explosion of flavor that will tempt your palette to pinch itself because its so friggin dreamy. Combine this sandwich with their Tropical Green Iced Tea, which is served with lemon wedges and mint leaves and you are sure to leave fulfilled. Their hummus kicks my mouths ass as well. Sooo good. 

Ok, so I literally just had lunch there and I am still buzzing. Seriously, I'm seeing double.... in a good way.
The shakshuka at Cafe Olé is one of my favorite breakfasts in the city. It's a dish of eggs in seasoned stewed tomatoes and it's served with a side of bread (if you're lucky, you'll get the fresh-baked rolls, otherwise it's French baguette which is just okay), along with a side of labneh (or something of the sort) with some good olive oil and za'atar. I've had a lot of shakshuka a lot of places but I've never had better. The fresh baked rolls are what pushes it from four stars to five. 

I usually get the Moroccan shakshuka, which comes with chicken and olives, but the vegetarian shakshuka is good, too. I'm sure the plain and vegan versions are great as well. 

The coffee is fresh and hot, but I can't speak to the other food they serve. Anything compared to the shakshuka there just seems like a mistake to me and a disappointment--but it's good to know they have a full menu in case you're dining with a group that includes some more particular eaters.
Coffee is four stars. Been in before and enjoyed the coffee. Today, the service.... Wow, not sure if we will ever be back, just awfully rude. I'm sure it was an off day, but damn...
Will never go back..
Went there on Sunday around 11 am for breakfast - it was not crowded and we got a table right away. I ordered French toast and my husband ordered an omelet . About 10 minutes later  the omelet arrived - I waited 10 more minutes - no food.  My husband is finished so I go to the counter to inquire about my food - told it was in the kitchen cooking would be a few more minutes.  Finally 15 minutes later I went up to the counter and said we had to go and I didnt want the french toast and wanted my money back - she didnt want to give me the total amount - unbelievable - then said that's OK someone else just ordered french toast we can give it to her.  
Will never go back
I don't think I've ever had shakshuka before, and don't know what it's truly supposed to taste like, but if it's as good as it is at Cafe Ole, I want it all the time!

Awesome little cafe/brunch spot in Old City, with a very open vibe and outdoor seating.  The waitress/hostess behind the counter who took our order probably could've perked up a little bit, as she seemed a bit moody/distracted/inattentive.  It's fine, as you only have to order and then you can go find a seat and wait for your food to be called.

They have an assortment of chai tea lattes, which are super delicious, a bit sweet, and surprisingly a little filling.  When our food came out, we were shocked at how much they give you - a full plate of 'shakshuka' - two poached eggs covered in tomatoes, onions, garlic, and a tomato-based warm sauce.  The two sesame buns it comes with are super flaky and melt in your mouth delicious, along with this creamy butter with olive oil to dip it in.  It was by far one of the tastiest brunches I've had, as the flavors and aromas work so well together.  It does pack a punch, not in a spicy way, but in a flavorful way.  It can be a bit messy and definitely eat it quick, because as soon as it starts to get lukewarm, it doesn't taste as good, as the texture of the dish also changes.

Overall, a fantastic spot and I'll definitely be back to have more!
Well, they serve La Columbe coffee, the flavored body of which does not have as much depth as the roaster's location, but does pretty well in its one-size-fits-all cup and cheaper price for the refills.

The music playing this evening included the Smiths, Nick Cave, and I believe Antony and the Johnsons, which was hip enough for me to pay attention and laid back enough for me to get work done. Speaking of getting things done, no one bothered me or gave me a second glance as I read D. H. Lawrence's the Rainbow (well, the introduction), and a communist newspaper. Both are good qualities in a cafe, at least by my book of books.

Speaking of which, the majority of the customers/visitors were indeed doing work--reading, such as myself, or using a computer, or engaged in some group activity. There were a couple couples that chilled outside, as the December Globally-Warmed Climate allowed for that to be comfortable. All in all, there are probably ten tables, including the two outside. But the place is a bit crowded, with tables each fitting around four people total, so I would not recommend large groups.

The food was fine. Check out the semi-strange selection of sandwiches and omelets. I tried the Brie Sandwich, which include Brie (not sure the kind), granny smith apples, on toasted raisin bread. It wasn't the most complex thing in the world but I've never heard anything like it so I gave it a shot. Great bargain--four bucks. There were also bigger sandwiches on hoagey-style rolls, and salads, and soups. Also, sandwiches come with free salad or chips. I went with the salad. A lot of cucumbers but I hear those things are good for you, so I'm over my marked distaste for them.

The barista, or counter help, was a nice woman who seemed helpful and friendly to most customers. I'd definitely go back, and in fact, let's switch that tense over--I will definitely go back. It helps that the place is located in one of the hippest neighborhoods in Philadelphia--Northern Liberties--and it helps that there's a lot of cool galleries/bars nearby, Market Street a five minute walk southwards, and highways on the other side, tearing the neighborhood apart. The Benny Frank Bridge is just around the corner too, for all you Camden-types that need to get out.
Excellent coffee.  Free wireless internet.  Comfy couches.  Delicious cafe mocha.  They have good breakfast options, too.  All-around fabulous neighborhood coffeeshop.
Cafe Ole is still going strong. Coffee is good. They have traditional coffee and some silly sweet stuff like nutella lattes if you're feeling decadent.

They have some very good Israeli/Middle Eastern food, like shakshuka and hummus. The breakfast sandwiches are good--I enjoyed the pressed egg-and-cheese sandwich on a croissant.

Sidewalk seating is nice, and there's a comfortable, neighborhood feeling to the place. Lots of local regulars.
You all know of those restaurants that just bring you back to a certain time you've always wanted to relive. I've just transcended back to one  of my favorite times with Cafe Ole. 

I came here for coffee only, as I planned to bring with some friends later. I'm a good window shopper, so I looked at the menu just for fun. I was stopped dead in my tracks when I saw 'the' item. SHAKSHUKA. 

What is it? You ask. Let me explain. This is a middle eastern dish where a few eggs are cracked into boiling hot tomato sauce amazingness. The eggs cook in the sauce, you sprinkle with herbs and then it's a Moroccan festival in your mouth. If you haven't had it, you must. 

The only time I've had it was on a trip to Israel, which was one of those life-changing events that Shakshuka brings me back to. Cafe Ole brought me back and in grateful.

Enough about me... This place is adorable. There is upbeat middle eastern music playing low, but high enough to make you get a sway in your hips. The place is decorated with uplifting colors and they serve on yellow interesting plates--- just reminds you that ambiance is everything. The employees are super nice and the place is usually full. Cafe Ole is a small establishment with character- something lacking in the huge corporate monster coffee joints. Support local business, embrace a cultural awakening and broaden your horizons to the Far East.
This is a good new age, health-nut alternative to the corporate "devil" monster Starbucks. It is small but the food is all very natural and healthy. Coffee is reasonably priced, and you can always grab a table in the sun and talk to local art fans. If you're not into the scene, this cafe is definitely skip-able.
I love giving good reviews, but I just cannot for this place. 

Although their food is good, the staff is rude and snobby. 

I have been there a couple times, but this time I asked for decaf coffee. Oh boy...the END of the world!  The girl at the counter looked at me like I had three heads and then rolled her eyes at me. "We don't have decaf!"  Okay, how about a decaf americano?  (Bigger eye roll) "we don't HAVE decaf!!"  

I left feeling like I had done something wrong. I won't go back, simply because....I can get good food anywhere in the city....along with my decaf. And without the eye roll. 

Get an attitude adjustment Cafe Ole! (And some decaf espresso for your customers)
I used to love going to Cafe Ole, but a while back they went through some staff changes, and in my opinion never recovered. On a previous visit, I asked for a toasted croissant, and received a sad, squished croissant paddy (I guess their only means of warming up anything is by panini press). I asked if they would remake it. One of the Baristas propped up the panini press with some sandwiches, and then the other barista promptly removed the sandwiches so that the second croissant got squashed too (womp womp). On my last visit the barista behind the counter couldn't be bothered to help me until she was done counting all of her coin tips, and trading them out of the till for different denominations. She told me she would bring my drink out to me when it was ready, and then proceeded to set it down on the counter and call it out, so that I had to get up and fight my way back through the crowd to get to it. I'm sorry, but I've worked in food service, and counting your tips when there are customers waiting is a cardinal sin. 

It's too bad they haven't yet been able to successfully replace the old baristas. I know that the owner is very concerned about efficiency and customer service, so hopefully the service will improve soon.
Cafe Ole is the only place that I will leave my apartment for in the rain. Their iced tea is like a ray of sunshine on cloudy day...a shot of raspberry flavor, a sprig of mint, and a big slice of lemon? Yes please.

p.s. it's even better on sunny days.
I've been wanting to try a chai latte at this place forever, and I was not disappointed. They have what looked like more than eight different flavors of chai including spiced, gingerbread, green tea, raspberry maybe? and more I've forgotten. 

My spiced chai latte was easily the best I've ever had. The boyfriend had an Americano, and apparently it was much better than the burnt ones he usually gets at Starbucks. Who knew. 

Aside from the drinks the warm, low-key atmosphere of the place was really inviting. This is the kind of place with a tack board for fliers, people leisurely hanging out, and a bowl proclaiming "clean spoons" with, you guessed it, real spoons! The outdoor seating area, which was perfect for people watching and taking in a nice block of Old City, was just icing on the cake.
At first I think, Mediterranean food with coffee... Odd combo... But it works!!  It works so well I'm there every weekend.  

The owner makes a fantastic regular wet cappuccino and bone dry Capp.  There's another girl at the counter who makes a great dry Capp.   They will make it however you like.  The coffee is rich and oily (in a good way) full of flavor.  

The iced tea is a delicious treat (green or raspberry) with a mint sprig and lemon wedge.  Usually I am not a fan of anything mint but get it with their iced tea.  

Shoshuka (sp?) is so good.  Poached eggs in red tomato sauce with spices.  Served with bread.  Delicious!! Must have for breakfast.  

Their food is on par.  My fav is their yogurt parfait (with Greek yogurt), mango! Blueberries, strawberries and pineapple.  They are bit cheap with their fruit... You know, how most people add melon...and loupe.... Not here. 

Great seating outside! Some in the sun and some in the shade.  

I wish they served afternoon wine (like for HH at least until they closed!)

Thank you for being so close to my place.
Perhaps it was because it was in the afternoon.

Or maybe because it was a Wednesday.

Or maybe... maybe it's me, not you Cafe Ole.

All I know is that I came here with my laptop, ready to settle into an afternoon of semi-productivity and people watching, and was a bit disappointed.

Don't get me wrong - the decor was cute, the seating was comfy, and the lentil soup was delish.

But when an old man sat down next to me and began clipping coupons, it became clear that this obviously wasn't my type of crowd.
Yeah, they rock too!! How perfect is their Iced Tea! With a sprig of mint, it is the most refreshing drink on the planet!!! I mean it, on the @!#$%^& planet! It always smells great in there and they have a great breakfast menu. My goal is to buy everything in the place. It's also a great place to escape to for a while. Cafe Ole is in the perfect location as well to get all kinds of interesting people coming through at all time. Yeah, they rock too!!
Cafe Olé, another splendid morning find in Olde City. As usual, I wanted to sit outside, but by the time I arrived people were already permanently camped at the few tables with opened newspapers, strollers, laptops, dogs and no intention of moving.

Venturing inside, I noticed a mix of different tables, chairs, couches and coffee tables, which were mostly all occupied. I jumped into a short line at the counter to ponder my choices. I decided on the egg croissant w/cheese and a large, black coffee.

Fortunately, one of the large, comfy chairs in the corner was somehow still empty, so I slid comfortably down into it and happily ate my delicious breakfast as one of the many content customers who will be sure to return again.
Café Ole is the latest incarnation for a café at this cool location in Old City.  Fortunately it's a good one.  The atmosphere  in the café is as warm as it has always been.  And the food and drinks are good.  What is special here?  Glad you asked .... it's the Shakshouka.  This is the best Shakshouka, I've had in Philadelphia ... and it is served with fresh bread to scoop up every last drop. 

One note to keep in mind is that the kitchen closes at 3PM (strictly breakfast & lunch) and the whole café closes around 7PM.
If there was a "like" button for the other poor reviews I would click it. It's true.... on many of my trips here I have been given the "I wish you weren't here" kind of treatment from an employee. My partner and I have also witnessed more than one occasion where the 'manager' (I think) was really nasty and yelled at her employee in front of the whole cafe over an order that got mixed up. There's more than one thing wrong with a place that will degrade an employee and make a scene over something like that.
On a positive note, the coffee is Okay. The food is quality. It's a convenient location and has good outdoor seating.
After walking around in old town trying to find all the "open"places that serve these amazing Christmas Day brunches ( they were all closed litterally, thanks yelp!!! It's 20 freaking degrees) , we found this little place!
Cafe ole open on christmass day breakfast till 3pm!
Middle eastern fair , lots of sandwiches and wraps ,different salads and coffee or tea.
Everybody was really friendly when we came in, what a warm welcome.
We ordered on the counter and they brought the food to the table.
Shakshuka was not a breakfast item for me yet but as a brunch platter it sounded good!oh and it was with fresh slightly toasted bread and two eggs soft and gooey , just right!
Coffee and chai tea were good too and they also have smoothies.
You can order little sweet things for dessert or just croissants!
Just what I needed on a cold but sunny day!
The prices are more then fair and in summer you can sit outside
Pumpkin spiced chai? Green tea chai? Spicy chai? These are only a few of the chai options given at Cafe Ole. 

The hummus here is the bomb. I also enjoyed my Brie panini: brie, cranberry, apple on raisin bread.

Only thing though, I hate their iced coffee, but this is personal preference.
I wanted to love this place. I really did. It seems to have all the right stuff. The food's great, the staff is more friendly than not, they have WiFi, they take credit cards, and yet... 

I live only a few blocks away and I never go there. It's a weird place. It's small, loud, and the rules of when to pay are never really clear. I think I could have walked out more than once with my food or drink and never paid anyone since the staff seemed to have forgotten all about it. Unfortunately, I suffer from being far too honest so I had to flag someone down. It's very strange. I'm always tempted to walk in but most of the time give it a miss and go somewhere else, even Starbucks. I know, I'm ashamed to admit it.

The couch is a great place to read, though, and the food's good though expensive for a cafe. But I guess this is Old City.
Cafe Olé is a cute cafe located in the heart of Old City. With as many coffee and tea options as a normal coffeeshop, plus an extensive food menu, it's a great place to get work done and camp out for the day. Weekends can be a little busy because they also serve a great brunch. One word: shakshuka. Hands down the best I've had in the city, and affordable at $11. The portion size is huge and comes with fresh bread to soak up all of the extra sauce. With so many options, there's definitely something for everyone at Cafe Olé!
this place is so cute. i love how open it is and how everyone has their dogs around. it does get packed with lazy coffee sippers and wifi junkies, but what place doesnt? they have really yummy fruit and cheese and baked goods. the staff is super friendly and helpful. i dont know anything about coffee but whatever their brewing up always smells good.
love going to this place.  good food, especially for a coffee shop.  good variety too.  and yummy options for a vegetarian, even better!  

though much of the food/ sandwiches are prepared early in the day and then reheated, etc....the ingredients taste fresh and good.  it is welcoming, the staff is friendly and it is just a great spot overall.  i usually go out of my way when i am in the area to hit it up.  good stuff.....
Funny how you live near a place for 3 years and never really know they offer food?!  I recently had breakfast with some friends at Cafe Ole and was very impressed.  It is a bit of a pain that you have to go pick your food up from the counter, but it's well worth it!  The croissant, egg, turkey sausage, and cheese breakfast sandwich is out of this world!  It's a great place to relax and enjoy a quick nosh!
Cafe Ole might be dubbed Cafe OK, because it is just that. The atmosphere is nothing desirable, and the coffee takes like coffee. It's nice to sit outside, and the food tends to be good. But I'll take the consistency and atmosphere of Starbucks over this.
Cafe Ole is decent, but a bit bizarre. The food is tasty - I most recently had a European grilled cheese. 

The confusing part is paying. Seems like you just pay whenever you want, before during or after your meal. Not that this is a bad policy, it just stresses me out for some reason.
People in the 'hood joke that this place should be called "Cafe Go Away!" and I can't argue. If you actually make it to the front of the line--which often takes 15 minutes for one cup of coffee--the counterpeople seem annoyed and distracted, which leaves me annoyed. Why do I even bother? The excellent chai selection and cold mint tea, as well as outdoor seating. But I don't bother often, and if you're on a time crunch, or abhor apathetic service, you shouldn't either.
How to review this place? I'm a fan of the atmosphere- Nice place to chill on a Tuesday aftetnoon.  My chicken wrap was awesome- high quality olives, feta, pesto mayo.  I mean, amazing.  The iced coffee too was really good.  But how these 2 items came to over $11 I cannot fathom.  On the menu, the wrap is listed at $6.75, and the iced coffee at ($3.25 for 24 oz.). Maybe a city sales tax?  I'd go ask the person behind the counter, but she's telling everyone who comes to the counter how busy she is, and I don't want to trouble her.  Not sure what to make of the service here.   On the one hand, the lady behind the counter is pleasant enough, but customers should not have to feel like their presence is an inconvenience-especially when the place really doesn't seem that busy.  But with the counter person going on about almost being out of clean dishes and being so busy (yet saying she always works alone), I wonder whether other places in the area wouldn't have been a better choice.
I watched in horror as the barista hit the espresso handle on the trashcan and put it back into the machine. Thats not sanitary miss.

Cafe Ole is an okay spot if you don't mind it being a bit crowded. They're always friendly and quick. The bagels are just right. They'll only give you a frequent buyer card if you ask but then every 6th coffee or so is free.

I go here because of the free refills!
I wandered into this place by accident. An unassuming corner window, which I thought Mexican, was my choice while trekking towards the river. As I entered, the decor was indicative of any sidewalk eatery in this area. The display case of prepared food inhibited my curiosity, but I made my way towards the waitress who suggested that I try the shakshouka. Divine! It's almost like a tomatoey-broth of many different types of vegetables surrounds the poached egg yolks. The creamy egg works in harmony with the broth, as undertones of garlic and aromatic green herbs complement the dish. I haven't had too much Mediterranean food before; nor have I ever heard of shakshouka, but I will have to give in to my now budding appetite for this type of food.
Paid $10 here for breakfast, to get one waffle which was barely an appetizer for breakfast. When asked for the rest of the waffles, as their menu clearly said multiple waffles, they refused. The waitress was disinterested and not nice. Won't eat here again.
I live off of the hummus and pita at this place. I try to pack a lunch, but then, at 11:30am when I am faced with a sad little container of yogurt, the hummus calls to me. 

It's the best I've found. Fresh, flavorful and textured (with a few un-smashed chick peas sprinkled in). As a bonus, an order of small hummus (which really isn't all that small) comes with a side salad of diced cucumbers and tomatoes. The pita is the only tricky part. Some days I get one pita, other days I get two, which really doesn't matter 'cause I'll eat the stuff with a fork. I usually get the whole wheat pita, which today morphed something that looked like actual whole wheat (with hearty grains evident) instead of the standard issue dirty white pita bread (and when I say "dirty" I'm referring to the color). It's a little under $6 for the hummus, pita and side salad. 

I stick to the food here, and the other salads and sandwiches I've had have been equally fresh and delicious. I'm partial to Lore's on 7th for my coffee, but Cafe Ole's iced tea is a winner, as comes with a hearty dose of fresh mint. 

The place gets busy over lunch and the staff is very focused on getting people in and out, but not in an unfriendly fashion.
Stopped by here today on a quick foodie adventure and the place was packed! Line moves quickly though. Narrow space with a coffee condiments station and a display fridge of all their sandwiches, in which upon purchase will be grilled right in front of you! There are tables inside and about 4 tables outside. They also sell full platters of food that people can order and bring back to their table (half service restaurant). 

I got a grilled chicken and sandwich and a fresh brewed tea and the total was $12 I believe. The sandwich is a little more on the expensive side ($9) but it is old city. Ok, first bite into the sandwich was HEAVENLY. The bread is so so good, probably one of the best sandwich bread I've ever tasted. It was the perfect crispy crunch, and just the right thickness of bread. It complimented the sandwich so well, the chicken was well seasoned. I loved it! The tea was also very good. I will definitely be back to try other sandwiches/dishes...or maybe just to eat that awesome grilled sandwich again!
There's much to praise about this cafe, and a good portion of that has been amply articulated by its many favorable reviewers.  But Cafe Ole has a single tragic flaw: execrable ventilation.  I know from talking to other people (sometimes in the cafe's very cool outdoor seating) that I'm not the only one who gets awful headaches every time the cafe's doors are closed, trapping me inside a totally-burnt-oil-on-the-grill smell.  And I know I shouldn't have to leave such a friendly, cute place smelling like a smoky, decidedly un-tasty morsel.  So please, Cafe Ole, fix your ventilation.  It's cold outside now, and I want to come back!  Please--and I say this with all the love in the world--fix your smell problem?  As I post, I'm using the wireless of the less charming nearby competition, who shall remain nameless... and I miss you!
Funky music, good service, darn good French toast and chai tea: I recommend this place.

My friends and I ended up here for brunch after having just arrived in Philly. I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised. I was hungry so ordered two dishes: a pesto omelette and French toast. The pesto omelette was serviceable, but the French toast was spectacular, so much so that I lost a good portion to my so-called friends.

I liked the chai tea, of which they have several varieties. Mine was dusted with cinnamon. Mmmm.

The funky indie music soundtrack, decent service and nice part of town rounded off the experience very nicely. 

Overall definitely recommended and somewhere I'd return to when next in the city.
Just walking by Cafe Ole with the great smells wafting out makes me have to stop in!
I love lunch at Cafe Ole and getting coffee on the run.
The staff at this good sized cafe are great. Super friendly, can handle the busy pace, and seem to enjoy their jobs - which is rare in this city.
I am totally addicted to their hummus - I get it for lunch, I get it for parties, I get it just to have in the house!
I also love their spinach salad with goat cheese - DELICIOUS.  But don't forget to ask for a pita - which they warm up for you!  
They have tons of salad, sandwich and greek plates to offer, as well as breakfast items.
Eat here, get coffee here, enjoy here...life is too short!
This is where I go when I'm working from home and tired of working from home. It's a great hangout with really good coffee and sandwiches, pastries, etc. My favorite is the grilled chicken. The music is eclectic, so if you don't like that bring your ipod. Free Wifi is great, free refills on coffee, dog friendly, comfy, and they've finally expanded their hours into the evening. Sometimes it can be a little crowded and hard to find a seat.
Its 30 steps from my door. They have La Colombe which is always brewed perfectly. I have never had a bad cup of coffee here. EVER. The iced tropical green tea with fresh mint is a perfect afternoon, summer treat. The bagels and breakfast sandwiches are very tasty but a little pricey for what they are.  The sandwich and salad case always looks full, fresh and colorful though I have never had anything from it. Two downfalls. The staff (the later afternoon) sometimes acts as if you are inconvienencing them. I guess because Im not a hipster. The girls in the morning are always fantastic. The dogs outside at the tables are always annoying because they are constantly in the middle of 3rd street. Look past those downfalls and you an almost perfect, neighborhood coffee shop complete with the odd ball coffee shop music no one has ever heard of playing over the speakers.
Once again I find myself conflicted as to what is more important: service or atmosphere.  I think when it comes to coffee houses, atmosphere wins out.  Cafe Ole's service is amazing, the staff is friendly and chatty...everything you would want from your local barista.  However, the atmosphere is more restaurant and less coffee shop.  What I do appreciate is the local art, and XPN.  Just a few doors down is Starbucks, so I imagine they are in a constant battle for customers, do everyone a favor and get your coffee and sandwich from Ole, not the corporate monster down the street.
This cafe with a mexican twist is unique and worth the stop. Everyone here is welcoming and their coffee (as well as their hot chocolate) is worth it! I've tried their croissant's as well. 

It's nice to contribute to a neighborhood spot vs. the usual starbucks/DD spot. I can't wait to come back and try their food!
It was one of those when my friends and I just couldn't make up our minds on lunch. I didn't want anything heavy because I was scheduled to join my fellow Elites in AC Friday night, and everyone else was just being indecisive. Looking for something different we ended up at Café Ole. After reading the review form Sophia I, I decided to go along. 

I am  one of the few people on earth against anything pre-made; including sandwiches. I hate how everything is cold including the bread. So I was a little apprehensive at first. When she asked me if I wanted it grilled (pressed) of course I said yes. You need to wake up those flavors.  I ordered the Chicken Wrap w/ pesto mayo, lettuce, black olives, tomato, feta, and onions. I may not have loved the wrap but it made me a believer in this place thus far.
I live right around the corner from Ole.  The prices are a bit steep for coffee drinks and toasted bagels, but some of sandwiches are priced pretty fairly.  I like the Mediterranean platter, Nicoise sandwich, tuna salad sandwich, and fresh mozz sandwich.     
Stay away from the wraps, as you don't get what you pay for.
Service is always pretty quick, and the employees are polite.
Everytime I go to Philly I can't resist Elfreth's Alley and when the weather gets too hot or I'm tired of walking around, I always stop in here and have a chai. The only unfortunate thing for me is that the chai is made from a powder concentrate. Still, it tastes great, and I love getting to relax in the big comfy chair in the back.
Was not impressed when I popped in this past weekend for a quick breakfast sandwich and coffee. As I waited in line, I couldn't help but comment to myself as I observed the way the staff talked to its patrons. Not very pleasant people, and quite disorganized. My breakfast sandwich wasn't bad, but was a little dry, and I wasn't offered anything else to go on or along with it. I wasn't familiar with where the cream and sugar was since it was my first time here, so I had to find my way around and through the thick line that had formed to get to the cream and sugar, before returning to my seat in the back to eat my breakfast sandwich. Overall, just a not-so-great experience. I was most affected, though, by the attitudes of the staff. Probably won't return.
This is one of my favorite spots in Philly for both coffee and lunch. The atmosphere is laid back and welcoming. I usually head over on my lunch break in a rush from the work day, but as soon as I walk in I almost always feel compelled to take some deep breaths and stay a while.  The Israeli music that is usually playing in the background matched with the eclectic display of artwork give you the sense of having left Philadelphia for a few moments.  Now that's what I call a break! The food is spectacular and both the coffee and chai are amazing. By far the best chai I've had anywhere in Philly.
This is my new "working remotely" spot.  Great place to come and get coffee - free re-fills.  Just don't come and ask for decaf - only have decaf tea selections.  Best wi-fi connection I've found, so I can work and connect to remote desktops and not be bogged down by a bad connection.  So far have only gotten lunch once, which was this rediculously robust and delicious white fish salad with a multi-grain bagel - check out the pictures associated with Ole Cafe.  Also, perfect place to go, get an iced coffee and sit outside at on a beautiful day.  Just don't start coming here too frequently or bring soooo many people that I have no where to work anymore!
I want to love this place but I don't. I have mixed feelings mostly...

The crossant french toast? Freaking fantastic. Delicious. But occasionally when we come on the weekend they run out. It's happened a couple times. Bummer.

The iced tea in the summer time? Love it. Refreshing and delightful.

Ok so what I don't love - The coffee. I'm latte obsessed, and their espresso leaves much to be desired. It tastes burnt to me often. The service can also be occasionally impersonal and rushed. I uderstand that this is probably because they get pretty busy, but I don't get the warm gooey neighborhood feeling here that I get at other coffee shops
Just moved to Philly and needed a place to eat and study.  Cafe Ole is only a few blocks from my apartment, and it felt very welcoming when I walked by.  The food is tasty and the coffee is great (though pricey - I think they raised the prices just recently).
I ordered the Nutella crepe off of UberEATS and loved it! They managed to make a nice presentation in a white takeout box and it was delicious. The crepe is stuffed with strawberries and bananas which went perfectly with the Nutella. If you're in the mood for a dessert breakfast, this crepe hits the spot.
In a world where there's a Starbucks on every corner (almost literally in some places), it always warms my heart to see an independent coffee shop.  Cafe Ole is just such a place.  Located on 3rd Street, north of Market, this place serves coffee, tea, healthy pre-made sandwiches and salads, fruit, desserts, etc.  You can park yourself at a table outside while enjoying their wireless internet (which won't be much of a novelty soon, since Philly is going completely wireless), or you can sit indoors and enjoy the local artwork, friendly staff, and independent ambiance.  Personally, I think Starbucks' coffee is bitter - like burned dirt - so I prefer the coffee at Cafe Ole.  Or any independent coffee shop.  Or Wawa for that matter.  But my coffee tastes aside, this is a great little place to enjoy a cup 'o joe and a good book or good conversation.  Ole!
I can't believe I haven't gotten around to writing a review of this place yet - it's my go-to study spot and I love it!  

Cafe Ole basically has all the makings for a 5 hour-long study session during finals time...I usually come in around 11 am on a weekday (to beat the lunchtime rush) and start a tab...I start with some iced coffee (I'm pretty sure there are free refills) and then follow up with the bangin Shaushuka or a Euro grilled cheese sandwich.  They have a huge menu of breakfast food (served til 3pm) and premade sandwiches and salads...honestly, everything looks amazing but I just stick to my usual two items bc I'm a creature of habit. 

The only thing I would caution about is that it can get pretty crowded on weekends and during lunch hour, and that there aren't as many outlets as I'd like.  (though, that's not an issue for a lot of people who just come, eat, and leave)  Other than that, the food and service are both on point.
I decided I would review this place today because I literally had a dream about their stuffed grape leaves last night... I wonder what that says about my psychological state. 

Anyway, this place is really charming. The hummus plate is my usual - big ol' thing of hummus, two pitas, cucumber salad, grape leaves (yum) and a bunch of green olives. 

I usually get a gob of the hummus on the pita, roll it up with the cucumbers and some olives to make a little hummus burrito. Some may say that's blasphemy, but I am a busy dude and that's a flavor explosion that I just can't resist. 

I always save the grape leaves for last... they taste like what my grandmother's grape leaves would taste like if my grandmother was from Greece instead of Pittsburgh... really good in a homey/comforting sort of way. They are moist, with subtle flavors of oregano and lemon... highly recommended.  
 
Great/attentive staff. Not sure where they're from, but many of the women that work there have beautiful accents which makes me feel like I am getting "legit" hummus. 

I usually get my food to go, but have sat for lunch/worked on my laptop in the restaurant. A nice experience, but a bit loud during the busy lunch hour. They regularly feature local art that is actually worth a damn... I hope you check this place out.
I've been waiting a long time to do a review here bc I wanted it to be just right, seeing as how I eat here at least 3 times a week :)  So here it goes:

(+)Things you MUST try:  
   1)French Toast (SO SO good)
   2) Grilled Chicken Sandwich... my favorite AND it warms up great if you don't eat it all!!
   3) Hummus- the best I've had in the city
   4) Spiced Chai Tea - You will NOT find chai tea this good anywhere else, make sure you get it with whole milk and I usually ask them to go a little light on the cream.

(-)Things that don't do the place justice:
     1) Tuna salad sandwich- bread is kinda hard
     2) breakfast burrito- least favorite thing there, mostly bc I feel like        the salsa is more like tomato paste than salsa

Overall:
(+) great prices considering the quality of food
(+) WAY better than the starbucks down the street
(+) Serves breakfast til 2pm EVERY DAY
(-) close somewhat early
(-) no A/C in the summer
(-) Not a lot of seating bc of popularity, I always get my stuff to go, but 90% of the time it's not a problem

And given those last three negatives which are huge to me, I still think it is the best cafe I've been to.  Go now!  And order the chai tea!
My special friend and I like to stop at a different coffee shop each time we're headed out of town - just to grab a quick bite and some caffeine.  Cafe Ole is one of the places I always forget, probably because its location makes it possible to escape our notice. I'm glad we remembered this time. We were grumpy as hell when we stumbled in and we were smiling like dim-witted kids with massive lollipops when we left. The staff are always so friendly and the food and coffee are darn tasty.
Nice place with hommy Mediterranean-American food, vegan friendly with few dishes. Free wifi and a welcoming atmosphere.
Had an amazing brunch here on a weekend trip to Philly. The girls at the front counter were super friendly and cleared our plates at the end of the meal. The ice coffee was strong and delicious. My friend had the lox platter with everything bagel and I had an egg white omelette with spinach feta pepper and onions. My platter came with Israeli salad, guacamole, and a yummy side of fresh Greek yogurt, s&p and olive oil. Generous proportions and fresh ingredients, highly recommended.
Been here many times. Small
cozy atmosphere.  Today we decided to go here for brunch. We had Shakshuka, a traditional Israeli breakfast and a white fish salad meal.  Both were delicious. They have great coffee, humus and desserts as well.  Staff are very warm, friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend for anyone to check the place out.
Great spot for people watching in one of the coolest neighborhoods in Philly. Worst macchiato EVER. Where's The Love? Store bought bagels? I asked for it "crispy" and I got hot-pressed bread pancakes, just like you'd warm a Cuban sandwich. Obviously they don't own a commercial toaster. The young lady at the counter had a little 'tude, like you would expect to be treated at a 100 year old Jewish NYC deli, bordering on rude. Too bad because I'd had a good experience previously. I might give them a second try. The ready-made sandwiches looked pretty good, but next time I'll ask for regular coffee. Hire a barista. Train your staff.
Cafe Ole is slowly becoming one of my favorite neighborhood cafes! It doesn't go the hipster coffee shop/cafe vibe, but is cosy, relaxing and comforting with a wide selection of food items and drinks. 

There is plenty of seating inside with free wifi available, although there's only a set of outlets by the high table by the door. Still, I've done a few hours of solid work here with a fully charged laptop, and the staff is super friendly! 

Food/drink wise, I've had the shakshuka (it comes out piping hot in a huge portion, with a side of bread rolls and cheese to top it off), which was very comforting and tasty. I've also gotten the chef's salad, and it was fresh with a delicious mix of cucumber and tomato salad on top of the greens. They also have a variety of salad, soups, wraps and sandwiches that look really good. The regular coffee here is pretty standard, not as good as e.g. La Colombe coffee but does the trick. The food items are also half-priced between 6-7pm right before they close, which is a great deal!
So as I'm sitting here enjoying my soy spiced chai latte and shakshuka on this fine morning, I can name a few things better or that I would want to enjoy at this very moment. It may be my love for all things Israeli but something about this place just sticks with me. 

The Israeli music playing in the background, the sweetness of the spices in the chai, the soul warming goodness of the shakshuka are all reasons to come back. They're so good I don't even consider ordering anything else. Jk, I lied. In the summer I'll order be croissant French toast and iced tea when it's nice out. I've taken several friends here and all can agree that this place is a GEM.
I walk past Cafe Ole every morning on the way to work and find it hard not stop in for a coffee. I love this place! Great coffee, they even do the correct art in the cappuccino foam. I haven't tried anything on the menu that wasn't great. To top things off the staff is really friendly. Definitely give it a try if you are in the area.
I must have passed Cafe Ole over a hundred times before finally trying it, and I'm so happy I did!

Upon arriving on a late Saturday afternoon, Cafe Ole was jammed packed (inside and outside!)  I was a little disappointed because I thought all the seats were taken, but was pleasantly surprised to find a couple of spots in the back with a large table (BIG PLUS, especially since me and my friend had to work on our laptops).

My friend ordered a cup of tea and I had a piece of Baklava-yummy! I think this is my new fave dessert.  

The Free Wi-Fi was super fast and I never lost a signal-Nice!

Cafe Ole is truly a no-frills cafe in Olde City, but the friendly service, tasty treats, and chill homey vibe make it fabulous.  I'll definitely be back.
A regular lunch spot for me.  I am a big fan of the vegan sandwich, as well as the tomato/mozz/olive tapenade sandwich. The option of "chips or salad" comes with your sandwich selection--I always get salad; diced cucumber, tomato and some lemon juice. All sandwiches can be pressed/warmed up in the panini machine.  

I enjoyed an amazing spinach salad with goat cheese, walnuts, dried apricots, prunes, cranberries and pesto dressing.

The hummus plate is large enough for two to share and comes with two very large pitas.  

Iced Green Tea is my staple in the warmer months and their cappuccino is warm and smooth.  The place can get loud and hectic (those folks behind the counter work their butts off!), but Ole is totally worth it.
Nice cafe in Old City. They have a few outside tables for warm days and ample seating indoors, too. I mainly come here for the cappuccinos and tea, but I've had the grape leaves before, and they are amazing! The only downside to this place is that it closes early (at 7pm every night), but this is true for most cafes in Old City.
I am not from Philadelphia but I'm always on the hunt for a great coffee place that always serves extra. I'm always looking for somewhere that does more than coffee and this place really does it right! All of their food is fresh from the breakfast two lunches. Everyone is very friendly and kind. 

Indoor and outdoor seating and dogs are welcome outside. 

I will definitely be back here!!
Stopped in for a quick lunch and was a bit confused at first because when you walk in, you encounter the display case of sandwiches and salads, none of which are labeled.  I stood there looking at all the tasty-looking treats, befuddled until I realized that a small paper menu was taped onto the counter over by the cash register (not near the display of food).  Rookie mistake!
I had a vegan wrap, which was packed full of fresh veggies and tasted great!  The side salad was diced cucumber and onion (I was expecting lettuce..? haha) with a nice dressing.  
Overall, the food was fresh and tasted good; the service was very friendly.  I'll probably be back for a quick bite sometime :-)
The iced tea with sprig of mint is the best cure for a hot summer day.  Follow up with a goat cheese sandwich on pumpkin seed bread or the addictive hummus, take a seat in one of the cushy armchairs in the back, and watch the ceiling fan turn 'round and 'round.

My only wish is that they open earlier in the morning, so I could have a chai to get me through my work day - one every day for each variety that they have there!  Definitely not that Oregon Chai concentrate that seems to be the standard in other coffee shops, and ten times more sip-worthy.
My first Shakshuka experience.  The portion was very generous and came with two rolls and olive oil and feta cheese dipping sauce. 

Staffs were attentive, and even got me a to-go box before I asked for it. 

It was scorching summer day, and the place was not air conditioned than my preference.
Small town cafe feel.  Atmosphere | staff are great...I suggest a medium skim latte and a breakfast sandwich while enjoying a book.  Get there early on the weekends if you want to enjoy a seat outside.
this was my favorite weekend am place when i lived in old city! the coffee and iced tea are better than anywhere else around and their sandwiches are creative, fresh, and delicious. even when i didn't go in, i always loved seeing the people sitting outside, looking so chic and enjoying a mid-day snack. and they take credit cards! woohoo!
Enjoyed the environment and an incredible vegan salad. Lovely staff, fresh ingredients, and great pita. Healthy & satisfying lunch for under $10.
If you live in Old City, this is a staple and the food, drink and atmosphere does not disappoint.  

Lunch outside, bring your laptop, hang out all day.

Great breakfast and lunch!
Cafe Ole is the undisputed best place for coffee around Old City.  Good coffee, friendly service, nice outdoor seating for sunny days, really the perfect place for a lazy weekend morning with the paper.  Add to that the fact that their breakfast food, esp. the "shakshuka" (I believe that is the spelling -- it is poached eggs in a tomato sauce with bread), is outstanding.  

Also, Cafe Ole has some delicious sandwiches, including some veggie options, which the wife likes.
Love coming here the Shakshuka is always on point the people always kind the vibe is really welcoming
Awesome little neighborhood coffee shop that's always busy.  The owners are Israeli and that influences the menu.  For example the Mediterranean platter includes grape leaves, green olives, kalamata olives, hummus, feta, cucumber salad, and two pitas.  It is absolutely delicious.  

Most folks are very happy with the coffee and tea selection.  It's a great place for breakfast or lunch.
