It's been a minute (more like ten years!) since my last visit to Cafe Lift. That certainly wasn't intentional! I always enjoyed Cafe Lift but it sort of fell off my radar once I moved to Philly and walking distance options became more desirable. I've been wanting to get back for a while and today was my lucky day! 

Since my last visit, the cafe now takes credit cards as a form of payment (yay!) and they also have wifi, which makes for a great working lunch locale. 

I know that Cafe Lift's sweet options are absolutely delicious, but I was feeling eggs today, and was excited to see a broccoli, bacon and cheddar frittata on special. Our server told us it came with greens, so I ordered a side of potatoes. However, my plate arrived with potatoes, not greens... Folks, I'm half Irish. There are never too many potatoes. I got the side taters boxed up and plan to enjoy them with breakfast at home later this week. 

My frittata was awesome and I had no regrets. My dining companion enjoyed her greens and grains salad as well. We asked for sides of hot sauce which was clearly made in house - delicious. Our server was friendly and kept the coffee and water coming. 

Glad I made it back, and definitely looking forward to returning sooner than later!
Yelp saves the day again! I was looking for a new place to grab brunch on Saturday and stumbled upon the reviews for Cafe Lift. I was immediately smitten and jumped in the car right away to get a table. Luckily, we didn't even have to wait! There were so many yummy things on the menu that it took me about 10 minutes to decide (I ended up going with the Crispelle with crabmeat, spinach, tomatoes and cheese - DELISH! I decided savory over sweet, but damn, those pancakes with homemade whipped cream looked amazing). The service was great, and they kept the La Columbe coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice flowing. Just a few helpful tips for you: 1) You need a key to go to the single serve bathroom (which is very nice, btw) and 2) It's cash only, so be prepared.

The owners are opening a new bar/restaurant on the next block called Prohibition - I'm looking forward to checking it out. In the meantime, I'll be  coming back to Cafe Lift to brunch it up on a regular basis.
Cafe Lift on North 13th Street just south of Spring Garden, occupies the first floor of an old factory in this almost up and coming neighborhood south of core Center City. It's decor is all early 20th Century post industrial.  This has it's charm with high ceilings and exposed pipes and ducts, and large photos of the local buildings in black and white that are strong suggestions of it's history. 

On Saturday morning it was packed with a 20 something crowd enjoying Rival Bros Coffee and a short, but tasty breakfast/lunch menu. Hard walls make for poor acoustics, and the din was several decibels above comfortable. But, everyone was friendly and dealing with the racket. Even the queue to the single restroom had cool people who understood the situation and willingly chatted with their line mates.

Our table wait was about 25 minutes, but we made it to a small deuce in the middle of the room, with people on either side. It was tight, but the ambient noise allowed for privacy. The menu was divided into brekkie and lunch on either side of the document. I went with the chicken salad wrap, and DT opted for their burger. Both we're good. The burger seemed hand packed which gave it a softer texture and more retained juices. I prefer a more chunky chicken salad, but had no negs about theirs. We were drinking the house java, which was hot and kicky, but served in small white cups that needed refilling after a couple of gulps. Larger joe vessels would have been more efficient for the staff and felt more generous to the customers. 

Cafe Lift is a very interesting place to hang out. The room is really humming and the staff works hard to please. The harshness of the sound makes the experience not completely ideal, but that is overcome by the quality of the people and the kitchen, not to mention the enjoyment of just being in an old urban factory that has been so well repurposed.
This was a really nice Cafe, right around Rail Park. I did not get to sit inside and see the layout completely, but from the glimpse I got, it was really nice, full, and lively. I sat outside, because the weather was amazing, and THAT was definitely a perk.

Although my friend and I, were seated outside, the waitress was very prompt with our drinks and food. She was always checking in on us, which was awesome service.

The food was good, I liked the cherry tomato touch added the the egg benedict I was eating. I am not used to it, but it gave my breakfast flavor. I also really like the potatoes they had on the side with my eggs, very flavorful. 

My only concern was the breakfast items did not have a lot of variety, I was very limited making my choice.

Other than that, perfect place to stop ad grab a bite with some good company.
Being an avid weekend bruncher, me and my crew decided to check this place out one Saturday afternoon instead of our usuals (Sabrina's, Honey's, etc). Being a little off our beaten path, we decided to give it a shot. 

I'm so extremely happy we did! This place may be described a lot of ways but the one thing that makes it outstanding above all else is the food. Best huevos rancheros I've ever eaten hands down. Their homemade hot sauce makes me too excited to contain myself. The sweet stuff (french toast, crepes) will give you diabetes and an unrelenting feeling of  happiness for the rest of your day. Every item on the specials board is outstanding. 

I am overly impressed by their sides as well. I know this may be an overlooked quality at many a food establishment, but not here. Their sausage is delicious, turkey bacon is perfectly cooked, and their fruit plate is composed of like 5-6 varieties without a piece of honeydew in sight. 

Drawbacks are that yes, it is well known how amazing this place is so they get crowded ad you'll have to wait at peak times. Service can be semi slow if they're packed. Cash only, but there is an ATM present in house. It does leave you smelling rather greasy when you're done. Overlook all of these things, bring good people +/- a bottle(s) of bubbly, and eat some of the best brunch in the city. Also, order extra hot sauce.
Betches love brunch. It is a known fact. Betches also love pumpkin spiced things. When we heard that there was a magical place to have both things at once, we hopped on the next subway to Spring Garden. When we walked into the doors and ascended up the stairs into Café Lift, all of our dreams came true.
Very industrial/artistic style of décor with a touch of charm. The wait on a Saturday only set us back 20 minutes, but we ordered iced coffees and sat by the window so the time passed even faster.
The menu is eclectic here; there is something for everyone- sweet, savory, traditional, non traditional. When I go out to eat, I always make sure to read the specials board. That was the best decision I made all weekend; they had a special vegetable hash complete with broccoli, peppers, mushrooms etc nestled on a bed of pearl couscous topped with an over easy egg and a light curry sauce. The flavors were very rich and powerful; I could only eat half of it. My friend ordered the pumpkin French toast with pumpkin spice cannoli filling (unbelievable) and my other friend ordered the original French toast. Everything was perfect. I cannot wait to come back!
My second visit to Cafe Lift was even better than the first. I went with my boyfriend, who lives only a few blocks from Sabrina's. I told him that like Sabrina's, the food would be awesome and creative... and that unlike Sabrina's, there would be no hour-long waits outside, no hosts picking and choosing the next diners based on god-only-knows what criteria, and no elbow pads necessary as there would be ample room between tables. We walked in and sat down immediately. 

Once my coffee was placed on the table, I searched the vicinity like a junkie for Sweet'N Low, but there were no pink packets in sight. Our server saved the day by procuring some from behind a counter. A few minutes later, she dropped off some complimentary chocolate chip bread pudding. I forgot all about that from last time so it was a nice surprise and really good. 

My fritatta special with breakfast sausage, jack cheese and spinach was great. The bf had a panini with prosciutto, sharp provolone and some other items, which he loved. 

Part of me wants to be greedy and not share Cafe Lift with others, but I also want this place to be around for a long, long time so I am obligated to spread the word. Get thyself to brunch!
And Yes, Cafe Lift serves a pretty good lunch as well as breakfast. My first time having lunch here and was pleasantly pleased.

Selections for lunch were electric salads & sandwiches. I opted for the smoked salmon everything bagel. It was a DIY preparation with arugula, onions, tomatoes and mascarpone cheese with capers and onion spread.  The bagel in comparison to most was medium to large in size with speckles of poppy & sesame seeds and everything in between. The bagel sandwich was just enough food without feeling stuffed.

To wash that glorious goodness down, I had hot tea, peppermint rose. Floral freshness was an added compliment to all the other aromas swirling around my oral cavity.

All in all the lunch at Cafe Lift was another home run.
This place is straight out of "Stuff White People Like". Seriously. 

Let's go down the check list: 
Brunch? check! 
Asian Girls? check!  
Coffee and tea choices besides regular and decaf? check! 
Bikes parked outside? Check!   
Stupid Art on the Wall?  Check! 
People best suited for another line of work waiting on you? double check!   
Oh I got tired, but it ticks every box.  

This place is in a converted warehouse space and that makes it "soooo coool, and grity and like REAL".  At least it isn't as obnoxious as Morning Glory and there were actually people from Philadelphia eating there.

The service was horrible.  There were three servers on and really not that many tables.  I didn't get a napkin or a plate to put my tea bag on.  I had to ask for creme for my tea.  I didn't get syrup for my french toast.  It also took FOREVER to get service, not having to do with the kitchen speed. 

My french toast was good--it was wayyyy too sweet but that's my fault.  It was marked sweet and it had ricotta on it.   My brunching companion's mushroom frittata (co-opted white people speak for an omelet) was delicious.

I think I might try and go not on a weekend, because the food was actually pretty good.  The service will probably be better.
Not that this place needs another review BUT since brunch is my absolute favorite meal, and this place does it right, here it goes. Cafe Lift lures you in with smells of crispy pancetta and strong coffee as soon as you walk in, and suddenly you realize, this is where you should ALWAYS be for breakfast.

I came here with my fiance and it was a treacherous decision to make between ordering breakfast or lunch with so many wonderful options. Thankfully, someone nearby ordered their famous cannoli french toast and my heart skipped a beat....probably because it anticipated an artery clogging.

My beau ordered a fried egg panino, which came with pancetta, lettuce, tomato, topped with a fried egg and these amazingly soft seasoned potatoes. We seriously fought over the potatoes and the last piece of pancetta, thank god my overwhelming heap of cannoli french toast still waited for a bite.

AND LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT THIS FRENCH TOAST! It is complete heaven on earth, clogging good decision making and your arteries all at once. It is plated so beautifully, I took about 6 pictures and had a hard time actually cutting into the clouds of whip cream and sprinkles of chocolate shavings and pistachios. This is definitely big enough to feed 3 adults.

I also love Cafe Lift, because although they have a million reviews about being awesome, they don't let it get to their heads. The service was very friendly, they saw me taking pictures of my food and I promised the staff a yelp shout out.....yes you guys rock AND wear really cute outfits!

Parking is horrible around here but that first sip of warm delicious coffee will ease all that tension. So come here and tip well --cash only!
Little behind on my review and playing catch up.

Thank you to the Yelping community for your suggestion to have brunch here. The food is out of the ball park here and the ambiance is totally hip. Lots of hipsters in their 20's and 30's. Fun place to visit and just relax and unwind.

Once you walk in the place is packed on Sunday Mid-Day. Hostess are sweet- take your name and ask you to sit in the wait area or outside where there are patio table and chair by the entrance on the sidewalk. They come and look for you when table is read to go.

This place takes cash only. It is a Bring Your Own Beer/Liquor. Someone at another table brought Champagne.

We ordered Cafe Lattes. Needed that pick me up for a fun filled day out in Philly.

You definitely must order the Cannoli French Toast. A sweet tooth delight! Who would imagine Cannoli on French Toast. Sheer Genius. Simply Scrumptious! The French toast is so moist and the sweetness of the Cannoli gives it that kick and the richness of the Ricotta Cheese. Did not pour any syrup on the toast. That is how tasty it was. Wanted to order a second one but we had the Avocado Toast coming out as well.

About that Avocado Toast- Over easy egg cut with a fork and drips onto the sourdough bread. Just makes my mouth water for another piece.

Folks I am a glutton for delectable, scrumptious food that makes my taste buds yearn for more. Will be back again to this establishment the next time that I am out in Philly.

Great service with staff even though they running all over the place for they take time to answer your questions and even gave suggestions of where the hot spots to visit in Philly.
CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.




lemon ricotta pancakes. 

CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.

no wait to be seated, friendly server, delicious iced coffee. 


CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.
This place is right by my house, and thank god for that. I've been here twice now, once for lunch and once for breakfast. The thing that I appreciate about everything that I've eaten (and drank) here is the attention to detail and quality. They have updated versions of lots of breakfast classics, for instance, I like their take on eggs benedict. Last time I had the cannoli french toast. I only finished half of it, but it was definitely a delicacy. They give you large portions, so don't worry about leaving hungry. 

Basically, they offer the full package: great brunch, good coffee/tea, pleasant, laid back atmosphere. The wait staff is friendly too, even though they get accused of being too hipster.
Sweet & Savoury...

On the same plate?! Unheard of for a Brit but my gorgeous other half recommended we go here for brunch as we couldn't decide on which to have and he said they have a great selection of both.

The place is cute & on entering looks like an industrial lift (lol). We had a short (3min wait) for a table & I carefully examined the menu. There are too many tasty treats here so I was keen to know if they could deliver the goods (my stomach thought my neck had been cut, it was growling so loud)

My guy suggested sweet & savoury dishes to share - wise choice - the portions are HUGE!! We got the famous Canolli French Toast and the Roasted Pepper Pizza.

Oh my damn!! I never had a pizza like that -- EVER!

The crust was crisp and not soggy in the slightest for the delicious & fresh toppings of sauce, cheese, peppers, artichokes, drizzled balsamic and some other yummies that sent me into orbit. I could barely finish 1 and a half slices.

Onto the famed Canolli French Toast which is, OH MY DAMN!! Just go to the menu and see for yourself...in fact, just get yourself into Cafe Lift. You will enjoy the ride!

The customer service is efficient & pleasant. This isn't a huge place but well spaced tables and a light & airy feel make you feel cosy among the wanna-be arty, old head Gen X'ers, those trying to 'find themselves' and local types.

Also to my delight, they serve English Breakfast Tea to wash it all down.

...as others said, bring cash - no cards accepted.
You're set for brunch if you can make it here before 11am... I've been many times and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes.  The prices are also incredibly reasonable.

As tempted as I am by the sweet side of the menu I normally stick with the breakfast burrito or the tomato, pesto + mozzarella frittata.  I favor the burrito because of their delicious home made hot sauce.  I've sent the frittata back more than once because it was a little too runny, but I think it's mostly due to the fresh tomato in the dish (and I like my eggs well done).  

Next on my list?  The lemon ricotta pancakes.
My girlfriend was visiting from out of town so I decided to take her to Cafe Lift for brunch after reading the raving reviews and seeing some amazing pictures. We got there at about 12:30 pm on a Saturday and walked into a pretty full house. We were told it would be about a 15 minute wait, which we didn't mind so we took a seat at the entrance. Only 5 minutes later, we were approached by the friendly host to tell us our table was ready! SCORE!

Although their sweet items sounded absolutely incredible (some examples being Cannoli French Toast, Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, and Nutty Monkey Crespelle), I was craving something savory and chose the Avocado Toast. My friend chose the Crab Eggs Benedict which was their special. 

Service was phenomenal, as our items came out just moments after ordering. I also commend them on great presentation because both items looked fantastic! The Avocado Toast was good, although nothing in particular stood out to me about it (besides the presentation). The open faced toasted ciabatta bread was thick with a nice crunch to it. The mashed avocado was fresh and of a generous portion. I also enjoyed the perfectly arranged over easy eggs. The Avocado Toast was topped with charred asparagus which was a unique addition, although I could have passed on it. 

My friend enjoyed her Crab Eggs Benedict which I was happy to hear!

Some things to note: 1) Cash only. BOO to that. :\ 2) BYO so bring your beverage of choice along if you are feeling a boozy brunch! 3) They do not take reservations so keep in mind that you might be waiting a bit. 

All in all, I had a wonderful first experience and do plan to return again. I think next time I'm going to make sure I'm craving something sweet though and opt for the French Toast or Pancakes! :)
Our server was very attentive and very quick.  I remember thinking how nice it was to see cappuccinos and lattes on the menu.  The menu is pretty standard for a brunch destination.  Maybe a bit unimaginative, but by no means disappointing - and I'm willing to try them again in hopes to be blown away...  The crepey thing I had wasn't bad, and the breakfast potatoes really stood out, they were cooked to a perfect consistency and properly seasoned.

On another note, the atmosphere is reminiscent of an underground NYC nightclub (sans oppressive techno,) which may not be for everyone, but it didn't bother me.  Try it out.
move over sabrina's....i think i have found a new brunch love.  
part of me didn't want to write this review, because i'm selfish.  i want to keep this place all for myself.  but i can't help it.  i can tell you that since i've been here, i've been telling everyone about this place.  it's like when you're in a new happy relationship and you want everyone to know and you can't stop thinking about it.
well, that's me and cafe lift.  the food--amazing...anything from sweet to savory (how bout those lemon ricotta pancakes?!?!?!).  coffee--la colombe.  dingy warehouse setting.  and you can sit at the counter and have a very zen breakfast on your own.  it makes getting up worth it.
Cafe Lift is easily a five star establishment.  I've walked by this joint dozens of times on my way to tango, but have honestly never noticed it.  I thought it was a coffee shop more so than a restaurant. 

The decor is almost industrial like, with cool paintings along the walls.  The restaurant is pretty large as well, which makes sense since rent is probably much cheaper here than in Center City proper.  

Service at Cafe Lift was excellent - the waitresses were incredibly helpful, friendly, and happy in general.  Food at Cafe Lift was equally great - we had the eggs florentine (poached eggs with spinach, crab meat, potatoes, truffled hollandaise all served with two slices of Italian bread), sausage frittata (spicy Italian fennel sausage, spinach, and mozzarella cheese), and the cannoli french toast (challah bread, cinnamon vanilla custard, bananas, chocolate, pistachios, ricotta cannoli filling). 

Each dish was seasoned perfectly, with little room for improvement.  The cannoli french toast is a must try. I'm hungry again just writing this review. 

I normally would ding a restaurant one star for being cash only, but the food and service here was good enough that I won't this time!
"Lift me up before you go go" - Wham said it... not me (Kinda)

On a more serious note... Get GO GO'n to this hip, hidden brunch gem!

I wish I could tell you they had this sickly amazing diabetic friendly sugar-free caramelized french toast loaded with sweet addictive gunk, fresh fruits and whip cream... but sadly they don't have that, nor does ANY brunch spot... HINT HINT (Hope your reading Management).

What THEY do have though, is a ridiculously tasty selection of brunch dishes to choose from.

I myself ordered the Eggs Benedict... TWO THUMBS UP (WAY UP)

A few of my girlfriends (who are lucky enough to have sugar) decided to treat themselves to the amazing special.....

BREAKFAST CRACK... a.k.a "Special" Pumpkin Cannoli French Toast with Maple Syrup & Walnuts. They looked like they were in heaven, lucky bastards!

Great place to take friends visiting in town or mom & pop..

Go ahead, see for yourself ;-)
I've lived around the corner from Cafe Lift for a year now, and I only just went there for the first time about a month ago.  I went again this morning, and I have to say, I really like this place.  I wish I had started going there sooner.

Cafe Lift is a lunch/brunch place located on the bottom floor of a new-ish loft/condo building.  The decor is industrial chic, with concrete ceilings, exposed air ducts, and colorful but streamlined furnishings.  If you're flying solo, you can eat at the counter, or you can settle into one of their many tables if you go with friends.  The cafe is also a good place to see work by local artists displayed on the walls.  

The food selection is wonderful - exactly what I want in a brunch.  Their brunch menu usually consists of various frittatas, paninis, and other breakfast foods.  I especially like the Jens Crespelle (eggs, turkey bacon, and fontina in an Italian-style crepe covered in maple syrup) and their various frittatas.  I had the proscuitto frittata today, only I substituted tomatoes for the roasted red peppers.  The eggs in the frittata are airy and perfectly cooked, and the proscuitto, gorgonzola, tomatoes, and sweet onions complemented each other very well.  I imagine that their pizzas, salads, and paninis are also good, given that they use a lot of good cheeses, etc. in their food.  I'm also happy that they have fresh-squeezed orange juice, and their coffee is very good.

The staff is friendly, although I did not get free bread pudding as an appetizer either time I've visited (maybe Keith M. is special?).  I definitely recommend this place if you're in search of a good brunch spot or if you live in the area (so-called "Loft District," but it's really misfit area around Broad and Spring Garden that's not really a neighborhood yet).  

This place is a wonderful spot to stop by for coffee (regular, latte, etc.), lunch during the week, or brunch on the weekends.  It's also hipster-central, so expect a younger, urban clientele.
My favorite brunch place in the city.

Everything I've had was great. Any Huevos Rancheros fan will have an epiphany here. The Lemon Ricotta Pancakes were light and fluffy, with the right amount of flavor (and I don't like lemon). The Cannoli French Toast is a bit too sweet for me, but complemented by La Colombe coffee.

They have many vegetarians options and healthy options as well. The portions are right, and the food does not feel heavy or greasy.

Only thing, the interior is spacious and industrial, and it tends to get a little chilly.
After going to the Mad Decent Block Party that proved to be, for lack of better words, Mad Decent, my friends and I were craving some food and decided to seek out a brunch that was mad decent to go along with the flavor of the afternoon. Since I knew Cafe Lift was the closest spot it was my first to recommend. But alas it proved to be just decent.

I definitely see the potential that can lift this place higher. It does brunch six nights a week (closed Mondays), and it doubles as a nice coffeehouse, albeit a La Colombe which by now you know I find to be a mixed bag. But with bottomless cups during brunch it's something I can live with. It's also owned by the people behind Prohibition Taproom which I enjoy.

But the main area where I found Cafe Lift to be lacking was food prep. While I definitely found the potential to make it's menu excellent, there was something about the result that was more than a little inconsistent. The middle portion of my mushroom fritata was divine, especially the parts where you could really taste the gorgonzola. But the crust of it was so dry and bland that I found myself ravaging the center. The home fries style potatoes were excellent when they tasted like potatoes. But too many of them were overcooked to the point that they tasted like rubber!

So it goes without saying that the bar wasn't lifted very high. But it did have enough to merit curiosity. To be continued?
I got totally spoiled while in Philly for a work trip.  

Lift Cafe will forever be one of my most favorite breakfast places EVER!

I would have eaten here everyday, but they open at 9am which was too late for a working girl like myself.

I always favor salty over sweet for breakfast, but decided to try the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes.  SO FREAKING GOOD!  The pancakes weren't overly sweet and the fresh strawberries and thicky thick whip cream were heavenly!  

My coworker got the French Toast which were HUGE and she kept saying that it was the best french toast she has ever had.  The servings were huge with tons of fresh fruit.

The service was great, and the building and decor are funky which was really fun.  Overall this was a great find and I'll be back.
I don't think... I've ever felt so comfortable in a cafe! You walk in, it's just super chill, roomy and oh so cute!!! 

I love the atmosphere here and absolutely love the service. Sam was so sweet, thoughtful and accommodating. I just adored her! 

I ordered a mocha with soy, the turkey panini and finished off with an espresso. My meal was very filling and happy to say I'm leaving super satisfied! 

For real, this is a great place to stop by in the morning, eat a good meal and collect your thoughts. Most cafe layouts can be so compact that it makes you feel rushed and quite possibly claustrophobic... not this place - so roomy for everyone. Love it!

Yeah... I have a good feeling this will be my go to place in the mornings. :)
When my little sister said she's going to take me to a brunch place that had cannoli french toasts, I said such thing did not exist.

On this very rare occasion, she proved me wrong.

When we walked in, I was truly pleased with the decor. It's super duper cute. I could image the place being in a magazine...preferably Ikea's fall 2010 catalog. There's nothing wrong with that as I love me some Ikea furniture!

Okay, back to what's important - food! So we got the famous cannoli french toast and mushroom frittata with a side of potatoes. I was uber excited about my choices(which translates into high expectations). Well, expectations are all met!! The cannoli french toast was sprinkled with love, I mean grated chocolate, fresh banana slices, cannoli cream all on top of 3 pieces of french toast. YUM! I don't even like sweets..but this was fantastic. What's more amazing? The mushroom frittata. Everything about that dish was perfect. Mushroom, onions, goat cheese, spices, whole grain toast, potatoes...I'm salivating. When all dishes got to the table, I regretted getting the side of potatoes because mushroom frittata came with a side of potatoes... WRONG again. I am still thankful that I made that small mistake. The potatoes were mucho delicioso. 

I can go on and on about micro details and what not of how amazing this place was to me but I think you should just try it. It will be worth your money. I sense that I'll be their regular very soon.
(I was challenged to write this review to the tune of "Higher" by Creed. Blame him, not me. CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!)

When dreaming... of all that makes brunch amazing
Mind goes to... this cafee-eehh-ehhhh.
At sunrise, can't wait to walk on in
I never wanna leave the comfort of this place
Yes, there's a hunger, yearning for some bacon
Every day that I'm awakeeeeee.
So let's go there
Try to beat the rush
C'mon, let's go there.
Can you pass the pancakes?

Lift will take you higher.
French toasts makes some blind men see...
Lift will take you higher...
And it's found on 13th Street.

They offer breakfast all day long
Helps me to appreciate
Those noon French toast dreams...
But my friend, don't sacrifice the savory
My god those eggs, they're heavenly, I could scream!
Cash only, but worth it
Your love will replace all hateeeee [of the atm fees?]

Lift will take you higher.
French toasts makes some blind men see...
Lift will take you higher...
And it's found on 13th Street.

This spot is a gem. Unfortunately, not a hidden one, and if you come too late, you'll be waiting in a long line with all the rest of the brunch-bunch. But, seriously: it's worth it. Delicious, not a long wait, the smells alone are ALMOST worth the trip. Keep your eyes on the rotating French toast specials, and the huevos rancheros everyone raves about are worth the hype. 

10/10 would go again. Can't even wait.
Yum yum yum. Brunch never tasted so delicious. I am reminiscing about the wonderful food I tasted today at Cafe Lift. This place is a BYOB (which I love) so you can bring champagne to mix with one of their orange juice carafes ($5). I ordered "Jens Crespelle" (scrambled eggs, bacon & fontina cheese rolled in an italian style crepe) OMG to die for. I am a huge lover of bacon- and not only was the bacon high-quality thick slices, it was packed into this crepe.  My friend ordered the traditional plain-jane 2 eggs w/ toast, potatoes and breakfast sausage. The potatoes are absolutely delicious, seasoned with herbs. We really enjoyed our meal here today. They stay open until 4pm on Sundays, so if you had a long night and rolled out of bed at 1pm... You still have plenty of time to eat some breakfast. So what if it's 3pm!! I can't wait to come back and sample something else. Good job Cafe Lift.
I'm still really mixed about this place, but left happy so I decided to give it 4 stars.  Here is my opinion:

Upon entering Cafe Lift, I was a little nervous.  The phrase "never judge a book by it's cover" doesn't apply to me eating in restaurants since I'm a tad OCD and things need to look a certain way for me to be happy.  Nonetheless, we were seated quickly at a quaint booth to the side of the room and given menus.  My pleasure with our table quickly dissipated after hearing the girl seated to my right speak.  "Oh what an f-in f-, he is like, such a, like, f-in jerk.  Like.  Ugh."  This conversation went on the entire time we were there, but hey, you can't control who walks in your front door so I won't hold it against Cafe Lift.

I have to agree with the comment below about this place resembling a hispter cafeteria.  It definitely does, but not in an offensive way and it gives the place character, so I liked it.  We took a gander at the menu, and after ordering some coffee we made our selections.  The "Nutty Monkey" crepe for me, and the Frittata for my other half.  The crepe was humongous, covered in a dollop of whipped cream.  I was expecting it to be warm and melty, so I was a little disappointed when I took my first bite and it was cold.  There was nutella and some freshly sliced banana inside, and although not warm, it was certainly delicious.  The frittata was wonderful as well, and came with some breakfast potatoes on the side.  

Our meal amounted to $22, not bad for coffee and brunch.  Take heed: this place is CASH ONLY, but they do have an ATM in the corner in case your wallet is empty.  (A surcharge of $1.50 - not bad for the city in our opinion).  It got very busy after we were there for a while (around 11:30 it was packed), so when it came time to get the bill and our change, it did take a few minutes to flag someone down.  The servers were all SO friendly and we really enjoyed ourselves.  I would definitely recommend it for a casual brunch with friends.
Oh how I wish my pants had an elastic band.  Just finished brunch with 8 friends at Cafe Lift and it was gut-bustingly delicious.  Since they don't take reservations, I arrived early to see if I could get a table in the works for our large group.  By the time everyone arrived, we were seated without a problem and popping bottles of champagne for mimosas (it's byo, by the way).

Our server was efficient and kept the oj coming.  I ordered a fritatta with pancetta, sauteed onions, roasted red peppers and gorgonzola.  In an effort to curb calories somewhere in the meal, I asked for egg whites.  This was met with some hesitation (something about the fritatta not rising with only egg whites), so I asked for all the same ingredients in an egg white omelet.  When breakfast arrived soon after, my egg white frittata was indeed on the plate... so not sure what all the rising business was about, but it was fantastic!  Whole grain toast and potatoes were served alongside.  

9 people left absolutely stuffed for under twenty bucks a person.  I will definitely be back!
Solid brunch destination - but like most good brunch places in the city, get ready to wait (not as lengthy as Honey's or Sabrina's, and definitely faster for two-tops).  This fresh industrial place (with sadly only ONE restroom - ONE!) is a bit in the middle of nowhere, on a stretch of 13th street between Callowhill and Spring Garden (although, can you imagine if and when the Reading Viaduct Project becomes a reality how most weird pockets around this track will become linked and just make sense?  I digress...)

Like all solid brunches places, it offers:  La Colombe coffee at the helm, quick, amiable service, quick kitchen, conservative menu with a reasonable list of appealing options, affordability, byob. There are places to wait both inside and out (hope that it's a nice day if it's packed) - and on average I've only had to wait anywhere from 15 to 20 minutes to get a table (but it definitely depends on how big your party is).  Most solid option there (and the most guaranteed) to fill you up is the crespelle, both the breakfast or lunch option (a thin crepe 'burrito' filled with yummy contents) is sure to please.

My only wish is that one could order one or a small pancake or something sweet on the side (as they offer at a couple places)  and that it wasn't just cash only - otherwise, it's a consistently good place (five years and counting) to get your brunch on.
spotted: three hungry stomachs on 13th street north of callowhill. as it turns out, they were on the search for a quick and affordable brunch, landing themselves at cafe lift. they seemed a bit out of their element, these city folk on this deserted strip of town. and yet they were all too happy spotted leaving the cafe an hour later. 

it seems they had friendly service and a short wait (a rarity for big city folk), as well as generous helpings of the sausage frittata, plum tomato frittata, and the chicken crespelle. apparently so good, these hungry souls stuffed themselves to the seams. maybe that's why they appeared so content in spite of the industrial warehouse setting, the unventilated smoky interior, the decidedly hipster clientele, and the slighty tacky furniture choice. you know you'd never find me in this part of town, i'm more of an upper east side gal.*

so then who's the insider that clued me in on these events? well, that's a secret i'll never tell. you know you love me. xoxo...


*please note, this is written in character, and does not actually reflect the opinions of the writer :)
Solid 4 star experience every time. Service usually good: attentive and polite. A couple snafus like menu doesn't mention side of potatoes included for a meal therefore they let us order a side of potatoes and we ended up with a surplus. But they're tasty red skinned ones so I'm not complaining. 

Coffee not La Colombe as it is at every other brunch place in the area. Still good! Try their homemade hot sauce (you won't find Sriracha here). Swap turkey bacon for the ham on the eggs Benny if you are sensitive to salt.
Came here for brunch on a Saturday morning at around 12 and it was relatively noisy, but there was no wait for a table and our server was super friendly. 
I got the eggs Florentine with a side of lemon ricotta pancake and my friend got the mushroom toast with a side of blueberry pancake. Everything was amazing, especially the lemon ricotta pancake--it comes with strawberries and melts in your mouth! Also, the potatoes that come with the food are so well seasoned. I still dipped mine in ketchup, but my friend didn't and she still thought they were the best home fries she's ever had. The eggs Florentine comes with crab, which in my opinion was such a refreshingly different take on your ordinary breakfast eggs. 
Also, their menu says they're cash only, but they do take credit card. There's an ATM machine inside if you would prefer to pay with cash, though.
Came with my sister for brunch on Saturday morning. Okay, the place was full and busy but it didn't look understaffed, but my sister and I stood at the entrance looking lost for a while until someone decided to come up to us and find a table. From there, service was pretty awful, which is unfortunate because the french toast selections were great. I picked one of their brunch special french toasts and after what felt like a 20 min wait, a plate of the wrong french toast was delivered to me (which I didn't realize until a server came and took the plate away and said it was the wrong one). After that, it took another 10-15 min wait to have our table cleared and once the check was dropped, our server was practically missing and we sat around for another 20 mins until they came back to pick it up.

I'd definitely give the place another try just for their french toast.
First time at Cafe Lift and loved it.  All day brunch?  Yes!  Every day? Yes!  The decor is pretty cool with various paintings up for sale and the tables are pretty unique.  

We ordered the French toast and the PB and J pancakes.  The French toast came out warm,  slightly crispy exterior and chewy middle.  It's smothered with cinnamon apples and syrup and comes with a side of whipped marscapone.  I think it's better than Sabrina's stuffed French toast

The PB and J was very filling!  It was three pancakes with smooth (non chunky) peanut butter and sweet jelly on top of the light and fluffy pancakes.  The pancakes were also topped with bananas, which was a nice touch. 

Overall, one of the best brunch places in the city and it's BYOB!! Only downside is that it's cash only, but it probably doesn't have as long as a wait s Green Eggs or Sabrina's.
I was really looking forward to my brunch on Saturday after reading so many good reviews of this place and hearing that the food was great. Unfortunately my experience at Lift was far from enjoyable. 

Service was unbelievably poor. The wait staff were all totally out of it. We had to ask twice for coffee refills and when I asked a waitress for a side plate she said "sure" and went to the restroom.

So, the food...

We ordered two fritattas and a fruit salad. My fruit salad sat on the counter for a good five minutes while I guess our waitress waited for the rest of the food to be done? Granted it was probably the best fruit salad I've ever gotten at a cafe. The eggs were very overcooked and my salmon fritatta had, no joke, at least a quarter cup of capers in it! Totally inedible! It made me wonder if the chef ever tasted a caper?

We finished eating, waited a good long time for our check and even longer for my change. 

Too bad, this place has potential, but I highly doubt I will return to see if it's gotten any better.
It was a drizzly Saturday morning. I shut my umbrella and shuffled into Cafe Lift. The quaint hole in the wall cafe was bustling with people, even with the gloomy weather just a wall away. 

I was happily joined by a group of friends, a total of nine, patiently awaiting a table. Ten minutes passed. Then twenty. Then thirty. Our hope for food kept diminishing as time passed. The manager was kind enough to pay us visits, telling us that they had a table done eating with the perfect capacity for us and that they were ready to get us eating the second the party had left. 
The party would not leave. There is no blame that can be put on either group. The manager was courteous and apologetic. The customers were just enjoying the homey atmosphere. 

But when the time came that they left, we finally sat down to a large crepe. 
The apologetic and bashful manager stood next to our server, offering us some free food to mull us over as they prepared our meal. 

When our dishes came out, we dived in. The crepe was a cascade of flavors, a tang of hazelnut paired with an airy cream. It was fluffy and made to perfection, with a blend of bananas and strawberries inside, sending the taste buds on an orgasmic rollercoaster of the sweet and savory to the crisp and fresh. 

The rest of the food was good, too.
I consider myself an avid bruncher.  Sabrina's, Honey's, Day by Day, even Gardenia, I know all the places.  Friends are in town?  Go to brunch.  Meeting up with a bunch of people?  Brunch.  Not sure if you want breakfast or lunch? Brunch (as an aside, I actually prefer the term "blunch"). So when I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite with a friend before our softball game today, I was surprised to see Cafe Lift had such a history of stellar brunching, as I had NEVER heard of it.

After finding a parking spot on 13th and a short walk to unassuming doorframe, we walked into a kitschy yet super mod space with amazing smells coming from all over.  Coffee and water were served and my friend and I decided on spitting a turkey bacon and egg crepe as well as the cannoli french toast.  

The crepe was great -- thin, well-filled, yet I didn't really want the syrup it was served with.  We asked for some of the spicy red pepper spread which, although a little on the hot side, was just awesome.  I loved the pickled taste combined with the heat.

As for the french toast.  My oh my.  That's all I can say.  Three nice sized pieces of challah fried and served with a hefty dollop of cannoli cream, some chocolate chips, banana slices, and pistachios.  Honestly, i can't think of a better heaven.  Yeah, I do like my french toast a little eggier and a little soggier but these are small complaints given this meal.  

At under 15 a person, this was a great value too.  It's a little out of the way for most occasions but, Cafe Lift, you are my new choice for Blunch.
I found the breakfast burrito to be pretty good. The eggs were not watery. The sausage I added was flavorful and in fair portion. This food tastes clean. This is not a sloppy hangover-cure type burrito. 

The Cream of Crab soup was slightly more tomatey/acidic from what I prefer. However, the crab flavor was there and the texture was on point (smooth and creamy).
Wow! Cafe Lift was out of this world! One of the best breakfast/brunch meals I've had in the city. I came here for brunch on a Saturday around 10am with my friend. We only had to wait about 20 minutes for a table, which I was pleasantly surprised about for a weekend and knowing how packed this place can get!

I would definitely recommend splitting entrees and sharing, because there are SO many savory and sweet selections on the menu, I just wanted to try everything! What's nice about Cafe Lift is that you can order sides of their famous pancakes as well as different breakfast meats and potatoes. So naturally, I ordered one PB and J pancake, which was undoubtedly, the most delightful pancake I've ever tasted. It literally melted in my mouth! 

We also ordered the Breakfast Burrito, Cannoli French Toast, and a side of the Spicy Fennel Sausage. The Cannoli French Toast was awesome, and I liked the fact that it had a little crunch factor with the crumbled pistachios on top. The Breakfast Burrito had just the right amount of spice to it. It's great for those who can't handle or do not like spicy food but want to have a little Mexican flair with their breakfast. 

Cafe Lift is BYO and cash only! Definitely come with a group to share meals and basically have a brunch throw down. Although I'm not vegan or vegetarian, it seems like they have some selections for that crowd as well. Take me back to Cafe Lift stat!
One of the best BYOB brunch spots in the city. You can't make any reservations but the food is worth the wait. Definitely recommend the lemon ricotta pancakes.
So, we were in town visiting the Please Touch Museum (great place for kids!), and decided to check out Cafe Lift for brunch before heading back to NYC.  I'm so glad that I yelped this place because they are flat out serving awesome food!

The restaurant is located on a pretty non descript side street.  They close at 3pm on Saturdays (we made it just in time).  They're cash only, but bigups to them for having an ATM in the restaurant.  The service was pleasant and prompt.  No attitudes tossed in our direction...but then again, I do have one of the cutest kids to grace this planet, so maybe he melted their hipster hearts.

I had the droolworthy Pumpkin Cannoli French Toast.  Yeah, I could just end this review right here.  That dish was off the charts good!  It was challah bread with pumpkin cannoli filling with maple soaked walnuts, and bittersweet chocolate.  The description on the menu doesn't give it justice.  It came to the table looking absolutely amazing, and it tasted even better.  My guy is still talking about it, and it wasn't even his dish.

My son ordered Buttermilk pancakes with chocolate chips, strawberries, blueberries, maple syrup, and homemade whipped cream.  He couldn't finish half of it, that's how big the order was.  The whipped cream was cold, and probably the best homemade whipped cream that I've ever had.

My guy ordered a meat lover's wet dream...the Cubano Panini.  Grilled pork tenderloin, smoked ham, fontina cheese, carmelized onions, and mustard aioli.  Yeah, he beasted it.  I can't even tell you how it tasted because I wasn't invited to that particular party.  

All in all, we'll come back to Philly and head straight over to Cafe Lift.  They know what they're doing over there.
So I met up with my High School buddy on Sat. Thought she would love this place. I got there early enough for parking right outside. She got there about 11ish.It got packed. Looked on the chalkboard, Special-Pumpkin cannoli French Toast with maple syrup & walnuts-OMG!!! WE got seated, she ordered a mushroom Gorgonzola fritatta-let me say-it was to die for!!! We got small plate, she took 1/2 of mine, she gave me some of hers!! Yummy!! The texture in the cheese-plus gave it nice tangy saltiness which didn't need any extra salt or seasoning.There were caramelized red onions,it was just lovely , with side of roasted potatoes cut into chunks-seasoned with herbs. The coffee came coming & our waiter did us well.Many happy returns! : )
I'm not sure how I've gone so many weeks searching "Brunch" on Yelp and not managed to eat here yet. It should be at the top of everyone's to-eat list. I'll start my review by saying Cafe Lift's location is best described as a diamond in the rough, not far from Callowhill on 13th street. My dining partner and I walked in around 11am on Sunday morning and were seated almost instantly. This was pleasantly surprising due to the fact that the place was packed and many groups of 3+ were waiting to be seated. The service was excellent with quick, attentive, and friendly servers. I ordered the breakfast burrito sans mushrooms while my dining partner ordered the French Toast topped with fresh fruit and a side of whipped cream. Both were fantastic and priced under $10. I will for sure be back at some point for the cannoli french toast, because it looked amazing. 

Hey management, if you're reading this...it would be awesome if you throw a waffle on your menu. I have full confidence it would be spectacular.
Huevos rancheros and delicious coffee count me in.

Cafe Lift is an awesome little brunch spot, making a strong play to be one of my favorites. There were about 10 items on the menu that I wanted, but settled on my favorite morning time treat. They were not too traditional, but they were delicious, and my brunch date's eggs with crab and magic (not sure if they actually used magic, but...) were fantastic too. I was more than glad to help her finish the plate.

The decor is open and friendly with seating for couples and groups. I guess my only gripe is that it is cash only and I had to run up to 12 and Spring Garden in the rain to hit an ATM (2.75 connivence fee, ouch).
Poppin bottles with the ice like a blizzard ...... 
Well thats sort of what we did armed with 3 bottled of bubbles we descended on Cafe Lift.. to get well lifted.
There were six of us so we had a slight wait but once we were seated it was on ! 
I decided on the tomato frittata with pesto. The frittata was  overflowing with asparagus , mozzarella cheese and tomatoes then  drizzled with pesto pretty much a party in my mouth. The egg dish came along side a few (i do mean a few) roasted breakfast potatoes and toast. The potatoes were pretty good i just wish there was more a little more taters on my plate. The only downside to brunch was the cash only business luckily KP never hesitates to have a bank roll on her and i downloaded the pay pal app so i could repay her pronto.
Will i be back oh yeah
I agree with fellow yelpers about: the pretentious staff, being ignored by servers, rude attitudes and hit-or-miss service.

The first time I came here with my significant other, it was an amazing experience. I ordered a frittata and French toast with seasonal berries to share. My significant other got an omelette and the breakfast potatoes.

It was heavenly: heaping portions, tasty and it totally hit the spot.

We couldn't wait to return.

Another Sunday we excitedly arrive at CL. I run up and check on the wait while the SO drives around looking for a space. 

Here is where everything goes left: I enter the restaurant and wait for a hostess or server to acknowledge me. One minute goes by, three minutes, then five, then almost ten. Staff whisks by and other patrons are seated. I finally see servers looking at me and discussing which one wants to serve me. No takers. More time goes by and more people are seated. Finally I give up and leave. Although I wish I had said something then, I just felt so bad. Hard to articulate yourself when you feel ignored and helpless. 

I called and spoke with the owner/manager soon after. She was apologetic. 

It's a recession and Cafe Lift has competition: Honey's, Sabrina's, etc. I patronize establishments that respect my time and money. I will NEVER pay to feel less than. Good food does not equal people putting up with unprofessional servers.
My husband and I have been coming to Cafe Lift for a number of years, (we live within walking distance); and I've been remiss about writing a review. The service today prompted me to put something in writing.
(General notes are that the food is solid; but when crowded, the din is almost unbearable. Also, we're not young people; we bring up the median age of diners by at least 20 years).

Past reasons I should have given this establishment a positive review:
1) They once had a version of the Monte Cristo sandwich, (a special); that was so unbelievably tasty, (this diner classic is a personal favorite. . . Ham, turkey and swiss on french toast; with rasberry jam? Are you kidding me?), it knocked my socks off. My only complaint is that I've not seen it featured a second time.    :-)
2) We were once visiting on a weekday morning when it was fairly quiet, (this is notable because I could actually hear the music coming through the speakers). The songs featured were a great mix of progressive 80's music. I told the server that whoever chose the music that morning should be complimented, (turns out it was someone in the kitchen). A few minutes later a free breakfast treat was delivered to us; apparently our compliment was well-received.

The reason I'm writing today is that we stopped by today around noon, (later than we normally visit), and it was very crowded, (not surprising for a Sunday). They estimated the wait would be about 20 minutes, and the estimate was pretty accurate.
The restaurant was full, and we were seated next to a boistrous table of 9 who apparently recently finished the Broad Street Run. The folks at the table were clearly enjoying each other's company and were not misbehaving in any way; that said, my husband and I could not even hear each other talk. The server delivered our coffee and asked us a question; I indicated we couldn't even hear her, and I made a, 'I'm cranky and it's just too noisy' face.
She turned and went to the hostess counter and efficiently moved us to a table at the other end of the room. It was still noisy, but much quieter than the side near the table of 9.
Now, due to the other Yelp reviews about the noise, I'm guessing that this wasn't the first time the staff heard complaints about the establishment being too loud. But they solved the problem quickly and efficiently, (without complaint), and I very much appreciated it. This is a sign of good managment, and I want to compliment the staff for taking such good care of us.

We will gladly visit again, (but perhaps not on a Sunday morning).
We came here for Sunday brunch without reservation at like 8:30/9:00 and were were quickly seated. 

Our waitress was amazing. She was so helpful and just a great person. She was very knowledgeable about the menu. 

We ordered coffee and mint mocha ice tea. It was sooooo good and not overly sweet. I highly recommend it. 

The Heuvos Rancheros. Was. The. Business. The. GOAT. That sauce that you can dip your potatoes in. WOW! I normally hate this dish but it was deliciously perfect. 

I ordered pancakes, side of perfectly cooked medium eggs, and a side of turkey bacon. The fruits on top were fresh and the pancake was flavorful all on its own. It was slightly sweet. 

It reminds me of Little Spoon but only slightly expensive ($2 or so). This is definitely a gem! I highly recommend this place.
I've been BANNED!  Oh no!

Here's how it happened:

I've only been to Lift a couple of times. On one occasion my friend had the French toast, which was pretty good, but I had the huevos rancheros, which was cold when it reached the table.  I asked for Tabasco but was told there is none. More tellingly, from the look I got, you might have thought I had advocated the clubbing of baby seals!  Apparently, at Cafe Lift, mere customers are not permitted to tinker with the Chef's creations!

I don't think I ever saw a member of the staff smile.  Or even hint at a smile.  To my eye the countenances of the staff are more reminiscent of a concentration camp than anything else.  Because it's hip!  And Industrial!  And we wear black!  And smiling is so 2006!

Still, it's around the corner, so I went a few weeks ago in seach of a late breakfast.  After I sat down with a friend a person who I think is the owner came over and told me (in front of my companion) that Lift wouldn't be serving me any more and that I wasn't welcome next door at Prohibition Taproom either - because I complain about the food and the quality of the service.

You know those signs that say "If you like the food, tell a friend.  If you don't, tell us!"  They don't have that sign at Cafe Lift.  

In fact, the owner knew who I was from visits to the Taproom next door, but he had never before engaged me in converation.  Rather than ask why I have always been disappointed by the place, he informed me that "everyone else loves it here."  In our first and only encounter he chose to embarrass me in front of my companion by making me persona-non-fed.

But in their defense, if you want food served THEIR way by sullen people who are hipper than you, Cafe Lift is a great choice!
Best brunch I've ever had. They have the best house coffee--full of flavor, rich and unlimited refills. No need to get the fancy shmancy latte shenanigans because the coffee was delectable.

If you're in for something sweet, order the french toast and you will not be sorry. It comes topped with fresh blueberries, banana slices, strawberries and mango bits. The whipped cream is also delicious and I'm not even a big fan of the stuff.

The steak and eggs special was also absolutely delicious. The steak isn't fatty or oily, complementing the eggs really well, especially if you order it a little runny (sunny side up or over easy).

For a hipster/trendy brunch spot, the service exceeded my expectations. The host/esses and waiters/waitresses were friendly and accommodating. My suggestion is to get there around 10:30 a.m. or earlier. Any time after 10:30 a.m., it starts to get crazy hectic and really loud. My boyfriend and I went in around 9:45 and the place was maybe a quarter full and made for a peaceful brunch date until the crowds started coming in.

Can't say enough good things about this place. I've heard that the huevos rancheros are a specialty so I will probably order that next time...but with my french toast because I don't know how I could walk into that place and not order it again.
This place is a wonderful place to catch up with friends and enjoy a BYOB brunch!

I absolutely love this place but sometimes it's not worth coming out to because the lines / wait can be pretty long. The atmosphere is small but simple, so it feels like a really casual restaurant but not exactly the diner feel.

I got the avocado toast with an egg on top. Nothing too special so that's why it didn't get a 5 star in my book but I recommend getting a side of the lemon ricotta pancakes! I always want sweets after breakfast but I never want a whole order so I always get a side. But the lemon ricotta pancake with the homemade whipped cream is to die for. Super light, airy and delicate but has just the right amount of taste.

Definitely stop by but be prepared for a wait on the weekend!
Cafe Lift is quickly becoming my number 1 brunch locale for my Sunday brunches. You can always tell a great restaurant by the consistent line and/or sometimes longer than usual wait time (20-45 minutes).

I have been to Cafe Lift at least 4 or 5 times and each time is just as good as the last. Very good service, deliciously creative food in a modern industrial designed yet austerely decorated restaurant. Cash only with a convenient ATM inside the restaurant.

I have had lemon ricotta pancakes= GREAT, various style blintz's=GREAT and french toast=GREAT. Fresh squeezed OJ, peppermint rose and chai teas were also tasty. And it always a good thing when one of the long time waitresses remembers you.

Can't say enough good things about this little hidden gem of a restaurant but clearly it's not that hidden since everyone else seems to LOVE my FAV place as well.
This is a home run neighborhood brunch spot just north of City Center.  Avoid walking down 13th street since it is located in a fairly isolated and industrial spot of the city.  Once inside, the ambiance is cozy mixed with whimsy - coloful chalkboard specials, bright red plastic chairs, and jester-striped chandeliers.  Hipster waiters and waitresses add to the casual and fun vibe.  Plus the brunch is delicious.

Lemon Ricotta Pancakes: lemon ricotta baked fluffy pancakes, served with strawberries on top paired with a side of thick fresh whipped cream and honey as syrup.  It was like a sweet summer picnic on my plate.

Ham & Jalapeno Frittata: specially ordered with egg whites didn't deter this flavorful, spicy, and ultra cheesy dish.  Smoked ham, mushrooms, and cheddar are mixed with pico de gallo in this fluffy egg special.  

With endless refills of strong Columbian dripped coffee to complement our meal, friendly service, and quick orders, this is hole-in-the-wall brunch at its finest.
This place is so good for brunch. Unfortunately great food = crazy wait. So we waited about 30 mins to get seated but I was so worth it. 
The staff was really nice. They answered any question we had about the menu. And their menu has a lot of options, so it's great for a group!
The cannoli French toast is a must. I wish they gave me a little more cannoli filling though. 
And their huevos is really good too! It's probably one of the top 3 I've had in Philly. 
Having both plates, a little sweet and savory made for a perfect brunch. 
This place is CASH only!!
Absolutely love Cafe Lift! The vibe of this establishment is truly one of a kind. The music, very smooth/mellow for early AM vibes, a wide genre of music. It's BYOB which is nice! The Lavender London Fog is one of a kind! My photos attached to this review are my personal favorites - especially the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes! 

My server Isa was truly one of the kindest. Isa was truly attentive, detailed, kind and very interactive with everyone around. I appreciated the knowledge and recommendations on the menu!

I will definitely be back to visit.
You gotta know 2 things about this brunch place. Best pancakes and cubano sandwiches in town!

We ordered a blueberry pancake and a lemon ricotta pancake. Both were phenomenal 5/5. Fluffy, tasty, and not overly buttery or sweet. 

The cubano included smoked pork and ham. Good sided portion (see pics).

The huevos rancheros unfortunately were not on the same par, i think because although the over hard eggs tasted good, the chorizo lacked flavor against the tortilla. Not overly impressed 3/5.

In all, this is a great brunch place in philly and i would recommend the pancakes above everything! The cubano is a very close second in my mind.
My story of Cafe Lift starts with the  pandemic shut down. Let me explain: three days before everything closed, I had brunch here with my youngest daughter after she had a hair appointment. It felt risky. I had been to this restaurant many times for years and it is always crowded. This day it wasn't. I kind of felt in my bones that life with afternoon brunches was about be a thing of the past. We ate, talked about how weird things were starting to feel and left. That was over a year ago. And I was right. I hadn't been inside eating at a brunch place with a daughter until this afternoon. And the universe delivered us to this brunch place my youngest daughter and I dined in, the same one I was at before the beginning of the pandemic, on this day,  the day after receiving our second covid vaccination with my middle daughter. It felt like we had come full circle. And of course, the food was good, the tables were properly spaced and life felt just a little bit more normal than it has in for forever. I got the mushroom toast... served with umami mushrooms on a hunk of French bread with eggs over easy on top. Really tasty. My girl got the avocado toast on thick bread with picked beets and a wonderfully cooked, bright-yellow-center- 5-minute-egg. We started out the brunch deciding we weren't going to do "sweet" but ended up ordering a Nutella, banana crepe to share for the end and that was as good as a decision as getting vaccinated. (Okay, that's a bit of an exaggeration, but it was very delicious.) I'm glad we stopped here for good food. Life is looking up.
We came here right after the Phillies 5K run on Saturday.  We got here around 10:30-11 for a table of three.  The brunch time rush came right afterwards.  But luckily, we had no problems getting a seat.  

I ordered the eggs benedict, my friend got the smoked salmon eggs benedict and the bf got the cubano.  

The eggs benedict was super yummy with the perfect amount of hollandaise sauce.  It tasted really light and came with challah bread instead on an english muffin.  I wasn't really a fan of the roasted potato side.  I was hoping for a crispy texture.  

The cubano was great as well.  I really enjoyed the hot sauce that we got.  It was homemade and not just Tabasco or sirachi.

There's a single bathroom that required a key and that was a bit annoying.  But everything was great, I'd definitely come back.
Cafe Lift is so good! Used to brunch here with old coworkers. Friendly service, authentic neighborhood feel. 

Food Wise: Try the caesar salad, crab bisque, avocado toast, the challah French toast, lemon ricotta pancakes, blueberry pancakes, potatoes. 

Drink Wise: I've had the cafe mocha and the iced strawberry matcha latte. loved both. 

Would recommend. Especially if you're an avid brunch-goer.
Café Lift and I did not get off to a good start.

I called ahead to find out the wait for a party of two and was told it would be about 35-40 minutes. Perfect. The plan was to swing by, put our name down and then go buy a bottle of bubbly since it's a BYOB brunch. The only problem was that when we got there, two counter spots were available and my big mouth accidentally mentioned the Champaign run. Due to their seating policy, we wouldn't be able to be added to the list. Their policy isn't my reason for the three stars because it is what it is. Take the policy or leave it. I just feel it is fair to include my entire experience in my review. 

Disappointedly I left figuring we'd try Café Lift another day. My husband was determined though, so we made the bubbly run and came back to give it another try. Upon our return, our wait time was about 30-40 minutes ago. We got to waiting and I was quickly losing my patience which is NEVER a good thing when going to a popular brunch spot. We were practically across the street when my name was called about 20 minutes into the wait. It was probably a good thing because I'm not sure if I was going to come back another day to try again.

It was all up from there. Our server came over fairly quickly and seeing us with a bottle, get us quickly set up for mimosas. Since we had time to review the menu, we were pretty ready to place our order of the special French toast and the Jen's Crespelle. 

The French toast was made with challah bread topped with pumpkin cannoli filling, chipped bittersweet chocolate, and maple-soaked walnuts. The Jen's Crespelle consisted of scrambled eggs, turkey bacon and fontina cheese, rolled in an Italian-style crepe and topped with maple syrup.

The French toast platter was huge so there was more than enough for me to try, and for my husband to still have leftovers. It was almost like eating cake. It was fluffy, sweet and the maple-soaked walnuts were to die for! I couldn't really taste the pumpkin in the cannoli filling though. 

The Jen's Crespelle was the perfect balance for folks who have sweet versus savory decision issues. The crepe was thin but sturdy and housed the egg, bacon and cheese nicely. I typically don't have fontina cheese with my eggs, however it did a great job being melty and blending with the eggs. I couldn't taste any syrup when my platter initially came out, but there was a container on the table so I was able to dress the dish myself. I guess I could do that with any savory dish. I'm storing that trick away for my next brunch outing. There was also a small side of potatoes which were pretty good. They weren't fried and possibly broiled. In any case, they were very fresh. They had a nice, possibly rosemary like seasoning to them and were quite enjoyable.  

As far as the setting, we were seated right behind the hostess booth. There was enough space between us and the next table, however the restaurant was very loud. This could be due to the high ceilings in the building.  I almost felt like I was screaming at my husband to communicate with. 

Despite the initial hiccups, I enjoyed my food and am glad I ended up sticking it out at Café Lift. However with so many top notch brunch spots in the city, I won't be rushing back.
This is a bustling eatery near the Philadelphia carriage stables so we saw live horses being washed in a neighboring alley before entering the Cafe. There is a pungent horse odor but it is quickly replaced by the wonderful smell of breakfast foods as soon as you enter this amazing little place. It is very eclectic and industrial looking and there is seating for about 60 people at tables and a counter. Once seated we were offered fresh brewed coffee which was tasty and my friend ordered an espresso which she proclaimed was one of the best she had in a long time. 

Knowing the portions are large after reading the reviews we ordered meals for two for the three of us. We had a mixed mushroom frittata and the challah French toast with fruit. These were definitely splittable for three. We indulged in this feast of breakfast foods by each taking one of the pieces of French toast, and some of the fruit. Then we split the wonderful crispy baked frittata. We were definitely filled and felt we had found a nice place to eat before going back to Baltimore. The meal including tip and tax was $11 per person which was a bargain considering the amount and quality of the food we were served. 

Note: This place opens at 9 am on Saturday and Sunday. It was filled by 9:30am with people waiting inside and outside for tables. If you want to avoid those lines, go early like we did as it was starting to fill at 9:15am.
I just got from lunch from Cafe Lift, and this little cafe is sweet.  It's half a block from Prohibition Taproom and has been on my list of places to go for some time.  It's only open for brunch and lunch, and the menu is quite limited.  It's a bummer that I forgot to take pictures.

Lift markets itself as a "Euro style cafe" but basically only serves up salads and paninis.  Is that euro-style?  Despite this, there were a few really good options for the sandwiches, from salmon to prosciutto along with the one token veggie option.  I had the Cubano sandwich with grilled pork, smoked ham and pefectly caramelized onions.  Top that with fontina cheese and aioli, and you have one delicious sandwich.  I had to conciously make myself slow down because it tasted so good.

My sandwich was served with mixed greens on the side with a drop of salad dressing.  Overall, it was a weak side dish.  Our server was mostly attentive, with the only slip up being a few minutes in between the sandwiches being delivered.  That can always be awkward for a second.

Cafe Life has a pretty nice modern atmosphere, and sets a few tables outside with umbrellas when it's nice outside, which I love.  This place also serves up brunch, but from the limited lunch menu, I'm guessing that brunch doesn't feature anything outstanding.

Bottom Line: The prices are great here, the food is really good, and it's realatively close to where I work.  It's a great little spot, but it's not about to become your new favorite cafe.  Still, the paninis are well crafted and it's a great light lunch on a beautiful day.
After a treacherous walk through trash, over a deserted strip of land, and over a railroad, we came upon the hidden Cafe Lift, the delightful brunch placed we'd heard so much about. Likely due to its location, Cafe Lift is packed but with a short waiting time - we didn't wait more than 10-15 minutes for a table. 

Cafe Lift was a near perfect brunch experience - the waitress was lowkey but totally on it, the plates were filling but not overwhelmingly large. You know that godawful feeling when you've eaten too much at Sunday brunch and have no way to improve the situation? That won't happen at lift - if you order right, you'll be pleasantly plump, full and happy when leaving this delectable brunch spot. 

Our choices:
JENS CREPELLE: such a sucker for maple syrup on anything. such a yummy crepe filled with scrambled eggs, turkey bacon, drenched in maple syrup. perfection.

LEMON RICOTTA PANCAKES: so freaking fluffy. and delicious. and amazing. i would use one as a pillow if i could, and dream fabulous dreams of me eating truckloads of these pancakes. 

also a treat - check out the japanese goods store next door while you wait for a table! full of fun little knick knacks.
They have outdoor seating for COVID, and it's a segmented area of 13th St. that is pretty spacious. Cafe Lift also takes credit card, huge plus. The service was really solid and I would recommend their steak on a pretzel roll, it's super delicious and make sure you get their house hot sauce. Additionally, their traditional breakfast items like french toast are some of the best in the city. BYOB.
Food was good. But the restaurant couldn't handle the crowd. They did a terrible job seating parties larger than 2. Our wait was estimated to be 45 min, and was an hour 20.

Also, there's one toilet for the entire restaurant. I had to wait for 20 minutes to get in, behind 10 people in line.

Customer service was a joke. 

Would not recommend.
This place is definitely over hyped. I had some pretty high expectations going in which I don't think were really met. I'd give the staff a 10/10. We went on a Sunday around 10am. Fortunately, we didn't have to wait as we were seated right away. The waiter was attentive and friendly. 

The ambiance was cool but it was SO loud. It's not a very large place, but it was hard to hear myself think. 

And to the food - it was OK. Didn't blow me away, not dying to come back. It reminded me of typical diner food. We got the Philly BEC and the Salmon Benedict. 

Definitely a great spot if you're hungover, but don't think I'll be back for a nice breakfast.
Such a cute little brunch spot, great for small groups/couples and the casual food instagrammer. There's almost always a wait, but there is a nice waiting area and they give you a text when your table is ready.

Almost everything I've eaten here has been great; portions don't look very big, but are relatively filling. An average dish is about $9-13 dollars. The coffee is pretty good too. I don't typically like sweet breakfasts (I'm more of a savory kind of person), but I LOVE their lemon ricotta pancakes. 

I'd say one of the only downsides is that the service can be hit or miss. I've had times where it'll be great service even when it's really crowded, and other times where it's taken 3x as long as it should to get anything, even a refill on the coffee (free coffee refills are amazing and beautiful). You're also almost always sitting in close proximity to others, and there's just one bathroom. This place is still one of my go-to brunch places in Philly though.
Best for a gals brunch! It is BYOB so we came with three bottles of champagne for a much needed catch up. They offered to store our champagne in the fridge and kept the OJ coming.

I ordered the breakfast philly cheesesteak and it was AWESOME. The runny egg soaked nicely into the pretzel bun. I will dream about it for sure.

My friend actually got a bit of plastic in her breakfast burrito, but the manager was super cool about it. He replaced the burrito right away, and even gave us a complimentary big chocolate chip cookie. They know how to make things right!

There can be a wait, so get there early, but it moves fast. There are nice tables outside to wait and some indoor space too.
We arrived today (Saturday) at 11:00AM and were seated right away. It's a nice, spacious, loft-like ambiance inside. As soon as we were seated, our server placed a carafe of ice water on our table.... always a plus. Tasty food, creative dishes, nice size portions and our server was friendly/proficient.  

- Lemon Ricotta Pancakes: Tasted very light and tasty. You could see the small bits of lemon rinds in the cakes, added a nice dimension to the ricotta. The cakes were topped with fresh strawberries with a side of honey & homemade whipped cream. (very tasty whipped cream, almost tasted kind of like Mascarpone)

- Fried Egg Panino:  The panini style sandwich came with  two fried eggs, crispy pancetta, plum tomatoes, arugula, and fontina cheese, served with homemade hot chili spread on the side. The sandwich was delicious!  Man, the chili spread worked brilliantly with the sandwich. I think I would of liked the bread (Focaccia bread?) a little more crispy......  maybe  Ciabatta bread would even be better.... maybe not.

As a side note: They have  free, 2-hour street parking in front of the cafe. When we had arrived, all spaces were taken. We had driven around the blocks a few times, no luck. We decided to bite the bullet and park at the $7.00 for all day parking lot located diagonally across the street from the cafe...... turns out that they charge you  M-F but on Saturday it seemed to be free. Well, I think it is free....... I didn't get any parking violation  tickets on my windshield, didn't get towed and the lot's booth was unmanned. 

We liked this place and will return, we see a lot more items on the menu that we would like to try.
While looking for a brunch place close to where i was staying, i was surprised to come across this pace with such great reviews. it's not in a particularly high traffic part of the city, or near anything else, but i was curious to see for myself. while walking up 13th street frome race to noble street, you do pass a street or two of shady looking characters, but if you're going for brunch, it will be daylight so you'll be fine. As I walked up the empty street, i see cafe lift to my left and as soon as i walk in, it's a totally different vibe. bustling with people, and chatter, you would think you were were on 13th and sansom.

the decor is minimalist/undustrial, with a few campy, artsy white, red, & black chandeliers. i like that they display local artists' work for sale too. we came around 130p on a rainy sunday and the wait was 40 mins (but really 30). the place is pretty spacious and staff super friendly. when we finally got our food, boy was it delicious! i got the breakfast burrito and my brother got the cuban. we also split a french toast w/ cannoli stuffing. first of all, the plates were HUGE! we seriously had the other half of everything the next morning for breakfast. but everything was so flavorful, from the perfectly caramelized onions and roasted peppers in my burrito, to the creamy cannoli stuffing on the toast. and best of all it was CHEAP! mostly everything on the menu was around $8. we each got a tea/cappucino and i believe our bill at the end was ~$30. for 3 dishes & two meals, that's not bad! now philly has a great brunch scene, but in the midst of the sabrina's, green eggs, and honey's, this is truly a hidden gem that can stand among any one of those establishments. cafe lift, you are forever on my radar from now on!
I LOVE brunch and Cafe Lift did not disappoint.  No need to restate what has already been covered in some 53 or so reviews.  So what I will say is that I am very happy that I ventured out of my south Philly comfort zone to try Cafe Lift!  I had a frittata with spinach, turkey bacon and fresh mozzarella cheese which was served with potatoes and toast for $8.50!  The frittata was huge and I enjoyed every morsel.  My girlfriend had pancakes...boring, but she cleaned her plate which she rarely does so I consider that a strong indication of how tasty the eats are here. And all for $22.... I'll be checkin' you again Cafe Lift.
Thanks to Keith M for telling me about this place! Went to brunch on Sunday and it wasn't busy (I went around 10:30-11AM). Had the eggs florentine, it was delicious! The decor is nice, nothing too fancy, very comfortable and hip. The service was great, no complaints about this place.

Parking is street, but if you go early on Sunday, the parking is plentiful in the area. Also, meters are still free on Sunday here.
Annie D., my friend and a regular at Cafe Lift, insisted that I come and join her for brunch a few weeks ago, and I've been there twice since.  There's an artistic/industrial motif going on, considering it's locale - which I love!  The owners didn't attempt to change the inside to fit a pretentious hipster atmosphere, which seems so common when people want to use these old factories to help sell their contemporary cuisine.  The interior is welcoming, the staff is friendly, and the food is scrumpdidaleeumptious.  I'm a brunch gal.  More specifically, I could live on frittatas, just about any variation of ingredients.  And theirs are just what they need to be for a morning time egg situation.  Fluffly yet firm, texture is just right, and the marriage of flavors is subtle yet sublime.  I'll definitely keep coming back for more.  And more.  And yet maybe more.  Did I mention the chocolate chip bread pudding that comes on the house?  Umm, yeah.  More, please.
Moving on from Stock's - and don't trust a Garmin GPS on this one since it will attempt to drive you off a bridge - my next stop would be Café Lift; a spot I'd missed on my prior visit to Philadelphia due to a seasonal closure but one I'd no plans to skip again based on two things - La Colombe Coffee and Canoli French Toast.

Open Tuesday through Sunday from 9am to 3pm and apparently often with a queue I arrived at the small space a few minutes before the doors opened and welcomed by a young lady named Natalie who also acted as my waitress I ascended the stairs to what appeared to be a renovated industrial loft furnished with reclaimed wood and metal chairs plus a bit of paint and spackle; a stylish space even if it is a bit cold and seated near a window I was told of a few specials that I quickly dismissed before placing my order - one deemed a "good call" before my server walked away to grab a carafe of water and a white porcelain mug.

With free Wi-Fi to keep me busy and a touch of regret that I'd be passing on the breakfast pastries in order to save room for later it would not be long before the coffee arrived - Corsica blend with free refills aplenty, creamer, and choice of sweeteners and with the clock reading 9:15 and only another two tables seated the coffee would quickly be followed by the French Toast - potentially the best I've had to date.

Described on the menu as "Canoli French Toast with Challah Bread "Dredged" in cinnamon vanilla custard, baked, then finished with bananas, chipped chocolate, pistachio, and homemade ricotta cannoli filling" and costing a mere $9.50 for four thick slices of eggy caramelized custard topped with what must have been at least a whole banana, a quarter cup of salty pistachios, and plenty of chocolate what truly set this dish on a pedestal was the ricotta - the curd not quite smooth and the flavor just a touch sour, marvelously balanced by the fructose of the banana and applied pure maple syrup.  Bite by bite, some creamy and some crunchy, all were delicious and paired with the chocolate undertones of the coffee I'd be hard pressed to name a better single breakfast dish anywhere for less than $10.
On this past Sunday morning, Elizabeth B. and I rolled up to Cafe Lift for a brunch a little closer to the "unch" part, rather than the "br", thinking we would miss the crowds. I've looked at their menu before, found it intriguing, but just never got around to trying it until this weekend. I also thought Cafe Lift would be a good choice, a spot off the beaten path (as in, a random stretch of 13th Street between Callowhill and Spring Garden), far from the queen of all brunch spots, Honey's, and everyone's OTHER favvy fav this side of Center City, Cafe Estelle. I was pretty much wrong because Cafe Lift was bumping, although closer to the degree that Cafe Estelle bumps, far from that of Honey's. 

After climbing the short flight of stairs to the dining room, the first two tables I saw were filled with pretty much everyone I know, including but not limited to guest stars of many of my reviews, Alexandra W. and Mr. & the future Mrs. Stephen S. - great minds think alike, guys. We waited around for a quick 30 minutes to be seated, but no big deal there. The food was good - after attempting to order the huevos rancheros, sans sausage, I was told that the refried beans weren't vegetarian, either. I should have inquired what about them wasn't veggie but I didn't. I went with the roma tomato fritatta instead. Compared to the most recent fritatta I had at Sam's Morning Glory, it was absolutely superior in texture, flavor, and content. My only complaint was the lack of roma tomatoes. There were (I counted) THREE IN THE WHOLE THING. THREE? Five would have been plenty, four would have been okay, but three was not enough. It was heavy on asparagus, light on the star of the show. Still very delicious. The potatoes were solid, but I'm a potato person, so that's cool, the toast had grill marks on both side, no crust, was maybe lightly buttered, but what is toast without LOTS of butter and strawberry jelly? Answer: not much, not much at all. I didn't really eat it, but whatever.

Even though Cafe Lift is a liiiittle heavy on Ikea merchandaise, the atmosphere is pretty open and solid. All in all, a good meal, a nice little place, with a good menu. From what I heard from my homies, the breakfast burrito is tight, and the other egg dishes are solid as well. I'd like to try the french toast - I'm pretty sure one comes with pistachios. That's what I want next time. I'd probably return for the same reasons I showed up here in the first place - under-the-radar location and great menu choices. Could use more tomatoes, veggie refried beans, and could defintely do away with the whack Ikea mugs, but other than that - good times.
I was saving my appetite just for this... brunch :)

I was visiting one of my friends in Philadelphia and I told her we were going to eat everything in sight.  I think we achieved that goal.  We decided to eat something one sweet and one savory choice.  We ordered the cannoli french toast and the eggs florentine.  Both were delicious.  It's always good to order both and share.  The cannoli french toast was the perfect dessert.  I really liked the potatoes that came with the eggs.  We ended up ordering an extra just because it was so good.  I definitely am glad we were able to come here.
After reading some many 4-5 stars reviews, I had high expectations. Unfortunately Cafe Lift was a let down. Looks like I'll be sticking to the oldie but goodies Sabrina's cafe. 

Dislikes: 
-Ridiculous long wait time. For a party of 3, we waited an hour, which is to be expected on a Sunday at a popular brunch spot. However, when we got a table and ordered, it was another 30-45 mins wait time. No bueno! 
-Food was good, but not worth waiting 2 hours for. I would come back again only toward opening time or towards closing time to avoid the long wait. 
- Good variety of sweets and savories on menu, but still small menu selection compared to other brunch spots I've been to.
- Cash only :(

Likes: 
-BYOB!! 
-Polenta Cakes $13 from the specialty menu - Basically eggs benedict on polenta. It was good, and the polenta was very soft and moist. The polenta was also very thick, I could only finish about 1  1/2 of it. 
-Lemon Ricotta Pancake $4 - Love how they this as a side since their one of the popular items. Really enjoyed this, the house made preserve sauce was a nice change from the normal honey/syrup. 
-Huevos Rancheros $10 - It looked good, but I had better ones at Sabrina's.
This place has been around for some time and I somehow managed not to know it existed until now! But based on my experience having the Cannoli French Toast, the Eggs Benedict, and the Huevos Rancheros, I agree with all the hype. Unlike many brunch places in Philly which have menus the size of novels, but very mediocre options, Cafe Lift has a moderate selection of standard brunch items (sweet and savory), but with a creative twist and way more delicious. They also have a variety of more lunch-y items like salads and sandwiches. I don't think you can go wrong with any selection. 

The Cannoli French Toast was one of the most amazing things I've eaten so far this year. It definitely ranks among the top 3 French Toasts I've had in Philly. The texture of the bread is perfect, and the flavors (cannoli cream, pistachios, bananas, and chocolate bits) are very unique. The portion can easily feed 2 people, as I shared it with my sister and was still full. The Huevos Rancheros and Eggs Benedict were also very tasty and comfortably-portioned (though smaller than the Cannoli French Toast). The spicy sauce that came with the potatoes was delicious, and the potatoes were not overly greasy like at most other brunch places. 

The service was friendly and the food came out very quickly. We came here on a sunny Saturday close to 1pm and waited about 30 mins for a table, which is not bad considering the small size of this restaurant. The coffee was also good (I believe it is La Colombe). Overall, the quality is great for the price (most items are around $10), so this is definitely going to be on my list of regular brunch places. As pointed out by other reviewers, this place is CASH-only and BYOB.
I think I might just go here for the homemade hot sauce which is so delicious with the potatoes, huevos or fried egg panino. 
I'm more of a savory bfast person so I can't speak for the lemon ricotta pancakes we got to share but my dining mates cleaned the plate up!!
Be prepared to wait on a weekend morning and be aware that it is cash only!!
OK, I had read some reviews -raved how great it was, so I couldn't wait to go & try them out. It is so easy to get to..stay on Callowhill, when get off Hwy..turn Right on 13th, literally right in front of you on left. Yes, it may not have alot to offer outside, but Heck it its quite nice inside. Had an industrial look to it..but quaint as well. The waitresses were nice, My friend & I got the Cannoli french toast, let me say, OMG!! It literally tasted like a Cannoli french toast, the pistachios offered a nice difference in texture, with Ricotta cheese, choc chips .Wow-It was wonderful.The coffee was delicious, not overly strong, bold enough. Definitely one to go back to. Loved it.Get a chance , go try them out. Something for every palette, savory , salty, to sweet.
It took us awhile to try Cafe Lift, even after rave reviews from fellow foodie friends.  But we finally remedied this a few weeks ago and it has become one of favorite spots in the city.  When you do only brunch, all the time, it better be good.  And Cafe Lift is one of the best.

We've been to Lift twice now; my husband trying breakfast oriented offerings (sausage frittata and 2 eggs/toast/breakfast potatoes) and me sticking with my lunchtime fare (salad with gorgonzola dressing and the Cubano) and we've never been disappointed.  The Cubano has been my favorite dish; a combination of "Chipotle-marinated pulled pork, smoked ham, and caramelized onions topped with fontina cheese and whole grain mustard aioli" is seriously out of this world!  The salad and breakfast items are no slouch either.  Free refills on La Colombe-brewed coffee is a huge plus.  

Huge portions for a highly affordable price really makes Lift stand out.  Keep in mind they are cash only (ATM on premises) and BYOB, but if you haven't been to Cafe Lift then you are truly missing out on some fabulous food.
Cafe Lift is a welcome addition to Philadelphia's growing brunch scene.  Located just north of Center City, this BYO offers unique takes on classic brunch staples as well as inventive dishes of their own.  I've been a couple times and honestly don't know why I don't go back more often.

Walk in the front door and up the steps and look around.  You'll notice young professionals, students, and couples sitting all around the cute little tables, and colorful chalkboards displaying the daily specials.  You may have a hard time ordering something; not because the wait staff is rude or hard to come by (they're extremely attentive), but because everything on the menu looks incredible.  This morning, my boyfriend and I tried a mix of both sweet and savory: he got the Lemon-Ricotta pancakes while I opted for the Eggs Florentine.  His pancakes were light, fluffy, and not overly sweet; served with fresh strawberries, cream, and honey.  My dish was a new take on Eggs Benedict; subbing in crabmeat for the canadian bacon, adding sauteed spinach, and serving the dish atop toasted foccacia covered in a light truffle-infused hollandaise sauce.  Perfectly portioned, everything tasted delicious and didn't leave me feeling sleepy or sick.

While parking may be a bit of an issue if you get there when it's busy (street parking is limited), the food and ambiance is worth the trip. Also, make sure you visit an ATM before you go; this place does NOT take credit cards.  Overall, Cafe Lift could possibly be your next favorite brunch spot.
Cafe Lift is my favorite brunch spot. 
The food is great and reasonably priced, the staff is awesome and they give you free bread pudding as an appetizer. 
Their menu has good variety from breakfast classics like eggs benedict and huevos rancheros to creative fritatas and pancakes. With all you can drink coffee you can't go wrong.
Wow...  How have I not written about the fabulousness that is Cafe Lift?!  It's an amzing little place, well off the beaten path.  Brunch here is a magical experience, and well worth the wait!  The food is amazing - Pumpkin Challah French Toast for example - and the portions are very robust, the coffee grand and bold in flavor, and the ambiance is wonderful!  Cafe Lift is very urban chic with exposed duct-work, chunky plastic chairs, polished concrete counters, and various hues and styles of steel.  If you like brunch, this is definitely worth checking out!
How have I never been here before after 4 years of living in center city?? I came back to Philly to visit my friend a few weeks ago and she suggested Cafe Lift for brunch since it was just a few blocks away. We came around 9-10 in a Sunday morning and it was absolutely wonderful! They had heated covered and in covered outdoor seating and absolutely no wait when we arrived. Both the mushroom toast and the breakfast burrito were delicious - rich and flavorful. If I had to pick though - the mushroom toast wins. 

Very covid friendly, 4.5+++ yelps! Can't wait to go back!
This place. Whoa!

In the heart of downtown philly, location is very much in the cut, so you kinda have to look for it. 

The ambience isn't that ascetically pleasing, nor is the customer service, but what they lack in service they make up for in food. 

Everything that I ate this morning just was full of savory flavors that would make your mouth water. 

I ordered the huevos rancheros, a blueberry pancake, a side of pork bacon.

Excellent breakfast and brunch spot. Had it it not been for the food, I'm not sure I would have returned to this establishment, but if you're ever in philly, and staying near by....go here! You won't be disappointed with the food!
I was so looking forward to diving into some delicious brunch food on a rainy Saturday morning. However, my group had unexpectedly grown to 9 people, a large party without a reservation. 

When we arrived, the restaurant was PACKED. It goes to show just how popular this place really is. The manager was very accommodating, letting us know that it would take a while to get a table for our large party. They had a table in mind, perfect for our group, but the customers sitting there took their time to enjoy good food and good conversation. As hungry as we were, it was hard to be happy for them tbh. We waited quite a while, but the manager would periodically check in with us to update us on the situation! 

The table finally freed up and we were immediately seated. To our surprise, after our orders were taken, the server brought out a crepe for our trouble! It was DELICIOUS and it was just a glimpse of the glory that was to come... 

My friend and I shared a huevos rancheros and the cannoli French toast per recommendations on Yelp. They were both to die for! I think that the French toast is definitely for those with a serious sweet tooth. For those with a brunch partner-in-crime, I'd recommend getting a savory and sweet dish to share! The rest of my party tried a lot of things including the breakfast burrito and baked egg special. We all had nothing but good things to say!

The place is cash only but really affordable (~$10) for the great quality. The vibe is really cool and the service is awesome. Definitely coming back soon!
I've had a really great time here on multiple different occasions, but somehow for me, it's never been a favorite brunch spot in and of itself. 

Cafe Lift has its own chill feel with an industrial interior, but I'm personally less of a fan of the whole vibe because it just feels a bit cold and stiff given their metal chairs, exterior pipes, plastic water jugs, grey/red color palate, etc. Their tables are also kind of fastened to the ground in rows in a factory-like and rigid manner that makes me feel a bit cramped, even though it's not like a particularly small space. 

Service is pretty good overall, and food isn't bad but I also haven't been wowed. For example, on my most recent visit, I ordered their egg mushroom toast but there were so few mushrooms that it felt like I was just eating egg toast. Also, I've had their famous lemon ricotta pancakes in the past, but in my opinion, those pancakes were too mushy and flat. I know others love how "moist" it is, but I think it tastes far too soggy for my ideal pancake. To date, it is still cash only as well. 

I feel like I must be missing something because quite a few other people I know seem to love it, so take it as you will!
HOT SAUCE!!! These guys have some of the best hot sauce I have ever tasted. They need to start selling it in bottles right away! We came here twice while on the work trip and I enjoyed the food both times. The breakfast burrito is full to the brim with eggs and veg. I asked to add chorizo as well and they had no issue with it. Got a side of the lemon pancake (for breakfast dessert of course) and the pancake was light and fluffy with just the right hint of lemon.

I also got the chicken panini. Bread was toasted just right and there was a good helping of chicken and veg on the sandwich. Service was fab both times and it was really nice to see the owner walking around and making sure everything was ok. Love this place and will defo stop in again next time I'm in Philly.
So my girlfriend and I went here 2 years ago when we first moved to Philly. She claimed that she didn't like it then & I couldn't remember how I felt about it so we decided to give it another shot. 

The ambiance is great. I love the set up they have with outdoor seating & even inside it feels very spacious and homey. Our server was wonderful and the host was super sweet as well. 

The food. Our coffee was rough. We drink coffee every day & we love it, but the coffee here was terribly strong to the point where I feel like my inside burnt from drinking it lol. 

I decided to order the famous cannoli French toast and it was a huge let down. The bread itself was the only good thing about it, but that's because I haven't had challah in years and the Jew in me was dancing. However, the overall dish itself was just lacking. Although it has a bunch of stuff on it, it was bland. Which is pretty bizarre. Not to mention it's A LOT of food. I think I had three bites and ended up taking it to-go and giving it to a homeless person. 

My girlfriend had the Jersey sandwich which was essentially a pork roll. It was better than my dish, but you could also get a Taylor ham, egg & cheese sandwich off a breakfast cart for like 1/4 of the price. 

Overall, I will not be back & I don't recommend this place for the food.
Love love loved it here! No wait on a Sunday morning! Seriously? If youre over the lines at Sabrinas and Honeys and want somewhere new try it here! Its Fabulous! Cute random lil artsy space but a lil crammed so strollers may be a lil tough if you have kiddos. My hubby gets the asparagus pesto plum tomato frittatas with perfect amount of potatoes which I eat and yummy grain bread! Also, you must get the homemade hot sauce! The fam splits the cannoli French toast! Challah French toast topped with cannoli cream bananas pistachios and chocolate chips. More like a dessert but def a MUST HAVE!! I usually get the spinach salad or a special as they change regularly. The waiter was super friendly and sweet. The service was prompt! We used to eat here all of the time, haven't been in awhile. I assume it's also a tad more crowded now on the weekends.
First things first....except to have a long wait if arriving prior to 2pm! Came on a Sunday for Brunch we got there about noon-ish and waited 90 minutes or so. Thankfully the weather was on our side and bearable to sit outside. They do send you a text once your table is ready and you have to move quick or you loose your table. All of that to say..it was worth the wait. 

It's been a few weeks and I can still taste the burger I had Once seated our waiter was the best. Super friendly and accommodating given how busy the place is. She gave us recommendations which were all a hit. The food came out soo fast which was great, because we were honestly starving from how long the wait was. All the meals were nice size portion for 1 and tasty. I can see why their open for only limited hours.

Definitely a place to come back to and don forget it's BYOB:)
Quite possibly the best pancakes I've ever had my entire life.  Comforting food served in an industrial setting, this trendy spot is serving up some delicious grub. 

Two conveniently located pay parking lots flank the street the restaurant is located on, but street parking isn't impossible.  10am on a Sunday should expect a 10 minute wait, but it's worth it.  Service was adequate.  Everyone was friendly enough - they're all just very busy.
The only bad thing about this place is that it is not closer to my apartment!!! The restaurant is a little bit of a hike from Center City but this place is a must for brunch!!  You just can't beat BYOC mimosas (bring your own champagne).  The servers were very friendly and all of the food was fantastic.  Everyone is wearing masks and the tables are actually 6ft apart! The breakfast burrito was very  tasty and filling.  It also came with a side of breakfast potatoes that were seasoned perfectly.  Our favorite was the french toast.  The pieces of bread were very thick and had great flavor with homemade whip cream on the side.  Before we left we were already deciding on when to come back to try other menu items! The place has great vibes, cheap, amazing food, and again is BYOB!
I enjoyed my meal at Cafe Lift, but I wasn't wowed tbh. 

Luckily there was no wait on Sunday afternoon for a party of 3. Shocking because the typical wait time is about 1hr. 

Ordered the Two Eggs which came with potatoes, a choice of meat and multigrain bread. Paired it with a Lemon Ricotta pancake. The pancake was my favorite part of the meal along with the house potatoes. 

My friend ordered the Breakfast Burrito. That was pretty good. Will give it a try next time. It comes with a homemade hot sauce, which I highly recommend!!

Our waiter Nate was attentive. It is BYOB- Fyi!
I love cafe lift! This is my first time at the city location, I used to go to the bar with location.  The food, coffee, and prices were amazing. The only downside of this location given the covid situation is that since the seating is outdoors, the traffic gets pretty noisy. 

I got the cannoli French toast. Amazing. It's crispy on the edges and soft in the center. It's not suuuuper sweet in my opinion, I thought it was balanced perfectly. Would definitely go here again!
Fantastic spot for brunch. It was a 50 min wait on a recent Saturday, but they text you so you can leave and come back. 

My boyfriend and I sat outside in the converted shipping container, very clever! We ordered:

+ Caramel spiced apple cider - could have been hotter but it was delicious, loved the caramel foam stuff on top 
+ Pumpkin Cannoli French Toast - wow, so good
+ Breakfast burrito - awesome 

Definitely recommend!
So gluttonous. So good. I ordered too much. I tried to eat it all. But the plate won. The cannoli french toast was my favorite. Oh, and BYO brunch drinks of choice.
