It had been months since my girlfriend and I indulged in Sunday brunch so when the time came to bring it back to life, we chose Café y Chocolate. I've been reading some bomb reviews and was really curious about the hype. 

We walked in at about 12:30pm and got the last available table. Our waitress was sweet but a bit pushy. She asking us if we were ready to place our order every few minutes and this happened three times. She was really nice about it though so I took it as a sign that she was just excited to serve us. 

After asking a couple questions, we were ready to order. I got the scrambled tofu, my friend had the chicken tinga empanadas, and we got an order of churros to share. We had the option of ordering plain churros or ones with caramel filling and decided to go all in and get the ones with caramel. 

The scrambled tofu that I got was great. There was nothing special about it, but it was made well and was very filling. I was given a side of tortillas to create my own soft shell tacos which I enjoyed. My friend seemed to really like her entree and commented about how great the chicken tinga was. 

The churros are what stood out the most though. They were absolutely amazing. They were warm, coated with cinnamon sugar, and had the most delicious caramel filling. They came with a homemade chocolate dipping sauce which I honestly didn't care much for. I was totally fine with the churros without the chocolate. They also came with fresh slices of strawberries and whipped cream on the side - I really liked that! No matter what you do, GET THE CHURROS. At only $4 for an order of six, you really can't go wrong. 

My only complaint is that all of their entrees are savory, there are no sweet options. Of course there's the churros, but that isn't an entree. I would have loved to see some pancakes or waffles on the menu with some kind of Mexican twist. 

Still, Café y Chocolate is a good option for brunch. I definitely want to try one of their hot beverages like a coffee or hot chocolate next time I visit. And lastly, my hope is that they'll have some sweet brunch options on the menu next time.
"Where the heck is this place?!" , I whined, having just finished a tough shift at my place of work nearby. We were following Billy, a local, who raved about Cafe Con Chocolate. We were zig zagging (take note, Rickon!) through the back roads north of West Passyunk until we finally reached our destination, a brightly painted feast for the eyes, in an otherwise drab looking area. 

Sufficed to say, it was worth the trip, and Billy once again shows that he knows what he is talking about. 

Philly is a city known for the cheesesteak but the fact is, there are a number of worthy sandwiches that deserve more fanfare; The Roast Pork, the hoagie, roast beef, sausage and peppers , etc. But it's time to add a new one to the list, The Torta. 

The Torta is essentially a hot sandwich with your choice of meat (I chose the picadilla, seasoned ground beef w/carrots and peas), served with various veggies and cheese on ...and this is key...a long Portuguese roll. 

As a baker, I've long been a fan of the underused Portuguese Roll. Thick and hearty with a flavor that both stands alone and compliments anything you put on it. And at Cafe Con Chocolate, they aren't just putting anything on it. Their fillings were fresh , plentiful and delicious. 

They have a simple but eclectic menu. I'd love to go back and try a number of things but that sandwich is so good it would be hard to deny. The decor was charming and inviting, the staff was friendly and helpful and the overall atmosphere was very relaxing. 

I can't say enough good things about this place. Definitely worth straying friends m the beaten path to give it a try .
I'm always on the lookout for breakfast spots that are open on weekdays and have good wifi. Café y Chocolate checks all the boxes!

The menu is pretty extensive and I love that there are plenty of options for everyone, regardless of diet or food preferences. 

I opted for a scramble with tomatoes, onions and peppers, which came with a side of black beans and some corn tortillas. My dining companion and I decided to add sides of guac for three bucks each. The portion was generous and we probably could have shared one side.  

The coffee was flowing and the next thing I knew it was almost lunch time. I ordered a salad with shrimp to go, dressing on the side. The salad was a little soggy about an hour later but the ingredients were fresh and plentiful. I'll probably stick to dining strictly in the restaurant for future meals but I'm glad to have another solid breakfast or lunch spot to add to my rotation!
When bellies started rumbling this morning and pillow talk turned towards breakfast, it was decided that Cafe con Chocolate would be the destination. Only, one of us had zero desire to get out of bed. We noticed the take-out option listed on the online menu, and my man graciously agreed to pick up our order if I called it in. 

About twenty minutes later, we sat down to a delicious brunch at our own table. For me, an egg white breakfast burrito that had black beans and cheese and was topped with lettuce and chopped tomato. It was delicious, the perfect portion size and, best of all, only $5.50! The side of salsa I requested was missing from the bag, but I had a bit left in the fridge that did the trick. Art's huevos con chorizo came with a generous side of black beans and he seemed pretty happy. Although I wouldn't be surprised if he ordered the burrito with chorizo next time. 

The coffee was dark, strong and just right. Maybe next time I'll get my lazy butt out of bed and pick up the goods myself, so I have a chance to check out the restaurant. Either way, I'm very excited about this new development in our weekend brunch rotation.
"Eek! Methinks not" sums up our experience quite well.

I can and can not believe all of the raving reviews for this restaurant, alas, we had a horrid experience! 
 
We had tickets to see Rain at 1:00 and decided to check out Cafe con Chocolate for brunch, which is basically Mexican cuisine, although they do have a small selection of Japanese, imagine fusion of a Mexican and Japanese menu...
 
The place is tiny, with probably ten to twelve small tables all pushed together and they were all either seated or dirty when we walked in, so we chose to seat ourselves at the counter, which had six stools. The restaurant is colorful with bright walls, decorated with paintings that are for sale and shelves holding both Mexican and Japanese pieces. The floors are old and unfinished wood, which even have knot holes allowing the light from the basement to shine through. 
 
They do their own baking, as I witnessed the cook putting up trays of cookies and baked goods, while also preparing folks meals.
 
The dirty dishes get scraped and piled up into the hand washing sink behind the counter or stacked on the counter still loaded with uneaten food. The kitchen is off to the right with a queer set up, there is a board that the food is set on to be delivered to the tables, yet when the server walks into the kitchen, she must duck under this board and then immediately go down one step.
 
I will give our server five bright and shiny stars, how she did it, I will never know. First of all they offer a huge variety of coffee drinks, chocolate drinks, including mochas, smoothies, fruit drinks. She had a memory like none I have ever witnessed and as tables came in, she would take their order, take it to the kitchen and then make drinks, which took her quite some time and if another table came in, she would then take their order and go back to making drinks for that first table. Expect your beverages to take 15 to 30 minutes!
 
We walked in at 11:30, ordered at 11:45, we got our food at 12:45, well not quite, as it sat on the board for a good five minutes until we finally stopped her and said our food has been sitting there, we're hungry, we have a 1:00 play and it is getting cold. One server, who kept apologizing, she was doing her very best, including take out orders for drinks and food. Until that point, we kept saying it was okay, no worries, but at that point we had enough.
 
I ordered the molletes, which I had never had before and they sounded interesting. Two long buttered rolls with a layer of black beans, cheese and a bowl of very good Pico de gallo was served on the side. I had added chorizo and over easy eggs to top the molletes. I made it a point to tell her that I liked my whites cooked but my yolks completely runny. 
 
Well my eggs came out over hard, no runny yolk whatsoever. I showed her that the yolks were hard and she was planning on taking the plate back and I said no, we have to leave, just bring me two more eggs cooked properly. I wasn't the only table who sent back food, even though I held onto mine like it was gold. The eggs came right out, I ate half of one molletes, the eggs and packaged the rest to go.

To make matters worse there was no chorizo on the molletes, but at this point I didn't even care! We were still charged for it, getting your check takes another 5-10 minutes, as she then adds up everything that you ordered. Rather than argue we paid for the sausage, since our play, which was across town, had already started. 
 
Michael ordered the enchiladas, of which you had your choice of fillings, he ordered ground beef, etc., and your choice of mole sauce or a green salsa Verde, he chose the mole and got the salsa. It was also to come with a side of beans and rice. Now if you want to take a look at the other posters pictures, we had envisioned Spanish rice and refried pinto beans, the black beans were great, but the rice? It was plain white rice, totally unseasoned, I mean totally and had corn stirred in? Which looked nothing like this picture http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qaDImxPguQz0jToNYvB1Eg?select=59lHgE8PVzkzrLrV3iGtvQ
 
Portions are all huge and I enjoyed watching all of the food that came out of the kitchen. I watched as the owner/manager? Walked in right before we left and start to clean up the tables and dishes. One cook, one server on a very busy Sunday morning, maybe he should hire more help or come in quite a bit earlier. 
 
It's not located in the best section of the city, debris and litter everywhere and many folks who looked like they could be trouble. If you plan on checking out Cafe con Chocolate, I would suggest visiting on a week day or if going on the weekend plan on wasting a couple to a few hours.
Cute little brunch spot in South Philly. The Mexican coffee (Cafe con chocolate) is a must! There's an extensive brunch menu and I'm partial to the chorizo, eggs and black beans (it has a name, but it's escaping me). You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu, as it's all delicious. 

My only complaint would be that the tables are so close together. I'd say if you have a party of more than 5, then expect to sit on top of your neighbor. Great spot for 2 people though. I can't wait to come back!
Seriously amazing food here - and don't get me started on that iced Mexican mocha! My friend and I strolled from her home to Café y Chocolate for a late morning brunch over the weekend. Though the eatery is small (with seriously tiny tables), we were able to get in without a wait, although I can't say the same for the hordes of people who arrived shortly after us. I started with the iced Mexican mocha which had the perfect balance of chocolate, cinnamon and spice. Who needs a mimosa when this guy is on the menu?!

As for my meal, I was NOT steered wrong with the Huevos Revueltos Migas, a plate of scrambled eggs with ham, onion, serrano peppers, tortilla chips, and seasoned black beans, topped with a tonnnnn of melted chihuahua cheese. Served with a side of buttered Portuguese bread, it was such a flavorful, perfectly balanced dish. 

Service couldn't have been friendlier. Such a wonderful experience!
I have had this place bookmarked for ages, literal ages, and it took a pandemic for me to finally talk myself into driving to the city to check it out on a whim! I mean, what else am I doing with my time? I have been twice now, just for takeout, and have loved everything. 

It's a small, very cute and intimate, cafe style environment. As soon as I walked through the door, a server approached and asked if I ordered takeout. My order was ready and packaged up on a table, and it took no time to pay and head out! 

There's a real legit espresso set-up, so if I lived in the area I would definitely recommend popping in just for a coffee! I tried a fancier drink my first time, an Iced Coconut Latte, that was recommended by a very friendly employee over the phone. Another good one is the Iced Mexican Mocha made with real mexican chocolate. Both great. 

Food is so good as well! Highly recommend the Molletes - trust me. It sounds plain on paper (pieces of baguettes topped with refried beans and optionally your choice of meat, and a side of pico), but it's so yummy, and I've not seen it on many menus! Burritos, tortas, breakfast, all seems very good here. Nothing too too fancy, just well cooked and seasoned and made with love. 

Can't wait to go back and have a dine-in experience with the friendly staff I experienced just for takeout.
This is my new favorite restaurant. Seriously. Went for dinner without expectations, despite the amazing reviews here. It's in a totally middle-of-nowhere location, but it's right of 76. It's a tiny place, very unassuming. With a completely wacky menu. I guess it's Mexican, but nothing that's commonly served in an Americanized Mexican. And there are Japanese entrees too. And the most amazing hot chocolate ever. But I'll come back to that...
We went at 7 on a Saturday night and there was only one other couple there. There are small round tables for two, a homespun sort of feel in the "decor" with just-right lighting. A young woman behind the counter was super-nice and genuinely glad to see us. 
We ordered tacos with potatoes and nopales (cactus) - i know it sounds crazy - and a pork torta (hot sandwich). They came in plastic baskets. And the tacos were AMAZING! incredibly flavorful, just the right amount of heat. I could eat them every day and be happy. The torta was excellent too, but less interesting. It was large and loaded with pork, but not in that deli too-much-meat-in-a-sandwich way. The bread was deliciously crusty. 
The staff was absolutely charming. The cook came out and asked how the food was, not to be impressive like you get at upscale restaurants, but because she really wanted to know. She asked if it was the first time i'd had nopales (it was) and was obviously pleased at how much i liked them. It felt as though we were at a friend's house for dinner the first time and they really wanted us to like it.
We finished off with a cafe on chocolate - really hot chocolate. It was huge and absolutely delicious. As good as any I've had at the fancy chocolate shops. 
All of that for $21 and a very big tip.
I hesitate to share this find - but these people deserve to be outrageously  successful. So go! Next time I'm going to try the mole.
Oh, and they had Pandora playing a great mix. 
Really, other than replacing the plastic baskets I can't imagine what they could do better.
Friendly lil' family owned Mexican joint.  Great brunch with reasonable prices.
This is the first time my opinion diametrically differs from Yelp majority. We were so excited to try CCC and finally had brunch there today. 3 adults and 3 kids. We ordered several dishes as well as the famed ccc. The place was less than half full yet our wait for food was surprisingly long. After about 20 mins, the server seemed apologetic and offered us an appetizer as we waited, we accepted (stay tuned for more on that later). The app was toasted bread with a refried type black bean paste and cheese melted on top, it was good, not great but the kids liked it. About 5 mins after that came the tamale dish of one adult at the table, no one else's food was in sight. She liked her dish. Next came nachos: as another Yelper stated, it was good but with too many cold components to make it great. It seemed each dish came out within 10 mins of the one before... My husbands migas especial came and he, who has NEVER in all the years I've known him, not eaten what he's ordered, did just that today... He just did not like the soupiness not the flavor of the dish...total surprise to me. So we are 45 minutes into this meal and 3 kids have still not received the 3 chicken tacos they ordered and I did not get my dish. I got up and politely asked the server if we could cancel those orders as the rest of the table was already done. I asked why there had been such a delay (btw, I speak fluent Spanish so there was definitely no issue with understanding one another). The server just apologized and agreed that small kids should usually be the first to get fed (especially really you g ones, since otherwise you'll have a nacho chip throwing mutiny). She gave us the bill and guess what, she charged us $6.50 for the appetizer she offered us what seemed to be a co cession for the delay. Sorry CCC, as newbies to the area and with places like Lift, Sabrina's, Reading Market and a bunch of Mexican places and trucks in Philly that blow you away taste and service I cannot drum up one good reason to ever return to you.
My Keystone Concierge boss, Lori Heyman, her brother, and two good neighbors and friends invited me for a nice dinner over at this very radical combo of cultures and food. Parts of Snyder Ave. can get a bit sketchy but look closely and you'll find this wonderful gem at 22nd street. 

The neighbors and atmosphere in this part of Southwest Philly are friendly in all shapes and color, bringing Cafe Con Chocolate, a much refreshing real family/ community restaurant. But it's much more then that, besides the delicious foods clashing from Mexican to the Far Eastern, there is music entertainment as well. Not to mention the friendly servers and cooks, who are all family. Even if you are new, they bring you in as if you're already their best friend, and encourage a return with new faces.

 I've never experienced a place like this in years and it reminds me why Philly is so beautiful... in the little things it has to offer. 

Thank you CcC! And I will be back!
I was recently introduced to this place by a friend. I didn't have any expectations and yet was completely blown away. I'm seldom impressed by most places. I'm not even a huge fan of Mexican food. However, that might have to change.

The space is small, yet for the time being don't expect the kind of wait you'd get out of say Honey's or Sabrina's. I mention those two places, because honestly- even though Cafe con Chocolate only offers Mexican it's at par if not better than the fabled deliciousness from those two famed bruncheries.

The restaurant remains in largely undiscovered territory for most people. There's really nothing out in that direction. It's a good 6-7 blocks west/2 blocks south of even the South Philly Taproom. However, it's entirely well-worth the trip. I seriously can't recall if I've ever had better Mexican food.

I ordered the namesake beverage for the restaurant, a cafe con chocolate. It kind of took ages for me to receive it- not sure what the deal was with that. As slightly annoying as that was, however, the drink was phenomenal- made with Mexican hot chocolate. My waiting woes were eradicated with how great it was.

My group went family style and ordered a myriad of dishes, several types of nachos, something akin to tamales and molletes (buttered, toasted long rolls topped with refried beans, mozzarella, jack and queso fresco served with pico de gallo) - all of which were simply phenomenal.

I'm reading now that they've got some sort of Japanese fusion going on, that wasn't indicated from what I could see on the brunch menu- though I'm excited to perhaps return for dinner and try it out.
I have been in this restaurant many times. I have never been served. I live so close to Cafe Con Choco Not that I could come in slippers and pajamas. (I am fully dressed when I enter...) 
      I imagine after reading all of the other reviews that it's probably good for my figure that I am ignored when I walk into their restaurant. I've lived in this neighborhood for 9 years and have been ignored when I have walked in every time. Including when they first opened...I keep trying to give them the benefit of the doubt ... I keep trying...
     The last time I went in the restaurant was when they had up a sign that said they had tres leches cake... I won't eat it anywhere except a Mexican bakery in LA or if someone's Mexican grandmother makes it!!! IT IS My absolute second favorite desert in the whole world. I walked in and stood there about two minutes... There was a man who looked up and walked in the back and a woman who looked at me and turned her back  to me as I stood there. 
     I guess the super power I've always wanted (to be invisible) has come true... Cause they don't see ME in cafe con Choco NOT!
Of all the possible combinations of cuisines, Japanese and Mexican fusion isn't one I would naturally think of, but that's what Cafe con Chocolate offers.

For dinner, I ordered their ribs (came with a salad) - the meat came right off the bone, and the taste - excellent! Each bite melted in my mouth. To top it off, I had simply explosive habaneros (locally grown) that really enhanced the flavor. Not sure if those are always there, but definitely ask, especially if you're a spice junkie. Everything pretty much is made in-house; try their desserts.

A charming space, reasonable prices, outstanding service, and tasty food - recommended!
My FAVORITE mexican restaurant in Philly. Very few people know about this gem since its a bit out of the way in what seems like a relatively sketchy neighborhood in South Philly, but trust me it's worth the trek.

They have a mole sauce to die for...and I don't even like mole sauce. Their empanadas are epic...the spicy potatoes is my favorite. The pork empanada is a bit on the dry side. They also serve some Japanese dishes, because the owners are half Japanese.

If you want amazing homecooked mexican food, then come here...and remember try the mole sauce!
I am lazy.  I don't like to venture outside of a 3 block radius when it comes to weekend brunch because a) I'm often hungover and b) I hate driving. Today I made the exception and finally trekked over to Cafe con Chocolate with a friend who's been insisting for months that I just HAVE to try it.  Well, she was right; it was totally worth the trip. What a cute place! I loved the look of it from the brightly painted outside to the warmly painted cozy inside with hammered copper tabletops. 

The place is pretty small and it was packed when we got there, but were able to snag a free table off in the corner.  I started out with the cafe con chocolate.  I figured a beverage must be pretty spectacular to name a restaurant after it...and it was! A big steamy mug of hot chocolate with a shot of espresso was exactly what I needed. Then came the food.  After what seemed like an eternity I was presented with a big delicious mess of a plate.  The Chilaquiles with mole sauce and scrambled eggs was delectable...and huge.  I sampled my friend's huevos rancheros which was also quite tasty.  We also shared a side of plantains (sweet fried deliciousness topped with cream and cheese) and home fries (perfectly fried and spiced with what I believe was chipotle).  

I was STUFFED by the end of this meal.  Portions are gigantic.  We had to utilize the table next to us for our sides of plantains & home fries because the main dishes took up our whole table. Despite my gluttonous state of brunch overload, I couldn't help but notice the nachos being served to the next table over.  Damn, they looked good.  I can't wait to go back to this place and try out more menu items!
I am a bit biased as CcC is owned by my neighbor.  The food is great although the service can be a bit slow.  Best home made empanadas that I have had in Philadelphia thus far.  The owner is Mexican and Japanese and both cuisines are featured on the menu.  The owner's daughter is a violinist and she and her artist friends perform at the cafe when time allows.  Definitely a nice treat.
WOW!  All those who love Mexican food try this place out, you wont be disappointed.  i am a huge fan of authentic mexican food, and went here for brunch one fine saturday morning. it is a small cute cafe, cozy atmosphere., and the owner is very friendly making it a very pleasant experience

FOOD:  there are so many options, and everything looks so tasty.  they have mexican food, and also some japanese items. I started with cafe con leche and my husband got cafe con chocolate.  both were delicious, and let me tell you, you get your money's worth!.  we also started off with guacomole and chips...what a treat!  the guacomole was sooo good!   For breakfast , I had a dish (sorry cannot remember the name) a dish which was layering of tortillas with eggs, onions, beans....it was very very good!  I felt like i was in Mexico all over again :)  My husband had the huevos rancheros, I think the best one I have had thus far in the city. 

 A great atmosphere, friendly service, authentic food. you just can't go wrong!  let's just say ive made and will be making more visits back :)
It PAINS me to write a 2 star review for CCC because it was 6 stars the first few times I went there and it really ALL has to do with the service.  This review is based on four visits.  After my initial visit I was shouting about CCC from the rooftops, urging everyone I knew to go there, but now my opinion has changed and it's all based on the service the last 2 times I went there.


Food: Every time I have been there it has been amazing.  I love the Mexican brunch so so much, I'm not sure which adjectives I can use to express it best.  I dream about this Mexican brunch regularly.  I love everything about it.  Six stars. (Yes, I know Yelp only goes up to five, but I choose six.)

Drinks: I love the drink selection.  Everything is delicious.  The regular coffee, the iced coffee, the fruit shakes, and especially the signature drink, the Cafe Con Chocolate.  Try this, you haven't had mocha until you've tasted this one.  Six stars.

Space: I like the fact that it's in kind of a weird neighborhood that I otherwise would never go to.  It takes a lot for me to leave Northern Liberties.  If this place was in a trendy neighborhood, most likely I'd never go, because I wouldn't want to wait an hour to get a table.  The inside is cute and kind of reminds you of being in someone's house.  I like the fact that it's small with small tables. 

Service: Ok, here it is.  THIS is the reason I have to give CCC a total rating of 2 stars.  The service on my last TWO visits was ZERO out of 5 stars.  On my first bad visit, we walked in and the restaurant was about half full.  There was a young Mexican waitress working.  No exaggeration - it took us FORTY FIVE MINUTES to even get our drinks.  I am not joking.  To add insult to injury, I ordered the cafe con chocolate and she served me cappuccino.  It took me an additional 5-10 minutes to get the drink I ordered.  The food came out about 10-15 minutes later.  I was RAVENOUS by the time my food came.  There was no excuse for these ridiculous delays as far as I could see.   

I decided to give CCC the benefit of the doubt (anyone can have a bad day, right?) and went again a few weeks ago.  The time, if it's possible, the service was EVEN WORSE, which baffled me.  We walked in and were seated and there was only one other table of 2 people present.  It remained this empty for our entire stay.  Our drink and food orders were taken promptly by a middle aged, short, female server.  She was friendly and our drinks came out within a reasonable amount of time.  Then we waited, and waited, and......WAITED.  About 45 minutes after we got our drinks, the waitress came over and said "ummm....you guys ordered already, right?"   YES we ordered, 45 minutes ago.  She reconfirmed our order and walked over to the kitchen.  This lady OBVIOUSLY forgot to put in our order and left us sitting there 45 minutes after she originally took it and an hour after we walked in.  It then took an additional 20 minutes for our food to come out.  She FINALLY brought it out and at this point were were STARVING.  She made some lame unbelievable excuse that the kitchen had to "make fresh beans" for my dish.  This was not believable in any way.  Also totally unacceptable.  

I hate to write this because I love CCC so much, besides the service.  I'd love for them to get it together service-wise so I can return to many more delicious brunches.  PLEASE PLEASE CCC - get it together (and let me know once you have.)
I stumbled upon this gem while precinct-walking for Obama in South Philly.  I was instantly impressed by the friendly owner, cozy atmosphere, and impressive coffee menu.  What a beautiful, warm and unpretentious neighborhood cafe!   Not to mention that they also serve the best empanada I've had since I left California.  I will definitely be visiting again!
This has become one of my new favorite brunch spots in Philadelphia. 

First of all, the place looks ADORABLE from the outside. A cute little neighborhood cafe and gem, the art surrounding the building is stunning and vibrant. Prices are extremely affordable. You can eat well here-- and even splurge a little with multiple plates to share plus one of their amazing hot chocolates, and not break the bank. Service is nothing to complain about. Seating is limited because of the "neighborhood cafe" feel. It's quaint, charming, and cozy.

In terms of what to eat/drink...:

+Huevos Motuleños Especiales... Apparently one of their best sellers. It tasted AMAZING but I am personally not as huge of a fan of green sauce as I am of mole sauce. 
+Chicken Torta... still stands as one of the best sandwiches I've had to date. It's MASSIVE and so incredibly tasty. I split it with a friend and we were stuffed after each having just 1/2 the sandwich.
+Molletes with Pico De Gallo... delicious. A popular item again, and it was a fabulous way for us to start the meal. The cheese is melty, and topped with the pico... drooling now thinking about it.
+The churros are tasty for people who haven't had that many churros in their lifetime, and they come with some fun dipping sauces-- but if you are a HARDCORE churro lover and have had some amazing (i.e. more authentic ones) in the past, I'd skip them. There are other menu items that are better!
+The hot chocolate is absolutely amazing. Please don't leave without trying it. I've tried the Cafe con Chocolate drink, the Oaxaca, and the frozen hot chocolate drink. All were amazing.

I'd definitely try to make a trip down here. The menu is flooded with dishes that sound amazing, and I can speak to the fact that they are executed wonderfully as well. I really am looking forward to trying more of their drinks, desserts, and dishes (namely the burritos!)
Very cool Mexican joint on a block you're not just going to stumble across in Southwest Philadelphia.  The chiliquiles con mole y chorizo were awesome, but I'm glad that we didn't bring our son along - the service was friendly but slow.

Although it takes a dedicated trip to get out there, it's not close to any of my usual spots, it's worth the trip one day.
Can I give 6 stars? When I grow up, I want to BE Cafe con Chocolate.... whatever that means.  CcC is a sanctuary amidst the crunchy streets of Point Breeze.  I originally came here because my student's mom owns and I wanted to meet more of the hispanic community in the area,  but now I insist on having a table for 1 or 2 every single Thursday.  I am greeted by warm terra cotta and turquoise walls.  Adrian's poignant artwork adorns the walls.  Vibrant colors and sounds take me to the streets of a safer Mexico.  Something is  playing on Pandora... it may be Maná, it may be Elvis, it just depends. 

I am tempted by the decadent sweets (can we say Carrot Cake or Tres Leches??) but usually get a dish that will make my soul happy, like molletes (pronounced moyetes): a simple dish of bread, beans, cheese and the best damn pico this side of the Río Grande.  Today I had a red curry with vegetables and pork.  (Please note that the owner is half Mex half Japanese, so you're getting the best possible fusion ever.)   I was also treated to a tofu bean chile with a slight aftertaste of chocolate. 

Cafe con Chocolate has bizarre hours.  They are only open Thurs-Sun, so please look at the schedule before you venture down.  I work nearby, and by Thursday, quite ready for my fix.  Please keep in mind that I write this with from the most stubborn of places: I am from Texas and have not been satisfied with my dining options.  I have finally found my Mexican soulfood haven.  Mil de Gracias!
I recently moved to this South Philly neighborhood and I kept seeing the sign for cafe con chocolate out of the corner of my eye.  Always while heading in the opposite direction.  Well today I discovered what I've been missing, great Mexican food west of the Italian Market area.  

After a late night of perhaps a little too much to drink, I stumbled out of the house in search of something good to eat and decided now was as good a time as any to explore the culinary offerings of my new neighborhood. Well I got about half a block before coming to cafe con chocolate.  I approached to find that this was more than just a coffee shop but a Mexican/Japanese fusion restaurant.  I had to check it out.

Once inside I discovered that the menu was mostly Mexican.  There weren't many Japanese offerings but other options abounded.  Upon the recommendation of another customer, I ordered the enchiladas with pork and a side order of the home fries, which were touted on the board outside the restaurant.  The enchiladas came covered in a delicious salsa verde with a side of rice and refried beans.  Everything was wonderful.  The pork was tender and well flavored and was complemented perfectly by the salsa.  The potatoes came out piping hot but once cool I found them to be well flavored and with a great texture.  They were nice and crisp on the outside and tender but firm on the inside.  They also were great when dipped in the salsa.  I wish I had more room in my stomach.  

The staff was friendly as well as the clientele.  The decor was warm and there was great art on sale.  My only complaint is that this place is not open more.  They are not open Mon-Wed and don't open until 10 am the other days.  I could see myself getting breakfast here most mornings. In any case I will return often.  I glad it's just around the corner.
I was really excited to try this place based on the reputation they've built, but unfortunately I left a bit disappointed.

I'll start with the good. I was part of a party of 9 and seating wasn't an issue (though it should be noted that we called ahead...we arrived at 11:30am on Saturday and all of the seats had filled by 12:30pm, so don't be surprised to see a wait around prime brunch time). I ordered the Chocolate Oaxaca to start and it was delicious. The drink wasn't too sweet and had a very rich chocolate flavor. Best of all they had a variety of non-dairy milks available for the drinks (almond, coconut, and soy).

Unfortunately, the meal did not live up to the drink. I ordered the Enchiladas Verdes with chicken. The first issue was that my food was pretty much cold. I wasn't the only one who experienced this, as another person at the table who also ordered enchiladas said her food was just below room temperature. In addition to the lack of heat, the dish also lacked flavor---I had to douse my entire dish in hot sauce to add some semblance of salt. Lastly, the enchiladas were completely swimming in the green sauce. There were times when I wasn't sure if I was eating enchiladas or enchilada soup.

One note about the price: I think the $ rating is very deceiving. Everything is dirt cheap if you don't want meat. If you add meat you're looking at $15-ish per entree, which is pretty much the standard price you'd expect to pay at other Mexican restaurants.

The service was okay, nothing memorable (not bad, not exceptional). I will probably try this place another time with a different dish, but on the first go round it definitely did not live up to its reputation.
Probably the best Mexican food in Philadelphia. They changed their menu since the last time I was there, but oddly the food was even better. The new menu is more condensed and seemed more refined. 

Started off with the guacamole which is sinfully perfect. Homemade chips, fried to order with guacamole is a match made in heaven. Also ordered the small plate of nachos (for all you spicy food lovers: pro-tip get a side of chipotle sauce and diablo sauce and thank me later)

For dinner I had the molettes with chorizo. AMAZING. Perfectly cooked chorizo on top of a Portuguese roll topped with beans cheese fresh salsa and onions? Hell yeah. The chorizo is perfectly spiced with a crispy casing and dripping in juices. Get it

My friend got the pollo en mole which was mind blowing. Their mole sauce is probably the greatest mole sauce in Philadelphia. You can actually taste the chocolate, perfectly complemented by their blend of spices, with tender fall off the bone chicken. My god.

And don't forget the tres leche cake and churro served with an expresso chocolate sauce.  The perfect ending to a perfect Mexican dinner.

if you don't go just because of the location, you are missing out on life.
WOW!  Went here for brunch today and was beyond impressed with the food (and drinks) we got!  First, my husband started off with a mango-guava-rasberry smoothie...delicious.  I had an iced hibiscus tea- SO GOOD!  We started off w/tortilla chips and pico de gallo, honestly blew any pico I've ever had way out of the water!  They somehow managed to pack 200% more flavor into it then I've ever experienced.  In fact, I didn't even mind the cilantro, which I normally hate.  For lunch I had the chilaquiles (no idea if I'm spelling this right) which turned out to be tortilla chips drenched in mole (you could choose the sauce) and smothered in cheese.  The mole blew my mind!! Other half had chorizo tacos which he said were delicious.  Both dishes came with rice and beans but it was not your average "eat them if I'm still hungry after my main entree" sides.  The rice had sweet kernels of corn and was perfectly seasoned and the beans were black beans, not your bland refried beans you normally expect.  All I can say is I will be back to explore more of there menu very soon!  This place is a mexican/japanese fusion so there is much more to taste!  Oh, and did I even mention that the service was EXCELLENT?  The staff was friendly, sincere, and unpretentious.  It was obvious that this place is strongly supported by it's local community; multiple customers were given hugs upon entry and the whole vibe was that of dining at a friend's house.  I've read reviews that said the food takes awhile....maybe we came at a good time but our food came out quickly and super fresh!! GO OUT OF YOUR WAY TO ENJOY THIS PLACE!! You will not regret it!
Thought this spot was ok. I got the iced cafe con chocolate and it was pretty good - on the sweet side, but still yummy.

I also got the fish tacos. They were only ok, though the two salsas we were given on the side were good. 

The service is really slow. My friend ordered a fanta and it took 10 minutes. From waiting for the table to be cleared, to being seated, ordering and getting food, we were probably at this restaurant or 2 hours. Great way to catch up with old friends, but annoying if you're hungry or want to get on with your day.
Can I just say that this may have been one of the best breakfasts I've ever had? My partner disdains what he calls "American" breakfast- sausage, eggs, pancakes... the like. He finds it heavy and repetitive, which is why I'm always on the lookout for 'alternative' breakfast options. This place was a perfect pick, and I loved how kitschy and cozy it is inside. The service was very friendly and I could not believe how quickly our food came out. We ordered the huevos rancheros as well as their namesake drink, the Cafe y Chocolate. I've had huevos racheros other places, but this place really hit it out of the park. There were three semi-fried tortillas with green salsa and a poached egg atop each. It was served with black beans on the side as well as a side of pulled pork which we added on. Each element was perfectly cooked and the combination of each ingredient really made for a filling and delicious breakfast. Between the two of us, we were very full splitting this dish. I have to say that you cannot leave this place without trying the cafe y chocolate. I'm not a huge chocolate lover, but this coffee drink is absolutely delightful. It is the perfect mix of coffee, chocolate and spices and is served in a giant mug which warms your heart and stomach. I would definitely come back here, if only for the cafe y chocolate. Our bill was brought in a little handmade sewn doll, which was a cute touch. Although we were only in the city for a weekend, I found myself eager to return for breakfast the next day even though there were other places I wanted to try. I would definitely recommend to others and would love to come back during my next visit.
I've been meaning to try this place for a long time, but I'm never conveniently at 20th and Snyder...mmm....I wonder why... 

Cafe Con Chocolate is not the type of place you'd expect to find in this part of town. It's something you'd find in NoLibs or Bella Vista perhaps. But I'm not complaining....in fact, I love that it's not. 

The place looks like any other coffee shop, cute and cozy. What sets them apart I think is their menu. It's a bit quirky, in a good way. Yes, the theme is weird, but you can't really dislike it if all the menu items are delicious. If a menu had foie gras, sushi, burgers, oysters, and pho, I would not mind at all. 

I ordered the tofu breakfast burrito, and regular coffee. I don't know what I was expecting, but this thing was huge.  I mean I still owned it...but it was pretty big. I usually instantly ask for hot sauce even before tasting, but after the first bite, I didn't even need it. Not that it was super spicy but it was flavorful with enough of a kick that made any additions unnecessary. 

I made one mistake in visiting this place though. I came on a Sunday, and now will have to wait until Thursday (when they open) to go back. What I should have done is try it on Thursday so I can return Fri, Sat, and Sun. Rookie mistake.
My friends and I went to Cafe con Chocolate for our Sunday brunch.  We went in a fairly large group with 7 people, but were seated right away.  Our server was an adorable and friendly young lady who was very familiar with the menu and explained all the dishes to us.  There was no tofu or Japanese food that day.  I ordered a cafe con chocolate, breakfast burrito, and homefries.  Food was delicious.  Cafe con chocolate was delicious, and HUGE.  Only complaint was how slow the food took to come to our table, and how long we had to wait for the check.  I figure that they are only busy on-and-off and can't afford to hire another server.  I would come here again!  They seemed happy to have us there to keep them in business.
We visited today as a group for brunch and expected a little bit more than the other restaurants due to the hype and the reviews here on yelp.  The drinks were outstanding, but I would say the food fell a bit short for us today maybe because we were in a group of 9.  I didn't think the food was as affordable as some reviewed because after adding meat, my entree was close to $15 which in my opinion is comparable to most Mexican restaurants.   My drink was about $5.   I have to say I have had far better Mexican foods else where and am really not sure why this place is raved as one of the best brunches of Philly.   Our food was about a 3 out of 5, service the same, and the drinks were a 5 out of 5.  I would give the restaurant a 3.5 out of 5.  Rice was a bit soggy, meal came out lukewarm to cold, and the service was just okay.  Refills were slow and there seemed to a communication breakdown between servers.    The very serious stoic person behind making drinks seemed very serious and maybe the owner or manager and gotta say her drinks were amazing.   I added steak to my enchiladas and the steak was rubbery and lukewarm.  I would not recommend Cafe y Chocolate as a brunch staple of Philly.
Went here today with a friend and spent so much time at this welcoming establishment. The empanadas, lattes, and smoothies were great. The staff make you feel so comfortable and the food is classic comfort. 

I wish I lived closer to this place but plan to make it out at least monthly. Glad I finally went!
I just love it here. Small. Cute. Quaint. Veg friendly. Delicious coffees. Off the beaten path. Very easy to miss except for the beautiful floral mural painted on the outside. 

We came here for the first time on a lovely summer Saturday morning for a day date and sat at the one little table outside. We ordered a fresh squeezed duo juice which was beautiful. Hubs got a chocolatey, sugary coffee (cafe chocolate) he loved and I finished our meal with a perfectly strong espresso in a fab blue and white printed cup and saucer. I ordered the tofu scramble and dare I say it gave Sabrina's a run for their money. Served with black beans and oh so incredibly delish!. My husband got the huevos rancheros and liked his a lot too. 

The second time we returned we came with the kiddos and splurged, ordering a ton of goodies. The littles got fruit smoothies which they downed in seconds. Hubs got a meat burrito he loved and I stuck with my tofu scramble because it was such a winner. The kiddos split a veggie breakfast burrito and we all got chips and guac. This time I tried one of their incredible Mexican coffees! I was so happy they had soy as a non dairy milk option. Indulge in one! You won't be disappointed! I just love how veg friendly they are here!

The place is tiny and from what I understand is now cash only. Perfect little brunch spot. Never had to wait. Super random location. 

Nothing but a positive experience all around, every time. Service was pretty quick and nothing to complain about. We will have to come back for dinner or lunch,  but brunch has always been great. 

Fab way to start the day! Lively, colorful, filling and caffeine enhanced! Go!
tl;dr the cozy atmosphere, combined with flavorful beverages and well-executed Mexican eats, make this South Philly cafe among the best affordable brunch options in the city

The folks at Cafe y Chocolate strive to make solid coffee and mouthwatering brunch fare both accessible and inviting. While moderately deep in South Philly, the corner shop is only a block from the Broad and Snyder station. The restaurant stretches deep back into the narrow space. As you enter and walk up a couple of steps and past the coffee shop prep area. The warm-toned walls are decorated sparingly with artwork, including a series of ink portraits and a square charcoal still-frame. The fireplace and exposed-brick mantle are repurposed into a bookshelf complete with trinkets and merch. Pull-apart faux-wood tables are paired with standard black-framed chairs and wooden benches. Spanish classics play pleasantly in the background.

We began our late lunch with an Iced Mexican Mocha and Horchata. The mocha ran strong, packing two shots of espresso and balanced out with the spiced Oaxacan chocolate. The horchata maintained a strong cinnamon flavor with a subdued sweetness. For eats, with opted for a Chorizo Burrito and Molletes (open-faced Portuguese rolls topped with beans and cheese) with Carnitas. The burrito appeared unassuming upon its large serving plate, but the flour tortilla was generously filled, mostly with the meat and melty mozzarella (the lettuce and tomatoes were served atop the burrito instead of within). The chorizo was flavorful without being overwhelmingly greasy. Meanwhile, the molletes were served in a picturesque flower pattern, with a large mound of flavorful carnitas in the middle. The Portuguese roll was buttery and pillowy, while the rich queso Chihuahua was perfectly melty without becoming a liquid mess. Both entrees were well-complemented by three sauces (green, red, hot), all delicious. My favorite was the sweet, savory, and spicy red sauce.

I felt right at home with the pleasant and attentive service. At $45 for brunch and beverages, Cafe y Chocolate seems a bit of a premium for Mexican fare, but a major steal among the Philly brunch scene.
I went here recently for brunch, and was totally blown away. I had read that the hot chocolate was good - but good doesn't really begin to describe it. It's more or less amazing. I wish I could have a vat of it to live in. It's the right amount of sweet, spicy, and frothy. It was a HOT summer day when I went here, and the fact that I wanted more made it even more amazing. I ordered the huevos abhogados - and they were delightful. Three poached eggs drowning in salsa verde,served with bread, beans, and rice.  SO TASTY. SO tasty. EVERYTHING was flavored well, including my beans and rice. I was in heaven. My dining partner ordered a huevos rancheros that was amazing as well. The mollettes looked amazing at the next table, and when I go back, I will order them.  The service here is great, they have tofu options for vegs and plenty of meat options for non-vegs. Also, the ambiance is great. The music selection was great, the walls are brightly colored, and the artwork is super cute. If I were you, I'd hurry on over b/c this place is a true gem in South Philly - and it's SUPER affordable!
I grew up in Mexico and this is as authentic as going over to your aunts house. The ingredients are straightforward and delicious, this chef has not fallen into the nouveau Mexican, americanized Mexican that so many other chefs in Philadelphia have fallen for. it's a little out-of-the-way but we had no problem parking and it's definitely worth the extra effort. It's cleaner than a lot of the places down by eighth street and it even has great kid options like Molletes, a staple of all Mexican fast casual restaurants and not one that I have ever seen in the United States. It's a Portuguese roll with beans and melted cheese on top, they add a little butter to make it that much more delicious for the kids but the salsa comes on the side so it's a perfect option to go with the the churros for dessert. The one thing is, good food takes time, the food is not going to come rushing, out so be sure it's going to be a leisurely meal. The The prices are amazing the portions are huge, we had a second meal at home with the leftovers. The kids keep asking when we're going to go back again. Parking was not a problem on a Sunday morning. The waitresses are extremely, nice personable and all speak English. I wish some of the other Mexican chef's would take notice and see what real Mexican cuisine is about. And how a restaurant can be successful and still serve good authentic Mexican food.
Highly recommended. Everything we ordered was excellent. The tamale azteca is superb, the cafe con chocolate excellent, and tres leches to die for. Riquisimo. Plus, I got the vibe there was a lot of attention to detail in the decor. We brought vodka and beer, and they were great about keeping our drinks cold for us. We stayed for 2.5 hours and had attentive service. Since it was such a beautiful night when we dined there, I half-wished that they had more substantial outdoor seating. Then again, given the neighborhood, perhaps I'm glad they did not. Either way, my only real complaint is that it takes a solid hour of public trans to get from west to 21st and Snyder. But hey, I ate enough that I needed that 7 block walk back to the sub. Overall, it's a high-quality venue with character.
I've had this bookmarked for quite a while and within the last week I've gone twice! I think that says a lot. I brought several people here from out of town, and every person has enjoyed their food fully. I would like to think I'll come here regularly. Haven't had a chance to save room for any dessert, but the enchiladas con salsa verde have been my favorite so far.

cash only, with ATM on premises.
Let me start by saying I'm mad that not many more people know about this place. So I will tell you: this place is SO CUTE. It has a mural wall outside and cute decorations (hanging pictures, stuffed dolls,...) inside. Everything is so colorful. The restaurant itself is small, but feels spacious enough as not many people come here. It feels like being in a pretty shop in a small tropical town. 
For the food, I'd say be adventurous. I myself do not have much previous experience with Latin American food, but everyone knows what Huevos Rancheros is. And trust me when I say the most basic dishes are nowhere half as good as the ones on their specialty section. I ordered a Huarache, and it was so worth it. It had a little bit of everything and the flavor combination was amazing. Meanwhile, my friend got Huevos Rancheros, and it tasted just like any of its standard version. It was also the first dish to arrive at the table. 
For the desert, I'd say go with anything. We got dulce de leche flan, churros and Mexican hot chocolate and they all tasted delicious. Will definitely come back to try all desserts if I have a chance.
Not sure this place needs more love but I HAD to share just how much I love it!! 

Its such an amazing little hidden gem that the fact that it is "cash only" doesnt even bother me! Their Mexican Hot Chocolate is a trip back to my abuela's house! Their cozy environment makes you want to stay forever. Their churro dessert is a MUST HAVE! Their customer service is the best, you truly feel you are at their own personal house!! LOVE this!
Cozy warm and inviting space. Seats 20 people max with some outdoor seating. Free street parking. We arrived at 10 am on Sat. and were seated immediately but i could imagine people needing to wait during peak hours. 

I was surprised with the drinks and food. I even asked the server whether this was Mexican food (which it was) because it wasn't quite like any of the Mexican food I've had before. It was like there was depth and extra savouriness to the flavors. The server mentioned the chef likes to experiment and i think they do it very well! I never had molletes before and it was so good! We almost went back the next day but we persevered to keep exploring the city. Easily my favorite eat during my first stay in Philly.
I really like this place and I can't wait to go back. The flautas with the seasoned beef are kind of amazing.
Cafe Con Chocolate is the best Mexican food hands down. I went there four days ago and cannot stop thinking of some of the food there. Even when some of the dishes weren't super exciting, they still just had that feel to them that someone put hard work into making them. Everything seems very home cooked there. We were the only ones in the restaurant and it took a decent amount of time between each dish which made me get the vibe they really put a lot into each dish.

Also, the waitress was phenomenal. She suggested many additions to our various orders at no extra cost! We tipped over 30%. 

No idea how any one finds this place. It is in the middle of nowhere within South Philadelphia. Truly a hidden gem.

We tried some shakes, omelettes, churros, cheesecakes, etc... Everything was superb but then that Torta! The torta was amazing. I got it with chicken. Everyone needs to get it. It is basically just the mexican answer to a hardy sandwich. The torta is something I can eat EVERY day. 

Definitely coming back. The kind of place that you can really impress a date with since it is such a hidden gem.
When I left Arizona for the East Coast in 2008, I figured I had left behind good Mexican food for good. I was mostly right, as the Mexican food in NYC and Philly tends to be one of two things: 1. Overpriced fancy fusion food (Lolita, El Vez, Distrito), which may be delightful but doesn't always hit the spot, or 2. 'traditional' yet uninspired Mexican fare that's gloppy and loveless. 
And then there's Cafe con Chocolate. What they do they do very well: simple, incredibly tasty Sonoran cuisine, with plenty of vegetarian options. The Mexican-style tofu torta, mole enchiladas, molletes, and chilaquiles are the best I've had since leaving Tucson. And the coffee here is great too. Add to this the fact that the restaurant space is lovely and that I've never had to wait more than a few minutes, and it's a can't-miss.
Best hot chocolate ever! The choclate oaxaca is the bomb! The best in my humble opinion. Love the little place and vibe and the food si good. I would come here just for the chocolate and I will. The service is quick as well, there is brunch, lunch and dinner...a lot of options to choose from in the menu. 
I had the torta (carnitas) and it was huge...it can easily be split with someone because it is too much food, unless you're extremely hungry, then that is your meal for the day. It is so good! For dessert, churros  de cajeta are great and a good portion to share as well.
Hey, I'll be back again and again for hot chocolate specially now that is winter.
The cutest little coffee shop I've ever been to! I highly recommend the tres leches. Definitely worth a visit. :) 
Ps. Don't forget to bring cash- it's cash only.
In a sea of brown buildings, Café y Chocolate's blue exterior is a sight for sore eyes. The inside is just as charming as the outside; it's small, with less than 10 tables, but the service is incredibly friendly and welcoming. 

I came for brunch with a few girlfriends, and we were able to find street parking right outside the restaurant. After we were seated, we poured over the menu, overwhelmed by all the delicious options. I ordered a café con chocolate and the huevos motuleños especiales, and the table got the special homefries and churros to share. Everything was absolutely delicious! The portions were huge, especially for the price. 

Don't forget to bring cash, as it's cash only. Great food and service, would definitely recommend!
I am thrilled to have found this place. I recently moved to the St. Monica's section of South Philadelphia and I really missed having a good cafe in walking distance. I unexpectedly came across Cafe Con Chocolate on my way to the post office and immediately fell in love w/ their menu. After trying them out a few times I can easily say they have great coffee and food, but almost just as important - their atmosphere is very welcoming - you will feel good in this place. I will be back to Cafe con Chocolate often. 

PS: While Snyder has a pretty poor reputation the block Cafe con Chocolate is on is not too bad. They are located directly next to St. Edmond's church, a very well kept and beautiful church. If you are going to drive to Cafe Con Chocolate - I recommend parking near the church if Snyder makes you weary. Also, Cafe con Chocolate has unexpected days offs - so if you are coming from a distance to visit this place be sure to call first to make sure they are open.
I LOVE everything about this place !

Atmosphere is cozy and inviting and the owner and primary server were so attentive !

The meal was incredible.

My friend and I began with their homemade tortilla chips (perfect crunch/bite and not greasy) with the guacamole.   Let me tell you,  in the 4 plus decades I've eaten guacamole,  this was the VERY BEST I have EVER HAD!  Chunky, fresh, flavorful ... I could've stuck my entire face in it !

My friend had the special taco combo and loved all 3.  I had the fish tacos and they were utterly amazing in flavor.

Thanks to other Yelpers,  we shared the Tres Leches cake and it was superb:  perfectly moist (and not mushy),  light and airy and just the right amount of chocolate drizzle and whipped cream.  

Cafe Ole's topped the entire experience off and were perfection.
This restaurant is really pretty on the outside and I like the decor on the inside. Staff is so friendly and I always enjoy talking to them. I've had the mole enchiladas so many times and it never disappoints me. Actually now that I'm thinking about it, I just might treat myself to some for dinner
I've been coming here off & on for a couple of years and decided to head back since the latest "remodeling" completed in mid May. I had almost forgotten to bring cash but I'm glad I did as they are cash-only.

In general: The menu on Sunday was different than previous. It was condensed and there was nothing Japanese on there anymore that I saw. There are a couple of new, larger tables to compliment the smaller ones. The messy computer station that took up eating space is gone. The wooden doorway food serving board is gone. The paint is fresh. The food came out quite a bit faster than in the past. It's slow but please, remember that this is a cultural place and they encourage you to come & sit, relax, talk, and hang out. When you go here, expect to wait for your food. Don't expect them to bring your check when you are finished eating. They want you enjoy the time with your companions,  to feel at home there, and will bring the check once you ask for it. Not all cultures kick you out to clear tables for more guests. 

The food: I always find myself gravitating towards the enchiladas with mole sauce because well, let's face it, they are delicious. The chocolate flavor really shines through the mole and yet maintains a nice spicy kick that delights. The cheese inside is firm and of good quality. It's not some greasy blob they try to hide. The beans are of the black variety and have full flavor. I wasn't as thrilled with my rice this time but I was full from the main part of the dish so I just moved it aside.

Over all, this place is worth a visit. This is not a typical establishment and should be visited when you have an hour to catch up with an old friend over good food.
We cant' support this local mom and pop shop enough, with bright warm smiles from the servers to delicious Mexican dishes. We even came 10AM for breakfast, not ordering any brunch or breakfast specials, but full on enchiladas, tacos, churros, and their special chocolate drinks! Best part about here is the attention to detail, from home made sour cream to beans -- I've never been a fan of sour cream, but they made their cream so light and unique that complimented the tacos very well, and their bean was smooth and rich. I really appreciate when restaurants care about important details like that, where they share the roots of their culture rather than going with convenience to buy premade items. I can't speak on how authentic the food was, but I can say my belly was beyond satisfied
Food: AMAZING, what a delicious surprise to find a New Mexican food joint with some some difference in traditional flavor and style. I loved the brunch options but it lacked in variation, it seemed as if it was just a small change to huevos rancheros. I was going to go for the breakfast burrito, but the other burrito options just sounded so much better... my gf got the scrambled eggs with chorizo, I thought it would be mediocre at best but the flavor was so delicious and welcoming, I immediately regretted not getting it, but when my chicken burrito came out... it was massive, I said to myself.. there I go again... eating with my eyes! Without a doubt though I did finish like 98% of it, ONLY because it was so delicious! And the cherry on top was the CHURROSSSS!! I would go back just for the churros and coffee, call it a day, cuz they were that good. 
Decor: beautiful, traditional, comfortable and welcoming, cafe bar was up in the front, food service was brought in from the back. Seating was comfortable, def big enough for big groups. 
Service: really on-top of things, I don't want to say "due to the corona virus" but it may have been it. Regardless they were attentive and very clean and fast! 
Drinks: Only because I have to mention the cafe con chocolate!  I was craving chocolate and here I was thinking to give the Oaxaca chocolate a try... but wow the cafe con chocolate was AMAZING! I beg you to order it if u read this go! Go now!!
Delicious chicken tinga burrito. Chicken is tender, good flavor. If you want more heat, you can put more chipotle that comes with it.

Plantain is hard and not sweet, which I assume it's from unripe plantain. I prefer sweet and caramelized plantain. It's a pass from me.

Churros is fresh. I ordered the one with caramel fillings but didn't notice it at all. It comes with chocolate dipping. The dipping is more like chocolate drink instead of melted chocolate. Definitely recommend this
A great brunch place in the city. Small and intimate, probably not good for large groups (4+). I only saw two tables inside for seating of 4. Staff was attentive, quick, and polite. Bathroom is clean and stocked.

Food was delicious. My partner got the flautas and I got the tamal Azteca. The meat was tender and fell apart on the fork. I would say the portion sizes are a on the small-medium side. We wished we had ordered an appetizer, but also we didn't feel stuffed/wanted to take a nap like we usually do after places like Honeys, cafe la Maude, green eggs. 

We would definitely recommend the cafe y chocolate coffee. A big cup of coffee with a little sweetness from the chocolate.

Prices were fair and on the cheaper side.

Definitely try this place out for a group of 2.
Visited this quaint little cafe today for the first time because my sister was visiting. The neighborhood might seem a little scary at first glimpse, but let this cafés bright flower mural put you at ease. Once you step in, you're in a cozy, dimly lit restaurant where a nice waitress behind the counter will tell you to sit wherever you like. The menu is mostly in Spanish, but there's enough English there that you know what you're ordering. 

We started with a speedy Gonzalez shake and a hibiscus tea to drink. The shake was wonderful, great flavor, and very filling if you just wanted to treat it like a snack. My tea was perfect. Not too sweet, with a strong hibiscus flavoring. The empanada we shared as an appetizer was light and crispy, perfectly flavored chicken with vegetables and salsa on the side. Then came our meals. No time for pictures because it was just that delicious. She got a burrito that she swears is the best of her life, and I got a tamale that was smothered in wonderful chicken and peppers with a verde sauce. It was a lot of food, I couldn't even finish it, but it was so good. But of course, there's always room for dessert, so we got an order of churros. They came out hot with Mexican hot chocolate to dip them in, whipped cream, and fruit to top it off. These churros don't have the middles cut out, so they're nice and crisp on the outside, and fluffy and wonderful inside. I personally liked mine topped with whipped cream best, but there's no wrong way to eat these, and they are a must buy on every visit. 

Just make sure you have cash for this little diamond in the rough because they don't accept cards.
AMAZING! This is a great little restaurant. Authentic Mexican Food that anyone can enjoy. My husband is from Mexico and this is by far the best he has ever had in all the state we have lived in. Just try the amazing enchiladas with Mole sauce.

The atmosphere is charming and relaxing. Prices are so reasonable considering the food tastes like it can from your own mothers kitchen. It is a little gem in this neighborhood and we can't afford to lose something so good. It brightens up the whole neighborhood. And we need more places with good food  and friendly people. 

Please stop on it and try it, you wont regret it unless you miss the chance to go.
AMAZING little place!!!! I HIGHLY recommend the Cafe con Chocolate!!
Best Mexican food I have had in Philly. Yoshi, the owner/chef was a pleasure to talk with, and made the best Veggie Flautas and Churros I have ever had.

In the Flautas, the tortilla was crunchy-perfect, and the veggies were well spiced and cooked to order. The Churros were oh so much better than any place I have ever eaten before.

I will definitely be returning to this cafe. The ease of parking was also a bonus.
Great service, Great place for food, and entertainment :-)
I was here for brunch to see a friend perform and delighted my tastebuds with their tres leches dessert, it was amazing!! Also had the agua de tamarindo, refreshing and perfect for hot days...come check this place out! You will love it!
Possibly my new favorite brunch spot in all of Philadelphia (don't worry Green Eggs, Honey's and Wedge + Fig, I still love you).  Well worth the trek for those living in Center City.  It was so good, that after noticing a row home for sale across the street, my husband made us look at it so that "Babe, we could eat here every day."

Highly recommend the huevos rancheros or breakfast burrito washed down by the Chocolate Oaxaca or the fresh squeezed juice.

Mmm!  Mmm!  Mmm!
We came at 9:30 am on a Sunday so we were the first one there and before you know it, it was packed ! Food was delicious, service was friendly. None of that fake over the top friendly. I had some cheesy and chorizo goodness with tortillas and a beautifully made "coffee con chocolate" I think is the name. Atmosphere was delightful. We enjoyed our first experience here.
FUNky place! purist's miso soup hit the spot & the cucumber salad in vinegar dressing tickled my nose & brought smiles. Bland pork tacos but easily rescued by excellent tomatillo salsa.   A must-go pilgrimage !
When I walked in, there were two older women, who either were still intoxicated from the evening before, woke up early enough to be borderline belligerently drunk by 10 am, or some combination thereof. Given the location, I was hardly surprised. So I grabbed a seat at the rear, and took a look at the menu. Tap water sans ice was immediately brought over, but there was no coffee order taken. Considering there were two employees working front of house and (including my table and the previously mentioned) a total of four customers, I was hoping to receive some coffee quickly. This is one of the first things ALL breakfast/brunch places should consider top priority. When people are awake on the weekend, they like to be caffeinated. I understand this is not universal, but for the brunch crowd it is pretty standard. So the waitress proceeds to not come over for about ten more minutes, while I scour the menu. All the while, listening to a strange smooth jazz play list of contemporary covers, and watching a computer monitor slideshow of said waitress on a trip somewhere. Two more people showed up, and I was worried all was lost. Would coffee even be an option now that there were six customers?


Well the coffee did come, however the order was taken with the food order. One Cafe con Chocolate (coffee with chocolate) and one black coffee, which took the same amount of time to get to us as the food. A huge issue for me. On a rainy day (or any day) when I am at brunch, I want to be sipping my beverage while waiting for my food. I would understand if they were backed up at the barista counter, but they were not. It was a huge disappointment. 

So the food came, along with the coffee, which was now too hot to drink until after I finished my torta. Oh yea, I ordered the chorizo and egg torta. It came on a crusty loaf of bread, and was HUGE. The ingredients were all tasty and included, sour cream and beans on one side of the bread, with chipotle mustard dip on the other. Packed in between was queso fresco, mozzarella cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and avocado, along with the aforementioned chorizo and eggs. The eggs were moist and not over cooked, and the flavors were all there. I wish the chorizo had more bite/spice, as it was quite mild. Overall, this was a pretty great breakfast torta. It was hardly authentic, but it was good, and at $8, a generous portion. 

My dining mate decided to be a bit more ambitious, and tried the huevos ahogados. It consisted of two eggs poached in salsa verde, with a side of refried beans, and chorizo was added to the order. On paper it sounded like it had potential (although I was skeptical), however in reality, it turned out to be a big flop. The dish lacked any kind of contrast of textures. It was basically a big bowl of warm salsa, with two poached eggs, some mashed beans, and chorizo. Everything in it was soft or chewy. It would have been a completely different story if there were some tortillas, or more reasonably, some chips served on the side. Or, perhaps even a spoon! Alas, there were none of the above, and the waitress then disappeared for about fifteen more minutes, and there was no longer any point. The flavor  was there in this dish, but the execution  was completely off point. There was no way to eat it, and the fork was very little help. It was a bowl of mush.

I like the idea of Snyder Ave. getting some love and offering something interesting besides the sadness that occupies most of the avenue west of Broad, but unfortunately, Cafe con Chocolate needs some work. I will try them again, but I will certainly have my coffee BEFORE I get there.
The service was good and the waitstaff attentive and laid-back.  I got the huevos rancheros and the mushroom empanada.  They were both excellent.  The salsa verde tasted homemade and the mushrooms in the empanada were well seasoned and a good consistency. The empanada was not what I expected.  I am used to the closed patty type.  However, it was pleasantly larger and delicious.  My husband ordered the chorizo empanada and the plaintains with cream cheese.  He slurped both of them down to nothing so I imagine it was quite tasty.  The only reason for giving it 4 rather than 5 stars was that our food did not come out at the same time.  I received my entree way before my husband and his plaintains came out when we were ready to go.  But they were well worth the wait!  I would definitely recommend this place and will certainly go there again.
Love this family-run restaurant!  The charming duo of mother and daughter is chef and waitstaff.  I ordered the tamal azteca and chocolate oaxaca, and the portions are huge!  The tamal was delicious-- the salsa was amazing.  I'm normally not a fan of rice and beans, but these were delicious.
A wonderful surprise!

We went there thinking that there would be great, authentic Mexican food with a few vegetarian options.  There were tons and tons of vegetarian items, and I think most were vegan, too.  We ordered just about half of the menu (not really, but we ordered a lot of food) and it was all so good!  Vegan mole enchiladas?  It is very rare to find a mole vegetarian dish, it was perfect.  The empanada was different then any that I have had before, it was served open rather than in a closed, dumpling style- similar to an almost closed, very thick shelled taco kind of thing.  I guess they are made that was because there are about 8 different options for stuffing and this keeps them fresh?  I don't know but it was great.  All of the tortillas are house made and are super fresh, doughy,  and yummy.  I would go back there again soon and eat the other half of the menu that we missed.  I was able to BYO beer and felt comfortable about that and, though it is in a bit of a random location, I ran into two good friends while eating there.  What a bonus! Our waitress was very sweet and helpful, too.
Very delicious little place! The food is delicious and inexpensive (my boyfriend and I both ate for $30). The Cafe con Chocolate is to DIE for. The decor is adorable! The staff is very nice. I don't know why people were saying that the service was slow... it was very quick and efficient! I am definitely recommending this place to everyone, and will be back soon!
WOW!  How come I didn't know about this place sooner?!  Came here with my gf, sister and brother in law!  To start off....we had the biggest smiles on our face from when we sat down until we left....!  

The hostess/waitress is really nice and gladly seated us and explained the menu to us as there were so many things on there we had no idea what to order.  Everything looked so good!  We had nachitos,  tortas, and burrito.  My brother in law who grew up in L.A. eating Mexican food approved so that's good enough for me!  My tummy agreed.  Even their cafe con chocolate, and horchata were amazing (no powdered mix taste).  

Their portion are pretty generous and the prices are very reasonable.  

Please note the churros are not as good.  They were dry and did not compliment the quality, taste and freshness of the rest of our meal.  It tastes like warmed up frozen churros.  None of us enjoyed it and for that I would have to give this place 4 stars.  How can you have a yummy Mexican place with yucky churros?! :T  

We will most certainly be back and keep craving to find a time to come back!
Hands down the best Mexican brunch spot in Philadelphia! You can find a little bit of everything no matter your diet. The menu is quite extensive as well as the drink menu! Our waitress was so sweet and honest, the service was faster than expected based on other reviews, and the food definitely hit the spot! I would come here every week if I lived closer. I hope they open at another location!
this place was way cute and the service was friendly and helpful.  what a neat concept for a cafe!  i loved the menu (lots of vege-friendly stuff) and it was hard to decide, but ultimately i went with the mexican menu and had nachos and an empanada.  i was surprised the nachos used that real mexican cheese whose name i can't pronounce.  great with sides of salsa verde and guacamole (which they didn't even charge extra for!).  my tofu empanada was a little bland but the nachos more than made up for it.  wish they had seitan or a heartier meat sub.  next time i will try the japanese menu.  i did pair my mexican meal with a japanese green tea which went down just fine.
We had a staff development nearby and while everyone else went to McDonalds and a shopping outlet, three colleagues and I came here. Cash Only is always a predicament, but we still ate like kings. The guacamole was homemade, so that's always a plus for me, and everyone enjoyed their lattes and coffees. I am mostly GF and was very happy they had several options for my diet. This is a place I would definitely come back to while in the area.
Finally convinced myself to walk the 3/4 of a mile down Snyder to Cafe con Chocolate last Sunday. With a jumbled head full of mixed reviews, I didn't know what to expect.

What we found was a charming and cozy little corner cafe with the most bizarre clientele I have ever seen. From a woman who was clearly some sort of religious defense attorney flanked by her silent, bejeweled husband to a lesbian couple wearing head-to-toe Old Navy "swishy" clothes, we were more or less forced to sit in awe of our brunch companions for the hour it took for our meal to come to pass.

Yes. You heard right. It took over an hour. But that's okay.

The cafe was staffed by about two individuals total. Both were the sweetest, most well meaning of servers, making their slight ineptitude at multitasking or even carrying more than one thing at a time seem unimportant.

When we finally did receive our food - my lord was it delicious. They had been running low on nopales (which they had alerted me to in advance), so my veggie tacos were filled with an improvised mix of nopale and poblano that was absolutely stellar. The killer of the day, though, were the chilaquiles with mole sauce and two fried eggs. THE MOST PERFECT TASTING PLATE OF MUSH. Even the re-fried beans on the side were mouth-watering. Their traditional mole is unlike the milk-chocolatey junk you find in many small Mexican cafes. It's rich, warming, complex and just slightly sweet - the perfect thing to soak an enormous pile of homemade tortilla chips with.

Price point note: plates aren't dirt cheap until you consider the portion size, which is very generous.

So when you have an entire afternoon to kill, enter the parallel universe that is Cafe con Chocolate, slow down, and enjoy some wicked good traditional Mexican food at the speed it was meant to be enjoyed at.
My partner and I came here on a Friday night, and the place was nearly empty. I had the cafe con chocolate (a big, spicy mocha) and molletes (toasted, buttered roll with beans and cheese), and I think that he might have had enchiladas. I'm from the southwest and I know good Mexican food -- this was incredible. 

The woman who served us was very helpful and pleasant, but it's clear that the restaurant has some logistics problems. When I came back for brunch with my partner and a friend, we were seated right away and we had a similarly excellent experience, although there seemed to be a big wait as we were leaving. Maybe they should consider smaller, square tables so that they can fit more people into the space? I don't know, but none of these issues distracted from my experience. 

It was great, and I recommend Cafe con Chocolate to all of my friends.
i always saw a bright yellow and blue building just driving on snyder on my way home and always wondered what it was. heard that it was a little cafe so my sisters and i tried it out.

we've been here a few times and i really like this place!

it's a pretty small hole in the wall type of cafe, but that's what i love about it. very cozy and everyone that works there is very very friendly. i believe is a small family that works there. 

the cafe is on a corner in a not-so-great area, but its also around the corner from me and the food hits the spot when you're looking for some brunch that's not out in nolibs or super crowded at the more popular spots.

they do have an interesting menu setup because its a lot of Mexican brunch and some Japanese food items, but i do love both cuisines, so it didn't fail. i've tried their Huevos Rancheros, Chilequiles, and Huevos Ahogados. i loved all of them. the salsa verde is nice and spicy and great to eat with bacon on the side! i also really loved the Cafe con chocolate which is hot chocolate with a shot of espresso and the mango juice! the mango juice is authentic and if i could, i would've drank a whole case of those mango juice bottles. we also had their tres leches and it wasn't bad, but i've had a much better one somewhere else.

the only thing i don't like about the place is the waiting time to get your check, so if you come here, bring cash. it'll be easier and faster.
Mexican brunch is the best brunch. This place is small, quaint, and feels like it could be a little coffee shop in a romcom. Their food feels authentic and that each dish was carefully crafted. The churros are a must try, and in my opinion, a sign of their culinary prowess. I would've drank the chocolate sauce if my friends would've let me. The best drink is easily the cafe con chocolate. Rich, generously portioned, and appropriately sweetened, I considered ordering another. The fresh fruit juice was also refreshing. The juevos revueltos migas and juevos motuleños especiales were the highlights off the brunch menu. I enjoyed the chorizo as well but didn't think it was necessarily out of this world. 

The bottom line: definitely worth the trip from center city. The drinks and brunch are particularly this places specialty
The food and the drinks are simply amazing but the server is what gave this place a 5 star rating. Been here three or four times and she never once disappoint me or the guest. No need to say more.
Stopped in for linner (somewhere between lunch and dinner).

SOLID fish tacos and burrito (they accommodated my request!).  Lightly fried fish, crisp lettuce, buttery avocado, perfect crunch on the pressed tortilla.  They currently set the bar for fish tacos in the area for me.  Sorry Los Gallos - I may have gotten a bad batch from you, but I almost gagged the last time I ordered yours :(  Service was friendly, though a bit lackadaisical.  Yes, I know, it's on par with other neighborhood joints.

I'd like to give them 3.5 stars - why do you ask?  My churros (the main draw for coming here) were a bit stale and the chocolate dip was not thick as other reviews said it would be.  I'll revisit the rating when I revisit on a busier day when they're making the churros fresh :)
The first time I came here I left with a bad impression but I wanted to give it another chance today and  the same thing happen again I was disappoint again. I came in a group of 5 we asked for churros first and they came after one hour later only because we ask if they were coming out. The food came out at different times. One of the food came out way before all the other food came and we ask if they could keep it in the kitchen until the other food comes and they toke it back and they brought it cold and they toke it out and reheated it. I just wish they can improve because I would like to come back to this place and I hope to come soon
I LOVE mexican brunch...My roommates have been raving about this place for a while and I finally had a chance to try it a few weeks ago. We were a large group of people (maybe 8)? I ordered an iced mexican hot chocolate (their signature drink is the hot version) and a breakfast burrito with chorizo. I liked the drink but definitely should have stuck to the hot version which is AMAZING (had a few sips from my friend). My burrito was delicious and huge, I only wished it had more chorizo! A lot of our group ordered the chilaquiles which you can get with or w/out eggs (someone might have gotten chicken too but I can't remember). I wouldn't necessarily have ordered that because it is mostly tortilla chips but everyone really enjoyed their dishes. Another member of our group, loved his tacos. The churros y chocolate were also delicious. The waitresses were very sweet and accommodating and not flustered at all by our large group. People were coming in and out of the place, you could tell they are popular. I want to go back to try more dishes (tacos and other brunch items) and a cafe con leche! I wish it wasn't cash only as I never carry cash with me... =( The prices were reasonable though! They also own la mula terca across the street which I also want to try (more expensive though). Also, the mural outside (flower) is beautiful! =)
Drinks: 4.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4.5
Value: 3.5

We came for coffee and a snack, as that is what this place seems to be best known for. For that, they are a bit pricey. For a fully meal, their prices more or less seem on par with other Mexican restaurants in the city. But this place is cozy, and what they do, they do well.
Really great coffee and chocolate and really great Brunch food featuring all kinds of Mexican and Central American dishes. 

If you're looking for a more traditional "fine dining" experience try the owner's dinner spot across the street, La Mula Terca. It's the best "Mexican Latin" (heavily South America and Central America influenced) food I've had in a very long time!
I was really excited to try Cafe Con Chocolate. When I had first heard about them they were closed and I went as soon as I read they had reopened.

I had chicken flautas. They were a little on the bland side but okay. I also tried the enchiladas with mole sauce. I had never had mole before so I wasn`t sure what to compare it to, but it was good. The portions are generous and everything was priced well. But, sigh,

I love flan. So much. I was super excited to have a good piece of it but unfortunately they were out. So, alright. An order of churros it is. Fried pieces of dough rolled in brown sugar, regular sugar, and cinnamon, maybe even topped with some whipped cream? Por favor. The place was empty besides two other people, who were already eating as my guest and I ordered dessert, so it shouldn`t have taken too long. Almost 20 minutes later they`re brought to us. And I`m sorry, but they were straight up gross. Minimal sugar, no brown sugar or cinnamon, and had a weird bitter taste from the grease they were fried in.

An overall alright experience. Would like to come back, but until then, you can find me kickin` it at El Jaracho for my Mexican food and flan kicks.
This little hole-in-the-wall Mexican brunch place is such a cute little place that has the flavor and quality of a restaurant much larger. I ordered the chilaquiles which were phenomenal, as well as the Cholocate Oaxaca. Both of these things were insanely delicious, and the cup of Oaxaca was insanely large.
This place is so unexpected. The menu is eclectic Japanese and Mexican and everything is made fresh to order. My breakfast/lunch partner and myself ordered the empanadas, plantain with cream and cheese, and the real breakfast boritto with choizo and cafe con leche. All I can say is DELISH!
Will be back for more
The most entertaining and delicious brunch I've ever had.

Came in at around 11 on a Saturday and we were the only people in there, which allowed us to chat with Doug and Yoshi.  Doug is a chatty, swearing Irishman, and an equal opportunity offender who made fun of bottom-of-the-barrel Irish, and knocked on Yoshi the half-Japanese, half-Mexican cook who dished it right back. If you are easily offended, you probably would not appreciate Doug, but I had the one of most entertaining brunch's I've ever had.  He told us stories about growing up in Ireland, getting wasted in his early days, and getting stabbed in Fishtown.  

The food was fantastic.  To start we had tortilla chips and this homemade chipotle sauce that was just TO DIE for.  I globbed it up and shoveled it into my mouth until I had tears in my eyes and my stomach burned in pain, but I couldn't stop.  I got the scrambled eggs, chorizo with a side of black beans.  DELICIOUS.  The chorizo was big, plump flavorful pieces of goodness.  The service was also fantastic.  Between stories, Doug kept our water glasses filled and the La Colombe coffee flowing.

I can't wait to go back here to stuff my face and to chat it up with Doug and Yoshi again.  This place is definitely worth the schlep to.
Great food, fair prices, loved the uno cards, and the tortilla soup is delicious! Went with my brother and children and brother, will return!
I'm usually not a "mocha" kind of guy, but I figured I'd try their namesake and order a Cafe Con Chocolate... wow! Nothing short of amazing... creamy, with great coffee flavors, and the Mexican chocolate just sends it over the top... cinnamon, spice... it was the high point of my day, seriously!

I also ordered Molettes, split Portugeuese rolls topped with refried black beans and melted Chihuahua cheese... fantastic... I can't wait to go back, although I wish they opened earlier in the morning. 

Try this place out, you will NOT be disappointed!
Place is cozy and small. Large portions and fair prices. I had the blue huarache with steak and my Wife had the Tamal Azteca both were delicious. 

For dessert the cafe con chocolate and churros are a must. 


They let you BYOB, we didn't know but next time we will go prepared
It's so good. Nice little cozy place with just bomb food. The Mexican hot chocolate is amazing. The chilaquiles are delightful. Better than half the places in Mexico that i went to. My Mexican friends agree. The servers are super friendly too. That's all. Come here. You won't regret it.
Really cute place. Food was good and looked good. Really nice ownership and staff. I am looking forward to coming here more and more, getting more of the menu. I recommend this to anyone, no matter where you are coming from. Even though I have so many Mexican places where I live, I would still come back here anytime.
Cute charming place! We saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to check it out on a casual Saturday evening. 

Initially we had explored the menu online and I think we were kind of confused by the contrast between the name of the cafe, the food on the menu, and its advertisement for being Mexican and Japanese fusion. Regardless, we went and ordered the Enchiladas de Mole and the Special Tacos with chorizo to share. The food really lived up to the good reviews, and the service was particularly cheerful and solid, which made the experience even more pleasant. The mole sauce was new but I enjoyed it a lot! One side note is that it did feel a bit on the more pricey end for the type of food/advertised price category ($), but we decided that it seemed worth it. 

To close off the meal, we got the Chocolate Oaxaca drink instead of the classic Cafe con Chocolate since I don't drink coffee. This was a big plus for my sweet tooth - a delicious large frothy mug of hot chocolate! It wasn't overly sweet but still tasted fairly rich, with hints of cinnamon that made it really flavorful. We intend to come again!
Very aesthetically pleasing little restaurant. I was expecting Mexican and Japanese fusion from the way people talk about it, but it's actually just mostly Mexican dishes and then 3-4 Japanese options on the menu. Service was very warm and friendly. 

For dinner we got an order of nachos (of course) and empanadas. The nachos are HUGE, so much so that I only took a few bites of my empanada afterwards. The nachos were good but had a few too many cold elements and no spice at all - cold cheese, cold sour cream, lettuce - it makes a bit of a funky taste, especially towards the end. The empanadas are very good and the chorizo comes with potato mixed in which I've never seen before at other Mexican places (I've been to far too many). 

I'd be interested to go back and try brunch here and have some Mexican hot chocolate or coffee, neither of which I got since I went in the late evening for dinner and it was about a thousand degrees outside.
I specifically asked the hostess if I could be out by a certain time and they brought our food 10 min after that te. The hues Rancheros were very runny and difficult to eat.  The looked pretty bad worst I have had. My husband's burrito was a strong 4.
Unexpectedly fantastic food. The last stop of a day filled with delicious food, and this was the winner. Ordered the fish tacos and it made me want to move to Philly. Sooo good. I believe the description said fried fish with guacamole. The fish was fried but definitely not greasy, it came out hot and flaky and delicious. It was also not a thick batter, but very light coating. The guacamole was not mashed like guacamole but rather small cubes of avocado, but was still good. Lastly I didn't know it was topped with chipotle mayo which I normally don't like but it was good and brought out the flavors well.

Horchata and tres leches were good too.
One of my faves... Get the carnitas ANYTHING. It's delicious. Yummy cafe con chocolate, chipotle potatoes, homemade salsas, etc. I can never come here enough to try everything that sounds good on the menu. Love the homey, cozy environment. My roommies and I love el jefe! Everything we've had was also delicious!
came here for brunch with my husband, brother, and his gf. the food was great!! my husband's from LA..and he really misses good mexican food. he got a steak burrito and said it was really good. i had the mexican cheesesteak..it was huge and freakin delicious! my bro's gf doesn't eat meat..so she got the tofu torta and said it was really good also... very good sized portions! as far as drinks... the horchata is the best i've ever had..! the cafe con chocolate was also very good! the only thing we probably wouldn't order again would be the caramel stuffed churros... they had run out of the plain ones. the server was a doll...super helpful w/ recommendations.

love this place!
This gem of a restaurant is small and cozy but very accommodating to our party of 7. There is probably seating for about 35 inside. 
I ordered the cafe con chocolate (cold) and it was delicious. Sometimes the Mexican chocolate has overpowering cinnamon but not here. Not overly sweet either.
The Pico de Gallo and the tortillas tasted perfectly fresh and the balance of flavors was so good. Highly recommended! 
The huevos rancheros were flavorful but not what I've grown to expect from huevos rancheros. I'm used to crunchy fried tortilla base with eggs. Here, I got tortillas soaked in sauce with eggs. Not saying it was bad, just different but still delicious.
Caramel churros were very good, the caramel was like "dipping in hot chocolate".
The salsa diabla is hot and vinegary. I loved it but you should try a bit before committing. The Portuguese rolls are buttered and are essentially a thin version of Italian bread.
