Oh Mon Dieu, I cannot stop telling people about the wonderful dinner experience I had here the other night! Yes, you read that correctly: Dinner. The Fitler Square neighborhood has been keeping a giant secret from you, and it's authentic French Tuesday Dinners at Cafe Lutecia from 6-9pm, BYOB, no reservations (you can call ahead to put your name down). On those nights the sleepy cafe is transformed into a bustling neighborhood hang where all 25 seats are full, the wine is flowing, the staff is laughing, joking (and occasionally taking shots with) customers who seem (and probably are) more like old friends, an adorable french lady (the owner) stops by to chat about your (delicious) meal, and an impressive array of tapas (think Brie and fig crostini, spanish omelette, and other delights) is spread out for you to drool over and choose from.

The menu is small and changes every week- tapas ($2-5 a piece), a few small plates ($5-12), 5ish larger plates ($12-20) (not full entree size, but maybe this is why French people are skinny?), and a few desserts ($6ish). Check their instagram for a preview, or if you want to torture yourself.

"The Fat Four", as we call ourselves, took down the following with several tapas:
- Coquille St Jacques a L'espagnole- scallops perfectly cooked, a little spicy, and with potatoes, these were everyone's favorite- must try.
- Salade Landaise Chaude- Large duck leg, topped with yolky egg, delicious dressing, amazing, if this is on the menu, get it.
- Escargot- we asked for extra bread for all the butter and fought over the extras.
- Roasted Pork Belly- very fatty but very amazing.
- Duck Pate- Holy duck this was good. So creamy and flavorful.
- Cauliflower au gratin- cheesy, creamy, more bread for dipping please?
- Grilled Garlic Shrimp- very messy (they're head on, so if that skeeves you out, beware) but very flavorful. 
- Anchovies in vinaigrette - not my favorite but others loved them. The vinaigrette was great.
- White Asparagus with bernaise- the bernaise was great but the consistency of the asparagus wasn't great- the only thing I'd skip next time.

The desserts! Chocolate bread pudding made from chocolate croissants! Amazing. Lemon Meringue Tart with Meringue so high you'd think you were skiing in the alps.

Honestly we were pretty full, but we probably could have had more because it was so good!

I sincerely apologize to the Fitler Square Neighborhood for spreading this secret, and especially to my friend's parents, who have been eating here weekly, but (like almost all of the dishes) this is too good not to share! 

Tres Bon! Magnifique! Delicieux! Excellent (it's the same in French)!
Best Tomato Bisque in the city.  Best Tomato Bisque anywhere.  I challenge you to try it and disagree with my assessment.  One sip and you'll be hooked...guaranteed.  If it wasn't so cliché, I'd insinuate that the Bisque was spiked with crack cocaine and formed the lynchpin of some CIA driven plot to bring down the Fitler Square Yuppie community.  People turning tricks for Bisque?  Try it and tell me it couldn't happen.  I dare you!

If you don't fall head over heels in love with this Bisque, then there's something wrong with you and I'd encourage you to consult your primary care physician as soon as possible.  

In fact, the only plausible explanation for an unenthusiastic response to the Bisque has to be some sort of deep-seated hatred of the French.  I mean, I get it.  They're ungrateful for all we've done for them, they get 6 months of vacation a year, they don't work then complain about not working, Sarkozy's wife is way too hot for a first lady, and Proust is a god-awful bore, but you really shouldn't hold any of this against the Bisque, so get over it.

The intense cravings brought on by the Bisque can best be described by a short story.  

It was pleasant fall Sunday, circa 2K8.  A dear friend of mine invited me to lunch at Café Lutecia.  I had never been, it was close to my house, and he'd been raving non-stop about a Tomato Bisque for the past four months, so I was understandably curious.  By all means, I said.  Let us go.  

We made the short walk to Lutecia and were fortunate to sneak into an outside table moments before a crowd of 20 bumbling Penn students arrived (as a side note, this species has since disappeared from the neighborhood thanks to the bridge construction so they are no longer a concern).  

I was comfortable, menu looked strong...life was good by all accounts.  That is, until the waitress came out and boldly announced that there was but one Bisque remaining.

The music stopped.  My friend turned his head so quickly to gauge my reaction that I could literally hear his neck muscles creak and his brain slosh against his skull.  His eyes blazed with a feverish insanity of an intensity that I had only seen one time prior in the eyes of a crazed Czech drunk on murky wormwood and anti-American rhetoric.  

His look said quite clearly so as to leave no room for confusion - "I found this place, I allowed you to come here, you would have never heard of the Tomato Bisque were it not for me, so stand down, back off, and be grateful for your Lentil Soup.  If your mouth even so much as begins to form the O necessary to pronounce TO-mato, I will flip this table, tear you limb from limb, and be forced to enjoy my Bisque amidst the ruins of your mangled corpse."

Needless to say, I ate Lentils, he ate Bisque and all was well in the universe.  It wasn't until a full month later when I was finally fortunate enough to savor the nectar of the Gods that is, Café Lutecia's Tomato Bisque.  

Go to Lutecia, order the Bisque, become the heart of D'Artagnan, and swim in delirium.
When I used to live around the corner on Croskey Street, Cafe Lutecia was my everyday lunch spot. The small cafe had a few tables inside and maybe 3 outdoors. It's a quaint establishment with a mere 3 people on staff. You can't mess with the food though. Fresh baguettes, crisp veggies, savory meats. I always ordered the chicken salad salad. That's a scoop of chicken salad over a bed of lettuce and other veggies. Even though it sounds simple, it's the best chicken salad I've ever had. No joke. The dressing is also perfect. Order the soup too. Everything's homemade and fantastic. 

When you're in here, you feel like a friendly Francophile couple opened their doors and invited you into their country kitchen.
I mean this in the nicest way possible: Café Lutecia is the Doobie's of coffee shops. As cozy and lived-in as your grandparents' basement, this café is a far cry from some of the newer, trendier coffee shops. 

The food smelled heavenly when I stopped in yesterday for a quick iced coffee to go. Several people appeared to be regulars, and the tables outside are always occupied whenever I pass by.

I offer up only three stars because I think the coffee is average, but I know that I'll be returning soon for lunch based on the raves of other Yelp friends. The sight of a bubbling hot, cheese-topped French bread was all I needed to make a mental note to plan my next visit.
I wanted to love this place. Hipster vibe, Opera News in the window. It is clearly a family neighborhood joint, but if you're not in that crowd, you're just not a priority to get served. We waited almost 25 min for a cold soup, tomato & basil & mozz salad, and two omelettes. Why they couldn't bring out the soup and salad after 5-10 min is beyond me, it takes 10 seconds to pour soup and another 60 seconds to chop up some tomato mozz and basil and pour some olive oil on top. The waiters in the back seemed to be taking their time, sipping on coffee, you know generally enjoying life as I gazed sadly at the couple outside getting fed the delicious food I so desperately wanted in my mouth. First world problem, yes. But if my bill is going to be $40 for a meal I can make for $5 at home, then at least can it take a little less time that almost half an hour?

The restaurant was also only half full. When we said something about how long the food was taking, we were told other people had ordered before us. Then it was later giggled at when we brought it up again. Basically, we started to get hangry. I hate to be "that" customer because when I first sat down I really loved it. But by the end, we left irritated and upset that the waiters couldn't even apologize for the delay or offer us some coffee on the house while we waited. Not sure how this place stays in business if it can't feed a half full restaurant.
I am very disappointed to have to give such a bad review of Cafe Lutécia. Very little about my experience there was positive, and though I hope it was just a bad day for them, I won't risk it by going back.

First, our waiter was not very kind. I (as well as others in my party) felt that we were being given attitude based on our orders (hinting that we should order more, for instance). It did not make us feel comfortable. Our food came very late- it took about an hour to get our food (salads, quiche, and a baguette with butter and jam), and it was fairly clear that it was because our order was forgotten. When it did come, the portions were very small, and my quiche was pretty flavorless and, worst of all, the crust was undercooked to the point of being raw. 

As much as I wanted to love this cute little cafe, I left wishing that I had simply had my friends over to my place to make them brunch, because I am positive that I could have done a much better job, and for a fraction of the price.
Have you ever had a day when nothing was going right? When you wished you could just disappear somewhere more exciting and exotic than, say, Lombard Street? Well, when you get that empty feeling, grab a book or your BFF and get lunch at this perfect little cafe. 

As soon as I sat down I was greeted by the nicest waitress in the entire universe. She gave me iced tea - and entertained me with witty banter. I was already writing the review in my head when my friend came in to join me and we commenced our tomato bisque and sandwich feast. The food was perfect (I hear their salads are also great) and the crowded, low-hum of the restaurant was ideal for a much needed break from running around town.

We grabbed lattes to go and then actually stopped for a second to sit outside at their sidewalk tables (what an unexpectedly warm day!). And then I realized that the funk I had worn like a cheap shrug from Forever 21 was gone, all because of this sweet little place my smart friend took me to. Now I'm their biggest fan. Just make sure to leave me a table by the window...Lombard Street may not be the Champs d'Elysee but now that I've dined at Cafe Lutecia, I'm no longer on the lookout for something different than what's right here in our lovely city.
I love, love, LOVE this place.

My college French professor introduced me to this small spot more than a few moons ago - not only is there French memorabilia here, there's FRENCH FOOD. We sat inside (though it was nice enough to sit outside) and enjoyed the ambiance, wonderful, personable service, and the out-of-this-world dishes. Luckily, prices are NOT out-of-this-world. Don't forget to get the quiche, it's in-croy-able (incredible)!

Worth a trip, and highly recommended.
In the grips of a Nor'Easter, precious few things can motivate me to tackle the elements and trudge several blocks through snow, wind, icy slush and people shoveling their icy slush onto passersby. I brave these things for Cafe Lutecia's tomato bisque. A heavenly balance of creaminess, tomato acidity and just a little pepper, this soup is divine. It's served with dense, soft white bread, and it's perfect.

I usually get half a warm brie sandwich to dip into the bisque, but my favorite member of the sandwich team is the Tolosa, with goat cheese, red pepper and serious garlic (delightful). Coffee, other soups (including the cold cucumber) and quiche are top-notch here, too, and in the summer, you must try the fresh, perfectly proportioned lemonade, preferably while sitting outside. 

With super friendly, laid back service and plenty of interesting reading material scattered about, this is my favorite place for lunch in any season.
Simply wonderful! Looking for some comfort goodness today and I knew exactly where to turn. I have been wanting to visit Cafe Lutecia ever since moving to the neighborhood and this was the perfect occasion. 

The bf and I ordered two soups (tomato bisque and a red pepper and crab bisque) and two sandwiches (croque monsieur and brie w/basil and tomato). The soups were absolutely phenomenal - warm, thick and absolutely perfect. The sandwiches need separate mention. The croque monsieur was good albeit a bit heavy, though not surprising considering the ingredients. The brie with basil and tomato sandwich was full out awesome. It was super simple but the ingredients were extremely fresh and wonderful. The brie was so perfect and cut into the perfect thickness; not so thick it was all I could taste and not so thin I wondered why I paid the money to taste it. 

The prices are a bit steep but the products are worth the extra cash. Two sandwiches and two soups came to $30 which is a little steep for a simple lunch but considering I needed the comfort and the pick-me-up, well that's a cheap fix!
A true neighborhood cafe that is serving high quality French food. Their menu is fairly extensive for such a small kitchen and space and includes sandwiches, omelette, and daily specials. The inside is always crowded and you get very cozy with your neighbors but that adds to the charm. Once the weather warms up eating outside is an option you should always take.

I've never had a bad meal here although the portions are fairly small and the prices a little high. No matter, I'm happy to support such a wonderful family business. If the bread pudding is available, get it!
Maybe I went on an off-day. The server was rude, the orange juice tasted canned, and the quiche was cold in the middle. 

I pass by this place once a day on my walks, and it always seems closed.

Based on the rave reviews, I guess I should give it another try, but the memory of the server spilling oj on my lap and walking away without a "sorry" makes me hesitant.
By far my favorite breakfast and lunch place in Philly.  I used to go every weekend when I lived close by, now it is a bit harder. They have always fantastic soups and quiches. Their sandwiches are great, like the perfectly toasted baguettes with ham and brie. They make great espresso-type coffee drinks.

Now, let me repeat, this is a breakfast and lunch place, not brunch. It is a true French cafe, so don't come here expecting your generic american brunch menu. If you want to drink a bloody mary and eat eggs benedict or huevos rancheros, please stop reading now and go somewhere else. Unfortunately, lately they caved in to the american taste and started offering egg dishes, but if you want to eat your brunch eggs, please do us all a favor and go somewhere else. Hopefully, we can preserve their Frenchness for a little while longer.

Now if you are more inclined to try eating a soup and a quiche for breakfast, please try this amazing neighborhood gem. They offer great food and great value.

Useful info: Cash only. The place does not take reservations, it seats about 20 people in there, plus another 15 outside when the weather is good. It gets crowded and the wait can be longer than 30 minutes on a weekend. Parking in this area is not easy to find.
A great walkable neighborhood (Graduate Hospital, Fitler Square and Rittenhouse) French cafe that serves hot and cold sandwiches, soup, salads, omelettes and more. Super cozy ~20 seat cafe with attentive and very friendly staff. I cannot believe this was the first visit to this place and I have been living around the area for 2.5 years. Shame on me. Nevertheless, the corner cafe gives great views of Lombard St. with nice big windows while you sip on your coffee and read the paper. 

I really enjoyed the sausage and tater tot quiche, wow. Big flavor and made with love. They have a few daily special soups and quiches that aim to please. My wife really enjoyed her ham and brie sandwich on a plentiful baguette. Quaint and loving cafe....will make this part of the rotation now.
Fyi Cafe Lutecia accepts credit cards now (except Amex). 

Very small space with a cute French feel. Very cozy and warm. Walked in today and my glasses fogged up! Was comfortable once I sat for a bit. 

I had the sandwich du jour which was pot roast with au jus, mustard, micro greens, and a fried egg on a french baguette. I loved it, it was delicious! The bread was crispy and perfect and the meat was flavorful and moist. The egg was nice and runny. Would definitely recommend. 

My friends got a ham and Brie sandwich and the smoked salmon and creme fraiche omelet and both really liked their dishes. 

They also have a full espresso bar and have pastries (croissants, muffins, etc.)

Lunch menu and brunch menu from 10/28/18 attached to this review.
This cafe is cute, but I've been a little underwhelmed every time I've gone there. The quiche is great, but the staff was a little sassy both times we went. They need to improve their menu so it's less confusing.
Go for the soup and maybe a coffee.

A shared app of warm goat cheese and bread, 2 lemonades, a cup of soup, a bowl of soup, and a shared sandwich between two patrons clocked in over 60 bucks....it was good, but not quite That good in my book compared to other spots in the city.

Nevertheless, we had a nice time, the food is good quality, and the service was nice. We sat outside and people watched on a bustling Sunday afternoon.

They also make homemade muffins.
Talk about a Ma and Pa shop (or rather a ma and grandma shop in this case)! Lutecia's has a quaint ambience with lots of light, French music, and cozy decor. It's simple and understated, and the perfect place to come on a lazy Sunday for a strong cup of coffee and a good book (PSA the coffee cups are so pretty - I must find the glasses for my house)! The server was sweet and attentive, but our omelets did take a little longer to come out. The food in general is no frills/no nonsense, but delicious nonetheless! Will definitely be back for a casual brunch and  not leaving without a french pastry :)
The best coffee ever and the food is so fresh delicious. Comfy, cozy atmosphere.
So I admit, I didn't want to write a review for Cafe Lutecia because I wanted to keep it to myself and my neighbors. I mean, nothing ruins a lovely cafe like this more than not being able to get a table!

I come here for their croque-monsieur, their fresh salads, their sandwiches, their quiches, and definitely their lemonade. Strong and not too sweet, their lemonade is perfect for lunch while watching the world go by.

Come early - sometimes they run out of a few menu items and they close by 3pm on weekends.
I need to find a way to have Cafe Lutecia's tomato bisque reserved by the gallon for me to enjoy. I wish I was kidding when I say I have thought about this soup at least 3 times a week since tasting it a few weeks back. 

Cafe Lutecia, quite the cramped little cafe, is a well kept secret in Fitler Square. I would have normally never stopped here if it weren't for my parents. I came in to buy a gift certificate for them for Christmas (yes, they do have gift certificates) and decided to treat myself to a hot lunch on such a cold day.

I ordered the bisque on a whim, just hoping for something to warm me up, and a brie sandwich. The soup came out first and I tasted a spoonful while waiting for my sandwich, which I had every intention of dipping into the bisque. Um..  I barely saved a quarter of the bowl in time for sandwich dipping, it was that good. 

The cafe is a definite local hangout, where people come to read the paper while grabbing a bite to eat. But there is no feeling of exclusivity. The staff was really laid back and good-natured and really made you feel at home. 

Cafe Lutecia, seriously, can you consider delivering your deliciousness half way across the city for me??
I have really mixed feelings about this place.  Let me tell you why.

I come here to experience the trendy and hipster vibe of the local french cafe.  This is in place, check.

I come here for delicious french-inspired yum, check.

So while the two most important things were met, there was some lacking.  First of all, my french sandwich was really good, but really small.  It was also I think the 2nd most expensive item on the menu and not very filling.  If I come for brunch, I want to leave full.

Also, some details were lacking.  I ordered orange juice and I am not joking a carton and a straw are placed in front of me.  WTF?  You could at least pour it into a glass even if you aren't gonna squeeze it yourself.

I dunno.  If I'm gonna keep coming to a place I gotta leave satisfied.  The OJ carton and straw and still being hungry just didn't do it for me.  It's really a shame, too, because the sandwich was genuinely good.  I hate to give a low rating to a place with good food, but it is what was earned.

In fairness, the servers were nice and it's not like I had a horrible time.  There was just nothing that made me want to come back.
I was meeting a friend for breakfast in the area. I have seen this place a MILLION-ZILLION times as I drive by and always see people smiling while they are there.

We came in for coffee and a little breakfast. This place is no extensive restaurant, but fits the bill for a quick coffee, snack, and food. Cozy, Warm, and you can tell there are lots of regulars.

Don't come here if you are looking to have a gigantic meal. However, for a little snack. Yes. Definitely.
I adore this little French Cafe. I'm giving it 5 stars because the staff is lovely and can tell that they really get to know their customers! 

BUT their croque madame is nothing spectacular - I would recommend any other one of their hot sandwiches. Their soups are also delicious! They also make a great fresh lemonade! 

Dog and kid friendly - I always see a cute pup when I go.
Omg the cutest brunch place in the neighborhood!

I walked by countless times but either it looked dark and closed or all the outdoor tables were full and I didn't wanna wait.

Now I know that a) they were actually closed thos times lol, the glass just looks dark from the outside
And b) we have lovely neighbors who are generally respectful and do not dawdle and take up space when others are obviously waiting so the line moves fast. 

The service was very friendly but low key and the food came very quickly. Overall the menu is very no-frills, not trying to be edgy or "interesting" per se. I wouldn't say the food is what draws me here. It's more the ambiance and the whole package. But I do like that none of the food sounded too heavy. Just simple light cafe food. 

I enjoyed a lovely duck salad and a cup of soup. Both were light but comforting and seasoned very well. Was eyeing the quiche or a ham sandwich  but maybe next time! 

Very dog friendly place also. 

The coffee was... Aiight. Would not come here just for coffee. But definitely will be back for a chill day off late morning brunch and friendly neighborhood vibes.
The ambience was very cute and laid back. The waitresses were very nice and could always be found. This place has the homey feeling. You can sit at the counter if you want and watch your food be made. They also have great outdoor seating. The food wasn't anything special but the atmosphere is the reason to go!
I love, love, french food. When I found out there was a neighborhood coffee shop that specializes in French Food I was estactic however how's the food?

I went and ordered the most expensive item on the menu the Croque Monsiuer for breakfast. So basically your getting two pieces of bread nothing special at all with this bread mind you a beautiful looking egg with a little bit too much pepper, ham and I want to say brie wedged between. The sandwich was lacking flavor and needed jam or something else. 

I will give them another try for other items however as other reviewers have stated this place isn't exactly cheap.

I wanted to like it but defintely cannot recommend the Croque Monsieur.
Seriously, one of my favorite spots to grab a bite, whether it be breakfast, brunch or lunch.  Also the place where I take all of my out-of-town visitors.

The iced mocha is to die for.  Their tomato bisque is delish.  Oh and go ahead and splurge on the croque madame - you won't regret it!

The staff is easy-going and super nice - I almost feel like I'm in my family's kitchen when I eat here (if only my family was French!)

They recently painted the outside a burnt red color, which adds some character to the place.  

Go here ASAP (but not on Monday - they're closed).
What do I know about French food? Nothin. What do I know about anything? Well, I know what I like, and I really like this place. Small but not tiny, with a few seats outside. Nice service and a delicious tomato basil and mozzarella baguette.
How did I not review this place earlier?  It was a happy haven when I lived nearby.  Service is friendly. There are French magazines.  They know they regulars (and have regulars), which is a good sign.  

Sit down, take your time, enjoy your food or beverage. The cappuccinos are good!  The pastries are good, but the selection varies.  Their hours seem a bit haphazard, so it's not always open when you need it. 

We discovered it as a welcome alternative to the pricey brunch spots in the area. Tres lovely!
Went here for breakfast on the way to work.  Everyone was super friendly and the place is very cute.  Had a croissant and chocolate--it was delightful and relaxing.  A great way to start my Monday!
Looking forward to coming by for lunch...
Nothing could be sweeter than to dine at Cafe Lutecia  at 23rd and Lombard. Not quite Parisian, perhaps more Lyons with a commingling of 
other ethic cuisines, but a very satisfying place to grab a great soup and some lovely baguettes and tasty little salads.  From the moment you
walk through the door of Cafe Lutecia, you'll feel the harried world fade away as you take in the sweet aromas, welcoming people and French flea market inspired- dcor.
I'm a sucker for cute, hole in the wall, french cafes.  from other reviews, I know that people are bummed that there is no WIFI but that is one of the reason why I love this place.  if you are looking a new, sleek, fancy cafe geared with internet, this is NOT the cafe for you. If you love cafe culture and love to lounge all day in the comfort of a great cup of latte while people watching, this IS the place for you!  It is a little rustic, bare bones with great sandwiches and coffee and plus- french magazines...what more could you need?  I got a latte with a melted brie and tomato sandwich and was happy as a clam sitting outside.  the sandwich was delicious and one order is enough to share for between a happy couple.  It was late afternoon perhaps that explains why I was able to snag outdoor seating! I finally found my go-to place every weekend - what joy ;)
Cute place.

I got a cappuccino and a slice of one of the quiches of the day (zucchini, basil, goal cheese, pepper...and more!).  Service was acceptably speedy.

The quiche ($5) was delicious.  I have no familiarity with French cuisine, so I don't know if it was a "French" quiche, but I do know it was fluffy and fresh (not dense and hard like some quiches).  The cappuccino was yummy (good coffee), served on the wet (more steamed milk) side.

The place is a sit-down cafe (so plan on a tip).  While I'm pretty sure people can come in and get coffee to go, most everyone I saw came in and sat down for coffee and breakfast.  The tables were the stereotypical circle cafe tables...I'd think things could get cramped in terms of table space and in terms of leg/chair space if you have two tall people or three 3 at a table (especially since I only really saw 1 medium-sized table).

That aside, I'm definitely putting this place on my list of places to go for weekend coffee.  Come early, since I got the vibe that things get/stay hopping for weekend breakfasts/lunches.
SO cute and so perfect for a morning coffee and scone or tasty gazpacho and sandwich for lunch.  The outside seating, complete with umbrellas make this spot the perfect destination to sit and read the morning, paper, a book, do some work, and/or people watch.  The only downfall is that it is cash only (I am most often caught without cash on-hand).
Melted cheese heaven! 

Warm goat cheese with roasted peppers? Sign me up.  African chicken soup? Yes please. Toasted turkey sandwich with melted brie? Fuck yeah!

Whoops, my bad.  Gotta watch my mouth, this place is kid-friendly, very cozy, and everyone seams to know everyone else.

Definitely get the goat cheese appetizer - you'll be thinking about it all day. The croques monsieur looked good too. I'll try that next time.
Just got in to get a coffee to go and before even being greeted, I was told without explanation that no takeouts were being made today... Great service, friendly staff right..?
Love this place in Fitler Square. Very unassuming. Went on a Tuesday night which is when they do Pichos and dinner. I loved that you can walk in and point to the pinchos that you want. It is BYOB as well which is really nice. I enjoyed sitting outside eating, drinking and peaple watching. The entrees are also very good. It is all Basque inspired food.
Best brunch in Fitler Square - fantastic food, ambiance, and service! Everything we've tried has been great but our favorites are the breakfast sandwich with bacon, egg, and brie on a croissant, Gaulois sandwich, and Duck salad. The iced latte is also delicious and refreshing. Eat here as soon as you have a chance!
Unique menu of many options! Very authentic French vibes!! Sandwiches are a bit pricey for what you're getting though.
I have been meaning to stop in to Cafe Lutecia for years now. I've only driven by it a thousand and one times in my life. It always appeared to me to be the type of place where you could get lost in a good book. 

The cafe is remarkably tiny and simple. If it is made out of flour, it is probably on the menu - bagels, baguettes with ham and brie, croissant, muffins, etc. Simple as it is, I quite enjoyed my ham and brie on a baguette. I don't know how you would make something so simple any better than to serve it on good, warm crusty bread with quality meat and cheese, which is exactly what Cafe Lutecia does. They also make an astonishingly good cafe au lait. I am not a coffee snob - if it tastes good to me, I will drink it. I thought the cafe au lait that I had was a creamy bit of heaven. Way better than most places that masquerade as "coffee shops". 

Don't come here to do your work, though. This is not Starbucks and you cannot spread out as if it is your own personal library. Also, it is a neighborhood place. Children will wander in and out on the hip of a parent and will jabber to the owners and you will look like a jerk if you scowl or complain. Meet a good friend or a new friend and catch up at a tiny table as if you are in Paris. Throw your New Year's resolution out the window and eat ham and brie and a croissant or even on a croissant. 

Cafe Lutecia is owned by an incredibly warm and friendly couple who are an integral part of the neighborhood. It is so nice to go to a place where you can interact and engage with other patrons and not be thought to be a loon or nosey.

I only wish the chairs were slightly bigger. 

Remember: cash only.
True gem of a place. I would go here at any opportunity if given it. The Tuesday tapas nights seem interesting but I have concerns that this might get too popular for too small of a place. I did go on a Tuesday morning, and that casualness, sparseness of customer was exactly what I needed. Weekends might get too hectic. 

No clue how someone can give this a poor rating.
What a great place for breakfast or brunch! Beautiful slices of quiche for $6, the perfect portion that leaves you satisfied but not overly stuffed. There are always at least two vegetarian quiche options as well, which is a major plus. The space is small and intimate and feels like a Parisian cafe. Also great if you want a cup of drip coffee to go, at under $2 a cup they are the cheapest in the neighborhood. Highly recommend.
Inspired by the balmy mid-March weather, we stopped in for a mid-morning treat. Though the clouds overhead deterred us from sitting outdoors, the indoors was pleasant enough. I had a bagel with cream cheese and lox- no frills, fresh, and more reasonably priced (@7.25) than some other local places. However, the no frills part may deter some from this version of the treat, which could certainly be embellished with olives, capers, tomatoes, and the usual fixins.' The coffee and espresso was eye opening and bottomless. The staff was friendly and reminisced about their twenty years in the hood. The best part of our sit down: we discovered a battered "Where's Waldo?" book in the corner and realized we had both sub-consciously committed to memory his page by page locations. I will definitely come back to sip coffee and read in the morning hours (on weekdays) and look forward to trying the promising lunch menu.
When I saw the Paris Match magazines strewn along the windowsill, I knew the food was going to be good.  

Their soups are phenomenal! We ordered the tomato bisque and the African peanut soup and both were incredibly tasty.  The tomato was creamy, but it had a nice kick to it, which is so unusual and wonderful for a french place.  The African peanut had little chunks of chicken in it, tasting like a delicious combo of chili soup base and chicken satay with peanut sauce.  A cup for $3.5 and a bowl for $5. 

The croque monsieur was also yummy, baked in its own little dish so none of the bechamel or melted cheese could get away.  So simple, pure, and wonderfully self-contained.  

The only thing I didn't like was the chorizo quiche - which seemed quite floury and not so flavorful.  That was a real oddity and I'm still left sitting here wondering what happened.  Quiche cake? 

But all in all, this is a cute little cafe, where you can have a fantastic bowl of soup and catch up on the scandalous lives of French politicians.  The staff is very nice, but don't forget to bring cash!
Good solid fresh food, buuuut it was my impression that they were trying too hard.  The menu had plenty of brie, exotic salamis, greens, and whatnot.  They must specialize or be famous for their quiches.  They had several types of tap...

I had the Reed's Ginger drink.  As someone who loves ginger I loved this drink, I uploaded a picture.  It was most definitely very ginger-y!!

We chose to be seated outside with Cavalier King Charles Spaniel Charlie for lunch.  They brought Charlie a doggie water bowl; I thought that was a nice touch.  On the other hand the seats were a wobbly, but nothing too life-changing.

Overall, although tasty I have trouble justifying paying $8 for a salami, bree, lettuce, and tomato sandwich for lunch.

No credit cards.
Husband and I were very much looking forward to this place, as we liked the "quaint", "charming", etc. type comments here on Yelp, but we were so, so, so disappointed. The place gets a star for the excellent service (our waiter was very sweet). 

We ordered iced coffees first, which came with a couple of ice cubes that promptly melted. The coffee then sort of bumbled along into lukewarm territory the remainder of our stay (about another half hour). 

The food...what can I say? Husband, as soon as the food was set in front of us, said, "Ordinary in the extreme." That was how bad it was, that you could tell by just looking at it. He had the quiche, and was served the saddest slice of tasteless pastel yellow wobbly triangle. Its miserable existence was topped only by my salad, whose pitiful appearance made the quiche look like haute cuisine. The poor salad was just a layer of wet chopped romaine, a layer of sliced watery tomatoes, a layer of goat cheese slices (weird), and some pine nuts and olives. It looked like a salad you get from a bad food truck. I know you know what I'm talking about. 

Food doesn't deserve to be treated like this.
Cute place- friendly owners and wait staff, delicious food! Yum their quiche is my go to but everything is equally as delicious- the soups, the Brie sandwiches yumm! Have both eaten there and typically order take out on weekend mornings. Highly recommend!
The only reason I felt unable to give Cafe Lutecia 5 stars was because of the cramped establishment and lack of seating, other than that, the food was fantastic! In total, our group savored the flavors of the Romain sandwich, Goat Cheese & Spinach Quiche, Lobster Bisque soup, etc. My husband proclaimed the Lobster Bisque as "the best I ever had". Again, the ONLY bummer was, due to the cramped space, we were forced to sit outside, although the weather wasn't 100% on our side. We almost had an unfortunate incident when the awning came loose and nearly smacked our friend in the noggin!
My friend and I stopped here for brunch on Sunday. The food was tasty and reasonably priced. I had the soup and sandwich combo and chose the peanut soup and ham and cheese sandwich and my friend had the a Alesia salad and started with the refreshing gazpacho soup.
Cute cafe, nice people, and a good location.  Unfortunately, the coffee just tasted burnt.  The quiche was nice & fluffy, but the cheese wasn't really spread throughout, so only the one bite that had cheese was really tasty. I found the price high for a cup of coffee and a small piece of quiche - $8.50.
It's a cute place.  I live very close so I used to come here a lot to meet friends and have a nice early morning meal. Then I learned more about the French cuisine.  

The food is perfectly good but I value a good croissant & a French baguette above all else.  So, if you want really good French food travel into town for Metropolitan Bakery or Meil Patisserie.

Otherwise enjoy!
Go here for the creamy tomato bisque and ice cold lemonade served in huge glasses. Get the turkey and brie sandwich on a fresh baguette. Sit outside. Bring cash.
I would easily have given this place four stars but my husband is bitter that they wouldn't give him a glass of ice with his coffee and believes this is a glaring representation of their customer service. 

Had I dined alone, I would have said the customer service was exceptional, very friendly and attentive. The food was delightful; the warmed chocolate coissant was light, buttery and flakey and the croque madame with a Sunnyside up egg atop was delicious, filling and the perfect balance of swiss cheese, salty ham and creamy bechemel with 2 thick slices of soft, fresh bread making it a double decker. The cafe au lait was delicious, with lots of frothy milk.

 Had it not been for their policy to deny a glass of ice with hot coffee so iced coffee can be refilled without charge, I definitely would have given 4 stars and returned.
Cafe Lutecia is the place to go to get good, basic, food. It's not fancy and will never try to impress, which is exactly why it is so impressive. The coffee is excellent, the quiche superb, and the chocolate chip cookie tastes like homemade - because it is! 

Fine for vegetarians and if you ask, okay for vegans (one option). Outside seating for wheelchair, but getting inside would be impossible.
I've lived in the neighborhood for over two years but have now just made it to Cafe Lutecia.  It's definitely a neighborhood gem: a small little cafe with a cute atmosphere delicious homemade french specialities, and good service to boot.

This afternoon I stopped here with the BF and a friend of ours for a late Saturday brunch.  The menu has a wide array of sandwiches, salads, soup, and french food.  I had heard about their famous croque monsieur, but at the last minute decided to get their beef and vegetable barley soup and chorizo, pepper, and onion quiche.  So glad I did: the soup was perfect with lots of hearty vegetables and flavorful bits of beef.  The quiche, although a little burnt, was also very flavorful.  The chorizo definitely had a little bit of heat but not too much.  My friend had the tomato bisque (which was also delicious and creamy), and the BF went with the tuna and mango chutney quiche (different, but also very tasty).  And everything came with soft delicious french bread.  ALMOST as good as the bread at Parc.

Not only is this place affordable (our brunch for the three of us cost under $30), but the servers were really nice and the atmosphere is very home-y.  It's definitely a great option if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for great tasting cafe food.  I'd definitely come back to sit outside and perhaps try their croque monsieur.
I've been here now for lunch a few times and can totally vouch for the food.  Its amazing.  Personally love the brie and turkey sandwich with some spicy dijon mustard--make sure its toasty so the brie is melty and awesome.  Also love the quiches.  I can't quite remember what was in mine but it was GOOD (spinach and some sort of fancy cheese I'd never heard of).  The side salad that came with it was lightly dressed and filled with a variety of veggies.  I've heard great things about the soups and definitely want to come back and try those.  Homemade lemonade and iced tea were also great.
Service is super friendly but also rather slow--let's say leisurely--which is fine on weekends but a challenge during the week so be aware.
I have been coming here for about three years now, not as much but mainly because I'm not really a "French food" type of guy. I mean, I like French food but I usually go to Parc for that. This place is really quaint, reminds me something out of old Paris, not that I've ever been to France but that's how I would picture those small mom and pop shops. 

The soups are always amazing, get one if you go, you will not be disappointed. The sandwiches are always freshly made to order and satisfying. You don't feel too guilty about eating here because it all seems so healthy. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. The owner and I believe she owns this place with her husband, well, she can be abrasive at times. Don't mess up your order or  you will hear her in that tiny kitchen complaining but not directly to you. She just doesn't come off as friendly but her husband seems super nice. 

If this place is busy, forget it, you may not get a table for awhile but on warm days they do have outside seating. The prices are kind of high for a place like this but at the same time worth it but I have to convince myself that it's worth it. Don't get me wrong the food is good but it's just a little pricey. I don't mind paying but sometimes I feel that the experience does not match the price point, mainly because of the owner, mentioned above. 

Also, if you're driving, good luck with the street parking.
I was prepared to not like this place. I had heard about its authentic French cafe feel, which immediately made me think that I would not only not feel comfortable there but also that I would pay an exorbitant price for medicore-tasting but cute-looking pastries. Well, I was wrong. With lines too long at our other brunch staple, Ant's Pants, my boyfriend and I reluctantly ventured here. 

Let me just start by saying that I have mixed feelings about the place, but that overall, the place is worth going to (again and again). On the one hand, it seems like a real settled cafe with a strong local following. On the other hand, things sort of feel a lttle unsettled. The menus are just pieces of computer paper, the windows are a little dirty, and the place feels a little dingy with cheap tables and chairs. It's not that the place is dirty- it's just could use a good airing out and some decor changes. That said, the atmosphere was really chill with some people just enjoying their Sunday paper and other just catching up with friends. 

But about the food- because this is what makes me want to go back. It's simple food, but they do a great job at it. We ordered the tomato bisque to split, and it was some of the best tomato bisques that I've ever had. It was tomatoey but not overly acidic, it was creamy, but not heavy, and it was smooth, but had some natural tomato chunks to give it just a little bite. Most of the time, tomato soup tastes like pureed pasta sauce, but this was in an entire separate class on its own. Next time, I'll get my own bowl. I ordred a swiss cheese and tomato baguette- something that I have totally made for myself at home, but for some reason, this one just tasted better than my versions.The bread was yeasty and soft, and they have really mastered the timing of the melted cheese on toasted bread thing. My boyfriend loved his quiche, although i thought it strange that it came with such a brown and crusty top. 

I ordred a latte to go because I had heard good things about their coffee, but it was pretty awful. I probably should have asked for another one, but I was already out of the door and on my way home. It tasted like burnt coffee with lots of milk and that's always a little hard to stomach after a long night out.

I'm anxious to try their pastries and even more anxious to make it there for lunch since I hear that they make some great sandwiches.
I came here on a Sunday morning (~9:30am) and it was packed. The space here is very tight, but it's very quaint and I could see myself coming here more often if I lived nearby. Finding parking around this area is doable but not easy. I got melted brie on a baguette with strawberry jam. It was delicious but not very filling. In hind sight, I should have ordered one of the ham and brie sandwiches which my friend got and was very satisfied with. The coffee here was not impressive. I an avid coffee drinker, so I look forward to that strong cup of coffee more than the meal in the morning, and when the coffee does not meet that need it puts a damper on the whole meal (am I being too dramatic? haha--but it kind of does). My friends and I didn't get our caffeine fix, so we headed to Rival Bros a block away afterwards.
Good service. Had one of the special quiche of the day. Very good though maybe a little overpriced for the size. Would recommend.
Love this place. Am not a Francophile by any means, but the staff and food makes it a pleasure to go into anyway.  The owner makes everything herself at home prior to bringing it all into the restaurant early in the morning! 
The soup! Oh my the soup is so damn yummy! Actually to be honest, I've never had any complaints with any of the food here. Just good simple food.

My main complaint would be the tininess of the place, all cramped and tough to get around.
I was in the area and looking for a place to lunch. I came across Cafe Lutecia and decided to try it out based on the many wonderful reviews. Boy was that a mistake. I was deeply saddened to have wasted $13 and a meal-time at this establishment. Firstly, the man behind the counter was less than helpful to a new costumer who didn't know how the restaurant operated. Once I sat down my waitress told me the long list of specials for the day at lightning speed and it was nearly impossible to comprehend what she just said. I had to ask her to go over the soups again- there were 4-5 "special soups". IMO if you are going to have more than few specials, please write them down to be viewed instead of spat out quickly by the busy wait staff. Needless to say, my soup arrived lukewarm at best, and was not flavorful and for lack of a better word, gross! Next came my mushroom, broccoli, cheddar quiche... on a dirty plate... with a random rotten looking tomato. I am shocked when any restaurant is careless enough to bother plating any vegetable that looks like it was in its prime one week prior. The quiche had clearly been made many days before (at best) and just was microwaved to ordered. It lacked taste and when I flipped it over, it appeared to have been sitting in something unrelated to the quiche AND had a soggy crust. It's hard to remember a time I was more disappointed with any dining experience. I will say my waitress was nice, but she clearly saw I barely touched my food and never asked anything about whether or not I had a problem with it. Maybe it was just a bad day for them- but they clearly make their food far in advance and do a poor job of reheating. I will never go back.
Really really bad sandwiches. Crappy white bread rolls, gross tomatoes and cheap romaine lettuce. Looks and tastes like a Pizza Hut free salad plopped on a roll with supermarket brie melted on it and served on a neon plastic Walmart plate. 
I feel pretty ill after eating here. 

Americano was good and the split pea soup was decent though.
This place is cute, a bit cramped (the tables are shoved very close together) but when it's nice outside the outdoor tables alleviate some of the press. I really like the waiter I've had both times we went; he's very courteous. I also like listening to the chef talking behind the counter, her accent sounds a lot like my aunt's. Very homey and familiar!

The menu is not extensive but you don't really want it to be. The "combination" is a great deal: for $8 you get a very LARGE bowl of soup with some bread, and a half of either a cold sandwich, which is also rather large, a quiche, or a salad. So far I have tried the quiche Lorraine (quiches switch daily, it was all right but not spectacular) and the chicken salad sandwich (delicious) but I cannot seem to move away from that tomato bisque--it is perfect. The food is all homey, simple, and just perfect. Ingredients are fresh, and I even really enjoyed the tomatoes I added onto my sandwich, and I don't normally like raw tomatoes on their own merit. They were just so fresh and crisp, it was impossible to resist. Also the cups of coffee are GIGANTIC.

While it's a bit of a hike, it's well worth returning to! I've already been twice in two weeks, and imagine it will be more in the future.
Croque Monsieur = $8.50
Fresh squeezed OJ = $3.75
Service = mehh

I normally don't eat ham but the croque monsieur was absolutely delicious! the fresh squeezed oj not so much.. and I got a lot less than I did ice water even though I paid almost $4 for it..

And although I know my friend is a semi-picky eater, she really looked like she did not enjoy her turkey with brie.
Good service. Had one of the special quiche of the day. Very good though maybe a little overpriced for the size. Would recommend.
Tomato bisque on a snowy day? Yes, please! I love their soup because it strikes the right balance between tart and creamy, with a nice bite from little bits of onion and black pepper. The consistency is also great as it is not too watery. I've also had their daily quiches twice now. On my most recent visit, it was brie cheese with a red pepper relish. Though the quiches are tasty, I have to say they are just too oily for my liking. Regardless, I would stop by again to have some more tomato bisque!!
Great combos for lunch! I tend to go soup and sandwich but the other options work as well. Reasonable pricing and food sizes for the area, however, the quality makes it all worth it.
I LOVE their tomato bisque, Alecia sandwich and Tolosa sandwich! I've been coming here for more than 10 years and it is truly a Philly institution.
We just recently stumbled upon this amazing spot this summer.  Since then we have had several delicious meals (breakfast and lunch) and are trying to become regulars!  The waitstaff is super friendly.  This cafe truly reminds me of Paris.  The iced cappuccinos are my favorite.  The soup is off the charts-absolutely order the tomato bisque.  Be sure to check this place out soon for breakfast or lunch!
I have nothing but good things to say about this place.  Everything I've had here has been top-notch in quality.  The service is great, the atmosphere is cozy, and the ingredients are fresh.  

They offer both traditional French fare, with a healthy rotation of experimental soups and quiches.  Today I had the petit dejeuner francais, and it was excellent.  It came with a crispy baguette, a buttery croissant, fresh-squeezed orange juice, and an espresso topped with whipped cream.  

This is currently my favorite cafe in Philly.
Cafe Lutecia is a sweet little cafe. It's food is okay, but nothing that impressive. Unfortunately, the cafe is so cramped and uncomfortable that it's impossible to truly enjoy yourself here unless you grab a table outside.
Cute little cafe with decent espresso and breakfast selections.  The food is good; simple and delicious, nothing too fancy.  The espresso is average, tasted a little weak but it could just be my presence.  Also note that the service is slow, so be sure to come when you have time to relax and enjoy the morning. There is outdoor seating as well, which is the best part about eating in the city!
I am so sad that I lived three blocks away from this place for a year and a half before giving it a shot.  It was added immediately to my list of favorite unassuming and chill breakfast/brunch spots on the weekends. Much the same vibe as Darling's, except this place has table service (sweet) and better coffee. The whole operation of it is quaint and sweet, and I love the French magazines on the ledge for visitors to flip through. 

I had tomato and mozzarella on a baguette and it was delicious. My dining companion had ham and swiss, I think? That was yummy, too. I can't wait to have coffee here every day of my life once this winter weather cuts the crap and gets the f out of here. 

I'll definitely be back. Over and over.
This place is a cute little family run place with tasty French inspired cuisine. I had a croque Madame that made me tingle in my swimsuit area. The waitress was also very friendly and cute to boot. Go here and thank me later.
This place is awesome , the food is tasty and the ambiance of the place makes you feel like you're in Europe. But perhaps my favorite item here is the drip coffee. The coffee is strong and not bitter, perfect!
one of the best gems in walking distance from my place. the crowds are a little much on the weekends, but it's the perfect level of activity for lunch during the week. one cannot always avoid super crowded breakfast spots on the weekends, so keep in mind they don't take reservations. 

service is prompt, thoughtful, and consistent. god forbid they decide to close up shop and retire to france, they would be sorely missed by so many locals who adore this little place :)
A great little spot to get some hot food.

Must Haves:
-Tomato Bisque

Pros:
-Great friendly service
-A strong menu selection where everything is great

Cons:
-Really small venue for how popular it is

Quick Tips:
-Gotta get the combo

This place is really good.  The tomato bisque is out of this world and the quiche is light and fluffy.  This would be a great date place to have lunch or just hanging out with the friend.  It is very comfortable and mom and pop like, but has a little bit of class as well.

Bottom Line: Great food at an affordable price.
On my journey through Philly's breakfast places Cafe Lutecia reigns supreme. It truly retains he feel of a French cafe. I got the croissant, baguette and late for 6 dollars. The latte was out of his world, creamy, decadent and delicious. The croissant and the baguette were crispy and flaky to perfection. Atmosphere wise the Lutecia nails it. With beautiful French music echoing through the corner store space, the quiches are decadent and come apart like a fine cheesecake. This business is truly representative of the aesthetics of entrepreneurship and I highly recommend you check it out
Cute place for an inexpensive bite. May return to give it another try, but overall didn't think the food was that great. Only ordered the tomato bisque (overall solid) their soup special (had chicken, veggies, white beans, needed more seasoning) and the curried cauliflower and broccoli quiche which was disappointingly flavorless and the crust was just ok.
The tuna sandwich is made with some kind of special magic. The cute waiter with the glasses always makes fun of me for being basic and ordering the tuna, SUCH A TEASE! But he admitted last time that it was indeed made with something special that makes it taste so good.

If you come here and they have the Af Chick Pea soup on the menu that day, stop everything you're doing and order it. Otherwise you're dead to me. 

The owners are charming. The woman owner is especially lovable. And the waitress who is there on weekends is the funniest girl ever. I mean, she wears t-shirts with unicorns on them! Like what is that?! 

Go here, get the soup, get the half sandwich. Just don't ask for substitutions.
I love lutecia's...this place is all about the brie! I love brie and could eat it for every meal 7 days a week...Lutecias offers good sandwiches and salads in a very frenchy atmosphere...magazines and all...I wish the decor was a little better...make the place a little less cheap looking!....it deserves the attention after all the food is unpretentious, simple, good and best of all consistent. The cafe's got a positive atmosphere and people look happy eating their brie sandwiches....Beware it closes early when they run out of bread! call and ask if you think it's too late...this cafe is usually crowded with people craving for some seriously delicious cheese sandwiches and salads
This Fitler Square cafe is one of my new favorite spots to enjoy on Saturday or Sunday mornings. The quiche is excellent, and I also love the chocolate croissants. This is a great place to read the paper while eating melted brie on a bagel and then washing it down with a huge iced coffee. It has a great neighborhood feel and is a refreshing change from the see and be seen Rittenhouse hot spots. Cafe Lutecia is a must try if you have never been there. The lunch menu looks great, although I have not been there for lunch.
Café Lutecia is one of my favorite places for lunch in the entire city. Truth be told, while I like culinary innovation and seasonal, ever-changing menus as much as the next person, I really like a place where I know exactly what I'm getting before I even arrive. Café Lutecia never disappoints with its standbys -- quiche, tomato bisque, and homemade lemonade. 

I know they have other offerings. I may have even tried them, once. But I keep going back to the quiche -- especially if the chevre and tomato one is available. It's not greasy or over-cheesy like some, and the custard is always perfectly tender. I almost always have it with the tomato bisque for their combo lunch special. I also come in just for the lemonade. It is bracingly tart, comes in a hefty glass, and always tastes fresh. On a hot day, I am always tempted to stop in for this alone! 

The spot is small, and feel homey and well-loved without being dingy. I sort of feel like I'm back on a study-abroad trip when I hear the staff or owners chatting in French. In addition to eavesdropping, you can also brush up on your high school French skills by reading the assortment of French magazines that are piled up near the window.
great simple french food- i had the warm ham and brie sandwich + tomatoes... amazing
My bf and I talk about Café Lutecia all the freaking time. Here's what you need to know:

1. Space is limited but the atmosphere is super cozy and inviting. As Michelle C. pointed out in her reviews, this cafe has all the charm of lunch at your grandma's house. 

2. This cafe is cash only. It's definitely worth it, just make sure you stop by the ATM beforehand. Lunch could run you around $10-15/ per person depending on if you opt for a side salad or some of the other extras. 

3. Food-wise everything was great. Again, the food has a very homey feel to it. We had the African Peanut Soup, Quiche Lorraine, and half of a sandwich that I can't remember.
Perfect for a low-key brunch at a quaint family-owned cafe!

I came here with a friend on a Saturday for brunch, and we wee seated right away. Cafe Lutecia was the perfect amount of busy - enough to create a nice brunch atmosphere, but not too much that you couldn't hear yourself.

I got their iced coffee, which for $2 or $3, is a complete steal as the cup was ginormous! Perfect for coffee addicts like me. I got a mushroom omelette with salad, and my friend got their 1/2 soup, 1/2 sandwich deal (she chose vegan lentil soup and a turkey sandwich).

My omelette was pretty good and so was the salad that accompanied it. My friend loved her soup (which smelled delicious), but the turkey sandwich looked and (according to her) tasted average.

Nothing to complain about the service. 4 stars, and I would return again for brunch to try out one of their quiches!
Cozy. Amazing Soups. African Peanut what? So good. Tomato Bisque...ridiculously good. The African Peanut reminded me of Massaman Curry and the Tomato Bisque was like drinking Vodka sauce. Thank you soup gods!

Oh, bread pudding cake. Do it.
Went there today and had some great quiche, salad, and coffee.  Not a pretentious place, just good food at a low price.  It's pretty small inside so be prepared to either wait or have limited personal space.  A good place for a laid-back lunch.
I stopped in for a cup of coffee and a slice of quiche.  The coffee was only okay, but the quiche was amazing.  It had tomato, basil, and goat cheese in it.  I live around the corner, and will have to stop in more often.
This is the definition of a neighborhood place. Not in the exclusive-y way that some dive bars can get, but in the down-home "small town in a big city" sort of way. When I left today (I was one of the last people to leave before closing), everyone in the restaurant - the waitress, the cook, the owner, the cashier guy/owner, even the two remaining customers - said goodbye. What the heck? I've been a few times over the past couple months, but I'd hardly call myself a regular. I wasn't even talking to anyone while I was there. It was like I was on Cheers or something. Again... in a really good, comfortable way.

Anyway, this is the perfect place to sit, drink coffee and chat or read or whatever. Something about the layout and level of noise is just right, soothing with energy. The food itself is quite good. The quiche and the sandwiches seem priced just right. A quiche and a coffee is $7.50 (which includes tax, but doesn't include tip), and that feels pretty good.The food may not be as high-end as Parc or something, but then, you're paying a good several dollars less for it. 

I mention Parc because it's near by and presents an interesting contrast. The difference isn't necessarily in taste (they both taste great) but feel. Parc feels a bit more high-end... the ingredients taste more expensive, the atmosphere feels more chic, whereas this place tastes a little more homemade and feels way more down-home. I couldn't see myself meeting a casual acquaintance at Parc for a quick bite or settling in there to sip coffee alone and read the newspaper, whereas Cafe Lutecia feels tailor-made for life's little social transactions and moments.

It's funny, when I started writing this review, I originally had it rated at four stars, but as I thought about it, I had to bump it up to five. Yeah, the food/price aspects are just good rather than excellent, but there's something about this place that makes me unbelievably happy. Whenever I go, it's always planned out in my mind at least a day in advance, and in that preceding 24 hours, I just can't wait for that lunch. And, you know, I don't know if I can say that about almost anywhere else.
My boyfriend and I stopped by for brunch here Sunday morning. After Yelping a few places in the area we decided to try Cafe Lutecia. We arrived around 11 am and decided to sit outside since the inside felt a bit cramped to us. 

We were greeted by a super friendly waitress who promptly took our order and brought us our coffee. The menu is pretty limited but we were both craving an omelette so decided to go with that. I ordered the chive and goat cheese omelette and my boyfriend got the mushroom and cheese ($12). The omelettes were served with a beautiful side salad (additional $2) which was pretty to look at but pretty small to charge us for. My boyfriend also ordered a side of sausage ($3) which didn't arrive until we had basically finished eating.

All in all we had an enjoyable time here and the food was good, but found it a bit overpriced for what we got. Not sure if we'd be back, but definitely an enjoyable experience if you're looking to sit outside and enjoy brunch without a wait.
I don't know what the buzz is about this place. It's quaint, sure and the waiters are mostly friendly. Aside from that, it's disorganized, overpriced and not that delicious. 

Coffee....3.5 stars
Tomato bisque....3.5 stars
Sandwich....eh 3 stars

Having to wait forty minutes for a cappuccino = reason enough to never return. You can tell, the owner just doesn't care anymore.
While $8.50 (plus tip!) may seem a tad steep for lunch, you won't think twice after licking the bowl that once held your tomato bisque soup or picking the crumbs from your tomato/brie/baguette melt off your lap and tucking them into your mouth. Sure, the place smells a little funny and the seating is a tad awkward, but you can't beat the fresh, simple, and honest french food that Lutecia provides. Go, you'll see.
Sit outside at a small table, sip coffee, and pretend like you are in Paris in the summertime. That's exactly what I did. I had a baguette with butter and jam and sipped  a latte and forgot for a little bit that I had things to do and was really just hanging out in the neighborhood. 

This place is a total mom and pop place with a good breakfast/brunch menu worth checking out. Now that I see other reviews in going to have to go back to try other things on the menu. Especially their specialty coffees!

Its cash only and this place was super nice and let me run out and go to the atm because I completely forgot to bring cash. Nice people ! Check it out!
Great French corner cafe. Went today for the first time. The coffee was superb and the sandwich du jour was delicious. The decor and ambience are an added bonus. Will be frequenting in the future.
Fantastic little neighborhood French style cafe. I come to Philadelphia a few times a year for work and have started coming here for lunch. Very cute spot with a few outdoor tables. Biggest tip: Bring a friend and a bottle of wine and sit outside on a sunny day. 

Their soups are delicious and I only ever get the ham and Brie sandwich so can't comment on anything else. Espresso is also good. The girl that serves is very friendly and just the right amount of attentive. 

If this were in my neighborhood in Seattle I would be here often.
I first discovered this wonderful cafe in 1994 as a student and every year I try to go back at least once even though I live in NYC. Lutecia is my dictionary definition of an unassuming but unique  local spot that makes a neighborhood special. I always get the gaulois and highly recommend it. Please support this place during COVID.  Wear long johns and get a soup and sandwich (all are good but I love the Gaulois) and coffee. Special place.
I love this place!! Everything I have eaten here had been simple and delicious. 

I love that there is no fluff, just good quality ingredients placed in beautiful soups, pastries, sandwiches, quiche, and salads. 

Also, there lattes are delicious!

When it's warm out, it is a true delight to eat outside. 

Finally, the staff is so friendly!! :)
