I have been coming here for over  7 years and I was rejected service. I was there with 2 other friends ordered a pitcher of beer($18) and a dessert($8) because we just ate dinner at a nearby restaurant. The waitress took my order then came back saying that we will not be served unless we order chicken. 
Even if I only ordered chicken ($20) it would still be less than what we had ordered. 

I would be more understanding if the restaurant was really busy but there were only 2 tables around me with people...thanks soho for your "loyalty" and service to your customers who have supported you even when your freaking building burned down to the ground and you had to rebuild the freaking place from scratch.
Cafe Soho's hip, rouged lounge is the perfect setting to devour delicious Korean fried chicken (KFC).

Few places in Philly make KFC, so I was shocked to learn of Soho. Not only do they offer it, they prepare the chicken in many flavors: spicy, soy sauce, fried seasoned, plain fried, and special chicken. Can't say what's in the special mix, but their spicy sauce is mouth-watering gold. A well-seasoned, crispy shell-like skin covers the tender meat, while a side of pickled daikon radish can cool down the temperature if dinner gets dicey.

Wings come in batches of twenty ($20/batch; credit cards accepted) which may not sound like much, but is more than enough for two. With the help of delightfully refreshing yogurt soju ($15/carafe; we polished a few) we took no prisoners. (Soho has non-KFC fare, but everyone comes here for the chicken.)

Excellent service underscored a satisfying evening. We didn't encounter any language issues, never felt rushed to leave, and got the check after asking.

Chicken and soju might seem a ludicrous combo, but it's a match made in heaven, really.
The soju is out of this world good. I love flavored soju and their lemon version hit the spot. Like a wonderful lemonade (and it does taste more like lemonade as opposed to lemoncello or other lemon liquors).

I have no complaints about this place. Personally I think the K-Pop music videos in the background are cool, and make it a laid back spot. 

The beef kimbap was very tasty and a great appetizer. It was a lot of food for two people and I would say one order is probably enough food for four. The fried chicken, the most important part, is also good. It's very crunchy and perfect for people who are textural eaters. I was expecting phenomenal quality based on what I'd heard, and while this isn't the most ground breaking chicken wings I've had it's really pretty good, and I would have them again. This is a lot coming from someone who dislikes chicken in general. 

Definitely a solid Korean fried chicken spot in the area.
Today is 12/9/12. Cafe Soho is under new management and if you didn't know this, you need to know..

I brought a group of friends here after we had dinner because I like their Soju drinks (I've been here many times for wings, Soju, or both). They seated us immediately but we noticed they gave us a table reserved for someone else. Odd. Oh that was only the beginning...

-We didn't have one waiter ; we had three who kept asking us if we were ready in a span of two minutes. We kept telling them to give us a minute.
-There is no tap water. It's "broken." Instead we were offered bottled water for $1 each. No thank you. Just admit that you are trying to make a few lousy dollars on water.
-The menus are bizarre. The first page is a blown up photo of Psy, which has nothing to do with food. Then a few pages later, there is a photo of a HALF NAKED GIRL with the words "Hot and Sweet" (along those lines) but I'm sure they were referring to the photo of the food...which was overshadowed by the soft porn.
-We only wanted Soju so we ordered about $60 worth (this was 9:30pm on a Saturday, way past dinner hour). Then we were told that their policy "on weekends, you have to order food you can't just order drinks if you're seated at a table." I asked if we could be moved to the bar instead. They said you still have to order food at the bar. AT THE BAR.

So we left. My friends were disappointed and I was embarrassed. I went on Yelp and saw that Donna L and Sean M already posted a review similar to mine. Be forewarned that this new owner's main priority is making money. I noticed that the place was half empty and usually its quite crowded. In a situation like this, the quality of the food also suffers when service suffers. I'll be taking my business over to the previous owner who moved down the street (thanks for the tip Angie K!).
Appreciating the simple pleasures in life and for me that involves korean fried chicken! I just finished watching the hit korean drama from several years ago, Goblin (I know I am late but it was soo good!) and for those who know, Korean fried chicken Is mentioned throughout so I was craving it so badly! Covid pandemic had a lot of my favorite places closed. BBQ chicken in Hmart's food court is one of my faves but they were closed (I think they are open now until 6pm) but cafe soho was
Open!! I have ordered twice now and appreciate their no contact pick up. You call to order ahead and can pick up at the store. Wings were large, well seasoned and extra crispy. Sauces were excellent! Had soy garlic and spicy. Sauce was not too sweet and wings were still juicy! Some places dry out the wings and the sauce is too sweet! Cafe
Soho may be back to one of my KFC faves! Definitely give it a try!
We ordered the Soy and Sweet Chili Wings, as well as an attractive plate of Kimbap on a late Sunday afternoon in September. 

The house was dressed up in red and black lacquer, and KPOP blasted from the audio system.  Service was spotless.  We had the side room to ourselves.  So, while Soho may be SRO by night, if you want the great food without all the hustle, hassle and wait, try earlier in the day. 

From the look of most reviews, everyone already knows how awesome the Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) wings are. Double fried, and heavily dipped and basted, they arrive plump, crisp, loaded with flavor and plenty of juicy meat.  At a buck a wing, you are paying more than in the standard Buffalo wing joints, but there is really no comparison to the quality of the experience.  I was blown away. 

The Kimbap looked like sushi roll, but my server was adamant that they were very different.  Very good in their own right, but to my untrained palate, they were quite similar.  

Café Soho is on Cheltenham Avenue, in the town by that name.  It is not the most convenient place to transport to, except for the locals who discovered it years ago.  It is 30 minutes from mi casa in Bucks County, and likely even farther from Center City, Philly.  The travel adds to the excitement, so when it is finally seen on the near horizon, the heart quickens, and the saliva flows, in anticipation.  Walking in is entry to an alternate Korean universe.  Don't worry. Everyone is bilingual and very friendly.  The music is cool and hot (like the wings), but loud enough to interfere at times with conversation and appetite. 

Don't let that stop you.  The Wings are the Thing!
It has been probably a year or two... maybe three, since I last visited this place. Spontaneously, decided to give Soho a trip along with a party of ten. It was on a late busy Friday night, but got lucky with the last available booth.

With K-Pop music bumping loudly, we quickly schemed over the menu. Noticed additional items has been added and prices of drinks are a bit pricier than the norms. Non the less, we all came for one main reason, their wings! Got several large bowls of the usual popular flavors, spicy and soy.  

It was so good just like how I remembered. Nice thin crisp, tasty, and piping hot. I was crunching away eating with a side bowl of white rice and pickled daikon. Just trying to savor each chicken wing one bite at a time. Than cheering to each other with shots of soju. All in all, everything turned out great.

No matter how long of a hiatus it has been, this place still holds my #1 spot for Korean Fried Chicken. Skip Bon Chon, Soho is where it's at.
It was a average dining experience here at Cafe Soho. I wouldn't say spectacular but pretty decent. Food was good and customer service was on point.

Cafe soho seems to be a hip place for Korean fried chicken because it was packed to capacity and our wait time was like an hour for a table. They also don't do reservations womp womp.

We ordered shrimp tempura sushi, duk bokki, bang bang shrimp and of course wings and fries. My fav was the bang bang shrimp it was crisp and packed with flavor. Fries were crispy and crunchy which is a plus and as far as the chicken, lets just say I had better at other Korean Fried Chicken spots.

The food arrived hot, it did take awhile but the place was crowded so I can see why that would be the case.

Overall prices were reasonable and it was a good time!
I've been going to Cafe Soho for several years now. My most recent visit was the worse to date. 

It was a busy Friday night, but not too busy. We ordered our chicken wings (spicy and special). The food took about 40 mins to be ready, but that was expected. 

The spicy chicken didn't taste like the ones I've had the last few years. Instead, it was slightly spicy and very salty. The "special" chicken, however, tasted the same as last time. I always thought that their spicy wings are better than BonChon Chicken, but not this time. 

Now, let's talk about the service that night... So, there were four of us sitting in a booth. We sat and ate our food without giving the staff any trouble. After we finished eating, we had to waive down the staff to give us the check. Then, after waiting 10-15 mins patiently, we tried to get their attention to pick up the check, but that didn't work this time. So, I had to walk up to the counter to pay. That was when our waitress finally took notice and process my card. 

Now, here is the worse thing that happened that night... The check not only had a gratuity suggestion at the bottom, but it was already added to the check! Sure, I wouldn't mind paying the 15% minimum gratuity, but the service sucks that night. Not only that, but they expected you to give them a SECOND gratuity on top of your 15%! Wtf!

I would not recommend this place to anyone again. There are better options in Philly. Check out BonChon Chicken in Chinatown. Or, other places in center city. I will never go back to Soho.
This is the best spot for Korean Fried Chicken in the Philadelphia area. 


Here's a quick run down of the wing flavors:
Soy Garlic (4/5) - A staple flavor for KFC, Cafe Soho delivers as you would expect.
Spicy (5/5) - Very spicy! The first is going to be the worst in terms of burn, but each successive wing will just be more and more enjoyable. If you're a fan of spicy food, this is definitely a must-try.
Special (5/5) - Sweet and sour wings. If that description puts you off, don't let it, as these wings are sweet and sour done to perfection.
Sweet Chili (4/5) - A sweet and spicy flavor that comes with sesame seeds
Seasoned (3/5) - These follow the taste of more traditionally prepared Korean fried chicken. I am not a big fan, but if this is what you're looking for, then Soho has it.


For first timers, I would say the two best flavors are Spicy if you can handle it, and Special if you can't. Soy Garlic is also a good option. The wait times can sometimes be quite long for large parties, but these wings are definitely worth the wait.
Oh, Cafe Soho, how I wish I could love you with your prettier-than-most-girls waiters, endless Kpop, and swanky decorum. Too bad your wings are expensive at $1/wing and you may have given my bf explosive diarrhea. 

I would have forgiven you for that, were it not for:

-your lack of free water. And we're talking tap here. How can you eat wings without water?! And at $1/wing, you would think water would be free. No, it's also $1.

-your mandatory 20% gratuity: I understand a mandatory 15% but 20% is a bit high and presumptuous to be mandatory. Especially when our waiter sneakily got us to order soju on the assumption that it was half off. 

-your limit on number of credit cards: You refused to take more than 2 credit cards for a bill, which is ridiculous and the first I've ever encountered.

Pineapple soju was good though. so thank you for that.
Pretty sure you've read through all the reviews saying how Soho is the best korean fried chicken joint in town. I won't be redundant then :) 

Must try: 
$12 for small (10 pieces)
$20 for large (20 pieces) 

- soy sauce chicken 
- spicy (but only if you can handle the heat ;) 
- fried seasoned chicken (aka sweet and spicy sauce) 

[3.5 stars] 
As solid as their wings are though, I can't give 4 stars and above because...
1) of how stingy they've gotten over the years as business has increased. I've been coming to this place since 6 years ago. I was disappointed being told the complimentary barely water was discontinued. 
2) no more little packaged wet wipes for cleaning our hands. we were only given 5 thin napkins for a group of 6 with 52 wings on the table. Had to ask the waitress 3-4 times for napkins during the meal. 

Overall, great place for wings but I would encourage the business to be more considerate towards their customers.
The chicken here is hands-down the best korean fried chicken i've ever tasted. It is crispy and full of flavor. The interior is nice and feels like the red dragon from rush hour. With that being said, everything else about this place sucks.

The service is absolutely horrible. If the tip was not already included in the bill, they wouldn't be getting any from me. The food takes upwards of 40 mins to come out. The servers are often incoherent and make mistakes such as forgetting to bring out drinks and then charging you for them anyways. If you ask for ice in your water, you get one ice cube. If you ask for napkins, You get one napkin per person at the table. 

If you want to try their delicious chicken, I suggest you call in and pick up.

chicken = yummy. service= yucky.
People go to Cafe Soho for the incredible spicy chicken. DUH. And sometimes for the bubble tea, sometimes for a combination of spicy chicken and garlic chicken, but really, what I'm saying here is... it's all about the CHICKEN. Spicy, sweet, incredibly crispy, finger-licking good chicken. 

HOWEVER, I am about to blow your mind. 

Recently, I tried the Pizza Donkatsu. I was skeptical - could this be good, really? Answer = YES. 

Donkatsu is breaded fried pork cutlet and they execute it here to perfection; the breading is thin/light and crispy, while the pork is juicy and flavorful. I'm actually not sure what kind of sauce or condiment accompanies the regular donkatsu dish, but why would you order that when you can have the pizza version! Topping the pork cutlet is melted cheese, tomato sauce, diced ham, onions, and green/red peppers. 

The cheese is definitely what makes this different from any other pizza style dish you've had before. It's super melted - almost as though there is some cream (or dare i say it, mayo) mixed in with the melted cheese concoction. If you've ever had a Korean pizza-topped pastry, the flavors are similar to this Pizza Donkatsu. 

At any rate, if you're at Cafe Soho, of course f course of course get the wings. It would be silly not to. Just get an order of this as well! 

Insider TIP re: the chicken wing order quantity, the menu says $20 for 20 wings, but usually they allow you to get a 1/2 order so you only get 10 wings for $10. Obvs, it's better to get more wings because they are delicious, but just an FYI in case you want to save room for the Pizza Donkatsu.
It took way too long to pay a visit to this place. It's about two blocks away from where I spent two decades of my life, and only a mile or so away from where my parents currently live.

That being said, I really don't expect anything great in this area at all.

I was wrong. This place has probably the best fried chicken (wings) that I've ever had. I'm a wing purist most times and breaded wings are usually an absolute no-go. That's irrelevant when it comes to these absolutely fantastic Korean style fried chicken wings. I really can't think of fried chicken that even comes close to these wings.

We had the spicy and the soy sauce, both were amazing.

I'd have to pay a few more visits and check out the rest of their menu and get a general feel for their pricing and service before I upgrade to the full five stars, but it's headed there.
So, I had a terrible experience here.  Don't EVER go here.

We were recommended to go here by a friend.  So, we went here after dinner to have a few drinks.

First, we had three different servers come up to us, in a row, to ask if we were ready yet.  This was in the span of 10 minutes after seating.  We ordered water, but they wanted to charge us for bottled water.  No tap water.  So, we kept asking each server that came up to us for more time to decide on an order.

We all picked out drinks, around $60 worth in total.  No go.  We wound up getting kicked out for only wanting to order ONLY drinks.   According to the server, they had a "new policy" where all tables had to order at least one food item to buy drinks.  However, there was no warning to this.  We explained that we just had dinner, and came here for drinks afterwards.  No go.  If we didn't order at least one plate of food, we couldn't order drinks.

So, these guys lost over $60 over a $10 plate of food.  It was embarrassing having to get up and leave.  I guess our money isn't good enough for these guys.

DON'T GO HERE.  STAY AWAY.
I don't think I'll be back here again. The chicken isn't bad, crispy and tasty but if you come be ready for a wait, it takes just about forever. Especially if the person who took you're order never put it in and you're waiting at a table for 40 minutes when all you were hoping for was some greasy crispy chicken with the girlfriend and company. 

If you place an order ahead of time, you may think "Hey, I'm starving and needs more chicken" by the time you get there to pick up. If you'd like to order more food and perhaps have a seat and eat be prepared to be chastised by the staff - (that guy with glasses by the register). You may be wondering why? Well as I was told I'm "cheating the system" ect... What system? I don't have an answer. 

When the server finally asks why your still sitting there waiting and you ask for you're order and her best answer is that is was never put in the system and at LEAST you have some beer to keep you full. Seriously, I came for chicken. 

Anyways word on the street is there's a new super fried bon chon chicken place opening up in chinatown soon. That's where I'll be from here on out.
compared to the bonchons in new york, cafe soho's bonchon is just as good. i think theyre better than the bonchon at boka on st. marks.  their other korean dishes are really tasty too, it's worth giving them a try.  

make sure to check your bill though, they charged us for an extra order of chicken and tried to argue with us when we obviously hadn't.
DO NOT COME HERE. ESPECIALLY IF YOU SMOKE. ACTUALLY EVERYONE JUST STAY AWAY. 

So let me start off by saying the chicken is delicious here but that's about it. So I came here with 2 of my coworkers tonight and it was one of their first time here (non-Korean). I was telling one of them that the food is decent here but not that many Korean people come here anymore because the service sucks. We ordered 18 piece wings, chicken cutlets, pitcher of beer and one bottle of soju (Korean Vodka). We were all having a good time until my coworkers wanted to go out for a cigarette and they asked me to go outside with them so I am not sitting at the table alone. So we all decided to leave our purses and stepped outside...right by the front door. We were outside for NOT 10 mins, NOT 5 mins, BUT 3 WHOLE MINS and when we came back inside, everyone at the restaurant turned their head and starred at us like we were ghosts. Then one of them goes "oh damn" then we all turned to the table and realized....THE WHOLE TABLE WAS CLEARED. our purses were there BUT THE WHOLE TABLE WAS CLEARED. Like EVERYTHING WAS CLEARED. THE TABLE WAS CLEANED OFF. (Which is really impressive if you can clean off the table in 3 mins) Then we sat there really confused and we pressed the bell the get the server over. OF COURSE those ignorant people did not want to come to us for a LONG time. Then finally the server comes up to us and says "let me explain what happened, I realized you guys were done eating (wasn't sure we were done okay but go ahead) and we cleared your table but we will give you a NEW pitcher of a beer and a NEW plate of a chicken cutlet." Then we asked her if she thought if we dined and dashed and she COULD NOT answer that question and kept saying she's gonna replace our food. Okay so we all just laughed still confused...not knowing what was happening. Then...we get our beer. Our lukewarm beer. The beer that they took back to the kitchen to wash and the chicken cutlet in a random plate that their "owner was going to eat" but he heard what happened and he is gonna give us what he was gonna eat (aww so touching) THE PROBLEM WAS THAT CHICKEN CUTLET WAS THE LEFTOVER CHICKEN CUTLET WE DIDN'T FINISH EATING AND THE BEER WAS OUR LEFT OVER BEER (no way they just poured us exact amount we had left over when I DIDNT SEE NONE OF THEM IGNORANT PEOPLE GO OVER BY THE DRAFT MACHINE). Then he brings out the unfinished soju bottle....that we didn't finish. I am sorry but isn't it a health violation for you guys to give us food and drinks that was brought back to from the kitchen? Back in the day they used to give out pretzels to munch on. My friend who used to work there told me to never eat them since they just put back the left over from every.single.table and reserve them and I didn't believe him and NOW EVERYTHING MAKES SENSE. This could all been avoided if they were sincere and apologetic and DIDN'T GIVE US GOD KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED TO OUR FOOD WHEN IT WENT BACK IN THE KITCHEN FOOD but you really couldn't make a new plate of 12 dollar chicken cutlet though? AFTER YOU GUYS OFFERED AND MESSED UP? Oh okay.  

IF YOU'RE REALLY REALLY DESPERATELY NEED TO PAY 20 dollars for 18 wings then go ahead and dine here. BUT IF YOU WANT GOOD SERVICE AND FRESH AND CLEAN FOOD (that you know where it came from) THEN GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. The 7 dollar tip we left for them for their half ass (excuse my language) apology, was even too much. STAY AWAY. YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.
Heard all good reviews about the place,  and gorgeous food selections with the exception we were interested.  I came along with a group of 15 people including some kids. It was a Saturday night around 8pm. At first sight it was a beautifially designed restaurant with neon lights to attract attention to customers with lounge area like sitting through upper level and regular restaurant seating on the lower level. Steady night it seemed with plenty of seating availability.  As we were being settled in at first glance,  the menu was done very well with lots of pictures to embrace the food selections. Everything was going well until 5 minutes in service before we could order anything,  the manager of some sort dropped a bomb shell on us that just left us with a very sour note. He came in asking if we're expecting any more people?  We answered no. Also mind u, they dont accept reservations.  On that note, he asked us if we can combine two tables with our group? Now mind u, the tables fit 2 -3 people per table. To have enough space for maneuverability.  So it would be 6-7 people he wanted together at one table. The reason behind the confusion,  he said he is expecting a bigger party which hasn't arrived yet!  Wtf?? So on first thought we said wtf? Our business isnt good enough for our group that we have to accommodate for others that hasn't arrived?  Again there were plenty of seating available. So we all discussed how rude and inconsiderate thst was that it was very disappointing that to have brought to our attention. So we decided to leave overall and take our business elsewhere which wanted our business down the street at tofu house which was a lot busier but also still accepted us no problem besides the wait time of 10 minutes.  If you ever go to cafe soho.  ORDER TAKE OUT ONLY! HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!
I thought I was in Korea when I walked into the place. I shook my head in disbelief...I was still in Philly...on Cheltanham ave. Also...is this place a lounge? cafe? bar? No...it's a freakin' fried chicken joint for the famous "Bon Chon" chicken.

I have this suspicion that they might put crack in the fried chicken: if you have a bite of this, all you crave for a week is this fried chicken. It's crunchy but not bready, smoky spicy flavor, sweet but not too sweet. What can I say...it's the perfect snack food.

So why 4 stars? It's a bit expensive. It'll cost easily more than double for fried chicken anywhere else. Moreover, it's trying to be like a bar lounge (Koreans have the habit of making everything a bar lounge...if you go to Korea, you'll be surprised by how many bar lounges there are). But come on, it's a freakin' fried chicken place...in Philadelphia...oh wait...let me correct that...in the *outskirts* of Philadelphia. If the price's right, it's definitely a 5-star joint. If you don't mind paying a bit extra to get the best fried chicken ever, this is the place.
I was first of all impressed by this pretty, pretty space. It's casual here, but also dressed up enough for a nice outing or date. So we'll get to the main attraction - the chicken. For 20 bucks you get a bowl of 20 wings and drumsticks with a very crispy, yet shocking light coating. We opted for half soy sauce and have "special seasoning" and I think we did it right. The soy sauce could of had a little more oomph, but the chicken as moist and awesome anyway. The "special" was delicious - kind of sweet with a tiny kick. We polished the bowl in no time. I also loved the pickled radishes - who knew it was a perfect complement to wings?

My only big-time gripe here is the prices. I'm ok with spending the money on the chicken because that's well worth it but how can you get away with charging 5 bucks for coffee and tea? Is this tea bag in my water made with precious exotic tea leaves specially grown by a Korean prince? Harumph.
Quality of service went down. Waiter came over to take our order and didn't even write anything down, so he ended up messing my order up and only thing he could say is sorry. There attitude seems stuck up too. They waiter took our order with both his fists on the table and leaning towards us haha. I ordered spicy and he ended up giving my soy, i guess you have poor memory? No big deal. I asked for a to-go box but they just threw my chicken in a bag haha.  They USED to put it in nice boxes. I guess they got cheap. Here's a picture. 

The Korean pancakes aren't they tasty neither and way over priced, 14$ !
Why do I keep putting off this review? I certainly eat here often enough.

I dont really to know what to say about SoHo because there is so much to say and not a lot of ways to say it without repeating what people have already said. Yes they have AMAZING korean fried chicken. Yes the ambiance is hipster meets asian fob meets trending location. Yes they open late, which I cannot say for any other place in this area other than checkers. Yes, the people are nice and the service is good. and lastly, YES I order the same thing all the time. Sesame Fried Chicken and Soy Fried Chicken.

I am sure you are wondering, whats the best part? Well I'll let you in on the secret...The skins stay crisp even though they are dunked in sauce. And isnt that what korean fried chicken is all about? well? Isnt it??

One more note-
Please dont be scared to come here if you are not asian. Im not sure why the place is always filled to the brim with asians, but diversity is a good thing, people.
This was my first Korean Fried Chicken experience and it was NOT good.

First off, this place is entirely too expensive for the quality of food. $22 for 18 buffalo wing sized wings is a rip-off! 

I got the large order of wings, half soy garlic and half sweet chili, and I could barely tell the difference between the two. The chicken wasn't seasoned, it was fried too hard, and the chicken for the soy garlic wings was old!

The sweet chilli wings were okay but after about 4 wings in I gave up and fed the rest to my brother's dog!
Cafe Soho is one of those places that I had to wait a couple days before reviewing because the place had left such a bad taste in my mouth. Don't get me wrong, the chicken wings are really good. Twice fried and then marinated in a savory sauce? Yes, please!

Yet my biggest gripe about this place is that it isn't wheelchair accessible (a.k.a. not ADA compliant a.k.a. ILLEGAL). One of our friends is in a wheelchair so we wheeled her up the ramp on the side of the restaurant, only to find that the inside door is blocked by a table. We literally had to carry her + the wheelchair up the steps. Then, they tried to seat us in the separate bar area where no one else was sitting even though there were plenty of open tables in the main area. It only got worse when no one came to take our order or give us drinks until we flagged someone down. I don't want to pull the discrimination card but I've never felt like such a second-class citizen in a restaurant before.

The second problem was that they added an automatic 20% gratuity to our bill without letting us know beforehand. I didn't really understand why it was even added since we only had a party of five and I thought automatic gratuities were usually for larger parties.

The bottom line is that I don't think I will ever come back to Cafe Soho when I'm in Philly and if I do, it will be for take-out.
Can't believe I would find the best Korean fried chicken in the US in Philly. Dallas has pretty solid Korean food so I was really excited when someone told me this place has better KFC than Dallas. 

The only downside is they only have KFC tossed in sauces. I really like dry rubs on KFC so if they had that option this place would be perfect! We got soy garlic and the special sauce and they are both delicious. The chicken is so light and crispy - I didn't feel guilty or bloated at all after eating it. Special sauce was more on the sweeter side, the sprinkled white sesame seed on top was a nice plus. Soy garlic was also sweeter than expected but the strong garlic flavor was nice. 

If you get the large (18 pieces) I  would recommend getting a savory & a sweet flavor so it balanced out or else it'll all taste too similar. 

*you can pick 2 flavor for the large order*

Also it didn't take as long for us to get our food. I was nervous because I saw a lot of people saying it takes 45+ min. But I think if you dine in, the food comes out faster!
One star is for those servers who are nice and professional, one star is for their awesome chicken. They are good I will give them that. 
ONE HOUR AND FIFTEEN MINUTES. That's how long we waited until we left with frustration, NOT when the food came. We have been going to Soho for many years. We see ourselves as some of their most faithful fans. We are totally aware that their fried chicken takes some time to cook and we are fine with it and are totally expecting that. However, one hour and fifteen minutes definitely broke our personal record. 
At this point, I still would not leave them a negative review on yelp because long waiting time is a known thing for Soho and I have a personal bond with this place. The event that drove me into leaving this review is our encounter with one of their servers. 
With frustration, I called for a server to ask about the extra long waiting time because several tables who came after us were getting their orders of fried chicken but we were not. 
I admit my tone was not the nicest because of obvious reasons. My exact words were "don't you think this is a bit outrageous?" The waitress said it was because they were getting a lot of takeout orders and there were a lot of people dining in too. I was not satisfied with the answer because 
1. People who came after us were served with the same thing (soy garlic wings) that we ordered 
2. You simply cannot justify one hour fifteen minutes wait. That's a bad experience for anybody. 

The servers answer was "THIS IS NOT MY PROBLEM EITHER, I DO NOT HAVE TO APOLOGIZE FOR THEM BUT I WOULD APOLOGIZE FOR THEM" with an emotionless, if not annoyed face. 

I gasped at this very unprofessional, sorry but not sorry response. I do realize that servers do not have control over how fast food come out but the fact that she distanced herself from the responsibilities of the entire restaurant team stunned me. It takes a team to run a restaurant but servers are those who interact with customers, and when customers are having a bad time due to the poor performance of the restaurant as a whole, the least servers can do is to be apologetic, which she was definitely not. 

When I complained, I was complaining about my overall experience, not her personally. A normal, sensible person would apologize on behalf of the restaurant and offer help, because hey, you are part of the team and are representing it. What she did was the direct opposite of that. I feel bad for the owner who hired her and is paying for her unprofessional work. 

I left without staying for the food that was long overdue. So more than an hour of wait for nothing. I'm not sure if I would come back even though they have the best chicken in town. That server single-handedly changed the impression of some very loyal costumers at this restaurant.
This place is a joke. To all those who are rating this above 2 or 3 stars, I'm sorry you are pulled into their traps. Let me first start by saying I often came here years ago, on and off. I boycotted from coming again because of the terrible service they bring to the table. The only times I came were because of a birthday party or I wanted to hang out with my friends and this was the only choice (location and time wise). Second, they have terrible customer service. They will refuse to seat your party unless you are going to order chicken. They will also apply a 20% gratuity to your bill, even if your party is less than 6 ppl. They try to rush you with your bill. The waiters will keep coming to your table and won't leave you alone as if you're moronic for not calculating the bill yet. Lastly, everything on their menu is ridiculously overpriced. Do yourself a favor and don't order their specialty drinks because you will be disappointed and newsflash: they're nothing special! An establishment like this that bullies its customers into ordering things they don't want and need, overcharging them, making them pay more gratuity than they deserve and not showing any gratitude or humility towards their patrons is not worthy of loyal customers nor successful business. In the end, they only seem to care about making $$$ and rushing tables to get a faster turnover. They should be grateful to have even one table in their restaurant. Plus, that red bowing statue at the entrance is enough to scare most away. They might wanna hire an interior decorator because they most certainly need a makeover. I get a headache when I walk in there; it's like walking into a devil's den. Enough red. Enough said.
If you haven't had Korean fried chicken, you haven't lived. Twice-fried (and not greasy), Cafe Soho's Korean fried chicken is the real deal. 

A group of 16 of us made the trip to Cafe Soho after a Phillies game (not a short trip by any means). We probably confused the hell out of the servers, but they were nothing but nice during our entire visit. On top of that, everything came out exactly as ordered. 

We didn't order anything but spicy and soy garlic chicken wings, so I can't attest to anything else that's served here. I'm a huge wimp and even though I do like a little "kick", the spicy was WAY too hot for me! (If you like really spicy food this is what you need!) The soy garlic wings suited me just fine - mmmm, I'm hating on the ham-and-cheese sandwich I brought to work today for lunch now..

Yogurt soju is noms!
The chicken wings are so good. Crunchy, crisp, fresh chicken without the antibiotics. I got the seasoned flavor which was a little spicy, however tasty. I want to try other flavors such as the sweet chili. It's a really cool spot to go to and enjoy. The servers were friendly and helpful.
WARNING: This is my first review on Yelp, so Cafe Soho, this one is for you.

I have been to Soho several times in the past and constantly hear people rave about their wings. Now I must say, my experience last night just confirmed how overrated and ridiculous this restaurant so happens to be. If you seriously like this place, then you must enjoy paying too much for average food and tacky interior design that looks like a scene out of "A Night At The Roxbury." In all honesty, if I could give this place half a star, it wouldn't even get that.

My friend and I go to Soho for drinks after eating at Korean Noodle House, right across the street. It's about 9:45 PM, mind you, on a Sunday night. They seat us immediately (As they should have, because of the 20 or so tables in the restaurant, five of them were being used), and in the matter of five minutes, three different waiters ask us if we were ready to order. I will say this, the waiters were cool, so I have no problem with them. After my friend and I finally figured out what we wanted to drink, we were told that we're not allowed to just order drinks alone on the weekend and we had to order food as well. We just ate big bowl of noodles, so the last thing we wanted was more food. I proceeded to ask, "Can we order dessert?" That apparently was not good for management and they pretty much refused to serve us, if we would not order food. 

Obviously we did not stick around, because I was not going to be forced to order food. I think it shows you how greedy this restaurant so happens to be when you decide to lose business, because they wanted to squeeze every penny out of you. I guess it goes without saying, I will NOT be going back to Soho (Until they are under new ownership).
I. love. Chicken wings. And these wings are dreamy.

Step outside of the traditional Buffalo wing and welcome to the wonderful world of Korean Fried Chicken Wings. 

Have a fried chicken wing craving at midnight? No problem! This place is somehow open until 2am. This is my go-to place for wings. Second to none. I will drive 25 min. away for them, as it is the only place that can satisfy my sometimes insatiable cravings for great chicken wings. Crispy, crunchy, flavorful skin (lightly battered), moist and tender on the inside. They come with a choice of yummy sauces, but are not drowning in them. The sauces are more-so infused into the batter. Such flavor does come at a price, robbing you of $20 for 20 wings, but it is so SO worth it. Get 10 spicy & 10 seasoned and brace yourself for a flavor tidal wave that will inevitably lead you into a life-long addiction.

They also have Patbingsu. It's a Korean Frankenstein-dessert, but don't be scurred. Have an open mind and it will be rather enjoyable. Shaved ice, condensed milk, ice cream, red bean paste, fruit cocktail, tteok (kind of like mochi), and other yummy toppings.

Back to reality. Ok, so, the service is actually quite slow, and relatively inattentive. The food takes awhile to come out. You'll have to flag down a wait person several times during your meal for water refills, but I overlook all of this, because the wings are that good. I cannot be deterred.
Oh bon chon chicken, why are you so good. Why why why. And why do you have to come in 20-piece servings. Why not four, or five, maybe even six, so I can exercise some portion control? I mean...of course I'll order 20 pieces, if that's all you have. It is not my fault I only came with one person and we now have to eat 10 wings a piece. Right?

The chicken here is perfect - spicy (if you like it that way), crispy, juicy and delicious. Love the radishes, too. Come hungry.
CRACK CHICKEN!!!

A trip to Cafe Soho is like wonderland. The chicken wings are double-fried, with some kind of crispy, candy glaze that is completely addictive. 

I recommend ordering the half and half...which is half an order of spicy wings and half an order of the sweeter, soy-garlic wings. You get about 18-20 wings in an order...and an order costs $20. It may sound like a lot of money, but it is SOOO worth it. Also, despite the fact the wings are THAT divine...you will not be able to finish an order by itself. Take a friend for this one...they will thank you forever! Take time to enjoy the pickled daikon radish that is served with the wings. It's delicious, crunchy, and it soothes your spiced-out mouth a bit as you enjoy.

I also recommend the ramen with rice cakes. These are not the rice cakes you are thinking about...they are somewhat like little rice pasta sticks. RAMEN, you say? It's some of the best ramen you will ever have, putting your college dorm room to shame. 

The atmosphere is casual, yet attention has been paid to the interior of Cafe Soho to make things feel a bit more upscale. Tres chic. 

Oh yeah one more thing....BLUE MOON ON TAP!!
I went here for a friends birthday party, and OMG the wings were packed with flavor and the most crunchiest wings I've ever had in my life. There is also no need for ketchup or hot sauce for these wings so I would not bother

The place was packed when I arrived. I had a party of 10 which was about half hour wait on a Friday night. Music they have playing is good. Service was very one point as well. Good spot for a group of friends or a date.
The food here is awesome but that's it.

This is one of those trendy restaurants that you get invited to with your friends and feel like you have to order something as to not appear cheap. A mug of hot green tea- $5, a cup of bubble tea $6, a can of soda $2. As said before , no tap water as they don't have a soda fountain so that's bottled only.

The menu was just difficult to navigate. The big full page pictures in the menu really didn't make sense. The writing in Korean on these pictures was white but I can't read Korean. The English and prices were in black which I could barely read.

The food while delicious is quite expensive. Price wise, the only "reasonable" item on the menu is the ramen with rice cakes. Basically the ramen noodles you ate in college with a few Korean rice cakes in a spicy broth. (Also stated in a previous review) the wings are quite expensive at $12  for 10 or $20 for 20.
What a joke! I have been here a dozen times with friends over the past year, they make good chicken. Tonight we wanted to order beers and desert and were refused service. The place was empty. Asked why and the 16 year old waitress laughed and said policy. A slap in the face, will not be returning.
Cafe Soho has really good chicken. I always get the special flavor and recently tried the  soy sauce flavor (again) and I'm loving it. Will have to order both next time.

Their chicken is quite expensive and over the years, they have become pretty strict with a lot of dumb shit. When I first went, they would give you little pretzel sticks as you wait to order and get your food. Now? You get nada. So you better not be starving when you get there because you'll have to wait another good 45 minutes until your food comes out. We waited for awhile on a not so busy Saturday night. It didn't use to be this slow, so I don't know what happened.

They also charge a dollar for a small bowl of rice, usually something you get for free with a lot more of rice at other asian restaurants. They decreased the amount of chicken in each bowl from a large being 20 wings to now 18. Like really? Why are you being so cheap? First the pretzel now this? OH and when you wanna take your wings home, you get a white paper lunch bag. They cheap with their boxes too. Stingy muddafuckas.

I got one of their rice dishes once, something with bulgogi I think. It was definitely good, but for the amount they give you and the cost of the dish, you should go to another korean restaurant like Tofu house or something. 

Their service SUCKS. Though the people are nice and friendly, it takes forever for you to get someone. I went this past weekend and rang the table bell THREE TIMES (while waiting a good 20 minutes between each ring) until someone came. One of the person started to take our order until we weren't sure what we wanted exactly. That was our fault. But he NEVER came back or apologized, even after ringing the bell. One of the guys that wasn't dressed in uniform (all black, not sure of his position) took our order instead. 

I was going to give it 4 stars, but that was only for the taste of the chicken. 3 stars for everything else. I don't like going to Soho because of how they work, but I can't resist the chicken.

// Update

Just went last weekend and tried to call ahead of time to reserve a table and preorder. The man who answered said "From my knowledge, we never did that." Not only do I remember seeing reserved tables while eating there before but I reserved one myself before. I don't know what's going on with Soho if it's under new management or what but it's definitely making me not wanting to eat there at all. I might have to just order to-go from now on.

// UPDATE

THEY BLOCKED MY NUMBER. REALLY THO? 1 star for your chicken, no stars for everything else, assholes.

// UPDATE

My girlfriends wanted to go for some dessert. We got there around 1:05AM, thinking we made it since they close at 2AM. THINK AGAIN. Kitchen closes at 12:45, even for dessert. But even then, she said they were closed when we got there. How are you close an hour earlier than you're suppose to? Bad business. I cannot express how much this place irks my soul. 

Waiting for the new Bonchon place in Chinatown to be my savior of fried chicken. 

I'M DONE WITH SOHO (maybe not for takeout)
I love KFC. Not what you're thinking. Let me explain.

Crispy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside. No, this is not Kentucky Fried Chicken, this is Korean Fried Chicken, also known as Bonchon chicken. And Cafe Soho makes really delicious Bonchon chicken.

The atmosphere is really lively and fun. The ambiance is cozy. The decor is trendy and modern. Service might not always be exceptional, but it's asian restaurant in Olney, don't expect too much.

After you've devoured your chicken wings, I recommend the fruits sorbet with mochi as a dessert.
Gangnam Style literally every other song? I'm proud of Psy and all, but I was sick of this song before he was on the Morning Show.

The wings are way smaller (and I see you super-duper American-pizza-place size wing at the bottom), and last night, our batch was cold.

If you're in a party of two, get ready to sit at the bar if the "for two tables" are full (incidently, only 2 of these as well). I guess they were busy, but man, things have changed here. Eventually, when a table opened up, they moved us, but...

Our wings were cool! After waiting for 40 minutes, we got a cold dish. NOT OK. Wings, or any fried food should only be served piping hot. And with over-fried batter? The aftertaste of some of the wings were a little gross.

Service was not their strong point, but it really does suck. Things went quickly downhill after they opened their new Blue Bell location.

Overpriced, overhyped wings with shitty service.
This place has downgraded. Service is getting worst too. They use to have the $20 for 20 pieces but now 18 pieces. Are they trying to be stingy? It was funny how they don't service paying customers if they don't order wings. I don't know if others have noticed but their wings seems to have downgraded too. It wasn't as good as it was before. But worst of all, they charge customers tips without permission even though we didn't have 6 people that night. I don't think it's even legal. Either way, I don't think I would want to go back there again. I went out of my way just to drive up there and I don't expect to be treating like an idiot.
I had been eating the fried chicken wings here for many years and it's always good! The size large (18 wings) I can do half half so I always choose soy sauce and spicy. 
I had sweet chili flavor but I didn't like it as much because it made the rings a bit soggy and not spicy enough. 
Both the soy sauce and spicy are soooooo tasty that I want some more as I'm writing this review! It's crunchy, it's spicy, it's flavorful! 
I bet you will drool if you are near those wings and somehow can't have a bite! It's irresistible. 
There is a large enough space for sit in. Parking sometimes can be a bit troublesome but with a little walk there's always parking somewhere nearby.
Yes, I drove two hours from NYC to get Korean fried chicken. It was that good. The place has a 45 minute wait after you make your order so don't forget to order ahead. I got a large order with seasoned and soy garlic. The seasoned one is pretty spicy yet seasoned well. The garlic soy was a bit more scrumptious in my opinion. They're only doing takeout for the time being.
The food is absolutely great. The staff is horrific. They carry the attitude " I don't gave to care about serving you because we automatically charge you 20% gratuity and I'm wearing this cool shirt." They are very cheap on their napkins and roll their eyes when you actually ask for service. I've been here plenty of times and will avoid it at all cost. I can live without BBQ wings
Cafe Soho (Elkins Park) Chicken Wings have changed!  For the past several months--the wings have not been as large,fresh,well prepared,or cooked--as they hve been in prior years. Here of late the wings are small; lacking in freshness and flavor, and cooked to the point of being hard-rather than the traditional crisp on the outside,  moist  and tender on the inside. 

It appears that the COOKS have changed at the Cheltenham location - I can only guess that they sent the Master COOKS to thier new location. The wings that they are turniing out during these times are simply thrown together quickly, without thought, and bear no resemblance to the quality and well prepared wings served last year and the year before.

Soho's chicken wings (both)  spicy and soy garlic--quality care preparations freshness, size, taste and flavor has diminished!  What you get now at best--can be purchased at most Korean restuarants--and at a cheaper cost. 

We're Out!
I've tried most of the major chains, Bonchon, Boom Boom, Kyochon, Kono, etc. and now Soho!!

Soho is by far one of my favorites!  My waistline is afraid Soho will become a weekly thing.

Went with the beau for an early dinner on a Saturday.  Around 6pm there were only a few other people dining in.  (It picked up as the evening went on) - street parking was easily found around the block - a bit of a shady area - but kfc made me put on a brave face and hold my bf's hand harder/walked faster to the restaurant.  Promptly seated, perched myself towards the big screen to watch my fav. kpop music videos and got down to looking at the menu.

Cold water jug promptly placed with glasses.  Server was nice.  We ordered (too much food):

Bulgogi dubap
Pork cutlet
Lg. padahk half soy half spicy
OB Beer
Sapporo Beer

Beers were nice and cold, bottled.  (They offer pitchers of 2 types of beer...blue moon and i think miller/something similar.)

The bulgogi wasn't my fav.  Too much green peppers...i hate green peppers.  I'm a purest, green onion or onion only.  The beef was tender though.  Probably would not order again.

Pork cutlet was gooood - loved that the sesame seeds were ground table side.  Would order again, bf liked it lots.

Padahk came out relatively quick (it's boneless, less time to cook i'd imagine) - it was SOOOOO good.  It looked amazing on the plate, smelled mouth watering, and I totally did the happy dance in my seat.  WARNING:  Spicy was SPICY.  I'm Korean, love my spicy Korean food, but even for me my eyes were watering, my nose sniffling, and lips tingle.  Bf doesn't do spicy on that level so I suffered alone for a bit, haha.  The soy garlic was delicious though, bf loved it...as did I...full plate of that next time.  (with maybe a side of the spicy, lol)

Service is typical Korean.  Non intrusive, if you need something - hit the button on the table which will let them know you need service - otherwise they won't come over to you too readily.  Water jugs on the table is very typical in Korean restaurants as well....not at all unprofessional? as someone said.  Just a matter of education I suppose.  Take that review with the grain of salt.

Ambiance was pretty neat, our seats were lined with comfy pillows.  It was very clean as well.  Price is on par with other places.  I loved it, we loved it, we don't mind paying for something we love.  (it's all relative)  Loved the kpop music videos and of course the music - my bf's a good one....lets me have my "Korean date day"  so we rounded out dinner with a sweet (or two, or three!) from Paris baguette around the corner.  :)

We will most def. be making this a regular spot when our kfc craving hits!  See you there!!
I have to admit the wings are great... but the service is horrible.. they only treat you right if you are Korean. when i go with my Korean friends they treat us nice
(Im Chinese by the way). they charge you 20% tip without telling you..the major reason I gave them a one star is that when I went there with a group of six they gave us a table of four while the whole left side of the restaurant was empty. I could understand if they were almost full but it wasn't... They are nasty and cocky.....
i've been here numerous times and NORMALLY i have a great time. For some reason, the last time I came in, the service was horrible. When we sat down I ordered TWO orders of wings. I don't speak korean, and the waiter didn't seem to have a full grasp on english, so i put up two fingers, and then pointed at the menu item to signify that I wanted TWO of these. 

I dont really know how much more clear I coulda been, as he looked at me and said "two? ok" and left. 1 order came out, and my entire party was rather confused. I thought they would bring out one order at a time.. until the second order never came. When I asked our waiter, he had no idea what was going on, and I had to explain the situation to the english speaking waiter. Got the situation cleared up, and 30 minutes later, got our second order of wings. 

Then one of the members of my party ordered a dessert with the english speaking waiter. We thought all was good, until the dessert never came. We waited for a good 30 minutes just sitting there and not once did our waiter ask us if we needed anything, until they finally brought us the check, and realized that they had charged us for our dessert, but never actually put in the order. At this point we were fed up and were already sitting around for more than an hour just waiting for orders that were never even relayed to the kitchen. Instead of offering us the dessert for free or anything for our time, they just asked if we still wanted it. of course we did not, so we left. 

Now, I've been here probably about 4-5 times and EVERY OTHER TIME i've been here, i've had a good experience. I 'd be giving this place 4-5 stars based on my experience minus this one time, however this one occurrence would be getting 1 star....so 3's the average. Hopefully next time i go, i'll actually get some decent service (or they'll just treat me like crap again cause i wrote this review lol)
The wings are great but still so expensive at $1 per wing! My boyfriend and I ordered pickup several times and so far, we end up missing pieces of wings!! It happened again tonight and I'm sick of spending money on expensive wings. 

COUNT YOUR PIECES IF YOU ORDER PICKUP!
I came here on a few occassions: 1) few years ago 2). had take out, 3) just recently visited on a Saturday night. I thought all the times i've experienced Cafe Soho, it was pretty good. When i came a few years ago, i recall the wings were so spicy, i could only eat like 1-2...my recent visit, they were spicy, but not as spicy as i remembered. Either way, definitely good korean fried chicken (made to order unlike bonchon and kyochon in nyc). 

The pitcher of Blue Moon was pretty good too and i thought the price was decent for the volume ($18). My party of 5 got there around dinner time, unfortunately we were 2nd in the "line"....i had two starving kids with me, so i asked if we could simply order at the bar in the waiting area...there was a misunderstanding. First, it was "sure you can". Then second was "no you can't.. its mainly for waiting and your table is up next". Not a big deal. 

The place was definitely short staffed. From what i could see, there were only two main waitresses (who were really nice and friendly to me), one runner, and one manager who kinda took orders and manned take out orders at the cash register. The place needed at least 1 more waitress and 1 runner to streamline the services. 

We had the kim chi fried rice as well. It was ok, nothing special to me. The night was all about beer and wings, which were great. The place plays korean music videos/music which is always welcome in my book. 

Knock one for: 

The automatic 20% tip. I'm not sure if it was because i had "5" people for dinner... (3 adults, 1 baby, 1 child) or it was a weekend policy thing. I usually tip 20% anyway. I didn't mind, just a little surprised--usually its 18% if they are doing automatic tip.
The first time I ever had Korean fried chicken was from this place and I'm so glad I did. I've only had KFC from two other places, but this place blows them out of the game!! 

I've had boom boom chicken in NJ and 99 Chicken from San Jose, CA. 

The thing about this place that blows them out is the taste of their chicken. Their chicken is well marinated and cooked nicely. It's not too dry or too moist. The wings and drums are a decent size and not too small like some places. 

Boom booms chicken was actually small and there was legit mostly skin and not enough meat. 99's wings are HUGE!! It's like chicken on steroids... so they beat Cafe Soho on that except their chicken's marinades don't taste as good as CS. 

I always get the soy and the spicy. Some days the spicy is REALLY spicy so beware of that. The soy is always good! Sometimes I like it more than the spicy but the spicy is so good.

It's $21 for a large which comes with 20 wings/drums. Not too bad.
I learned about Cafe Soho after reading an article in The New York Times about Federal donuts, a small shop opened by the celebrated people behind Zahav.

That being said, they gave huge complements to Cafe Soho for being the inspiration  behind their chicken. 

After reading about Cafe Soho in the NY Times, i had to give it a try, and i was pretty much blown away. I only had wings, and that's all i needed; allot of them. Wow!! they were pretty amazing!!! There's something about the Glaze on the spicy wings, you just cant stop ripping through them, and a wave of sadness washes over you when your down to that last wing.... everyone looks each other wondering, who's getting that last one....Hmmmm.

Hell yeah, stop at this place and try the best wings you'll ever have.

You'll also love the blasting rap music...and no they don't mess with censored radio edits, we're talking full on Ef that Sh%t  M-Efer versions of your favorite jams. 

They play a little K pop to :))
I love their chicken wings -- so crispy and flavorful. It's basically the equivalent of Bonchon; neither chain exists where I'm living/working (thank goodness I'm leaving there soon). I tried soy garlic and spicy, both of which are really good. I'd eat this stuff everyday if I weren't concerned about my health. There are only a few parking spots in front of the store, but there's additional street parking.
Wonderful little place for a date night. Fantastic food.
Ever since our first date here, my fiancée and I have been getting the half soy half spicy wings and love them! Definitely recommend and can't wait to try new things sometime!
I live closer to Chinatown so the closest Korean fried chicken is BonChon... but I'm definitely willing to make the trek to Cafe Soho for multiple reasons!

There's a lot of variety in the menu so in addition to the wings, you can order anything from fried cutlets, bulgogi/kimchi fried rice, dumplings, kimbap, and tteok bokki to name a few options. Also, the wings themselves have a lot of different options in flavor -- I've only ever been used to choosing between soy garlic or spicy but at Cafe Soho, there's sweet chili, the special, fried, and seasoned flavors too. 

The fried rice options are great because it comes with egg and melted cheese mixed in! The kimbap is a pretty large portion so you get your money's worth. 

The most popular flavors according to the waiter are the soy garlic and spicy anyways. The special has an interesting sweet taste to it with sesame seeds sprinkled on. Seasoned flavor is apparently just a "medium" version of the spicy. (The spicy is super spicy!) and the fried wings are just extremely crunchy deep fried wings that come with a side of sweet and spicy soy sauce. 

The drink menu is also pretty extensive. I highly recommend the milkshakes -- they may be $6 but you get a huge glass and their milkshakes are well made. The texture and consistency is how a milkshake should be and the flavors taste as you'd expect them to be.

It's a rather spacious and trendy environment, with Korean music blasting while the flat screens show music videos. 

My one complaint is that the service here is ridiculously slow! First off, there's a call button on each table to call for service, which I understand if it's a super crowded night. But I came on a Thursday night where there was only 2 other tables and I still had to use this button to flag down my waiter's attention! My milkshakes were made 3 dishes into my meal and I asked for extra radish that did not come until I had to ask another time with the press of the call button. 

I do appreciate that the waiters left our table alone for the most part to enjoy our meal in peace and that they did not drop the bill until we asked, so it didn't seem like they were rushing us out at any point. 

The hours are convenient too as they're open until 1 AM on a weekday which is perfect for those who want to eat out late.  

Tip: If you order a large order of wings (18 pcs) and do half/half with the flavors instead of ordering 2 separate flavors in small (12 pcs), it's cheaper despite missing a couple pcs.
These wings are dope! Come and get them while they are hot. They are double fried wings. The wings are really crunchy and the chicken is tender and moist. My friends and I got soy garlic, spicy, seasoned, and sweet chili. I would recommend to at least order the soy garlic and with of the other choices depending on your spice tolerance. Spicy is hella spicy. Spicy enough to make you tear up. 

For a heads, they do take a while to prepare so either grab some drinks and/ or appetizers. The wings take around thirty minutes normally but can take up to forty five minutes if it is busy. Overall, it's well worth the wait.
in LOVE with the wings! best wings ever...seriously! servers are horrible (thats why this place only gets my 4 star rating). great with group of friends or a date...thinking about the wings makes me drool! cant wait to come back!
This is a spot better experienced through take out. The fried chicken wings aren't half bad - but the atmosphere and the service most certainly is.

Imagine sitting in a dark room with strobe lights and laser lights while being surrounded by big screen televisions that are blaring 1 - bad Korean rap and hip hop, and 2 - NASCAR. 

While being enclosed in this noise and light; sit and watch 3 of the wait staff doing nothing while you wait for powdered ice tea mix.

If you want good chicken I would go elsewhere - but if you've still got your mind set on soho - do yourself a favor and get take out.
If I could write a Yelp review using only iPhone emojis, my review of Café Soho would go like this...

Chicken Emoji - Chicken Emoji - Chicken Emoji - Double Exclamation Emoji
("No" Symbol Emoji - Chicken Bone Emoji - "No" Symbol Emoji - Fire Emoji)

Plus Sign Emoji

Tropical Drink Emoji

Plus Sign Emoji

Dancing Lady Emoji - Microphone and Music Emoji - TV Emoji

Equals Sign Emoji

Grinning Face Emoji


For those not fluent in Emoji...

OMG the chicken is so good!! Went with boneless and didn't mess with the spicy sauce. Also the juices! And the music videos! I'm so happy!

(Insert iPhone ellipsis here)
Best place in Philly for Korean fried chicken! If you're ordering take-out, call in 30-45 minutes beforehand. The chicken wings are sauced, double fried, and drained of excess oil to get that addictive, extra crispy, savory taste, so it takes a while for your order to come out. I usually get the $20 large order (it used to be 20 pieces, now it is 18), with half soy garlic and half special. Soy garlic is my favorite. The sauce is a perfect balance between savory and sweet and it never fails to wake up my taste buds. The special sauce is a blend of sweet and sour. I'm pretty good with spicy food, but Soho's spicy sauce is a whole new level. It tastes really good, but tears start rolling down my cheeks after my 2nd spicy wing. After the 4th wing, I start losing my ability to taste other flavors. If you love spicy food or want to torture yourself, go crazy! Ask for the pickled radish to help balance out the spiciness. 

Tip: Most of the other things in the menu are NOT good and overpriced. I've tried the fried udon, kimbap, seafood pancake, and patbingsu. They hold back in a lot of ingredients and the taste is barely passable. Everything is doubled the price it should be. Just come here for the chicken wings!

The restaurant is dark with a young, trendy atmosphere. The K-Pop music videos constantly played on their TVs are a great source of entertainment. Service can be slow, and you'll have to keep waving down the waiters to refill your water. They have gotten more polite compared to the last few years, so thumbs up for gradual improvement!
I WILL NEVER GET TIRED OF THESE DELICIOUS CHICKEN WINGS! My family all say they're like crack! So addicting! I swear every bite is like the first bite of mouth watering deliciousness! I love the regular soy chicken! I love spice, but their spicy chicken is just a little too much for me. I also love their little cubed radish they offer as a side dish. It really cleans the palette. As for their spicy rush cakes, I'd say those are just as great too!! Love the cheese they add on top! Probably the best Korean fried chicken I have EVER tasted!
The best Korean fried chicken I have found in Philadelphia hands down. The fried chicken at Cafe Soho rivals even the best Korean fried chicken in LA's K-town. Absolutely wow when I took a bite of Cafe Soho's chicken. I'm so glad I decided to order to-go. After I called in, my order took about 25 minutes to complete.

+PARKING: Street parking only! But not a very busy area at all, so parking on the street and popping in was a breeze. There's a little lot in front of the 7-11 around the corner. You can park there and walk less than 3 minutes to get to Cafe Soho.

+INTERIOR: Right now they are closed for indoor seating. But, when I walked in, I could see how cozy the inside was. Not the most modern, but the dark wood and red booths definitely give Cafe Soho major hang-out spot vibes. I can imagine pre-COVID it would be poppin' on weekend nights.

+FOOD: 

-Korean Fried Chicken Wings:  I ordered a large order (18 pieces) and split them into 1/2 SOY GARLIC and 1/2 SEASONED. Both flavors were BOMB. The soy garlic was delightfully garlicy. Didn't have to look for the flavor, you get the perfect garlicky punch right away. Mixed with the sweet and savory flavor of the sauce, soy garlic was so good. Their seasoned (which is the Korean yangnyeom chicken) flavor has a great balance between spicy, sweet, and salty. I didn't find it to be terribly spicy and the gochujang flavor shines through and gives it a lot of stickiness. The seasoned chicken is little more wet than the soy garlic chicken wings. The chicken here is so crunchy, definitely double fried, and finger-licking good.  It's not dripping in sauce and isn't coated with too much batter, which is my favorite type of Korean fried chicken. My only pet peeve about the wings is that the tips aren't cut, so be careful you don't choke/scratch your throat while eating these. I got my order with a side of Korean pickled radish.

-Seafood Pancake: This was okay. Definitely not the greatest if you don't eat it right away. I made the mistake of saving it for the next day and it was not good texture-wise at all. I thought the amount of seafood (mix of shrimp, shellfish, and fish?) was good. I didn't find the seafood pancake to be very crispy and instead the pancake was gummy and lukewake. The dipping sauces they provide pair really well with the seafood pancake. The size is good for 2-3 people as an appetizer or an entree for 1-2 people. I've definitely had better Korean seafood pancake before.

+PRICE: I thought the seafood pancake was a little overpriced. But the price for the Korea fried chicken is very competitive and appropriate for the quality of the chicken.

Overall: Better than Bonchon. Yea that's right, I said it. I think Cafe Soho has better fried chicken and I like that their menu has a range of different foods other than the typical chicken, beer/soju, and fries. I don't think I'll go anywhere else for soy garlic/yangnyeom Korean fried chicken in Philly.
HEY DON'T MAKE A SPLIT SECOND DECISION TO COME HERE FOR LUNCH AND THEN HAVE YOUR LUNCH COMPANIONS THINK YOU ARE AN ASS FOR NOT CHECKING THE HOURS OF OPERATION!! THEY WILL MOCK YOU IN THE CAR FOR DRAGGING THEM ALL THE WAY OUT TO CHELTENHAM TO LOOK AT A CLOSED BUILDING!! CAFE SOHO DOES NOT OPEN UNTIL 3PM!  DEAR GOD PEOPLE LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE!

Ahem,

Once again, I've got to hand it to Korea for creating something really badass.  That country is like a non-stop-awesome-cuisine-making-machine.  There's something about the crispiness of this fried chicken that makes it extraordinary and unique.  It is delicious.

The special flavor was a sweet, soy-ish delight.  The spicy flavor had a bit of a kick to it, but not enough to distract from the texture of the chicken.

I give it 5 stars because it is now my favorite fried chicken in Philadelphia.  To be really fair, there isn't much competition in this category.

Protip: Call ahead if you are doing takeout.  It takes them a while to put the order together.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this establishment is Shoot 'Em Up.
FINALLY! I got to try the most infamous Bon Chon chicken in probably all of Philadelphia.. It's a trek out here to the northeast, thus the excuse of why it took so long for me to get here. Once here though, I see why it is all the rave. It definitely is an "experience" for those who are not familiar with the Korean/Asian culture of food, drinks, and K/J-Pop (asian-pop-music). 

The decor was trendy and asian-hip, as you would expect of a modernized korean restaurant. We were greeted by a 6-7 ft. towering korean manikin bowing to us at the entrance, and the music videos were blaring in the restaurant, interesting and exasperating all at once. I personally thought it was a bit loud for dinner time, but might've been more acceptable towards 1-2 AM when the drunkards are stumbling in trying to get their fried chicken on. However, I will say that this is excusable since this is how actual Korean/Asian places in Asia will run their restaurants. It kind of brought me back to the days I studied in Taiwan.

As for the food and drinks - we got a pineapple soju, which unexpectedly was served from an open pineapple shell. I thought that was pretty cool. I guess other Korean places do this as well, but I was just expecting soju out of a bottle. We ordered wings with 3 different types of sauces- the spicy, house, and soy garlic. They were all delicious and I won't say any one was better than the other. The way they fried the chicken is definitely what distinguishes the place. Asian fried chicken is definitely better than American style fried chicken, and this will exceed anyone's expectations. However, as I am writing this review, I can still taste a bit of the lingering sodium that's making my mouth kind of dry and thirsty.
I went to Cafe Soho with a friend for dinner. We were seated almost immediately. The place was decently crowded for a Thursday night. There were screens with K-pop music videos and K-pop being played in the background. We ordered large chicken wings (18 pieces) for $21 - half seasoned and half soy garlic, as well shumai (10 pieces, fried) for $7.99. The only thing I would say is that it did take a while for the chicken wings to be ready. The shumai on the other hand came almost immediately. The food was good and the price was reasonable. 18 pieces were more than enough to share between two people and I definitely took a bunch home. I personally liked seasoned chicken wings better but my friend likes soy garlic more so it really depends on the person's preference. There are other types of chicken wings to try out; it's not just soy garlic and seasoned. Seasoned does have a bit of a kick so people that may be a bit sensitive to spiciness might think twice before trying seasoned. Recommended for chicken wings!
Perfection...that simple.

Our party of 5 had a seafood pancake (delicious!), an order of rice cakes with seafood (delicious!), a large order of spicy wings & a small order of fried seasoned wings (perfection!). It is hard to describe how fabulous those wings were...extra crunchy, seasoned just right and spicy!!!  Be sure to get the pickled radish to accompany the wings. We stuffed ourselves!!

Do not miss Cafe Soho! I've never had such delicious wings & the other Korean offerings were spot on! Also, be sure to check out the restroom doors that leave no chance someone will confuse the men's room from the ladies'.

GO THERE...NOW!
I like this place because the wings are always consistent. They're crunchy and evenly sauced. Really good Korean fried wings. It will always be a favorite here in Philly. 

The only complaint really is that the service here is never great. They don't smile, sometimes they don't  even say anything when you walk in and you just have to stand there awkwardly. Then they take a long time to take orders, which sucks because you have to wait another 30 min at least for your wings to come out too. They also don't check up on you. It's just really bad service....
i read many reviews on how the service was terrible... i was really worried coming but i really wanted to try since i had guests visiting from out of town. i gave it a shot.. 

i didn't experience any of the bad service mentioned here (thank god)... the waiter that we had was actually very friendly.. he explained the menu and told us when they say spicy wings.. IT'S SPICY... so he suggested we order the "fried season pak pah dahk".. hope i got that correct.. it's a lil spicy and sweet, and we got the soy sauce wings. the fried season wings were actually more spicier that we thought, so we're glad we went with wat the waiter suggested and not order just the spicy wings.. now i'm not sure if it's a korean way of frying wings, or ours were just over...fried?? we couldn't get our fork thru the skin to pick it up... 

we also got the watermelon soju... for $20, i expected a bigger watermelon? between the four of us, we had maybe... 3 to 4 shot glasses each.. which didn't fill us up, however we were heading somewhere else afterwards, so it was enough to go with the wings....

o, and think maybe the manager or someone of that sort... actually came around and asked how everything was... which i like cuz it seems like they care about the business.
When I was asked if I wanted to have KFC, I was about to slap my friend right upside the head and yell that we are in Philly for good food, not fast food!  I was more wrong then I could have ever imagined.  He didn't mean Kentucky Fried Chicken the fast food chain.  He was referring to the delicious Korean Fried Chicken.  This was pretty much the last stop during our food tour, so I was pretty full at this point and wasn't thinking to much of it.  

When you walk in, the restaurant has a pretty great vibe to it.  Their is Korean pop playing on big screens and the lay out of the interior is spot on.  We were seated right away and checked out our menus.  They decided to order the Honey Garlic and some kind of sweet chili flavor.  I was full, but my wife convinced me to try some.  I told everyone I would try one and grabbed the Honey Garlic flavored one...I ended up eating 6.  They were so good that I couldn't put them down.  The crispy texture and the sweetened garlic flavor was so on point.  

The only issue I had was the drum sticks didn't have as much meat on them as I would have liked.  Other than that, what a great place to get wings!
If I could choose my own death, it would be humble.  I would like it to be in winter, in my own house, near a roaring fireplace.  My family would gather around and I would tell them that I love them.  I would say my goodbyes, shake my son's hand, hug my daughter, and kiss my wife.  

Staring into their eyes, I would then pound Cafe Soho fried chicken into my mouth until I have a heart attack.
My husband and I went to this awesome little place after a recommendation from an acquaintance.  It was pretty much empty and totally different from what you would expect on the outside, as in a Seoul night club as opposed to a strip mall hole in the wall.

We were sent in for the Korean fried chicken and man were we not disappointed.  The chicken is double fried and has an almost candied shell with the sauce.  We highly recommend all the flavors, but beware the spicy is actually spicy and if you also get the soy sauce flavor it can amplify the spice.  The pickled daikon is a great little side.

We highly recommend this place, be patient as the service can be a bit slow but you will not be disappointed at all!
I LOVE LOVE LOVE their special and garlic soy sauce chicken. Other food on the menu are also delicious too. All of the soju drinks that I've tried are yummy. The ambiance is cool with the K-pop music videos. 

The only complaint I really have and that is why I'm giving them 3 stars is because of their servers. They look miserable and very irritable when you're asking them to get you what you need... at least 3 times to different servers for the same stuff. If they're that lazy, then just leave extra napkins, forks, spoons, bowls, and a pitcher of water on the table and we'll figure the rest out ourselves. Heck, leave the check there too while they're at it so I don't have to chase anyone down for anything.
Chicken wings is all you need to know about this place. Crunchy goodness. We ordered half soy sauce and half sweet and sour. They were amazing. We both liked the sweet and sour wings slightly more, just slightly. 

We ordered the pork stir fry over white rice to share which was a good idea because the wings take a while to come out. You can't rush perfection. The wings ($20) are more than enough for two people, however, we were hungry and wanted something to pass the time.

The place has a really cool red and black design. The seats, or should I say sofas, are the most comfortable I've ever sat in. Very modern look and feel.
This used to be THE BEST. But quality has changed recently. The wings kept getting smaller and smaller, and the customer service was slacking. 

One time, we ordered take out and the wings were smaller than usual so we called and asked if they had changed vendors or something because this is not the size we usually get and it would not be worth the money if this is how it's gonna be. They apologize and said that next time we come, tell them and they will specifically pick out larger wings for us to make up for it.

The next time we ordered take out, we ordered 2 large soy garlic wings. When we picked it up, we noticed in the car that one of the boxes were spicy. We have a family full of kids, and they can't eat that. On top of that, the wings were still super tiny. We called them and they said we could bring it back and have it switched out. So I drove back and sent my girlfriend in to switch it out, she told me that the worker said to her "Try it right now, I guarantee you it's not spicy." In front of everyone there, he put my girl on the spot which was unacceptable. They didn't switch it out for her and we just left. If it wasn't spicy, why did we trouble ourself in driving all the way back? And if they weren't going to switch it out, why tell us to come back?

Months later, after now being loyal to Bonchon Chicken, we decided to give Soho another try. We dined in instead to see if that made a difference. Well... no difference. The wings were still tiny, and the seasoning seemed to have a bit of a change in taste.

So unless Soho reverts to how they used to be last year, we are sticking with Bonchon. Much more convenient for us, bigger chicken, cheaper in price, and better customer service.
To anyone who never been to Soho or had been there 2 years ago. Back in high school when I discovered this place it was an awesome hangout spot. Unfortunately today a lot has changed.  Weird enough, Soho is not a place of business because they do not put money first(I will explain as you read further). It's a place that irritates customers and makes everyone scratch their heads because nothing ever makes sense in there. 6 months ago I visited this place with friends. There were 5 of us sitting in a 4 person table with an extra chair on the side. The place was not packed on a Thursday night. We ordered a bunch of food, 11 dishes total because we always do family style when I hang out with my buddies. As the 7th dish came, we asked the waiter kindly if we can attach the table next to ours which was a small one that sits 2 because of all the food we ordered. He said "sorry we can't do that for you." My friend asked why not it's not packed, we ordered $300 in food and drinks.. He replied the manager rules. Okay fine... That didn't bother me at all but it pissed some of my friends off. Then the bill comes, we can't even leave a justified crap tip because gratuity is already included.. Alright fine! I'll let that one bad experience slide because I've gone to soho many times in the past and I'll forgive them that one night. Last night my mother decided to go out and eat with me and my lil sis. It was 10:30 pm and on a Sunday. Not many places will be opened but soho came up on my mind. We stopped in and again it was not packed. The host approached and asked us how many. I said party of 3 and they said we had to wait. I pointed out a table in front of us which seats 4 + the extra side chair which they made it for 5. He said sorry we only seat 5 people there.... I told him I'll order 8 people worth of food. He declined the offer and said sorry its store policy. Having me bring my mother there I was so embarrassed because none of this makes sense to me nor my mother. There was clearly 5 tables opened, not packed, why can't they sit us down? You don't want to make money? We ate there anyways because my mother never been there and I wanted her to try the wings but never again will I step foot in there unless I get an apology letter from the owners for such a horrible service experience. Charge me for all the bottled water or napkins you want, I don't care about paying for those but if your gonna treat me with no respect than you ain't gonna make my money.
Seriously? I gave this place so many chances. Their customer service sucks. It's not getting any better. We went here this past week. Why does it take an hour for our wings to be served to us? When it finally came out, it taste burnt! They probably forgot about our wings and had to refried it. 

We came in another time with a bigger group and They sat us down and we ordered our drinks. After a little bit, They  told us we have to move our seats because another group was coming in. (Mostly likely it was a group of their friends). We got up and left.

Oh, when you ask for a box to take your left over wings home, expect a paper bag. They told me they ran out of to go boxes but the person after us walked out with a box. 

No More! Not worth it!
This is one of my favorite  places. Not your typical Korean restaurant.  The process they use to fry their chicken is amazing!! Oh they have traditional Korean dishes too!

Parking: street and can be hard during the weekend.

Environmemt & Service: seating is quick however if it's the weekend you'll wait for a while but it's worth it. The wait staff is usually nice & accommodating.  If it's too busy they may not check on you,  so you'll have to grab any wait staff. If it's a Friday,  be prepared to holler as it gets very loud; they have Korean Asian videos playing.  The decor is pretty cool: black & red booths with a few tables around. The bathrooms are clean. 

Food: we usually get the sweet chilli & garlic wings.  The flavor lingers on your pallet and ohhhh what a taste!! Their fries have a nice taste (fried in fresh grease) and they serve a large portion so you can share. I'm going to try something different the next time.  

Drinks: I love the Mango bubble tea with mango jelly. Oh baby! It's smooth and sweet!! I get the Mango Soju which is a Korean alcohol beverage.  It's not strong enough for me but it's fun to drink and comes in a carved out pineapple; you and friends can take shots. Fun! 

Price: for two people the bill can run from $60 on up. 

Enjoy!!
It was love at first bite. *Nom nom nom nom nom* 

Cafe Soho is the REAL DEAL when it comes to fried chicken. If you don't agree, then slap me silly. 

This place offers amazingly delicious crunchified chicken wings, and they are finger-lickin' good.  

Twenty dollars for about 20 wings is a great deal considering the size and quality. A must try is their Spicy Chicken Wings (if you can handle the heat)!
I've been to this place so many times and I love the wings, but their prices and cheapness is seriously beginning to bother me. I'm beginning to start seeing the differences the more I come here...

Wings, I give them 4 stars. Love the crispiness of wings and the sauces are good too.. I'm beginning to like the soy sauce wings more than the special wings, which are tasting more like a general tso's/sesame chicken sauce.. The soy wings are really good with white rice! (though for a $1 a bowl of rice, can you guys at least fill up the bowl?)

Honestly, last time I came here, we had wings left and asked for doggie bags, which they can't even afford to give out anymore. They only gave us a paper bag so we just wrapped the wings in the tinfoil that the wings come on top of. Next time, take notice that they are quite stingy with giving out napkins too. Also, turn on the heat!!!! It's pretty chilly  in that place. I also remember when I first came here a couple years ago, they'd provide  your table with a pretzel bowl to snack on while you waited, but that's also gone now. See how much has changed?

I recommend not getting their Seafood noodles(?).. It's udon noodles with a thick corn starchy sauce. The "seafood" noodles came with ONE shrimp, ONE mussel, a few TINY BABY clams, and some rings of squid.. The dish looked big when it came out, but I was quite fooled with the noodles all spread out on the quarter/half-inch deep dish. The dish was okay, but the sauce had a very black peppery taste, and they SERIOUSLY skimped out on the seafood for the price I paid.

It won't be my hangout spot, but I know I'll be back because I do like their wings from time to time.
I've been coming to Soho since I moved to Philly years ago. It's definitely my go-to place for some Korean chicken wings, the flavor is great and they can't go wrong with the crunchiness. 

We typically order take-out unless we come here with a large group. Take-out takes between 25-40 minutes on a standard day but could take 45m-1h if it's busy during the weekend but definitely worth it. Eating in is always a good experience, they have an okay selection of beer and soju/soju mixes. They have a lot of TVs if you're into sports and/or enjoy watching Korean Music Videos.

If you live in the area and haven't tried it, you have to give it a shot!
The previous reviews, while accurate, doesn't really do this place justice.  Cafe Soho is a fried chicken joint, but probably unlike any other fried chicken joint you've ever been to before.  Cafe Soho is a korean fried chicken joint and unless you are from Korea, California, or NYC you've probably never had korean fried chicken before.

Korean fried chicken has been pretty big in NYC for about 2 years now and I'm glad it has finally made its way down to Philly.  Korean fried chicken is pretty close to perfection.  The chicken is twice fried, yielding a non greasy, paper thin skin that is lightly basted in a glaze of soy garlic or korean chili paste.  The chicken has such a crunch even though its not battered and the meat is juicy and moist.

The price might seem a bit expensive for chicken wings and drumsticks (its about $1 a piece), but they don't serve you those dinky wings that you get in those quarter wing joints.  To my knowledge the chicken is fresh and everything is cooked to order.  It is sometimes a bit of a wait for your chicken since they cook it to order, but a 20 minute wait to enter fried chicken heaven is well worth it.

Cafe Soho sells other food but really I don't think I will ever get around to trying anything else.  If you like wings and fried chicken you have to come here to try this stuff, you'll be addicted to it in no time.  Huge plus is that they sell beer here too.  None of the Korean fried chicken places I've been to in NYC have beer.  This is some of the best wings you'll ever get.  Come try it, you'll be back again by the end of the week.
Best Korean Fried Chicken Ever. Right on par with Krave Mad for Chicken in Boston. I don't think I'd be able to tell them apart honestly. This place makes great Korean Fried Chicken Double fried. If you are not good with spicy I suggest you stick to soy. If you are good with spicy, then I suggest you get half soy half spicy. If you're crazy, get the spicy flavor. There will be radishes to sooth the pain.

Potatoes on a stick are an amusing little side. I was surprised it was sweet rather than savory. 

We also got the soju drunks which (out of the ones we ordered) came in the fruit flavor it featured. We had got the pineapple soju and watermelon soju to share. Watermelon was much better, but the pineapple was also tasty. 

The atmosphere is really Korean with K-pop music videos playing. My only thing with the atmosphere was that some tables had lounge chairs (I was originally seated in one). It would have been weird to eat so far back from the table. Also warning, only one bathroom stall. Someone was in it for awhile... so... yeah lol. 

Anyway, come here, have fun, drink. Don't go to spicy. Best KFC. Try to time your bathroom usage.
Stumbled on this place while browsing Yelp. Bookmarked it and FINALLY checked it out. Curse me for not going sooner. 

I've had more Korean fried chicken than should be humanly allowed and I have to say, this was hands down the best. We ordered half soy garlic, half seasoned (sweet & spicy) with bones (next time we go boneless). I took one bite and blacked out. Next thing I know, I've eaten almost all of them. The wings were a little too spicy for my son so he go the bulgogi fried rice minus the cheese which tasted even better than it looked (and it looked and smelled like heaven). 

We ordered bubble tea (mango & Thai tea). Both were yummy. A little sweet but that's a matter of taste. 

We were greeted and sat right away. Service was great. If you need anything, push the button on your table and a server will come over. They had tv's playing college football and KPop videos. The place is clean and very trendy looking.  Street parking right out front for free is nice. 

Will definitely be back. Probably every weekend because there's no such thing as moderation when it comes to Korean fried chicken.
A great place to kick it with a beer and bonchon chicken.. and fruit bingsoo dessert :) 

For visual entertainment, you can watch people get rowdy under the influence of alcohol, or you can watch tv. there are several flat screen tv's on the walls, with various sports on each screen. If you ask nicely, you are allowed to switch the channels.

Service can be a bit on the slow side though, especially when waiting for food to come out. Press the little bell on the table for immediate service instead of flagging down a waiter/waitress!
I read an article in the Philadelphia Weekly that mentioned the wings from this place.   Based off the article itself and the 4.5 star overall review I saw on this site, I trekked to this restaurant.

At first at glance I thought $20 for 20 whole wings was pricey, but as much everyone raved about these wings, I was willing to pay.

First misconception, these wings are not whole wings, they are party wings.  Essentially, you're paying $2 a wing.  Pretty pricey.
This place is a shithole. It is a ghetto ass joint. It's what wanna-be bougie Americans with no money think something "classy" should be, and it's embarrassing. I went here with two friends because one of them heard it was the best Korean fried chicken in town.

It's just a wing place. That's it.

The decor screams "THIS IS WHAT YOU THINK A HIGH END KOREAN ESTABLISHMENT SHOULD LOOK LIKE!!!", all bright reds and black, glossy, flashing lights, flat screen TV's playing k-pop. When we went in I was overwhelmed with the smell of pickled foods. It smelled like rotting pickles, basically. The floor was slippery and sticky.

We sat down and our waitress explained that because they (allegedly) individually sauce every order of wings it takes up to half an hour for each order; and that they had some sort of 'special' approach that made the wings extra crispy.

Like many others have expressed, it is overpriced to the extreme. $20 for 18 wings is ridiculous, and they are mostly breading. There was absolutely nothing special about the taste. Basically they expect you to pay more and wait longer for sub-par food. If this place were in New York City I would assume it was a tourist trap.
You know you have it bad when you have dreams about Soho's chicken.  I haven't tried other items on their menu since I'm always fixated on the chicken!

I've tried many Bonchon chicken places in other cities but the way Cafe Soho does it.... it's addicting.  They 2x fry their chicken which creates the most delicious crunch!  The flavors are all equally good too which makes it a lethal combination.

My favorite is the special and the spicy chicken.  The special chicken I would say is like a sweet/sour sauce, so good. The wings are a decent size but when I come here with a friend, we could easily kill 2x of the bowls (40 wings -- yes a friend = 2 people, 40 wings).  If I come here with a group, the amount of carnage that happens is disgusting, no wing left behind!  With your chicken order, they also provide Korean radishes that provides a nice, refreshing cleanse from all the chicken grease you inhale.

The ambience here is super trendy but be ready to watch k-pop music videos that will put you in a trance.  It's true, you look up and can easily be hypnotized by the k-pop videos.  

The only downside to this place is their service.  Oftentimes I've come here and had to flag down the server or a different server multiple times to get something.  They have table bells too but that doesn't always work to get their attention when it gets a busy there.

Other than that, I'm a repeat customer here and the slow service is bearable if you want to eat their chicken.
Would actually give this place a 4.5  but giving a slightly lower rating solely because of the wait time. Expect at least a 25-30 minute wait (to up to an 45-60 mins at busier times). 
As far as food goes, the soy wings are definitely a go to and is usually consistently good. The spicy wings can be a hit or miss though. Sometimes they pack the perfect amount of heat, other times it's way too spicy to even be enjoyable after the first few bites. 
Tried the kimchi fried rice for the first time at the latest visit. It was pretty good and had nice flavor; although, I wish there was more kimchi in it and that the serving size was slightly bigger. 
Overall, cafe soho probably has the best Korean wings in the area and is worth the wait!
P.S. Don't forget to ask for the Daikon! And you can always order takeout in advance if you don't feel like waiting
A few weeks ago, I was looking into local fried chicken places, knowing I'd be in town for 2 weeks...I wanted to hit a good place when I had the craving.  Well, with all the ranting and raving about Bon Chon chicken, I had to try it.

I stopped by there yesterday around 4:00 pm without calling ahead (forgot my cell), and was glad to see that the place wasn't busy. I ordered the half & half (spicy & soy garlic).  I sat in my car, waiting.  When I picked it up 20 minutes later, I immediately noticed how it smelled like Ramen Noodle seasoning packets.  That was an initial turnoff.  On the way home, I started to get a headache from the aroma emitted...usually that happens when there's MSG in an asian product since I'm highly sensitive to it.  Not sure if there was any in it, but thought I'd mention that.

Anyway, to make a long story short, got home, tried it, and thought it was above average, but not fantastic like some of the reviews made me think. It's definitely different, that's for sure. (It reminded me of some unique wings we have at a local Chinese restaurant.) The spicy one gave me hiccups on the first try around.  Then I switched to the soy garlic which helped cool my mouth down.  Went back to the spicy one, which didn't seem so bad the second time around.  Had a headache the rest of the evening.

I had plenty of leftovers, so today for lunch, I heated up a few of the spicy ones... so far, no headache today, so I think it may have been the soy garlic ones.  Anyone know for sure if they put MSG in it? 

Crunchy, spicy, not too oily.  The meat could have used a little more flavor, but the crust was good.  All in all, pretty good, though I think I'm going to stick to Popeyes when I want my fried chicken fix.
There was a period of time where I went there every Thursday night for about a month. You cant beat KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) and some ice cold soju or a cold beer. And they're open late, perfect for late night munchies. I'm starting to drool just thinking about it...
Quite possibly the best chicken wings I've ever had, ever, anywhere, in all eternity. These Koreans know what they're doing.

The menu is unbelievably limited - when we were there, so many items were crossed out, and they only had two out of the six or so flavors of bubble tea offered. But who cares, because you came here for the chicken.

The spicy chicken is pretty damn spicy. The soy sauce (or soy garlic, that my friend told me to order, which isn't on the menu) chicken is a little sweet. The chicken is ridiculously crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside, and PACKED with flavor. The radishes on the side are great for in between spicy bites.

Bubble tea is expensive but not bad, really.

Seriously, the best chicken ever. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. I've been coming here for the past four years - while the interiors have changed, their recipe hasn't. You can always count on this place.
Yummmy!! I love Korean fried chicken and this place was good! The sauce was very flavorful and not too spicy or sweet. The regular fried chicken was also well fried. Get the spicy rice cake with cheese too... soo good!!
My sister is a fried chicken fan, so we decided to give this place a try...  DELICIOUS!!  Now I am a fan!

We ordered the soy garlic and spicy wings and spicy rice cakes with cheese... yum!  Taro blended drink was just okay, stick with beer.  Everyone left happy campers.

The decor is cute and comfy... nice atmosphere.  We will be back.
some of the best fried chicken I've ever had, would be even better if it wasn't so expensive. if ordering to go make sure you order ahead of time. it takes forever...
My friends and I came here for some late night food. It was my first time here and I can say honestly, it didn't disappoint. 

We got a basket and a half of the soy garlic wings, half a basket of spicy wings, fries, udon, a huge pitcher of blue moon (filled 8 glasses), a mango soju, and a watermelon soju. 

The wings were so good- I only had the soy garlic ones. The skin on the wings were so crispy crunchy! I've never had wings so good. All the other foods were good as well. 
 
Only thing is that there's no parking lot, so I guess if you come during an earlier, busy time, it'd be a bit hard to find street parking.
definitely recommend the Korean style fried chicken wings. Crispy and delicious. Would come back again
My boyfriend and I came here for Cafe Soho's Korean fried chicken that I believe is truly superior to all of the fried chicken I have tried. Their chicken is crispy as well as flavorful and savory!

We ordered their Bang Bang shrimp appetizer (4/5) and Soy Garlic wings (5/5). The Bang Bang shrimp was a decent app, but its sweet and sour flavor did not stand out. The wings came with a side of radish cubes (pickled daikon) that added a juicy and fresh taste to the chicken.

I have tried other fried chicken chains such as BonChon, but overall I would highly recommend Cafe Soho's wings over BonChon any time you are in the area and craving some soy garlic Korean fried chicken! Their chicken is comparable but definitely better. The restaurant also has a fun, hip ambiance and friendly staff that are very attentive, what's not to love about this place?
This place is very nice and clean
BEST wings I've ever haddddd!
So good! definitely coming back
Alright, I finally drove myself here last night after my George Clinton & P-funk concert. I had to try this place out based on the reviews I've read.

Contrary to public belief, I'm black (verify by checking the profile pic). And typically would assume a black people would know about fried chicken right? Well I don't, because I'm African. We don't do "fried" chicken. We do fried plantains(YUMMIES).

Since I'm not a fried chicken connoisseur I really have NO big preference except that it be well fried (I don't eat raw and I don't wanna see any pink in my meat and it should have basic salt/pepper). 

So my visit- I was lucky to snag a shnazzy parking spot right in front of the place at 12am. They were relatively busy for that time of the night & in that area. The place has a sports bar feel to it.  My friend and I were seated quickly. We are starving and parched.
We got the fruit juices- $6? that's kinda high.

After discussion, we decided to go halfsies on the soy sauce chicken and the seasoned one (Not the spicy one...and based on eating the seasoned, the spicy would have been SUPER hot). 

I personally preferred the soy sauce seasoned chicken. The flavor had more character than the seasoned one. I loved the fried skin BUT the inner me could not eat much of the skin. It was delicious BUT I knw it was fattyyyyyyy. + the flavor doesn't really get on the chicken so you have to make sure each bite of chicken has skin attached or something like that.

Would I make a trip back all the way here to get fried chicken? prob not. It's def good try. I would like to try out other places (perhaps in NYC) that also offer the same style of chicken and see how they compare. Maybe then I'll come back and upgrade/downgrade the chicken here. I have nothing to compare it to for now except the local fried chicken at the chinese food store.

+ I have left overs that I bought home. I'll eat them later. I must say my jaw was really hurting me last night so I couldn't chew properly. Maybe that affected my experience? I'll know more after I eat the left overs.
