Sea salt honey tart, you make me want to write a country song. 

Last night, I hosted my book club and one of our fabulous members brought over the sea salt honey tart from Cake Life. Hmm, Cake Life? "It's where Beyoncé got her birthday cake." 'Nuff said! 

I'm not a huge dessert person but I know when a good thing's in front of me, so of course I helped myself to a sliver. Wow. The rich, sweet, buttery-goodness with just the tiniest hint of sea salt to round out the flavors was truly magic. The tart reminded me of St. Louis gooey butter cake - but better. 

Waking up this morning to a leftover slice really made my day!
I'd likely have given the cake 3.5 stars (primarily for presentation, not taste), however, due to the piss poor customer service I was given I honestly wouldn't recommend this place. Bad customer service is bad business, and I don't care what you're selling. 

I called in on Monday informing the person I spoke to I was interested in a cake for a party Saturday evening and was wondering if any full size vanilla cakes would be available. This person told me there's no way for them to know which cakes are being made until 2 nights before so to call in on Wednesday. I asked if I could just place an order for pick up and the person told me they weren't accepting any regular order requests because it was wedding season. So you halt regular customers orders during wedding season? Umm, ok. 

Moving on, I call in on Wednesday and the worker tells me which full size cakes are on the schedule for baking  Friday/ available Saturday - of which is the vanilla I'm looking for. Great, now that you know you're making it, how can I reserve it? You can't (or so I'm told). Ok, well I understand not wanting to hold a cake that can potentially sell so can I purchase the cake over the phone? You can't (or so I'm told). So, miss how does one get a cake here short of stopping in? How will I know the cake is still available and I'm not wasting a whole trip? HOW?!?! I'm informed to in Friday before closing and make sure of stock for Saturday just in case. Umm, ok. 

I call in Friday and speak to yet another customer service (Ill fitting title) agent who informs me oh yeah we have a BUNCH of full size Vanilla cakes. Great! So once again can I reserve/pay? You can't (or so I'm told). Ok, I'll be in first thing in the AM (they open at 7AM). Oh, there's plenty I'm told - don't get up that early there's 4 or 5 vanillas they won't sell by early morning but I would come before noon. Umm, ok. 

So I wake up and head over to the shop. A little later than I expected (damn Uber pool) but I make it to the store around 9:10AM. The agent is helping another customer so I just check out the cakes/treats on display. Hmm, there aren't any full size vanilla cakes on display. In fact, there are only TWO full size cakes left. An earl grey looking cake and a cappuccino one. Well, the display isn't that large perhaps they keep some in the back. After helping the previous customer I'm approached and I tell the young woman that I called in the previous night and regarding a full size vanilla cake. She looks extremely confused and the first thing out of her mouth (no lie) is DID YOU RESERVE OR PAY BY PHONE? I'm asking because I sold all of them this morning. The other vanilla left is the small/mini cake size. I am stunned. So you DO take reservations? YES (or so I'm told). I explain to her my consistent inquiries throughout the week and requests to reserve/pay via phone and I felt bad because she honestly looked confused as to who would be giving me that information.  She was polite, but limited in helpfulness because there were only two cakes left. I'm limited as the party is that night, I assumed I would have a cake so I'm basically assed out. I call a few bakeries who tell me they need 24 hours notice for cake I'm asking for and otherwise subject to what's on hand (which is pretty much what I'm looking at here). I decide to save my many frustrations for a review and deal with deciding which two cakes are lesser evil. Because the flavors are unusual I ask if theres any tasters to which I'm told I'd have to pay for slices of both. Umm, ok. No. So I opt for the cappuccino because I mean, earl grey. Who wants to deal with explaining that choice? The espresso cake was the highest priced I believe around $55 (vs $35 or so for vanilla). The worker took pity on me and gave me discount for around 15% I believe. Probably the only positive thing out of this whole experience. 

All that to say, although the cake was beautiful and seemed to have ingredients that boast of a more gourmet tasting experience it honestly was not that better taste wise than a cake from Giant. The biggest issue was that although I was told the cakes were baked the night before, the cake part was a bit sponge-y and stale tasting. I'd imagine that cake sat for at least two days before being sold to me. I encouraged the guests who didn't like it to leave a bad review out of sheer bitterness of all the effort I had to put into acquiring such an average cake (petty queen? yes!). I'm unsure as to why an issue like this even occurred. I question how you can offer such terrible service to regular patrons in lieu of it being "busy wedding season" but expect the same patrons to frequent your establishment in the off season. Overall, my experience here was enough that I would not return or recommend anyone doing any "on call" cakes unless you prefer to be bullshitted and have your time wasted.
Adorable, bright, welcoming bake shop serving up delicious everyday pastries (both sweet and savory), incredibly intricate special occasion cakes, delectable cupcakes including vegan varieties, so many fun treats for kiddos AND Rival Bros coffee! Winning! 

My kiddos absolutely freaked over their brightly colored dinosaur sugar cookies, delicious cupcakes and unicorn poop aka meringue. So clever! Mamas, this is great spot to pick up a little something sweet for your lil sweets! The cake is moist and the icing is so creamy and flavorful. The raspberry icing was a favorite with our crew. 

Their cakes are breathtaking and so detailed. Check out their photo gallery! It seems there's nothing they can't do! Big or small. Any style and design. That geode cake blew me away! Amazing work!!!

It's a one stop shop for a party as they sell unique greeting cards, party hats, candles and other party decor too! 

I love that's it's a cafe as well as a bakery! It's such a great place to grab a cup of Philly made coffee and catch up, or slow down for a minute. I can't wait to bring the kiddos and hubs back here soon! 

I was very impressed with the creativity here. I will definitely keep them in mind for my daughter's next birthday...and maybe even for my own :) 

Brides, run here!
Ok, listen up people: 

The Dulce De Leche Chocolate Truffle Tart is likely the best bakery dessert in Philly right now. It's pure chocolate ganache and dulce perfection! (Solid 5 Stars)

You read it here first. Suck it, Philly Mag and your best of Philly list... ;)

(Please make sure you get the one at room temperature if you want to consume immediately - as you should!)
Celebrated some good news yesterday with a few treats from cake life and realized that I haven't reviewed one of my Fishtown staples yet! HUGE portions and fair prices considering the portions. If you like lemon bars, try a citrus bar. A buttery cookie crust with a lemon/lime/grapefruit curd, this is like a lemon bar on steroids. The fig walnut scones are a must try (all of their scones are delicious), especially warmed up for a few seconds. Almond, chocolate, and plain croissants are all excellent choices. Savory items like pepperoni pizza croissants are to die for!

Though I still think that Whipped has the best cupcakes in the area, Cake Life has the best variety of pastries and savory items. Flaky croissants, chicken pot pies, even dog treats for the pup... amazing variety of sweet and savory decadence.
Lily has a new partner now and brand-new digs in Port Richmond.
Her cupcakes won her the $10K prize on Food Networks Cupcake Wars - and she also appeared on Cupcake Champions.

Her decorations are gorgeous - but more importantly - the cupcakes taste amazing!!!

We love you, Lily!!!
Lost in translation. I couldn't for the life of me figure out why Cake Life would think that a 3D cake featuring Rihanna's butt would be a smart idea to showcase their talents. Then there was that geode cake. You know... THAT one. Something teen geologists likely dream of. So, I didn't take them seriously at all.... But, after seeing Cake Life featured as The Best New Bakery in Philadelphia by Philly Mag I finally decided to give it a try... And, I realized how silly and stupid I'd been to judge the bakery superficially!  ("Every waking hour I'm choosing my confessions"...)

I'm not even talking about the beautiful wedding and party cakes they make. You only need to look at their Instagram feed to understand their aesthetic craftsmanship! No. I'm referring to their daily, not made-to-order, baked goods. I'd had a full meal at Kensington Quarters nearby, and so didn't really have much of an appetite. That said, I took a couple of savory things: "cheezy goldfish" cookies and cheese and garlic monkey bread, and two sweet items: bourbon pecan cookie and the Honey sea salt tart. They were all exceptional. The Honey sea salt tart had fantastic crust, not a smidge of imperfection despite the generous filling of the baked honey custard. The savory goods were a welcome impulse purchase. I could see myself coming here just for the savory monkey bread and the Cheezy goldfish cookies (helpfully marked "For humans", to avoid confusion with the dog biscuits nearby!)
 
But, cakes are what they are known for and I've tried a few slices: Praline Cake (chocolate cake filled with Hazelnut Praline ganache and encased in Praline buttercream), Campfire Cocoa Cake (chocolate cake, whipped cream, marshmallows), and the buzz generating Lemon-Thyme Cake (Lemon Cake soaked in white wine thyme syrup, filled with lemon thyme custard and encased in honey goat cheese frosting). Here's my advice: DON'T eat the cake inside the bakery! These are buttercream cakes and need to thaw and come to terms with room temperature before consumption (*). IF you're like me, and unable to wait, you'll just waste some exceptionally moist cake while partaking in what will seem like a cold slab of butter... Don't. do. it. Take the slice home, or wait 30 minutes or so. I don't expect this to be a problem for those who order the (exceptionally well executed) custom cakes for special occasions e.g. weddings. 

Speaking of The Wedding Bride, as someone steeped in the culture of enjoying a slice of cake with coffee at the café, this is my personal baggage. Like Ted Mosby in HIMYM, I can only look at the 5 star rating and balk: No can dosville, baby doll. No Can Dosville. (Apologies for taking any credit away from an otherwise excellent bakery) 

(*) Speaking of waiting: if the current Congress truly wanted to do some good for the people, they would instead institute a 30 minutes waiting period before a commercial establishment can serve a refrigerated buttercream cake... it should be professional malpractice not to do so.
Lily and Erin (the owners of ACW) are two sweeties who MAKE sweeties! The cupcakes are custom decorated - and the cake itself is moist and yum-a-licious. 

Need cupcakes for your kids party? Come here? Need something more upscale or elegant? Like for a wedding? They do that, too. A real find!

I especially love that I never have to bake again!  (I am lazy and need home-made cupcakes at least twice a year for my kids school) ACW to the rescue.

Give these ladies a try - MUCH better than Brown Betty!  (Sorry, Brown Betty - their cake is moister.)
What's that? You think is the cutest little red riding hood cake you've ever seen? Why yes, yes it is! Thanks to Cake Life we had an amazing Little Red inspired birthday cake for our babe!! The theme was perfectly centered around this amazing piece of art. On top of the detail, the cake itself was PHENOMENAL! All of our guests were floored by the look and flavor. 

All of the staff were so kind and friendly to work with and we couldn't be happier with the final product! We also bought cupcakes and they were also insanely delicious! 

We cannot thank Cake Life enough and this picture doesn't even do it justice!! Such amazing talent and we will definitely be ordering from Cake Life again! 

Also, the rival brothers espresso was deeeeelicious!!!! 

I can't wait to order our next cake!! Thank you Cake Life!
Beautiful shop; hands down one of the best ones I've ever seen. It's very modern and chic in a way. Love the creativity of the door handle being a rolling pin, the light fixtures as wire whip mixers, and incorporating the love sign into a beautiful center piece for the top back wall. Everything was very artsy and creative. I noticed the bright displays of cupcakes and assorted treats and most of all, the gorgeously decorated occasion cakes (HINT HINT: weddings are their specialty). They blew me away! It's like something you'd only see on TV! 

We couldn't resist ordering their uniquely flavored cupcakes. Chocolate cake with raspberry icing and lavender something with pistachio icing. Plus, if you find a purple center in your cupcake, you can get another one for free. (Definitely NOT a marketing scheme, but I admire the game even though we're being played.)

To get to the point: the first thing I tried was the icing.. it was literally so hard I had to dig my teeth into it to get a bite. I feel like I would've like it if it was softer and more like icing? The chocolate cake was like any other. My fiancée's cupcake was strange!! The icing literally tasted like stale, natural butter (or maybe more closely similar to lard!? If you ever tasted lard, you'll know that distinct flavor it has.) The icing was also hard as a rock. However, the lavender mixed (don't know what with) cake wasn't half bad, though nothing stood out to me as special.

Iffy on whether or not we'll be back. I want to like this place, but that just might be the pastry enthusiast in me talking.
This is very nice shop located on the ever evolving and vibrant Frankford Ave. Cake Life is bright with super high ceilings and a fair amount of seating. 

It was hard to make a decision as there were so many choices. We tried and corn bread blueberry cake and that was pretty unique and tasty. We also had something else that was really good but I can't recall. Both cakes were not overly sweet which we liked. Looking forward to returning to Cake Life to try some other items! They also serve coffee.
Where to start....

Back in September, I ordered an 8 inch BlackBerry Tahitian Vanilla Cake for my mother. It wasn't a special order or anything, just a reservation to hold one so I could pick it up the next day. I didn't bother to ask how much the cake was (my fault), but I figured that even though this is a more "gourmet" bakery, It couldn't be more than $50.00. Well, I was wrong. The cake was in the ballpark of $70.00 when I checked my credit card statement. If you're going to be charging that type of price for a cake in a display case, it better be worth it. The cake was decent, it was a vanilla cake with hints of blackberry and a blackberry buttercream. However, there was not enough blackberry flavoring and erred on the side of bland. It was NOT worth $70.00. 

Recently, my friends and I stopped by, because I heard rave reviews about their carrot caramel cake. They charge a whopping $7.50 to $9.00 a slice, and I don't mind splurging, but this pricing is just too much for what you get. We ordered a slice of the lemon thyme and a slice of the carrot cake, and the croissant snob in me ordered a pain au chocolat. The three of us enjoyed the lemon thyme, as it was nice and tangy with a punch of lemon flavor, and we loved the accompaniment of the honey goat cheese icing. The carrot cake was a disappointment. The cake a little too dense, and the cream cheese icing was offset by a very strong cinnamon/nutmeg flavor, which took the tang away from the cream cheese. The caramel "crunchies" did not help the flavoring, and the caramel buttercream was too sweet. Texture-wise, a dense and overly sweetened cake needs the tang from the cream cheese and crunch from nuts to offset it. The three of us were in agreement that this cake was not very good, and a couple walked by and asked us if we enjoyed the cake. We explained what we didn't like and they nodded in agreement. That's already five people critiquing the cake for the same reasons, so I would suggest changing the recipe. 

Lastly, the pain au chocolat was another disappointment. It tasted like a lovely piece of chewy bread, not a croissant. 

I get that this place is "trendy" because it's in Fishtown and caters to Beyonce and Lizzo, but if you take away the smoke and mirrors, what you have at the end of the day is a very over-priced bakery that is aesthetically pleasing to look at, but doesn't offer much substance. You can't sell me on all of the so-called organic ingredients you're offering in your baked goods if the end result does not deliver. The basics absolutely need to be mastered first.
Genuine interaction with an employee:
Employee: would you like anything?
Me: I'm not sure what each of these are...
[Note the cupcakes are not labeled]
Employee: it's self-explanatory.  You can use context clues to figure it out.
Me: ...

At that point I used context clues to leave.
We ordered a cake for a brunch we were throwing after our son's baptism.  Not a custom cake, just a pre-order of one they had in the case.  Ordered a week in advance, confirmed the order two days ahead of time.  I went to pick up the order Sunday morning, NO CAKE!  No explanation. No discount or refund.  They were able to offer the one intact cake from the case of a different kind as a substitute. I was forced to accept because, what else am I going to on a Sunday morning where I have 45 minutes to get everything else ready?

We specifically planned ahead and ordered from here because we knew we'd have a lot to do and little time to do it in.  The whole experience just added to our stress about pulling off our event, which is not something you want from your cake vendor.

The cake we got tasted fine.  But the poor organization and customer service means we won't be coming back.
Oh la la. The pastry!  I've only been here twice to take a little something to go but it's an adorable shop with a French flair so one of these days I'm going to sit down and stay awhile

The pastry is fantastic and a decent price. The cakes, though I havent bought one yet, are gorgeous and also fairly priced. I'm pretty sure in addition to selling whole cakes, the cakes are sold by the half and by the slice.  

On a side note, the last time I was there a couple was there for a wedding cake tasting. From what I overheard the flavor choices were unique and it was a really nice presentation!
Came here for the lemon bars, the beautiful cakes and stunning paper displays. The service is always so friendly and they also serve coffee. The space is bright and inviting so I enjoy sitting here with a friend or bring my work for a change of scenery.
The cake though --- it's dry for my taste. It makes me not want to eat it, but since you pay so much $$ for a slice, the frugal person in me feels guilty.
I also find everything to be very heavy or dense for my preference. However, I'm sure if you had a specific request, they can adjust it to your liking.
3.5 stars

Stopped in for a croissant which my toddler seemed to like.  They have scones, cookies, little Apple pies, etc.  One person working behind the counter was extremely sweet and the other was a complete bi*** unfortunately.
I never visit kitsch bakeries in the city cause I generally hate cake and find most desserts to be too sweet and overpriced.  Perhaps I shouldn't be such a curmudgeon about it, cause dammmmnnnn this place rocks.

Stopped in on a rainy Thursday night after dining at Bottle Bar for a sweet treat.  A) The rolling pin handles are adorable.  B) The place is brightly lit and clean and just screams "buy ALL the things."  C) It's not just cake!  Why I thought this, I don't know, but they offer everything from cookies to cupcakes to homemade poptarts to cinnamon rolls!

Okay, so they ARE pricey, but it's totally worth it. My parents got absolute units of cinnamon rolls, dripping in finesse (frosting).  I got my friend a gift of unicorn poop (rainbow colored meringue marshmallow things) and a gorgeous homemade card.  (I had to stop myself from buying all the cutesy gift/knick knack things they offered).  And for myself, I got a MASSIVE ginger snap cookie.  The last time I had a ginger snap cookie I was like 10 and had those hard ass ones you get at the grocery store in the old timey orange box that make your mouth sting from the spicy cardboard taste.  Forget that nonsense.  This cookie changed my life.

It took everything in my power to not devour it in the car ride home, but I managed to make it through the door before shoving it down my gullet (only after Instagramming it next to a whole roll of duct tape for scale to showcase its size).  

Holy hell, what a game changer in the ginger department.  I mean....gooey center, firm yet soft crackle on the outside, warm spices, crystalline sugar on top.  If only I savored it with a cup of tea, rather than eat it in 0.2 seconds standing over the kitchen island like a savage.

Overall, I'll definitely be back here.  Plus, they are super talented bakers (one of them was on Food Network's Best Baker in America AND they baked friggin' Queen B Beyonce's birthday cake!)
(to the tune of "Cake" by Flo Rida)

You know when I pass by, can't ignore the bright lights
Every treat is lit (though they're def. not free)
Everyone that's inside, nibbling on some good times
And if you have a chance, try everything you see

When you wanna show off
Bring at tart that goes off
I can't ever choose just one thing, yeah
Baked goods, yeah I want them all day, but heyyyy

You could bring these to a party...
Or, if you'd like, you can stay
Or you can leave with some goodies....
I only came for the cake.

Cake Life is just the dreamiest, and I made the mistake of moving so close that I pass by it daily. Oh well - my cross to bear. Whether it's a sweet ending to the night, or a treat to bring to a party, their baked tarts,  cupcakes, brownies, cookies, cakes, sausage rolls, rugelach, or kouign ammans always knock it out of the park. I truly haven't had a bad bite yet. The prices are a little steeper than your run-of-the-mill grocery store cake or pie, but (IMHO) you get what you pay for here, especially if you're eating in the shop. The charm factor is incredibly high, the Insta-potential is off the charts, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. PLUS they're always doing cool events where you can get a ticket for a guided tasting, or drink/pastry pairing - keep your eyes out!
I WILL NOT BE ORDERING MY WEDDING CAKE FROM HERE. I sent an inquiry through Cake Life's website about scheduling a cake tasting for my wedding. Ally responded describing the tasting and policy that they charge $45 for a tasting. If you decide you want to move forward with the cake there, the $45 will be deducted IF you spend over $750. After that initial email, I emailed 3 times and left a voicemail and called again before I finally was able to reach Ally via phone to get a date scheduled for my tasting. When I explained who I was and that I had been trying to reach out to book a date, she responded that since my wedding was so far away (it was a year in advance) that she didn't feel the need to rush. I was put off by her unapologetic response about getting back to me, but I pushed it off and went ahead and booked a date in April for my tasting. Three days before my tasting, I received an email from Ally saying that they have to reschedule my tasting, with no reasoning as to why. At that point, it was the last straw and I emailed her back right away explaining that it was a hassle to even get this appointment booked, and that I would like my money back. Again, no response from Ally...

The next day, I called the bakery and spoke to Ally. I explained that I would like my money back and that this is not the place I want my wedding cake from. I understand things come up, but a phone call explaining the situation would have been the right thing to do. Because I didn't get that, I can only assume that they needed to move my appointment to have a tasting for someone that was last minute. Why should my schedule change because I plan ahead?

I am very disappointed because I was really looking forward to the tasting and working with Cake Life for my wedding cake, but I would much rather work with a business that wants my business and treats their customers with respect. They need to teach their employees the basics of customer service.
This summer, Cake Life is offering up an innovative dessert and beverage pairing series! Every Thursday night through August 17th, Cake Like will be joined by a beverage expert to produce a flight of five pairings. I recently stopped by their cocktail pairing sponsored by Diageo, where reputed Friday, Saturday, Sunday bartender Paul MacDonald whipped up some great cocktails with some of Cake Life's off-menu creations.

The night begins with all your desserts presented at once. Essentially a master class in restraint as you wait on the respective pairings to be served! 

Course One 
Sunshower - Ketel 1, lemon, bergamot, honey, juniper, soda
Lemon Cake with Bergamot Creme Diplomat - Honey buttercream, fresh honeycomb 

Our first tipple was perfect for this particularly hot Philly summer night. The effervescence of the soda and the floral juniper notes helped to keep things light, with the honey tempering the vodka. Citrus from lemon and bergamot was a nice complement to the light, fluffy bergamot diplomat cream and honey buttercream interspersed within the lemon cake. The fresh honeycomb topping was definitely a nice touch! 

Course Two
False Colours - Tanqueray 10, dry vermouth, strawberry/cardamom shrub
Vanilla Cake with Strawberry-Vermouth Compote - Cardamom crumble, vanilla bean-mascarpone whipped cream

Big fan of Tanqueray No. 10, with it being distilled with citrus. This lent itself to meld nicely with the notes from the vinegar "shrub" that's all the rage these days. Dry vermouth helped to bring just enough booze back to enjoy with the bursts of sweet richness from the cardamom crumble atop the light vanilla cake. A gorgeously ripe strawberry with edible gold leaf helped to bring this over the top.

Course Three
Soup of the Day - Bulleit rye, lemon, dill, dry vermouth, black peppercorn, egg white
Savory Choux Puff - Caramelized onion-herb cream, everything bagel spice

For obvious reasons, the savory "intermezzo" course was my favorite of the night. Let's start off with what should easily be one of Cake Life's signature items! Forget bagels, eat choux puffs with your morning coffee. Emanating the best bite you've taken of an everything bagel with cream cheese, the savory caramelized onion-herb cream was a burst of joy within the puffs. The soup of the day was perhaps MacDonald's most technically intriguing and creative cocktail of the night, with the spice of the rye lightened by the lemon and dill. Egg white was set nicely with some olive oil, with some parsley and black peppercorn atop. 

Course Four
Things to Come - Bulleit bourbon, bitters, apple-molasses shrub
Rustic Sugarplum-Almond Galette - Bourbon caramel sauce

Expectedly, things took a subsequently sweet turn with a rustic almond galette, nicely crusted with plenty of sugar. A bourbon caramel sauce was glazed over and provided a nice interplay with the bourbon cocktail. Featuring Bulleit and an apple and molasses shrub, it's clear why apple pies and bourbon caramel go so well together! 

Course Five
High Society - Zapaca 23, honey, early grey tea, lime
Rum-soaked Chocolate Chip Baba au Rhum - Lime-spiked creme chantilly

And when I thought I couldn't have another bite, the finale came in the form of a rum-soaked chocolate chip baba au rhum that was moist, but with a bit of heft. It was paired with a cocktail centered on Zapaca 23, which features a blend of rums aged from 6 to 23 years. Certainly had more complexity beyond raisins and butterscotch. Served room temperature, the Earl Grey essence was allowed to shine through and was a nice way to ease into the summer night. 

And before you leave, Cake Life & Digeo was great about ensuring that everyone was fully capable of getting home, fully plied with plenty of booze and sugar. And of course, because we are talking about Philly's own Cupcake Wars winners, Lily & Nima sent us off with some cupcakes to enjoy! 

Cake Life's Summer Dessert & Booze Pairing is certainly a great event to come with your friends, but is also a wonderful way to meet new ones! 

Pro-Tip: Cake Life is BYO! If you're unavailable for these summer pairings, bring your favorite bottle and ask for the perfect dessert pairing!
OH MY GOODNESS!  I went to a party where they had a huge order of cupcakes from here and a flourless chocolate cake, and this stuff was outrageously good!  Everything was elegantly and simply decorated with just the right delicate details.

The strawberry shortcake cupake was a crowd favorite.  I adored the light and airy whipped frosting with just a minimal touch of sweetness.  The swiss meringue buttercream on the lemon cupcake was pure perfection.  All of the cupcakes were super moist and fluffy.  My only complaint is that the red velvet frosting was cloyingly sweet, but I am not a cream cheese frosting fan anyway.  

The flourless chocolate cake was like the richest, most chocolatey delish piece of divine sugar seduction imagineable.  What woman hasn't had a flourless chocolate cake, right?  But this one was full of such a rich variety of textures--creamy, fudgey, chewy, dense, and all delightfully rich in chocolate goodness.  There was a dense, rich, crust-like bottom of dark, dense, fudgey ganache goodness that was creamy and firm at once, there was even a thick, creamy dark chocolate fudge layer over the main cake portion.  It was all just pure perfection.  The whipped cream and perfectly ripe strawberry accompaniment to all the chocolatey goodness.  

I have never seen or tasted bakery cupcakes this good.  Wow!  I will definitely be checking this place out for myself.  They were a total hit with everyone.  I wish we could fly some down to VA, that is how amazingly delicious everything was.  The sweetness, texture, and richness of the frosting was perfection in a way that is rarely.  achieved , thay coming from someone who usually skips the frosting, but none of these were topped with a basic buttercream.  It was all a special blend to achieve just the right taste and texture.  Loved it!
I'm going to be basic and say... I CAN'T EVEN. This bakery is everything. Wish I lived closer to the area because I'd come here for a pastry everyday. 

When you walk in, it's bright and spacious. I'm a sucker for natural light. I was amazed with the decor and the color scheme. It's modern, clean and aesthetically pleasing. 

I ordered a small hot matcha latte ($4) and a citrus bar ($3.50) and both were excellent. The citrus bar was packed full of lemon flavor. It was a refreshing summer dessert. Everything else looked delicious, too. 
The matcha latte had art on top made from steamed milk. Only the most perfect looking latte! I hated that I had to mess it up. The barista asked if I wanted it sweetened or unsweetened. 

There is a bar of sugars, syrups, stirrers, napkins, utensils, etc. They also have small items like party hats, chocolate and mugs for sale. All of the essentials for a party. 

Honestly, I didn't know Cake Life existed and I'm glad I do. I want to return to try other items! Recommend if you need a birthday cake, too. The cakes look irresistible.
Maybe it's just me but it doesn't seem like there are enough good cake shops in Philadelphia. I love most cakes but some cakes just aren't as good as others. For good cakes, we usually go to Paris Baguette, but it is a bit of a distance and looking for parking in Chinatown or Center City is usually a pain. We were recommended by friends to check out Cake Life, and were not disappointed. Having Cake Life in the vicinity is a huge plus, and you'll definitely has less people studying there. It makes for a nice date spot for two people sharing desserts or if you just want to enjoy some sweets and drink coffee. I want to say the cakes here are about the same level as Whole Foods cakes which I am also a big, big fan of. The only downside of Cake Life is that it closes kinda early :\
I am a big fan of their dinosaur shaped sugar cookies and would go out of my way to get them any chance I can get. Wife was not exactly enthralled with her croissant, though.
This cheery, bright place is sure to put a smile on your face as you walk in the door (even during covid) The owners are welcoming and make you feel like neighbors right away.  The ambiance and the staff alone are worth the visit but they only the beginning.  The baked goods are made with such love. Their passion and craftsmanship can be savored in every bite. I'm smitten.
I really do love this place because the pastries are really good, I mean seriously, I bought my birthday cake from here every year for the past couple years, but I really am not fond of the people behind the counter. They aren't friendly, never acknowledge you when you walk in. The woman at the counter yesterday didn't acknowledge me until I literally walked up to the payment portion of the counter and then asked me "did you want to buy something" like what kind of ridiculous question? I've been standing here for 5 minutes waiting near the case for one of you three women to help me. They really need to learn how to address guest since it's not their strong point. 

I ALWAYS suggest this place to people looking for amazing baked goods, but honestly I'm going to stop. It gave my friend I brought with me a really bad taste in her mouth and she chalked it up to us being people of color, but I try to not jump to conclusions, I think the women behind the counter were just unfriendly and rude. 

Unfortunately, there's not many bakeries that come close to delivering the quality of chocolate cake that they do. 

My personal favorite: The Fiesta Cake
Vibes: bright, pastel, relaxed, cute 

Tasting notes:
-Honey lavender: four layers of sweet, not overly syrup-y, fluffy cake alternating with thick layers of firm frosting; taste of honey was prominent in the  cake; frosting was a bit much for me by the tenth bite
-Campfire cocoa: frosting was light and did not overpower the lusciously rich chocolate cake; loved that there was a torched marshmallow on top

Other thoughts:
-lots of seating with big square tables, perfect for people who want to stay for a sweet bite and coffee, maybe over an afternoon read or some work (though I did not spot any outlets)
-loved that there were so many cake flavors available by the slice, mini-cake, or big cake! 
-I haven't been to many bakeries around Philly, but this is the first that I've seen kouign amann (in multiple types too!), which I've only had previously at Dominque Ansel's in NYC-something for me to come back for among many other decadent treats!
This place has beautiful decor. It's warm and inviting. I found the employees friendly and helpful. I ordered a cupcake at 1:00 pm on a Sunday. It was however cold and not enjoyable at the moment because the frosting was hard and the cake was firm.
Two stars for a beautiful shop and very pretty pastries. But unfortunately beauty is skin deep because the pastries are super underwhelming. I've been twice and even drunk me was disappointed. The cupcakes lack any real flavor and the icing is the same disappointment. The cookie was huge but what's the point of a big cookie if you don't want to eat it? I had high hopes but honestly there are way better bakeries around the city. 

Tl;dr stuff looks pretty but mostly tastes like a big nothing. Disappointment.
Read about this place since i am a Beehive cardholder (re: Beyonce got her bday cake from here during her tour).   After looking at yelp for more info, the pictures and designs were amazing i started to consider this place for my daughter's birthday cake.  We were looking for a Moana themed cake!

I am always worried about a) trying a new cake place especially since we had a solid one back in Cherry Hill (sweet eat), and also b) a lot of places that do amazing designs actually do horrible tasting cakes.

Before selecting this place, i ended up going to the store with my daughter to try a few of the cakes.  The red velvet was the cake of the month and also happened to be our first option.  Result: Amazing cake! Sold! Sign me up!

We worked with Chloe who helped us pick all of the options (and be prepared because there is a lot).  She was very easy to work with and super helpful.  She helped us with the design by showing us options and giving us ideas.  

The cakes are a bit pricy however they are worth the cost based on the design and quality of the cake!! 

I would recommend this place for special bday parties or wedding cakes!
I really wish yelp would force places to state if they were wheelchair friendly or not but when you have people stare at you outside of their place of business and see your wheelchair and ignore you, you have a problem. I would have loved to have tries this place out but no service was offered.
Was in the other night around 6, the lady working the counter was very pleasant however the other lady that was wrapping up cakes and left over pastries was very rude, I had asked for coffee and was told "NO, we don't have any! I could see on the board that they sell it, rather than argue with her I just left. Very disappointing experience!
Raspberry early grey cake you make me sooooo happy! The icing, the actual cake and the thin layer of the early grey icing mMmMmmm

One of the best cakes I've ever had! Beautiful cakes on display as well. I want to try the cupcakes and other treats they have. Beyonce got her birthday cake here... just saying.

One recommendation I would have is that I wish they would have a whipped icing, I've always loved fresh whipped icing on fresh fruit cake. So light and refreshing!
I stopped here last weekend with a friend. I love this place. It is so cute... The door handle is a rolling pin, it has great decorations and samples decorative cakes. They sell cards, candles, party hats. They have been on cupcakes wars but of course I tried a cookie.. I know epic fail on my part. My friend has the red velvet and loved it. I had a suave sugar that was good. I will absolutely return! The staff is so friendly and patient.
If you want the best wedding cake tasting experience of your life be sure too book one with Cake Life! We were able to mix and match a large variety of cakes, fillings and frostings to come up with the perfect cake for our day. We had a great time creating something unique for our event.

We had everything delivered on the day of our wedding and it was set up just as we had requested it. The staff is super friendly and very passionate about what they do.
The vegan pecan turtle bar was by far the BEST vegan baked good I have ever consumed. My non-vegan girlfriend was also impressed. She also loved the poptart that they recommended for her. If they added more vegan options to their daily menu, I would not complain!!
the goods (i.e., the cupcakes!):

best birthday EVER made more best with A Cupcake Wonderland's vegan lemon cupcakes and vegan espresso cupcakes (with the whole coffee beans on top. :) i really tried to share but i'm pretty sure i ate like 9 out of the dozen -- high-5! every single cupcake was baked perfection, beautiful to look at and perfect texture to eat -- very important not to compromise any of this for the vegans! :)

client service:

principled. and that is seriously the highest praise. there was actually a glitch with the order, a technology/communication problem really that compromised voicemail messages, nobody's fault. Our order was placed from New York for an event in Philly, and when we arrived at A Cupcake Wonderland (ACW) for pickup, there was no one to meet us. We couldn't wait around so we headed off to our picnic cupcakeless.

ACW called us back right away, apologized, and offered to make the order and hand-deliver to our door that night for free. they even waived the cost of the cupcakes (!) and wouldn't accept a tip. honestly, i was surprised anyone eve called us back; that's how bad my client service experiences have been lately.

i think ACW really showed respect and empathy for how emotional cupcakes can make us, and how a business error can ruin someone's birthday/wedding/etc. -- yes, mistakes will happen and it's good to know that ACW will get you your goods in the end, whatever it takes. getting us those cupcakes was clearly not simply a financial priority for them -- they were losing money; their priority i think is their relationship with their client. they've made a fan and customer for life here.

thanks ACW!
The almond croissant is big and very crusty. You definitely get the crunch of the flakiness. The almond filling is a smear of buttery crushed almond. Not my cup of tea. I prefer more fillings. My favorite is still Swiss House bakery. But if you are into garden crunchy croissant, you will like it.
Ever since they opened their location on Frankford Ave, this bakery has really blown up. Then, Beyonce had to go and order from here. The prices are a little steep, but you get exceptional quality. The detail that goes into this shop is amazing. (Side note: my friend ordered birthday cupcakes in the "same style that Beyonce's cake was" and be wary that the black icing used turned all our mouths black!)

We stopped in here last weekend on a whim and came out with so many delicious impulse buys. We got a chocolate-almond bar with an amazing custard filling. The bottom was a layer of coconuty almond crust, then a thick layer of custard, topped with a thin layer of chocolate shell. Ah-maz-ing. It really exceeded my expectations. 

Of course, that wasn't all though. Our main objective was a cupcake. The flavor that stuck out most was tiramisu. The frosting was perfection - not too sweet. The cake itself could have used a little more of a coffee flavor if you ask me, but the consistency was soft, light, and moist. To top off our purchase, I saw locally made Mecha caramels at the counter and my boyfriend happily threw it into the mix. 

I'm so happy to be supporting this LGBTQ+ owned business and hope to see its success continue for a long time to come!
My wife was actually contacted by the owner Lily after discussing our earlier experience in a local facebook group.  She was able to go in and talk to her about our experience and some of the considerable challenges Lily had opening her business.  The owner made a concerted effort to make things right and it turned out to be a pretty cool conversation.  It really turned our opinion around and we'll definitely be back in the future.
Popped in here recently when we did a day trip to Philly with some friends. They have one of my all time fave pastries that not many places make other than in France - the coveted kouign amman!!

We picked up 3 pastries to go:

Classic Kouign Amann 
Crunchy and flaky! Just enough sweetness in each bite without being overwhelming 

Cardamom Kouign Amann
This one was a little bit on the sweeter side for me. I would prob stick to the classic kouign amman 

Monkey Bread 
This was really good! Gooey and flaky. 

I would def pop in here again next time I'm in the area for some kouigns and monkey bread. There were a few other items that caught my eye that I'd love to pick up to try as well!

Shop is bright and clean with a really cute vibe. The staff is friendly and patient. They know their product well. I will be back!!!
My wife and I decided to have our wedding in northern Philadelphia... In a 150 year old factory boiler room...  with a carnival theme.  This is the basic information that we passed along to Lily and Nima for them to develop a strategy for cakes. We wanted to give our vendors some room to be creative but make sure that everything would also taste and look great. GRAND SLAM! When I walked into the reception area of our wedding one of the first things I came across was a table with 7 beautifully designed cakes that fit our theme so perfectly! When it came time and I actually got to try them I was delighted to find out that they tasted as good they looked! I have had several of my family members and close friends tell me that the carrot cake was the best that they have ever had in their life.  Go through one of their tastings and I guarantee that you will be doing business with them.  For pictures of the cakes and more check out #globedyeworkswedding on instagram.
I've been following this bakery in social for a few months now, and was gifted a cupcake a few months ago by my barber. It was stellar. But the other day I stopped in for the first time to grab a snack and a coffee. I was blown away by the selection, the quality, the look and feel of the place and most of all the service. I ended up dropping $20 on baked goods and coffee and have been enjoying the snacks all week. Their Nanaimo Bars are the best I've ever had and the chocolate croissant was off the hook. The flaky, buttery layers and lamination were on point, and it was chock full of rich, quality chocolate. I've now eaten my way through my snack horde and need to go back for a re-fill. I think this may become a weekly indulgence. I'd give 6 stars if i could. Mwah!
I read about this pastry shop quite a while ago and purposed to visit. While this isn't in my direct neighborhood this is not far from my home. While heading out to go shopping, I made a stop to try the pastries here.

From the moment I entered the staff was friendly & helpful. I watched as fresh pastries were brought out from the back & placed on the shelves. There were so many options and choices I found it hard to decide but settled down on a few items to try. I purchased a sticky bun, chunky banana nut muffin, and a bourbon pecan cookie. 

After paying for my purchase the owner of manager inquired as to whether it was my 1st tume there and asked had I tried the apple kodign amann. When I stated no, she gave me one.... OMG - this french pastry was the most sweet and delectable pastry I have ever eaten! This pastey reminded me of a layered croissant filled with carmelized apples. 

Later I tasted the sticky bun and was so impressed. The sticky bun was light and was topped with the perfect combination of caramel & pecans. I haven't yet tasted the muffin or cookie but I am waiting in anticipation for the dance my tastebuds will probably do....
I thorough enjoy the atmosphere of this bakery! Makes me just want to put on an apron and whip up a cake...however it wouldn't look as lovely as all the cakes here! They have everything from cakes and cupcakes to croissants and hand pies. You can dine in or get your goodies to go. I wasn't a huge fan of the red velvet and some of the bars are VERY rich. 

I'm not a huge fan of chocolate cake but I really enjoy Cake Life Bake Shop's chocolate cake, i would totally recommend it in any variation.
Their cupcakes are amazing!  I'm vegan, so I've only had vegan cupcakes, but I loved them!  They were fun to watch on Cupcake Wars and Cupcake Champions - but even more fun to eat their cupcakes!  I hired them for a going away party for a co-worker and they did our logos on the cupcakes. I also went to a baby shower where they did totally cute pea pod designs.  I follow them on facebook and just saw the AMAZING muppet cupcakes.  Delicious local business that is artsy and has a lot of heart!  Totally recommended!
They have some really visionary treats - especially loved the idea of purple and blue, whimsical meringues labelled "unicorn poops."

Loved the many layered, lemon soaked sponge cake.  Each dessert in the display showed such a labor of love and craft.

Only reason I'm removing a star is that I agree with Neelam that the staff is not very warm or welcoming.  Was there 11/19 (in case this help the owner determine the staff) around 2p and the lady with glasses was fine - although not welcoming.  However, the lady with long black hair with blue mixed in was notably discomforting.  She did respond hello when my husband and I chirped this at her and looked sullen the whole time.  Made us rather uneasy.
What an amazing experience! Would highly recommend considering for any wedding cake tastings. 

The staff was friendly and helpful. 

They have such a creative and unique variety of pastry and cake options.

Colorful storefront, very inviting, cool music playing, nice place to just pop in, relax, and enjoy some sweets.

We only tried their cakes for our wedding, but they were top of the line. The cake itself is moist and packed with flavor. Their icings were DELICIOUS - every single one. It was hard to pick what our top option was, but they have classics, seasonal, and some others that are daring combinations like the honey goat cheese (which was slamming!)

Coffee was solid as well!

If in Fishtown, absolutely worth stopping by.
Pretty disappointed. I ordered a rose pistachio cake to celebrate our anniversary. When I brought it home, I realized how unprofessional & not uniform the writing looked. Plus, they misspelled the word "anniversary"!!! Look, there is no "r"! I am beyond baffled how this happened. I had to remove all the letters from the cake before serving it because it looked ridiculous. 

I think I would have had a better experience if I'd gone to Whole Foods last minute and asked them to write on a cake picked from the display. With all the hype this bakery has, I expected more.
A Cupcake Wonderland provided the desserts for our wedding! They were simply the best ever; from their personalities and professionalism to the set up to the actual delicious treats. From day one, they were open to listening to our suggestions and needs and came up with really creative ideas. We had a tasting and we were able to invite my parents (which was great) and we got to try different cakes with different creams. We ended up doing cupcakes and brownies for the guests and then we also made a small cake that we could cut into - and save for our year anniversary. They came up with great ideas to go along with the decor at the rest of our wedding and really, people still talk to me about just how delicious our deserts were! Two years later. Anytime we go to Philadelphia, we try to place an order for cupcakes and whatever seasonal items they have. Sometimes coworkers also place orders and we bring them back to NY! 

I have not found a cupcake or brownie I like better which is horrible because I live so far from Philly. It is sad. I AM SAD.
Want a treat or a nice mini gift for someone? This is the perfect place! Everything I've had from here (cupcakes, croissants, cookies) has been quality and delicious. There's a decent selection of like 15-20 items, mostly sweet but some savory. Everything is cute and looks like it was made with care--not very "boutique"-y looking, but neater/prettier than average bakery stuff (which is what makes them nice mini gifts to give). There are also some party-ish accessories, like candles. Prices are not too steep; worth it for the taste. Definitely come here when you need a little sweet reward!
We loved everything we ordered. I wish I could get one of each of everything. My daughter loved there cupcakes she ordered another. We will definitely return. The prices were ok too.
this place has the best cake ive ever had thats not a korean/japanese cake. the cake is SUPER soft and SUPER moist, but not dense at all! they have a ton of flavors on display, and you can order it by the slice or the entire cake (might as well).  they have a lot of classic flavors reimagined to something even better.  they also have samplings (pretty good chunks) of their cakes by the register if you wanted to taste before purchasing!  all the other desserts are bomb too! and pastries (get their croissants!!).

i am definitely coming back to eat more dessert. honestly hands down the best cake ive had in Philly. everyone is super friendly as well!
This place is great! First when you walk in the place is very modern, clean and immaculate. They had a nice variety of baked goods. We went with 2 cupcakes, one pumpkin, one coconut. They were slamming! The pumpkin was a bit much with the maple icing but it was good. We also went with an Apple hand pie, also very good! The place is a bit expensive at $3.00 for a cupcake and $5.00 for a small hand pie but it's expected in that area. We will stop back in, it's worth it.
Waking up this thanksgiving morning was especially wonderful, thanks to my son going to get morning pastries from Cake Life!!  ok, so i like a croissant w coffee but a flakey croissant filled with chive cream cheese is brilliant and such a mouth watering delight on the palate....mmmm thanks!!...ok, so next taste treat was a apple n cheese pastry...wow, so lovely have sweet n savory....and finally, but not least, the fig n walnut coffee cake...mmmmm great density and warm w great balanced flavors in each bite....i am soooo totally thankful...
After devouring a big plate of meat at Kensington quarters my party and I wandered in here to check out the goods. I loved the happy atmosphere.  I was wowed by  some of the beautifully decorated cakes on display. We got a few cupcakes and some cookies. Everything was very tasty.
There are many good things about getting married. Well, that's what people tell me. Mostly it's bickering about the guest list and trying to be "honest" with my partner about her friends. You can imagine how well this turns out.

Now, wedding cake tasting? AMAZING. A Cupcake Wonderland? Double AMAZING!!

Lily and Nima are incredibly talented, fun, and friendly. They listened to our preferences ahead of time, set out five different cake flavors, a dozen different fillings (curds, compotes, ganaches), and another dozen frosting types! So delicious! They also use only all-natural ingredients and make everything from scratch. Highlights included a mascarpone frosting, lemon curd, a carrot cake with cardamom (I don't even like carrot cake and this was amazing). Chocolate-peanut butter was another excellent combination. 

If only the guest list tasted this good.
Honestly, I was overwhelmed walking in because everything looked so good. I was set on getting a cupcake but my friend mentioned he was getting a slice of cake. That's a thing?! Screw the cupcake, let me get a slice of cake too! In addition to that I got a chocolate chip sea salt cookie and a  sugar cookie.

I ended up getting a slice of the vanilla cake with vanilla buttercream.  I had a few bites straight out the fridge but figured it would be best enjoyed at room temp (the icing was a little too hard) I was right, it was way better the next day. I really enjoyed the cake part but I actually was looking for a sweeter buttercream. Call me crazy, maybe my sweet tooth was off that day lol. Not that it was bad, I was just surprised at how not sweet it was. 

The chocolate chip cookie with sea salt was amazing ALMOST on par with La Gourmand (for my Torontonians) but this just had way too many walnuts. It would have been perfect if the walnuts were a bit more sparse.

I think my dinosaur cookie was the best thing. The cookie was perfect. Nice soft texture with that perfect buttery flavour. I could have eaten 3 in one sitting. I also love that it was a dinosaur because I'm obsessed with dinosaurs. 

 I had a bite of my friend's honey shortbread and it was amazing. Omg. I'm mad I didn't get one for myself but I hope this is something they still serve, the next time I come.

We hope to come back soon in the new year!
I've been here twice (a year a part) and absolutely love it. I only wish I had lived closer so I could go more often. I still remember the apple strudel type dessert my friend and I shared the first time. It's really hard to choose between the variety of items they offer. Probably one of the most unique offerings I've ever seen.

The second more recent time I went, I had an everything croissant. A croissant stuffed with a savory cream and topped with everything spicing. I also packed a sea salt walnut chocolate chip cookie and a Nanaimo bar which is a speciality from Vancouver combining chocolate, custard, and a wafer/coconut base. Very unique! This specific dessert also just won "best dessert you've never heard of" for best of Philly 2018! Everything I had was amazing and unique! 

I have to go back and try the cakes, they look and sound amazing. My friend also ordered a cake from here recently and raves about it. Philly fav for sure! can't wait to go back and try some more things. Ps. Probably old news by now but Beyoncé also ordered a cake from here once!
My husband and I bought a smattering of different treats from Cake Life Bake Shop, and were completely underwhelmed.  The chocolate peanut butter square was very dry and hard to bite.  The chocolate part wasn't very chocolate-y, and the peanut butter parts kept falling off the top.  The chocolate brownie-cookie thing was also very dry, sweet but not very chocolate-y.  The turtle bar was overwhelmingly sweet, dry, and very hard to bite.  Are you sensing a theme?

The one standout was the lime cheesecake square, which was a good texture and delicious!

We also bought a birthday cake for my niece, the Fiesta cake, which is chocolate with cream cheese frosting, butter cream, and sprinkles.  The cream cheese frosting was super-sweet, and there was a LOT of frosting in general, between that and the buttercream.  When we were done celebrating my niece's birthday, everyone's plate had a lot of frosting left on it, where they'd scraped it off the chocolate cake part.  

This business is 100% NOT WHEELCHAIR-ACCESSIBLE:  The entrance is up a flight of stairs.

The store itself is well-lit, feels clean, and the employees are friendly and helpful.  But at the end of the day, the lack of wheelchair-accessibility and overly-sweet, sometimes dry baked goods make me uninterested in purchasing anything else from Cake Life.  It is possible that someone able-bodied with different taste buds from mine will enjoy the products of this bakery more than I did.
Yes, yes, yes, I love this place and recommend you give it a try if you're in the neighborhood!

There's a good selection of desserts here, ranging from lemon bars, giant chocolate chip cookies, cake by the slice, brownies, and blondies.  My friend and I were visiting from out of town and popped in to check it out.  I got a pumpkin cheesecake blondie and my friend got a chocolate chip cookie and a slice of he fiesta cake.  The blondie was amazing, not too sweet, and decorated in a way that made it look special.  

I'm not a huge cake fan, but the icing on the Fiesta Cake was perfect, it was what buttercream should be.  It's a very eye catching cake.  We split the cookie the next day, and it was still fresh and soft in the center.  It had a generous amount of chocolate chunks in it.  We totally loved it.

One of the great things about Cake Life is it does not have a pretentious vibe.  Everything is made from scratch and with TLC.  It's a laidback vibe, and the people that work here definitely seem like they enjoy working there.  

Lastly, they make geode cakes.  They have one in display.  Check it out, it's rad.
This is one of those bakeries where when you walk in, you want one of everything ... not many bakeries offer that feeling. 

I mean my god, chocolate chip cookies,chocolate chocolate chip cookies,brownies,cakes, lemon bars the list goes on... I mean damn, It all looked so good. 

I even asked the counter girl how it's possible to pick just 1 or 2 things ?? she felt my pain. 

I picked up a vanilla bday cake for my wife and a chocolate chip cookie for the drive home. (I ran it off later)

I posted pics of the cake... my wife and I both agreed it was the best looking cake we've ever had. period. The icing was done perfectly. 

We then wondered if it was going to taste as good as it looks ... It did. 

The icing is different than I'm used to ( my wife claims it's "boiled frosting" - she's an avid baker) it's not our usual buttercream that we're used to ... I'm 100% ok with that. It was delicious.
The cake was also very flavorful (and hate to use it "moist") 

All in all 5 stars. 

I can't wait to stop back in here.
If it's good enough for Queen Bey, it's good enough for me. And Cake Life lives up to all the hype it's received. Located on Frankford Ave, the bakery itself is bright and modern with a large selection of pastries, cake, and cookies, and coffee from Rival Bros. My favorite is the walnut chocolate chip cookie (which is reminiscent of the famed Levain cookies, crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside). But honestly, everything is delicious! If you're ever in the area, and even if you aren't, I highly recommend stopping in for a sweet treat!
Awesome place for unique flavored desserts! Most of their stuff is around $3-7 with larger cakes being around the $25-35 range. 

I tried their chai cheesecake bar which was nicely spiced and creamy. The dulce de leche truffletart is dense and delicious with a nice earthy coffee taste. I've also had the cranberry swirl cheesecake that had an amazing flavor and texture. Their desserts are super yummy but some are a little too sweet for me, so it's hard to eat a whole piece in one sitting - though that just means more to savor for later! 

A very cute bakery for single serving desserts or larger cakes for hosting. I'll definitely be back to try more!
I was in the area..for La Columbe..took a stroll here..
Such cute spot.i haven't really been eating a lot of any bread or it's cousins for over a year.. slowly eat a little here and there.had nice variety & saw*** kouign-amann **
HAD to get it!!
Will do extra cardio tomorrow burn that off..
It was everything I thought it would be & More!!
Holy croissant & flaky caramelized layers in one!!To die for!!

Return factor: probably Yes- just not all the time..(inner fat girl- talking)
A delicious bakery with great service!  I've eaten too many red velvet cupcakes from here. My first time visiting the bakery, I stopped in before they were closing and wanted to pick up a cupcake, but had plans for dinner after my quick stop. The employee nicely offered to give me some cookies for free to I entice the restaurant I was going to to keep my cupcake in the fridge so the icing wouldn't melt!
Not enough stars to give this place!

Let's start with entering: the door handle is a rolling pin! I mean, could it get any cuter?! I think not.

I love the inside of this place: high ceilings and tons of candles and cake decor to purchase, tons of cupcakes, cookies and bars as well!

I ended up ordering a ton of stuff to go: I got the hot chocolate cupcake (one of the BEST cupcakes I have ever had!), a chocolate cupcake with vanilla buttercream, vanilla cupcake with vanilla buttercream, carrot cake cupcake with vanilla buttercream, a gingersnap cookie, a chocolate crossiant and a citrus bar. Everything was AMAZING. So well made and not overly sweet. Great ingredients and all so fresh!

I also was so excited to see they had fresh oat milk. I got an oat milk hot chocolate to go and it was REALLY good! 

The two girls working here when I came in were also super friendly and helpful as well. One of my favorite places in Philly and favorite dessert places I have ever been to - hands down. Can't wait to come back!
I love it when a street has multiple offerings. My Saturday started with caffeine across the street (La Colombe in case you were wondering) and I love to pair a hot cup with something otherworldly sweet. To clarify, I hate diabetic sweet desserts, I just seek the ones that make me Mmmmm-oan!

A friend insisted I order the "Nanaimo Bar". It really looked ordinary (unusual, since I usually brave the strange, but baked goods is not a territory I like to so bravely explore), so thought it was a safe bet. The hard chocolate ganache invites me to crack it's pristine top, then contact with the creamy vanilla custard middle. I need the entire experience though so I venture further to the coconut biscuit crust. *Clink*. That's my cue, time to bring these medley of textures and flavors to my mouth. There's absolutely no amount of description that can capture the buttery, nutty, chocolatey, smooth, creamy, and delightfully crunchy experience I had. You just have to try it. 

I had a moment of silence after that bite. I've never encountered anything like it it any bakery I've ventured. 

Apparently Jay-Z got Beyonce's birthday cake here. If it's fit for the queen, it's fit for us peasants.
Came here to order the latte listed on their specials menu. When ordered though, the server looked extremely confused. She looked at the menu, then looked at me, looked at the menu, looked back at me, and responded, "umm... sure, I guess I could make that." Not so comforting when I'm ordering a $6 drink, which in fact did come out tasting a bit odd. Maybe will come again to try their treats, but would not order drinks here again.
Was looking for a specialty birthday cake that was fun and a cake that when you look at it just makes you smile. The cake was absolutely beautiful everyone loved the fact that when you cut it everything started to come out of the middle of the cake, it was so cool. The cake was moist and very delicious. Cake life definitely nailed it with this cake and gave me exactly what I was looking for and I could not be happier. I loved my cake.
Walking down Frankford, I've always walked past this shop but never actually went in to try it out. After having a big lunch, I needed something to satisfy my sweet tooth. So here I am, and I must say I'm pleased with not only the delicious dessert options, but the aesthetics of the place as well. 

The flowers and decor of the shop really give off this delightful warm feeling. There are cute little items that you can buy like candles and other decorations. I also brought a friend with me, as there is seating. 

The dessert options are the amount I would've expected from a small shop as this one. I selected some cakes and cookies that were delicious. Vegan options! They have complimentary water which I got, but they also have coffee options. 

I would recommend this spot to anyone seeking a quiet and cozy area to enjoy a sweet treat. Whether it be for breakfast or throughout the rest of the day. The staff there were also so sweet and friendly!
This place is phenomenal, a real visual feast. Cakes by the slice, or whole, but that's only half of it. Their bars, cupcakes, and other pastries look incredible and the few I've tried were fantastic. It's the variety, the creamy-not-overly-sugary buttercream, dense cake and layers, cool new flavors I see every time I visit that gets me. Also apparently they did a cake for Beyonce once. Not that surprised. Their cakes look like works of art. This is the kind of place I'd order a cake for some special occasion when the time comes.
An incredible addition the neighborhood -- delicious cakes, pastries and savory fare such as sausage rolls (a personal favorite) but the highlight in my opinion is the quiche!

The owners are lovely and really care about their guests and the community.

Open late on Friday and Saturdays.

Must eat(s):
-Citrus bar
-Quiche
-Sausage rolls
-Lemon raspberry cake
-key lime pie
-Unicorn poop (a great gift pack is available)

Hot tip: they also boast a cute selection of cards, cake toppers, etc.
We stumbled upon this place while walking along Frankford Avenue. SO CUTE. The aesthetic inside is charming and all of their sweets are super yummy. I got a citrus square and the 3.50 price tag looked to be a bit much, but I couldn't even finish the square alone. So flavorful and hefty. Both of the girls working the counter were very helpful and fun to converse with. Will definitely be back next time I come down to Fishtown!
Walking in not quite sure what to get, the decision made harder by the amazing selection. How do I make a tough decision? Easy, just order every tart as well as some cookies and apple turnovers. So far every selection has been absolutely fantastic. It'll be tough to sample and judge the remaining haul, somehow I'll muddle through.
I find Cake Life's cakes to be excellent. They have a very subtle flavor. The texture is perfect, not to airy or dense.  Moist. The icing,  creamy.  Perfect with coffee. This is a bakery for a more refined palate.
Their cupcakes are really, really, INSANELY delicious. Both my husband and I agreed they were the best cupcakes we had ever tasted. They use very high quality ingredients like European butter for their butter cream icing and fresh fruits for their compotes. You cannot get any better than that people. I will never eat another supermarket cupcake ever again. You can get classic cupcakes or unique exotic ones. We tasted a pistachio cupcake with honey goat cheese icing that was yummy to the extreme!!!!!  Also, Lily and Nima are wonderful, adorable, professional, and very helpful. We ordered our wedding cake from them and everyone agreed that the cake was unbelievably delicious. I can't wait for the next birthday party because we will definetly use ACW again!!
My friend and I had a fun gluttonous experience here. It's a great bake shop with sweet and savory options and the best coffee in the city from Rival Brothers.
I'm obsessed with this place! My friends and I found it by chance when we were dejectedly leaving Weckerly's (after finding out it isn't open on Sunday mornings). Mornings are apparently the best time to go to Cake Life, because they sell out of things quickly. When we arrived around 10 AM, the shelves were overflowing with an amazing array of baked goods (cakes and otherwise, including some savory items). After MUCH deliberation, I went with a chocolate pistachio cupcake with mascarpone frosting (delicious) and a caramel pecan bar (even better). As if that's not enough, they also have pleasant surroundings and good tea and coffee.
My friend bought one of the honey lavender cakes for her birthday. I had to ask her where she got it since the sliver I had that night was delicious. Today, I went into Cake Life to get a slice for home. It's a clean, white shop just how I imagine my future kitchen to be and there were amazing cakes and bars and cookies in the case, even Nanaimo bars! I wish I could have gotten more but I had to stick to the cake slice I'd already ordered. About half the tables were occupied with people talking and eating, it's a neighborhood spot. I'm so sad yet so glad it's not closer to my house.
We walked in for the croissants which taste exactly like the ones we had in Paris! Not a dried out gigantic flavorless monster, but light, buttery and flakey--so good! Prices are a little high, but really there's no comparison in the area. 
Plus, they made me the most beautiful miniature raspberry lemon cake for my birthday. Hands down one of the most delicious cakes I've ever had!
What do I love most  about this place? Hmm 
A) the fact it's across from my favorite coffee shop
B)the fact it has amazing cakes and pastries
C)perfect atmosphere and aesthetic interior
D)kind and bubbly workers? 

Hmm how about all of the above? C:
I loved this place! It's so cute and cozy. I could see myself sitting in here for hours chatting it up with my best friend one day. This place is literally perfect! The only thing I wished was different were the prices of the deserts here. I wanted to try this cake they had that day (miniature cake version of their big cakes and pretty and perfect to cut up and eat with another friend) but it was like $21, so I went with other deserts they had. I loved it overall though! this place is definitely worth a visit.
The entire place made me wish I had more money and more time and more people with me to share it with. The cakes were gorgeous and the cupcakes were adorable. We went on a mission though so the Dino sugar cookies were our focus for my kiddos. I fell in love with the small lavender honey cake but before I could buy it someone else had it paid for and wrapped. Sad face. I settled for two cherry hand pies and a blueberry one to soothe my hurt feelings. I also bought a delicious cubano croissant that hand two cheeses, ham, and cornichon pickles wrapped up inside one of the most delicious savory croissants I've had in months. The croissants are worth fighting over. My littles loved the dino cookies and the unicorn poop but my daughter really loved perusing the party ready items sitting neatly displayed between the two pastry display cases. She thought the tall candles would go perfectly on her next bday cake. I agree. Even better, I think the Cake Life Bakery will be MAKING said bday cake come October. I can also think of some other special occasions they may see me for. I'm in love with this shop now. Between this place and The Kettle Black I think my baking days are done for the summer. Check out these pics for inspiration to visit The Cake Life
Everything we've bought here has been beautiful and so professionally done. It's a little pricey but worth it and everything is delicious!
Baked goods were mediocre and pricey. We're all about supporting small businesses so we went to support and check it out. Ordered chocolate croissant which wasn't offered to be heated, so the chocolate chunks were hard and cold. My husband ordered some other type of cheese cake, but I wasn't impressed. It's posh, but the staff there weren't friendly at all. Definitely did not knock my socks off.
I don't know if we just didn't try the right items, but nothing really stood out here. The honey lavender cake was nothing special. The cream was a bit too buttery for my liking. And the honey lavender combination in this cake tasted more pungent (think goat cheese) than fragrant. The unicorn poop cookies were adorable but tasteless (as meringue usually is, so I didn't think too much of this). And the goldfish treat was mediocre at best. I had high hopes for the bakeshop based on the cute interior and delicious looking pastries, but overall but wasn't impressed based on what we tried.
I went for a wedding cake tasting (as the MOG) and the bakery was immaculately clean, bright and cheery.  Best of all, there was a large selection of really delicious cakes, fillings and icings.  Our "hostess", Ally, who set up the tasting and thoroughly explained all of the options to the bride-to-be could not have been any nicer or more helpful. Ally even boxed up all of the samples we had not been able to finish eating to take home for my son and husband to taste.
The cakes are gorgeous and everything is made from scratch.  I can't wait to see and taste the wedding cake.  
Although I live in the Phila suburbs, I'll definitely be returning with my husband who loved the samples from Cake Life.
Highly recommend!!
giving 4 stars instead of 5 only because i haven't been to the shop yet to try any of the other amazing items!  Had the good fortune of finding a laden Cupcake Wonderland Table at a conference in Philly recently - seriously....heaven finding a sweet escape in the middle of a looooong workshop!  Try the bacon chedder scallion biscuit - fabulous.  the peanut butter brownie - omg so rich!  Now I've got to try one of those award winning cupcakes!  they're not cheap - nor should they be.  at $7 a pop at that table it was well worth it.
Wow! Very impressive confections and cakes. Highly recommended. The cool is made with care and artistry and the result of delicious. Apple bourbon cake was complex and not cloying, but boasted a lot of sweet flavor. Fruit tart was a sweet crust with a rich filling complimenting the tart berries. Red velvet cream-cheese-frosting topped cupcake was great! I love it. Very much recommended. Not too kid-friendly.
A ray of sunshine of a dreary, rainy Sunday. The best Nanaimo bars outside of British Columbia. Hands down. PBC bars -- freskin' dreams!  

This place does not disappoint.
I was in Philly, meeting up with my cousin.  She asked how far I was from Cake Life, and when I told her it was literally a one minute walk, she insisted we meet there.  Now I am a person who is ALWAYS up to stop into a local craft bakery.  Coming from Portland, Maine, I have to admit, my bar on this kind of place is pretty high.  Anyway, when I arrived, I immediately dug the big light filled windows and comfortable tables.  The glass cases were filled with a few lovely looking cakes, cookies and some savories.  I chose a piece of carrot cake and bought a few cookies to take home for later.  I thought the carrot cake was ok, good, not great or make-a-special-trip worthy in any way.  It was gooey in some places in a way that made me wonder if it was fully cooked, and then really dry in other spots.  
We ended up having a lovely visit.  The Cake Life coffee was great, a strong brew with no acidity.  Later that night, when we broke out the cookies, I thought the same thing.  Definitely good, but certainly not worth heading out the next day for.
Overall, I got a great vibe from Cake Life, but felt like the actual product fell a little bit short.  Maybe just an off day?
Great cake from Food Network cupcake Winner. I taste some of their creations at a wedding shower.

Apple Kouign Aman: very good flaky pastry with fresh apples. Very delicious.

Various fruit tarts: filled with not to sweet cream fillings topped with fresh fruits.

Honey tart: you can really taste the honey.

Dulce de leche: very rich chocolate. It's really good. 

Red velvet cake is okay.

Boston cream cake and cappuccino : very delicious with perfect sweetness.

Pistachio cake has some sweet pistachio cream filling. It's the guests ' favorite and the most unique one.
Really wish I could love this place because it is ADORABLE but the baked goods are mediocre and the staff is super unwelcoming.
Cakelife is amazing. I was with my friends at the tattoo place across the street and decided to check it out. I got a dulce caramel tart, chocolate chip cookie, double chocolate cookie, honey lanvender cake, starwberry cake and a coconut espresso cake(I just got slices of the cake to share with my friends). It was all great but that honey lavender cake has to be top 3 best cake I have ever had. It was amazing. I even had some to take home to have my family try. I am going to order that cake for my birthday in December. If you are in the area or in search of good desserts definitely check out Cakelife you will not be disappointed.
Nice selection of cakes and pastries at reasonable prices for the area. The cakes are good, but this type of icing isn't my favorite and the fillings are the star of the show. My favorite flavor was the lemon raspberry. The icing is very light and slick on the tongue unlike traditional buttercream. They have some beautiful designs, and I recently saw one of their chefs on a competitive baking show. 
The staff is very helpful and attentive. I placed my order in advance so they could set aside what I needed. I would consider returning if I was in the area.
As someone with a huge sweet tooth I'm constantly trying new bakeries and baked goods. So, it's rare that I come across something I haven't tried before. let alone something that tastes transcendent. The Nanaimo Bar, Honey Sea Salt Bar, and Sour Cherry Brownie at Cake Life accomplished both those things. 

The Nanaimo Bar tasted of chocolate, almond, coconut, and vanilla custard. While the Honey Sea Salt Bar was akin to the Greek pastry Galaktoboureko, but without the phyllo dough and with the flavors amped up to eleven. Finally, the Sour Cherry Brownie was fudgy, moist, and balanced with just the right amount of sourness/tartness from the cherries. 

All the items were new to me, but more importantly, they all tasted phenomenal. Especially the Nanaimo Bar and Honey Sea Salt Bar. In fact, with each bite I found myself commenting on how good they tasted. Bottom line - cake life bake shop is great, I will be a frequent customer, I can't wait to try their other items, and I highly recommend you visit. Just be sure to save some Nanaimo and Honey Sea Salt bars for me.
We walked in without knowing that they are online order only and they were extremely nice to offer us few goodies for our inconvenience. I forgot to ask the lady's name but she was very generous and I would love to come back whenever I am in the town. The interior of the store was very pleasant and clean. The taste of lemon bar and oatmeal cookie was amazing. Out of all, their kind heart warmed our day.
Absolutely perfection in a bakery. I have gotten several birthday cakes through them. They on the more expensive side but SO worth it. They also have great coffee and other baked goods. The people that work here are best in class. Go out of your way to buy a cake from this place - it WILL NOT DISAPPOINT! Pictured in my review photo is the Campfire Cocoa.
I didn't stay for too long because we took our desserts home but I really don't have anything bad to say either so 5 stars it is!

The employees here were really nice. They were quick to greet us and ask if we needed any help with anything. I wish I took more photos because I absolutely loved the decor here! The ceilings were very very tall and the wall decor was cute, artsy, and fun. The presentations of the cakes were absolutely beautiful and the pastries were oh so tasty! 

They also sell cute cards by the register and there's plenty of seating space if you do decide to stay.
