This is my most uncomfortable post. I have been eating at CAKE for over six years. For breakfast I have favorites, for lunch I had to go to's;  So imagine my shock when the other day while enjoying my magical lunch, I watched a woman of color be actively ignored while three white women who came in after her, were helped at the bakery counter. 
Thanks for the great meals, CAKE but I will no longer be coming back in; my appetite magically disappeared.
Went back today and it was even better than the first time! The grilled portobello mushroom sandwich was so good I could have wept. And they were able to fuel my new addiction to Italian soda (lemony...yummm!).
I went to Cake back on September 13, 2014 and have been meaning to write this review to save diners the terrible experience myself and 2 girlfriends had during the Sunday brunch/lunch hour. If I could rate it a zero or negative 1, I would. 
The food was tasty, the greenhouse ambiance lovely, the waitstaff fine. Each of us ordered meals, desserts and coffee. We were perfectly normal and pleasant guests. We didn't make a scene nor were we loud. I was enjoying Cake immensely and thought the recommendations we received were spot on. But then came the tragedy. At the end of our meal, the hostess came up to us and asked us to leave so that others could sit at our table. Jaw drop. Rudeness to the max. We were... baffled. We waited our turn as all others did, why, when you pay such a high premium on dining out, were we being rushed? The hostess seemed only slightly sorry she had to ask and interrupted a pretty in depth conversation we were having to bring us this news. 
The friends who joined me there were ones from high school that I hadn't seen in a long time. We had lots of fun news to catch up on and some darker, less fun stuff to discuss. Restaurants provide a safe space for conversation and connection, as well as, a shared experience over food. Overall, the day spent together wasn't ruined entirely but  every hour or so, one of us would say "can you believe that happened?" This dining experience stands out in my mind as one of the worst ever, even fast food restaurants aren't this rude. I have dined in many a restaurant all over the world, take detailed notes and promote wildly, my favorites. This experience stood out as a jaw-dropping blunder. I'm very careful where to spend my hard-earned money and with a baby on the way, I need to be even more protective. I will not go back which is sad, really.
Cake has a way of transferring you to a different world.  Set in a Victorian conservatory connecting to the famous Flower Shop of Robertson's right in the heart of Chestnut Hill, the lilt of the falling waters of the centerpiece fountain instantly soothe your soul.  And the food is always expertly prepared and creative.  Everyday Cake has a soup of the day and when I was there it was a delicious bean soup.  But our salad main courses were the best.  My friend's quinoa salad was a really tasty mixture and my lemon grilled chicken cobb salad was something I would order again in a heartbeat. We didn't have room or time to try one of their namesake cakes for desert. Service was def friendly and added to a really great lunch in this hilltop corner of Philadelphia!
The ultimate "staycation" brunch destination - I actually felt like I was somewhere far away instead of like a mile from my house. Brunching at this greenhouse space that's now been transformed into a sunny, open cafe was a great way to start the day, and there was absolutely nothing I could fault with the entire experience. Our server, Sara, was friendly and attentive, and took good care of the grownups and kids alike in our party. 

The food was delish (try the chicken salad sandwich or the ham & cheese on croissant with apricot mustard - it has a French name but I won't slaughter the language by trying to spell it here), the coffee was just right (La Columbe) and the music was soothing and just right. Afterwards we bought a few pastries for later (I'm a sucker for sweets - and my kids) and browsed Robertson's (the restaurant is connected to it).

What a lovely way to spend your morning!
Dined here for brunch on 6/15 arrived a little after 10 AM. There was about a 20 min wait for a party of 2. We were seated in the middle of the restaurant. This restaurant is a green house with a water fountain in the middle and greenery as the back drop. 
There is a bakery case where varies pastries that are made fresh daily are housed.
Service was prompt & efficient. I ordered the Garden Frittata: broccoli, plum tomato, smoked Gouda, toast & house salad. 
Definitely come here if your in the area.
The Good: I was just taken to Cake for the first time yesterday for a champagne infused Birthday lunch.  I had a delicious saffron potato soup, and a killer rustic grilled cheese sandwich.  The menu was rich with many options that sounded delicious, so I look forward to going back and trying some other offerings.  It was a great setting, sitting inside a greenhouse during a snowstorm, love that it's a BYOB, and the friendly, super hunky waiter was a nice birthday surprise for me!

The Bad:  Though the service, menu, and meal were great; my partner and I ordered different pastries for dessert that were sub par. He ordered a coconut cream something or other, and I ordered a carrot-cupcake (my favorite).  Ironically, for a place called cake, this was the only part of the meal that wasn't very good.  The pastries were served cold right out of the fridge.  The coconut cream whatever was a bit hard and dry, and the frosting on mine, which should be the best part, was bland and had a lousy texture.  Also, the selection was really ho-hum for a place called cake, nothing more exotic that what you would find at a grocery store.

The Ugly:  While the restaurant is in a beautiful greenhouse adjoining a florist, the interior is desperately in need of a gay man.  I expected it to be lush inside filled with ferns and leafy plants.  Instead it was sparsely decorated with potted palms, cheap looking bromeliads, and a scary overdone wall of branches.  It's not that the interior is ugly by any means, it's just that - like the cake situation - if you are going to go through the trouble of having a restaurant in a greenhouse, you should take full advantage of it!
When an establishment puts its hours of operation on the front door, that is when you would think it OK to go in and patronize that business. I worked as a server for a number of years, and of course having people drop in right before you're set to close at night is a bit of a bummer, especially if it's been dead all night and all you want to do is get out.

Telling customers you're closing in 10 minutes when there's about 45 minutes until the actual posted closing hour, and answering a question about a particular product, in this case a tart, with "As I was just telling the lady in front of you..." and kind of huffing about is quite frankly bullshit. I'm surprised they didn't have the chairs on top of the tables and half of the floor swept and mopped already.

The tarts themselves were delicious, hence a two star rating for each. Wish I could have checked out more, but my family and I felt hurried. I feel bad for the mother and daughter that came in after us. I hope all Chestnut Hill businesses don't take customers for granted.
This is where concept and execution get married, have 3 beautiful children and live happily ever after. 

Why? Concept - "we need more space... let's move our smaller pastry oriented shop and move into this old giant greenhouse. Let's gut it but leave all the windows and flooring intact to make for unique ambiance and take serving food more seriously."

Execution - "Beautiful former greenhouse with all the feelings of sitting in a greenhouse except topsoil has been replaced by chocolate cake."

Well done.
Cake is situated in Chestnut Hill inside a gutted greenhouse - it makes for a really fresh, bright, calming ambiance.  I came here on a Saturday for Brunch, but alas, its only served on Sunday.  They do make breakfast for those who can get out of bed before 11 on a Saturday, but thats not my style.  

They've got a good assortment of dishes for lunch, I got a Mediterranean Pizza with feta, spinach, roasted red peppers and lemon hummus - tasty enough to make up for it not being breakfast.  They've also got a burger, quiche, interesting salads and sandwiches, and I'm sure the've got something for everyone.  

Stopped at the bakery counter after lunch, brought home a Boston-creme cupcake and a vanilla creme-apple tart thing.  Definitely get that.  For realz.  

I will return for their brunch at some point.  The menu looked really good.
Cake is the cutest little spot in Chestnut Hill. Located in an old greenhouse and attached to a florist/boutique shop. When you walk in to your left you have the bakery filled with pastry's, slices of bread, tarts and cupcakes. All range from $2.50 - $6 each. I took a fruit tart and chocolate tart to go, because DUH. The fruit tart was good. The perfect ratio of tar, filling, and fruit. The chocolate tart on the other hand was less than desirable. It's a chocolate crust with a pile high whipped chocolate topping. That's it. I thought it was filled with ganache or something, but it wasn't filled with nothing. Overall it was just an "ok"' dessert. I will not order it again though. 

For brunch we had the breakfast frittata (served with hash browns and your choice of toast) and brioche french toast (served with strawberries and syrup). My french toast was so filling and not too sweet. The fritatta was HUGE. I swear we packed about 2/3 of it home. The portions here are hefty. 

Service here is great as well. They offer free coffee refills and they don't pressure you to "eat and leave" to fill in the seats. Be warned: this place is popular. It opens at 10am on Sunday and I got there at 9:52am with a line out the door.

My only complaint though would be to not sit parties who are not all present. When your restaurant is so popular and you have someone just sitting at a table "waiting on a friend" it really is inefficient and takes up time when you could have a full party from your wait-list already seated.
For months, trying to eat at Cake was like the search for the Holy Grail.  I saw it on a Friday evening when strolling Chestnut Hill and was beckoned by its title, only to find it was closed.  I came back right after work one night at an earlier hour, unfortunately discovering it is only open for dinner on Fridays and Saturdays.  Another time, I arrived around 5:45p on a Friday, only to find that it closes between 5 and 6 to set up for dinner service!  Whew...they don't make it easy to be a customer.  

Once you're in, however, it is worth the trouble.  I have visited twice merely to sample pastries, and was delighted with their fresh hand-crafted tarts.  Rich lemon custard, tangy key lime, decadent chocolate ganache over peanut butter (Note to chef: put this one in a chocolate shell!), homey apple blueberry crumb, and my perennial favorite - the marzipan and fruit concoctions known as frangipan, tiled with glazed plums, apples, nectarines and more.  Delish!  Make sure you let them sit out for 15 minutes or so to reach room temperature so you can appreciate the pastry's buttery goodness and the true depth of the fillings' flavors.  

This weekend, I finally had a chance to try the restaurant menu when I arrived with my aunt for a late Sunday brunch.  The airy space is a converted greenhouse with the feel of an outdoor courtyard (brick floor, fountain, greenery, and all) and colorful banners strung up above, providing what we both agreed was a "good vibe."  It is casual but attractive and feels special.  

My aunt wisely ordered the Crab Cake Benedict.  She raved about the large, delicate crab cake, chock full of large lumps of crab and studded with freshly diced herbs.  It easily surpassed the greasy canned crustacean blobs so often served under this name.  The cake sat next to a perfectly poached egg (doused in rich hollandaise) atop a rash of grilled baby asparagus and toasted brioche, dazzling her tastebuds.  To close the deal, it came with a set of excellent home fries; moist and delicious chunks of potato rather than the burned, dry hulls frequently offered by brunch establishments.  The saffron advertised as an ingredient of the hollandaise was not easily detectable, but the dish as a whole was tremendously successful. 

I had a frittata consisting of a fluffy round of egg studded with asparagus, mushrooms, gouda cheese and Italian sausage.  It was well-cooked, but lacked interesting flavors.  The filling chunks were large in size but diffusely distributed, leaving many bites of mere under-seasoned egg.  The gouda seemed only to be grated and sprinkled on top, rather than incorporated in the egg mixture.   However, I thoroughly enjoyed my ration of the uncommonly good home fries, and - most of all - the large hunk of cornbread I requested in place of toast.  

Oh. my. lord.  That cornbread deserves its own paragraph.  I am a cornbread devotee, and this one checked every box on my list.  Crusty outside, cakey inside, sweetened with honey in the batter, and toasty warm.  Not to mention the generous portion.  I swooned!   I ignored the latter third of my frittata and noshed on this golden treat until every crumb was gone.  

My aunt bought a few beautiful tarts for the road, and I carted off a tasty lemon curd-filled white sponge cupcake for later.  All in all, this was a delightful place for brunch with good service, delicious food, and a friendly atmosphere.  Don't miss Cake...if you can get there when it's open!
Ever wonder what Cracker Barrel would be like with much better food, interesting/upscale tchotchkie, a friendly wait staff and no poor souls who just pulled off the interstate in hopes of finding a clean bathroom? Well, stop your wondering, because it would be Cake.

Located in the old Robertson's Florists solarium, the restaurant is bright and sunny. Everything we ordered was very good, especially the coffee. They serve the ubiquitous La Colombe, but they must have a great machine, the coffee was smooth and strong, but not bitter. Its attached to Robertson's store, so if you need to pick up an orchid or a chandelier you are in luck.

Its nice to have a place in Chestnut Hill to eat again.
What a cute cafe! This place is a must for brunch if you're in the Chestnut Hill area. It's inside of what looks like an old greenhouse, so there's plenty of sunlight and the ambiance is great. I got the waffle, which was good and the hubby loved his home fries. 

They also have delicious looking baked goods for sale at the counter but I was good and didn't indulge. 

What would make this place 5 stars would be in they expanded their menu a bit. Overall though, a fun place to eat.
We went for a little walk and shop at chestnut hill outside of Philadelphia. We've heard of Cake so decided to stop by. It is a little small without any outdoor seating (at least when we went) so if you're worried about dining in, I'd recommend getting takeout. The wait is also to be expected. 

Kinda wish they had outdoor but the decor in the interior was beautiful and so tropical/green house vibes . It was a chilly day so I got the grilled cheese and tomato soup- it was 10/10. They had pesto in their grilled cheese which was an amaaaazzingg touch. 

Make sure to grab some of the cupcakes before you leave! They were the perfect amount of fluffy and sweet.
Went here last night for dinner with a friend. This lovely restaurant set in the
old greenhouse of Robertson's Florist is just what this area needed. A great place to meet friends for lunch or dinner. They are mainly a lunch place- but are open a couple of nights a week for dinner.
The vibe is warm and bright, and the food is really good. Save room for dessert-- after all, the name of this place is CAKE!
This review is about cornbread.  The cornbread here is unlike any cornbread I've ever had.  It is like a perfect combination of cornbread and cake(hey! that's the name of the restaurant).  It is my favorite cornbread in Philadelphia.

Seriously, they have other things on the menu but I really don't want to distract any reader from the quality of this cornbread(cake).  

It doesn't flake and crumb all over the place.  It is buttery and a little sweeter than you'd expect.  It is not dry at all.  It comes with two little butter packets but you do not need them at all.

OK the crabcake benedict was good and the waffle was good but this sentence is really distracting you from the most important thing.

If you don't like this cornbread(and eating it is within your dietary restrictions) then everything has gone wrong with you that could have gone wrong in your dark, sad existence.
I decided to try this restaurant based on the reviews I read on Yelp... but after my lunch experience there, I don't agree with most of the positive reviews I read. 

Decor & Cleanliness: I scored an A.

The decor of the restaurant is small and cute. Love the idea of turning an old greenhouse into a restaurant. Tables and bathroom were clean and there was a sweet scent of flowers throughout thanks to the connecting floral shop next to the restaurant.

Costumer Service: I scored an F.

I was very disappointed in the wait staff there. We were seated promptly when we entered, but after that we were ignored. It took 15 minutes to get our drinks out... and for a small restaurant, that's a ridiculously long time to wait. Our waitress was not friendly or even attempting to be... but I can let that one slide, I know some people have bad days... but the time it took to place the order was not appropriate. We had almost thought about getting up and leaving... but the waitress finally came over. After receiving our lunches not ONCE did any of the staff check to make sure everything was prepared correctly or if we needed refills on our drinks. After dropping off our food, the next time they came by was 30 minutes later to clear our plates. Not good. 

Food: I scored a B -.

I hear their breakfasts are better than their lunches. I had a tuna salad sandwich and a side salad. It was ok... at best. I felt I could probably make a better sandwich myself. They give you good portions... but then again, for the amount you pay you better get good portions. 


Overall Experience: C

My first experience at Cake was ok... but a little disappointing, especially with the costumer service. I'd be willing to give it another try... but would be completely turned away for good if the services was as bad as it was this last time.
We arrived at just after 3pm on Saturday 4/14/18 after spending the day at the Japanese Cherry Blossom Festival at the Morris Arboretum.  I had messaged the Facebook page the day before, asking about the availability of a wheelchair entrance as we would be bringing my wheelchair-bound mother with us.  The owner, Greg, promptly responded that yes, they did have one.  When we arrived, however, the person who very dismissively "greeted" us with a barely perceptible uplift of her chin, told us there was no wheelchair entrance and that the restaurant was closing.  She said there was no manager, no supervisor, nobody at all in authority with whom I could address this.  Although the Yelp page lists the closing time as 5pm, the sign on the door says 4.  We later learned that the kitchen closes at 3, but that baked goods and beverages are available.  Our "greeter", however, did not offer this to us.  She simply decided at that moment we were not worth welcoming, and not worth serving, and turned us away.  So we took our business elsewhere.
Fantastic! Brunch is excellent! Staff is courteous. Clean and beautiful. Cake is perfect for a small group brunch outing. Does not take reservations for brunch hours. 

Garden frittata: 3 stars
Homefries: 4 stars
French toast: 4 stars
Beet & arugula salad: 4 stars
Breakfast burrito (surprisingly without meat): 5 stars
Boston creme cupcake: 4 stars
Chocolate with chocolate frosting cupcake: 3.5 stars
Ambience: 5 stars; I love the greenhouse! 

I am a huge fan of this place and hear their cakes are unbelievable. I will definitely be coming back to try more desserts!!
I can't comment on the food because I have never eaten there. But I feel this story is valuable: 

I put my name on the list one Sunday morning at 11am. The hostess said there was a 45 minute wait. She took my phone number and said that I would receive a phone call 15 minutes before my table was ready. That would have me receiving a phone call at approximately 11:30am, no? 

Well, they didn't call me at 11:30. In fact, they didn't call me...ever!

Like a dude one meets at a bar, Cake is just not that into you! Now I'm just not that into them.
A cute greenhouse, doesn't make horrendous service any better. 

My husband and I were visiting Philadelphia in April, trying to find a new place to live-we have just relocated from Atlanta. So, we saw this cute greenhouse restaurant, Cake. I was totally taken with it, since I am a pastry girl, by trade. We made plans to come back for brunch the next day after looking for apartments. The hours are posted on the door-brunch until 3pm on Sunday. Perfect! 

We walked into Cake at 2:11pm. There was no hostess in site. The restaurant was busy, but NO ONE was waiting. A minute later, a girl behind the cupcake counter said "Can I help you?", like she had no idea why we were there... ??? I told her we would like a table for two, for brunch. She said, "Well, we take our last order at 2:30". Again, confusion. I told her I was mistaken because the sign on the door said 3pm. She again, said "We take our last order at 2:30". Ok, now I am starting to get angry. I told her unless my watch was fast, it was only 2:14 (she had wasted 3 minutes of our time, already.). She said (yes, she really said this) "Well, it looks like you will not be seated by 2:30". I looked around me, behind me, etc. to make sure I was not missing the busload of people that she thought were waiting to be seated. Of course, no one but the two of us waiting to be seated. I was steaming mad at this point, so instead of yelling at her, I just thanked her, and started to walk out. My husband asked me if I wanted a cupcake from the display case. Normally, I would never be so snooty about other peoples pastry, in front of them, but it was called for this time. I looked at the case of cupcakes (even though I had already seen their grocery store appearance, while waiting for our non-existent table, and said "No thanks, I don't do sprinkles, and cupcakes are passé anyway-wish people would catch on to that". 

So, that is my review if Cake. Love it or hate it-it is all true.
We recently moved to Mt. Airy from Northern Liberties, and we were first very concerned that we would not find a great weekend breakfast spot like Honey's... but then we found CAKE!  

I would describe Cake as a more upscale version of Honeys.  They had similar items, but Cake took it up a notch.  Also their service is must faster there (see my review on Honeys) and staff is so nice.  

I love smoked salmon and was so happy with their version, smoked salmon with a latke topped with creme fraiche and caviar.  OH so delicious!  

Our only problem was that they opened so late on Sundays!  They open at 10am, and we're used to having Sunday brunch at 9.  But it's definitely worth the wait.
Cake is in a beautiful area of Chestnut Hill, so on a nice day you can walk off your food baby after brunch! The place itself is a green house that created an awesome atomosphere. 
I came here for brunch, and surprisingly we didn't have to wait even though the place is rather small. Great staff and quick service which made the experience enjoyable. 
We started with a sticky bun... and it was light, sweet and a perfect start to brunch. 
The breakfast burrito was good, but not great. There was a solid brick of eggs inside, and with just refrieds beans the whole thing was just heavy and a not very flavorful even with all the side stuff they give you. 
The crab cakes with the salad and asparagus were great. The scrambled eggs were so fluffy and just melted in my mouth. I wouldn't mind ordering that dish again. 
I feel like since we ordered a savory brunch, it was okay.. I feel like their sweet brunch [like french toast] is much better. Guess we'll see next time!
I ordered bakery items for take out and I have to say they were very flavorless and bland which is sad because they had a really nice assortment. The blueberry crumb pastry had fake blueberries which was really disappointing and the lemon cupcake was super sour. The interior design is very beautiful regardless.
My husband and I just finished dinner at cake. The 2 stars are for the drinks we brought in ourselves.  The beet salad was good but the olive orange panini was fitted with pits and the flavors did not work.  The scallops were undercooked and sat on a plate of duck sauce.  Then here is the best part, the desserts were hard and old.  The server said they just got new desserts in this week? What? This place is called cake... Where are your desserts coming from?   Will not return
This is a great place to meet for lunch. This old greenhouse has an abundance of natural light and a pretty good menu. Save room for desert, cause that is why it is called Cake!
Finally made it to Cake, fully intending it to be more expensive than the average place...I mean, it is in Chestnut Hill and all that.  It was a very cute spot.  

The problem was really with the food.  There really wasn't a lot to pick from on the menu and no specials.  My friend ordered a breakfast burrito and I ordered the cheddar and egg sandwich minus ham.  

It was a bad sign when I bit into my first homefry and it was raw.  About half of them were.  I added ketchup to at least soften them slightly.  Overall flavor was fine...just raw.  

The egg sandwich was really blah.  The bread wasn't toasted, warm or anything.  The eggs tasted like merely eggs with cheese.  There was no seasoning, no salt, no flavor.  Our waitress disappeared for a while and I was trying to decide what I could ask for to make it better.  Perplexed, I told her when she finally reappeared that the food was really blah and could I just get some jam because I was going to scrape the eggs off and add some salt myself...and maybe make some cold toast with the bread.  

After bringing jam, she never returned.  My friend's burrito was nothing to write home about and her potatoes were about half raw like mine.  She mentioned disappointment...I feel no need to return.  

My lackluster meal was $10; hers $12.  I'd sooner travel into Center City for some actually good breakfast food than come back here again.  Philly's breakfast options are such stand outs that there really is no room for blah.  Even for local, I'd prefer the pretty cheap crepes at High Point Cafe. 

Next up is Cafette.  Oh I'm so hoping for that place to be better to coax my friends up here with someplace!!!
Oh.  Boston Cream cupcake.  And I don't even like Boston cream.  

One of the contenders in the great cupcake challenge.  From here came a Boston Cream cupcake and a pumpkin cupcake that had all sorts of other stuff involved (maybe coconut and raisins?  I can't remember exactly).  The pumpkin cupcake was so moist, perfectly spiced.  That Boston cream cupcake though.  Whew!

The restaurant looks good, and the building is beautiful.  Can't wait to sample the actual menu.
My wife, and I went for the Sunday Brunch.  It was our first visit to this quaint little spot in Chestnut Hill, PA.  It looks, and may have one time been a greenhouse, but don't let that throw you because this spot was fabulous.  I do recommend that if you are going for brunch be on time or earlier because it fills up FAST.  We both had the sticky buns to start, my wife had raisins and I had the nuts (pecans), these were the best damn sticky buns I have ever eaten in my LIFE!

We ordered the Petit Black Angus Rib Eye Steak which comes with potatoes and fried eggs and it was wonderful.  I cannot give this place enough accolades, I even had to have one of the wait-staff pass my compliments to the management, that's how impressed I was.  This was our first visit but it will not be our last.  Do yourself a favor and give this spot a try; you will NOT be disappointed.
The food was great for dinner.......until the sun went down and the rodents came out. Yes plural, not just one mouse but several mice scurried below as we tried to finish our wine and meal. It was disgusting. But to add insult to injury, the waiter offered no apology, in fact, turning a blind eye to the rodents. The terrible service almost exceeds the disgust over the mice. Hope you dont fine mice droppings in your cupcake. And one last note, isnt' there a health dept or some restaurant bureau that regulates this type of thing??
Cozy little spot just feet off the Avenue in Chestnut Hill.  Took me six months to get over here and try it, but I'm glad I finally did.  The ambiance here is incredible and perfect for this style of restaurant/cafe.  The greenhouse obviously gives you the outdoor feel which is amazing during those spring and fall months when it's gorgeous out, but might still be on the chilly side.  Just so relaxing.

We went for breakfast and I will certainly be doing that again.  I got the basics: bacon, eggs, hash browns & toast.  Everything was delicious.  Even the toast was note worthy because if I'm not mistaken, its from Baker's Street Bread.  Love seeing local places supporting each other!  Not only was my meal very tasty, but all the food I saw being served around me looked amazing.  I will be getting the french toast next time.  Also got some baked goods on the way out.  Fruit tart and S'mores tart were both really really good.  

The menu was on the small side, but when everything is so good, you don't need that many options.  It just takes up your time with having to read everything.  I'd love to try this place at night for dinner.  Can't wait to go back!
I love CAKE for pastries but honestly their food is not so good.  Ordered a sirloin burger medium which came out so incredibly WELL done leather would have tasted better.  Not thrilled at all with the food quality. For $10 it should really be homemade, not from the freezer and not a 70/30 grade beef.
The food was reasonably priced and absolutely delicious.

I had the crab cake benedict, and it was much better than Brick's in Rittenhouse Square.  My girlfriend had the brick oven pizza with caramelized apples and onions, and we shared the Belgian Waffle.

Definitely stop here for brunch!
This review is based on only one experience, but one bad experience is all it takes to turn off a customer.  My only problem with this cutesy place in Chestnut Hill is the service my group of four adults and one baby received. My father-in-law and I ordered hamburgers - I asked for mine cooked medium and he asked for medium-rare.  Mine came out brown all the way through and his had an ensey bit of pink in the middle.  The waiter didn't know about this because he never came back to ask how our food was.  And since he never came back, wasn't able to ask for more ketchup to supplement the one tablespoon provided with my burger.  I also never got a chance to ask for more napkins to supplement the one thin paper napkin I was given; considering that I was feeding a baby, the napkin was falling apart within about 4 minutes.  Near the end of the meal we got a different waitress's attention for drink refills and our check. Moments later our original waiter came to ask how everything was.  Fucking fantastic, here's your 15%.

{{It would be unfair of me not to mention that we all enjoyed the food and the atmosphere at Cake. If I had gotten better service I'd call it a 3.5 star cafe.}}
The idea of putting a restaurant in the former greenhouse of Robertson's Florist is just brilliant.  Cake has amazing ambiance.  It still has lots of greenery and is a wonderful place to be on a wintery day.  

Pros:  giant cups of tea and coffee, ambiance, good food

Cons: pricing is a bit high even for C. Hill, no standout favorite item ....yet
In our attempt to explore our new neighborhood, we tried CAKE for our Saturday breakfast.  We'd heard amazing things about their brunch and breakfast, but we'd also heard some not so amazing things about the wait time!  We headed over to cake around 9:15 AM and there were only a few other patrons there (ugh, I hope this isn't me spilling the beans and next time we show up around 9:00 AM the place will be mobbed).  But, we were immediately seated and served THE MOST DELICIOUS BREAKFAST EVER!  I had the Brioche french toast (w/ peach butter and strawberries) and a side of sausage, and my husband had the quiche du jour (spinach & goat cheese) w/ a side of bacon. 

Let's just say we both made the clean plate club on Saturday and left behind absolutely no remnants that food had ever even touched either of our plates.  My french toast was to die for - not too sweet and not an overwhelming portion ( a la Green Eggs Cafe).  Sometimes when food is this good - it makes me wonder if they dribbled just a little crack or other addictive narcotic in the recipe in order to make it that much yummier / addictive.  Either way - I'm hooked, and am looking forward to my next meal at CAKE.
Been there twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner. Not going back. 

Dinner was great food-wise. Breakfast was mediocre. It was excessively cold in the restaurant, the food was cold, and the kitchen is super slow. Service was good in the beginning both times. I think they get embarrassed at how long the kitchen takes because they disappear and apologize when they do show up with the food, which is cold.
Both the atmosphere and food at this quaint old flower shop/greenhouse turned cafe were divine! Pro tip- this is a crowd favorite in Germantown/Chestnut Hill so go early. We got there right when it opened and within minutes it was full! They do not take reservations so get there ahead of the crowd. The food was simple and tasty with large portions. Very friendly staff. Would try one of the cakes or baked goods next time!
I have never been disappointed by Cake's food.  It is fantastic and the options are fantastically diverse.
I am not however a fan of their "breakfast" hours.  They list their morning opening hours as 8:00am but nowhere obvious do they mention that the kitchen doesn't open until 9:00am.  Either list breakfast as beginning at 9 or just open at 8.  Make up your mind so that people don't plan around and get excited for an 8:00 treat from Cake!
We stopped in at Cake this past Saturday, and I had a major sweet tooth. I wanted something with pecans and I was not denied. I got a pecan bar, and it was scrumptious. Probably the second or third best pecan dessert I've had (after Zwahlen's pecan pie and a slice of pecan pie I had in New Orleans). My husband ordered a chocolate mousse and was equally enthused. We also got a Boston cream cupcake to split but I found that a little dry and overly sweet so I let him finish that one. When we got there, we were told it would be a 20 minute wait to sit at 2:30 in the afternoon, and we couldn't order lunch, only dessert because they were closing lunch service. We didn't want to wait, so we took our sweets to go, but the decor is so cute and I could definitely see us going back sometime and sitting for a meal.
Reminds me of a hipster establishment. The menu was unique with it type of dishes and flavors. There is not a whole lot of traditional flavors but that's not why you come here. I had trouble selecting from the menu. When I went here it was packs with women as if it was bring your girlfriend out day. The restaurant is in an old greenhouse that is supporting 2 palm trees one that is dying and other plants that I don't know.

I ordered the burger since there wasn't much on the menu I would fancy, and the first bite was pretty awesome but then got boring after the 4th bite. Not a very great burger but not bad either. They did have desserts that looked great but I wasn't in much of a mood after my burger. 

I don't think would come back here.
Located in the quaint and lovely Chestnut Hill area, this restaurant is bursting full of sunlight, plants, and smiling people. The staff is really nice and accommodating, and there is always always a full house with a slight wait to be seated. The wait is not bad though, because they take your number and allow you to walk around and will call when a table is available. 

The food is a little pricey with most salads around $15 and sandwiches $12. Everything I have tried here has been good, but without a wow factor. The food was a little plain for my liking, with the house salad dressing being a little bland for my poached salmon salad, soup a little under-salted...etc. 

I'd return for the good atmosphere, but consider the price a little steep for what you get.
I have no idea why I haven't written a 10 star review of cake yet. This is our hands down number one go to place to bring out of town guests when we're looking for an awesome Sunday brunch. It's BYO, they have amazing staff, and there is a gift store that you can spend all of your dollars at during the wait (there is always a wait- go with it. It's a good sign and it's worth it). We once had a situation where a group of gals took our name and place in line and we ended up needing to wait another 20 minutes or so and the manager was so apologetic and made it right which I really appreciate because it was not her mistake and she didn't need to. Everything that we've ever had has been incredible and I'm always looking for the next excuse to go back
Beautiful dining room attached to a nice shop at the other end.  We were actually in the shop browsing when we hear loud noises coming from the back of the shop.   We were surprised to find this restaurant back there.  
The entrance to the restaurant of course was not thru the shop as it does have another entrance from the street.    But the open high atrium atmosphere was very inviting so we decided to make a point of having lunch there later.    The average wait at lunch was 45 minutes which they tell everyone.   We waited about 35 minutes for a table for 3.  

I order the hamburger with cole slaw and wife ordered the Croque Monsieur with chips.  My daughter ordered the blueberry tart.
The hamburger arrived and was perfectly cooked medium as requested served on a brioche bun with generous portion of melted blue cheese.  The patty appears to be handmade and not those frozen kind.  The cole slaw was actually disappointing.   My wife ordered Croque-Monsieur with chip.  Traditionally a Croque-Monsieur is boiled ham between slices of brioche-like pain de mie topped with grated cheese and slightly salted and peppered, which is baked in an oven or fried in a frying pan.  This was not the case or even close.  This was just a ham and cheese on a plain croissant.  Very disappointing and the chip served in a small soup cup that appears to be homemade was nothing but stale chips.   

Although the service and atmosphere is nice and the food needed more attention.  The wanna be French American affairs was not up to par.   A  good Monte-Cristo would have been better choice if made available.   I notice a lot of people eating a breakfast burrito but being from Los Angeles, I eaten lots of good breakfast burritos so I had my doubts.    Beside, there wasn't too many reviews on their burger and Croque Monsieur.
Cake was the perfect place for our engagement-party-turned-surprise wedding! When my husband and I decided to get married, we knew we wanted to do something a little off-the-beaten-path that would allow us to celebrate our marriage with our friends and family without getting sucked into the hoopla of a traditional wedding. Cake provided the perfect venue to host this event, and we couldn't have been more pleased with the level of service leading up to and the night of the event - not to mention the food! 

The planning of our event was made so easy by Gray, who was friendly, enthusiastic, and so helpful in walking us through not only the menu and menu selections but also the flow of the event and how her staff would be able to help us pull off the surprise. As a venue, Cake, a converted greenhouse, is beautiful on its own - and this made it all the easier to plan and host an event there, as it meant that we didn't need to focus on decorations. We chose to bring a few decorations, including a few DIY flower arrangements and some items for a gift/favor/guest book table, all of which were just finishing touches on the already beautiful space. We were able to provide final numbers and menu selections a week prior to the event, which gave us a lot of flexibility in finalizing the guest list, and were able to drop off all alcohol (beer and wine) and decorations the day before the party, which allowed us to relax on the day of while the staff at Cake set everything up for us. 

From the minute we arrived to the end of the party, Gray and her staff were so attentive, refreshing the food and beverages seamlessly. They were also particularly attentive to how we were planning to announce our surprise wedding. In the planning stage, we had agreed upon a plan in which a specific song would begin to play at a specific time, my husband and I would make an announcement, and the staff would start handing out glasses of sparkling wine; on the day of the party, this had to be delayed for various reasons, and Gray came to find me to ensure that she and her staff were on the same page and would be able to help us in the way that we wanted. 

About the food - all of the dishes, from the passed appetizers to the buffet, were delicious and lovely and more than enough food for our guests, even though we didn't offer a main entree. In fact, we had so much food that the staff at Cake boxed up our leftovers, which we were able to nosh on for a few days after the wedding! We were particularly thankful for this, as we hadn't been able to partake in as much of the food as we would've liked during the wedding, like any bride and groom. :) All in all, Cake helped us pull off exactly the wedding we had envisioned, and we are so grateful to them!
took my dads here for father's day brunch.
it was really delicious.  creative, tasty food.
BEAUTIFUL greenhouse setting.  a great place to go on a bright, sunny day.
i was kind of upset that i didn't have room for dessert.  i didn't get to try any of the baked goods.
but i'll be back.

fyi - the front door is NOT on the evergreen address.  the main entrance we used was on highland ave.  and the staff wasn't too friendly on the phone when we were wandering around chestnut hill trying to find the place.  (they were very nice once we got there though!)
My review is based on cupcakes. Our cupcake tour lead us to Cake. We had a chocolate , vanilla, carrot and coconut cupcake and each one was worse than the other. The icing had no flavor and tasted like the fridge and the cake was very dry. Disappointing for a expensive cupcake. maybe the food is better but I am afraid to try...... In my mind if you are a bakery and cant get a cupcake right then how can I trust ur food???
Such a cute and delicious place for brunch! We went on a Sunday so wait was about 45 min but you can walk around the cute shops while waiting. Our food was all delicious like the French toast and crab cake eggs. They can also make a kids version that is smaller and cheaper. Don't forget to get one of their delicious desserts too. Definitely recommend!
Went there yesterday. I am from NYC so indoor dining isn't a think right now. I was so excited to have a meal inside. The food was amazing and the staff was so friendly. Will def come again!
First time here today, and EVERYTHING I ordered was delicious!!!! The Mushroom Risotto Cake, the tuna fish sandwich, the chocolate mousse tart and the Rice Krispie square I'm eating now.
This is one unique place. Its in a green house so its beautiful with lots light and plants. The food is creative and delicious and the service is just right. 

Highly recommended.
Went for Sunday brunch - arrived around 10:30 and had a 45 minute wait - will know for next time to arrive at opening!  This place is really cute as others have said.  We went on a lovely sunny day and enjoyed the warmth of the greenhouse.  

We had the steak and eggs and the crab cake benedict.  Steak and eggs were great - steak was juicy (ordered medium rare, but came out closer to a rare - better under than over cooked, I guess) and it was served with a yummy herbed butter.  The crab cake benedict - the crab cake was one of the best I've had - full of crab which tasted fresh and sweet.  It came served on a deliciously buttery brioche, with more deliciously buttery hollandaise.  A teensy let down with one of the yolks of the poached eggs coming out closer to hardboiled, but it was an unusually small yolk, so maybe the timings were off!

Really enjoyed it - will be back!  Interested in trying out their other meal services now :)
What an incredibly cute spot in the quaint neighborhood of Chestnut Hill! I really wanted to order the French Toast but also a savory plate so our server suggested we order a half serving to share so that we can both have savory dishes too and it was the perfect amount!! The Honey-Peach Butter was so so good. I think they change the French Toast a bit each season so check their menu before you expect the same topping. As for savory, I got the Sunny Side Eggs that were topped on top of 2 toasted brioche with sautéed spinach and melted Swiss cheese... are you drooling yet... And my friend got the Breakfast Plate. 

We bought two tarts from the bakery to go and oooh they were so yummy. Not too sweet so it was a perfect pairing with some iced coffee

We came for Saturday brunch at 11 and we actually didn't have to wait long at all to my surprise. I love all the natural lighting the greenhouse windows bring in and it's a perfect brunch spot for this season. All the servers were so kind, friendly, and helpful. Would love to come back if I'm ever in the area!
First, the good: we have been here for Saturday lunch and Sunday brunch a number of times, and the food has been excellent each time.

However, I can only give them 3 stars because their kitchen service is EXTREMELY slow. It may be that they have a very small kitchen and can't put out more than 2 or 3 dishes at a time, but the last time we came (party of 10), dishes came out 2 at a time; it took close to 30 minutes to get everybody served, which is very awkward: do you wait until everybody has been served and eat your food cold, or do you eat your food when it comes and have those not yet served look longingly at your food? Not good. Perhaps they should just say they can't accomodate large groups - it would be better than what we experienced.
 The noise level is extremely high; I realize it's in a re-purposed greenhouse with lots of glass and other hard surfaces that don't absorb noise, but it is hard to have a decent conversation when it seems everybody is yelling just to be heard.
The last time we were there, in late December, it was freezing cold, with an unpleasant draft going through the room.

All in all, I recommend the food, but not much else about the place. Perhaps coming just as a couple, in warmer weather, would be a more pleasant experience, but I definitely don't recommend it (a) in the winter; (b) for a large group
I had a really nice lunch at Cake when I was home for the holidays. It was the first time I had been to their new space in Robertson's greenhouse -- what a great place for a restaurant. Although it was a little loud, I really liked the ambiance.

The food was good. I had a delicious croque monsieur sandwich that came with a nice side salad.

My only problem with Cake was the slow service and near complete absence of our original server (he seemed to be missing from most of his tables while we were there, only to reappear on occasion). The other wait staff were all very friendly and helpful, though.
The ambiance here is great, but the food was just ok and our server was pretty rude, questioning why we hadn't finished our appetizer "someone should eat that." Excuse me? We then ordered cupcakes figuring based on the name of the restaurant they would be great but my friend and I both agreed they were among the worst cupcakes we'd ever had. Very hard, too cold, bad icing, ugh.
Always love coming here ! The ambience and the food is always on point. I have been coming here for years and I never had a bad experience.Oh and def get the French brioche it's the best !!!
Food is excellent. Clean cooking, great flavors. Service is nice, thorough. If it's busy, do not expect to get out of there any time soon. Took 45 minutes to get our apps on a Friday at 7:30.
Cake is one of our favorite breakfast spots, primarily for the ambience of the former greenhouse location and the deliciousness of the quiche.

My one HUGE complaint about Cake is the coffee... I'm not a fan. If Zakes, Cafette or Cresheim Cottage will share their secrets, find out what they are doing! I still drink it though.

Other than that, my only complaint is that breakfast ends at 11. We luck out though because the quiche tends to be on the lunch menu.

If you go on Sunday for brunch, definitely get the baked camembert; that thing is heaven on a plate. Also on a sunny day, you might want to bring sunglasses - some seats can get hit by a lot of sun. It's an awesome setting though.
This place is excellent! I went for lunch on a weeekday around noon, but the wait as already 30 minutes for two. I suggest going a bit earlier to ensure you have a table if your pressed for time. 

I got the Lemon Grilled Chicken Cobb salad, and it was amazing!! Generous portion and quality ingredients. Service was attentive, even for a busy lunch crowd, and I was really impressed by the refreshing and healthy menu.

The only thing I wish was diffrent is the decor. The outside is so whimsical and airy, and I found the furnishings inside a little uninspiring and dissonent when compared to the impressive greenhouse exterior. 

We will definitely be back for more!
My fiance and I had been looking forward to trying Cake for brunch. For one thing, it's one of the only brunch spots in the area, and we love a good bunch. For another, there's cake there. What's not to like?? The atmosphere is beautiful, a bird-cage looking greenhouse turned restaurant. 

We arrived at a good time (around noon I think) and only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. We'd tried to eat here once before and the wait was 45 minutes and we didn't feel like putting in the time so we went elsewhere. 

Our waiter was very nice if a bit absent. I ordered an iced tea and the brioche French toast. My fiance had coffee and the Sunday frittata. Our first hiccup was that his coffee came out with three creamers, one of which was already open and empty. We're hoping it busted open during shipping or something and wasn't already on someone else's table. Even if it was, they're individually packaged of course but still. That just seems sloppy. How did you not know you're putting an empty creamer on the saucer. The coffee was also brought over without a spoon to stir it. Again, not the biggest of deals. But my fiance also said the coffee was weak. Strike one on the coffee. On a side note, my iced tea was fabulous. It had a kind of citrus taste.

So then came our entrees. My fiance absolutely loved his. The potatoes were gone before I could even snag a taste! Now on to mine ... I cut a slice and popped the first bite in my mouth. Burned beyond recognition. I flipped the slice over and it was charred black. I didn't realize because it had been turned to the pretty golden brown side. One by one I looked at every slice, every one was blackened. Now, both the server AND the cook should have known not to serve that. I looked at several other orders of the same thing on other tables and they were cooked perfectly. I HATE being this person but I sent it back. It was inedible. Strike two.

After waiting about 5-10 minutes, I got another order. It was undercooked, barely brown on the outsides. But I'd rather that than charred. So I sucked it up and ate it. Don't get me wrong, it was good albeit a bit soggy but I really do feel they should have left it on the griddle another couple of minutes instead of being so focused on getting it to me. I wouldn't have minded waiting.

The waiter didn't come back to check on how the new dish was for a good 15 minutes. I actually had to turn the burnt toast in to the bus boy who was very nice. He was also the one to bring the new dish out.

I would definitely be willing to give this place another try. I understand this was not an everyday occurance. But I was a little turned off by the whole thing. If I'm paying $12 for French toast I don't feel I should be served anything sub-par.
The cupcake was alright, lentil soup was decent, and the cookies were good. Liked the restaurant, light and quiet. Overall it was an ok experience but the price will keep me from returning to give other items a chance. I definitely am willing to pay for great items but it better be worth it and this place just isn't.
Finally went to Cake the other afternoon for brunch and boy will I be back! I had the breakfast burrito without the black beans and it was awesome! So flavorful in a delicious spinach wrap. The potatoes that accompanied it were also very good. My dining partner had the french toast and it was sooooo good! The peach butter was the perfect touch. I will definitely get this the next time I'm there.
Loved the atmosphere and the service was great.
Also, they serve a wonderful cup of coffee!
The French toast with strawberries and peach butter was delicious! The staff was friendly and helpful ! Will definitely be back!
We came to cake on a Friday afternoon for a lunch celebration after my Mba graduation. 
We were pleased to find that the wait was not long, as I have been a culprit of trying to get in here in the past on weekend mornings when the wait was to long for us.
Our party of 4 brought a bottle of wine and each ordered different menu items. All the items were fresh and were reportedly tasty. I ordered the smoked salmon Blt which was superb. We also ordered desserts to go, the blueberry peach crumble tart was good, and the peanut butter was pie amazing yet the chocolate pecan pie tasted as if it was burnt. 
Overall the menu was very reasonably priced, the service was slow yet at a byob this can be a good thing to not be rushed . Just be prepared for a wait if u go during high hours. Tip you can leave ur number and the front desk can call you when they are ready.
I've had my ups and downs with CAKE but only since they dipped into the breakfast, lunch and dinner (Thursday nights) scene.  As a bakery I have nothing bad to say.  Whoever is the pastry chef definitely knows how to bake.  Everything I've ever had from birthday cakes to tarts have been simply divine.

Breakfast has improved since they first opened though the service is incredibly SLOW so be prepared to spend well over an hour of your morning here.  I think it's on the pricey end too for what they offer and the quantity you're served.  the potatoes are usually way under cooked.

Keep meaning to stop in on a Thursday to try out dinner so look for that review.

4 stars is because of their excellent bakery items.
So good! Cute little place for lunch w a friend. Especially after a pedicure down the street!  Only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they don't have fountain soda and I find that annoying.
Cake is a fantastic breakfast or brunch location. The decor is fantastic since its located in a greenhouse. There are a host of delicious looking baked goods that I'm sure are fantastic.

I've been pleased with my meal each time I went. The service has been friendly and the coffee hot. I think a slightly expanded menu would do some good here. Also, the prices are just a touch on the expensive side.
I LOVE this place. It's one of the most beautiful places I have ever eaten in. We went there for brunch, had some delicious La Colombe coffee, and yummy steak and eggs... everything was perfectly seasoned, and amazing.... Only issue, sometimes the staff seems to get a bit antsy when 1pm comes around... On a few occasions were coldly turned away way before they were officially closing.
Why doesn't Yelp let you use half-stars? 

You'd be hard-pressed to find a spot with more ambiance than Cake. It's bright, bustling, and classy. Greenhouse-style windows add to the brightness, and twinkling lights enhance the overall feel. 

So go for the ambiance. As far as the food...well, it's ok.  Sometimes. Just ok. I've been here several times and never found any food that would bring me back. Cake used to be a bakery, and some of those items still entice, but entree items are pretty forgettable. 

the service varies, too. As far as the prices: well, it's trendy and it's Chestnut Hill, so there aren't really any surprises.
I have been to cake in the past, but I had the opportunity to take my Mom who was visiting for the Easter Holiday.  We stopped in for a wonderful afternoon lunch.  My ordered the Salmon Plate with a cup of mushroom soup.  I decided to go with the fish special - we made good choices.   The decor, the friendly wait staff and the tasty food make this place one good experience after another.  

If you are in the area - give it a try.
Awesome place for Brunch. The location is amazing - right in the heart of Chestnut Hill, the seating area is an old greenhouse and it's connected to a cool shop. 

Breakfast burrito was amazing. Croissant was bliss. Crab cake benedict is the bomb.
We really wanted to like this place.  It's a pretty space inside a greenhouse.   My husband was the only man in the place as this is clearly a "ladies lunch spot".  The smoked salmon BLT was good,  but the promised tarragon mayo was nearly non-existent.  The croque monsieur was terrible: cold, cheese not melted and the cheese that was melted had congealed.  Blech.  Two stale, dry cupcakes later and the meal was a bust.
The brunch selection was just okay, go for the pastry case items such as the citron tart. Delicious lemony goodness!
Definitely one of the best brunch spots in the city. Good food, eminently reasonable prices, great location, lovely decor, and best of all (and unlike most of my favorites near the Italian Market) it won't be mobbed by hungover fresh college grads at 1 pm.

I'm sorry, but I really prefer my brunch to be puke free. Call me odd.

Getting back on track... The food really is very good. I am a particular fan of the smoked salmon, topped with a crisp latke, while my wife might possibly be addicted to the cornbread in the breakfast plate. Not sure if they slipped some poppy in that or what? The breakfast burrito is good, albeit not quite the equal of a few I've had in California.

Also, and I can so rarely say this, their black coffee is pretty good. Why does no one know how to make coffee anymore? Sometimes I don't want a frappu-latte with low-fat non-GMO soymilk and a low-acidity espresso roast... just a coffee, thanks.
Cake is a cute little old greenhouse nestled in the heart of Chestnut Hill. I love coming here for brunch, lunch or just to pick up some dessert. It is a tad bit pricy (guaranteed $10+) so plan accordingly. Their sandwiches and salads are delicious, but I personally enjoy getting their quiche of the day. I've been going for a few years now and I've never been disappointed. Be sure to grab dessert after or just stop by and pick some up! They have a large array of tarts, my personal favorites are the coconut cream and citron. It is also BYOB so it's a popular boozy brunch spot. The only downside to Cake is the (almost) guaranteed 30 minute wait and slightly pricier side. Still highly recommend
Cake makes desserts. Bangin' delicious desserts. They also serve real food too and it's just as good as the baked goods. The french toast at Cake on a Sunday morning with a delicious hot cup of coffee makes me wish I lived in Chestnut Hill. 
The only reason why i know about this place is because my good friend/formerroommate has been working the counter for almost 4 years. On thursday nights, when they serve dinner, she would bring home a box of extra goodies after work. MMM what is better than a free cupcake? Or a ridiculously rich and decadent chocolate tart? Oh man, i miss those nights.
Today I went to Cake with one of my gfs! This place was on our list for places to try! And we are so glad we came! We didn't have reservations and got there around 12. We were told the wait would be 30-40 mins. I gave them my number and they told me they would call when a seat is ready. We went around the corner to Starbucks until then. We were seated near the window and it's very nice. It's in what was a Greenhouse! We both ordered the same thing which was the Breakfast Plate. We had a nice waitress and the food came out good and hot! We will def be back again!!
Went to Cake yesterday because my fiance' works in the area.  We only stopped in for tea. I also had a raspberry tart, which was pretty good. The decor of the place was kind of cool, so I think we'll return again for brunch. I'll update after we do.
The restaurant is listed as open until 2:30 on Sundays. I got there before 2, and was turned away because they were too busy. Not cool. If you're going to turn people away before 2, post your hours as 2:00. Don't give people the impression they can get there up until 2:30, then turn them away after they have driven across town to eat with you. (Or take reservations...but you don't do that either).
Today my mom brought a delightful treat for us to share with my fiance. We popped open a brown pie box (why?) and took a look at some suboptimally decorated cupcakes. Underwhelming, but who am i to sneer at a tiny version of a cake? 

We divvied them into thirds and savored a bite...these dense, sawdusty, Cool-Whip topped cupcakes were so terrible we didn't even swallow them. Spat them right out onto our plates. What a disappointment (sort of...any dessert lover in the know could have seen that these miniature cakes aren't even worth a food fight) 

I seriously question anyone who enjoys these cluster cakes. They have certainly never enjoyed the heavenly moist, flavorful deliciousness of Dia Doce in West Chester. Comparison aside, these Cake cupcakes were bland, over beaten, and they made me sad. Never again.
Very welcoming. Great brunch area and the locating is one of the best part. Even though they don't have much seating area, you might have to end up the waiting 45 mins to an hour. Depending on the time you go, but roaming around chestnut hill is great.

Talking about the food, the presentation is great, it makes you want to eat even if you come full (high you shouldn't).I got the frittata and the eggs were cooked perfectly and I was not disappointed. They are also very flexible to change your meal... change your side of home-fries to fruit, take out a vegetable or two, or even make your meal vegetarian!  

And finally when you are done, take a cupcake to go from their fresh bakery. But the one thing is that you have to pay for the quality of the food.
This place rocks!  If you are going for brunch make sure to get there early.  The line formed 30 minutes before they opened.

The building used to be a green house for Robertson's Florist but the owners have really done a fantastic job decorating it.  Our server was awesome and so was the food.  I had the crab cake eggs benedict and my brother tried the steak and eggs. Both were great choices.
DO NOT i repeat DO NOT GO HERE smh... First i took my mom and grandma here for lunch ,we were greeted promptly and seated at a table.As i sat down the waitress gave us our menus. The prices seemed reasonable ($10-15) ,once we has decided what we wanted we try to signal the waitress which seemed to be very preoccupied with socializing with her coworkers. I ordered the pastrami on raisin bread($10) a water and sprite ,my mom ordered the days special (grilled salmon) ($15)and my grandma ordered the shrimp and noodles ($12) and once we were served ,she did not bring my soda or napkins ....she never stopped back to check on us and i had to stop another waitress just to get the check ,which came up to $72 ... For the life of me i couldn't understand why the bill was so high for crappy service and 2 entrees and the days special ,that are listed supposedly between 10-15$ smh i paid and left a tip but will never return smh and if i was u i would also pass because the food is mediocre... Id rather go down old city to get my money worth :)
I think this place is kinda overrated.  I stopped in one day because the salads all looked/sounded so amazing, so I got the Greek grain salad.  It was okay.  I mean, it was good, but wasn't worth all of the hype.  Ambience is cool, but so far that's about it.  

I have not tried their baked goods or any other entrees, so keep that in mind when reading this review.
I absolutely love that this place is a giant green house. It's also connected to a flower/gift shop that is pretty cool

We came for Saturday brunch and there was a short wait for two people (maybe 10 minutes). The atmosphere is bright and sunny and perfect on a beautiful day. I had the quiche of the day (caramelized onions, mushrooms and fresh mozzarella). It was fantastic! The texture of it was perfect (that sounds weird, haha) and the flavor was better than expected.

We had to get a cupcake for dessert (the place is called cake!). I got an espresso flavored cupcake and it was a lovely end to the meal.
We had a birthday brunch at Cake today. I wanted to find something special and thought Chestnut Hill would be perfect, so we could walk around while waiting for a table. After reading the other reviews, I expected a long wait, but knew Cake would contact us via cell phone once there was a table open. We arrived at 11:10 and had a table for four by 11:20! Not a bad wait, at all.

It was gorgeous today, so the sunny atmosphere was perfect. 

Two disappointments that brought the rating from four to three: The menu has cappuccino and mocha, but the restaurant no longer serves anything other than coffee and tea. And Cake doesn't have a vegetarian (non-pork) refried bean option for the egg burrito. The dish didn't feel complete without it, but was still tasty.

Other people in my group tried the french toast (smelled incredible!), pizza, and one of the egg dishes. I definitely recommend trying the corn bread while waiting for your main course, very good!
Absolutely beautiful place outside and in. Good service. However for a breakfast/brunch place I was hoping for more of a selection of egg dishes like omelette and whatnot. As someone who tries to eat healthier there wasn't many healthy options to I opted for eggs, smoked salmon and a side salad. The side salad was about a handful of greens with bare minimum amounts of cucumber and tomato and a vinegarette. Definitely not somewhere to go if you're looking for variety, healthiness and plenty of veggies.
I've visited Cake many times and have always been pleased except for during my last visit.  Near the end of our meal the waitress asked us to give up our table and move to another part of the restaurant so that she could scoot our (current) table over to another to accommodate a group of 6.  We found this to be in poor taste and disruptive to our meal.  Otherwise, the food was good.
What's so great about Cake? Considering the long line to get in, how hot and stuffy it was once inside and the level of noise (no sound barriers, conversations just bounce off of the walls), I expected a pretty spectacular brunch menu. What I got was a fairly straightforward selection of food items. There were a few surprises but nothing that wowed me. The eggs Benedict I ordered was served hot and fresh but I can get the exact same dish for less money and for much less of a wait elsewhere. It took 17 minutes to arrive. The waitstaff was polite but obviously stressed out. The tables were jammed together so not only did I hear our conversations at a higher decibel, I heard everyone else's around us at high decimals as well. 
Overall, I would not recommend this place. While it has atmosphere (it was a greenhouse -- hence when the sun is bright in spring and summer it becomes a hot house) and has a really cute name, it feels more like a wannabe cool place rather than what it is; an overrated, stressful dining experience. Maybe dinner is better.
I live around the corner, and I don't eat here much.
Among the few visits I have made to Cake, since they moved to this location the service is generally slow, and most of the staff is pretty smug.  Today was no exception.
The food runner was the most pleasant person we dealt with today.  She responded well when my mother found hair in her french toast the moment it was served.  
As I pointed out in a recently added photo, they've got ham and cheese on a croissant that they call "Cake's croque monsieur".  
This business of restaurants passing of ordinary food as something novel or "haute-cuisine" is getting out of control.
Using exactly one ingredient from a dish, in this case ham found in a croque monsieur, doesn't make that dish a croque monsieur.  Even if you add more French ingredients, in this case, a croissant, which is not found in a croque monsieur.
Just think about the nonsense you find when you leave town and order a "Philly cheese steak" in a far off land.  This is way worse.
Next they'll start serving "Cake's fountain of youth iced tea" and "Cake's you don't have to pay taxes anymore scones".
pfft.
Cute bright spot with an interesting menu (maybe too much cheese and meat for my tastes). It took FOREVER to get our food (like almost half an hour). My quinoa salad was kind of bland (and the greens boring), and my friend's fig and prociutto sandwich was oversweet but a generous helping. However, the staff is friendly, and I've had good brunch there before.
You know - I was a bit disappointed with my trip to Cake, which is sad because this spot has been on my list for a while. I'm a huge plant girl and a huge brunch girl - so brunch in a greenhouse has me so sold. I will say my first qualm is no reservations. I will never understand this - aykm? 

Pros: aesthetic, brie cheese appetizer, BYOB!, the cute little store attached

Cons: not a wide breakfast selection, when we came something was up with the coffee machine - it was down, service was not great, I didn't love the breakfast burrito 

In all, I don't think I would come back. This is like the poor man's Terrain.  The neighborhood is super cute, so while you are waiting your 45+ minutes because they don't take ressy's, you'll have a lot to do in the surrounding neighborhood.
This place always has great vegetarian options. The salads are so big - and the dressings are a perfect compliment without being overwhelming. It's beautiful inside, too, and just a pleasant spot. I love the chance to go here!
Excellent setting---this alone will draw crowds since most Chestnut Hill restaurants really put no effort into decor/environment. This is a nice break from shopping for pastries and coffee.  Brunch/breakfast menu needs a few healthy choices.  Only complaint is really slow service. Have eaten there when packed on weekends, slow service to be expected but ate there yesterday-only 2 tables on weekday at 10am and took forever for scrambled eggs and frittata.   Also, be careful where you sit as you can have serious sun in your eyes.
After thinking about hitting up Cake numerous times, I finally bit the bullet and went this past weekend. Luckily, we only had to wait about 20 minutes on this lovely Saturday afternoon, granted it was probably after 1pm by the time we arrived so we missed most of the brunch crowd. Upon stepping inside, I realized why the wait is always so long...there are probably 15 tables at most! 

Obviously, the decor is great, particularly with all the natural sunlight shining through. 

Now for the food! I ordered the Croque Monsieur, which was made with a croissant, instead of the usual Brioche or thick white bread, a nice touch I must say! How can you ever go wrong with melted cheese and ham? I think it was a particularly great pairing because of how buttery croissants are on their own. I shared part of the Quiche de Jour, which had tomatoes, roasted corn, and mozzarella, and it was also fantastic! My other friends ordered the burger and breakfast burrito. Needless to say, we all left satisfied. 

Their baked goods display looked soooo good. I need to come back to try some of them!
LOVE this place!  I could tell from the first time I ate here for brunch, I would be returning again & again, and I'm sure glad I have!

Cake is a really cute restaurant (appearance-wise) to begin with.  It's great for the cold seasons because the sun is shining in to warm you up (no worries, there are shades so you won't be simultaneously squinting & chewing), and during the summer, you feel like you're outside, but it's nice & cool.  

*WARNING* If you want to go to Cake for a weekend brunch, you have to be there at OPENING practically.  I showed up about 15 minutes after opening, and I was already an hour down on the list for a party of 3.  No worries though, there are tons of shops up & down Germantown to browse while you wait.  They take your cell phone #, so you don't have to wait Cheesecake Factory style (practically at the hostess stand).
Another strange thing about Cake is that they are only open certain days for brunch and certain evenings for dinner (byob), so there have been a few times where I wanted to go, but they weren't open (sad).

At a lot of restaurants, you eventually develop favorite items and re-order those.  Not gonna happen here-- every new item I order, I've loved!  There's always something new to try.  I walk in thinking, "I'm gonna get that breakfast burrito, that was awesome!" and then I find myself ordering something completely different that I hadn't noticed last time, and loving it just as much.  Each meal's menu offers a good variety, without being crazy overwhelming (like IHOP).  I'm pretty sure they support local farms too, which I like.  

I've dabbled in the pastry counter as well, which is also tasty (duh).  When I take out-of-towners here, they always love it, and they usually walk out with a take-out bag of goodies to bring home as a token of their trip.  *yum!!*
Food was ok. Not too salty, which is rare. Waitress/manager was so unbelievably rude on multiple occasions.  Needs more vegetarian options and staff needs to be more polite. Sheesh, you're working for tips, right? Space is cool.
Friends took us here for brunch.  We came on a Saturday so unfortunately we didn't get the brunch menu, that's only on Sunday.  However the Saturday menu was decent with options for both breakfast and lunch foods.

Love the greenhouse bright sun/window atmosphere.  Even though the day was dark and dreary, whatever brightness poured in from the ceiling.

We had to wait a bit for coffee, however each time the waitress said it was a new pot being brewed.  And must admit the coffee did taste delicious when it came.  

Our party ordered both breakfast and lunch dishes and we liked it all.  My dish came with option of salad or home fries and I ordered the home fries.  They accidentally brought the salad, and when I pointed it out, they were super apologetic and gave me a huge order of home fries.  That's good customer service.

Try this place out!!  I'm glad our local friends took us here.
