WARNING!!! 
Came in at 5pm, bar was empty, we asked the person (not a bartender for sure) if the Happy Hour started.  He replied yes, we do HH at 5pm.  I clearly requested a "house" glass of white wine, and confirmed it is part of HH pricing.  The man behind the bar asked me "would you like the Chardonnay or Pinot Grigio?".  I replied, "the Pinot".  He gave me a very small pour in a very large wine glass.  He charged me $8.00 for the glass of wine.  I questioned this being a HH price of wine.  He argued with me that I requested a glass of Pinot Grigio.  He DID recognize that I requested "House" wine and "Happy Hour", but no matter, he continued to argue with me that the Pinot is not a house wine.  WHAT????
This is my third bad experience at Campbell's Place.  The service (especially at the bar) is so slow and unpredictable.  This establishment takes advantage of the 'real estate' and tourist that walk up and down the Hill.  
The food is decent tasting, but the portions are small, so don't plan on sharing anything.
If you are part of this great neighborhood, we strongly recommend walking up the Hill to Tavern on the Hill.  They are the real deal.
Well I've known Campbell's Place since I have been a kid.  When I would be in Philly it was a neighborhood place to go and the original owners - Mr. and Mrs. Campbell - were always so friendly.  Now it has been operating for the last many years with new owners and it is still as popular as ever.  It is def one of the 'Cheers' pubs in Chestnut Hill.  I will honestly say that Campbell's is slightly on the pricey side in my opinion and a full meal here with drinks can add up very, very quickly. Now the one food item that I think they are especially superb at making is their fried bleu cheese Brussels sprouts.  This is an amazing dish and my favorite Brussels sprouts in all of Philly & environs.  The last time I stopped in, Gene the personable bartender concocted for me a delicious Negroni (yeah I know it's winter but I was thinking summer) to accompany my Brussels sprouts. It was indeed a tasty pop-in to one of my very good neighborhood spots!
I had the worst experience here today.  Sat down, ordered a drink and a burger with a side of mayo.  Burger came out fast, no side of mayo.  Took ten minutes to get someones attention to get the mayo.  I attempt to eat my medium rare burger, it was completely raw.  I mean, cold in the center, and raw meat squirted out. After another ten minutes trying to get someones attention, they take it back to the kitchen.  They come out pretty quickly with the new burger, so I thought.  I notice as I bite it, that it's a new bun and what appears to be a microwaved patty with my old bite out of it!  Terrific!  I guess I could be mistaken about the microwaving, but can you really put eaten food back on the grill?  I attempted to eat it, but  it tasted awful.  Like they re-seasoned it, after microwave recooking, with a pile of dry spice.  It was still kind of raw, but now dry; because it's vintage at this point. 

I gave up and laid my card down on the bar.  I tried to get someones attention for 25 minutes to pay.  I should have walked out.  They never even attempted to ask me for another drink, which I had finished before my burger came out.  They also didn't ask me how everything was when I paid, because they know it sucked.  They looked directly at the disgusting mess still sitting on the plate.  They could not care less.

I'm never, ever going to this place again.  It's very rare occasion that I've felt my blood boil being so frustrated in a restaurant.  The staff was just hanging out together at the far end of the bar with some regulars.
Campbell's place was complicated. Here's why...

Upon coming, the service was cordial and polite. We sat and waited to be greeted by our server. It took a little longer than usual. Finally, we were greeted and placed our order. French Onion soup, Cheese Burger and Fish & Chips were ordered. 

The soup was said to have been really good, and by the looks of it, it was very appetizing. 

Cutting into the cheese burger my friend noticed how raw and undercooked it looked. I don't know about you, but I don't like eating raw, red ground beef. It wasn't medium rare, it was was rare and our server agreed. So she takes it back. We then asked if they would make a new one. She says, "yes, using the rest of what was left." We thought that was weird considering that my friend had to cut certain pieces that looked somewhat safe. We're like, "well how are you gonna 'construct' a burger like that?" Mmmnah, no thanks.

Fish & chips weren't good either. Now, to be fair I don't like beer battered fish which is what I hadn't realized it was. However, this was so greasy, it made me a bit queasy. I've had better fish and chips. 

All in all, it seemed very complicated. If I am ever in the mood for some soup, I'll consider returning for that.
Nothing to write home about.  Too LOUD and divey.  We sat in a booth across from the bar -- female bartender was yelling so loudly we couldn't hear each other.  She was eating while working and mostly hung out talking - I mean yelling with customers. 

Tried it three times. The last time there were two loooooong strands of hair in my veggie burger.  Waiter didn't seem to care and charged us for the meal anyway.  

Not a good place for a date or families.  Will not be going back.
The quesadillas were really good here. They came out hot and was flavorful. I enjoyed the outdoor seating with warmers. This is great if you prefer outdoor seating during the winter, particularly during the pandemic. We went during a relaxed time in the late after noon when it was a bit chilly. Tables were clean and they seemed to have been taking health safety precautions, giving us sanitizer wipes.
A solid 4 star stop in Chestnut Hill.  The service, the beers, the food...very very good.  This is a frequent stop of mine on a night you don't know what you want to do or eat.  A varietal menu with great apps and salads, albeit expensive salads, good bar food and warm comforting entrees from burgers through meatloaf to a nice grilled salmon.

Last night I started with a fresh, delicious salad of aged Gouda & Prosciutto,
mixed greens, pistachios & tossed in a sweet fig vinaigrette.  Followed it up with a wonderful rare sushi grade tuna on a soft brioche bun with a wasabi aioli.  The tuna is excellent, pure and tender and definitely not small.

The beers on tap rotate, but they continue to carry one of my faves, Racers 5.  Good bar service and a lively, happy crowd from the surrounding neighborhood. 

Stay just the way you are, you've got "it".
Blink while walking down Germantown Ave. and you may miss Campbell's Place.  Like other Chestnut Hill venues, their humble facade opens to a deep row of booths on the right and nice long bar on the left.  You might find that only a couple of friendly folks staff the place but they know everyone's name.  

Enjoy a frosty beverage while listening to some Sinatra or Bennett in  the background; only one TV off in the corner and it's muted so the relaxing atmosphere won't be disrupted.  Beer selection doesn't blow your mind, only four taps (Guinness, Harp, Lager, and Hoegaarden), but those plus some nice bottles like Stoudt's American Pale Ale and Sierra Nevada to quench your thirst.  Yes, you will find standard items like mussels and mozzarella sticks but they've got some varied entrees like chicken livers and 'lollypop' pork chops as well (most expensive entree goes for $16).

This place is just plain friendly; mostly couples in the booths for dinner and middle-aged single dudes at the bar, but not the sketch guys that leer at your lady (or you, lady) but respectful gents in for a beer and a burger.  I can't say enough about the wait staff, warm and attentive; definitely a spot inhabited by local regulars but strangers are more than welcome to drop by.
We decided on Campbells based on the Yelp reviews....oh Yelp you led us in the wrong direction. It happens so rarely so we will let it slide this time.

Campbells has nice / comfy decor....there is your two stars. We walked in and was greeted by an empty hostess stand. That is fine. We are adults who have been walking and sitting at bars for along time. Since every bar stool was empty we picked two great ones. After no one even approached us for 10 minutes we realized there was no bartender. First bar I've ever been to that had no bartender. We almost thought that we couldn't sit at the bar because we truly felt ignored, like we were doing something wrong.  

Finally a waitress came behind the bar and took our drink order and we got a couple menus. Food ordered and food showed up in a reasonable amount of time.

The food: 
Chicken Quesadillas - Super cold and small.
Chicken Sandwich - Pathetic. If I had a tape measure the piece of chicken might have been a 1/4" thick. 
Maple Glazed Brussels Sprouts - Not what I was thinking at all and actually kind of gross. Picture watered down maple syrup liquid in a bowl and then dropping a some Brussels Sprouts in. Had maybe 3 before I decided I was done eating.

Ordered one more round of beers from the waitress who just happened to be behind the bar at that point. We got lucky. Got one or our two beers. Solid waitresing. I'm actually glad she only gave my wife a beer and not me because I was done spending more $ there. 

Nice decor...but you can't eat or drink decor so we won't be back. Audi 5000 Campbell's Place.
Actually 3.75 stars, so I rounded up ;-)  What a nice find in Chestnut Hill.  I've never been here before, probably because I drove or even walked right by it without noticing it.  Thanks for the reco from a sexy friend ( I always listen to sexy friends), and followed up with reading reviews right here I found a nice low-key neighborhood place to venture to on a Saturday night. 

Campbell's has a real nice long bar on one side and tables on the other in it's narrow confines.  Although it was 7PM on a Saturday night there was no wait to sit at the bar and only a few people I saw waiting for a table.

The service at the bar was very good, friendly and fairly attentive.  There is a  small selection of very good beers.  I had the Racers5...excellent IPA from California.

For food, the flat bread special with gruyere and swiss chard, sounded creative but was kind of bland.  The mussels (small to medium in size) in a thai cococunt broth (the broth saved the dish) was OK.

The ahi tuna burger was a very fresh, sushi grade rare tuna on a bun with some aioli, I forget what kind of aoili, and thus that is how memorable that was.  But the tuna was as good as it gets. The fries were excellent.

Overall, half of every specific dish was very good, they needed to complete them, pull them together.  Also, the crowd was very calm and relaxed, less hustle and bustle than McMenamins if you are looking for a cozy night out.  Add this to my list of comfortable, relaxing places to hang and get something good to eat.
The very friendly folks here are key.  The entire atmosphere is welcoming.  Fresh flowers on the tables, local artists' paintings are cycled in regularly, TV is usually muted (with captions for those who just can't take their eyes off the idiot box for a second), and the music is typically a very classy (and non-bop) jazz mix - Ella, Sinatra, Ellington, etc.

Haven't had anything here yet that I didn't like, but I have noticed some inconsistency from visit to visit - likely because they prepare as much as they can from scratch rather than relying on a food service.

They seem to rotate in different beers (bottles and taps) with some regularity, but as a previous yelper noted, they are limited to 4 taps (the original copper lines).  Not sure how often they rotate the wine selection.  Neither beer nor wine selection is "huge" but if you've got a snob in your bunch (or if you're a snob yourself) there is enough of a selection so that everyone's tastes should be accommodated.

On busier nights they have a small seating area and second bar upstairs that they're starting to do a little live acoustic music in too.

I recommend the grilled chicken sandwich with garlic sauteed spinach and sharp provolone on a ciabatta roll.
If you want below average food and servers who don't give a crap this is the place for you.  Kelly, our server, took about 15 minutes to show up to our table. She was really uninterested in, well, everything. The food was nothing special. Drinks were not very creative. We definitely won't be back.
My mother and I went in and had a lovely meal. The hostess was sweet and so was our food runner. The atmosphere is very chill and comfortable. You can't always please people with quesadillas but they hit it on the mark we licked the plate.  However, after what happened it will be hard to return. I asked for a 6 pack and I planned to pay for the 6 pack with cash( I had it out in my hand showing the waiter) but he added it to the bill. Instead of bothering him we just payed the bill and tipped on the meal and drinks, and mind you OVER 20 percent. This is when he took the book to the server table and slammed it down and said "thanks for nothing." That would have been enough but then I heard him complain loudly to the bar tender. I was shocked! It ruined a nice experience. I'm a waitress myself I know the hardships, my mother and I were please and thank yous the whole time. We simply did not deserve that.
I really enjoy this place.  Great atmosphere.  Like others on here mention, I've passed by it 20 times thinking it was just a hole-in-the-wall.  But it's not!  When I finally stopped in, I just wanted a beer and to check out their menu.  It was a Thursday night.  The bartender was great (Raj, or Rodg?) and talked me into a Magic Hat No. 9.  He described it perfectly ("A sort of crisp, dry, even fruity ale") before giving me a little sample.  Later, when I asked to see a menu for a future stop-in, he described some of the dishes to me and mentioned that most of their items are made from scratch, not pre-made food-service junk.  He sold me.  Again great, worldly, intelligent bartender.

My wife & I went back on a Saturday night.  It was a lot more crowded (obviously) but everyone seemed in a good mood.  It seemed a lot of the people were locals and knew each other (a good sign to me).  Took a little while to get a booth across from the bar.  I ordered the burger with the blue cheese dressing and the sweet potato fries.  It was so good, I don't even remember what my wife ordered! 

We'll definitely come back with some friends.  Can't get that blue cheese burger off my mind.
Listed as a bar but you can't sit at a table if your not dining in. 

I used to live in Chestnut hill so I came to this place often and never had an issue. The food was always great and the service was great (unless you sit upstairs then the service can be little slow) My friends and I stopped by for drinks after having dinner somewhere else. When I approach the hostess station, I noticed the bar was full and the restaurant seemed little packed. So to make things easier, I asked if we can sit outside and the hostess said yes. As we are sitting, the server comes and tells us that they do not offer table service if your sitting outside but we are more than welcome to grab the drinks at the bar and sit outside. So we went inside and I realized there were 2 booths that were empty. So after getting our drinks from the bartender, we decided to sit inside. When I asked the hostess if we can sit at the booth, she was really rude and said "you guys can still sit outside, you just won't get table service" Then I told her since there are 2 empty booths, we rather sit inside instead of walking back and fourth. She was so hesitant to say yes then rudely said yes. Like..its not that serious..just let us sit and grab out drinks. It was almost 9:00 PM and there were no lines outside and if the people that are just "drinking" cannot sit on the booths or tables, then they shouldn't have sat the customer who are just eating at the bar!!!!!!!!!!! 

We chugged our drink and tried to leave as soon as possible. However, the bartender thought we were opening up a tab and never returned the card and when we asked for the check, he forgot to give our card back. So we had to go up to the bar again and get our card. 

I will never return to this place EVER AGAIN. Also the restaurant description should just change to "American" since it is obviously not a BAR if you get a different treatment if only drinking!
I really dislike this place. Service is awful. The first time we went here we grabbed a booth and ordered drinks. Once we received our beers, we sat and chatted. The server came by and said "Are you going to eat something or what?", as though we were either taking up precious dining space (we weren't, the place was half full) or that we were taking too long to order food (isn't it the waitresses job to say "are you folks interested in any appetizers or entrees?"). 

Second time we went, we received better service upstairs, but the food was bland. The turkey burger was unseasoned, tasting like a hunk of ground turkey and nothing more. Prior to eating upstairs, we had beers at the bar downstairs. Before heading up, I paid my $11 tab. The next day, I checked my bank account and found that I was charged the expected amount for dinner AND $40 at the first floor bar. I called the place and told them I bought $11 and was charged $40, their answer was that they place a $40 hold on the account, and it would revert to $11 in a few days. I have never ever had that happen at any other restaurant. Why temporarily charge me four times what I paid? Why put a temporary hold on my account? It's not like their a car rental service or something.
My wife and I came here Yesterday for my Birthday. We ordered 
Hummus and  it was very good. Now comes the bad Part. The bartender left for a bit and my wife and I decided on what to have for dinner. We saw him coming back and I raised my hand up to get his attention.  When he came over his comment to me was ' I  Guess you wanted me to run down here!' I told the bartender I wasn't trying to rush him, he then said in a gruff manner that he was only joking. i did not appreciate his tone at all. We left after that. My Grandparents owned this place for  years in the 1920's and 1930's and were known for their great customer service, especially the bartender's role. They would be Appalled. Needless to say we won't be coming Back here again anytime soon.....
I've tried Campbell's for outdoor lunch several times recently and have become a fan. The outdoor seating is pleasant, even though it's close to traffic noise on Germantown Avenue. It's a sunny spot, but the tables have sun umbrellas. The lunch menu includes the usual pub fare items, plus some vegetarian and even vegan options. Although it's a typical lunch menu, there's a lot of attention to how they cook and present the items. The Seitan Cheese Steak Sandwich is excellent, especially with the Amoroso roll. One of my deputy Yelpers pronounced the Classic Reuben a winner. Most recently, I had the Fish & Chips - very nicely done with Tilapia, so it's a little smaller and more delicate fish than some huge cod or haddock versions. The beer batter is light, not a big grease bomb. Comes with a small side of very creamy slaw. Deputy Yelper pronounced the Buttermilk Battered Chicken Sandwich "simply the best ever." The French fries consistently get raves. The wait staff are always very pleasant and attentive.

The beer on tap is not a huge selection, but they cover the bases quite adequately. Having the Guinness Stout on tap is probably about all I need to see on a list.

COVID update: as of August 2021, they require proof of vaccination for dining inside (photo of vaccination card is acceptable).
I was VERY surprised by this place. We walked in and I immediately said to my wife "lets go to Iron Hill", but I'm glad we stayed. The food was actually damn good (had the salmon) and the beer list was also pretty damn good. This is definitely one place you shouldn't judge by the cover. Quite a nice little find. Will certainly be back.
Went to Campbell's last Thursday and was very disappointed. Service was very slow and once we ordered our server never came back to check on our food. The burger we ordered well-done was as pink as could be and the portobello mushroom sandwich had no flavor and was difficult to eat because it kept sliding off the bun. Since there are several other restaurants in the area with similar menus I will never return to Campbell's.
Very disappointed. They are definitely not able to accommodate groups. 
They forgot to make my meal (a quesadilla! Not that taxing to make) and ended up having to take it boxed to go home after waiting 45 minutes. Would have rather they taken the meal off the group bill. 
The other people on my party said food was just okay. It was the only place in Chestnut Hill that was taking reservations that night. Don't waste your time
This place has good vibe written all over it. Seriously, it is a great place! Great service , food an d atmosphere make for a great night out. I really enjoyed the Lobster Roll special that I got, and my hubby really scored with the cheesesteak that he ordered. It may have been the best I have ever tasted. 

Good job Campbell's! Bringing real food to a neighborhood bar near you! xoxo
The food is good, we had mussels (they were good but I've had better), paella ( tiny for the price), hummus and cheese balls. I liked their beer selection but I only give them 2 stars for 2 reasons: the tiny portions and the pushy waitress. The waitress kept coming to our table, asking if we were going to order anything else, took my unfinished beer, brought the bill when one of us was still eating. It was a very stressful situation and I won't come back.
Went in with a large group for lunch today.  One person working the entire place, and she tried her best but it was easy to see she was run ragged.  Ordered a variety of food that ranged from meh bland to wtf that looks horrific.  And those biscuits and gravy were so far from true biscuits and gravy.  Instead of fresh biscuits with sausage white gravy, these were 2 biscuit like pucks half submerged in some sort of thing, brown broth, with sliced up pieces of link sausage strewn on top.  The glass water bottle on table our table had clearly visible mold in it.  The breakfast burrito was weak at best, and the chicken sandwich was unseasoned, bland and flavorless.  To top it off the kids hated the Mac and cheese.  Definitely will not go back.
Campbell's has the feel of a comfy old world tavern with the creative menu of a center city restaurant.  Chef Rob Mullen's vision for the Campbell's kitchen includes "A focus on delicious and high quality food made with the freshest local ingredients."  Rob has extensive culinary experience and has even toured with U2.

I headed over to Campbell's with some family members on a Wednesday night in October.  Campbell's is on Germantown Ave right next to Fiesta Pizza.  The exterior of the restaurant is not eye catching but the food certainly is.  As you walk in booths line the right wall and the 100 year old  bar runs along the left wall.  

The interior of this place just exudes a warm cozy feeling.  The wood ceiling and warm lighting just set the stage for a fantastic experience.  Our server came right over and took our drink orders.  The beer list features about 50 bottles had  included several of my favorite Belgians.   On draft they feature  5 rotating taps in addition to their standard beers.

After perusing the menu I decided to go with our server's and a friends recommendation of the Bourbon Pork.   Our other entree's were the Crab Quesadilla, Fish & Chips and Chicken Pie.  As we waited for our meals we sampled some Franziskaner Hefe-Weissbier, Palm & Lindeman's Kriek. The Lindeman's almost tasted like fruit juice.  It would go perfect with desert.

Our food came out promptly and everything looked great.  The Bourbon Pork consisted of a well cooked tenderloin accompanied with sweet potato mash, house baked beans & their signature brussel sprouts.  I think there were a few pieces of roasted pear on this dish but I'm not 100% sure.

Can I have more brussel sprouts?  Yeah I said it.  I couldn't believe it either.  The brussel sprouts were tender, sweet examples of culinary genius.

The Chicken Pie was a baked Puff Pastry stuffed with a ton of shredded chicken and veggies over a bed of lettuce.  My mom's Crab Quesadilla was good and very spicy.  The Fish and Chips was good but not mind blowing.

Campbell's has me wanting to go back tonight.  Seriously,  I was that impressed.  I would not only like to eat a Campbell's but its a cool spot to just grab drinks.

Creative menu.. Top notch service.. Diverse beer list.
Waited and hour before they came back to check on us. Food was underwhelming and the service was terrible and stand-offish.
We love Campbell's. The food is incredible and the atmosphere is great as well. Try the Spicy Steamers, best sauce ever. Specials are always good as well and great beer selection. Highly recommend this Chestnut Hill gem.
Walked in one Friday night and felt welcomed from the minute we arrived. We were treated to a great assortment of beers and wines and a nicer than average menu with some really delicious options. A great evening with innovative food in a very casual setting.
We go here regularly for family dinners and meeting friends. The mussels cooked with beer and blue cheese and bacon is so delicious that .I order the same thing every time. It is great for kids with a reasonable selection of child friendly items on the menu.  From the outside it looks like a bit of a hole in the wall but inside is very nice with exposed brick and changing art exhibits.  Downstairs is small and cozy with booths. There is space upstairs for bigger tables.
Soda was flat. Fish and chips were very fast food like and I left hungry. If you like homemade pirogies, those were good.
Always a great meal and service at Campbells! The staff are always very nice a tentative to all of the customers!! Thank you Gene for you wonderful service!!
I'm not sure I think this place is a-ok, but I'd go for three stars rather than two stars.  Two seems too harsh.

I've been to Campell's a couple of times in the last couple of months, and a few times over the years before that.  

My short version is:  heart is in the right place, execution doesn't quite cut it.

As a vegetarian, I appreciate that they're trying.  Really.  And, they let dogs come sit at the outside tables.  And, the service is fine.  I think their pricing is fair enough for what they are and where they are.  

But, the last two meals have been disappointing.  Had the seitan cheese steak last visit.  Meh.  Last night, had the arugula salad which was a bit overdressed, but nice.  Then had the nachos.  I had read the description so I should have been forewarned (that's on me), but when I asked the server about them she said "authentic."  I think that's what's lodged.  But, they weren't "authentic."  They were mostly chips, with a weird sort of refried bean something spread over some of the chips, and an even weirder cheese sauce spread over the whole thing.  Again, it's on me that I didn't question cheese sauce in the menu description, but why put cheese sauce on nachos?  Totally unsatisfying meal, and for 10 bucks, not withstanding my comment on fair pricing above, I think way over priced.

Partner had a cheese steak last night and also thought "meh."  Last time had the wedge salad and liked it.  

Beer list is good, though, and really, heart's in the right place.  Can't have everything?  I wouldn't rule it out, I just wouldn't go with high expectations for a culinary delight (though meatatarians have reported the burgers are good.)
The food is very good, but on the pricier side for what it is. Service is prompt, but not particularly warm. Great for sitting outside on a nice night in Chestnuthill. My favorite is the tuna burger with wasabi mayo done medium rare,a nd my husband loves their chicken pot pie. They recently added vegan/ vegetarian entree options which is great too.
I saw a picture of the Campbell's Place lobster roll on the cover of Main Line Today Magazine last September and finally got around to trying it tonight! It was absolutely delicious!! Best lobster roll I have had to date.

I came here for dinner and my experience was great. My lobster roll was amazing and service was impeccable. Our waitress was friendly and our food came out only 10 minutes after ordering. 

I would probably not recommend this restaurant as a dinner destination. Campbell's Place is primarily a bar, so the atmosphere inside is dark and slightly grungy. But if you're looking for drinks and a great lobster roll, this is the place to go.
The food here is really, really GOOD.  Everything is always consistently great (IMO).  Must haves are the mussels they run as a special.  They're done in a hoegardden sauce that's to die for, great soups, pork sliders, and just about everything else on the menu for that matter.

Sunday brunch is fun and again tasty!  Enjoy a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary.

Good people and good times.
I'm posting this in hopes that Campbell's will hear my cries for help.  Campbell's - what's happening??  You were one of my go-to spots.  Great food, great beer, great portions/prices.  The last time I ate there (March '10), I was disappointed and, hence, have not returned.  The portions were much smaller and the foots slightly inferior.  Of course, the beer and staff were great.  But, I was so into the food!  Please listen, please go back to your old ways.
Love this place.  My husband and I go as often as possible.  The food is excellent and we always feel welcome.  It is a great bar with a very good beer selection, but we prefer sitting in the booth area.  It took us a while to discover Campbell's because it doesn't look like much from the outside, but now we are hooked.
Have been a life long customer, even worked for Mary and Jim. Always good food and Drinks.
I was pleasantly surprised with the interior after walking in. Nice lighting-warm tones-booths that are not formica tops with hideous lighting above!  They even had a fresh flower on the table!   Headed there for brunch and although the menu is pretty small everything was good. Omelets and Heuvos Rancheros were both very good. In fact, I was glad to see the salsa was fresh and actually spicy. I almost never order mexican dishes here in PHL because the spice is always weak. This was good and they did not fatty it up with cheese or tons of oil--2 eggs served over corn arepas(not tortillas but the arepas were really good with good texture) with guac on the side and salsa on top.  Pancakes looked very good with fresh raspberries,blueberries and blackberries. Definately cool place to get a burger and beer / wine for dinner. Good job!
This has quickly become our default neighborhood place to pop in and grab a quick bite, drink or catch the last few innings of the game.  The menu is pretty solid, with your standard pub food, comfort food, as well as a new specials, however the salads are usually quite anemic & spartan, and their wings are on par with store bought wings.  But on the upside, I always seem to underestimate just how good their mussels are.

Good beer selection on tap, but they could mix it up a bit -- seems like they've been carrying some of it on tap for nearly a year now.  Can't really comment on their wines or well drinks.

The pub pretty narrow, so seating can get kinda tight, especially if you have a group of 5 or more.  The place is a healthy mix of family and younger folks, so as a result, it does tend to fill up quickly for dinner later in the week and on weekends.  They take cash or plastic.  Unlike under the previous ownership, the waitstaff if very friendly and helpful.  Love this place.
Met a coworker for a drink after work. We sat at the bar and were ignored for ten minutes. She finally gave up and walked over to the bartender, who was chatting up a man at the other end of the bar. She looked annoyed as she made her way over. No smile, no sorry for the wait. We were informed of specials only after we asked. Luckily there is outside seating available, so we took our beers into the sunshine. It was a warm day, and the outside service was much better. We shared some nachos, and while good for bar food, they were the priciest I've ever ordered. With so many other great places in the area, we'll go somewhere else next time.
The bartender was just JUST so rude right to our faces. Attitude to customers??? Are you kidding me??? Bad
Service means no return EVER for us. Bummer. We live right down the street. Ah well. Off to other bars!!!
I have had 2-3 bad meals here over the last couple of years but today was by far the worst. Ordered the special buttermilk fried chicken sandwich for lunch (was not good, and I'm not a picky eater) it turns out when I got the bill it was $19 despite all the other comparable items on the menu being $10-12. Not cool. Also the soup was gross. I don't recommend eating here.
Cute place! Both indoor and outdoor seating available. 

Brussel sprout app was really something, unique and famous. Really not something you would expect but worth sampling 

Service: 5/5, our waitress Kate was busy but on top of things. Good mask procedures for staff 

Braised Short Rib- 4.5/5 outside of the beef was a little bit overdone but was delicious. Mashed potatoes with vegetable sauce was delicious. 

Veggie Meatloaf - 4/5 green beans were perfectly done but veggie meatloaf was mushy. 

Burger: 5/5 cooked medium well and was perfect. Fries were kind of weird though. 

House red was good 

Bread with appetizers was nice and crusty.
I got the seitan cheese steak with mushrooms. It took awhile to find the very small amount of cheese on the sandwich. My friend thought I didn't get any cheese. The flavor was bland & this supposedly hot sandwich was not even warm, room temperature at its best. My friend got a salad with salmon & was it ever a small salad. I hadn't been there for a long time & it seemed to me to be not as good as before.
Had a cheesesteak there.  Absolutely nothing special.  Roll was 1/2 stale.  One side of the cheesesteak had barely any meat on it.  Like it was pretty much all roll.  Had to tear off 1/2 the roll as the bite would have been all roll. Even had to spit the 1st bite out as it was grizzle/fat.  $11.75 for an awful sandwich.  Safe to say I won't be going back to try anything else.  It's a shame, cause I  wan to support a local business.
A wonderful classic neighborhood bar and restaurant. Serving really tasty food. The staff is friendly top to bottom and the menu is eclectic along with friendly service. During the COVID-19 emergency they have created a food for friends regardless of cost or station in life. We tried it in order to support the cause with making a relatively small dinner purchase and nice size donation. They were completely respectful and organized regarding appropriate safeguards. We think it was a wonderful gesture and an impeccable operation that put the food well wrapped and warm after having ordered from the menu by phone into our car. What a classy For the common good. Try the 50-50 burger, beef and Italian sausage, greatest taste. April 2020
Cute little pub in Chestnut Hill. Went on a Thursday night around 7pm. Seated right away. The menu isn't huge but I had a hard time picking my entree out because I wanted to try everything. I settled on the Tuna Burger with wasabi sauce. I was a little disappointed because it was supposed to be rare and it was slightly overcooked. However, the fries were delicious. I'd definitely go back.
I tried this place for the first time and fell in love with the atmosphere. There is soft jazz music playing in the background and cool art on the walls. It was unique. 
Food: 
I tried the brussel sprouts. They were very good, and I don't even like brussel sprouts! 
I ordered the duck salad. It was served chilled, and it was tasty. It was a large serving for $16.00. I had left overs.
For desert I ordered the chocolate cheesecake with Oreo cookie crust. I did not like it. It came with a side of whipped cream and chocolate chips and it was just not enjoyable. It was homemade, but it just didn't have much flavor or consistency. 
Service: The service was good, but not exceptional. I ordered bread on the side and had to remind the server to bring it out to me. I was brought a very generous serving that was almost a half loaf of bread. It came with a side of frozen butter. When I was trying to decide between the house Cabernet  and St. Vincent's, one of the waitresses said that St. Vincent's was only a dollar more. Well, it was 2 dollars more a glass. It was 9 dollars a glass.  (Lesson learned: Double check all prices on the wine list prior to ordering.) The ladies who waited on me were very pleasant  and personable. 
Price: Maybe it's me, but it seemed pricey. The brussel sprouts were around 9 or 10 dollars, the duck was 16 dollars, the wine was 9 dollars for one glass, the desert were 7 dollars and the Diet Coke was 3.50.
I will come here again, however because I want to try the lobster roll and the house wine. I love the atmosphere! 
I recommend trying this place at least once. It's worth it!
Found this place while in Chestnut Hill  on June 19, 2019 waiting on our dinner reservation at Mica. 

The decor was charming (see photos) and the quaint setup had me thinking this looks like a great neighborhood hangout.

We enjoyed our cocktails that was made quickly and with a friendly manner from the bartender.

We didn't get to check out the food but for a weeknight there was a nice crowd enjoying the scene and their dinner.
Cheese steak had more bread then meat it was sad. The bread was stale and falling apart and thick. The Shepard's pie was so bland it made no sense. Sent both back. Used to come here back in the day because they had good food. Welp not anymore. Last time Campbell's take care.
Had dinner last night with three friends. Really bad food with lackluster service - hopefully it was just an off night. The place was packed and had a really good vibe - they need to fix the kitchen/front of house issues.  The steak was rare, sent back and returned rare. The wedge salads were more of a slice drowned in dressing and the Brussels sprouts were similar-swimming in maple syrup. The waitress was nice enough but never asked how anything was even after the steak was sent back or while clearing a barely touched meatloaf. The artichoke app was unpalatable at best. Portions were small for the price. With all the other spots one Germantown Ave we probably won't be returning here anytime soon.
Went last nigh, poor service at the bar - and $16 for a small bowl of watery chili was a total rip off.  Food took really long to come out, had to interrupt the bartender to get a drink, even though there was almost nobody there.
The service was great. Our server was clearly handling too many tables but they pulled it off without missing a beat. The ribs and fries were delicious. The calamari was pretty bland, but not as offensive as the Shepherd's Pie. The rest of this review is for the Shepherd's Pie. 

This atrocity needs to be removed from the menu immediately. I simply cannot believe this was served to paying customers. Imagine eating thick, warm, mildly spiced hamburger grease.  The topping tasted of Walmart brand instant potatoes mixed with too much burnt cheese. I didnt have the heart to send it back because our server was so gracious with the rest of our service so we hid it under some other plates. 

Please, I implore you, do not order this abomination. Skip the calamari too.
Came here for dinner on a weekday. Place was not to crowded we were seated immediately. Wait staff was very attentive. However the main reason I am writing this review is because of the food. We ordered short rib with mash and the seafood pasta dish (forgot the name) as well as fried calamari for the app. Such a disappointment. I wish I had taken pictures. The calamari were the smallest I've ever seen. Tasted like actual rubber bands, hard and chewy with no flavor. The short rib came seated on a hearty portion of mashed potatoes. Which normally I would love cept the mash was so cold, and the short rib was warm. At that point we were too hungry to send it back. The short rib itself lacked flavor although was nicely tender. The seafood pasta was the better out of the dishes we ordered but even that was lacking, too much tomato base and seafood was definitely not fresh at all. 0/10 highly disappointed. With the $$ expected more from the food. Will not be returning.
Highly disappointed. I was here a few years back and had a good experience, so I was surprised at the lack of customer service and cleanliness. First, I don't know if they were short staffed or what, but they took *forever* to do everything. My sister and I ordered burgers, but yet my Dad had to wait over 30 minutes for his salad? By the time his salad came out, we were finished. The blue cups they gave us to drink water out of were DIRTY. Black floaties inside and on the rim of the cup. Overall, our server was nice, but extremely slow and never really came back to check on us.
Used to be easily 5 stars but something changed about a year or so ago. Quality went downhill while prices stayed the same. Lobster Mac and cheese used to be to die for - now suddenly it is watery goop with minimal lobster. I hate to see an incredible spot suddenly go downhill. Left wondering what happened and why? Hope they rally and something changes.
So this was my first time eating at this establishment. I ordered a salad that was incorrect. I shared this with the server before leaving and it was made the correct way. The salad was really good but I was disappointed after reviewing my bank statement. I  noticed that my credit card was charged $42.00. The salad was only $19.98. I woke up this morning to notice another charge of $39.96. The only charge should be $19.98 for the salad. I called several times today to speak with a manager and haven't received a call back. I was told that the manager wouldn't be in until 4pm. I decided to go to the restaurant to discuss this matter with someone in person. When I arrived I was told again that the manager was not in and they didn't know when he would arrive. I find it very strange that there isn't a manager or supervisor on site to speak with customers. 


The bartender came over to speak with me and stated that the message was passed along to the manger via text. I began to share the issue with my credit card being charged multiple times. I was told that the manager would be the person to call me back as they have " no access to the accounts". The bartender then became very defensive and rude as I began to say how this was unacceptable. He stated that I know you called "6 times" but it's nothing we could do. I thought that was very rude. I informed him that my card has been charged multiple times and I will continue to call until this is handled. Let me make it clear that the $39.96 was charged TODAY. As I was talking my mask started to slide down. I continued to pull the mask up but was yelled at by the bartender" can you pull your mask up". I informed him that the mask was sliding and I understand the importance of having a mask on. 

I still haven't heard from the manager and my card is still charged $81.00. I must say there was a server that came by to listen to my story. I didn't catch her name but she was sweet and very helpful. She listened and agreed to follow up with the manager. There was a black gentleman that came over to simple listen to the conversation or play pretend security. Not sure why he was even called over to the door. Maybe the bartender didn't like my tone and felt as if he needed the black server to assist him? Anyway, I am planning to contact my bank to dispute this matter further. I will NO longer spend a dime at this restaurant. Anyone who decides to come here, make sure to have cash!!!  FYI: Still no call back from the manager!!


Update: manager called me back!  Working on the money being refunded. He was very nice!!
