The Good: I like the space. The decor is perfect for a hip little mexican joint.

The Bad: Our chicken quesadillas were ok. Certainly better than one would get as bar food at any non-mexican joint. The real problem was with the pieces of chicken meat in them. Several sinewy  tendon pieces and an over all texture like one gets from sub-par chinese food. 

The Ugly: THEY ARE SCREWING THEIR CUSTOMERS. I found a tequila I like on their menu advertised for $8.50. No other explanation, so you can have a shot, or a marg, or whatever, right? Wrong! The check comes and drinking it on the rocks is a $3.00 up charge!!!!!  No lime juice, no cointreau, no shaking. Just put ice in a glass, pour liquor over ice...$3.00! I am tired of these faux trendy spots dropping an up charge for pouring what should be the same amount of liquor over ice, so I complained and they took off the charge, but only after I got a condescending "education" on how they screw people. 

The waitress explained to me (in a "you dumb-ass" manner)  that drinks and shots are made with 1oz pours and that on the rocks was 1.5oz. and so they cost more. THIS IS BULLSHIT! Shots and drinks are (should be) made with 1.5oz of liquor and then add the rest of your ingredients. The exceptions are "pony shots" which are 1oz pours, but one finds this with fine brandies and cognacs. To add insult to injury, our drinks were not even 1.5oz!  

I spent ten years behind a bar in Austin, Texas. Five of those years as the head bartender in an Interior Mexican restaurant that is considered one of the best in the world. Two more as the bar manager of a more trendy and fast paced Tex-Mex joint. I know how to pour a proper drink. 

Don't assume your patrons are idiots, it's the fastest way to loose them.
Step  #1- In need of a delicious Sunday Brunch for the lovely wife and myself.
Step  #2- Used  Yelp to find these folks with 400 reviews and a solid 4 stars.
Step  #3- Drool over Brunch menu.
Step  #4- Invite friend and fellow Yelper Nando F. and his beautiful wife to join us.
Step  #5- Enjoy an AMAZING meal with good friends at a wonderful restaurant!
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The lovely wife and I were early and Nando was running late. What to do? What to do? I know, sit at the bar and enjoy a pitcher of margaritas!  Excellent bartender Chris had a suggestion.  A normal pitcher of Classic Margaritas is $22.  For an extra $4 he would use super-premium tequila that would normally cost much more.  The result was deliciousness and SMOOTH!

The atmosphere here really appeals to me.  It's a typical very old Northern Liberties building divided into a bar side with some tables and a dining room. Lots of wood and a little bit of a dive feel.  Love it.

Nando and his wife arrived and we perused the menu.  It turned out that we each ordered a different entrée.  I decided on BEEF PICADILLO EMPANADAS ($9) as an appetizer.  It was three large pieces that were nicely stuffed, beautifully fried and not greasy.  Some of the best empanadas I've had.

My entrée was HUEVOS CON CHORIZO ($11) that included scrambled eggs, chorizo, white rice, refried beans, pico de gallo, and breakfast potatoes.  I love chorizo and this was excellent.  I resisted licking the plate!

The lovely wife ordered CARNE ASADA ($23).  It was a smoked 10 Oz. ribeye plus two eggs, drunken beans, and fried sweet plantains.  It was almost embarrassing how much she raved about it.  Nando and I each tried a bit of the steak and it was OMG delicious.

Throughout the meal or waitress was excellent. She was friendly and efficient and overall five stars.

Speaking of stars, Nando and I agreed that we had an awesome four star experience.
Came here on a Saturday evening with another couple, we had tickets to see a show at the Fillmore, and figured we'd walk over to Dos Segundos since we've heard great things.

The place is really cute, and has a bar to hang around and order delicious margaritas if you've got time on your hands.  We had reservations around 6:30, so the noise level wasn't outrageous.  There's a bar area with table seating - the ambiance was considerably louder (and more fun) in there, but we sat in the back of the side room, and had no problems hearing one another.  We were served chips and salsa as soon as we sat down, and the salsas were great - there was a verde which was fresh, and a red sauce that had a bit of a kick to it - both were great.

For drinks, we all agreed to share a pitcher of the Verano Adentro Margaritas (Endless Summer) - which was a delicious kick in the pants - it's got a good flavor and heat to it!  The cucumber and the jalapeno are a perfect balance, plus at $8/glass or just $36 for an entire pitcher, it's a great deal. The pitcher is large, and we each had about 2 drinks' worth of margs. The drink consists of tequila, combier, cucumber, and jalapenos - yum.

Despite my unconditional love for guacamole, we ventured out of the box and ordered Platanos Machos for an appetizer.  My friend LOVES fried sweet plantains - they were good, but I personally don't love sweet plantains.  The cook was perfect, crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle - slightly sweet and served with queso fresco and crema.  Great for sharing, plenty are served to an order. 
 
For dinner, my husband and I shared The Pollo Tacos and the Carne Asada Fajitas.  The one disappointment about the tacos was that you cannot mix/match the flavors.  Two tacos come to an order, so I had to get 2 pollo tacos, rather than a pollo and a vegetable taco.  The tacos were really good though, came with achiote chicken, lettuce, guacamole, and chihuahua cheese.  Each taco is served with 2 shells - a fact that I just found strange.

The fajitas were plentiful and delicious.  More than enough for share, even if we hadn't ordered the tacos.  We chose the Carne Asada Fajita, it was served with peppers, onions, mushrooms, epazote, cumin oil, tortillas, refried beans, lettuce, guacamole, and pico.  Very good!  Would order these again, but definitely to share.

The space is really cool - would be a fun place to grab a delicious spicy margarita before heading out for the evening.  By the time we left, it was pretty crowded, so reservations are a must!
Oh WOW ! I know I can come up with a better expression than "oh wow"? Let me see , how about "Oh my goodness to everything that is Spanish!". OK , well that's a little better , I mean I am still at a loss for words for an unbelievable meal that we enjoyed here. You know it doesn't matter how I try to express this experience we had at Cantina, you'll just have to go and I'll see what you come up with. 

I keep on getting more impressed with Northern Liberties in what they are trying to do for the community along with the local vendors. I am telling if you saw this area 10+ years ago you'd keep on driving, but times are changing and No.Libs. is on the right path. 
  
The lovely wife and I  had the pleasure of joining Steven and his lovely wife for an AMAZING brunch. A perfect Sunday if you ask me with the fall weather , being somewhat seasonally warm one couldn't ask for a better day.  Someone say Margaritas?   All I know is the homemade salsas and chips served were inhaled. 

Steve and I both went with an appetizer  with " Beef Picadillo Empanadas" for $9.00. First off if we would have known there were going to be 3 served per order, it is safe to say we would have ordered a single order.  These 3 were nothing but perfect. A lightly fried crusted, beef filled Empanada  that didn't leave your hands with an oily residue that you would get from the fryer.  Also with this came a fresh cup of their homemade guacamole.  Holy moly that is good guacamole added to this perfectly seasoned beef, just delicious. 

For my order I had decided on getting the " Flautas con Huevos " for $13.00. Let me just try to explain to you my heavenly dish I had demolished. This starts off with (4) crispy corn tortillas filled with roasted chicken , my 2 eggs I had asked to be scrambled.   Now I had asked for cheese and chorizo to be mixed in with the eggs,  with white rice and black beans on either side they went  and covered in a crema queso fresco. I also added a side of cut potatoes for the table to enjoy for another $2.50

My lovely wife had been eying up several different options seeing she is Mexican, she makes all these dishes (and yes I do enjoy her cooking)  so for her to decide is the real test. Mi Amor ( my love in Spanish) decided to go with the "Chilaquiles" for  $15.00.  This dish is HUGE, we all were looking at it even my wife was shocked . This  is a tortilla casserole with a tomato salsa, creme queso fresca, with chicken added to her dish. This also comes with 2 eggs, so she decided to go with scrambled. The only issue she had was it didn't come with beans.  

Our waitress Estefania was very helpful, she also recommended the next Margarita in Passion Fruit  which the ladies enjoyed. The atmosphere and decor had the vibrant colors, the brick archway separating the two rooms with that beautifully wooden bar, showing the craftsmanship all  made for an enjoyable meal. 

 I have said this before and yes I will say it again, 1 word 3 syllables, De-Li-Cious. DELICIOUS!!  Now you see why I said "Oh WOW".  What ever you do, make sure you do not eat anything before coming here. The portions are ginormous with every inch of your plate covered.
Out of both Cantinas, Dos Segundos is my clear favorite. I can't really explain why, but I guess I like the vibe a bit more and the bathrooms are definitely a big step up from their Los Caballitos cousin. But the food and service at both spots are on point, which is really what it all comes down to, anyway.  

My favorite thing to order as of late has been the mahi mahi tacos. Served street-taco style, with only cilantro and onions on top, the corn tortillas are doubled up and hold generous chunks of perfectly cooked fish. I always get a side of guac to put on top, and with some salsa verde from the table and a couple hits of Cholula, I am good to go. 

The scallop ceviche on a recent visit was generously portioned and had nice flavors. And the nachos are killer and large enough to feed a party of 6 (although I'm sure I could put a major dent all on my own if need be). 

Randomly enough, the coffee is delicious. You wouldn't expect anything fancy, but they serve La Colombe brew, which just goes to show that this restaurant group (they own both Cantinas, the Royal and the Khyber) likes to do things right, down to the very last detail.
What's better than getting your drink on starting at noon-thirty on a sunny Friday afternoon?  Getting your drink on starting at noon-thirty on a sunny Friday afternoon... outside!

While it's not plentiful, there's seating on the sidewalk in front of Cantina Dos Segundos.  And given that it was midday on a Friday, that not-plentiful seating was plenty enough for us to wash down some enjoyable munchies with a whole pitcher of blood orange margaritas (on the rocks, of course).

They don't screw around with the margaritas here.  It may sound frou-frou, but our blood orange margaritas were not light on the tequila.  Plus, we each had our own little plate of rimming salt (or rimming sugar, as the case may be) for handy personalized re-application between drinks.

Oh.  That's how our meal -started-.  It ended with two "specials" - a.k.a. "especiáls:" a can of Tecate and a shot of tequila.  Needless to say, after three glasses of margarita, this seemed like a good idea.  And when our server decided that he wanted in on the fun that we were obviously having without him, he decided that he wanted in on another round of tequila shots with us.  That -also- seemed like a good idea at the time.  In retrospect, this may have been detrimental to my overall productivity for the remainder of the afternoon - just don't tell the higher-ups!

Outside of unnecessary amounts of alcohol, my salad mixta was solid.  It didn't look like much but a pile of lettuce, but once you dig down past that, it's chock full of fresh goodness, including creamy avocado, tender hearts of palm, and tangy slices of citrus fruit.

...And the boy's room is sexy.  Not in a dirty sort of way.  It reminded me a little bit of the bathrooms at the old Patois in Brooklyn.  Down a set of stairs and down a corridor, the light in there is covered with what appears to be custom sheet metal with little star cut-outs.  The scented candles above the sink add to the sexiness.

I'd be willing to return.  Bring on the 'ritas!
Overpriced and uninspired.

Came here for their restaurant week deal but don't think it's worth the hype. 

This place is located in No. Libs, and the surrounding area is poppin' with restaurants and shops. We found easy street parking a block away and walked over. 

Walking in - they have the motif down. Cozy, comfy, easy, breezy. No indoor dining was being conducted currently, but they have two outdoor spaces - one out front and one patio area in the back. We chose the back patio to better social distance - but overall the space is fairly large to hold a good sized crowd. 

When our waitress led us to the back, she told us that all ordering is to occur up front along with payment and then the food is served table side. It was more of a fast casual set up than full service. That being said, there is a mandatory 20% gratuity added to your bill - which seemed high for a non full service establishment. 

When viewing their regular menu and their restaurant week menu, the veggie friendly items were sufficient but nothing I haven't had in other TexMex spots around town. 

We did one meal following the restaurant week menu and then another off their regular menu. I ordered off the restaurant week menu choosing the vegan elotes, vegan burrito (with seitan and grilled pineapple) and finishing off with the vegan flan. My girlfriend ordered the veggie quesadillas (adding in black beans), the black bean soup, and the tres leches cake.

Overall the food was OK. It did need some help with the different salsas and hot sauces they have out to provide some needed heat to the meal. Nothing spectacular, but palatable. The portions were also were the right size though. 

Though the back patio was well set up, there wasn't any music to set a good ambiance. I saw a speaker system set up on the overlooking balcony but no DJ to be found to crank the tunes. 

Also everything was served in to-go containers and plastic cutlery provided, which again adds to the fast casual experience but full service price gripe I'm feeling. 

So overall, probably fine to skip out on this place and go for where you think your money is better spent. 

COVID review: masks required while moving around and allowed to be off during dining. I don't remember seeing hand sanitizer at check in. Workers were wearing masks and practicing social distancing as best as possible.
With all the traveling I've done and all the food I've enjoyed, I always miss Cantina. Nothing quite beats the mista salad paired with platanos machos, a platter of nachos with shredded chicken and a blood orange margarita. This remains my eternal order and, with a bullet, Cantina takes a spot in my top 5 favorite restaurants you wish were always near. 

Since I no longer live in Philly, opening up my own little version of their successful recipe might be the closest thing to comfort.
I am so confused by the mass amount of bad reviews for Dos Segundos. I pride myself on knowing when I come across a good Mexican dish and I have come across many at Dos Segundos. This place is becoming one of my favorites in Northern Liberties and I make sure everyone knows it. 

I have been several times for brunch, lunch and dinner. I have never had to wait no matter the time of day so I appreciate that. I have had a wide sampling from their menu (in addition to me mooching off my friends plate too). Their brunch is by far the best and I assure you that you won't wait as opposed to being around the corner at Honey's. I have to say that their french toast is an equal of Sabrina's french toast. Although where Sabrina's is gooey and rich, Dos Segundos has a sugary crispness to it. I have found that their chimichanga has a richness to it that is lacking in most Mexican plates around these parts. 

I loved their fruity versions of classic cocktails, even if they are a bit pricey. Be sure to check out the chalkboard for special drinks too! 

The staff has always been super chill and very helpful. 

I will return again and again as I can not say anything bad about Dos Segundos. I can only imagine it will continue to get more popular as more people come to visit the Piazza up the street.
Have you ever experienced brunch at 1:45 on a Friday afternoon? Wait, that's not important - what I'm trying to say here is that you should come HERE to experience brunch at 1:45 on a Friday afternoon! I met a friend/business associate here for some mid-day food and I was really pleased with the excellent service and the quality of the food. We both had their version of eggs benedict and were so full after the first half that we had them packed up to go (mine tasted just as good a few hours later). 

Great music, a vast and varied selection of Jarritos and tons of menu choices. What's not to love?
During a early afternoon out in Northern Liberties me and a friend decided stop into Cantina Dos Segundos for a bite to eat.  We asked all the right questions of our server and glad we did because I stated with the blood orange margarita and my friend had a beer along with a tequila shot.  That got us rolling and we ordered some food-we had fajitas which had all the fresh fixings (i.e. peppers; rice and beans, etc).  This fajita option was enough to feed two people to satisfaction.  We also ordered the Nachos - this put us over the top and our bellies were full! 

We ordered a 2nd round of drinks and enjoyed the atmosphere and good customer service.  The prices are average and for the portions, I feel this is a good deal!
Cantina Dos Segundos, how do I start professing my love for thee?

First of all, I absolutely love the atmosphere of this place.  It is dark and sexy, without being creepy.  We were seated toward the back of the restaurant for dinner and promptly given water and tortilla chips with two varieties of salsa.  They have the specials written up on two chalkboards on the wall in addition to what is already on the menu.  There is also an extensive list of tequila, margaritas, and mixed drinks.  We ordered a traditional margarita on the rocks and a blood orange margarita on the rocks.  Both were delicious, refreshing, and came right out upon ordering.  

I went straight for the chicken burrito, while my boyfriend vacillated between the one of the specials and the enchiladas.  He ultimately ended up with the enchiladas, an excellent choice.  It was served with a side of rice and delicious refried beans.  The entrée was refreshingly spicy and very tasty.  My burrito was scrumptious as well, and was more than I could finish.  The chicken was tender, well-flavored, and pulled.  There were no chunks of chicken just thrown in there.  

The real delight about Cantina Dos Segundos was the service.  The wait staff here could very well be working at Le Bec Fin, because they were absolutely flawless.  Our main server (I believe his name was Kevyn), was attentive without being clingy, and our food and drinks came out within minutes.  He never let our drinks get too low without asking if we would like a refill, and the experience was perfect.  I would go back just for the service, even if I hadn't liked the food, he was just that good.
Went with a few girlfriends on a Wednesday night. The service was slooooooow, especially for how NOT crowded it was. 

We had 2 pitchers of margaritas that tasted more like Country Time Lemonade than margaritas, and while I appreciate that they definitely had enough booze, I had instant heartburn which lasted me hours.

I ordered a chimichanga and it was large enough to share. It tasted alright and definitely hit the spot. I will say that charging extra for pico de gallo is a little off-putting. Come on, cheapos, just include it.

I may come back if I'm in the area and craving that chimichanga again, but please ditch the lazy hipster approach to service. I really have no idea who that is supposed to appeal to.
i would very much like to like this place because the ambiance is cool but the food is sub par and drinks are inconsistent  

also i get a creepy vibe from the staff when i have been
i do not down play my figure at all but  do not flaunt it too much either and leave this place feeling like i just got eyeball gang raped 
this goes from flattering to creepy in less than 60 seconds

just saying i prefer to go else where and get better from better
What's Spanish for 'Oy vey! My head!'?* Because that's what I was saying the next morning following a raucous evening at CDS. Those margaritas need to come with a warning. They're so deceptively smooth and fruity flavored (made with REAL fruit!), I was guzzling those bad boys like a Girl Gone Wild. Little did I know that those big drinks were filled to the brim with tequila. I was tricked!

But, I liked it. I liked it a lot. Besides the aforementioned Happy Hour (which, if I lived in Philly, I'd be at every opportunity I could), the food is worthy of your attention as well. In an attempt to soak up all the liquid courage I was taking in, I ordered one of the biggest menu items a non-beef eater such as myself could find: the al pastor chimichanga. First of all, I will always like the name. It reminds me of being a chubby little kid in Louisville, Ky and ordering those bad boys at Chi-Chi's because I liked the name. I'll give you a minute to take the utter awesomeness of the previous sentence all in. It's a lot, right? Okay. We're back. This chimichanga had more than just name going for it. It was a slab of fried tortilla, beans, chihuahua cheese, al pastor, more cheese, guac, and pico de gallo. Buried underneath all of those ingredients, you might think the meat would be lost or, even, a backseat player to the dish. Nope. In spite of all the entree had going on, the shining star of the dish was the al pastor. When you can pull off that kind of hat trick, ladies and gents, I salute you.

Our waiter was shockingly good-natured and patient with serving a table of progressively louder and drunker, well, drunks. Rather than roll eyes or avoid us, he played along, kept us lubed and gave great suggestions for food orders. Granted, sauced minds lead to open wallets, so maybe he wasn't as altruistic as first thought. Nevertheless, he added to the experience and kept his cool when he easily could have told us to go somewhere (anywhere) else. Sir, I thank you. If you reside within the 215 or 610 and are reading this review close to Happy Hour time. 1.) FUC it; 2.) call some friends; 3.) turn off the computer; 4.) travel to CDS; 5.) black out. 'isfunright?

*Ay Dios mio. Mi cabeza!??
A mixed bag of a restaurant with some really bright spots and a couple of far misses. Let's get to the not so exciting pieces first and save the good news for later. The wings we were served today were forgettable at best. Very much on the dry side and flavorless. The papas chorreadas came a close second with undercooked potatoes. Service was slow but we can overlook that as the restaurant was busy.

Crossing to the brighter side, the patio at the back is a sweet space to sit on a sunny day. The vegetarian quesadillas have a pleasant surprise hidden in them in the form of Huitlacoche. Corn Smut (Huitlacoche) is a problem for US crop producers but a delicacy among their Latin-American counterparts. Thankfully it is featured on menus across the United States lately. The fungus has a mellow, earthy flavor profile like the truffle mushroom. 

The Tequila and Mezcal selection is huge. Our knowledge in this area is limited but the list sure looks impressive.

A middle of the line 3-stars based on the overall experience.
I was pretty excited for this place because I love Mexican food and I heard great things. 

Let's start with the atmosphere. It's great. You walk in and there's fun lights and decorations, it's a very hip place. Everything I expected. 

My friend and I both got drinks and to be honest, they weren't great. We got a sangria and a mezcal. The sangria is red and my friend thought it tasted like medicine. Then for meals we can tacos and a fajita. When I think of fajita I think of the sizzling hot skillet. It's part of the fajita experience for me. However everything came out on a plate, with no skillet. I was a little bummed, especially since it was so expensive. I would say the food tasted good, but it wasn't what I expected. 

Our service was good, and we didn't have any problems with that, my only thing is it got a bit loud and the servers were all really soft spoken, so it was hard to hear them. 

I think I'd give this place a second chance, just because of the good reviews I've heard.
Brunch, lunch, happy hour, dinner... I have honestly lost track of how many times I've been here. It always seems to be the destination of choice when my friends are making a last minute decision on where to meet up. The atmosphere is fun and energetic, staff is friendly, prices are reasonable, drinks are good, and the food ranges from "meh" to great. 

What I really love about this place is how lively it is! It is a rather casual spot, with ample indoor seating, and a fun and bright (but small) outdoor seating area in the back. The bar is also of a decent size which can get pretty packed during happy hour or at night time. 

They have an extensive drink menu, offering beers, wine, sangria, cocktails, and of course mojitos and margaritas of almost any flavor you can think of (some unique flavors being guava, prickly pear, cucumber, black cherry, passion fruit, etc.). During happy hour from 4 - 6 pm, Monday through Friday, many of these drinks are offered at half price. 

Now on to the food - they offer nachos, tacos, quesadillas, fajitas, enchiladas... basically all of the usual Mexican fare. Their tacos are decent, nothing to rave about and definitely not the best I've ever had, but they will make do. I most recently got the vegetarian quesadilla, but asked for them to add chicken (ironic for a vegetarian dish, I know). It came with a plethora of fresh veggies, but the shredded, well seasoned chicken was by far my favorite part! If you are not a vegetarian, I would highly recommend paying $5 extra to add it to your quesadilla. Although I've never tried their fajitas, my boyfriend swears by them!

Their brunch has never impressed me so if given a choice, I would recommend going for lunch or dinner. If you're looking for a sweet to end your meal, GET THE TRES LECHES! It is fantastic! It doesn't appear to be on the menu, but it is usually written on the chalkboard inside. 

Check this place out if you're feeling a fiesta vibe! No need to dress it up for this place, just be prepared for a super causal and lively spot with lots of food and margaritas!
Went on the first night last Friday and they ran the place as if they had been open in that location for years. Flawless. We even tested the staff by showing up with a party of 8 which grew to 10 and not having a reservation! They fit us in without batting an eye even though they were hoppin'!

Highly recommend getting pitchers of margaritas as it saves you a few ducats. For eatin's I had the seitan/tofu fajitas which were incredible. I ended up sharing the meal with a friend and it could have fed a third had anyone else been hungry.

I will be haunting this place more often than I care to confess.
The Vegan Cheesesteak Burrito combines two of my favorite things in the whole wide world: vegan cheesesteaks & burritos. But it's the addition of a third favorite thing that takes this sandwich to the next level: yuca fries, there are yuca fries on this sandwich. 

The margaritas are good too, and every time I've been here, I've had really friendly service. Really great vibe.

I've said it before and I'll say it again, places like Dos Segundos are doing it right. Just a few solid vegan items on the menu increases your clientele. You create an atmosphere where those of us out of the mainstream feel welcome, and you become a destination for the "modern family"--vegans aren't exclusively friends with other vegans, and sometimes omnivores are (unreasonably) wigged out by vegan restaurants. Places like Dos Segundos have something for everyone so we can all dine out together. Yay for community and food and happiness!
I had dinner at Cantina Dos Segundos late on a Thursday night and it was quite packed. We didn't have to wait for a table, but it seemed to be getting to that point...

I hung at the bar for a bit, and was told by the bartender that many of the drinks on the current drink menu were getting tossed by the wayside due to them tasting awful. He said some of them were too experimental and weren't enjoyable at all...But there are loads of others on there to choose from, and more to come.

Right away, you may be confused by the menu. The text is just not ideally layed out, and you're not sure what you're getting with each meal. But our waitress for very nice and explained it perfectly too us. 

I had the chicken chimichanga, which was excellent and moderately priced...Very tasty with some nice side veggies. If you're vegetarian, you'll dig the many options Cantina Dos Segundos has to offer.

The lighting is dim, the decor is festive, and the ambiance is loud. Don't expect to have quiet delicate conversations here at dinner. But it goes along with the neighboring feel of Standard Tap.
I was really excited to check this place out because I love "Mexican" food, love a spot that has brunch until 4pm, and love that it's conveniently located near to an El spot. 

On a particularly blustery day I rolled in to meet friends at about 130PM. The place was almost entirely empty. Bad sign or bad weather? I ordered the Huevos Mexicanas which were, well, OK. I perhaps should have thought more about the fact that I don't like scrambles eggs that much. Friends got the enchiladas (pronounced "fishy" and "sweet) but the Huevos Rancheros looked great. 

My bloody mary was, well, nontraditional. I couldn't put my finger on it. Then our very attentive waiter informed us that the drinks were made with fresh "salsa" - aha! Much more of a tomatoe juice etc. base than the classic, thicker, V8-type version. Not bad, but I guess I prefer my brunch beverages classic. 

In the future I'll stick to the delicious margaritas, and give one of the many other vegetarian-friendly dishes on the menu a shot.
I use to always go to the Cantina in South Philly and I loved it though some of the staff was questionable. So I was ecstatic to say the least when I saw that they were opening another around the corner from my work.

I have been going to this Cantina consistently for the past year (their one year is tomorrow) and I cant imagine going anywhere else. I love the staff and they have always been extremely accommodating when needed. If they recognize you, they will make an effort to talk to you and see how you are. No better way to get someone to come back then by making them feel welcome.

They play the sports games in the bar when they are on and that can always be a good time. It feels like a neighborhood bar even though I would not categorize it as that.

The drinks are good and their happy hour specials are even better. I am a fan of pretty much everything on their menu and most of the time their salsa is to die for (its been a miss a couple times). I love the Mixta salad and the mushroom quesadillas. It has gotten to the point that I eat their so much that I have to cut myself off. I still go their for drinks though, I cant get enough of this place!
We had a great experience here last night. After being screwed over by Bar Ferdinand (renigging on our reservation last minute), we were a group of hungry ladies who wanted to get a little wastys and eat some delicious food.

Low and behold as we were walking up second street, we decided to give the Cantina a try. Even though it was 8 on a saturday night, they said that if we hung out for a little while they could seat a party of 6 in 20 minutes. SCORE.

So we swagger over to the bar and order up some delicious blood orange and strawberry margaritas! I am known to enjoy a delicious sweet frozen drink every once in a while, especially on a girls night!

We got seated shortly after we finished our first drink and the service was swift and efficient. Our table was happy with our food choices. Empanandas, burittos (I got the chorizo burrito, a little salty and bloat inducing, but pretty good all around), mexican hot dogs, fajitas, quesadillas. Every one was pleased. 

We also probably went through the entire flavored margarita menu ordering some mangos, some prickly pears and a few that  I cannot remember. 

For 6 of us with full bellies and a few less brain cells, the bill was only about $150. Not a bad situation. 

I highly recommend this place, just wish they would stop being so heavy handed with the salt.

xo
Amazing gem on second street that I never noticed. Everything about it was a splendid experience. 
Walking in, you feel the cultural aspect to this cuisine from the decor of the restaurant. The colors are so festive, every sign was in Spanish (I was happy to note that my basic Spanish vocabulary words were intact) and the greetings from the host and waiters were greatly appreciated. 
We were immediately seated to a table that accommodated our big party. The waiters were so patient with us while we picked out our dishes, and explained the dishes in details. 
The food was good, my friends and I order different variations of burritos, chicken, shrimp and cat fish, they all were equally delicious. The tacos were yummy but small in portion. The good quality in all was worth the price ! They do serve you with chips and two different types of dip.
A 4 for now. But thinking about the potential that this place has for a gathering I'm amped about giving it a 5 once I get to test that theory out. This was going to be the spot of the Thank You Carrie party on Thursday. But since Carrie had to cancel out last moment I wasn't expecting too many people to show up for understandable reasons. But since Mama Philly said to keep the dream alive, and I'd rather be a straggler myself then leave people behind, I decided to sample some of their tempting sounding Margaritas by the bar and see if anyone showed up (It's what a dutiful host does.). No one did, but as I waited I had the chance to sample how amazing this place is.

The Margarita's were definitely the best that I've had in the city. I sampled the black currant which tasted a little off, But Mango was pure deliciousness. And holy crap was the Blood Orange Margarita the stuff of legends. They definitely have a great selection of beer if your not a margarita fan, and they even have their own twist of the Citywide Special that's a can of Tecate and a shot (Tequila?). And the man behind the Bar Rob was a class act who quickly owned up to being one of my favorite bartenders in the city. For food I picked up a chorizo burrito which I was kind of mixed on. The chorizo was ground up to the point that it ended up tasting like beef. But the burrito was supersized and filled with plenty of rice, beans, and cheese, and it also came with a side of chips and two kinds of Salsa. So I definitely made note of the portion Value.

Overall it goes with out saying That Cantina Dos Segundos is perfect for a gathering. And since The Thank You Carrie Party still needs to officially happen, This might just be the perfect place to deliver that caliente twist. Details Coming?
There are so many good things I could list about Dos Segundos, including the $4 special (Tecate and a shot of tequila), the tasty margaritas, the nachos, a certain cute server I know, etc., but I'm afraid I'd be here forever. And ever. And ever. 

Anyway, you're catching my drift, right? Just go to Cantina. Experience it. Drink some tequila. Eat a taco. Have a time. Call out of work the next day (you might have to). Go back for more once you sober up.

Smoochies to you, Cantina! You're my BFF.
What a cute place! First off any place where you can easily reserve a table for ten during Sunday brunch online is amazing. Downside is we had to wait for the previous party if 16 to clear out so we waited about ten minutes past our reservation time before we sat. The high chairs for the two small kids were ready but not cleaned well enough. 

Our server was friendly, patient and attentive. We started with the included chips and salsa.   I also ordered queso fundido and a pitcher of margaritas El Corazon. Whoa! That was amazing with blood orange, pomegranate and passion fruit plus a hit of Serrano pepper. (Alert - we ended up ordering a second one to go with the food.)

The menu had solid brunch options. Our vegetarian friends ordered pancakes. Most had tacos or burritos. We loved ours with tender and flavorful goat. We also got a small side of greens with carrots and radish. I'm still pretty sad I didn't get churros but there was that second pitcher. Oh I tried their michelada since I'm on a current kick. It was nice and spicy. 

The bill wasn't too bad $200 for seven adults and three  kids. No drama to split in four ways on credit cards and no automatic gratuity. I'll definitely return withh a large party.
I really like it here. For many reasons. I'm sure most of them are already listed, but here's my top few:

1. Great happy hour! Craft beers on special, pitchers of margs and mojitos, etc. And don't forget the free chips and salsa.

2. The salsa. Oh gosh. Let's talk about the salsa. They give you two bowls - green and red. I love the green, but I also like the red. And they just keep. on. filling. it. up. I'm often not hungry for my dinner when I get it.

3. But that's okay - because then I have a delicious lunch for the next day!

4. A favorite of mine are the fish tacos. And the tacos. and the burritos. OH! Get the vegetarian quesadilla!

5. They take reservations for big parties (unlike the South Philly version). 

6. They gave me a free birthday shot of Patron!
Post *Pandemic trip to Dos Segundos was wonderful. Ordered takeout during the pandemic and it was eh. Cold food, too creasy, etc. Not surprised for take out, but had to give them any other try when we could dine in...so we did! 

What we snagged:
-Guacamole (Tasty and filling)
-Chicken Empanadas (VERY good) 
-Enchiladas in Verde 
-Steak Burrito (Large and in charge)

Great experience overall. Drinks were good, but lacked tequila. A heavier hand would be nice. Sad to be moving out of the neighborhood soon, but recommend this joint for any date night. 

*Not really post pandemic as the Delta variant is on the rise. Get vaccinated and save lives.
Great place- I occasionally stop by in here for a preworkout beer when Body Arts is not open yet, but since me hand is fractured I will just stop in for their kickass happyhour- I probably should stop by here more often now that I think bout it. Anyway the happy hour, both the regular and the late night (9-1am)have 1/2 off pints and margarita pitchers- late night is not vaild fri-sat. Personally not a huge margarita guy but they are better here then at el camino real-a lot stronger.  I probably would only give this place a 3 based on food, but since most eastcoast places produces more Mexican't instead of Mexican grub, I'm gonna curve it to a 4 partiall b/c their jalepeno and cucumber margatita is a pitcher of kick ass.  I have tried quite a few of the steak, chicken and pork dishes. I am more partial to the steak dishes esp the steak nachos, although every wait staff has hyped up the pork which actually is my least favorite filling out of the 3. But that is just my opinion, what is also disappointing is they don't use corn tortillas which i prefer esp w/ my tacos. Either way a solid pick to grab some nachos and a drink.
Guava Margaritas and Beef Empanadas ? Set for the evening. 

Only reason I am not giving it a 4 star is because I have ordered the Tacos several times and I honestly thought it was nothing exciting. For what this place is, I expect amazing tacos out of here, especially as Tacos are one of my favorites! 

But Margaritas, Boy ! 15$ Happy hour pitchers! They also have pretty decent beers. I would go back to this place any day!
i have never been to the original cantina. we went to this one because our favorite ex boss is the gm of this spot. so we knew everything would be great. i had some quesedilla with mushrooms and chihuahua cheese. it was very tastey. also sampled some spanish reds and whites and a few of their specialty cocktails. i am not a big fan of fancy drinks. but some of them were very tastey. my gf had some kind of goat taco . she loved it. i didnt try it cause i'm now trying to be vegetarian. (we'll see how long that lasts). love outside seating. and being later on a monday there was plenty of open tables. 
i went back the next day with my son and dog. no cocktails when i'm with the boy. so we just ate. food was good and fresh. our waiter was great. even tho my dog was mean to him. my son is a very pickey eater. they made exactly what he wanted. and i tried the banna/choc empinatas. they were rediculous. need at least 2 people to eat them. 
its a great addition to the hood. and they are doing really well. no libs seems to welcome them, cause they are busy every night. 
the gm ,sky, is very good at what he does. this place will be run perfectly because of him. and the staff loves him. happy staff means great service.
FAVORITE RESTAURANT EVER

i don't even care if it's the "best." I never ever have a bad experience here. I even took my grandmom here for brunch when she was in town.

I tend to order the same thing every single time I go, so I'm not a master of the menu (I know what I like and I tend to stick with it). I get the Vegan Beef Burrito which i've heard some people say tastes like dog food. i have no idea what they're talking about because its DELICIOUS.

free tortilla chips and two different kinds of salsa while you wait for your meal.

amazing margaritas with tons of different flavors to try out (blood orange is my personal favorite).

outdoor seating on those beautiful summer nights.

easy location to get to by the el (not a far walk from both the Spring Garden and Girard stations).
Cantina the Second - you are the bomb.

Stopped in here on Saturday, and what a delight it was.  First of all, the NoLibs location inhabits a much bigger space than its sibling on Passyunk - which makes for a better experience overall.

A similar extensive food and drink menu - the margaritas were the bomb.  I opted for a special - a smoked turkey torta - with all sorts of yummy cheese, avacado, tomato on delicious bread and a side of sweet potato fries and pickled hots.  YUM.  I couldn't finish it all, and it still made for tasty leftovers the next day.

Though the first Cantina has a special nostalgic place in my heart, and is a bit closer to me, I'm gonna have to say this one wins - for now.
I can still take or leave their food, their prices are still a little steep, and the service is hit and miss. Sometimes it's pretty decent. But last weekend, during SundayOUT, I sat at the bar for a margarita, and when I didn't want another, and didn't order food, the bartender seemed miffed. Alright, just keep drinking those Tecates, buddy. This aside, I think about their margaritas several times daily and I could go for one right now. As I sit at my desk, preparing to respond to a particularly annoying piece of correspondence, thinking about sipping a salt-rimmed prickly pear margarita is keeping me from losing my shizzle, dizzle.
Though there seem to be quite a few Mexican (or Mexican-derivative) restaurants in the Philadelphia area I'm so thankful we chose Cantina Dos Segundos. In fact, if I could I would transplant this place to DC.

The blood orange margaritas seem to be the hot drink here and the waitress suggested that she liked them best frozen ($7). The suggestions were not a disappointment and I liked that the margarita was on the boozier side (as opposed to the sweeter or "is there even alcohol in this?" side). 

Had I initially known that the gratis chips and salsa would be so delicious we might not have ordered guacamole. Two salsas come with an endless bowl of tortilla chips - a 'regular' tomato salsa with a twist (we guessed citrus?) and a salsa verde that was cilantro-y and something I wanted to slide into my purse to pour over every future meal. Our appetizer of guacamole was creamy and came with fresh house-made chips that seemed a cross between pita and tortilla chips. 

We also ordered the octopus appetizer - whole mini octopi grilled with light tangy marinade. If you're squeamish about recognizing your food you might steer clear of this dish, but I gleefully devoured my mini octopi and would happily go back for more. 

Tacos were our main order of the day. The boy ordered steak and I opted for the pork. I was ready to be disappointed when my three tacos came out minimally garnished with onion, radish, lime and nothing else but one bite dispelled my fears. The pork was moist and savory - I'm at a loss to describe it, except to say that I'd easily eat this once a week if I could (and my leftovers were still as delicious the next morning, cold). 

Since the tacos are served ala carte, if you haven't ordered appetizers beforehand I'd probably recommend ordering a side to go with them, though between that and the chips and salsa you might not need it.

Service was friendly and attentive, and our spot on the sidewalk was brilliant. Cantina Dos Segundos, won't you open a location in DC?
A jukebox pumping classic tunes, dark and cozy dining, free chips and salsa, and a mean margarita. What more could a girl ask for?

We sat down and were immediately served water, a basket of chips, and two salsas - rojo and verde. The salsas are top notch -- made from scratch. The rojo was less spicy than the verde and flavored with chipotle -- bold and smoky. I preferred the salsa verde as it's spicier and has brighter flavors like cilantro and lime with the tomatillos.

I also sipped on a margarita -- standard house option. Sweeter than others I've had but it balanced out the tartness. For my entree I ordered the Tacos Al Pastor. This is a hearty dish -- it comes with three tacos -- doubled up corn tortillas packed with pork and pineapple filling and piping hot. I asked for a side of refried beans (~$3 extra), which was excessive on my part as I had more than enough food, but they sounded tasty... read: they're made with bacon. You can definitely taste it too. It's a solid portion so I barely made it through half before sharing with the rest of the table. 

Wishing I could have this restaurant transplanted to Rochester. I'll be back!
As a last hurrah before leaving for my deployment, Justin and I snuck away for a weekend with friends in Philly. Naturally Mexican food was on the list of places to try and we found ourselves at Cantina Dos Segundos on a rainy afternoon in August, starting our mini vacation off right. 

We arrived a bit later than anticipated after some mishaps including a bleeding toe and a coffee headache but that didn't stop us from ordering a healthy amount of food for lunch. We came at an off time so it wasn't crowded at all and we sat inside towards the front near the open full length doors. We opted for the guacamole ($8) as a starter. It was a big bowl and was served with chips pierced into the guac. That was more of an annoyance than helpful since we had an entire bowl of chips we were already eating with salsa and we had to take out chips to be able to scoop enough guac for a single chip, let alone the dozens that were stuck in there. So, the presentation was cute but not at all practical.

As a main I had a chorizo burrito ($9) and Justin had the steak fajitas ($20). I had probably had too many chips with salsa and guac to begin with and the size of the burrito (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cantina-dos-segundos-philadelphia#4xfTeFI5V8ZMvzI55TE0iQ) did its share to further spoil my appetite for dinner that would be just a few hours later. It was well worth it though and I found enough room in my stomach to sneak a few bites of Justin's black beans as well. The huge dollop of guac that accompanied the fajitas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cantina-dos-segundos-philadelphia#V0O6C3ORRBs8IZ8sdGd1Dg) made us wish we'd skipped the appetizer all together. 

Dos Segundos is a bit more fusion-y than our order suggests and in a lot of ways is downright hippie/hipster/whatever the current term for it is. There are vegan alternatives to meat (wild mushrooms, seitan, vegan "beef") an entire brunch menu (which they kept suggesting we order from), and other non-traditional items like smoked mushroom ketchup and kale as a side dish. Most of the time I want good old school Mexican food but Dos Segundos hit the spot and I was pleased that unlike most chorizo dishes, my burrito was not particularly greasy, instead it had all of the flavor of the meat while allowing the other flavors to shine. 

I'm surprised at the amount of Yelper comments complaining about service as our server was nice and helpful, with just enough sarcasm to keep us amused while still being professional. We shared that we were from out of town and he answered all of our questions about the area and volunteered some info neat neighborhoods and places to check out.
Fun little spot. Tasty food and lively atmosphere.

So this was about the third or fourth stop of the night, and I had been eating and drinking at every place we visited up to this point. I really wasn't planning on eating much here. But, you know, alcohol happened, and that naturally led to uncontrolled drunken binge eating. And it wasn't the kind of drunken binge eating you do on Valentine's day when you realize you're 32, single, and are most likely going to die alone as you watch re-runs of The Office in your pajamas and order yourself the "family special" from the local pizzeria all for yourself.

No, this was a happy time. How could it not be? There is so much life here. From the crowd to the food, things just seem to crackle with an electric current. 

There is a certain zest that is present in each dish - one of authenticity and loving, caring passion.

And for real, whoever's idea it was to put some hot dogs on the menu with that south-of-the-border twist - I salute you. I won't say it was the star of the show, but it definitely stood out.  Big props for trying something new. And it was damn tasty, too!
A local favorite for me. I love how this place just understand that you can never have enough tequila on your menu! I've tried several dishes from here and I can say i've enjoyed just about everything i've had. I recently went for tacos on #NationalTacoDay and although it was slightly spicier than i'd like, I couldnt deny how good it was. I love the decor here and specially during the summer time when the outdoor patio area is open. 

A pitcher of sangria here is just what everybody needs along with some of the appetizer. This is a place thats not afraid to use sweet plantain in its menu and I am here for it. 

Beware the waiting time on occasions. This place is simply that popular and worth the wait.
I definitely enjoyed my visit here recently.  First, I just love the Christmas lights and skulls and saint candles and everything else they have going on here.  Super cool.  The chips and margaritas are what make a Mexican restaurant for me, and they were both spot on here.  I highly recommend the passion fruit margaritas on the rocks...very refreshing!
The menu was a little strange for me.  Nothing really stuck out, so I ended up ordering a seitan burrito.  They have great vegetarian options here, by the way, this dish being one of them.    It was a very complex burrito, with peanuts and other crazy ingredients, but they all worked very well together.  I enjoyed it immensely.  
My only issue with this place is the accessibility of the menu.  It is easier to find goat than, say, a quesadilla.  Maybe some people like the more exotic dishes, but every now and then a girl needs a fajita!  Other than that I quite like this establishment and see many return visits in my future.
I ordered a Chelada. I had to describe to the bartender how to make it. It's not difficult. He was unable or too lazy to follow my instructions. He'll not be going to the Chelada World Championships anytime soon. You'd think that a bartender at a Mexican joint would know how to make something as simple as a Chelada. 

I witnessed the same bartender drop a glass while stocking glasses, pick it up off the floor and proceed to put it on the shelf with the clean glassware.

This is what you're up against.
since i live right around the corner from this place i really want to love it.  i do love the carnitas tacos!  the prices on the food and drinks are super cheap, but the thing that kills it for me is the service.  i'd have to say 9 out of the 10 times i've been there our server/bartender has been wasted, can't remember an order, charges for things that were never ordered, and then laughs if off and thinks it's funny.  turns out, not so funny.  working in the business i think sometimes i get a little too critical, but when i have to bus the table i want to sit at b/c you are too lazy to do it and then proceed to make me wait 20 mins and still not even a hello...eeehhh not so fond of it.
First thing you should know: happy hour Margarita pitchers are $15.00.

Second thing you should know: two of them will get you roasted, toasted, and ultimately obliterated. They will make you walk home ALONE with a smile on your face, dim the lights, put on Nick Lowe, and everything will be great.

Third thing you should know: the Passion Fruit flavor is not nearly as good as Strawberry.

Fourth thing you should know: The complimentary chips and salsas (a green verde and a red chipotle) was wondrous. The green verde was quite liquidous, had a great bite to it and when we mixed the red salsa with the table hot sauce it tickled the tongue for hours.

Other stuff: the juke box is pretty good if you're into hip counter-culture shit. Animal Collective, Jay Reatard, some old school hip hop, some stuff from the 70s, 80s. It's diverse enough where you probably won't know everything in it, but you'll probably find a few hits you like. Also, a ton of babes go to this bar. If you want eye candy of the male or female persuasion, look no further. With everybody drinking tequila-enriched beverages, eating the delicious entrees (tilapia tacos, anyone?), and getting their game on (there was a television with the Lakers game on), taking a few peeks here and there can't be helped.

The one fault? The bathrooms looked too nice. Whoever did the decorations really did a great job through and through. Everything leading up to the bathrooms--the walls, the stairs, the steps--to inside themselves, was just wonderful. It's an entire world down there, brimming with secrets.

I hope I can go back soon.
Our bartender stole $5 from me by tipping himself extra. 

He was slow an inattentive from the start. He spent most of the evening chatting with his coworkers rather than working. Other patrons sat there with empty drinks and had to wave him down while he leaned against the wall. 
First he brought us the wrong drinks. Then when we went to close, he brought us the wrong credit card. I tipped him $5 based on the quality of service. It appears that he thought he deserved more.
Well, I really can't say much for the food, but the drink specials were PHENOMENAL!  You can order samplers of upper-shelf tequila!  I had a sampler (which had 4 shooters) of "sipping" tequila.  I normally don't like tequila at all... but they were great... and only $20!
This place is such a great find! My friend and I, students at Penn, had never been to the Northern Liberties area before. Just walking along second street was amazing- there are a ton of little boutiques, art shops, and places with great vegan options. 
We came to Cantina because of the V For Vegan Cheesesteak competition. They came in second place, so we knew that we had to try one. 
Since finals are over we spent the evening at this great restaurant. 
Our server was SO helpful at recommending vegan options (besides the Cheesesteak Burrito, there is also a vegan nacho option, a Sriracha grilled watermelon salad, brussels sprouts tacos, and agave grilled seitan) The last three were temporary specials and absolutely delicious. 
Highly recommend.
Good food (at least some of it), terrible service. 

I came last week with my SO, and my sister and her boyfriend. We wanted Mexican food and I don't eat animal products, and while most Mexican restaurants can make food vegan by just giving you rice and beans, we chose Cantina because it has dedicated vegan/vegetarian dishes. 

The Food: 
Overall the food was good, with some misses.
-Chip & Guacamole: good and very standard in flavor ($8) 
-Tofu & seitan fajitas which my SO and I shared: w/wild mushrooms, peppers, onions, black beans, white rice, pico de gallo, guacamole, and flour tortillas. The fajitas were GREAT and we were both really happy with our order, however it comes with too much guacamole and too little rice/beans/pico de gallo. It's also a decently sized portion so it was the perfect sharing size (just order more tortillas, rice, and beans). 
-Mushroom empanadas and esquites (corn): my sister is a big fan of taking the multiple appetizers as an entree route, and she said she was happy with her choices here. 
-Enchiladas suizas (chicken): This came out lukewarm, and my sister's boyfriend had to ask someone to heat it up. They took it without apologizing or asking further. When they did bring it back and he got to eat it warm, he wasn't into it. 

The Service:
Slow and at times nonexistent. 
-When out waitress first came to our table to ask about drinks and food everything seemed fine. She brought water and said she'd be back in a bit to ask about food. 
-When she came back to ask about food she forgot to ask about the specials, so none of us realized that there were specials until after we had placed out orders (we happened to spot the specials board). 
-Water was rarely refilled and when we made a request it would often take upwards of 15 minutes for anything to happen. As an example, my SO and I ordered more tortillas, rice, and beans. It took 20 minutes, by which point our dining partners had finished eating. 
-When we asked for dessert and the check, it took 20+ minutes for the dessert to come out, and when it did, the check was nowhere to be found. We again asked for the check, which was not brought out until I went up to someone in the kitchen and asked again. 

If they didn't have tons of vegan options (very clearly labeled with **) I wouldn't even consider returning given the service. That being said, if you are vegan I would still recommend coming if you want Mexican food (just don't expect much from the service).
I think I really built this place up in my mind since my last visit. 

The plantanos machos were as amazing as I remember, and the tres leches was the best ever. However, the rest of the experience left me feeling kind of meh, and after 2 pitchers of margaritas split 3 ways, sober.

We ordered a Blood Orange pitcher, and a Strawberry  pitcher. Both good, but I think they forgot to add the tequila, or at least were extremely conservative with the pours. 

A friend and I split the Mahi Mahi chimichanga ($12), which our server kindly had split and plated for us. It was good but not amazing.  My boyfriend had a steak burrito ($11), which he said was bland and he would have preferred qdoba or chipotle. Also, when I'm paying over 10 dollars for a meal without sides, its pretty annoying to have to pay extra for cheese, sour cream,  or pico de gallo.

I think if i go again I will stick to apps and dessert. I will give the margaritas another shot, fingers crossed.
I went to Dos Segundos for the second time a few days ago, and I have to say my feelings are mixed about it: 

1. No complaints about the food. I had a burrito and it was flavorful, even tasty. Mind you, I wasn't expecting a gourmet meal from a Tex-Mex spot in Northern Liberties staffed by a bunch of people who probably can't pronounce half of the stuff on their menu, but it was good nonetheless. 

2. I ordered a frozen blood orange margarita, which was ok. My only complaint was that I guess the waiter took too long to bring it over because it wasn't very frozen when it got to the table. I know it was crowded, but please - if I'm paying the extra dollar for a ridiculously small margarita, there is no reason why I shouldn't get what I asked for. 

3. Are the servers really too lazy to tell their tables about the specials? The hostess quickly pointed to a chalk board covered in messy writing that was, for the most part, illegible since someone was a little heavy handed with the dimmer switch. 

4. Maybe if they turned down the music a couple decibels I could hear both the waiter - and my date. It was so loud the windows were shaking. Between that and all the people talking, it was impossible to have a conversation. I sound like my grandmother, but its the truth. We found ourselves screaming to keep the conversation going. 

In summation, I'll be going back because I was happy with the food and it seems like a nice place to chill with a group of friends. It would have been a nicer overall experience if the staff were a little bit more friendly - out waiter had no personality whatsoever and was awkward at best when he came to the table. Maybe he was new...?
The good: salsa verde, nachos, el caliente, pitchers of margaritas

The not so good: flavorless tacos unless you doctor them up with salsas, jalepenos, hot sauce, etc...

Great if you dont mind very loud places, disappointing if you want to hear your date talking. Just read lips, drink your margarita, and take it for what it is.
Nice ambiance and good food. I have been here a few times and I have never been disappointed by the food. I have tried Brussel sprouts burrito, vegan burrito, fish tacos, veg fajitas, veg enchiladas , speciality cocktails and tres leche. Everything is just so good and my fav is enchiladas and tres leche and the complimentary chips that come with salsa and hot sauce. The servers are very nice and welcoming. Good place to hangout with friends or even on a date night.
Came here late night on a Saturday like at midnight and I was pleasantly surprised that their kitchen was still open!!!! We had a round of margaritas simple and to the point. Also an order of nachos you have a choice of a small order or a large order which to me it's genius we'd had dinner earlier so we just wanted something small to pick at while we sipped our margaritas. They give you complementary chips and salsa. This is probably the main reason they're getting 5 stars from me, they have by far the best salsa verde I've had in Philly. I was stuffed but kept eating chips just to scoop as much of the salsa verde as I could! I can't wait to go back and eat their salsa verde by the spoonfuls!
i have been back 4 times since the last review. each time worse then before. the last time, my friend and i sat down. no staff was there. we waited, and waited. finally a girl came over. my friend was starving. and ordered as soon as she came over. she snapped at him to wait for me to order. ok? then i ordered an iced t. looked at the menu. figured it out. and she never came back. we just left. there was maybe 4 other customers there. and 2 staff members. no service. it was lunch time. we didnt have all day. went down to palm market. got a wrap. i cant go back here. it just plain sucks. the food is just ok and by no means cheap. in this economy, i have to spend my money on places that deserve my business. the other 3 times i was there. the service was just too slow. they should have never let the gm go.
I'm thinking they might want to rename this place Uno Raton....
If it weren't for seeing the little furry bugger running around right after we'd eaten, this place surely would've gotten four stars from me.  
Anyway.... my friends and I came here after a three hour stint at the climbing gym, so we were ready to put a hurtin' on some nachos.   It was an odd time - like 3:00 - so naturally no one was in there, and we pretty much had the place to ourselves.
The salsa verde (as mentioned by previous reviewers) was killer!  Tortilla chips were also delish - super salty, which I dug.  The poor little tortilla chip bowl looked like wolves had gotten to it, so obvi we enjoyed...

We ordered the veggie quesadillas and the burrito, all of which were delish.  Service was excellent, which was cool - esp since it was just us and the server surely could've ignored us since we were "those people" eating at a weird hour. (When I waited tables I always ignored the randoms that came in at like 3:30.  Who eats at 3:30?  Glad I waited tables pre-Yelp!)

I would like to go back for dinner, but the mouse really skeeved me and I'm not sure I can do it.  When one mouse is so brazen to scurry about amid diners / daylight, it makes me wonder...  (shudders)
Fun place & the sidewalk seating made for good people-watching on a Saturday night.

The food and drinks though-- mediocre.

The complimentary chips and salsa were the best part of our meal... They were suprisingly good!   Had an order of the gazpacho, which I thought was very flat tasting.  When the server asked if there was a problem, since I didn't finish most of it, I told him I wasn't happy with it... no response.

Oh well, on to the chicken chimichanga.  Nice size portion for the price.  It was OK.  Nothing great.

Finally, had two margaritas... a prickly pear and a guava.  The prickly pear was very sweet/tart, and tasted to me like it was made from artifical flavoring.  I moved on to the guava, which was better, very refreshing.

All in all, we had a nice evening for just a spur-of-the-moment dinner... I would definitely not make a special trip.
Walked in to Dos Segundos for dinner a couple nights ago and a very friendly, smiling hostess seated us right away. Waited about 3-4 minutes without anyone asking us for a drink order; not a big deal though, we were there to talk and relax. Turns out our hostess would be our waitress. Strange, but again, no biggie.

I had a chicken burrito with guacamole to go with my Dos Equis. The food came out pretty quick and was pipin' hot. Guac was on the side rather than in the burrito... kind of a bummer. The burritos at Dos Segundos are HUGE, so dipping is no easy task. Nevertheless, it was delicious. 

Our waitress never let my beer run out and was smiling with every check-in.

Despite a couple quirks, the experience overall was great. It was especially refreshing to get some genuine "I'm-actually-interested-in-serving-you" service in NoLibs.
I really disliked this place the first time I went there. But I like to give restaurants a second chance in case they had an off night.

And I've now been here twice and had the same results.

I think this place stays in business because of its location. It's certainly not the food.

It's bland and too expensive. Service is mediocre. 

Margaritas are overly sweetened and inadequately tequila'd.

Server forgot a food order (eh, it happens. I wasn't annoyed by it, but it just added to the overall mediocrity of the venue).

Not going back.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon to celebrate my Mom's birthday. The place was pretty empty at 1pm but it meant quick friendly service from not too busy waiters. They were very easily able to accomodate out party of 6. The dining room decorations are very colorful but the ambience is dark. I think it could work for date night as well as a meal with friends.

They offer free chips and salsa (unlike a place down the street) which tasted delicious and fresh. We went with a pitcher of mango margaritas to start. Perfect place for my mom to have her first margarita ever! They did make us salt/sugar our own rims - for me this was no big deal. 

I ordered the vegan seitan tacos and they were super awesome and pretty cheap ($10). The veggies in the tacos were crispy fresh and I'd highly recommend paying extra for guac. I definitely want to try the vegan beef next time. We finished our meal with vegan carrot cake to celebrate my mom. The waiter couldn't find candels but we still enjoyed the heck out of it. If I wouldn't have known it was vegan I would have never guessed. It was dense and moist - definitely a happy ending.
I had to upgrde this place with a star ! The last two times I've been the bartenders were super friendly and very helpful ( not really traits of the NoLibs hipsters) 

I'm also a fan Of the pumpkin Margie ! Sounds weird but is must try ..
I am currently going through withdrawal and experiencing major cravings.
The green salsa is like no other (the hint of lime...unbelievable)  next time I'm ordering a vat of that stuff. Keep it coming
My Chimichanga was phenomenal. I picked the chicken, and my friend picked the Mahi Mahi. Both were amazing, in their own way. Fried to perfection. Nothing about this place was over kill, which you find at many Mexican spots..Cheese overkill..Sour cream all over...etc.
Also the feel of this place was relaxing yet fun. Its what completes the experience.
The pineapple margarita on the rocks was sick! I'm looking forward to trying the others
I like Dos Segundos. Their eggs benedict with cornbread & tempeh bacon for brunch (if you come across it on their specials menu) was vegetarian and delicious, and their grilled tilapia tacos were also delightful.

But (there's always a "but") the red sauce that they use (it can be found atop their enchiladas, juevos rancheros during brunch, and I believe, mixed with the veggie beef in a chimichanga, among other things) is sickening. It is sweet in the way that I remember red sauce in an elementary school cafeteria being. It's really, unfortunately, disgusting. If it weren't for that sauce, this place might have gotten a 5-star rating.

My only other complaint is that the tacos only come topped with onions and little tiny pieces of cilantro. What? Personally, I don't like onions, so this does me no good, but, even still, couldn't they throw us a couple of shreds of cheese and a small dallop of sour cream? 

I reccomend Dos Segundos. The portions are agreeable, what's good is very good, and the free refills on chips & salsa also rules. But do yourself a favor and ask your server if the red sauce is on or in your dish. If so, ask them to hold the slop.
Went here for a Sunday brunch. I noticed they do brunch everyday which I'm sure a lot of people appreciate. They have plenty of options on the menu including breakfast and lunch items. They have nice outdoor seating since it is shaded. Our server was attentive and kept the water refills coming.  The chips and salsa are complimentary and were very tasty. The green salsa was my favorite. We started with the beef empanadas which were a great start to the meal.  They weren't too heavy and very flavorful. The side of guac was a nice compliment. I chose the Flautas con Huevos. It was basically just a little bit of chicken rolled in a fried tortilla topped with cheese and eggs. They weren't the best flautas I have had, but they were fine. I'd be interested in going back to try their lunch items.
Awesome authentic Mexican food .. Super quick service in and out within 30 minutes.

Spoke with the waiter about the delicious pulled chicken we had in our tacos and it's all made in house .. great smokey flavor !!!

The bartender was our server and he was very nice. Checked on us a bunch of times and made sure our water cups were always filled :)

I also love how they bring out chips, salsa and salsa verde.
OK, as mentioned there were like 35 threads on the neighborhood message board totally slamming the place (from people who i would bet have not so much as entered the place).  those people are ridiculous - it's a great place for some fine margaritas.  after only three i was a bit wonky. 
we were mostly in it for the drinking, but i got some guac & chips too.  chips - excellent (salty).  guac - needs some work (more chunky, more cilantro maybe?).  will try other things next time.  did someone say seitan tacos??

two things to work on - very easily fixable - the heat and the noise level.  some ceiling fans would go a long way!  

liked it way better than the original where i had pretty shoddy service.   service at the new one is great.
Cantina is absolutely my go-to Mexican restaurant in Philly. The atmosphere makes me want to relax, eat and drink cocktails at the same time...a combination like that is not easy to master. Thank you for that. 

I've gone to Cantina many times and the service and food is consistently good. I always have a hard time not getting one of their tacos. The house made corn tortillas are just awesome. The chorizo has got to be my favorite but many times their special tacos of the night are the best. I once had a roasted root veggie and crispy shrimp tacos that will never forget! 

Tacos aside, they make great empanadas and nachos. I've also had great variations of charr grilled octopus. OH and then there is the tres leches. Holy crap! When my boyfriend and I first starting dating, he insisted I tried this cake so much that it was one of our first few dates. Thank god he insisted. It's amazing. 

Needless to say, I'm a fan. I am grateful to always count on Cantina for my Mexican fix!
Philly lacks middle ground when it comes to Mexican eats. On one end, we have renowned modern Mex restaurants, like Distrito, characterized by inspired flavors and experiences but prohibitive prices and small portions. In contrast, we boast a plethora of hole-in-the-wall taquerias that fill you with honest fare for under $10, but without ambiance. Sometimes, you need a relatively cheap spot with filling food, a sit-down atmosphere, and a drink program.

A few spots fit this bill, but Dos Segundos does it best. You can stuff yourself silly for $10-15 a head (add $5-10 for a drink) with not-entirely-authentic (and better for it) hearty Mexican fare. Free chips and salsa (a rarity in modern Mex) start off every meal, and both the refreshing verde and piquant roja salsas enliven the well-fried chips. The margaritas here, though a touch weak, awaken the palette with bright fruit flavors and a subtle tequila kick. Prickly pear and watermelon varieties have impressed the most. 

The food, while not as deftly executed as at the aforementioned popular/pricey restaurants, will please most palettes. Even through sampling a large portion of the menu, my meals have always satisfied. Favorites have included an al pastor burrito packed with chunks of spicy-sweet pork, a goat chimichanga replete with gamey, tender shreds of meat, and a vegetarian quesadilla fragrant with fungi funk from huitlacoche. Vegans and vegetarians do well here.

Definitely check out the specials board, as there the kitchen flexes its creative muscles with respectable success. Dos Segundos does a solid brunch as well for those looking to expand their horizons beyond basic benedicts and hashes. Service generally acts friendly, though can run a touch slow. Dos Segundos' combination of great food, tasty drinks, and low prices has makes it a versatile dining destination for anyone fiending for Mexican.
I have some fond memories of the Passyunk ave restaurant by the same owners, so I was excited when this place (which my friends and I lovingly refer to as "Cantina Two") first opened.  Unfortunately, it's just not as good.

The fun atmosphere and good booze make this place a favorite to friends and visitors from out of town, but I think the food is all quite bland.

The main reasons it's not getting five stars from me is that it suffers from the very same afflictions that plague its south philly sister - slower than average service and sweeter than average margaritas (stomach ache central!).  The bad, however, isn't so bad that it can't be overlooked.  

Give it a shot (maybe even a flight!)  But you're probably better off going two blocks north to El Camino Real.
Finally had the chance to try this place tonight !! Ordered two guava margaritas on the rocks which are a must ! It's a flavor that this place  is known for !!   Beware I've barely begun my second and the effects of the first safe  starting to hit me ! Safe to say the on the rock drinks are strongest I have a pretty high tolerance !  My dad ordered a frozen  passion colada margarita and it was tasty as well ! For the food item I went with a cabrito chimichanga with no beans Mexican rice picked red onions on the side and add jack cheese and let me tell you .....this was absolutely thee best  hero to I had in Philadelphia ! I've been here for almost three years and have been overall underwhelmed with most of the offerings  as I'm a native Angeleno  and am used to eat ting Mexican fOOd 6 out of 7 days a week ! This place  really impressed me ! It was the perfect place to try goat for the first time ! Give this place a shot !!!!
one star for having awesome outdoor seating
one star for the margaritas
one star for the additional round of free margaritas the bartender brought my friends and I, for no reason at all
one star for the chips because they are the best restaurant chips ever
one star for the friendliness of the staff (it was my birthday and the waiter brought me a free dessert of delicious fried bread)

and if I could give it a sixth star: 
one star for being stumbling distance from the photobooth at north bowl, which is the perfect place to go after you and your friends are cheerfully drunk after the margaritas.
Came here for the first time Sunday night and loved it. Low key vibe (love xmas lights in Mexican restaurants for some reason). Papaya salad with shrimp was delicious... crispy jimica strips, juicy papaya chunks, plenty of avocado, and succulent shrimp.  Flying Dog In Heat Wheat topped off my meal.  Definitely a great no libs spot!
For some reason I always neglect this place even though I walk by it every singe day of my life coming home from work.  Anyway, me and the babe decided to do brunch on Sunday morning after I read all the mostly decent reviews.  Unfortunately brunch does not start until 11 a.m. so we pretend slept until 10:30 to quiet the hunger rumbles from our stomachs. 

Got there and were seated immediately by a very friendly waitress.  She talked me into getting the bloody maria which is an AMAZING bloody mary just made with tequila. I ended up getting three because it was so good and refreshing.  Our meals were freaking fab.  My bf got some type of sopes with bacon egg, hollandaise sauce and I got the obnoxious breakfast burrito.  The eggs were fluffly, the rice, beans, salsa and cheese  were just perfection but also totally gross and my stomach said wtf are you doing.

Definitely hit up this place for an awesome laid back brunch.  We were both so satisfied.  I should mention that we went back and immediately fell back to sleep for three hours due to hangover, too much food, etc.  But thank you Dos Segundos for the best bloody Mary I have had in the past three months, and that is saying a lot.
We did a combination of the restaurant week menu and the regular menu, and ordered the seitan burrito and quesadilla. For appetizers we had the black bean soup and vegan elotes. For dessert we had the vegan flan, which wasn't good, and the berry tres leches, which was amazing. For the most part, the food and drinks were good, and the outdoor patio seating has a nice vibe with lights and umbrellas. 
However, I thought the food was a bit overpriced for what it was. The food is served in plastic and paper to-go containers even for dine-in. There's a 20% gratuity applied to all orders, but you have to walk up to the counter to order and there's no one really waiting tables or checking on us during the meal. The experience was pretty underwhelming, so unless there's an improvement in service and presentation, we probably won't be going back soon.
This place is definitely an awesome find. Within minutes of being seated we had water and chips on the table. I mean who doesn't like free chips and water? "Me!"... said no one ever. 
My cousin ordered some wings and the sweet plantains for our apps and we both ordered the cabrito platter for our entrees. Now I've been to a number of Mexican restaurants and this was my first time ever seeing goat on the menu and as a West Indian, this was greatly appreciated. 
The food was lovely and the service was equally great. Our server was attentive from the minute we sat down until we walked out of the door. He did forget my bag of chips for my to-go box, but I forgive him because I didn't need it anyway.
Pros: 
-bottomless chips & salsa (free)
-exceptional micheladas
-friendly staff
-clearly noted vegan & vegetarian menu items
-great drink menu
-tasty guacamole

Cons:
-uhhh.........none? TBD?

This is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots to eat in the city. Great for brunch and dinner, great drink menu... I've gotten different stuff each time and haven't been disappointed yet. So far my favorite has been the chimichanga. If I had enough money I would eat here everyday.
I love happy hour here! Also, they have fantastic goat tacos, and they're one of the few places in Philly that have huitlacoche. Mmm.
Came here for brunch and opted to sit outside because the weather was strangely warm for October. Our waitress was super nice and they had a lot of vegan and vegetarian options which is always a plus. 

The food was good but I wasn't wow'd at all. Overall, I enjoyed it though.
I yelped this place and decided to try it out with a girl friend of mine. We both came in very hungry and although we left very full, I cannot say I was 100% satisfied with the food. I ordered a burrito because I decided to play it safe because I mean being a Mexican restaurant, how do you mess up a burrito? But I spoke too soon. As I received my burrito and cut it in half, I realized that it did not look very appetizing at all. It was very dry and the flavor was definitely lacking even though it was stuffed with ingredients. I definitely will not order it again. However, before eating the entree, my friend and I ordered their special nachos and I absolutely loved it. It was a great start to the meal. Drinks were okay as well. Nothing special.

I'm not sure how likely it will be that I return here because I've tasted better Mexican restaurants. However if you're someone who likes to try everything and anything, I'd say there's nothing wrong with checking out this cantina.
I love brunch and also margaritas to go with it. YUMM! I came to Dos Segundos with my brother's girlfriend a few weeks ago and tried the huevos rancheros and fell in love with it. I have been searching for the best huevos rancheros. I know there are many versions of it but I hate lettuce and sour cream with mine. They have the best and also the best potatoes. I came again with my friends on Sat and we shared a pitcher of margarita. It was still the perfect huevos rancheros that I was craving for. The weekend before I had bloody orange mimosa. I LOVE Brunch!
YUM, YUMM, and more YUMMMY!

I was on the search for good Mexican food, and alas, I found Dos Segundos!

I was told the food was tasty, but I was determined to visit when I was told the margaritas were unique and strong! :)

My friends and I went on an early Thursday evening, and I made the wonderful decision to order guacamole with the chips, PLATANOS MACHOS (my favorite thing in life), and the tilapia tacos... I just can't tell you how happy my taste buds were!  I paired my delicious dish with a watermelon basil margarita.... and my life was complete.

Between the hipster vibe, the eclectic group of patrons, the tasty food and drinks--- this will always be a default spot when I'm in Philly!

With that said, I'm very sad this place is in Philadelphia... two hours from Baltimore, but each time I return to the city of "Brotherly Love" this will be on my agenda!!
I came here with my crew for a birthday celebration and wasn't too impressed, to be honest. 

There was a 45-minute wait, which was pretty disheartening, but a table opened up in the bar area so we decided to stay. If it hadn't been for the marvelous margarita and sangria pitchers they whip up here, this place may have been knocked down to two stars.

When we were finally seated, we were given a table that was definitely made for a smaller party. No big deal, since our friend group is pretty chill, but it was difficult to be comfortable once all of the food had been brought out.

As a group, we started with Boneless Wings in a special sauce that had been made that evening. Phenomenal. For the main course, I ordered Chicken Tacos (serving of three) and they were "alright" at best. The meat was a little bit dry and the sauce was a little bit bland, but I threw some salsa on and it worked out. 

I was disappointed that our waiter didn't put a birthday candle in my friend's burrito, like he promised. He still didn't bring one when we called him out on it too--c'mon now, where's the fun in that?

Overall, I felt like the long wait, okay food, and expensive drinks were not really worth it, even though we had a good time. As far as Northern Liberties is concerned, this spot is pretty low on my list of restaurants I'd visit again.
Been meaning to come here for years and never got around to it until yesterday afternoon when we stopped in for a quick small bite and a few drinks at the weird ass time of 2:30 PM.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I'm always weary of places like this since they tend to veer more towards the Americanized end of the Mexican food spectrum, but this delivered.

It was their brunch menu at that time, but we didn't want eggs at that time (however it all sounded delicious and I've heard great things).  We opted to split an order of the steak fajitas, which if you're not ravenously hungry, adequately feeds 2 people.  They give you TONS of delicious, seasoned, juicy steak atop a plethora of sauteed peppers, onions and mushrooms, and a side of toppings/filler: rice, beans, pico & guac (which i tried on its own with the chips and it was spot on).  Speaking of which, those fresh, warm homemade chips and flavorful red and green salsas were DOPE.  I do wish they gave us more than 4 small flour tortillas or bigger ones with the fajitas.  It was actually not enough to hold all the food.

BF got a traditional frozen margarita, which was tasty.  My "pink donkey" was not my cup of tea (very strong and heavy on the ginger beer, which I now realize I don't like), however, that's personal preference.  It was a really well made drink, just not ingredients I'd order next time.

Service was good and the prices are maybe a little pricey ($50+ with tip), but expected for the area (plus for the amount of food we got).  My main complaint would be how effing DARK it was.  It was a gorgeous, sunny, breezy 70 degree day and they kept all the windows and doors shut and there was virtually no light in there.  I could barely see the menus.  Felt kinda dingy.

Overall, I'd be back if I was in the area for a pitcher of margs and some guac, and perhaps some brunch.
I hate to say it, but despite all the positive feedback I've gotten from my friends, the experience here was pretty ordinary.  The food was edible, but not as mind blowing as folks have made it out to be.

The atmosphere was pretty chill, and typical of a Northern Liberties establishment.  It kind of looks like a hipster's take on Tijuana... but I mean that as a compliment.  But to be completely honest, I could care less about the appearance.  A restaurant that looks good but has sub par food to match, is like a really hot girl who's terrible at sex.  Fun to look at? Sure, but at the end of the day, you're still unsatisfied.

Although I suppose it's no wonder that all the recommendations came from white folks, (Nothing against white people.  Some of my best friends are white) but like Distrito, I did not see a single Latino eating here, which isn't the greatest sign in the world for a place specializing in Mexican food.

If this is really the best Mexican food you've ever had, then you should seriously take a good hard look in the mirror and evaluate your gringo-ness.  It wasn't terrible, but there is a lot of excellent Mexican food in the city, and they all do it well without catering to trendy twenty somethings.

I could see myself stopping by for an evening of drinking, but I don't think I'd eat here again.  Especially if you head north there are several great taquerías with amazing food at a fraction of Segundos' price.
There has been a lot of complaints about this place on the local message board.  I finally got to see for myself last night to see if these "critics" had any merit.  

My first impression was that this placed was PACKED after just one week of being in operation.  It should also be noted that it has only been about 6 weeks since the previous establishment closed so the fact that they are up and running at full speed already is something to marvel.  Clearly people like it here and/ or are anxious for something new in the area and the owners are prepared to service them.  

Second thought was it was a bit loud.  I'm not sure if it was just the music or if it was the people speaking loudly, it was probably both.  I thought it made for a fun atmosphere so I'm not complaining.  This is a great place to bring a group of friends and share a few pitchers of margarita's.

Our wait was about ten minutes so we got a beer at the bar.  I think they had about 6 beers on tap, all were good quality beers like you would typically find in any NoLibs bar these days.  The bartender was very speedy with our order while we waited for our table.  No sooner had I put the tip on the bar was our table ready!  Make sure you get a good look at the bazillion different bottles of tequila behind the bar!

One of the big draws to the Cantia is their margaritas.  The selection and quality of their drinks is top notch.  They can be on the sweet side though.  You might want to figure on pitcher one for two people - you should be feeling pretty good after that :-)  

The menu was a bit of a pain to translate since the titles (appetizers, entrees, etc) were in spanish as were most of the names of the dishes.  The menu was very diverse and had much more than your typical burrito and taco's.  I was a little overwhelmed so I went with a standby and ordered the goat chimichanga.  For vegetarians, this is probably one of the best places to get a good variety of food for the night. They put a single star next to veggie options and a double star next to vegan options.

You're in a for a bit of a "huh?" when your chimichanga arrives.  It looks more like a chicken pot pie that has been taken out of it's bowl.  I'm not sure what they do with this thing, but it is tasty!  I think I would still prefer the classic chimichanga though.  It only came with a small side salad and when I mean small it was really more like decoration.  I was offered to order some side accompaniments that do cost more like guacamole, lettuce, tomatoes, etc, but the waitress suggested that I instead wait to see what's coming with my friend's tacos as there is usually quite enough to share.  Once I began to dig in, I completely forgot about the extras and I'm glad I didn't  waste any money on them.

It was a good thing we stopped at the bar first to get a drink because the pitcher of prickly pear margarita took at least ten minutes. Other than that, the food came out at a very reasonable time and the service was very friendly and helpful.  The place was packed but I never felt rushed to leave.  For three of us the bill was about $80, at least $30 was for drinks.  I think you could go here and get a nice meal on the cheap side or you could come and spend a couple hours and go over a hundred bucks between two people.  I think that's a good diversity to have.

Did any of the critics have any valid claims about the Cantina?  Sure, not everyone's going to like it here.  It's not a cute little authentic mexican cafe to bring your mom or date to to chat.  This is more of party atmosphere to bring a bunch of friends and laugh it up over a bunch of tequila infused concoctions.  It's dimly lit but not dark and I think it's perfect.  The music was a little loud and played good rock music ranging from Hendrix, Violent Femmes and Cold Play - stuff to sing along to.  Sorry, the Cantina Band was not available this evening.

Please, don't come to The Cantina if you're a sour puss dying to dissuade potential customers from coming because the food isn't authentic enough for you or isn't as good as your favorite mexican place 65 blocks away from Northern Liberties.  Come here with the intention of leaving with a smile on your face and I'm sure that you will.
I'm sure there's some really good food here but I just don't have the energy to seek it out when there is some damn good brisket and taco salad just a couple blocks up 2nd.  

I had a plate of Mahi Mahi tacos which were really good, I suppose but this was offset by my girlfriend's tepid tuna salad.  I dunno...  I suppose I should go back and try it again as it's not fair to judge something so middle of the road like this with one visit...
When Bar Ferdinand and El Camino Real shut down their kitchens for an hour (4-5pm) last Sunday, my girlfiend and I were distraught. Luckily a quick search in the phone landed us at Dos Segundos and we ended up pleasantly surprised.

Being first timers our waitress was exceptionally patient and helpful, even comping my g/f's super strong margarita for us being nubes. My cornmeal-encrusted calamari was a dinner (past 5pm) special, but my waitress snagged me an order anyway- It was DELICIOUS! I taste the squid everywhere I go, and Dos Seg's is NOT to be missed... the tomato dipping sauce goes perfect!  My Girl could not get enough of her 'green 'tomatillo' version.

The steak chimichanga that followed was plump, perfectly cooked and packed with fatty, delicious steak strips. The accompanying mexican rice and cheese was in perfect proportion... just wish there was more of that yummy cheese! (never enough cheese, ordering extra next time)

Unfortunately for me, the 'peanut butter bombe' got 86ed just as I was packing away the 'changa, and a few bites of my girl's vegan 'Red Velvet Cake' just reminded me why I love butter, cream and eggs so much.  Not that it wasn't good, just not my cup o' tea. 

What was my cup of tea was my waitress' suggestion: Lime Jarritos soda! It ruled! I put down 4... FOUR!  Good looking out!

We will be back again and again for sure... must visit!
I have a long review written but here is the short version:

Food: 2 out of 5 stars- well conceived but poorly executed dishes. HUGE portions, which in my opinion is a sign of subpar food. Fish was overdone and definitely was frozen, not fresh. Tables are extremely cramped

Long version: 


My girlfriend and I both love to try new places to explore great food. We decided to look on yelp and we both were in the mood for Mexican which led us to Cantina Dos Segundos. After careful reading of reviews and perusing the menu we decided to give it a go. We arrived at 5pm to a completely empty restaurant and immediately felt slightly awkward because the entire wait staff seemed annoyed we had to break up their powwow. Thus started and evening of sincere disappointment. 

The tables meant for 2 are completely too small- after our drinks, chips and salsa, and appetizer were all on the table- there was literally no room. So much so, our server stacked our chip bowl between the two salsa bowls. Every maneuver had to be carefully thought out as not to spill something. I'm not sure if we caught the kitchen on an off day or perhaps an off hour. 

We started with the Costillitas for an appetizer. The ribs were old and dried out. I suspected that had been cooked previously in the day if not on an earlier day and been reheated. The sauce was very very thickened and dried to the plate (as if sat under a heat lamp or nuked in the microwave). Even the salsa had evidence of sitting out to dry.

 Then entrees- I ordered the Tinga Poblana de Cerdo, which is essentially a pork shoulder, chorizo, and potato stew. Again it definitely was evident that the order had been microwaved (Plate was too hot to touch, stew was MOLTEN hot and a slight crust had formed around the top rim). I can expect, even hope, a stew to be prepared in advance and left cooking all day (mmmm ) but it was my suspicion it had been prepared another day, refrigerated, then reheated for me. My girlfriend ordered the Mahi Mahi. It was quite fishy and probably one of the driest pieces of fish i've ever eaten. Both entrees also came with a massive amount of throw-away sides like reheated rice and veggies. In my mind- it seemed like we came at an off hour. I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt and say MAYBE they cook to order during normal dinner hours and perhaps we came too early that we caught them at a bad time. One thing is for sure. I know when my order is made-to-order and when it has been reheated. i can say for 90% certainty that every single thing i consumed that day had been cooked on a previous date and my chef for the day was a commercial microwave.

I would consider giving them another chance to taste some of these dishes when they are fresh, but unfortunately, with so many great choices in philly for good food, i can say I wont be back by my own choosing.
They say good things come to those who wait. I ended up here with two friends after several failed attempts to go other places on a Saturday night, simply because there was no wait. I think you see where this is going.

Admittedly, growing up in southern California gave me a pretty high bar for Mexican food. Even with my adjusted "East coast Mexican food" bar, the food was nothing special. My friends and I split tacos, empanadas, and nachos. It wasn't spicy enough, for one thing, and the nachos seemed to get soggy fast. We also got a pitcher of margaritas, which was undrinkable as served because the syrup was overwhelming and you couldn't taste the tequila. We asked for seltzer water to cut it with, and that helped enough to make it tolerable. 

Service was slow and our server seemed to have a difficult time. We were brought then wrong check at first, and later we discovered that we were also given someone else's leftovers instead of ours. In the moment, being super impatient and needing food, it was what we needed. Next time, though, I won't settle for meh things, I'll wait for good things.
UUUUGHHHHHH.

HOLY CRAP, GUYS. I just left Cantina Dos Segundos and feel like Violet from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Can someone roll me home?? Stomach. Too. Full.

Let me start by saying that our service was INCREDIBLY slow tonight. There were a few occasions where we wanted drinks or dessert and were waiting and waiting for our server. Luckily I was in good company and didn't mind, but I was tempted to give 3 stars only. 

However, the massive delicious amounts of food and drinks that I consumed tonight have convinced me to stick with my four-star rating.

WHY?

#1. The guacamole. Whoever wrote that the serving of guac you get for $8 was too small was insane. It came in a cereal bowl with HOT chips. And as a cilantro hater I was pleased that the guacamole was not doused in cilantro, but perfectly balanced in all respects (especially the chunk factor!).

#2. The passion fruit and mango margaritas. Uh-mazing. I stayed away from the blood orange marg's because that's what I ALWAYS get at every place, ever, and boy I'm glad I did! The passion fruit ones were off the chain.

#3. The tacos. I will admit that I was skeptical...$11 bucks for tacos with sour cream and cheese? Whoa, nelly. I did not expect three gigantic chorizo tacos to come out from the kitchen. Truth be told, I should have only consumed two of the three. But they were so goooooood!

#4. Dessert. Why, you ask, did we get dessert after feeling like we were on the verge of exploding? Well, it sounded good! The chocolate peanut butter bombe was indeed all it was cracked up to be (picture available above). It was certainly a nice way to end the meal...even though it was completely unnecessary.

I would 100% return - but I would not gorge myself the way I did tonight.
Welp, the nachos are pretty much worth sacrificing your left pinky toe for. But that's not necessary b/c they're like 5 bucks. De-lect-able. 

This place used to be Azure and they also had amazing nachos so clearly the nacho karma is great in that building. 

Food is great. Bartenders are cute. If you have a car, swing on by. If not, grab some mace, a protective shield and a money belt and hop on the el. You won't regret it.*



*If you do, I can not be held liable. The bartender was reeeally cute.
awesome mohitos!  get the pitcher, it's a steal.
everything here is great.  and if you go on a friday around 6ish, there usually is no wait.  nice music selection, too.
I loved this place! I would definitely try to go back with my girlfriend once a week as our mid-week outing! 

When you walk up, there are tables outside- which adds a level of friendliness you just can't fake. This little place; in the middle of the block- had personality. When we went inside there were colored Christmas lights strung out over the walls. It made you feel like you were in a Mexican villa on the countryside. Even the restrooms had huge personalities. Antiqued paint that looked like it was done by hand with a brush (I'm a professional painter- so I should know lol)

The food... WOW... A few minutes after we sat down, the complimentary chips and dip came over. Two huge bowls with two different types of salsa. I ordered the guacamole and chips as an appetizer- which was enormous! I ordered a goat burrito and Raquel ordered a chicken . Both of which were enormous. I have a big appetite but after making it half way through that burrito? I was begging for a take-home box. 

The service was not so great- that was the only flaw to this place. When my girlfriend and I requested take-home boxes from the waitress, she started clearing the table were still sitting there talking. Raquel actually had to say, "I wanted that salsa, could you give me more to take home, please?" 

That was no account for the quality of the food. It was excellent and the portions were HUGE. I would definitely come back, regardless of the service. It was muy deliciouso!
Yum, yum, yum. Went here with a big group to celebrate a friend's birthday. The staff really handled the large group well (there were over 20 of us) and everyone enjoyed their food.

The margaritas were excellent, the chips and salsa were endless, and my mahi mahi tacos were fresh and filling. It also wasn't that expensive at ALL (the pitcher of margarita was a very good investment).

I also really enjoy the atmosphere and the fact that it's a short walk to North Bowl.
This review isn't based on a real sit-down experience at the restaurant. Instead it's based on the Yelp Elite event at Cantina where they served lots of appetizers and the Yelp Block Party where Cantina was one of a number of awesome restaurants that gave tastes of a few selections. BUT based on those tastings, I can't wait to go back and try it for real. Such delicious esquites and fabulous flan.
Ugh one of my biggest struggles in life is learning not to eat my full of the chips/bread/appetizers in the middle of the table before my meal comes out. I sit there, wringing my hands, repeating "you've had enough, you've had enough, don't touch..." the chips and salsa at Dos Segundos make this life goal even more difficult... Perfectly crunchy and salty with two zesty flavorful kinds of salsa, darn you Dos Segundos! I was almost ready to throw in the towel and then my beautiful, huge plate of enchiladas came out filled with perfectly seasoned pulled chicken inside and a sweet yet tangy sauce cut with just the right amount of sour cream and I forgot all about how full I was and dug right in - I don't regret a minute of it! 
I have to admit I live in Northern Liberties, closer to El Cantina and didn't even know Dos Segundos was there until last night - DONT make the same mistake! 
Food was plentiful (my date and I both took home doggie bags), services was fantastic, and the margaritas were good too - strong and not too sweet. I can't wait to go back.
If I could hump the nachos here and not be arrested, I just might.

By far the best nachos with vegan beef I've had in my life.  Corn, Black beans, jalepenos... nom.

The chimichangas - always delicious.  Burritos - huge and filling.  Tofu and smoked seitan fajitas, delectable...

However, when it is in season... the roasted corn.  My god.  They cover it in a crema and cheese and it is out f'n standing.

I've eaten at both Cantinas dozens of times - this one perhaps more due to it being easier to find parking, it has NEVER failed.  Come hungry, leave gassy.

Go Cantina.

Oh yeah, the drinks too... also amazing.  Top 5 best phila restaurants - hands down
I have a love-like relationship with this place.  I used to love it.  I took my wife there on our first date because I knew it would appeal to her vegan sensibilities, and for a while, we were regulars.  We always got the vegan fajitas - one order is enough for two people and the tofu and seitan are really flavorful. The used to also serve vegan cake from Vegan Treats in Bethlehem, PA, and that was really the icing on the meal.  They stopped doing that a while ago and maybe in protest, we stopped going for about a year.  We tried it again recently and the fajitas are still on point.  They also give you bottomless chips and salsa which is a plus.  Just bring back Vegan Treats! Nothing compares.
Some day I will quite literally have to come back to Philadelphia just to come to this place again.  It was that good.

I really was here completely at random.  Just wanted to get some food before having to drive up to Boston (all flights being delayed for days after a huge snowstorm) - all this on a trip travelling from Vegas.

Unfortunately I had to eat fast, as I did not have much time, but looking over the menu it looked like you could not go wrong regardless of what you ordered.
GREAT white sangria! The plantains are better here than they are at Cantina Los Caballitos as are most things like service, food quality and location (for me personally). I had the best wings I have ever tasted here (it's a current special) and the waitstaff are really friendly. Perfect for a late lunch as it's not really crowded and the service is quick.
