I appreciate the restaurants that still offer a comment card. So here's my response to theirs:

Questions, Comments, Concerns:
I wish I had known about the once free parking lot across the street no longer being free. I got a $26 ticket, *&$#!)@($*^ PPA. Unrelated, I quite like your jukebox.

About You (they mean me):

Name: Well, Monica.
Birthday: December 27th
Favorite Food: Whatever's fresh and cooked for me. Unless it's beets.
Favorite Drink: Sidecar
Favorite Song When Drinking: Major Lazer "Hold the Line"
Favorite Song When Drunk: Only if I can scream it, Hole "Celebrity Skin"
Song that Makes Me Feel Cool While I'm Walking Down the Street: Folk Implosion "Natural One"
Song of My Hangover: "My Alcoholic Friends" Dresden Dolls
Who I Would Like to Meet: A dreamboat I can call my own.

Let me know when pitchers are going to be half-priced and other special events:

Yes.
This is the way things go. Wolf Parade on the jukebox. Pitchers of blood orange margaritas. Nachos topped with homemade pulled chicken.
Someone at my table making shameless attempts to hit on our server. Our server offering herself up for a threesome. Me refusing said threesome (I'm a lady of virtue). My mom pointing out that the girl would be prettier if she wasn't covered in tattoos. Someone ordering far too many house specials (Tecate and Sauza tequila). Someone ordering far too many specials for the next table under my tab. Staring at the other patrons deciding who's sexy, who's sexy-ugly, and who's faking it. Analyzing all the first dates. Analyzing ourselves. 

Lots of stuff happens at Cantina. And for just being a restaurant, I can spend an entire night here only to wake up feeling like I've smoked a carton of Reds (when I haven't). It's a rowdy place and you should go there to feel like you're in Reality Bites.
I've been to both Cantina locations a bunch, so I'm surprised this is my first time reviewing Los Caballitos. My husband and I popped in last night for an early dinner and a couple drinks. Our server was Emily F and she was really sweet and fantastic. 

I was dying for a margarita but didn't want something really sweet or high in calories. They have their own version of a skinny margarita, which is made with Espolon reposado, lime and agave. The first round was quite tart but I assumed that was because they were going light on the agave. The second round was much more well-balanced. I hate inconsistency with drinks and I feel like it happens all the time with margaritas for some reason. Bartenders: please measure!  

Of course, the chips and fresh salsas (verde and roja) are delicious, but I was trying to eat light so I only had a couple chips. Luckily, our food arrived relatively quickly so I wasn't too tempted. I ordered the chicken fajitas, no beans. Our server asked if I wanted to sub anything else, so I opted for more veggies. The plate arrived loaded with peppers, onions, mushrooms and chicken, plus some white rice, and a separate plate with pico, guac and tortillas. I ate about half and brought the rest home for a second meal. My husband had the chorizo tacos, which looked great. 

Cantina is an old standby where you can go all out and eat heavy, cheesy Mexican, or choose from plenty of options when you just want to keep it light. I probably wouldn't go at a time when there's likely to be a wait but it's great during less busy hours.
Cantina is a cool Mexican restaurant in South Philly that offers a lot of vegetarian and vegan options on the menu. The Cantina has a good selection of drinks, too. There is a bar area, indoor seating area, and a patio outside. 

For the most part, the staff are friendly. I've only had one bad experience in terms of customer service (we were waiting forever for the waitress to take our order, who gave better, friendly service to these two dudes at the table near us). She kept stopping by their table and asking if they wanted water and doting over them, while ignoring us. 

Veggie Menu Items of Note: 
- Quesedia Vegetariana (appetizer)
- Mushroom and Pepper Jack Empenadas (appetizer)
- Tacos or Burritos with either Black Beans, Vegetables, or Vegan Beef 
- Any of the salads
To put it shortly:
Dear heavens, this place is the BEST. The absolute, best Mexican. 

More details, maybe:
My friends and I came here to celebrate one of our friend's birthday, as it was his favorite place. We were greeted-with cheer, and the friendly hostess immediately led us to our table. Then we were served and checked on frequently. 
From start to finish the service was fast, friendly, and on cue. 
We were four, and the menu was intersting. I believe we ended up ordering everything on the menu. And we loved everything we ordered.
I would personally recommend the Camarones al Ajillo( garlic shrimp as an appetizer), Pescado (mani mani for your main course) and crème brûlée, which most of you, probably, know it is my my favorite dessert. It was a sad moment when the last bite of the crème brûlée was devoured, I had to order another one.

I can't wait to go back to Cantina Los Caballitos.

Four and half Yelps.
The Cantina has elicited many feelings from me over the last year: disappointment, hatred, rage.  But mostly confusion at the management's insistence on understaffing the outside seating area. (Seriously, just one more server would make more money for everybody!)

However, lately I have settled on the feeling of LOVE.  And that is basically due to the frozen watermelon margaritas and vegetarian quesadillas.  

You see, when that cold pitcher of booze and fresh watermelon arrives on the table, I quickly forget I waited almost 20 minutes just to order it. 

And with each earthy, cheesy bite of the mushroom and huitlacoche quesadilla that I smother with the addictive smoked crema, the memory of my friend finding a cockroach in his steak burrito becomes ever more distant.

So, you know what.  I've made peace with their many inadequacies.  And so too have many others, because the place is always bumping.
No need for a long review-check out all the other satisfied customers!

I will comment on my favorite drinks and dishes!  The blood orange mojitos;  margaritas; Moscow mules are agitating!

The food dishes are flavorful and plentiful!  The empanadas; burritos; nachos and arroz con pollo are my favorites!  

On the weekends-it gets busy-parking is scarce..but it is worth it!

Love This Place!
Let me tell you a little story about me and Mexican food: We go way back, but we've never really seen eye to eye. Mexican food is like a friend who's really fun to drink with, but then trashes you to all of your friends about the stupid things you did when you were inebriated. Well, I'm really stupid for returning again and again to Mexican food, because it always gets me in the end.

The restaurant was really crowded tonight, both inside and out. My boyfriend and I considered eating outside, since it was so nice out, but it was too windy and everyone's plates and uneaten food were blowing all over the place (rather unappetizing). The atmosphere is agreeable, but the tables were a little too close together for my taste. 

I was very impressed with the service. We were approached immediately by a nice waiter who took our drink orders. We each ordered the Tecate special, which was a can of Tecate and a shot of tequila for $4. Definitely a good way to start off the meal. After he dropped off our drinks, we ordered, and our food came out in five minutes. Awesome. Of course, there was a reason the food came out so quickly: I'm sure the burritos were premade, not that that's necessarily a bad thing, but a little quality was definitely sacrificed. The burritos were just okay. They were a little lacking in flavor. The chicken was good, but the filling (rice, beans, cilantro, cheese) was kind of bland. We also ordered guacamole and chips... and I have a suspicion that the guacamole was the primary culprit in making my stomach turn so horribly. The chips, though... the chips were damn good.

I have to say that the best part of the meal for me was their Blood Orange Margarita, which I'd wanted to order since I read Bill McThrill's review of their Dos Segundos location. I ordered the frozen one, sans salt, which was only $6 and was packed with alcohol and flavor. Yum. 

I enjoyed my visit there, but unfortunately my stomach did not. The turnaround time was extremely short, even considering my relationship with Mexican food, which was quite distressing, as I was walking (or planned to walk, anyway) from this location to a gallery at 3rd and Arch, and then home to my apartment (in the Art Museum area). I made it to 5th and Pine and had to get a cab, because I was almost doubled over in pain. I'll just say that it didn't end well. I really enjoy eating Mexican food, but I have to stop torturing myself.
I have a love-hate relationship with the Cantina, as we call it. The food is ok, and I find the portions are pretty large, at least for my stomach. That's probably where the good ends.

The staff here leaves a LOT to be desired. When my server has his hair grown into his beard, which has grown into his chest hair, all exposed from his torn-up plaid shirt, and looks like he hasn't bathed in days, I worry. Almost all of the impossibly rude and uninterested waitstaff look like they need to be hosed down in general, much less before they touch my food. They are invariably slow, and it isn't unusual here for dining to take HOURS. I'm sorry you've had to tear yourself from your world-changing discussion to refill my weird-tasting Coke. 

Any given night, it is inevitably packed with every hipster in a mile radius that glare at us neighborhood-folk like it is their God-given right while blocking the entire sidewalk & entrance to the Cantina. They don't even respond to polite requests to enter the building, so I've just taken to stomping past them as they glare and swinging the door open, it's about the only thing that works. I don't like to sit outside because car fumes from Passyunk combined with the cigarette smoke being blown in my face does not make for a pleasant meal. Good luck trying to park in the legal spots next to the tables. Even more death glares are thrown your way, and more than once they've refused to move their heavy metal chairs just a smidge so people can exit the car. I'm sure people have left with huge dents in their vehicles from these chairs slamming into them.

Perhaps the worst thing about the Cantina is the deafening music - which isn't even pleasant to listen to - is played so loud I literally cannot have a single coherant thought. To order food you have to point at it on the menu, since your server can't hear you either, between the juke box and the cackling groups that frequent the place. I went here for brunch once, and we were the only two people in the joint and we still had to scream because they refused to lower whatever  they blare at 11am. 

El Zarape across the street is 100x better and tastier, but when I do have the occasional craving, I'll order some take-out from the Cantina -maybe the best thing about the place.
I've been going here on and off for over a year now. Each time I go I am sure of three things:

1) There will be a juke box playing random music loudly
2) The plate of nachos will be huge and delicious
3) The margaritas are affordable, mixed well, and taste great

It's a fun place to go with a group or with one other person. The menu has a selection of many different items and the specials or weekly offerings are plentiful. The lights are dim, candles are on every table.

Instead of ordering individual plates (entrees), consider getting several appetizers for your table. It is a better way to try many different things and it costs about the same. Buying margaritas by the pitcher is also a good idea if you're in a group or really thirsty. Because you can get about 5 glasses for $22 (doing the math though, that is only a $3 savings over buying 5 margaritas at this place).

Consistently, I go here in high spirits and leave here in high spirits. The music can be loud sometimes, but on occasion the volume is turned down slightly (Phillies were playing last night at the bar). I look forward to going here every time I get the chance.
Chorizo tacos.

It's been years since I have been to Cantina.  I came here once before when I didn't even live in Philadelphia.  It was odd that my friend from New York heard about a place with great Margaritas in South Philly.  After a phillies games, we investigated.  So glad we did.

Fast forward a few years.  I know live in walking distance of Cantina.  I know plenty of people who are regulars.  It's been on my list for a year now and I finally went after a run one night.  Delicious.

I love this space.  It's got such style.  It's theme is so approachable and there is a soul to this restaurant that makes you feel good.  The chips and salsas (two of them) are both delicious and make it hard to leave room for your actual meal.  These tacos were amazing.  The tortillas were perfect and the chorizo had great texture and spice.  I know I could have eaten 10 more of them.

The menu is so reasonable and the place is just fun and inviting.  Our waitress was extremely personable and I know that I'm gonna become a regular here.
Cantina was not our original destination this afternoon. We were supposed to meet at Stargazy and Sam was sold out of pies, so we settled on Cantina, which was nearby. 

It was a beautiful fall Sunday afternoon, and we decided to eat outside. We 6 were sat immediately and the menu held some interesting brunch choices. I was immediately glad we chose this place. 

We ordered beers, sangrias and Bloody Mary's and all seemed good (the beer was anyway). I really liked the idea of a breakfast burrito but eventually settled for steak tacos because I hadn't had one in awhile. 

I liked them, but I have to say, through no fault of cantina, I realize that I grew up on flour tortillas and I just don't like corn tortillas as much. Still the steak and fillings were to die for. 

This is a great weekend brunch option if you are in the area. Definitely go when you can enjoy the patio area.
This place like its new sister, Dos Segundos in Northern Liberties, leaves much to be desired.  Both are cool drinking spots with a good bar area and have some nice outdoor seating which is always a good combination for a night out.  They both have a nice drink menu with plenty of margarita options.

If you're looking to have a really great meal, however-  this is not the place to be.  For cocktails + chips 'n salsa, it's fine - for serious eatin', not so much.   From salads, to burritos to whatever inauthentic, generic mexican fare, execution is average and the taste is so-so.  On more than one occasion the guacamole has tasted way over-ripe - which is just unacceptable.  Not to mention, any extra fixings on your meal comes at an extra cost per fixing.  Penny-pinchers...

Another gripe: for the size of the restaurant and the clientele, they offer only two single bathrooms.  Both are so dimly lit (to hide the grime?) and have no mirrors.  Bizarre. 

This cantina is the obvious flagship bar for this neighborhood, so it's always packed, Sunday brunch, Thursday nights - whatever, whenever so it can get a little crowded.  This place doesn't warrant a detour or a second visit - unless you're already nearby, craving an adult beverage and a lot of company.
I've been here twice, both times with a similar outcome:
Came in for a drink (like, one or two MAX) and left having had three or four.
That's what happens when pitchers of margarita are half price during Happy Hour.

We also had the veggie wings and some sort of ridiculous hot dog. Both ruled.

And of course, I thought the bartender (in training?) was cute. 
I need to be kept in captivity and told to shut up.
Awesome, just awesome.  My girlfriend took me there for my birthday this year and between the food and beer selections, I hope she takes me there next year.  She had the fish taco's which were made from Tilapia and I had some sort of steak that would have been about two feet long if it was unrolled - no joke.  Make sure that you don't pig out on the chips before you're appetizers and en trees come out!

The atmosphere was amazing.  If you've ever been to Disney World and ate at one of the country's restaurants in Epcot (i.e., Mexico, Germany, Italy, etc.), one thing that makes them great is how well it's decorated and how much it resembles the country.  Cantina's got it down when it comes to the atmosphere and our server was extremely cool with menu suggestions.
I was here at 5:15. I was told the wait would be 1 hour and it was my sister's birthday so we stayed. At 6:45 I asked the hostess if we were on the list still and they informed me that it would be another 15 minutes with no apologies. 30 minutes later I went back to the hostess who still did not apologize or seem to have any sympathy for the fact that we were waiting for over 2 hours at this point. I asked for the manager and watched the hostess tell her that someone wanted to talk to her AND THE MANAGER ROLLED HER EYES! When I spoke to the manager she had an attitude and told me that she "can't read minds" so she doesn't know when people are going to get up and leave. I have never felt so disrespected by staff and especially management. 

Before this point I really enjoyed this place even though the service was never spectacular and I would only go for nachos and margaritas with my husband. Now I am appalled by their lack of sheer respect for customers. They get business so I guess they don't care about customers individually? Super disappointing.

The drinks are indeed delicious but definitely overpriced and the staff is never overly friendly. The one plus side for sure is that they have vegan meat as an option and delicious drinks.
I've been here twice and both times I have had a good time! The first time was on a weekend night and it was unbelievably packed. But somehow it was still easy to order drinks from the bar. And can I just say I am in love with their $4 special. A can of Tecate and a shot of tequila. Brilliant. The music is good and the crowd always seems to be having a great time.

The bartenders are friendly and easy to grab their attention. This place just has a good/fun atmosphere.


The second time I went here I decided to sit down and get dinner. It was on a saturday night and was packed so we sat at the bar and had a drink till a table came available. It was maybe a 30 minute wait which wasnt too bad.

The chips and salsa are excellent and they give you a good amount. I had the spcial which was 3 enchiladas. I had cheese enchiladas and they were excellent. The portion was huge and you get a lot of beans and rice as well.

Prices ae good here and the waiters were friendly also. I definitely need to come back and try their margaritas and get a pitcher of something to drink.

I am not sure about parking since we cabbed it there, and I am told there is an outdoor patio during warm weather so im excited to check that out.

For this being my first Mexican restaurant in Philly, I am pleasantly surprised!!!

And like I mentioned, Tecate and a shot of tequila for $4. Awesome!
Unbiased responses to other reviews:


"Murrr, I thought the Caliente Margarita was too spicy!"

Well, perhaps next time you shouldn't order a PITCHER of a drink you've never had before!  Of course it's going to be spicy, that's the whole point.  Next thing you know you'll be complaining that martinis have too much liquor in them or that rib eye steaks are too marbleized. 

" They were definitely busy, but it was a Sunday morning, not a Saturday night - manageable crowd."

Hey, just an FYI at places that serve brunch Sunday morning IS Saturday night.  See also:  Sabrina's, Honey's, Morning Glory.  Slow service sucks, I whole-heartedly agree, however don't act like Sunday mornings are 11am on a Wednesday.

"50 cents for pico de gallo? 50 cents for cheese? 50 cents for freakin' jalapenos? Shit adds up, man."

Holy shit, food costs money.  I'll be sure to alert the CityPaper on what is sure to be their next big expose.

"The food is nothing I can't make at home."

Welcome to eating Mexican food in America, I'm amazed it took you this long to figure that out.  Actually that sentence could be said about almost any restaurant in the city, guess that means they should all close up shop, amirite? 

Also anyone that complains about how long their wait was, but doesn't bother to include how big their party was is leaving out some critical information.  Yes, your party of 8 people might take 90 minutes to sit in a busy restaurant that doesn't take reservations.  Your party of 2 may not take that long, but again, on a friday night the list can get looooong.  I've definitely been quoted over 90 minutes at plenty of restaurants in this city.  Complaining that a restaurant is so popular that you didn't get sat at the time you wanted is just silly.
I don't think I've ever said this about a restaurant, but this place kinda sucks. I've heard such great things about the restaurants in the area, and the wife and I were excited to enjoy the cool night by eating outside so we stopped by Cantina Los Caballitos. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the host, who looked like we were seriously bothering her. "Umm it's gonna rain and our outdoor seating under the awning is seriously limited." Alright, inside it is!

The 1 star comes now. The dude delivering the chips to everyone's table was enthusiastically walking around with a HUGE smile on his face. This guy was the best part of the meal. 

The waitress stopped by to take drink orders. She was friendly enough, but nothing else really stood out. The wife ordered a mojito with only a tiny amount of simple syrup and then we were on to food. She got chicken enchiladas and I got the Mixto salad with steak. We also ordered guacamole to share. 

The initial bowl of chips was fine, which is not the ideal chip description if you ask me. They were very thin, cold and broke immediately when dipped into anything thicker than water. The mojito tasted like sugar mixed with more sugar and topped with a little sugar. The guacamole was pretty bland and could have used some salt. The guacamole also came with a few chips shoved into it for decoration, and those 8 or so chips were very stale. Very stale. 

The enchiladas were also bland. The wife said she would expect that quality from a chain restaurant, aka not good. My salad, which promised "mixed greens" only had Romain lettuce. The steak was cold and the dressing was clumpy, and again bland. 
Dessert? No thanks. We were already disappointed enough.
My husband and I are what you call "light weights" in the drinking world. Lets just say after a 6 pack of Mikes Hard Lemonade..things can get pretty wild.

Hey, if it costs us 1/3 as much to get the same amount of wasted as the rest of y'all then SCORE for this married couple! 

So of course Catina Los Caballitos' $20 pitcher of BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITA is a weekend favorite of ours! "Let's get this party started"!

Pair that up with the free WICKED GOOD Chips & Salsa (the best we have ever had at any mexican joint) and a couple orders of Entree's and we are GOOD TO GO!

In all honesty we DON'T just come here to get smashed, the food is good. Not the best and not really authentic (in my opinion) but really good quality and fun new flavors. We prefer this location over the Northern Liberties one because of the laid back crowd and more chill out feeling of this location.

Two thumbs up! :)
I've been going to the Cantina for years- before it gained its current popularity. It is a spot that coworkers and I would attend after work, and a spot that my 8-year-old and I would get brunch after church, on Sundays. My son became familiar with some of the staff there, and he would even go back and forth telling corny knock knock jokes with a few of the ladies. The food was always great, and service for the most part was always fair to good. 

On February 11, 2017, I decided to take my friend to the Cantina. It would have been his first time going, and we arrived around 11:45 AM. Of course on a Saturday morning, it is not packed and crowded like how a typical Saturday evening would be. I requested a booth from the hostess. She explained that booths are for parties of 3 or more. This was not news to me, as I have been a frequent patron of the Cantina for years. I told her that I knew about the rule but that since it was not too busy, I was hoping that my friend and I could grab a seat where we weren't sitting right on top of the people at the table next to us. The hostess reluctantly went to speak to a manager to ask if we could have the booth. When she returned, she told us that it was not possible. I decided to let that go and requested that we sit at a table near the bar, where there was literally no one sitting. The hostess claimed that those tables were reserved, and she offered us seats at the high top tables. I am only 5'2"- high tops are not my thing, okay? So I turned to my friend and asked him what did he want to do. He told me that he didn't mind a high top, but I said to him, "Let's just go somewhere else." The batty hostess lightly touches my arm and says, "Yeah, you should go somewhere else. It's not a good day. Sorry, love you. Bye-bye." After my friend saw my facial expression he grabbed my arm and turned me around and said, "OK love, we're leaving. Let's go." That little chickadee was spared. She did NOT want to hear what I really wanted to say to her- I would have given that poor girl nightmares... Anyways... 

Being born and raised in South Philadelphia, as well as a resident, I am not oblivious to the fact that staff at the Cantina treat locals differently from their yuppie crowd. I try not to read into this too much, since it has happened to people around me more so than to me. However, this was one for the books- I have NEVER in my life been told that I should go to another restaurant. Immediately upon leaving, I called the restaurant asking to speak to the manager on duty. She reiterated the 3 or more party for booths and said that she would talk to the host- THAT WAS IT. 

I waited another week to catch another manager, named Meredith. I explained the situation and she was very apologetic. She told me that she does not want to lose my business and asked for my address to send me a gift certificate. She addressed her flighty hostess and apologized on her behalf. This made me feel a bit better. 

Today is March 18, 2017 and I have turned in my towel. I never received the gift certificate or a follow up about this matter. This is the worst customer service that I have ever experienced. When I made a Facebook post, my friends claimed that service at the Cantina had gone down a long time ago. The sad part is I have so many memories and great times being here. I have so generously tipped servers, even when service was not great. I am extremely disappointed in the way my situation was handled and my friends and I will never set foot in this place, again. Staff and management at the Cantina need to be trained in customer service and in just being good to people- especially neighbors of the Cantina. 

I expected more from you, Cantina. You've lost a loyal customer.
Cantina! Cantina!
Pitcher margaritas!
A hipster manana!
Girls wear bandanas!
Eat fried bananas!
Only if only,
At the East Passyunk Cantina!
Where only White people
Exploit the cultures of Mexican.

PS: If you want real authentic Latin American food that isn't served by kids out of a "Belle and Sebastian" documentary please go further down East Passyunk to the real people suffering to make a bit of our American dollars, especially the kick-ass burritos at Taqueria Veracruzana. At an awesome price and right off of 9th and Washington. 

Now take it I don't hate the Cantina and heck it's marketing a decent product. Mexican food is becoming a huge deal over the last few years, especially the word "Chipotle!". God, even KFC is marketing something with "chipotle" in it, now is it "chipotle"? That's between you and the corpse of Col Sanders. 

Now back to my point. Real Mexican food should be managed and served by just those people, especially to us ever ignorant "speak English!" Amoronicans. It's bad enough we have to admit to our failures in choosing the people to lead us and the food we are responsible for... Pat's and Geno's. 

So yes, I did eat here. Yes, the food is actually good. And no it doesn't bother me that kids that want to be Brooklyn savvy work and serve there. And well, if someone actually Mexican prepares the food  in the kitchen, more power to them. But my friend worked their and their chef is rockin' the Caucasian thing. Just don't forget there are other burrito bars lurking about with just the same goodness and at a better price too.
Cantina was many, many years early to the current Passyunk boom and has a great location, a loyal following and friendlier prices than some of its newer neighbors. Occasionally the specials raise above the average and they have the most perfect chips and salsa you could imagine, but this is a place where you should expect atmosphere and drinks and be surprised by anything more.

On occasion, expect slow food preparation, disappearing servers, chips and even waters to never be refilled -- even with tons of staff working and only half of the tables filled -- and hope that the company of your friends is enough to compensate. It still does for me after more half a decade.
The chips and salsa made my heart LITERALLY sing. Perfectly salty, crispy and indeed...bottomless. Served with heaping bowls of verde and red salsas that tasted fresher than fresh. Triangles of heavenly bliss chips. 

The rest, is a blur. So many chips. So much salsa. 

Oh, right...that salad with chicken lasted me TWO MEALS. Excellent as well. 

Indeed, I'll be back for that Blood Orange margarita (it was a bit early for me, but...). Holy hell, this place has got some goods. Go get 'em.
Much like spots like El Rey and Adobe Cafe, if I'm looking for for some authentic Mexican cuisine I'll go elsewhere. But the beauty of Cantina Los Cabalitos is that it gives you mucho mucho mas reasons to go and enjoy its atmosphere than any other not so traditional Mexican spot out there - like brunch on every day of the week, a destination spot for outdoor seating, and the best margaritas in Philadelphia.

Long before I enjoyed any meal here (aside from the addicting tableside chips and salsa) I've had at least one margarita to coordinate with each color of the rainbow. even jalapeno and the elusive black currant! whether you go frozen or on the rocks you get the perfect fruity blast of alcohol, and a damn good deal if you order by the pitcher with some friends. But if you're loco enough to enjoy you're tequila straight up, then you have mucho varieties to choose from and even a couple of flights.

Another serious plus to Cantina is that for a spot that's not completely authentic Mexican, its menu comes closer to hitting that mark than most of the other similar spots out there. I was able to chow down into that fact finally 
(still a slacker sometimes) at Yelp Brunch Club when I had an incredible plate of huevos rancheros with refried beans, flour tortillas, and chorizo for good measure. It was one of those dishes that just tasted epic in its simple execution, and it wasn't just the spicy Bloody Marys that I had along with it warming my taste buds!

Add in all of the above and you have the reasons why Cantina rises above you're typical destination bar, and delivers another winner for the Khyber crew.
I love their happy hour deal--the delicious margarita pitchers are half price.  that is, their usual 20-25 dollar- totally worth it- margs are half that.  Nice.  I'm a fan of happy hour in general, but if i can slip in here on a weeknight before 7 to get that deal, I'm even happier!  

Their Sunday brunch is also decent.
Solid three stars for food,  ambience and service.  I wasn't exactly overwhelmed with joyous feelings but not crazily disappointed either.  

My dining partner and I arrived at about 915pm on Memorial day Sunday. Honestly,  when he suggested this place, I kinda cringed because of the usual mess of a parking situation. But he assured me that most folks had done down the shore, there were plenty of spots and there were! Yay! No wasting a quarter tank of gas trying to find a parking spot in South Philly's super crowded streets. 

We wanted to dine outside, so we were told that there was a twenty minute wait.  We looked around a spotted millions of empty tables and they didn't seem short staffed, but um okay.  Snagged two seats at the bar and I tried a blood orange margarita on the rocks with salt. He had a mango margarita, no salt or sugar. Drum roll...... I was slightly disappointed. The taste was great, didn't really have much tequila and at $9 a pop I want some kick!  He said his drink was fine, but he really wasn't a drinker so what did he know? Lol. We got the your table is ready text, settled up the tab and sat our table.  

Sitting there having my margarita, I had some time to look around and take in the scenery.. This place is uber hipster-y. Is that a word?  :::shrugs::::.  Or should I say, the folks that frequent the restaurant. Anyway, the noise level here is LOUD.. Like I'm at a Naughty By Nature concert screaming "Hip Hop Hooray" loud.  It was annoying, that I practically lost my voice trying to talk to my date. Ugh. I would not bring someone here on a date ever again. Just can't hear the person. I know my server got tired of me saying HUH?!?. Somewhere outside was a dog howling. Behind us was a some college crowd of folks that clearly just turned 21 and having their first round of drinks.  Lots of screaming and yelling. My annoyance meter is creeping up slowly but surely. 

Anyway, the place is dim and dark.  Kinda sexy but the noise takes that down a notch. The patio is huge and can seat well over 20-25 tables easily without fear of the server dropping hot coffee on your head or bumping into the next table.  The chairs are not made for long time dining and sitting.  You eat,  drink and be gone.  Lol . Those chairs are metal. Metal and metal. 

Now,  onto the food.  Most of the menu is in Spanish I believe and to be honest I didn't understand some of it.  There were some English descriptive words though. I ordered the Cabrito dish which was some pulled goat dish . I'd never tried goat so why not? He ordered the enchiladas. Server brought out a warm bowl of chips and two glorious bowls of Verde and Rojo(a) salsa... Ohhhhhh baby, love at first sight. Both had a slight kick.. Nice! Me want more!!! 

Twenty minutes later and my plate arrives.. On one side, is the pulled goat with roasted garlic and a cucumber salad. On the other, was literally a SPOONFUL of white rice with what looked like a sprinkling of cilantro and refried beans.  My plate looked so damned empty,  I was sure that I was missing something. I'd think a "platter" at a Mexican restaurant woukd come with tortillas. So I asked another server if it came with tortillas and he gave a flat NO. But does offer to bring some out.  After six or seven minutes,  plate almost gone...comes my super warm tortillas.  They save my life and stomach because I knew I was going home hungry. 

The pulled goat was OK. The taste was flavorful but a bit tough and hard to chew.  Loved the refried beans.. Plain old white rice with cilantro, keep that away. Or at least give me enough to fill me up.  Sheesh,  a spoonful? Sweet Lord.. That wasn't enough to quiet that howling dog a few tables over.. 

At $17, I'd like more food.. Seriously, I was still hungry after leaving.  

Overall,  would I come back? Probably. For happy hour or any time they have a special. I don't think they serve your money's worth here.  And on any other day, pair bad parking with overpriced food and drinks, you'll probably be pissed .
After being away for nearly a year, it should tell you something that despite being in a new place that bleeds Mexican food, I hurried, nay, raced to Cantina Los Caballitos directly from the airport. 

Lured by the promise of a frozen blood orange margarita, bottomless chips and salsa, platanos machos and a very basic but very satisfying mixta salad, Cantina is to me what I am to most, a beacon of delicious indulgence.
I wanted to edit my Cantina review because they have really improved in the last year. They have new management, new staff and new food. I love the atmosphere in the bar area--it's friendly and not too loud to have a conversation. I usually end up having a beer or two and one special margarita. Most recently, I had a cherry margarita. It tasted like a cherry limeade--I'm definitely getting another one! 

Brunch is my preferred meal at Cantina. They always feature new specials and delicious Bloody Marys and Marias.

My favorite picks at Cantina?
-goat tacos or burrito
-plantains
-ensalada de nopal
-breakfast burrito with veggie sausage
-pastel de chocolate (chocolate mousse with a bit of hot chili)

If you want to get the most out of it, head to Cantina during a weekday or night--or for a late brunch (try between 2 and 4pm). It gets VERY crowded on weekend nights so plan ahead.
Rudest staff-truly do not understand how this restaurant could have staff who seem so annoyed with their customer... for giving them business! I'm surprised I wasn't asked to cook the food myself.
I have a pound of American cheese at home that I'd rather go home to then be treated like a plebe or bother to be at the restaurant. Just close- prime location for someone way better. Stop hiring hipsters who don't want to work.
I must admit, I don't really like the place. Their margaritas are so sweet it's pretty much just a recipe for a guaranteed hangover. Their mojitos used mint that seemed a little bit past its prime, I got a mouthfull of slimy mint and it was pretty disgusting.

Not to mention their sub-par burritos which are way overpriced, and then you have to pay extra for (standard) burrito fixings such as cheese, sour cream, or guac? 

Give me a break.
Great tequila- and the one waiter/bartender has a lot of knowledge about tequila.  The food is great- lots of veggie options.  Only bad thing is that it is often too loud to hear your dinner companions.
I just went back here for the first time in about a year because I needed somewhere reasonably close to my house where I could drink margaritas outside on a beautiful day. After spending several hours this Sunday on Cantina's sidewalk slurping on salty, tangy, refreshing margaritas (not to mention munching on empanadas and chips and salsa), I've got a newfound appreciation for the place. Not that I didn't like it before; I just like it better now (probably a whole star better). Maybe it's the outdoor seating. Maybe it's the cheap drinks. Maybe it's because they salt their chips as well as their margarita rims. Or maybe it was just the company. At any rate, I'll probably be lounging curbside at Cantina regularly this summer.
This place is pretty cute but having been here a few times its not that great. Some of the waitstaff is rude and on Friday nights the music is blaring and when you sit at the bar you have to get up and pay at the bar and you can never get the bartenders attention to pay. Its horrible. The menu needs to be expanded its too small and whats with the salsa? its so watery...cute atmosphere but not much else. :(
Authentic? Nope.  Delicious? Not even close. Rude staff? For sure. Terrible clientele? OMFG yes! 

This is the kind of place you go to be cool, not the kind of place you go to have a good meal. Food is mediocre and over priced. Service is slow and disorganized, not to mention rude as all hell. While I recognize that everyone's tastes are different, if someone tells you this place is great (or even good) they are kidding themselves.

To be fair, drinks are pretty good. Brunch is decent too. All in all, this place is a blight on the neighborhood. The owners have a few other places that are worlds better. Cantina has passed its prime, get some new staff, and truly revisit the food.
Was a quick stop to met a good friend on our trip to Philadelphia. 

This place ROCKS!!!!

From the atmosphere of the streets of Philadelphia, to the friendliness of the staff we had the pleasure of dining outside on the patio in perfect picture weather. 

We all ordered the 3 tacos. The one negative is they will not split the tacos up as in one beef, chicken, shrimp. If you order them it all has to be one style. So no problem! We all orders different ones and shared, problem solved with a group of 2 or more. 

The food was mouthwatering delicious. I love tacos and I would have to put this place at the top of the Taco Scale. Toppings however are a la carte. I believe the only toppings that come with are onion and lettuce. But .25 cents here and there wasn't too bad. Just wish they would include. The shrimp taco (size of a half a dollar ) where my favorite. The freshness of the meats, fish and chicken were on point. 

The chips and salsa where complimentary and the side of rice and beans were perfectly flavored and seasoned. 

A special shout out to our server Brewer for not rushing us and allowing old friends to reconnect for the 2 plus hours we sat there. Kudos for your hospitality and service. If I lived in Philly, this would be my go to spot!! Oh and there is ample amount of parking in the street , at least that day there was lol.
If I could give this place no stars I would. This is unreal, manager is so rude. She argued with me and my PARTY OF 15. Literally went back and forth with me and my friends over what she had to do to make us happy in a condescending manner. I am baffled. I will NEVER come here again or recommend this place to anyone. Within ten minutes of being here the customer service was ridiculous. Management, waitresses/waiters, all on different pages and customer has to pay the price both literally and figuratively.
I'd like to give this place 4 stars, and on some future visit, I might be able to. The food was yummy and plentiful - I ended up making three meals out of my entree. And they MANY more options for vegetarians/ vegans than most Mexican joints do. Sietan and tofu fajitas might not be "traditional" but its great to have a more choices than beans, beans, and cheese. I had a blood orange margarita, rocks, and it was delicious and thankfully not to sweet. 

The downsides? Well, everybody else has mentioned the prices, so I might as well, too. It's much more expensive than "traditional" though not all that much more expensive than most Tex-Mex chain style joints, and with better food, it's a balance for me. The hipster quotient (I know, I know, everyone hates them, but no one thinks they ARE one) was super-high at about 9pm on a Sunday night, loud, and, as I mentioned to the bf, a little to high many assholes in one place for me. The three annoying women next to us were having a "girls night out," or something, and loudly playing a game of "I never" while beating on the table. sigh. And the juke box was WAY TOO LOUD. 

I don't know how to get rid of all the assholes, but turning down the music, and maybe throwing a few more inventive details in to make the price go down smoother could raise this joint's rating.
I hate giving bad reviews. I'm one of those people that tries to see the good in everything, but this place was just begging me to tell the world about how crappy it is.

A friend of mine just recently moved to E Passyunk and M and I were visiting him. We were hungry and instead of relying on Yelp as I usually do, I gave into their idea of being "spontaneous". 

THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I DON'T RELY ON YELP:

We arrived here and were informed that we would have a 20 minute wait for outdoor seating. No big deal - we went to the bar for a drink in the meantime. I went outside the box and got a drink that I've never heard of before. Huge mistake. It was awful and tasted like cloves. Fail on my part. 

Eventually we were seated and after a 20 minute wait, our order was finally taken. We got nachos to share, I got mahi mahi tacos, my friend got empanadas and M got a chicken quesadilla and the tortilla salad. The nachos were okay -- nothing to write home about -- but my tacos were awful. The fish itself was fine (minimal, but fine) but the tortillas were disgusting. They were flour tortillas and they were gummy and fell apart in flakes. I couldn't bring myself to take more than one bite. 

My friend said his empanadas were okay and M said his salad was fine, but the chicken quesadilla looked like roadkill on tortillas. Again, I'm usually not that hard on restaurants, but this stuff looked terrible. I've added a picture for reference. 

The service was SLOOOOOOOWWWWWWW. The waitress was nice enough, but I felt like she was ignoring us for the majority of the time. 

This place probably isn't too bad if you're just going to be strictly drinking here, but if you can help it, don't eat here.
I loved the Cantina!  The atmosphere is so warm and cozy, and the staff and patrons were just as welcoming.  The service was fast and everything tasted great.  The menu features the tradition tex mex favorites, but the food is anything but ordinary.  I had the beef short rib chili, and it was better than heavvenn.

Will definitely come back.
My friends and I set out to meander through the Passyunk area and find a place to eat. It was an unusually warm pre-spring Friday afternoon and we saw loads of people seated outside and on the grassy area near this place. I find that if there's a lot of people there that look like they're having a good time, it is highly probable that I will also have a good time.

The wait was about an hour, but we took our drinks outside and set out chairs on the grass. Very chill and relaxing; noise level is loud enough so that other people can't hear your conversations.

I had to stick to veg that day, so I went with the quesadillas vegetariana (I feel like that is not actually a word...): wild mushrooms, loads of cheese and smoked corn cream, served with sour cream, tomatoes, and lettuce, natch. It was delicious! I only got a hint of the smoked corn cream, I wish they had put more. But very rich and quite filling for a vegetarian dish.

My friends ordered the chicken quesadillas (he was undecided), beef tacos (good), and mahi-mahi entree. They all agreed that the dishes are deceptively small, and we were feeling kind of sick at the end.

I think it's a great place to stop by with your friends if you're feeling a little festive. I hear the sangria and mojitos are good here too!
Eating outside on the street, al fresco, if you will... It looks perfectly lovely to sit outside the Cantina on a nice warm day with some chips & salsa, some margaritas, some beers.  It can be, but you know that scene gets super-busy and crowded. Like reeeally... and I just tend to get a little jumpy, constantly feeling like people on the street (um baba bee dah day) walking by are so close to grazing my person as they're trying to slip by.. The outdoor seating is the middle of the sidewalk. I've braved dodgin' rumps there before, alright! Only very slightly do I exaggerate.

The Cantina can be lotsa fun, muy divertido for real...but again, a big ol packed scene. Inside is appropriately cantina-esque with twinkly strings of lights.

 I do agree with others who have griped that while by the glass the margaritas are delicious, sometimes by the pitcher they seem overloaded with ice. Not always, but it happens.

Do dig the flights of tequila and dig the michelada too. Do believe I'll be back this Summer, inevitably.
I have lived in EPA for 6 years. I have never been to Cantina, possibly because I never felt cool enough and also because I don't drink. But when my date needed a burrito STAT, he said "the closest. Point me in the direction of the closest burrito and negro modelo." So we ended up there. 
Menu is super, prices are good, and I was able to get just a plate of plain grilled seitan, which was exactly what I wanted. Delicious. The salsas made me crazy trying to figure out how I could replicate them. Even the coffee was good, atypical for a restaurant that doesn't focus on coffee. 
          Service was good, and ability to speak and listen while I was on my date, not a problem. I really dig this spot. Solid.
Very respectable brunch destination in East Passyunk. My dining companion had raved about this location for their excellent take on eggs benedict, so naturally, we had to make a weekend trip. Customary to most Mexican spots, we were immediately greeted with a basket of tortilla chips, paired with two homemade salsas (verde and rojo). The salsa verde in particular held a subtle spice and lingering flavor. I couldn't stop scooping.

As far as the main attraction, the Mexican-influenced benedict did not disappoint. I loved the jalapeno cornbread base and the chipotle hollandaise sauce drizzled on top. The poached eggs weren't too set (always a concern) and the breakfast potatoes were crisp and colorful. Well done, Cantina!
my 1st time. even tho EVERYONE i know has been here a million times. was walking from work and it started to pour. my friend and i ducked in. it was crowed with lots of dudes. the girl behind the bar was weeded, but handlin' her business.
i normally dont go to places where i dont know any staff.  the reason is killing 2 birds with one stone, or 3? 
i want to have a good time
i want to throw a "play" to friends
and i dont want to wait for a drink. 
so when i saw this girl waiting on everyone. i thought to myself... "maybe standing in the rain is better"
but then she looked at us, told me she'll be right with me. and everything was good. 
should have gotten her name. but she has short blond hair, and calls everyone 'sweetheart". all we wanted was to sit, after a long, successful day. get a drink. and keep dry. thanks for making it exactly what we needed!
decor was cheesy cute. total pirate ship. (at least this night). and noisy. but we were the only people in the room.
This place was actually very good. My friend just recently moved to South Philly, and I was surprised to find such a relatively upscale place in the area. I had some suckling pig with a fruit salsa. The waiter said it's one of the best things on the menu. I have never been there before October 7th, 2007, but I can't imagine a whole lot of dishes being better than this.

I'm sure there's a lot of great little places in the area, but if you're looking for just a decent place to get pseudo Mexican, you're probably not gunna go wrong with this place.
We were these just last night, and seated outside.  We had an awesome server named Avalon, (even though I called her Avon, can you believe it?). She was so busy I couldn't figure how she managed to keep everything straight.  

Our food was great!  Hot, and plenty of it at a reasonable price.  
We will definitely be going back to this great South Phila gathering place.
The food is passable Mexican food. It's good, but not the best in the city. The only thing I actually crave from there or really ever rave about is guacamole (but I put guac on just about everything, so that might just be me).

What's both a plus (as a 20 year old) and a minus for me is they don't card. Like obnoxiously don't card, so I feel like whenever I'm there I'm surrounded by teenagers sipping on margaritas, being loud and obnoxious.

Overall? It's okay. Good if you happen to be in the Passyunk Square area, but not really worth going out of your way for.
It's Chi-Chis for hipsters.  That's fine in my book.  Mexican food with a "gastro" twist, a good jukebox, fine beer list, and fair prices.  

Food has been off on some nights, but when it's good, it's very good.  I highly recommend the wings; they are large, juicy, and GRILLED.  The char flavor is amazing.  In general, ordering off the specials board is the way to go.  Brunch is also very good here, and there is no wait most of the time.

A bit dark and loud, but I like it anyway.  A fun place to go with friends.
I know many people have given this place top rating but I disagree with such. 
 
For a Mexican restaurant or Mexican fusion the food was very blended and not even the hot sauce added taste to it .  The rice tasted like it was frozen and microwave.  I grew up in a country were rice is eaten almost in every meal and a 5 year old could prob cook a better rice.  Very disappointed.

The $9 margaritas were to my opinion the worst margarita I have ever had, I could even taste a bit of tequila.  The salt on the rim of the glass was just plain old table salt.  Jose cuervo bottle margarita mix is better than Los Caballitos margaritas.  

When I saw the name Los Caballitos I thought that I would see at least a Mexican server but was amazed that our server couldn't even pronounce what was on the menu.  I was attempting to have a conversation with my girlfriend but I could not even hear myself talk due to the outrageously loud music.  

I'm sure that this place has a following and will not agree with this review but I truly will not and would never recommended this place to anyone as I think that close to authentic or authentic fusion Mexican.  

VERY DISAPPOINTED!
A waitress here told me the blended margaritas have the highest alcohol content. She's right.

If you get the waiter with hard nipples (he's a he) just leave, you will get nowhere due to his sloth-like tendencies.
From the outside Cantina, with its adobe-esque walls and bright orange paintjob, looks like it will be a pinnacle of trendiness. Unfortunately it fails to deliver once you step inside, instead simply serving up a heaping portion of mediocrity. It seems entirely satisfied with catering to the beer hungry college crowd and cigarette smoking tattooed hipsters who want a place to sit around looking self-important.

My partner and I swung in yesterday afternoon for a reasonably priced meal. I'm not going to lie and say the food wasn't tasty; it was tasty food. It was really EXACTLY what I was looking for, because I had been bitching all morning that I was dying for a salad with grilled chicken.

We both ordered the tortilla salad with grilled chicken and I ordered a side of yuca puree. The major disappointment with the salad was that it was tiny. It was essentially a side salad, and it didn't appear that there were any option for a salad entree. To be fair, the waiter warned us because I asked if they could substitute the black beans with extra tomato and he said no because it was so small to begin with ;)

It was, however, tasty, and for the $2.00 add-on it was a pretty freakin' huge amount of chicken! I also found the salsa and salsa verde that were served very good, though I prefer my salsas to be mild and the complaint here seems to be that they aren't spicy enough.

What I didn't like was the sort of ongoing air of hipster superiority that the staff has. Here's a tip to the managers of Cantina: you can have a bunch of funky servers in their 20's with tattoos, piercings and feauxhawks without treating everyone like crap! At one point our server had another person bring out my tea refill and I got a mouthfull of what I thought was dissolved coffeegrounds. They CLAIMED they accidentally brought me iced coffee, but...let's just say that I actually wondered if they did it on purpose to screw with me because they had such bad attitudes to begin with.

So the bottom line for us was - tasty food at a reasonable price but an atmosphere so unpleasant that we probably won't head back.

BTW: our total meal: 2 Tortilla salads (small!,) 1 side of mashed yuca and 1 ice tea for $21.40 including tax.
In my opinion, the Cantina has one of the best happy hours in town, especially when the weather is warm and sunny. If you don't get a seat in front of the restaurant to order a refreshing pitcher of margaritas, you can still enjoy the chill, relaxing atmosphere inside because when the weather is nice, the staff leaves the front doors open. The Cantina is one of the only reasons why I enjoy summer.
I recommend getting any of the salads, especially the Caesar.  As far as tacos go the chicken, tilapia, and mahi-mahi are the way to go. Also, their grilled corn is the only way I want to eat corn for the rest of my life.
I love the Cantina with all my heart.  Quite often you can watch me experience the deadly sin of gluttony when I sit down to eat here. 

The frozen margaritas are so good they've caused me to go almost blind on several occasions.  The food and the vegetarian options are simply divine.  My favorite is the vegan beef nachos, the seitan and tofu fajitas (be prepared to doggie bag it or share with a friend!) and the mushroom and cheese quesadillas.  I've never had something I didn't like here and I usually try something new every time.   Soup, salad, entree, specials, margaritas, salsa verde, even the dessert, put it in my belly.
If possible I'd give negative stars. Wings stink, people stink, margaritas taste like fake sugar, the whole building smells like rotting carcasses, probably because majority of the people who frequent there rarely bathe. The waitresses armpit hair fell in to my guacamole.
Pros: South Philly/ East Passayunk Square location; Decor; Accepts credit cards, outdoor seating, Frozequis, wonderful bartenders, lots of babies to make faces at
Cons: Inauthentic Mexican food; Hi noise levels regardless of congestion; prices; variable food quality, stroller derby in the warm months clogs the aisles

[Update: 11/14/2015
I just can't quit you, Cantina. I'll keep this brief:
Order a frozequis. And the ribs and plantain. And then another frozequis. DONE. Expect salt.

[Update: 1/21/11]
I really wish there was a half-star increment, because the Cantina's 'frozequis' could get this place to 3.5 stars on its own. Half frozen marg, half Dos Equis draft, all FrOMG™. This is the reality that (I imagine) tequila-flavored beers pretend to simulate. I could (and do) drink these all day. Oh yeah, I rode by here last Cinco de Mayo or thereabouts and saw a hipster brawl outside! Full-on emo fisticuffs... so surreal. Tequila will do that to you...

[Update: 10/14/07]
I am bumping these guys up to 3 stars, because I continue to patronize their establishment, and their quesadilla suizas are pretty good. Still overpriced, but they have a good tequila selection. It really is just The Royal serving Mexican food. C'est la vie. 

[Update: 12/14/06]
Against my better judgment, I've been dragged back to the Cantina twice since my original glowing review. They seem to have indeed wisened up, with some minor changes to the menu and reduced  music volume. I'm not changing my rating, because it's still overpriced and the soundtrack remains too cool for skool. They've even co-opted the 'shot & pbr' gimmick from...everywhere, with a $4 deal that nets you a shot of low-shelf sauza and a 12oz can of Tecate. I don't really understand why they would front on a value cocktail when everything else costs as much as it does ($9 for a so-so chicken quesadilla). But hey, this place is all about fronting. The passion fruit aguas frescas was pretty good though.

[Original post: 9/16/06]
First off, let me say that I'm not a hater. I really appreciate that the Royal Tavern (which I dig a lot) folks are branching out and providing Mexican fare in South Philly. 
Ok, now that I've gotten warm and fuzzy, let me vent on the 'Cantina'. My wife and I went there tonight for dinner, and were pleasantly surprised to find it not overrun with hipsters. We got there around 8:15 and were seated immediately. The decor is simple but way above standard Taqueria level, with nice tables and chairs, candles and a distinct absence of cheese. However, this is a Mexican restaurant run by gringos for gringos, so the pleasing appearance is actually quite shallow. My seat was located near the door, and bobbed up and down every time someone walked past. 2 demerits.
The next thing I noticed was the music. If you frequent the Royal Tavern, the Cantina's sister-establishment, you're familiar with the indie staples that you'll hear once again at the Cantina. It's not that I don't like Built to Spill, but how about something with more...Latin flavor? We were positioned right under a down-firing ceiling speaker, and felt absolutely punished by some gratuitously long and shrieking nouveau-psych-rock jam guitar solos. Conversation was not only difficult, it felt like it ran counter to the vibe they are after.
We flagged a waiter and asked if he could turn our speaker down. He agreed that it was too loud but management dictated that it stay at that level. I asked if there was someone I could complain to, and he said that there was no manager onsite, but he could give me a phone number I could call. What the F is this? They want $30 for a pitcher of fruit-flavored margs but can't take responsibility for the deafening music? Unacceptable. If the place were crowded, maaaaybe the music should be that loud, but there were a lot of empty tables and no rowdy groups. I'm just sayin', that considering the circumstances, we felt insulted to have to go deaf over dinner.
Oh, the food, right. It was ok. The guac was tasty but there was too much for two people, and the empanadas and chicken nachos were alright. It was hard to appreciate them because they are overpriced, and those high prices chased me away from the very short list of entrees. This is the type of restaurant I ate at A LOT in San Francisco, which supposedly has a higher cost of living, and the Cantina managed to outprice my SF haunts across the board. Our pitcher of lime margaritas ran $24 and SUCKED. If you like marg mixer and heartburn, get busy with one of these. The two of us killed a pitcher and left stone cold sober. UNACCEPTABLE. 

The Cantina needs to wake up and smell the hipsters aging: Lower prices, manage the environment better and put more booze in the drinks. I have no plan to return to this restaurant.
This place is great! The food and drinks are good, the servers are friendly, and  it's decorated well. My friends and I shared a pitcher of Endless Summer. It has jalapenos and cucumbers in it, which create a really interesting taste - cool at first and then burns in a good way. I was glad that they were really generous with their portions, even with the complimentary chips, salsa, and guacamole. I ordered pork tacos and everyone else got burritos, which are as big as your head. None of us could finish our meals because they were so big.

The inside had booths (I love me some booths) and tables decorated with candles. There were Christmas lights hanging from the ceiling and cool pictures and posters on the walls. One bathroom had a painting of a topless mermaid on the door, while the other one had a chalkboard with a game of "Never have I ever" on it. We had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated on a Friday night. I'm not sure if they take reservations.

I hope to go back to grab a table outside, try their other drinks and maybe someday even finish a burrito in one sitting!
I thought I was going somewhere new but it is the same exact place as Dos Segundos in Northern Liberties for anyone familiar. 

Music is WAY TOO loud here. Do not go here with someone you've just met because you will not be able to hear him/her..AT ALL. 

The bar patrons are complete aisle snobs. They will not move. Why place the bar in a way such that the main walkways to tables are tightly fit between it and the wall...no room to move around here despite heavy patron traffic. I just want to punch some of the people here that see people trying to exit and refuse to move. 

Hard to even get to the food with the other things bringing this place down.

Alright so for $10 you get a pretty mean burrito in size. The quality is ok but the size makes it pretty great. You can actually hold this burrito too without it falling apart. Or you can make it stand and dip your face into it. It is a marvelous site. So it is pretty decent but god you can't hear anything, see much of anything, or move around at all.
I have mixed reactions about this place. On the one hand, I knew it wasn't a traditional Mexican restaurant. On the other hand, this place felt like more of an upscale eatery than anything else. But I digress.

The two salsa that they gave us were both very tasty. The red/brown one reminded me a lot of the one I loved at Tejas Grill. The chips were fairly decent, not too greasy, not too dense/hard. I ordered the barbecue beef tacos. They were very flavorful. The meat was good and the barbecue sauce was tangy and flavorful. It might have even had some smoke flavor, but seeing as I was about 3 sheets to the wind, that part is a little shall we say, hazy. I was a little irritated that each taco came with three wrappers/tortillas. There really wasn't that much filling to justify it. 

The margaritas that people have raved about, well one pitcher was good and the pomegranate was godawful sweet. When I say sweet, it was like someone decided to add 3 times the normal sugar, just like you'd do as a kid when you were making the kool-aid.

Service wasn't bad, and the waitress was accommodating when I asked for a separate check(My rule of thumb when there's a large group, always ask for a separate check. That way you don't get stuck paying for some slacker(s)).

The price, well 12.95 for three medium sized tacos, yeah that's a bit steep. They were good tacos, but you know, I can go to Jose's and get 3 tacos for at least 4 bucks less. 

I might go back again if I"m with a group like I was. I don't think I'd ever go there just for a meal. There are too many other good places that cost less and have quieter atmospheres.
I ended up at Cantina for a birthday dinner with friends. We were told we could not be seated until our whole party arrived (annoying) so we ended up waiting a bit for a table.  At this point I was starving and a big crabby as a result of my hunger pangs. Luckily this place has Free Chips and Salsa and they do a great job of bringing re-fills of chips and salsa. Unfortunately that's the best part about this place... it's somewhat necessary to fill up on chips and salsa because the service is absolutely horrible.

Four different people helped us with drink orders, food orders, served us the food, got us refills, and brought our check. I hate not knowing who our actual server is and it annoys me when no one wants to help us because they're not "our" server. The staff was rude and really did not look like they knew what they were doing. The food took forever to arrive and it was a steady, but not crazy, Thursday evening. 

The food was average. The burritos could feed a family of 4 and the nachos are huge as well. I recommend splitting stuff here as the portions are huge (especially after you fill up on chips and salsa and margaritas).

I wouldn't recommend this place and will be sticking with my usual Mexican spot.
I was in south Philly about 2 years ago getting a friend's moped fixed. This was right after I had moved to Philly, so I asked where some good Mexican places were. He suggested we try Cantina since we were vegan/vegetarian. I have yet to find a vegan taco that is more delicious!

They have a surprising amount of vegan/vegetarian options on every part of their menu. They seem to change their menu quite a bit too, so I have rarely had the same thing twice (which is wonderful). They also have a good selection of delicious vegan deserts that aren't the standard overly-iced, disgustingly sweet cakes you would normally find. Oh, and their drinks are superb enough to make you want to dance with maracas to the well-stocked jukebox.

Unfortunately, I am convinced that vampires own this place. The only light comes from small candles sitting on the walls, so seeing your food in all it's glory is not an option. While the jukebox is pretty kick ass, it is also way too loud. So loud that I couldn't even hear the drunken screams of the women at the table next to me (which could be a plus, but still really loud). Because this place is always busy, service can be pretty slow. I usually go into a food induced, light deprived coma before my check arrives. Also, I know it may matter to some people, this place definitely draws a certain crowd.

The jukebox turned up to 11 and the lighting are definitely something you can easily adapt to. The food is worth making the trip. I leave so full every time that I am seriously forced to waddle out of the door.
Arriba!
short and sweet review.

i thought the food was excellent and they have a decent amount of vegetarian options and also thought the service was excellent.  i notice a lot of reviews complaining about the service seem to be from when the place first opened?  i went tonight for the first time so no problem here and i will definitely go back.
I suppose I must be lucky compared to other reviewers, because every time i come here, I leave happy and (too) stuffed.  It's also the place I usually bring my out-of-towners when making a jaunt down to South Philly and we want a little bit more atmosphere.

Favorites: the salsas (traditional style - obviously those who think they are "watery" are used to the Ortega brand of salsa), the burritos, and the vegetarian fajitas, made with tofu and seitan chicken.  I've shared the fajitas with my veg friends and they are absolutely incredible, every time.  

Happy hour is definitely one of the Cantina's greatest assets.  From 5-7 on weekdays, they offer $2 margaritas and $10 margarita pitchers.  beers are also reduced in price.  And of course there's the cantina special - Tecate with a shot of Cuervo, which I also believe is $3.  So if you're looking to get good and drunk early, happy hour is yr ticket.

Never had a problem with service, though one should expect no-frills  from a hipster-established and oriented bar (owned by the same people who brought you the Khyber and the Royal Tavern).  It's not entirely traditional (see: Veracruzana and El Zarape for that) but it's just right.
1. Awesome jukebox selections.

2. Slow, but not unbearably slow, service works to diners' advantage when you're more into hanging out with your friends than you are hungry. 

3. Large order of nachos is enough to feed a family of 10. Get the small.

The food here is pretty awesome American-Mex. Lots of fresh ingredients,  flavorful and comforting all at once. This is what Taco Chulo (Brooklyn) should aspire to.  

I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.
It is all in the timing. Sometimes the service has been slow/off, other times it is great It doesn't matter if it is a weekday afternoon or a Saturday night. Even the quality of the Margarita's can be inconsistent (depends on the bartender?)

Complimentary tortilla chips and two bowls of salsa (a tomatillo and a red), always good.

Service: On our most recent visit, the service was great (shout-out to our server, Holly). 

Drinks: The Margarita's are fantastic. The Pineapple Marg on-the-rocks with salt was excellent. So was the Blood Orange, on-the-rocks, no salt.

Food: The Quesadilla was flavorless and boring, will not get again. The nachos (small size) with steak was very good. The steak (skirt or flank?) was very tasty. The pork tacos was excellent, generous portions. I have to always add Guac, sour cream and pico de gallo because it is a delicious symphony (they charge extra)

Pricing: Reasonable, on-par with other Mexican joints in the city.

This continues to be part of our rotation.
Plentiful outdoor seating certainly earns Cantina Los Caballitos a bump up in the rating department.  Their ability to make a classic margarita didn't hurt either!

What else can I say?  This review is based on pitchers of margarita, chips and dip, and nachos.  They did no wrong on any of these offerings and have earned a spot on my return to enjoy some real food list.  Expect another review (or two) from me for Cantina Los Caballitos!
My first visit to Cantina was pretty good a few years ago.  The food was good, the staff was friendly, and the drinks were great.  Unfortunately every subsequent visit got worse and worse and we just stopped going there.
I will admit that the food is pretty good, not great, but good.  The drinks used to be good, but now they seemed watered down and pretty boring.  Sitting outside on a warm evening is nice, too.
All that said, the atmosphere went from nice to absolutely unbearable.  The staff is curt and snobby, the patrons are mostly hipsters or worse yet, hipster wannabes, and the service is achingly slow.  
It's really a shame.  I liked the convenience and I liked the outdoor seating and sometimes I really just wanted a margarita.  None of those things are powerful enough to make me muster up the energy to tolerate the "ambiance."
I will never go back.
First, I have to say THE FOOD IS ALRIGHT. NOTHING GREAT. 
I am not sure why in the world they use PLAIN WHITE RICE in everything. I am half mexican. My father and his side are all full blood. I grew up eating authentic mexican foods. Now, I am not saying that they have to stick to being completely authentic, mexican-american can be just as good BUT WHITE RICE. Come on. That is weak. 

Now, you might be wondering why I gave the cantina 4 stars, that is because of their DELICIOUS SANGRIA and MARGARITAS. I LOVE THE SANGRIA SO MUCH THAT I KEEP GOING BACK. 

Story short, come to my house for real mexican and go to the cantina for drinks ;)

By the way, The Royal Tavern has fantastic food but their sangria sucks. Both restaurants are owned by the same people. Can someone explain this to me?
i went to Cantina the day they opened.  i've gone back there a bazillion times since then because two of my best friends live across the street.  we run back and forth from there like giddy school children.  in fact, those two friends just had a child, and we're trying to convince them to see if the baby monitor will reach over there.  uh...yeah. don't judge.

we, giddy children, get even giddier after half-priced pitchers of margaritas during Cantina's sweet happy hour.  it really has one of the best, i think.  free tortilla chips with a salsa verde that outshines Trader Joes' salsa verde (which i LOVE).  i pound these chips and the margaritas while i'm there and then don't know what hits me.  this really does remind me of being a child.... when i would eat way too much pizza and soda.
Yesterday I visited here and when I left I needed to update my Top Ten list of great bars of all time!  The atmosphere here is just the way I like it.  I felt like I just strolled into a bar in Tijuana.  It has a great dive bar feel.  The furniture and décor is slightly beat up.  The crowd was incredibly eclectic.  We had men, women, young, old, blue and white collar, tats and polo shirts and even a tie or two all mixed together.  

Whenever I visit a new Mexican joint I order a house margarita.  This one was served in a heavy glass cup and was perfect for $4.50.  Of course I was sipping on it while munching on the complimentary chips with two salsas.

As I perused the menu I spotted chorizo tacos. Chorizo is one of my favorite foods.  It's made in several countries with different spices and even different meats but the Mexican version is my favorite.  The guy that invented it should be made a saint.  That way I could wear a cool little medal around my neck.  I can see in now; Miguel XXX, the Patron Saint of Chorizo.  Anyway the chorizo tacos arrived.  Three warm doubled soft tortillas stuffed with meat, onion, and cilantro.  I could have added extra toppings for 50 cents or so each.  They were spicy and near perfect.  Easily some of the best tacos I have ever consumed.

So I had great tacos and a strong margarita in a great atmosphere.  Oh, the bartender was just fine.  I visit here again in a heartbeat!
A great place in south phil for drinks and dinner.  A reasonably priced by well thought out Mexican joint in a super cool neighborhood.  

First the drinks!  An impressive selection of Tequila for sipping and mixing. Good margarita mix (although not comparable to Lolita's).  Tasty Flavors and a great Classic Marg. And they have a killer deal for Happy Hour (4-6): Half Priced Classic Margaritas (Rocks or Frozen).  

Next the food.  Great Guacamole!  Really great! Follow that up with a killer burrito and you have won my stomach.  They also have some amazing soups and multiple awesome specials.  This place is also winner for the Veg. crowd. Like its little sister (Dos Segundo) and big bro (Royal Tavern), loads of options for Vegetarians and Vegans.  Have never gone wrong at this place!
The good:

-The chips are great
-When they have good specials it's generally good


The bad:

-Overall shit service, have no clue what everyone else is talking about, their staff is slow as shit.
-Too fucking loud, way too many drunk losers.
-Overpriced as hell, yeah I really wanna pay like $9 for a black bean burrito with guac that isn't much different that something I'd get at a chain.
I feel lukewarm about the Cantina, although I visit it frequently. I usually just go for drinking. And they have $5 nachos that will fill you up if you're really hungry. But I also don't really like sitting inside, and the last time I sat outside, we, the patrons, were harrassed- first by kids in a car who actually screamed "ANAL SACK" out the window, and then by a mysterious bout of egg-launching in the outdoor seating area. Although I found both instances to be rather funny, it spoke true of the Cantina. Is there a reason people drive by yelling expletives? Or throw eggs at the place?

That said, I have enjoyed myself here on plenty of occasions. How could I not, if I just want some Tecate and a plate of nachos? But sometimes the service is spotty or it takes too long for a server to reapproach the table and I remember why I feel lukewarm about the Cantina. I agree that it's a bit overpriced ($30 pitchers of margaritas?!) 

Not to mention, my roommate found a roach in his leftover steak burrito. Gross.
I have always been happy with the Cantina.

The food is always good.  Not authentic nor a large menu but good and reasonably priced.

The drinks are great.  An excellent beer selection and each and every mixed drink with made with real fruit juice.  

Also, the servers may look intimidating, but are always friendly.

The only negative is noise level.
I have had two meals here and I would consider both to be very unbalanced toward the low end (i.e. overly meaty and dull). A very heavy handed approach to Mexican food - it is as if Cantina is catering toward the Irish.

I applaud them for serving goat but the goat I was served let me know I had eaten him for the next two days. He was so damn gamy.

The next time I had the mole turkey. I received at least four pounds of turkey on a plate. The mole sauce was not particularly distinguishable as mole. I had to douse the bird in tobasco to get anything going on the top end. Once again I commend them for deviating from the standard chicken/beef/pork but I'm not sure they capitalized on the risk.

The drinks are fine. I think the service is decent. This place is very noisy, try to get outside seating if possible.
Well, I'd say this is more than long overdue....

Living just a block away, it's no wonder that 1/5 of my weeks meals are consumed at the Cantina.  Having religiously dined here every Friday night for going on a year, I can tell you first hand this is definitely the best local spot to unwind after the weekly 9-5 grind. 

We always ALWAYS order the Grande Nachos with Vegan Beef--even though none of us are Vegan.  It's simply delicious.  And ideal for sharing. We also always enjoy at least one (let's be honest....it's more like two) pitcher(s) of margaritas, always frozen, and usually fruity (strawberry, blackberry, raspberry, etc. and ask for sugar for the rim!) The complimentary green salsa and chips is so good it's actually making my mouth water right now thinking about it....I also recommend the Mexican Hot Dog, Guacamole with Bacon, and Chicken Quesadilla. Delish.

Whether for Sunday brunch, dinner any night of the week, or a late night snack, the Cantina always delivers. Perfect for groups, ample outdoor seating, witty staff, and stiff drinks--this is definitely my top choice of places in the area.
I haven't been to the South Philly location in awhile, but my cousin was visiting from Australia so we popped in for dinner and some cocktails.  We went early (6 pm) because it is Valentine's Day and I was expecting a mob.  It actually wasn't too busy, and we were seated immediately.  Our service was excellent and attentive.  The food and drinks were superb.

I started with the plantains appetizer, which was caramelized perfectly and had just the right amount of crema and cheese on top.  I was just about finished eating this when the entrees came out.  My cousin had the enchilada platter which he completely wolfed down.  I had the carnitas burrito, and i put the remaining plantains on top as I was eating it.  It was huge and I have leftovers!

We both had a few mojitos, my favorite is always the guava.  I also tried the spicy pear, but that tasted just like a regular mojito, and there was nothing spicy about it.  Overall I was quite pleased with our meal.
I'm going to just get right to the point and admit that I only come here for the margaritas. Otherwise, I'm just really not the biggest fan of any aspect of this place. 

The Cantina (both of them, for the matter) was probably made with hipsters in mind. The decor, while pretty, is trying really hard to be retro and kitschy. Indie rock of past and present is also continually blared slightly too loud from their sound system, although there is an ironic Michael Jackson or Madonna tune thrown in for kicks. Even the wait staff looks like an American Apparel ad came to life. With all those bright colors and skinny, pretty people, it's no wonder this place is constantly busy. Because seriously, I really can't find many other reasons why. 

First of all, the service sucks. It's probably some of the worst I've ever seen in the city. I've been there for lunch on several occasions when it's dead and it STILL takes like 10 minutes for your drink order to be taken. I don't know where the servers disappear to (the bathroom to check their elegantly disheveled hair?), but when a place is dead there is no reason why anyone should wait that long. The food generally takes awhile to come out too, which sucks because I end up munching on the mediocre chips and salsa that they give out and lose my appetite. 

Their brunch can be good, and the mahi mahi tacos are the only thing I really like on the menu. It's nice that they have a lot of vegan and vegetarian options, but they usually aren't done well. Everything is either bland, greasy, or covered in a sauce that ends up taking the focus off the main part of the dish. Also, while I GUESS the burritos are alright, they charge for extras that any real Mexican place would include for free anyway. I understand this is a business, but seriously? The owners own the Royal Tavern, the NoLibs Cantina, and I think are involved with the Khyber somehow. You don't need any more money. You're probably rich as it is. 

But god damn, I do love those pitchers of frozen strawberry margaritas. Hands down my favorite in the city.
Do you have an unhealthy love for pulled pork? Do you seek deliciousness in the form of margaritas? If you said yes to one or all of these then this is the place for you!

This has such a chill atmosphere, especially in the summer, where you can sit out on the patio and take in the city or sit inside and listen to some good jams. I am a sucker for anything pulled pork/carnitas and their carnitas burrito is simply amazing! Pair that with a blood orange margarita and you have yourself a wonderful evening that will surely end with your tummy full and full of food happiness!

Another thing that I love about this place is their great beer selections on and off tap. They always have a broad and VERY tantalizing craft beer list. I have always found some that I have loved when beer was on the brain! If that wasn't enough to pull your food heart strings, their food selection is always changing and always full of delectible choices for all of your eating needs, and the wait staff is so helpful, knows some serious food stuffs, and can guide you into a food coma. Yup, you need to come here and be happy!
This place is kind of hit or miss, isn't it?

Akin to my "meh" review of Cantina Dos Segundos, this place is pretty similar. I'd have to say that sometimes, the dishes are absolutely amazing and the food is quite good. I've even craved for their food on occasion. Their selection of margarita and mojito flavors is definitely enough to keep things interesting but can't exactly pinpoint what doesn't make me crazy about this place, or both for that matter.

The atmosphere gets sucky sometimes, overcrowded. The outdoor seating is nice and has less foot traffic than the newer NoLibs location, which is good.

I prefer brunch over dinner, but honestly there's nothing that makes me want to really be a regular at this/these place(s).

Sidenote: I know of a few people who definitely claim that they've gotten sick from the food here, specifically. I personally have never had a problem.
LOVED IT! Had a blast here last Saturday night. Fun, colorful decor. Tasty margaritas (preferred the classic to the blood orange, though -- latter was too sweet for me). Delicious chips and salsas ready to go when you sit down. Amazing burrito the size of a small child. Yummy tacos (I had the chicken and a friend had the brisket tacos on special - his were particularly delicious). And oh the platanos machos! sweet perfection. Good times, indeed.
I like Cantina Los Caballitos.  However, the last couple of times I have gone it has been disappointing.   I really enjoy the food and the margaritas....that being said, the service is seriously lacking.  The last couple of times we have gone, they have gotten something in our order wrong (which I mainly blame on the fact that none of the servers actually write down the orders).  Not only that, the one time they brought everything at once..appetizers and entrees, which is a total pet peeve of mine.  The past time we went, they messed up our appetizer order and we had to send it back and in the meantime our entrees came out and then they messed up the appetizer the second time, so we just canceled it.  

I understand they get pretty busy, but they need to just pull the service together a little bit more.  

I will definitely give them one more try for dinner....but if they blow it again it may just become a spot for Happy Hour and then on to dinner somewhere else...
Was I (extremely mildly) peer pressured into sharing a pitcher of blood orange margaritas? Yes. Was it good? DEFINITELY.

I've had my eye on trying this place out for a long time. A visit on a Saturday afternoon was rewarded by a lull in the tortilla-obsessed crowds that barrage this place, and we had a lovely time. Great service, good food, tasty, tasty margaritas. 

The vegan options are there, but limited. I did however really enjoy their take on vegan beef. It was more like sloppy joe in texture, but refreshing when I was expecting some low-effort seitan. And giving me 3 lime wedges for 3 tacos? Loved it, you clever little buggers. It was a good amount of food for a hungry late lunch-er, and the salsas were delicious. The prices are a bit steep, but it was worth the visit. Not sure if I'll brave it when the crowds are there.
Mark is the best bartender server ever. The margs rival el vez but at w lower price point. The nachos are so good. I highly recommend it. Also love the tacos. But as I said they're margs are the best!! Ask Marc to make them. For your. Your won't be disappointed
Went for happy hour which unfortunately ended earlier that we thought, 4-6pm. It's hard to get any happy hour info on their website. Drink specials sucked. Drinks bought on regular menu were horrible. A michelada was one of the worst I ever had. Their margaritas tasted good, but when I wanted to use don julio or patron instead of the house vodka, they wanted $18 for a glass, which is robbery. If a saving grace was the food, could have given more stars, but I was simply not impressed. Everything was just ok. Only thing I really liked was the plantains. The 2 stars for location, nice outdoor area and nice servers.
One of my fav mexican joints with great outdoor seating. And a lot of beards. And beers. 

My usual/recommendation:
Steak caesar salad
Chorizo burrito
Blood orange margarita(s)

Side note:
I'm not a salsa girl and usually just eat plain chips. Cantina has awesome verde sauce. That shit is banging. I put it on everything. I bogart the little salsa dish. I contemplate bringing a tupperware to pour the leftovers into.

The Cantina provides great people watching too. I esp enjoy the stout spark plug of a man that works the bar. He's one of those good looking guys that knows how good looking he is and looks at you like, "yeah look at my pecs, you like that?" Yes. Yes I do.
Horrible. Too loud. Drunk idiots. Poor food. Neglectful service.
Ahhhh cantina... The land of delicious food and drink, and the worst service philadelphia has to offer. South Philly 'attitude' is expected at some Places... But this place is ridiculous. 

We waited 20 minutes to be seated, not that busy, and the hostess rudely asks 'if she can help us.' We obviously reply table for two and say we've been waiting in an averagely filled restaurant for 20 minutes. Her response was some horribly rude excuse about speaking to her manager. 

Once again delicious food here, but the wait staff and front of the house management (or pure LACK thereof) certainly leaves room to be desired.
This is where you go for amazing Margaritas, great food and laid back atmosphere. The best part of all is the Tres Leches cake! Literally melt in your mouth, sweet and fantastic. We ended up ordering 3 because the first 2 went so fast. I also liked the creme brulee and for chocolate lovers definitely try the brownie cake!

O, they also have food. Awesome Mexican food. Everything is savory, cheesey, and delicious. The guac is also fantastic, with the perfectly accompanied salty tortilla chips.

In summary, come here with friends for Margaritas (1+ pitchers), chips & guac, some sort of entree, and top it off with Tres Leches cake.

Enjoy!
The Cantina is one of the more popular places in Passyunk Square. It has a hipster atmosphere to it and has a nice outside seating area for days with nice weather. On the inside is a little darker, nice for dinner but not for late night drinking as the atmosphere makes you more tired. They have many different flavored margaritas. All the ones I have tried have been very good; strawberry, pineapple and mango. I have also had the Bloody Marys here which are a little pricey but decent Bloody Marys. 

The chips and salsa here are delicious here. They give you 2 different types of salsa - a classic tomato one and a verde. The burritos are some of the best I have had in Philly. They are huge and will stuff you. My personal favorite is the steak and the run about $9 - $12. The tacos are decent too but the best value are the burritos. I also think this Cantina is better than the one in Northern Liberties.
Cantina serves my favorite margaritas in the city. I normally don't even like margaritas, I'm just not a mixed drink kind of person, but these are really really great. Not too sweet. Not too expensive. It's hard for me to leave here NOT totally wasted. At the end of the night I will inevitably feel like I could go for one more drink, and someone else at my table will agree and then we'll say "We might as well get another pitcher then." And it's all downhill from there...

I love the location, I love the atmosphere, the servers are great.

I'm not that crazy about the food. The meat is just really dry. Eh, the nachos are aight, the corn on the cob's good. But really, I'm just there for the margaritas.
Ahh the Cantina. I live about a block away and have visited many, many times.  I have what you could call a love- slightly dislike relationship with the Cantina. 

Things I love:
- That it is so freaking popular and our out-of-town guests ALWAYS want to check out "the orange restaurant with all the people sitting outside".  We actually took some friends with New York there twice in one day because they loved it so much.
- The food is overall pretty delicious.  I've rarely had a bad dish.  Some of my favorites include fajitas, veggie burrito, huevos rancheros, and of course the amazing salsas (that come with free chips, score!)
- The drinks are awesome.  Margs (all flavors) are great and beers are reasonably priced. 
- Lots of outdoor space! So glad they finally turned that empty lot into an outdoor dining patio.

Things I slightly dislike:
- The service can be sooooo sllllooooowwwww.  Which is awesome if you want to chill out, drink, and munch on chips.  But watch out if you want to grab a quick bite.
- The music inside gets really loud at night.  Wow, I sound like an old lady.  But if you are on a date or with friends you want to catch up with, it can be difficult to hear each other.  Make sure to sit outside if you fall into either one of those buckets.
- Food is a teensy bit overpriced.  Just a teensy bit.  And I don't like that you have to pay extra to add on cheese or pico de gallo to burritos, tacos, etc.  I feel like those should be standard, with guac being offered at a premium.

Overall, I always enjoy coming to the Cantina, esp when we have friends visiting.  The food and drinks are always good and its a fun place to hang out.
I went here for the first time Saturday and had a such a good time we went back sunday - both times I think we were there for 4 hours!

The food was really good - chicken tacos and guac were amazing. Nachos enormous and unlike most places you get nachos where everything is just piled on top, these have layers and layers. The only thing that wasn;t that great was the crab ceviche my friend got. 

Now onto the best part - Tequila!

It has been a while since I saw that many diff tequilas available. We started easy with pitchers of margaritas. Then on to the flights. This makes no sense to me...shots of don julio are about $10 a piece - yet you can get the 1 producer 3 tequila flight of Don julio with 3 shots for $13. Casa Noble is a $16 shot - and again you can get a flight with Casa Noble and like 3 other shots for $16. 

And the jukebox might have the greatest selection I have ever seen. Everything from Siouxsie and the Banchees to M.I.A. to Bob Dylan to Prince. 

all in all a great spot to chill with friends on a lazy sat or sun afternoon.
After we sent our first pitcher of margaritas back for being sickeningly sweet and lacking tequila, the second pitcher wasn't much better.  The food was average, at best.  They need to take a lesson from El Vez or El Rey in CC.  Will not be going back.
I'm not sure why I keep going back here. I started going when I moved to South Philly about 2 years ago. It used to be a decent place to go but it's been going downhill everytime.

So why do I keep going back? I wish I knew.
I guess it must be the rude staff, the vegan beef that always tastes like vegan sloppy joes, or the fact that they can't ever seem to put the guacamole I order on the side like I always ask. Instead, it gets lumped all together in the burrito at the bottom. 

That must be why I keep going back. Most people will complain about the hipster swarm that seems to be drawn to faux-authentic restaurants like these.

At least most of the portions are large.
As a frequent patron of Cantina Dos Segundos, I was well prepared for expectations with food and ambiance. The parking is a bit of a crap shoot with East Passayunk, but we were able to find free parking a block or two away.

Right away, you are hit with the strewn christmas lights and dark atmosphere.  Normally I like it, but it felt a bit too dark for 5PM on a Friday night.  One of my favorite things about the "Cantina" establishments is the Happy Hour.  They employ half-off margarita pitchers.  We got a pitcher of frozen margarita for $17.  This got us close to 4 margaritas each between my gf and I.

First off I have to say I'm obsessed with their salsa verde, it's my favorite in the city.  I was pretty much full by the time my food came.  I borderline need help.

I ordered the pork carnitas tacos with pico de gallo and guac.  It came with 3 tacos and the tacos were overflowing with meat and guac.  This is how tacos should be.  You will never go home hungry or sober from this place.  Well done Cantina, well done.

Of course I'll go back, but Dos Segundos is much easier to get to due to the parking situation.
eh. whatever.

good margaritas paired with the whitest mexican food this side of taco bell.
First of all, we had a reservation for 5:00 pm. The guy taking my reservation said you prolly shouldn't need one, and I said well we have to be somewhere at 7:00 so I'd like to make it just in case, so he made it for us.  We show up and guess what...there is no table ready for us...not a huge deal (yet)...we finally get seated after 15 minutes of waiting in the bar. 

We take our time ordering and the four of us ordered at the same time.  A side order of plantains came out within 10 minutes.  The first entree came out anther 10 minutes later.  After another 10 minutes went by, a second entree came out.  Mean while, our original waitress hasn't been back to the table to see what was going on.  She finally comes back to get us more drinks and goes to check in the kitchen to see what's going on. 20 more minutes go by and finally the last 2 entrees come out. 

The only positive is that the Cantina Margaritas are on point...and they ended up comping the first two entrees...

I won't be back to the Cantina.
I've been here for an hour or two once but I didn't get anything special. Just ordered a frozen margarita (not a specialty unfortunately) and the chips & salsa. The salsa we were given was really watery. I'm not sure if it is normally served that way but they were pretty sorry. 

I will update my review when I actually order an entree and try their margaritas which they seem to be known for. 

Otherwise, service was fine. I liked the atmosphere, all the seating options and the music.
1) by far THE worst playlist you'll hear in all of Philadelphia.
2) I'm confused: a "Mexican" place with Asian fusion Ceviche and Salmon Pescado with Seaweed salad on top?  ...okay...  This is NOT doing it for me, won't be back.

Restaurant Quest #51
