Nothing will make my eyes roll in their sockets like a defective slot machine faster than a bank getting into the coffee house business. 

In order to seriously disrupt the one star service pedigree at most retail banks Capital One opened an honest to goodness java station in Philadelphia's Rittenhouse Square to swaddle their brand in avuncular good feelings and lash millennial tastebuds in yummy (and expensive) caffeine concoctions. 

Frankly, I take my money seriously and I'll easily forego the frothy cappuccino in favor of things like... I don't know... competitive interest rates and an extensive ATM network. 

Maybe I'm just old school about the hipness required of my bank but am I the only one who thinks it odd that a bank whose core values should spin on an axis of responsible personal finance sees their point of difference in the sale of frivolous morning dessert beverages at a usurious $8 a clip. 

I just know I left my copy of Personal Finance for Dummies around here somewhere. Damn, I must have left it between the couch cushions at the Capital One Cafe. Madison, a round of Double Mochas for everyone, on me. Extra Cinnamon and hold the interest.
Peet's coffee with a side of financial planning? Yes, please. 

If you've never been to ING Café, give it a whirl for your morning cup. The beverages are cheaper than most coffee shops, and the baristas/bankers are friendly. No one will talk your ear off about a savings account or anything. If you have a question, they're happy to help, but if you don't, just get your drink and be on your way, no hassle.
The whole bank coffeeshop thing is a little weird, and I'm normally a snob who turns her nose at any corporate-linked cafe, but ING is solid for a few reasons.

-It's thirty seconds away from my office.  Score.
-Peet's Coffee roasts some solid beans.
-It's cheap.  VERY cheap.  My regular drink of choice - a black eye (coffee with two shots of espresso) for a $1.50?  That's usually $2.50-$4.00 at most other places.  Lattes and specialty drinks come at a similar bargain.
-There's only one size (16oz), but that's my usual, anyway.
-Staff is outgoing and friendly.  None of the pretentious barista nonsense.

So there you have it.  It's not the kind of cafe I'd hang out in all day, but it's perfect for when I need a coffee, quick.
The one problem I have with my "internet-only" bank account is that I don't have a way to deposit cash. So when I earned some free money the other day, I made it a point to head to a Capital One when it was where I was. Easy enough to deposit cash at their ATM, even $100 bills. And I was able to make a withdrawal from that same ATM specifying the denominations, so now I have a bunch of $1 bills for tips. Awesome.

No coffee today, but the Capital One Cafe does provide a 50% discount on your purchase if you pay with your Capital One card.

[Review 10377 overall, 143 of 2019.]
I've passed by Capital One 360 ( formerly ING Direct) at least couple hundreds of times since I've moved to Philly, and I wondered why the sign has Capital one and a Café on it but I have never had a reason to step in and check it out. The Question was always there though : Are they selling credit cards or coffee?

Recently, I attended a private event that was held at Capital One 360 Café and the mystery of capital one and coffee was revealed. It is not one of the many Starbucks within Rittenhouse, and its not that Wells Fargo branch on the next block. It is a hidden bank-themed café in the corner of busy Walnut street, where one can hangout, enjoy a cup of Peet's coffee and/or deli food while preaching financial advice! How convenient! Did I mention the free Wi-Fi internet access and cell phone charging kiosk? cannot get any better!  Also, if you are like me,  a fan of people watching, then grab a window seat by the glass exterior and do your work. Bonus!

I never knew that online banking themed café did exist, but now I sure do!  Hooray :)

Four Yelps!
I went in to Capital One's cafe in Rittenhouse with a friend so I could grab a cup of coffee.  I have an account with Captial One, but the skinny, middle-aged salesman behind the counter discovered my friend did not.  From that moment he completely ignored me and pounced on the opportunity to gain a customer.  As he was making his sales pitch to her, he cut me off every time i said a word (ironically I was encouraging her to open an account with them).  He came around the counter and stepped in front of me to pull up a chair for only my friend opening the new account and continued to ignore me.  To top the negative experience off, he completely forgot to get my drink which was the whole reason I brought my friend into their cafe.  

This experience made me rethink giving Capital One my business.  If their representatives only care about gaining new customers, they may start losing their existing ones.
I don't know if it's the beans or what they're doing with them, but I think ING's is some of the worst, most astringent, sour coffee around. For tea, hot chocolate and big chewy $1 cookies, though, this place is awesome.
Popped in this morning to grab a cup of coffee and happened to ask if there's a benefit to paying with my Capital One 360 card. Turns out you get 50% off your coffee!!! I was so excited. After rifling through my wallet, I realized I didn't have my card with me. The gentleman was so nice and  said that my coffee was on the house. Excellent customer service because it made my Monday morning and I'm super eager to get home and make sure my card is in my wallet from now on!
My favorite cafe in the city! I have professional exams that I study for a lot, and I hate studying in quiet spaces, so I've definitely done my fair share of coffee shop hopping to find my niche spot, but this is it!

The coffee is Pete's coffee, and I can save you a lot of time -- the best cold brew you're gonna find from a chain coffee shop is right here. It's amazing, and I'm not even that into the taste of coffee so that's saying something.

As you might have guessed, because I'm there for studying primarily and not necessarily for coffee I have definitely stayed longer than I should for the number of items I have (or have not) purchased on many, many occasions.  But the employees are always super nice and let me do my thing!

There are also TONS of study spaces if you're looking to have legit project meetings or group meetings or if you prefer to reserve a closed off space for your work.

As you can probably guess, I do recommend and will definitely be back regularly during every one of my exam seasons
In case you haven't noticed by the title of the list that I have this review in, I generally have a dislike of corporate coffeehouses. So with that said I've been hesitant to check out the ING Direct Cafe for quite sometime now. it definitely combines two things that normally don't go together very well.
Is it a bank? Is it a coffeehouse? It's a place where you can get information on starting a savings account while drinking a latte???
But I finally gave in and have been taken a back over how good and useful it can be. You get free Internet access with the purchase of a coffee and it's a pretty damn good connection speed. And as said below they serve Peets coffee and it really is some of the best. The Wall of televisions also do a pretty good job of keeping you informed on things that you should be checking out further while you browse the web.
So overall it's the best place to go when you need to keep informed about whats going on. So I'm giving in just this once.
Free bathroom.

Water for a buck - HOLLA!

Iced tea for $1.50 - Double HOLLA!

Surcharge free ATM - HIGH FIVE!
so i bought the mug.  what is the mug good for?  half off all your drinks when you bring your mug.  and it's free coffee on monday.
or you can go for the combo deal with a pastry and coffee for $2 all day any day.
and it's one of the only places in philly that brews peet's.

i love the big windows...although quite distracting for actually doing work, it's quite the place for the people watching.

but alas alas, the orange savings account is just not making me as much money as it used to.

but dont worry i still love you.
This is the place to go if you're in the area and in the need for a quick coffee fix.  I don't find that I particularly like the coffee they serve (Peets is the brand I believe) but it's a dollar, so what more could I possibly ask for?  Their baked goods are always delish and only cost $1.00.  No where else in the city could you get an iced coffee and a muffin for $2.00.  The people who work there are pretty friendly and I like to use their internet if I have some free time. If you inquire about their products (checking & savings accounts) they will talk to you about them but there's never any pressure. ING is certainly a less expensive option to Starbucks.  The quality isn't fantastic, but for mere pennies, it'll do. :)
I really don't care about coffee, I do care about free internets and big returns on my savings account.  This is why I go to ING Direct Cafe. I am a loyal ING Direct customer and I can make deposits into my checking and savings accounts from here.   They're also friendly.  I just like a barrista that can also talk finance with you.  

Bring TP with you if you wanna use the bathrooms :)
LOLWUT?

What the heck is going on? We stayed at Radisson Warwick right across the street in Rittenhouse Square, and this weird spot was right across from it. I had to take a look and figure out what the heck is going on...

I remembered the name vaguely, and I know ING is like some sort of bank or something, and the cafe part really threw me off... From outside I could see the prices, so I decided that since it was so cheap I could risk taking a shot.

Free wifi, cheap coffee, drinks, and pastries, and a pretty cool enviroment make this cafe a place we will certainly revisit. Seriously, their drinks are WAY cheaper than CRAPbucks, and it tastes way better. I will most definitely stop by quickly for coffee here.

This isn't exactly a downside, but the reason they have cheap stuff is to get you into the bank and try to sell you some bank services. They are very subtle, and don't force anything on you. They'll ask one question, if you say no, that's it... Aside from that, they are SUPER friendly and take good care of you.

Skip the charbucks coffee and go here instead. Your wallet and taste buds will love you.
I already miss the old cafe. 
Beautiful space, still a great location and very nice and pleasant staff. Paired with my favorite coffee, Peet's, but how can a cafe/coffee shop operate without a grinder? Where's the freshness of the great coffee? Where are the 16oz, pound bags of whole beans for sale? Now, I can buy the same 12oz pre-ground coffee as I could get in the supermarkets. 
It's really too bad this place masquerades as a cafe inside a bank.
This lounge is pretty cool. You can reserve meeting rooms and it really serves as a cafe/work center.  There is wifi and there is a Peet's Coffee Shop inside. They give Capital One card holders 50% off drinks.

Great place to get some work done in the area.
It seems like a funny idea, but for some reason the ING Cafe seems to work. It's not a bank(although you can do your banking here at the free internet terminals), it's a cafe. The menu is limited to just coffee, tea, hot chocolate, and your basic assortment of pastries. There's only one size, and pretty much everything is a dollar(espresso drinks cost three) and it doesn't seem to ever be too busy. The coffee and tea are both good enough for me to recommend. There is also a bunch of other ING merchandise available for purchase, but I'm sure nobody every has or will. In my experience the cafe has been clean and never too crowded. If you don't want to stay and enjoy the free wifi then you may want to consider taking your drink over to Rittenhouse square, which is just one block west. 

I am not only a fan of this cafe, but also ING Direct itself, which I have an account with and also recommend. However, I have to knock off a star because this cafe is basically a corporate marketing scheme, which takes away from the cool factor.
WOW, literally the perfect place to study!!!! SO many outlets and decently fast WiFi. The bathroom is even ~relatively~ clean! 

Came here on a Friday afternoon and it wasn't too crowded, lots of space available. From individual tables to larger ones for groups, and even some rooms on the second floor, this place seems perfect to not only get work done, but to meet up for meetings or projects. 

As I mentioned before, this place has ENDLESS outlets - USB ports for your phone and regular outlets for laptops. YOU WILL NEVER RUN OUT OF JUICE HERE!! 

I will definitely come here more often to get work done!!! They also play some nice pop/indie music at a reasonable volume so you can take calls here too!
Stopping off in Philadelphia after my trip to NYC I needed to find my banks ATM location and discovered this spot right where I was headed. I stopped in got a coffee and a muffin, used the ATM and rest room. Got information on Allpoint ATM's in Philly and was pleasantly surprised at the service. It will be my stopping point each visit to Rittenhouse Square. Clean, friendly coffee shop with my Capital One ATM. As I am a card holder and customer I also got a discount on the coffee. Unique place. I hope they do more of them in cities I travel to.
Taking advantage of amazing Halloween weather, we went for a long walk with the dog.  After a nice Rittenhouse loop, we were lured in by cheery Café staff with the promise of free coffee and treats.  Initially wary of a "trick" accompanying these treats (come on, collaborative staff in Power Ranger Team T-shirts?  Definitely trick-y), we made like Hansel & Gretel and threw all caution to the wind when they said our dog was welcome in the café!

While it has a cozy (long, skinny lot) footprint, the fortuitous corner location with floor to ceiling glass panels ("walls") give this café a spacious, airy feel.  While not a spot I would choose to work remotely, it's a great location to meet up, check email (save your data!), or a brief shelter in the hot/cold months. 

Trick or treat!
* Trick: It's a bank themed café! OoooOOOooooh!
* Capital One Card holders get half off their café beverage purchases! 
* Occasionally offers free beverages - usually around a holiday or street fair. Or just because!
* Free WiFi!
* Free cell phone charging tower!
* Pet Friendly! Pet Friendly! Pet Friendly!

Smell my feet!
* Tight coffee condiment station.
* Not too many spots to sit down.
* Other cardholders get no bonuses. Strongsad.
* Closed on Sundays (pardon my dog's nose art on the glass door!) 

Mostly treats, staff not too pushy with the tricks, and no breadcrumbs required to find your way home!

4.25 pieces of candy!
Yay, thank you Yelp for 
1. Encouraging me to come here and check this place out via the YEE. 

 2. For helping me discover that I get 50% all drinks cause I have a capitalone card, HOLLA HOLLA LARGE ALMOND MILK LATTE FOR UNDA THREE DOLLA.

I'm sorry, Starbucks gold card, you might have to retire for a bit.
I never quite understood the concept of this place: Is it a bank? Is it a cafe? Is it Superman?

I had this crazy idea that if I went in all they would try to do is sell me something. Turns out the only thing they're actively selling is high quality caffeinated beverages.

After attending an event here I discovered that Capital One cardholders (me!) can get all cafe drinks half off when paying with a Capital One card. My life is forever changed. No need to pay Starbucks prices when I can get the same quality here for a better value. I came in on a Saturday morning and left my fate to the man with the southern accent behind the counter. He suggested the chocolate and caramel swirl Freddo, his will be done. It was delicious. Will definitely be patronizing this place often in the future!
I LOVE Peet's coffee; it's been my favorite chain coffee shop since middle school. This particular location is inside a capital one bank location and there is ample (and comfortable) tables, desks, counters, etc. to get productive work done. I have definitely stumbled upon a new favorite study spot! 

The customer service here by the cashiers and baristas is not the best. I have definitely received pushback on my drink customization requests (e.g., extra whipped cream or adjusting the drink temperature). 

I will still frequent this location as it is the only Peet's coffee in Philly (center city). My go to drinks are the cappuccino and vanilla latte.
Maybe I'm cranky because I dumped what was not their finest cup of coffee (when I poured it down the drain, my office kitchen was filled with the smell of cat pee. Wtf?), or because today was the first day I went in since they increased prices, but back when their coffee was $1.00, I'd have given them 4 stars.  Half the time it was kind of burnt, but you could tell it came from quality stock and was the cheapest decent cup around.  I went in today and they raised their price to $1.50.  Think about that.  A 50% increase in price with an increase in neither quality nor quantity.  So now, for approximately 30 cents more, I can go just about anywhere and get a much better cup of coffee.  I highly doubt I'll be going here again.

What a difference a half dollar makes...
some weeks i practically live here.  the other day we got 2 fancy coffees w shots of this or that & it was $6 and i was about to say, "wow, that is the most expensive 2 coffees we have ever gotten here!" (we forgot our 1/2 price mugs, true story) but then they scanned my frequent buyer card (no punch hole stamping allowed in my wallet) and one was free!  so i bit my tongue. i believe it's every 3rd drink free... you used to be able to store them up & use it whenever you wanted, but now they automatically deduct.  also the people that work here are SO great compared to anywhere else in cc. one day  i had a coffee guy w an attitude & i almost had a flash back to every time ive gotten coffee at a starbucks.  i have had an account w them for 5 yrs or so, and i love them as a bank, too. they have never approached me or anyone i know about opening an account while buying coffee. im kinda mad at them for not having sandwiches anymore & a while back they stopped toasting bagels, but i understand its a code issue not bc they hate toasted bagels.
Capital One Cafe is great & has free wifi. Not only that, but the space is designed beautifully. It's spacious, with different areas to work or meet at, including little nooks to sit with your laptop.
A+ - dare I say my new favorite coffee shop? I was definitely deceived as I would pass by here all the time thinking I wasn't allowed in because it was a bank or something? I figured I had no business in here. Until last week my friend said this was the perfect spot to work from home and she was right. You don't feel as though you are being rushed out because it's so spacious and basically made for people to come and camp out. 

There is so much seating and so many outlets. They even have rooms - you need reserve them. But even if you don't have a room, you'll be fine.

They serve Pete's coffee which is great and they have pastries from a bakery downtown that are delicious. 

Highly recommend!!! Can't wait to make this my new go-to.
This place is an odd combination of bank and cafe.  I love the coffee because it's Peet's, which is available largely on the West Coast.  Friendly staff, half-hour wifi w/purchase.  It occupies a central downtown location, and the staff are quite friendly.  Seating is adequate, with some outlets for laptops, but don't sit by the door during winter :-).

Of course they advertise their ING bank products, but it's not overt and they sound like a decent bank anyway.  I believe the cost of coffee is partially subsidized.  Flat screen TVs with news are kind of nice for a mid-day headline check.  Bank customers can use the internet for free with in-house computers.

As you can imagine for a bank-cafe-internet hybrid, the atmosphere isn't very cafe-ish, but it's a good stop for coffee and an email check.  Early in the day they even have fresh Philadelphia soft pretzels (which might even be free, but don't quote me on it).
Full disclosure:  I am a ING Direct customer...
WOW!  No nonsense coffee with simple banking advise.  Smart on every level!

Coffee prices were super reasonable food prices were on the same level.  I wish I lived closer so I could stop in more often!
Some of the new baristas are a nightmare.  Unfriendly, rude, and certainly not customer friendly.  I've been coming almost every day for the past 2 years+ and always had a wonderful experience at the old cafe.  When the new location opened, I can hardly say the same.  Will be searching for a new morning stop on my way to work for coffee.
The new location is really nice and looks really cool, however they should have invested in personnel as well. There is a whole new staff making coffee and they seem unorganized and very slow. I waited well over 10 minutes for my coffee and had several employees ask what I'm waiting for but no one actually got my drink. I will not be returning.
What is not to love?  Not only free wireless, but also free internet access from computer terminals (honor system for keeping use within reasonable limits so others can also hop on).  Good drinks in HUGE cups (their smallest size is like a starbucks "grande"), most of which are priced at a mere 1.50! (even the chai tea lattes and cafe au laits).  Staff are really friendly.    And they accept debit/credit cards (but also have an ATM should you choose to go that route)

Overall a great place to study or get some work done, especially if you want to intermittently check your email without having to lug around your laptop.  The only caveat is that their hours are only until 7ish (though some might say that at least enforces some level of normalcy...unless you go down the street to capriccio to keep working late.)
oK, I work one store down from here. THESE PEOPLE KNOW ME!!! i love them they are awalys friendly and a real great group of people. I am in here every day i work (3-5 days a week)  Always a real pleasure to see these people. they even made my signature drink a local fav. which i still blush about!!!  you cannot beat this service, everything here is great. especailly the cookies- of which my co-worker as me addicted. this is an awesome place to go get something to drink and just read a book or make a mad dash to the 21 bus acroos the street!!!! I love you guys!!see you tommrw!!!
I'm a big fan of ING Direct!  Part of my future is invested with them!  I also love the coffee that they serve at the cafe, and enjoy doing my banking while getting a freshly brewed cup of coffee.  It's a brilliant idea!  Coffee, money, some world news, and free internet...  Come on, what's not to love?  Oh yeah, and let's not forget the pastries!  Yum!  The staff is also wonderful, and knowledgeable about fair trade policies of investments and world coffees.
Where else can you get Peet's Coffee in Philadelphia?  The prices are great and the area is open and clean.  If you don't mind the occasional weirdo using the free computers to catch up on his Star Wars trivia (I kid thee not), then this is not a bad place to grab a cup of coffee.
Do you want to surf the internet with homeless people while drinking a $1.50 chai?  If so, this is the cafe for you.  You used to be able to order a large here, but now it's one size only.  Booo!  I always get a large no matter what.

Also, one Friday I stopped for an iced tea.  I had on a melon colored tank.  I was surprised when I learned that my drink was free!  If you wear orange on Friday you can get any drink for free.  Nice.
First time studying at this cafe in the city! I came here per suggestion from some friends to get in a long study session in the afternoon and was not disappointed. There was plenty of seating and a coffee bar in the building to get a caffeine pick me up. The coffee shop had a nice buzz but was not too noisy that you couldn't focus. I spent a few hours here and would definitely come back to get some coffee and study again in the future!
If you want a decent cup of joe for a decent price you can come to this cafe/bank. I remember hearing about this place years ago from a friend who worked for Center City District. Anyways, it's always been decent. They make/sell Peet's Coffee. They have specials - if you are on facebook/twitter like for opening day last week, they sold $1 hotdogs. Also, free Wi-Fi (if you have your own device). Ask the server for the password. The staff is nice and don't try to sell you opening a savings or checking account.....
if you're in center city, 
if you're a fan of decent bagels,
if you're in a rush, 
if you're not a fan of starbucks,
if you're a fan of 'soy milk' free of charge,
if you're into saving money,
this is your spot.
1.50 Peets coffee. Free cup when you buy a bag of beans. Clean, bright, free wi-fi and financial advice. `Nuff said.
ING DIRECT Cafe is great. Often I'm stuck on Walnut Street needed some info, or waiting for an email. A quick stop into ING Direct Cafe seems to solve that. The internet is free with a purchase of coffee, with is not too expensive. I enjoy the fact that things are rounded to the 25 cent mark, so most drinks are 1.50 even.

The staff is nice, and the schwag is economically priced if you don't mind donning an orange lion.
Can't say enough about this place! Terrific addition to the area from a smaller original spot across the street, this cafe has it all. Plenty of space to relax, free wifi, nice restrooms, great service, terrific coffee, pastries from several top bakeries for sale (le bus, 20th  street, etc) and comfy tables with bright open floor plan. 

The day we went in there were free hats and gloves! I truly can't get over the prices. My group of four had two coffees, a latte and an iced tea and the bill was $6! Total! Everything is half price if you use a Capitol One card. I already love  the customer service and ease of my capital one account so this Cafe is such an added perk. 

There were nice little conference rooms upstairs and really plenty of space to work or just people watch. This will be my go to spot for sure when I need a break from Shopping on Walnut street. Well done
Thank you ING, thank you for giving me free internet access and delicious Peet's coffee whenever I'm in Philly.  You're never pushy with your products, you charge offensively cheap prices for your tasty treats, and you're so incredibly friendly.

That, and you treat my mom right.  That's aces in my book.  I love you guys.
Once you get over the fact that this is effectively a Pete's coffee inside a Capital One retail branch this place isn't all that bad. A little strange how there are ATMs on the first floor and a customer service table where you can sign up for Capital One products but the second floor is a great place to get work done if it isn't too crowded. Free wifi here is fast and the space is new, modern and clean.

As for the Pete's, I'm a pretty big fan of their coffee and would liken  it to Saxby's for those who haven't been before i.e. a chain that is slightly better than Starbuck's.

If you have a Capital One card coffee is 50% off here which may be reason alone enough for you to come
Strictly as a cafe, this place is fabulous! Peet coffee is phenomenal and Im very grateful for the YEE for introducing me to this fine purveyor of Peet coffee.  I had a muffin here that was the best I've ever had.  Caramel apple muffin...simply delightful. 
I have no money, so therefore I'm not really in the market for financial advice, but I'm always in the market for great coffee and pastries!
This one time, as an undergrad, I signed up for a Capital One card only because they were giving away free Domino's pizza's. Sigh...ah to be young and stupid. But hey, look now it's paying off: 

If you have a Capital One card, at this cafe, you get half off on all drinks! All drinks are $1.50 full price but with a Capital One card you can get them for 75 cents! 

Located off the busy Walnut Street, there are plenty of tables and chairs to sit and study. Towards the back there is a sort of lounge area with comfortable couches and a coffee table.
I LOVE this place! I work on the other side of Broad and walk here- it's worth it. I love Peet's coffee, and their iced teas are great too. The black tie (Vietnamese iced coffee) is a nice treat! That 50% discount for Capital One members is so awesome. The staff is really friendly too!
I have been a customer since I opened an account in 2010....the coffee is pretty great, 1/2 price since I am an account holder but the customer service is what keeps me coming back. Every employee is cheerful and professional...i understand thats is not a coffee shop but a bank that serves coffee......but both of those types of establishments should take this as an example.
The coffee is good and cheap (only $1.00). Also, you can get in and out of there quickly when you are in a rush in the morning. But someone should tell the servers that it is OK to smile once and a while. Overall, a good place to grab a coffee.
I always stop by here when I go get my haircut at Jason Matthew salon on Chesnut or before I go shopping on Walnut st. They are extremely friendly. The atmosphere is really cool. The best part - the coffee is actually good. Good enough that I stopped putting sugar or milk. Another great aspect is that it's like half price if you use your capital one card! And it's free when it's happy hour. I recommend stopping by!
Free internet access and (as I happen to be an ING account holder) access to your banking.

Plus if you wear orange (like that EVER happens??) on certain days your coffee is free.

Kitschy come-ons and cool swag to be had here as well.

I really enjoy banking with ING Direct and the coffe shop is a nice addition.

But they need to clean those bathrooms more often - or else they'll be downgraded to 3 or even 2 stars.  They get GROSS!!!
free wifi
seating w/ lots of sunlight
cheap peets coffee

if you check in w/ foursquare i think you get a free coffee.

what's not to love??
Did you know there is a time machine at the corner of 17th and Walnut? Not everyone has access to it, but if you have a Capital One Card, you get a ticket to 1980.

Why 1980? Because a cup of coffee in 1980 was about .75 (I googled it) and that is how much it is here if you use your Capital One Card.  

Service is swell and they have all the fixins.  This is a new favorite spot for my morning pick-me-up.
i love the idea.  a bank primarily focused on online savings accounts based in delaware creates an offbeat cafe on a bustling walnut st philadelphia with 30 minutes of online access on desktops and relatively cheap drinks.

i thought it was pretty cool actually...until i tried their iced chai. 
okay, so a buck fifty for a 16 oz drink (or something like it) is pretty good considering it's around $3+ elsewhere, but seriously, this drink tastes like tainted whole milk and looks like muddied water in a plastic cup.

the worst part is that i got it TWICE in two different occasions thinking the first time was a fluke.

why?
I really enjoyed my macchiato here yesterday. It was actually free, because they had set up a prize wheel in front of the store and were giving things away to get you into the cafe. When I redeemed my free drink, the barista was really friendly; he mentioned a few details about Capital One checking accounts but wasn't too pushy about "selling" anything. The cafe itself is nice enough and has a few tables and some comfy couches (my preference) in the back. My friend also won a drink, so we sat there for about an hour and weren't pestered about Capital One accounts as we had expected to be. Overall, a decent place to come for coffee and a little cheaper than other cafes in the area, so I'd recommend it if you don't mind that your coffee comes with a side of financial planning advice :)
Am I the only one not impressed by mediocrity on all fronts: sure the baristas claim to also be your banker, but in fact, they are neither. Due to the store's location, I've patronized them for coffee (coming from San Francisco bay area, trust me when I tell you they know not how to brew Peet's), I've used the free internet (and had my session justifiably curtailed), and I've tried to ask them some questions about my ING account (all attempts were thwarted since "we don't do that in-store. Please call or try online").
In sum, I'm not sure there's anything they're really good at. I sometimes wish they'd just close and finally open the Pinkberry we're waiting for in that neighborhood.
This place has some super strong coffee.  It's almost like drinking espresso in a 20oz. cup.  I pretty much just get a plain, black cup of coffee so it's interesting to see their simplified approach to a menu.  This cuts down on wait time, which is nice.

As a bank, they're pretty great too!
I can't imagine someone making a nicer coffee shop. Plenty of TVs with news on in the morning, relaxing AM music, great prices. Simple menu selection, in fact it's more just coffee and muffin style, but I think it's part of the appeal. I am just sitting hear clearing my thoughts and enjoying it. Perfect cafe for the perfect area. It's not a bank though, Althought they have the ING site up on the two computers that you can use. I saw the one negative review and can not agree with Jon's rating.
The location is spot on as is the surcharge free ATM in the back - yay ING! The coffee and pastries are nothing really special but for $1 you really can't go wrong. This is a good spot to grab a cheap cup of coffee or sit down for a moment while on Walnut Street without having to go to Starbucks.
I was a big fan of the ING Direct Cafe until about a month ago - that's when they went to a one-size pricing model.  Coffee is still great, but it's just not the awesome deal that it once was.  Free drink on Friday if you wear orange is still a nice perk.
Cheap, solid coffee and ice coffee.  Like, $0.75 if you use a Capital One card like I do.  That alone is worth stopping in.

Plus it's a huge space, has great WiFi, and everyone is super nice.

Only potential negative?  You're not going to impress anyone by coming here.  But really, if you're going to a certain coffee shop to impress people you've likely got bigger fish to fry.  Also their pastries aren't THE best but whatever shut-up 75 cent coffee.
I love the friendly staff and the coffee is superb, fresh, tasty and delicious. Yes coffee can be delicious. On a hot day they make a fantastic Frio and on those days that I need a caffeine fix the double latte taste awesome. No sugar required.

The price............5 Stars

PS: 360 should open more joints and give Starbucks a run .......
5-stars post-renovation! 2 stories means it's super spacious and you likely won't have trouble finding a seat despite its prime location on 17th and Walnut St. in the heart of Rittenhouse! Drinks are expensive, but you get a discount if you have/open a Capital One card!
a big iced coffee, with soymilk, a block from my office, for $1? five fucking stars.
Peets!

The service and atmosphere was also friendly and comfortable.  The sales pitch is definitely more pull than push and I enjoyed looking over the related tchochkes.
i used to make fun of this place, but it's actually pretty good coffee/tea (and a good deal.) you have to, like, really effin love the color orange though. you will piss orange after coming here. in addition to coffee, you can buy all sorts of random, orange-branded ish like umbrellas, bicycles, backpacks, keychains, etc. earn a staggering 0.80% annual percentage yield (effective 01/06/2012) on your savings while you're at it.
Who doesn't love this place?  It's super unpretentious which is all I need in a coffee shop.  It's clean and offers cheap coffee that's good quality as well.  The staff are super friendly and the space is very open and bright.  This is my go-to coffee spot when I am running errands in Center City and shopping on Walnut Street.
I was put off for a long time that this is called the capital one café, Even though I have always been a fan of Pete's coffee. But I finally went in, because I have a capital one card, and it turns out they give you a discount for using your card here! So I ended up getting the cold brew fog, and it was mighty tasty. They can even reduce the sweetener, thank goodness. I really like that there is no milk in it but it tastes milky, with a nice nitro type foam on top, that makes it silky. And you know what I really appreciated was that they didn't automatically give me a lid and a, oh don't say it, straw! I am very deft at side-of-the-cup drinking. Talented, I know. 

The cashier was really friendly and helpful. I saw that they have financial advice in the back, but I didn't participate in that, but that's neat to know they have that there.
Yes, this is not an artisanal coffee shop. Yes, they will throw you a sales pitch on signing up for a Capital One checking/savings account.

Once you settle down and get over those two things - they have GREAT iced vanilla lattes for $3 (16 ounces - which is like a Grande at Starbucks), free wi-fi, surprisingly comfortable chairs, and last but not least - they've already turned on their air conditioning for the year (which is paramount in a humid city like Philly).

And it's always kind of empty in here, which I really like.
I've been coming to this cafe since its first iteration, as ING. With each renovation I enjoy the cafe less. The banking staff is lovely, and I do bank here. This latest cafe, however, is a major letdown. A barista should certainly know what a cafe con leche is, and if she doesn't she should not sass me because I didn't tell her it meant the milk should be steamed. It's nice to get a coffee for half price using my Cap One card, but as my enjoyment factor has gone down the savings is becoming less of a draw. I don't often order food but I did order a bagel once and when I questioned the manager after taking a bite, she checked and admitted it was from yesterday!! I did prefer the smaller more intimate location across the street; both the (former) cafe staff and the bank staff made me feel like I was in my neighborhood hangout. While they can't easily go back to being a physically smaller cafe, they can certainly hire and train professional baristas, and maybe send them to La Colombe for a week ordering different coffees to see how the staff there works.
Free iced coffee giveaway was perfect!
Great Peet's coffee for super cheap! This is a great coffee shop disguised as a bank (or bank disguised as a coffee shop?).  $1 for drip coffee, tea or  hot chocolate, $3 for espresso drinks (.50 for an added shot of espresso).  And it's well made, too.  Nothing fancy, by any means, and their menu isn't as overwhelmingly huge as a lot of coffee shops in the area.  You just have the basics here.  But that's a plus in my opinion.  Baristas are super friendly, and won't harangue you about getting an account (although they may ask if you're with ING).  However, they were more than willing to offer up information when I asked about a savings account.

So, cheap Peet's coffee, great service, a cool environment that only kind of feels like a corporate bank.  There's not much to go wrong here!
I ordered a Tea Fog drink and was really impressed! But I was more impressed with how nice the setting was. The cafe is located in a really convenient location in Center City, located around a lot of stores. There's lots of space to study inside including sofas, tables, and even personal study rooms. Everything looks really clean and modern. This would definitely be a great place to hang out and work.
Very nice location, inside and out, come check it out!They have financial advisors to help you figure what you need financially and grab a bite while you're at it. Card holders get 50% off craft drinks. They recommend no photos inside if possible.

Now they're advertising on Capitol One X, annual fee is slightly higher but with sign up you get 100,000 points when after meeting the minimum requirements. 

CO is easy to use app, book your flights by using your points or convert them to paying down on your bills, PayPal it. They also partner up with H&M and other businesses to get you bonuses back on your purchases.

Second floor and first floor offer spaced apart tables and areas to do work. Great for students. Keep your mask on and distance if possible.
This is what happened to me. I have been with Capital one 360 online since they took over ING Direct since 2003. I had about a total of 20k in different accounts. In March I did not realize that I transferred  8 time in a month instead of 6 times. No warnings that I was reaching the cut off amount. Well they decided to cancel one of my savings accounts and instead of emailing me or transferring the money to another capital one 360 account ( I have 5 different accounts ) they sent over 12k to my credit union account. Again no email, text , phone call. If i did not check and call,  I would have never known. I use that money to transfer to different accounts to pay my bills and general savings. When I called the rep, he just said it is federal regulations. Again no communications.
I love this place. Love it! I just discovered it recently, and it is one of the best places to study that I've found. It doesn't really give off the quaint coffee shop vibe--reminded me more of my student center back in college, but it was a great place to be productive. There are tons of tables and seats upstairs and downstairs (but not all upstairs have easy access to an outlet). They have meeting rooms upstairs and downstairs and "nooks" upstairs. 

Here's what I learned today: meeting rooms-- strictly off limits even when it's empty. Nooks- first come first serve. I came once to study upstairs and saw people studying in both the nooks and meeting rooms upstairs. The second time I came back, I tried to study in the meeting room downstairs but was told that I would have to reserve it online (and usually it's only reservable by student groups and non-profits). The person who let me know was incredibly friendly about it, and even offered free drinks on the house for "kicking me out". Incredible service and so kind.  Upstairs- way more quiet than downstairs. It seems downstairs is more like your "coffee shop" vibe and upstairs is more for working and studying. 

I have never had Peet's coffee before, and it so good! I tried their iced coffee, which was delicious, and also their iced team lemonade fusion. Their mango one was perfect and tasted super refreshing. Drinks are a bit on the pricier side, but I suppose if you have a capital one card, it gives you 50% off. One downside is they don't have any food options besides pastries and oatmeal.  

Overall, I'll definitely be back! Great place, and I'm so glad I found it.
OK, I really wanted the "ING DIRECT Cafe" to be a cheesy experience. I really did. I mean, I wouldn't be able to keep a straight face if I went to, oh I don't know, a "Wells Fargo Waffle House" or a "Bank of America Brasserie", and I figured the "ING DIRECT Cafe" would be no different. 

However, it's a really nice, honest to goodness Internet Cafe. I should mention that I don't have a savings account at ING DIRECT nor do I plan to get one. Yes, as you might guess it's not staffed with your average barista, they know how to pitch a high-yield savings account. You just need to walk in prepared to stand there and do a lot of smiling and nodding as you wait for your drink. 

What's neat about the ING DIRECT Cafe:

Peet's Coffee! I think this is the only place in all of Philadelphia where you can get a genuine cup of Peet's (I live in San Francisco, so sue me).

Passersby are probably so scared by the bright orange and/or the promise of a sales pitch that there are plenty of free seats and tables available to work at.  

The wireless is free if you bring your own laptop, and they have their own computer terminals there if you didn't.

Wear orange on Fridays and get a free drink of your choice (triple nonfat half-caf no-foam mocha...whatever you want)

Say what you want about the concept...it seems to work. I always see at least one person in there signing up for a new savings account, and if you are an ING DIRECT customer, the Cafe is highly recommended since if you go in and make a deposit, you get a free drink.
The best place for freelancers and remote workers! I have been there many times when I am tired of working at my home office.

A huge, open, sunny space in the middle of Rittenhouse Square and plenty of areas to work. You can find some nooks if you need a private space, though they get occupied pretty quickly during busy times.

The cafe is open 7 am - 7 pm and you have more than 8-hours of work time to spend there. Staffs don't seem to care too much about staying for a long period of time.

A huge plus if you have a Capital One card- all drinks and food for half the price. They don't taste the greatest, but decent.

They'd have daily events where people can come and get financial education if you are a Capital One member. They also have some fun community events as well as Popup shops from a local business. I have to say I was excited to find a local ice cream shop come for a tasting one day :)

Overall, it is a great place if you are looking for a place in the middle of the town to get some work done. Will love to come back someday + I wish there were Capital One Cafe like this in my town!
Add me to the list of people who miss the old place. Don't get me wrong: 50% off coffee for capital one debit/credit card holders is still going strong and is a definite perk, as is the ample two-story seating area. There are just many things about the new place that are unappealing. First, I don't recall seeing any of the old staff at the new place. It just seems like the coffee shop is trying too hard to hipster-fy itself. Second, as others have pointed out, the new staff is pretty slow, especially compared to the old place. Lastly, they placed a key code on the bathrooms. That, in and of itself, is fine, but when I asked for the code, I got questioned about buying a coffee. Never mind that I had purchased/finished drinking one and that's why I needed to use the restroom, but why should anyone be interrogated to flush a toilet and wash their hands? Corporate America, you're ruining good things once again!
Arrived to capital one cafe on a Tuesday afternoon to do some work.  I found myself at a very cool environment with a huge space to work with.  You don't find a ton of these in the city.  The barista was quite friendly and made a great latte.  I would come here again.  If you use your capital one card you get 50% off!
This place is great! The place is very spacious and clean. Perfect for studying or getting work done. In addition to the first floor there is an upstairs with study rooms. Plus if have a capital one card, coffee is half off (not sure if this applies to other drinks as well). Will definitely be back!
I used to go to the one across the street years ago and originally the Cafe people working there were friendly. Then, gradually, a strange shift happened where the Cafe people they hired were only friendly if you have a Capital one card. They weren't exactly unfriendly, but you got the sense that they were a little irritated if you just wanted a coffee but didn't want to be part of any of their banking stuff. They also used to have bank worker guardians of the realm who would stand by the front doors and smile at you with such intensity that a Capital one account with your name on it would magically appear before your eyes. They were friendly, but I'm glad the new spot doesn't have them. I stopped getting coffee there because I got tired of them asking me about opening an account.

Fast forward to the new place. I figured I would give them a shot again because I like the coffee and the interior looks cool. The coffee has remained good, if not a bit expensive ($3+ for a large black coffee) but I choose to pay it so thats not their fault. The service remains weird though. It's like the Cafe baristas/cashiers just lost a Horcrux or something. At times they are almost friendly, but when you don't have a Capital one card that friendliness disappears and is replaced by a sense that a vacuum just sucked some of the joy out of their hearts. 

Here's the thing, I don't really like talking much beyond exchanging the usual normal pleasantries when I get coffee, and I'm not looking for people to share my dreams with, but a little normal human friendliness never hurt anybody. 

Also, I did have a Capital one account at one point, and I enjoyed the wonders of greatly discounted coffee from the Cafe before discovering that I was paying fees that made the coffee discount pretty pointless, so I cancelled my card. 

I guess I'll try this place again in five years.

Edited on 6-7-19
Hi Matt S, I appreciate your polite reply to my post!
I really enjoy the convenience of this place. The coffee is good. The service is quick for the most part - better than any Starbucks! And they offer half off your beverage if you have a capital one card! They even stop by our workplace and give us freebie cards every once in a while which is super nice of you guys!
This bank has allowed me to pull myself from debt and into hooray. It's business model is closer to a credit union with no its no fees and shared profits. Forget the unreasonably inexpensive coffee and WIFI, my checking account makes money by just sitting there. Its the opposite of most banks. And nice color scheme.
They just raised the $1 coffee to $1.50, but that's still pretty cheap for a good cup of coffee (and a free half hour of internet usage.) I stop in here atleast once a week, and the staff is always so nice and down to earth. I'm actually even considering opening a savings account with ING Direct. I hear good things about the bank. Also, I hear they give you free coffee everytime you make a deposit.
claim, reclaim, disclaim!

I owe u quite a few dollas - o yeah! the stack of singles would go to the drastic stratospheres... yes i signed with freewilly... and i do promise to pay u back, as I have been, every month til 2525...so help me xxxxx

why do i then leave extra dosh with u in the ether... i dunno, i guess it's the FREE drink one receives whenever one makes a deposit..

PEET coffee is good - and it is me !  Dutch treets!

thank god i dont have to go to wilmington to keep in touch.. geesh - yucckie poo! what businesses will do to avoid having to pay taxes

Ing, my ING - u were one of the first to go pure play virtual/online, your rates were once the tops.. and the potentially delicato in/out  maneuver$$$ have always been ride-a-bike EZ.

And these cafes are nice - (Philly is nicer than NYC's!) but ever since they appeared... well- upon reflection, really since the ING merch machine multiplied to NBA store levels, the RATES offered by the BANK have not been top top notch...
close, but about a percentage BELOW the growing field's best...

Painful to profess, as the Internet experience inside is decent, one computer in five is dedicated to ING business ONLY.. the rest are first come, first squat...

ah yes, the squatters - and the lack of real order as to who gets on, who must hop off... an "honor" system in this town requires a sheriff of ninjac ability..

why not institue a 30 minute timeclock? why not let people who actually give you real business have some priority??

These are mere trifles, my iNG darling - I dont want to upset you!! I don't - please leave my lovely homes alone!

I hope when my ARMs reset, well, you'll remember this kind (of) re-view - and five stars are always a possibility
This is an excellent café and community space. I've stopped in previously, and found out as a Capital One cardholder I got a hefty discount on my beverage order!

Most recently, I was able to reserve one of the meeting rooms online, for free, and it was very easy to just walk into the meeting room when I had it reserved and use the space. They are free for a number or used, including students and volunteer/non-profit organizations.
What a cool place to get a great coffee for half the price and also get help with your account. This place also has a couple atms inside.
I hope they go out of bussiness and are replaced with a Wakanda Souvenir shop.
I'm actually a pretty big fan of this space! It's nice, quiet, approachable for small groups or just coming alone to work, and Peet's Coffee is there to fuel you! The outlets are plentiful, and if you happen to be a Capital One member, you can also get some of that stuff taken care of. I think there are also perks, but I don't have a Captial One account of any kind so I can't attest. I think the cafe is a genius idea of having a way to comply to regulations while still keeping the bank predominantly online.

If you ever need to have a meeting or just want to hang out, I can't imagine why this place wouldn't be on your list. The only caveat is that it closes quite early in relation to other cafes in the area, but it does have more seating.
I've been here a handful of times (to do work) and like it a lot. Everyone that works here is super nice and friendly. It's one of the biggest coffee shops I've been to in philly (and I've been to a lot.) There's 2 floors and the upstairs even has some private rooms to do work in. Great study spot! (I wish the chairs were a little more comfy though.) I thought the art featured upstairs is especially unique and very philly-esque. 

I've tried both an iced and hot caramel macchiato. One time I thought my drink was overly sweet and the other time it wasn't sweet enough! I'll have to try a regular coffee sometime. I haven't tried the food yet but like that they feature food from local, popular businesses. 

They also sponsored the spring rittenhouse row festival a few weeks ago... I won some cool stuff as well as some cards for free future drinks! I'll be back again soon.
This is my favorite coffee shop in the city.  I have come here dozens of times.   You will get half off crafted drinks if you pay with a Capital One card.  The drinks are fantastic and well made.  There is quite a variety of lattes and teas, etc you can choose from.  

What I like most is the inviting atmosphere of the venue.  There are many seating options available and it makes this places a fantastic spot to relax and get work done.  

The staff is very friendly and are always available to assist you should you need assistance with your capital one account.  Also the ATMs dispense in multiple denominations (including $1 bills!) so there is that convenience I appreciate.
They recently moved across the street into a newly renovated space. It is twice the size with ample seating and designated quiet spaces to work. Really impressed!
I've been coming here (to the old location) for many years, and liked it well enough. But my visit this morning, to the new location, left me very disappointed. First off, the new facility is too open and sterile -- not comfortable and homey at all. Much more like a bank, which I suppose it is. 

And then there was the service. Though I never felt the workers were very friendly here, this time I got the added slap of being overcharged for my coffee, as was the man in front of me. (He caught it; I did not, till I looked at my receipt.) 30 cents, not the end of the world, but a gut punch just the same. 

The coffee hasn't changed, so if you like Peets, you'll like it. But the place itself is a letdown. It feels like you're intruding in a bank's lobby. And if you want to stay, you have to climb the stairs to a balcony where there are seats.
This place is a remote working paradise! As many people have noted, the upstairs space is well set up for people who are working or studying. I really appreciate that the music is a reasonable volume and not too distracting. At least right now, mid-morning on a weekday, the overall volume of the cafe is not too loud at all. The staff are really friendly, and there is no pressure at all to be or become a Capital One customer. The 50% off drinks for Capital One customers is really nice though!

Only feedback is that it would be helpful if guidelines around the nooks and conference rooms upstairs were physically posted, since I wasn't sure if I was allowed to use them. It would also be great if they had ceramic cups available to reduce waste. 

Overall, really happy to have this as a remote work option in my neighborhood.
Starbucks seems to monopolize Philly and Ihope I've found a new spot, they serve Peet's Coffee.  Kind of feel Starbucks is starting to get a bit run down.  With gimmicks and bad Wifi.

I guess I got here at a good time, Happy Hour, drinks half off.  The warmed glazed cinnamon roll with walnut was good.  I got my usual coffee with three shots and settled in with the laptop to study.  It's kind of windy here in Philly but same ole same ole peeps of every flavor.
One of my go-to work environments in Center City, because of its convenient location. It has a bit of a capitalistic vibe (unsurprisngly) but if you need to concentrate, it's a polished environment with plenty of nooks to work in. If you want more sunshine and people-watching, choose the first floor. For more space and some study rooms, check out the second floor. The coffee here is Peet's and you get a discount if you have a Capital One card. I'm not a coffee snob so I come here more for the environment than the coffee, but I do really like the golden turmeric latte.
Love this cafe!! They have excellent Pete's coffee and tea and the best yet it is 50% off if you use your captial one card. Thanks capital one, i love it :). This is my new go to coffee spot. They have wifi, a ton of outlets for your phone/laptop and an excellent location for people watching.
How did it take me so long to realize how great this place is for capital one credit card holders? They have a Petes coffee there. If you pay with a capital one credit card then you get half off of your coffee drinks! So great to get a latte for like $2 bucks! The coffee is really good also. Great location. Only negative is it isn't open on Sunday's!
