Takeout: Eggplant and cauliflower soup and Tuna Tartare. Both were a great dinner that night. The gentleman at the bar who took my order was professional, prompt and personable.
I sat at the bar and had a enjoyable beer while waiting. Seating was comfortable and the atmosphere was pleasant. 

My order was packaged well, surviving a 20 minute walk and a train ride  back to the burbs. Solid choice for takeout!
This place has not improved since I visited here years ago.  I remember eating here in 2003 and my impression at the time was overpriced, mediocre food with sub-par service.

Eight years later, I decided to give this place a second chance.  My friends and I didn't even get to sample the food, because we were disgusted by the terrible service.  

We arrived and were seated promptly by the hostess.   We sat patiently for ten minutes, yet no one came by to say hello.  We did, however, see our supposed waitress visit other tables while completely ignoring us.  Fifteen minutes after our arrival, a gentleman delivered small plates; however, no bread or water.  Meanwhile, our "waitress" cheerily visited the table next to us to ask them if they wanted anything--again, she ignored us completely.  

It was only when we stood up to leave that our "waitress" acknowledged our existences.  She gave us a perfunctory "Oh, you're leaving?  We're so busy--I'm so sorry" in a completely unapologetic fashion.  I looked around at the empty tables in the room, shrugged, and walked out.  I will never enter this establishment again, and will gladly encourage others to avoid this place as well.
This review is actually not about the food, which I've heard is actually good.

This review is based on my experience there today.  My parents and I were enjoying an afternoon around Center City and decided we would try Caribou Cafe because we love french food.  Sure, the dishes are generic bistro style food, but we thought it would at least be worth a try.  

We walk in and NO ONE greets us.  A server from behind the bar makes a hand movement to us and very awkwardly leads us to one of the booths.  Before we even sit down, he plops down the menus and walks away.  What?!  

This was our cue to get the heck out of there, which we did.  A place that won't properly greet their guests and seat them in a cordial manner is not worth taking a chance on.  Besides that, it felt dark and gloomy.  The servers and the customers just looked so sad.  

I was so happy we left.  We went to another restaurant a block away and were greeted with a warm reception and excellent food.  I didn't think such places existed like this anymore.  

Too bad I'll never be back to try the food.
Caribou has all the makings of the perfect quaint Parisian bistro. I've dined here multiple time over the last year and been very satisfied by the atmosphere it presents (aside from its managerial choices). On my last visit I had an extremely underwhelming meal followed by a creme brulee that was more like icy vanilla pudding. I mentioned the mistake to my server, who brushed my comment aside as if it was too much for him to bare, and then gossiped with the manager who shrugged by giving me nothing but a miserable frown and pulling on her hair. Based on service alone my husband and I will never be back, which is unfortunate becaus most of the time the food is very enjoyable.
wa-wa-we-wa this place is beautiful! Went last night for a glass of wine and had a great time. The atmosphere was unbeatable and the live music was so much fun. Though the music was a bit loud at some times and we couldn't hear conversations at our own table, it was alright with me. I spent a long time just admiring the decor which felt like an Andy Warhol gallery. Would come back again for sure!
First off - Ambiance is great- would that the food was as memorable.

Scratch that - the food was memorable- we remember our disappointment.

We stopped in after work for Happy hour and some Chimay- for a snack- we ordered the sliders. (sadly, there is little meat/tasty bits inside the not so fresh brioche)  

What happened to the previous simple servings on French bread/toast from some time back?

Then the overpriced Chimay- 10.00 per glass?!? Served by a bartender that was, well out of it (to put it kindly) - as it seemed he'd had a few Chimay himself!

We pushed our luck and ordered profiterole to be shared. The chocolate sauce and ice cream were each fine but the chaux was, well "older" and neither light nor airy.

all told-

60 smackers poorly spent on overpriced beer and a rather unhappy happy hour.

This was a much better experience several years ago. 

Not to be totally negative, Caribu has wonderful, clean, well appointed bathrooms!  Which, in our view are great place to sneak in and eat a WaWa hoagie- which is a better taste and a value at 5.00...You may still then have cash enough to pay for another overpriced, poorly cooked Carubu serving of average tasting haute cuisine.

Que s'est-il passé, Caribou?
My husband and I stopped by after dinner at Bindi because we wanted a drink and to get out of the cold.  We should have stayed in the cold.

Way too many lights.  And the bartenders seemed annoyed with us.  I didn't realize ordering a beer and a crappy $11 glass of wine was a problem.  

I'm sure we will find way better places to hang out.
Well, I went back for sure, and this time was a bit disappointed in the attitude of the staff. When I came in I immediately felt the disapproving eyes of servers who were wary of me. As I've often pointed out this usually comes from how I appear (casually dressed) or from the fact that they don't want to serve a table of one.

I was seated upstairs and a blonde waitress with glasses passed me by numerous times before finally saying "I'll be right with you!" It was obviously her section, but then a male waiter who seemed to keep coming upstairs from down in his own section for no reason but to wait on *me* served me for the remainder of the night.

However even though he did, she kept stopping to inquire about how things were going, to the point where both of them were doing it and it got kind of annoying. At one point he set down my entree and no more than twenty seconds after he walked away she appeared: "How is everything so far?" "Uh, he *just* set it down..." I replied.

The bottom line was that her section was not that busy really, so I get the impression that she didn't want to be bothered to deal with a one-top. Kind of insulting.
Food: Inconsistent
Drinks: Interesting cocktails, good beers
Service: Pleasant

We went for a night out with some friends and so I was able to sample everyone's dinner and drinks. The most dissapointing meal was my own. My entre was the spinach pasta with goat cheese, asparagus, and mushrooms. It was bland and there were only a teaspoon of goat cheese and no sauce or seasoning to speak of. It is the kind of pasta dish I would make at home and then think "what was I thinking, this has no flavor?!" 
The duck, pork cheeks and steak were all passable. The bread pudding was yummy. 
WARNING: The "traditional vanilla" creme brulee is lemon flavored.

Overall this place was a dissapointment. I didn't feel we had a truly excellent meal for the money.
I never got the whole thing with people being ga-ga-ed out by all things Parisian or French but I do love this place! I have not been here for happy hour (need to change that), but I have found my way here when the queer bars in the Gayborhood start to feel tedious and same old, same old. 

First, this place is just plain attractive. Beautiful old wooden bar with a decent number of 2 tops by the window for the ultimate people watching. Because I love Philly architecture, antiques and all things vintage (forget the abominable 'mid century modern') this place is a natural for me to want to go to.  

Second, the drinks are serious. Nothing like the watered down, sugar syrupy sips you get at Sampan's happy hour. The cocktails here will have you on your butt if you irresponsibly drink more than 2. 

Third, the food is very good. The first time I went here, it was to escape the awfulness of Toasted Walnut. Since I was planning to be drinking for awhile, food seemed to be a wise thing to think about. I had the very good peasant board (cheese and charcuterie), later the thin pizza flammenkuche and later still, the wonderful frites. There is nothing innovative or trendy on the menu-no foams, crispy brussels sprouts apps or avocado parfaits-just good, solid bistro food like steak frites and onion soup.

Service was very prompt, informative and pleasant. Even though I managed to get quite tipsy (but still well behaved) on my first visit, there was not a moment where I felt any hint of being unwelcome nor was I rushed out with an early check or that get the eff out broad hint every 5 minutes of "do you need anything else?!"

I've been back many times, both alone and in company, since my first intemperate evening there and not once have I even considered changing my rating of 5 stars to anything less. 

For comfortable surroundings, strong drinks and a warm feeling of welcome, you won't ever go wrong at Caribou Cafe.
The name of this restaurant always made me think dark lodge with moose heads on the walls. Still, I wanted to check it out and I finally got my chance. It was later in the evening, when most places either stop selling food and close for the night or break out the bar menus for the night owls. We walked in and asked a server if it would be possible to get two orders of French onion soup at the bar, and after checking with the kitchen she confirmed that we could. The restaurant was cute and French and nothing like I'd imagined it would be. 

There were some deliciously crunchy peanuts in glass jars across the bar, which was nice since bar snacks are hard to come by these days. Our bartender was sweet and helpful. The soup was generously portioned and had loads of cheese, but something was missing in the broth. It wasn't overly flavorful, and I probably would have sprinkled some salt, had they not already dumped their shakers for the night. 

I'm glad I finally got to check Caribou Cafe out and I'd like to discover what else is on the menu.
I absolutely love this restaurant.  I forget about it sometimes, and then when I go back, I fall in love again.  the food is truly authentic french bistro fare, each dish simple, yet with exquisite flavors.  try to sit downstairs or outside.  i feel like I'm in sibera upstairs.
Man, was this place a disapointment. While it's beautiful inside and has great outdoor seating, this is a place I'll go back to only for drinks. 

I went last Saturday for brunch with a girlfriend to discover that while they do, as advertised, serve brunch, they don't open until 11:30PM, a negative for folks who are trying to have a productive weekend day. Of course, nothing else in the neighborhood was open yet, either (we checked). I guess the Gayborhood parties too hard on Friday to get up before noon on Saturday. We waited around, and snagged a good outdoor spot, prime for people watching. 

The food, however, was just "meh." For $11 I got a salad which was a small pile of baby spinach, dressed in something unidentifiable (it was NOT reminiscent of berries, as claimed) tossed with spiced peanuts. Peanuts! Alongside of which was a medium piece of baguette toast topped with melted goat cheese. I love goat cheese, so that was all good, but for $11, I expect something more exciting, and larger, from a salad. I had to eat half of my friends brunch.

She ordered Eggs Florentine, which came out curious. One tiny little egg on one half of an English muffin, and a small piece of steak on the other half, both topped with a foamy, not-lemony, hollandaise. Hmmm. Again, not terrible, just not anything to write home about. And something was off with our $7 bloody mary's. Too small, too much horseradish, to much Worcestershire,, and not enough freaking hot sauce. The garnish was nice, but I would have been happier if they had also had some dill pickles in the house.
I remembered eating at this place years ago when visiting Philly and it was a great experience.  Now that we live here, we happened to be in the neighborhood one Friday evening and decided to stop by again.  The place was virtually empty while the surrounding neighborhood restaurants were packed.  At first we thought that was great, but looking back we should've taken it as an omen.  Disappointing place.  The wait staff were unresponsive and looked like they had better places to be.  Chicken was overpriced, undercooked, and when we brought it to the attention of our waitress, she acted like she wasn't really sure what to do.  This is the kind of restaurant that gives you false expectations with their cool and romantic decor, hand-written bistro signage, soft lighting and French feeling... only to fail  in meeting your expectations with their ho-hum service and mediocre food.  Boo.  The high point of the evening was when the Jazz duo began to play, as the music helped us take our minds off the bad décision we had made in eating here.  The beer helped too.  If you decide to stop here, I recommend grabbing a beer, drinking it, and moving on.
I try to eat here whenever in town.  Walking in, the decor and ambiance is just what you would expect for a French bistro, and the seating is comfortable and varied, not so tightly packed as to make for screaming matches with your dinner guests.  

The menu isn't extensive, but everything I've ever had has been perfect.  A frisee salad with lardon and egg - warm, lovely bite of vinegar against the smooth texture of the egg yolk.  Friday night a pepper crusted tuna, on a nice bed of cabbage; the moules frites are perfect, as has been a hangar steak.  How about a crepe for desert, with salted caramel?  Service is attentive and professional without being cloying, and wine list too is reasonable and well done.  A crisp bottle of French white from the Loire Valley, two Frisee salads, the tuna and moules, with a crepe - including tip, about $200.

Simply put, if you like simple French food, prepared well in a warm, comfortable cafe setting, then you should eat here.
The only thing earning this place a second star is the food, which is amazing... but not good enough to make up for the shoddy service. 

I went for brunch here today with 3 other people. The place wasn't all that busy but the waitress was one of the most inattentive I've ever encountered. She would disappear and not reappear for long periods of time and when she was out on the floor she never even glanced over at our table as I attempted to stare her down for some bread to go with my soup. When asked for refills on water she acted like we were really putting her out. 

Then they (I don't know who exactly was responsible for the error) brought the wrong dessert order -- an easy fix unless you've ordered a souffle. They take a while to make and so one of our party received her dessert long after the rest of us had finished ours. Not only was the order wrong but when we pointed it out we received a huffy response from the food runner -- rude.  Caribou gave us the souffle for free but that doesn't really serve to make up for the additional 20-25 minutes of our lives spent waiting for our food. Time that, unfortunately, we will never get back.

Finally, when we calculated the bill we had not given the correct amount of money. The attitude of the server was pretty rude... she snottily asked 2 times, "Yeah, were you aware you still owe $5.67?" Um, yeah... we just thought we would short you and see if you noticed - stupid. You could have been a million times more polite about it. 

For what we paid to eat brunch the service was abysmal. I've had better at the Waffle House.
I have been wanting to try Caribou Cafe for sometime now. I enjoy French bistro food and I saw the owner win an episode on Chopped several years ago. Finally went on a beautiful summer July evening.

The restaurant is really nice with classic French charm. We sat outside and it was very pleasant. We had the muscles to share as an appetizer. I had the steak frites as my main. Both dishes were excellent. Caribou serves homemade bread and that was also delicious. They have a nice selection of beers and French wines of course. Service was great. Will definitely return.
I got the Choucroute for which the description was 'pork sausage and pork over sauerkraut'. What it turned out to be was 2 hot dogs -  part pork and part beef. Needless to say it was terrible, and at 19$ quite overpriced. Maybe it was my bad luck to choose the worst thing on the menu, but when my wife got the crepe caramel which they also abundantly covered with powder sugar, I realized that it was not over yet -- it was beyond sweet, almost like a sugar perfusion. 
Service was OK, although they didn't make much effort. 
Otherwise the place looked good, nice setting, good ambiance. Food is crap and way overpriced.
Caribou Cafe is one of my regular haunts during the spring and summer months.  I almost hate to write about it for fear the the porch would get more crowded than it already does on Friday nights.  It's got a nice open atmosphere, (mostly) friendly wait staff, good French food, live entertainment on weekends and a descent wine list.  Oh, and me on a fair number of Friday nights.

They have a descent beer list - to include one of my favorite summer bottled swills... Lancaster Strawberry Wheat.  But normally I set up with the wine and Pellegrino.  I don't see it on their menu - but there is a halfway descent Malbec there - and I favor their house Pino.  

The wait staff will say their Skate Wing is their signature dish - but to be honest I'm not a fan.  Skate should be light - and theirs is smothered in an over-heavy sauce.  I also hate their bread.  Other than that, though, it is hard to go wrong.  

If you sit down at a table ask for the bar menu in addition to the lunch or dinner menu or you'll miss out on half teh selections - including the Fromages du Jour (which I assume means cheeses on a plate) and the glory of honey soaked nuts and cheese.

They have a good burger... and the Croque-Monsieur makes for a slammin' lunch.  But I think the star on the menu is usually in the specials - which right now includes a salmon dish that made heads turn as people walked past.
Recently went to Caribou Cafe for the first time. I had heard a lot of good things about the place for a while, most of which were good. I don't know though. While the french onion soup was good, my salad left a lot to be desired. And the salmon was nothing memorable. Overall I thought the food was mediocre. Service was nice. And while outdoor dining is pleasant, I face nothing but a busy intersection in Center City. Take it of leave it.
I went to Caribou Cafe for lunch while in Philadelphia for the weekend. Nice atmosphere especially the outdoor seating with great people watching. If it weren't for that, it would have gotten only 1 star. 

Service was slow and our waitress seemed slightly bothered by our presence. The food was horrible. I ordered the quiche of the day, ham and Swiss, generally a good choice at a French bistro. Not that day at Caribou. The crust was burnt and the ham settled at the bottom. This quiche was a far cry from the quiche I had on a recent trip to Paris. 

Stop by on a nice day for a glass of wine, but go somewhere else for lunch or dinner.
I've been to Caribou twice now, once for drinks with colleagues after work, and once for a lunch with a meeting agenda attached to it.  I am no expert on French cuisine, but I don't think you have to be to get a feel for (or enjoy) a place like Caribou, which I feel is much more accessible than other french bistro-type restaurants.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS AND LAYOUT:
The facade of Caribou has some noticeable French style cues, and is pretty easy to locate, it's right there on Walnut and usually has people hanging outside in the warmer months.  Inside, the lighting and furnishings give a warm yellowish glow to the place (Alexandra T. says it was dingy, but that it added character-- a very accurate statement).  Tables are small and packed in, just like a traditional bistro, there is a bar downstairs, along with more open seating, and then additional seating upstairs, where it is a bit quieter and more intimate...good for dates and small get-togethers, but just OK for meetings (lighting and writing space isn't suited for it, but then again, that's not why we go to restaurants).

THE FOOD:
Is very good, it tastes authentic enough, it's presented very nicely and it comes out relatively quick.  I need to explore a bit more and expand my horizons, but I was very happy with what I got, but since I forget it's name and know 0 french, I won't even attempt to name it.  It is all a little pricey, it's not killer, but it was a couple bucks extra than what I had been expecting.  They do offer a very good variety of drinks, many of them rare, almost all of them are expensive as well.  

THE SERVICE:
I suppose it had something to do with showing up with so many people that one day after work, we had a good 15 or so people with no prior reservation, but I felt like the host was being a dick, his sarcasm and exasperation was hard not to notice...I'm not going to sit here on a high horse and say every person in the restaruant business needs to be super nice to everyone (we all know there is a vast majority of ignorant, absent-minded customers out there), but I think shitty attitudes can kill the experience, so it should be any host or waitor or bartenders top priority to keep it happy and positive.

THE VERDICT:
Excellent.  I wouldn't make this my new hangout, but at least now I know that if I'm in the area and I'm looking for a stylish french bistro, there is no guesswork to involve-- the answer is Caribou.  Definately worth checking out for lunch, dinner or drinks, I look forward to going back and exploring the menu a little more.
I'd like to preface this by saying that I'm both a culinary snob and regular at Caribou. And, I think some of the other reviewers are a bit harsh on the old Caribou. There are lots of mixed reviews of this place and I can understand why. In responding to this I want to touch on four things: The food, the prices, the atmosphere, and drinks.

The food while good, is not stellar. It's not Lebec Fin, it's not Parc, it's not even Bistro St Tropez. What you get at Caribou is simple bare bones French soup kitchen food. It's generally very subtle, made with fresh, high quality ingredients, and changes seasonally. Nothing on their menu is offensive, bold, or modern. It's perfect for a group of people with many different palates. 

The prices are to be expected for a center city restaurant on Walnut st. Sure, the food is very simple and perhaps bland to some, but you are getting very nice cuts of meat and fish. And, many of the entrees are actually a bargain. The duck or the choucroute (a selection of sausages cooked in dutch oven) for instance, are always delicious and well priced. During happy hour sliders are $3 each and wine is $4 a glass (cheap). 

The atmosphere is some of the most comfortable and soothing in center city. Perfect for having cocktails with a group of friends or an intimate night with your better half. But, there is one important thing to note about Caribou - it's right next to the Forrest Theatre. When the theatre lets out Caribou gets mobbed, and the service is sure to suck when that happens.

The drinks and cocktails are awesome. They have great beers and wines and make great St Germain cocktails (my favorite). The bar has really tasty peanuts on hand that go great with a beer or red wine. 

I think that many of the negative comments are fair. But, for all this Caribou is a great place and worth visiting again and again.
Downgraded to 2 stars. Went to theater the other nite. Reservations for 5 so they knew we were coming. There was a ceiling fan going, on high, which we had to ask them to turn down. WTF? Food was not hot when served but rather tepid. Fries looked good, served in an attractive round silver container. Not hot, though! If you have special requests like, not a lotta sauce or something on the side...........
Fogettaboutit!!!!!!!! But the bill was tallied correctly and rather high.
Pfffft. This place sucked. 

The inside was small and tight. Menu was limited and nothing really appealed. Very pricey too. The only saving grace was the beer selection, which was conveniently priced at 8 dollars a beer. I won't be going back.
I went here with friends for restaurant and was quite disappointed.  The food was average, the staff was indifferent & we waited too long for our food. The restaurant was virtually empty, yet we waited almost 30 min for our meal to arrive. Seeing as though it was a 3 course lunch for restaurant week, needless to say, we were late returning to work.
I never leave restaurant posts. But I'm so aggravated I feel the need to do so now. 

I'm all for new experiences, but this one takes the cake. Went in and sat at the bar after a long day at work, figuring I'd get a glass of wine and some great steak frites. Seeing the employees with white aprons on, just lounging about in the dining area, should've been a red flag for me about the caliber of service and the level of professionalism one should expect here. I ordered my wine and steak frites, then sipped my wine and hung out. And hung out. And hung out. 40 minutes later, without anyone even checking on me, the bartender Chris finally returned to his post at the bar, giving me a much awaited opportunity to ask about the status of the steak frites I had ordered. With a blank expression, he simply said "I forgot to put the order in".  No profuse apologies, nada. He simply asked if I wanted him to put the order in now, but it was now 10:30pm and the place closes at 11pm, so wtf?!?! I said no, it was too late. He didn't get the manager. No suggestion that he might comp me the glass of wine since I sat for 40 minutes and never got any dinner.  Just gave me a check for the glass of wine. My only recourse was to pay the bill and just not leave a tip. For the first time in my life, I left no tip. Zero. And I'm a guy that finds 15% tips an insult, 20% is my minimum.  I can only recommend the place if you are on a peculiar type of diet whereby you order food, but eat nothing.
I am in town in Philadelphia for work and usually like to venture out to find local eateries.  So, coming back from a quick walk to the Independence Hall Mall, I headed down Walnut, and this place caught my attention.  

On the menu outside, the words "pate" and "escargot", which I am a fan of both, caught my eyes.  Ok..."let's give it a try", I thought.

To start with, the service.  I walked in.  No one to seat you.  No one approached me about taking a seat.  And the servers are just standing around.  I thought...OK...Let me reach out.  I went up to a server at the bar, and I inquired whether they serve food at the bar.  With a brisk "Yes" as a  response...I decided to take a seat.

To start with, the wine.  Which is the reason why they earned a second star (that and the ambiance...).  It was GREAT merlot.  Been a while since I have had a great glass of merlot.

So for food, I opted for the escargot as an app, followed by the seafood crepe.

Escargot...sadly enough...was a bit subpar in my opinion.  It came out of the shell and served on a toasted mini pouch breading that was burnt.  And not much to taste but the creme sauce.

The crepe.  Seems like the same sauce that was on the escargot was on the crepe.  And I have had my fair share of great crepes.  This one was probably one of the "fishiest" dishes that I didn't care to finish.  Let's put it this way, I ate more of the side salad that came with it than the crepe itself.

Quite disappointing.
Dined al fresco for lunch, so lovely! The grilled salad was huge, delicious and well-dressed-- everything a good salad should be. Half a head of iceberg grilled and topped with portabella mushrooms, pears, onions and figs. Would definitely recommend as a safe bet for this restaurant which seems to have some seriously wavering reviews!
I despise this place with a passion!!!
WORST SERVICE EVER
 A few years back I had gone here on a semi-regular basis and thought the menu was great as well as the wine....WELL, that all changed after my last visit.
First, the menu had changed and didn't have many vegetarian options, but hey, this is a french restaurant so I considered that not unusual and scanned the new menu.  The only entree that offered hope was "pasta of the day"...usually this is the lame cop-out they offer vegetarians so I decided to ask the waitress about it.  She described the pasta as having a list of multiple veggies including "bruschetta": I figured "great! nothing like diced, seasoned tomatoes to add a nice touch."  Boy, was she wrong.  What she had meant to say was "proscuitto" but had pronounced it wrong.  When my pasta came out and I took a big ole' bite, I tasted something I hadn't had in a very long time....PORK! Not happy : (   
Soooo, when the waitress returned to ask how our food was I nicely explained the dilema (without even pointing out she had totally mispronounced proscuitto, hence the issue).  She was extremely rude, asked me what else I wanted, so I had no choice but to order a tomato soup and a side of asparagus.  Both were unseasoned and bland.  
So, this is where it gets really bad....are you ready? because this moment captures the worst service I've EVER received in a restaurant:  she brings out the bill with both the sides (fine) AND the uneaten pasta.  Still making an attempt to be civil I explain that I hadn't eaten the pasta and it wasn't what was described to me so she rolls her eyes, turns her back and returns with her manager who BRINGS THE PASTA IN A TAKE-OUT BAG and says "I'm sure your boyfriend would like to eat it"  I was in complete and utter shock, this did not just happen! I was so insulted that we just paid the bill and left (with said pasta sitting on the table)....my husband is a carnivore, but had eaten fish for dinner so this was just flat-out stupid assumption and extremely insulting, what? Did you think we were trying to pull a fast one?  The pasta was totally untouched, and your server didn't know how to pronounce proscuitto and that's MY FAULT?!!  Come on, how are you a manager when you don't know how to treat your customers?  Was I supposed to raise my voice and become insulting for you to do your job right?
NEVER AGAIN will I step foot into this establishment, in fact, I get so pissed every time I think about how badly we were mistreated there it makes me totally angry all over again....hence the review written years later because I have yet to get over it!
Delicious food, especially the egg pasta special, but service was inattentive and slow enough that we won't go back.
Went here with my mother & boyfriend a few weeks back - this time for dinner. The hostess made us wait by the door for an awkward 4 - 5 mins to wait for our table. Aside from the fact it was uncomfortable, one of our group uses a cane and can't stand for long periods of time. When I asked the hostess to seat us again, she said she was waiting to give us tabe that was currently occupied for four individuals still drinking their after dinner wine. Not sure what the hostess was thinking.  A second later our waiter seats us upstairs. 
I order a duck salad, my boyfriend orders a caesar salad and my mom orders a salad as well. My duck was basically all fat and looked far from appetizing. The other meals were mediocre and the caesar salad tasted off. 
Our waiter was friendly but when we left we received no thank yous or goodbyes. Waste of money and time.
Spent an rare afternoon by myself here, drinking far too much rose Champagne and waiting for the dinner menu to kick in at five to order what I really wanted. 

Its fabulously annoying that the kitchen here won't make you one single item off the dinner menu at 4:35 p.m. on a Saturday.  What kind of backasswards policy is that?   

I get it, there is prep to be done to be ready for Sat. night, but get your shit together, please.  You are in a competitive business. 

That said, after waiting for forty minutes, I received a steak tartare that was

a.  massive.  prob. twelve ounces of raw filet
b. mad tasty. 
c. accompanied by heaps of aioli, frites, and salad. 

The bartender bought me two glasses of bubbles and made polite conversation when I set down my novel for a few minutes. 

Dumb policies vs. respectable bistro food + intelligent service.
Nice French Bistro it was very French with posters, champagne, Pear William etc We sat at the bar wanting to rest our legs after a long walk. The bartender was friendly he provided the beer list which featured many types but there were some Belgian beer I never even heard of. Saison Dupont, a Farmhouse beer that was certainly interesting. The large bottle came with a corked stopper. It was balanced and light made it a great beer for the hot summer day. The place was not too crowded great atmosphere we felt like we were in Paris somewhere while sipping the beer.
The food is hit or miss. It can be 4 stars but that's rare, usually a 3. What's more off-putting, the servers are horribly rude! We were told, "if you haven't noticed, there are people waiting half an hour to eat here." But really 1/3 of the tables were empty and no one was waiting. This was the second and last time I walked out.
Service, ambiance, price, and food = all 5 stars. Tried their peasant board, onion and bacon thin pizza, moules frites, cafe gourmand, and creme brulee. They were all really good and the portion sizes were perfect. Would love to come back here and try other dishes. We went during happy hour so the wine was also only $5!
My friend and I visited Caribou Cafe during restaurant week and were really impressed!
First course we got escargot which was done really well. The sauce served with it was especially delicious. The entree was excellent-salmon Wellington. I don't think they have it on their regular menu but they really should because it was delicious. The sauce and the mushrooms inside the pastry were really good. It was a very unique dish that we both loved. 
Dessert was just ok. Kinda disappointing for a French place but it was alright. The meal more than made up for it. 
Our food here was very good and I'd definitely return when it isn't restaurant week.
Mediocre Food.  Bad service, 1 menu for six people. Table water - LUKEWARM. Had to ask 2x for refills.  Same for bread(bread was actually good).
How do you keep them from charging 18% on a party of 6 or more, and then give you poor service.    So maybe we had a bad waiter....Bill was over $450 and they charged us $1.50 for ice cubes in a vodka(on the $1.50) rocks. We should have complained.  Venting here so the next guy can take precautions- bring your own ice!
Went there last night for a change of pace,and seeing as I hadn't been there in quite sometime I went along with the suggestion.

We sat at the bar where the service was friendly and attentive.

The food however was a disgrace.

My companion started off with the Trout salad which was presented nicely, but I could see that the frisee' was tinged with brown edges from 2ft. away. It was judges to be "ehh.." I declined to sample it. If I can see obviously old and brown frisee' on the plate, I am not trusting your judgement on the freshness of your fish.

The Specials board was uninspiring.  I do recall something about roasted red peppers in cream sauce ( this is French?) and a listless offering of - Pan Fried Tilapia !? - Tilapia it's the new white meat - BORING!

We both ordered the Steak Frites/Onglet. We both received about a 5oz. portion of  hanger steak( that hadn't been given the proper rest it needed after grilling) that was absolutely swimming in a vile "shallot sauce" that reminded me off what you might expect if you were to attempt to thicken the Great Salt Lake with a mound of beurre manie the size of Everest. Floury,pasty,gummy salty, merde. Not a hint of shallot or herbs and no discernible red wine to be found. I suspect it was made with Beef base, and I mean the kind that comes in little cans.( ala Michael Jackson.)

And the frites?  - They were FROZEN Lamb's/McCains beer battered abominations!  WTF?

Bartender was great. Food sucked. 

Hire some real help who knows how to cook with some feeling and some passion and stop promoting your illegal yet hard working Mexicans ex dishwashers to jobs they have no feel for or comprehension of.
I passed by here on my way to the convention center. The Chimay sign hanging on the outside of this bistro caught my eye. (I adore Chimay beer.) So I returned in the evening for a meal. It was excellent.

Bread: looks bland but is just right.
Beers: great selection, not too pricey for imports.
Steak: the onglet is delicious.
Fries: I was initially scared because they looked like Burger King fries (that weird, bubbly, crispy exterior) but they were good. Not excellent, but good.
Creme Brulee: very good creme but too cold (it was delivered within about 2 minutes of ordering, so it didn't have enough time to warm to room temp).

Our waitress was wonderful. I like the decor and the bathroom was really nice. Definitely go. It's worth the price (which is reasonable for the quality).
I always used to meet the nicest random people here, and it was a good place for an out of towner on business to hang out, swill coffee, and see something other than people in ties or the inside of a hotel room.  Very pleasant place with good coffee and decent food if you're peckish.  Center City is of course a hanger-outer's paradise itself.
We went for a nice dinner before a show.  The staff was friendly but the service was slow. Our water glasses were never refilled .  Our food was nothing special. every thing was bland . My rare steak was well done. Other tables were complaining  about not getting their food at all. I won't go again
awful :/, Every two months or so I make a trip down to Philadelphia from Jersey City because I love the restaurants and think Philly is such a foodie-centric city.Caribou was one of my favorites from years ago but I admittedly stayed away for the past few years because of a bad meal.   After watching an episode of Chopped where the chef  Oliver won I decided maybe it was time to give this place another shot, after all the atmosphere is as close to sitting in a restaurant in Paris your going t get in Philly. To start we were pleasantly greeted by a very friendly wait staff.  We were promptly sat and presented with the wine menu.  For this meal we ordered a bottle of chardonnay. Although our waiter was very friendly and attentive his one mistake which is a pet Peeve of mine is he put the cork back in the bottle after opening it.  Simple enough mistake to overlook though.  For our meal we decided to keep it light and ordered two french onion soups for an appetizer, The cheese was perfectly crisped however the broth had no taste and was seasoned so bland I actually had to add salt to a French Onions Soup!  For our entree's we ordered Steak Tar tar and the Duck Comfit salad.  The steak tar tar was the absolute worst I've ever had, the consistency was slimy, it was under seasoned, and the quality of the meat seemed to be equal to 80 percent ground chuck.  I rarely ever say this but the meal was inedible. The Duck Comfit was confusing, the duck it self was overly salted (maybe that's where the salt from the French Onion Soup went.) however the greens were dressed nicely and the vinaigrette was pleasant. Still hungry and unfulfilled from our meal so far we decided to be adventurous and order dessert, We both ordered ALA MODE, the apple Tart Tatin which was dry and boring and the Crêpe Bretonne with salted caramel which was actually very good, the caramel sauce was velvety and tasty.   To conclude the wait staff was great, friendly and attentive, the atmosphere was everything you would want for a cute french bistro, that jazz band was on point, but for a 200 meal in Philly this place gets a  thumbs down for the food.
What a disappointment! The place has always looked so intriguing and inviting, so I went in enthusiastically, despite the negative reviews from friends and yelp. 

I ordered the onion soup--BLAND!!! The broth was not dark enough, and it lacked overall taste. It looked like clam juice onion soup. 

I ordered the fish dumpling--which is basically fish cake in red pepper sauce--CAME OUT SO LATE we ended up getting desert on the house! 

I ordered a side of fries, which may as well have come from McDONALD'S!

I order the goat cheese (with figs and potato) salad---this was the TOLERABLE dish of the night, even though it had a very strong garlic sauce. 

Upside down apple tart with ice cream for dessert (on the house)---there was something bitter about the apple tart, almost as if it had burned a little. It was also very apple sauce-y. The accompanying vanilla ice cream was good. 

DISAPPOINTING ALL AROUND!
See the fries in the pic?  Do they appear properly cooked?  Is there even a hint of golden brownness?  Mine were like that too except for the black chunks of fryer debris stuck to a couple of them.  And I do not say this lightly, but hands down the lamest burger I've had in Philly.  A black streak representing caramelized onions on the top bun, a red smear on the bottom for the sundried tomato remoulade, cold-to-the-touch rare center (I'd ordered medium), grocery store quality ground beef that broke into pieces.  And no way in hell was that a nine ounce portion.
If there was such a thing as zero stars this place definitely deserves it. Came here with a friend on Wednesday for Center City Sips. The atmosphere seemed pretty nice for a French bistro setting, not as picturesque as Parc but not many places are. 

The server sat us at 1 of the small bistro tables by the front (and everyone else, it seemed), then proceeded to ignore/avoid us the rest of the time. The two waiters working at that time literally walked around us serving other tables & refilling their water glasses and somehow managed to skip us for a good 15 minutes. 

We finally got drinks, I had to literally stop a server in his tracks to place my order--2 old fashioned, they were so watered down It did not have any taste whatsoever. I sent mine back after the 1st sip. 

Unfortunately we also ordered sliders and had to stick around for those. The duck pate was passable, a bit on the watery side but the taste was alright, not quite on par with what they serve in Paris. The beef slider was less than stellar. The meat was stringy and the meat to bun ratio was way off. 

Could not wait to get out of there. They need never expect to serve me again!!
I never really liked restaurants with cafe in the title, especially if they're expensive. This place is fine, if you really need to be on 11th and Walnut then go for it. I like drinking beer on their little sidewalk perch.
Great experience during COVID. Streetside dining can be a challenge but the staff here made it easy. I felt safe and they seem to have everything under control. Lunch was really good. I enjoyed my roasted chicken breast and my friend enjoyed their salad. Hopefully indoor dining will reopen sooner than later so I can enjoy the experience inside.
Stopped by for a meal before a play next door at the Forrest, Hamilton.

We sat at the bar. Service was friendly, prompt and courteous. We sat down at ~5pm. The place was not crowded a few folks sitting by the window tables. By 545pm it was filling up.

Two glasses of white burgundy. We started by splitting escargot in puff pastry. Very tasty. Sauce was rich and creamy. Could have easily gotten another.

Mains were moules frites and a beef slider. The mussels were petite but plump and clean. Wonderful flavor with creme fraiche. The slider was a good, small burger. Nothing special.

The fries that came with both dishes were crispy warm and delicious. Clearly just made. 

We are staying in town tonite but it would be hard to beat this place right next door to the theatre, for a play nite.

One suggestion: install a bar rail for the feet. We have been to many bars and the idea of a foot rest attached to the bar is so common sense that it irks me when they do not have one. 

We will return when in the neighborhood.

Nancy & Mark.
I ordered the Caribou Cafe cheesesteak.  $19 and it comes with a side.  I ordered french fries. I guess luckily they brought me a salad.  Anyway, for this genre this is a good cheesesteak. I have learned from past cheesesteaks in this genre to take small bites which I did.  I really like the French baguette but they cut it funny and we had a little ripping issue.  The meat was very good but I think the small bikes definitely helped.  There was a fancy cheese on it that had a good flavor but there was not a lot of cheese.  The caramelized onions added a lot of flavor but took over the sandwich.  For $19 I think it should have been made with a lot more love.
I was very pleased to stumble upon this place purely by accident.  I was walking towards old city to meet up with some friends at Triumph and I had a couple hours to kill.  I went in and sat at the bar.  It's a very nice looking brasserie.  The bar seating is plentiful and the bartender was very nice.  This is a nice escape from the business of walnut st.  I ordered a glass of sauvignon which was pretty awful, it had a very thick flavor for a sauvignon.  I also didn't like the fact they had a ring on the glass to make sure the bartenders are not too generous.  I mean this seems a little bit uptight for a casual bistro.  Everyone's entitled to a healthy pour on a Tuesday afternoon.  Overall, I was pretty disappointed with the wine by the glass menu.  I ordered the duck confit with lentils, which was a nice light lunch portion of perfectly cooked duck with crispy skin and a nicely seasoned portion of lentils. This was a good dish, but I think a little overpriced ($18) for a small lunch portion.  I also tried the squash soup (I think?).  It was their soup of the day.  It was not memorable and had a very dull flavor instead of a rich flavor, probably could have used a bit more butter.  I loved the french fries they were served with some type of seasoned mayo and I could have been perfectly happy with just eating these.  The gal next to me ordered the muscles with a curry sauce.  It smelled amazing and it took everything in me not to ask her for a taste of it.  I'll have to order it next time.  They did have Guiness on tap which is always a plus.  They also seemed to have a nice selection of beer.  I only wish their wine list was as accomodating.  Overall a very good place.  I'll go back again.  This place probably deserves 3.5 stars.
Lackluster is the best way I can think to describe Caribou Cafe. Tables are packed tight but that is to be expected in this section of the city and can be easily overlooked if food and service are strong. They are not. Service was indifferent and slow. The food is institutional, I guess like a Sysco version of French bistro fare. They do have a nice selection of beer and wine. I think they use some sort of powdered cappuccino mix but their regular coffee is fine. 

Caribou Cafe is very close to the Forrest Theatre and walking distance from The Walnut. That is why we went and I would guess it is the primary way that they get any business. A captive audience is a must for this sort of restaurant.
ok, no offense to anyone, but what is up with the guy who works there with the painted on groucho marx style eyebrows and the humongous wild west mustache? i am intrigued. 
At any rate, the people watching is excellent in their outside eating area and the atmosphere is great inside as well. I have only been here for drinks, but seriously, on the drinks tip - who has wine glasses with a ring to signify the alcohol portion?  we are all adults here and if someone gets more than 2 oz. a glass the world is not going to end. So lighten up Caribou Cafe haven't you ever heard the saying, a day without wine is like a day without sunshine?
I've been here before and have never been really impressed. The food is good but the service is still inconsistent. The woman who waited on us today was extremely rude to us more than once! I will not be going back.
Happened here after a Sunday matinee at the Forrest Theater. They seemed totally surprised by the sudden influx of people. We sat down and after some general confusion the waiter came over to take our drink order. We inquired about what their quiche of the day was. His response was "I just got here and all you people were here and I'm sure someone in the kitchen has dinner specials but I don't. All i could do is 'water & bread' you." Ok, we can wait (also worth pointing out no bread yet). I ask him if they had anything kid friendly (we had a 6 yo in our party of 4). He said, "no we don't have a kids menu." I said, "no problem, do you recommend anything kid friendly?" He says "well the menu is fairy detailed." We ask about the quiche of the day, he says he doesn't know. This was the point at which I realized this guy was having a bad day and we were not helping.  

He comes back to inform us that quiche isn't served after 3pm so the quiche of the day is "no". We order. We get food. 10 minutes later they drop bread on the table. 

They never refresh drinks. They clear our plates arbitrarily. 

We can't get a check. 

We've now resorted to eating the bread because it's the only thing on the table. 

Food wasn't bad, it wasn't great. You would think being next to a theater they would staff appropriately.
Not sure why this place has so many negative reviews. Yeah, it's not Parc, but the food is more authentic-French and the place isn't as touristy. Like the atmosphere inside and has nice outdoor seating. Decent prices. Give it a try if you like French food
Great service and great food! I went for lunch with a friend on a weekday in December 2021. Wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Food was prepared in a timely manner; everything was really good! I was pleased that they were taking precautions regarding Covid-19 (prior to City mandate). You must show your vaccination card to enter. I will definitely visit again!
Food was great, but when the waiter dropped off our pat of butter and bread, there was a large brown hair, (size of a quarter), smack dab on top. As he was walking away I said, "Oh no, excuse me can you come back? Theres a hair in the butter." 
Thinking he was going to take it away and get us new butter, instead HE DUG INTO IT AND PULLED THE HAIR OUT, and said "OH! weird! There ya go!" And  walked away. 
Now the butter had his finger nails marks on it. 
My mother and I were STUNNED and just started laughing at how absurd that was. 
Needless the say we didn't dig our knife into the hairy fingernail scraped butter. The food was really great: chicken caeser salad and seafood crepe, but upon returning I think we would be concerned about cleaniness of whats happening behind the scenes, if thats the conduct in front of customers.
This place was disappointing, to say the least.

A couple of friends and I were in Philly for the Roots Picnic a couple of weeks ago and wandered into this place for breakfast before the concert. You know when you're pretty hungry and pumped for the day ahead and want something fabulous to eat as your first meal? Well all that was shattered by coming here.

The place was pretty much empty when we came in which is FINE but apparently that didn't mean much to the chef. We all ordered egg-breakfast meals and literally waited over an hour for food. WHAT. Quiche is already made and just needs to be re-heated (let's be real); Eggs benedict and an omelette don't take THAAAAAT much time to whip up either. Can you please explain what the damn problem was.

Not aii. AND we were on our way somewhere.....I can't tell you how frustrated we were. Our waiter joked at one point that we can go back in the kitchen to complain to the chef and my girlfriend was like "I WILL DO IT" as she started to stand up. It was so bad we were about to tell him to wrap up our food as he came out with the plates. Instead we just asked for the bill asap as we scarfed down our food (which was mediocre, really) and vowed to never come back here. 

Save your appetite and your lifespan.

Eat well, kids.
So I heard lots of hype that Caribou Cafe was really good and had authentic French food.  I went the other day with my boyfriend and we were very disappointed.  

PROS:
We started with the onion soup which was pretty good, but that was the best part of the night.  The atmosphere is nice, I enjoy the decor and colors.

CONS:
I ordered the boar ragu and it was not good lacked flavor and all the pasta clumped together b/c they did not cook it through.  My boyfriend ordered the Onglet a lechalote which is french cut beef with shallot sauce and fries.  The steak was cooked well but the flavor was very bland.  We were also had the creme brulee and the capaccino cheesecake which were both decent regular tasting nothing amazing.  

Don't know if we will be going back maybe if the quality of the food gets an upgrade.
3.5 stars.

I've actually been here twice now. This time I came between lunch and dinner so I got the short menu. Marissa was right about this being a meat lovers paradise. It was my fortune to discover that Caribou had what was a very tasty burger served with their version of fries and a small mixed greens salad. The burger came topped with carmelized onions and gruyere(which I had heard of but never had) and a tomato remoulade. It sounded a little weird, but holy mother of god was it good. If I hadn't been in public I would have made mmm mmm sounds. The fries were crisp and very tasty. I'm afraid to ask what kind of batter they were fried in because I"m sure it will add to my plaques(the ones on my arteries, not the walls). The salad was tasty though I"m not sure what the house dressing was exactly. 

My waiter/bartender was fairly attentive given that he was the only person for a rapidly expanding group of people, including a woman with a blue mohawk. I haven't seen hair like that since the early 80's. Anyone for a screening of Valley Girl or Repo Man? Good, bad movies, with some really good songs.

Back from the time warp. My only gripes were that it took a while to get my food once it was ordered. I'm pretty sure there are no cattle pens in the back, so they don't have that excuse. That and I hate getting charged for refills on soda when I"m paying good money for lunch/dinner=linner.
My friends and I went here for dinner and caught the last 30 minutes of sips the other day. It was such a stressful situation from the moment we sat down. It took about 15-20 minutes to place a drink order. Then our waiter rushed through the sips menu. We told him we also wanted dinner and he could care less! He didn't tell us any specials, he rushed through answering our questions, and he even looked annoyed when we needed clarification! Honestly, I would understand better if it was really busy, but it wasn't. I could see my neighboring customers looking frustrated too while they waited what seemed like forever to place an order. Also, do they give complimentary bread? Bc we didn't get that like our neighboring table. After our first round of drinks and appetizer came out, I had to ask our waitor several times for napkins. When he came with it, he then said, "oh and utensils!" When he came back FIVE minutes later with utensils, he started to put them down on my table, paused, and started retracting while asking, "do you need these?" REALLY?!?!? My dinner hasn't come out yet, but we placed the orders--of course I need them! We had so many miscommunications with our server and the staff that night, it was unbelievable. It's been a long time since I've had such terrible service. 

Foodwise--the sliders were good and the French onion soup was the best thing we ordered. Do not get the burger. We asked for medium and it came back incredibly dry. The bacon was too thick and hard to handle--it was so thick and hard to bite into  that it seemed like they forgot to slice it into thinner prices. It seriously could have gotten 10 pieces of bacon from the slab they gave you. We took 2 bites and left the rest of the burger there (I've never seen my boyfriend leave a whole burger before). The pizza was also terrible and not even fully sliced for us (is that what we get for getting pizza at a French bistro?). We also left 2/3 of the pizza behind. I had curry clams, which were decent. 

Overall, we had such a terrible experience and the food didn't make up for anything.
Very French brasserie on lower Walnut.  Will usually get varying reports on food and service ranging 3 to 10.  We've been lucky enough.  Most al day items such as eggs Benedict and juicy burger have been stellar on the occasions that we ordered them.  One patron swears that the burger is made from the legendary Charolais beef from the Burgundy region of France but management makes no such claim and I doubt it.  Cheval burger emphasizes the French owner's traditional roots.
def a more pricey venue than I'm used to, so I stuck to the basics.  the salad sounded a lot better than it was, and they actually forgot one of the ingredients to it.  for dessert i definitely recommend the profiterolles (sp?), it was amazing.  overall, I kinda hate to give this place three stars because I loved the atmosphere.  They have live music on the weekends, and all the waiters and busboys appear to have french accents i guess to maintain the theme of the restaurant.  also, they dealt quite well with our large group, not a long wait at all.  i'm going to havee to give this place another chance...so till next time.
Decent food, horrible service, high prices.  

Eggs benedict with salmon cake was just ok.  The salmon cake was very dry and boring.  The english muffins were bordering on burnt.  The single poached egg was great, but what's the deal with serving one poached egg?  They were also very skimpy with the Hollandaise, which was really runny and bland anyway.  The side salad was just plain lettuce, either incredibly lightly dressed, or no dressing at all.  The potatoes tasted like they were a week old.  The entire dish was served cold.  

The service was exceptionally bad.  After our plates were cleared, it took literally half an hour to get our check.  The waitress rudely tossed it on the table and mumbled that the tip had been added as she was walking away.  When I asked her if she could bring me change for a hundred, you'd have thought I asked her to fly to the moon.  I thanked her profusely when she brought me the change, but she didn't even crack a smile, much less say "you're welcome."  

The food was pretty spendy  for what it was...$13 for eggs benedict, but up most of the other brunch entrees were $20 or more.  Yikes.  

Not worth it.
We had 7:00 dinner reservations on a Saturday. We were seated quickly and brought menus. 

The restaurant was busy and we received sub par service. We ordered with the waiter and never saw him again until it was time to order dessert. Each course was brought out by a different server and no one checked in on us. Our water glasses sat empty and we never received bread. 

Our food was good but I've had much better at similar price points. 

This was our first time at Caribou Cafe and I'm not tempted to return.
My sister and I went to Caribou Cafe last night for dinner because she had received two gift certificates for free entrees there. We didn't know what to expect because of the mixed reviews we'd read, and after discussing what we would write about it on Yelp, I really hesitate to give this place more than two stars. 

Although the decor is quite nice and the wait staff seemed personable (our waitress was lovely), we were really disappointed in the quality of food and felt it was extremely overpriced for what it was. The wine list is decent, but again, too expensive for the quality. We started with the fennel, pear and almond soup which was actually quite good; unfortunately, the entrees were not. There are no vegetarian options at all (I knew this beforehand, but hey, free meal!), so I opted for the crab cakes. I really don't know how you can screw up crab cakes, but these were terrible. They were completely flavorless and I had to douse them with several lemon wedges to get any taste at all. The cakes weren't even properly breaded and were coated in this strange, thin, non-bread crust... it was odd. They were served with a very bland hollandaise sauce and some steamed spinach. I was very disappointed at the weak effort and high price ($27!) and have definitely made better ones at home for much less. Overall, a very boring dish. 

My sister ordered the special filet mignon, and was not thrilled about it. It was served with mashed potatoes and green beans. Although the steak was cooked perfectly and was very tender, she complained that the dish was very salty, and not worth the price. Again, we feel we could've had better if we'd made it at home. For dessert we split a creme brulee, which was decent, but nothing to scream about.  I really wouldn't recommend coming here unless you are heartset on overpaying for an uncreative, tasteless meal.
I typically don't view French food in a positive light, as my family is an "olive oil all the way" crowd, but after seeing the chef/owner of this restaurant, Olivier Desaintmartin, win on Chopped, I had to try this place. .

...And I am sure glad that I did! I've walked by here many times, but could never decide if I actually wanted to try it. They have an adorable Euro-style cafe that is open and welcomingly, along with a quaint outdoor seating section. 

I looked up the menu before I went for lunch one afternoon during work, and knew  exactly what I wanted to order: The Croque Madame, baby. If you aren't familiar, a croque madame is a Parisian grilled ham and cheese with an over-easy egg on top. It was positively delightful. Ever bite until the last was delicious. It came paired with a refreshing spring salad dressed with vinegarette on the side. 

Magnifique !

I recommend it and will certainly return to sample other dishes.
2.5 stars. Food was mediocre and overpriced for what you got. Order was lost and took more than an hour to get food.  Manager and server were apologetic, and gave us free apps.  Too little, too late.
Went here for brunch today. We had five people and no one was impressed with the food or service. The pomme frites were clearly frozen fries, the omelets were thick, tough, and over-cooked rather than light French omelets, the bread was stale, and the mussels were in an over-salted and greasy sauce. Essentially we all ordered basic French food and it was all poorly cooked and slowly served.
steak tartare was fantastic. my husband got the burger - it was large, juicy, and came with remoulade he was happy! the whole scene felt like we were transported away as if we were going back in time at a french cafe, the way I felt when I saw Midnight in Paris. next time will try the duck pate sliders. Just wish it was good weather more often for this!
I was concerned we would not like our dinner after reading some of the inconsistent reviews here. We had a show at the Kimmel to catch and at the last minute the same day, decided to eat dinner beforehand. I called many of the restaurants I am familiar with in that area and they were all booked up. I decided to try Caribou.

I had been by this restaurant for years, and never stepped foot in the place. We had a wonderful, attentive server. We had a bottle of pinot noir and the Tatin Provencal to share as an app. It was salty in a good way due to the tapenade. It was very tasty, and pretty. For an entree I had the Poulet Roti and my friend had the Truite Farcie. We were both very happy with our dinners. We ordered what they were calling the Marquis for dessert. I believe it was a special. It was a chocolate mousse type center surrounded by soaked lady fingers. It was a thin layer of this cake on its side in a raspberry sauce. It was very good. We shared it while we sipped two glasses of port.

We felt like we had a leisurely dinner, but then realized later we were in and out in an hour which is good for the theater. 

I was very happy with my server. Service was attentive. The atmosphere is warm. The bar is beautiful with the lady statues and old wood and warm lighting.

I will go here again for sure.
Oh no no, their french toast was so revolting. I still can't forgive this place because since this place, I quit ordering French Toast ever again anywhere.
Popped in for another weekend happy hour last weekend. Food and drink was solid again (lamb burger needed texture ... it was a flavorful but mushy experience, finally tried the French onion soup and that was so good my partner had to order his own bowl because splitting was no longer an option... pretty sure the cocktail special never changes or at least not on Saturdays) but I could have done without the miserable bartender/manager woman in my life and so I still can't give this place a 5 star rating. 

Sitting at the end of the bar, you hear a lot of the employee conversations and I have been a server and hostess myself (albeit a decade ago) so I am not averse to the usual complaining about the rush or some weird patron's request. But everything out of this woman's mouth was a complaint or a barked order to someone else and that's not the bartender vibe I want in my life. Maybe she was having a bad night because of the Hamilton crowd (UGH, THE HAMILTON CROWD *shakes fist*) but if I walked in and saw her alone behind the bar I would probably walk out and go somewhere else.
I am very surprised to see this restaurant have so many negative reviews. My two coworkers and I visited Caribou yesterday for lunch during restaurant week and had an incredible experience. We all ate every little crumb on our plate and left no food behind. The warm goat cheese and spinach salad was so simple and delicious! It was the perfect dish to start the meal. My coworker tried the potato leek soup and finished it so fast saying it was delicious. We all ordered the seafood crepe as our entree and that receives a 10/10. They were not stingy with the seafood portion at all. It was decadent, filling and amazing. Every bite was bursting with shrimp and crab. For dessert, we all ordered Profiterolle with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce. The presentation was adorable and it was the perfect amount. Combination of cold ice cream with a warm cream puff is always a win in my books. I highly recommend the seafood crepe!!
I am 62-years-old and this lunch, a no-choice $16 Prix Fixe lunch, was the WORST MEAL I HAVE HAD IN 30 YEARS, at home or in a restaurant, including a bowl of cold cereal eaten hurriedly over the kitchen sink for breakfast.  My friend and I both ordered the same pork chop.  His arrived momentarily before mine, and he immediately announced that it was "dry" but declined to send it back.  I would describe mine as tasting like a combination of paste, sawdust, and straw.  I tried to chew it and had to spit it out.  I sent it back and asked for something else.  I was given a plate of mussels -- fairly tasteless but at least not dried-out -- and a side order of curly fries, which they call "frites," obviously to jack up the price and give them a provenance they do not have.  In fact, they compared UNFAVORABLY to Popeye's Cajun Fries.

This is not even a "pretty" restaurant, so I cannot fathom why anyone would want to eat here: certainly not for the food, and certainly not for the ambience or view.  No, the people who eat here must be masochistic and on a suicide mission.  I am going to call L & I to see what violations can be written up with the hope of closing this "Haven of the Inedible."

Early August 2011
First time visiting this establishment. 
We had stopped in for a cup of coffee in the afternoon, asked about gluten free items on menu, we were told they could accommodate us. 
Came back to have dinner. 
My spinach salad with goat cheese came out with a regular bread piece not gluten free under the goat cheese! Waiter took it back telling us the kitchen was not listening. 
I ordered their special steak and frites. 
I have never had a steak taste like liver. 
My husbands rib eye that he asked to have sauce on the side came out with the sauce on the steak putting the frites in a puddle of bad tasting peppercorn ( I'm sure from a mix) sauce 
The steak had A LOT of fat and grizzle.  
His plate came with a half baked tomato with regular not gluten free bread crumbs swimming in the sauce. 
No one was listening to our request for gluten free. 
I don't know why the server would serve us food we specifically said we could not eat when he was taking our order. We had discussed this with him in the afternoon when we stopped in for coffee. 
This was restaurant week! This was their best effort?
Randomly picked this place on restaurant week list and oh boy. Probably my worst restaurant week experience to date. Susan the bartender was helpful but she is doing too much for a pricy establishment. She was running around waiting tables, cleaning tables, and pretty much elsewhere besides the bar. I came in, waited 10 min to be talked to with no water, another 10 to simply order and during my meal it was hard to grab anyone attention for simply salt and pepper. I almost left after getting my water because the wait time was so long. The food is mediocre and bland. Nothing to brag about as i had to add seasoning to really bring out some taste. I'm glad i didnt pay full price or bring a date here otherwise i wouldve been highly disappointed. There are some better options nearby.
We went for Brunch and it was not good at all. The waitress brought my friend an EMPTY cup when he ordered coffee.  The service was terrible. 
The french fries were obviously reheated many times. The burger was disgusting. It seems they are cutting back by buying really cheap beef. It was the lowest level is beef I have ever had.  The Chicken salad that my friend ordered came with chicken that was very dry and also obviously cook many times before. They don't even serve real Coke or Pepsi. It was some horrible no-name brand cola that tasted like medicine. It also came with no Ice.
Nice place, very friendly and helpful staff. The food was just ok.  If you are planning to bring your kids to this restaurant.... Don't. This is not a kid friendly place. My girls are under the age of 5 and we had a hard time being there with them. Fortunately we eat out a lot so they were well behaved, but there is no kid menu, so they only ate French fries and there are no kiddie cups for drinks, let alone no apple juice or forget about milk. Aside from that it is a nice place and looked like they do a lot of business, but if I go back there,it won't be with the kids. One more thing, they have an amazing remoulade sauce!! It's home made and absolutely delicious! It's like a fancy ketchup and mayonnaise mix and tastes awesome with fries!
Caribou Cafe is a chill venue with booth, bar, and table (indoor and outdoor) seating. It's clean, well-decorated, and classically French-themed, with French posters and signs like "Toilettes" and "6 RUE, CYRANO DE BERGERAC, PARIS 16eme" - oh, do I miss Paris! The bottom floor was almost full, but upstairs not so much. I was there with a group one Friday and we enjoyed live music.

Their bar is fully-stocked, with a wonderful selection of aperitifs and a healthy variety of wine and beer. Most of us ordered beer or coffee. When I asked Blair, the bartender, to get my friend a shot of the strongest stuff they had, he returned with a shot of Lucid, a traditional green absinthe ($18/shot - he was cool enough to quote the price BEFORE pouring.) Along with the obligatory sugar cube, I took the shot to my friend with glee.

Along with the bartender, the floor staff service is quick and considerate, checking up on us frequently and not rushing us at all. Recommended as a relaxing late-night spot for drinks.
The place was packed when we got there for our 7:15 dinner reservations but we quickly got a table. Apparently it's the place to go before opening curtain at the theater down the street. They have a set menu of $29 for a salad, soup of the day, entree and desert but I opted for the French onion soup, the butter fish special and the bread pudding for desert. Topped it off with a glass of Muscadet. The meal and drink cost me $55- a bit steep for me pockets. The butter fish special alone was $25. So I felt it was overpriced for what I received. 
The environment was hip and relaxed with lots of people socializing having a good time. We wound up staying well after the check was paid just sitting and talking without interruption. A little pricey but still a fantastic place!
The quick summary:  average setting, two blown orders out of six, messed up check, fair food, overpriced wine.  Not worth a return trip.

A group of us came here before going to the theater.  I will not come back.  The food wasn't bad, but it was not an enjoyable experience.

The setting is barren, boxy.  We were upstairs.  The tables and chairs were comfortable, but there was little shape to the room.

Service was slow.  Actually, spotty.  At times, the server was attentive, at times, the server was absent for very long periods.  Completely gone.  And the other staff were unable to catch our eyes or glances.

Six people, six orders.  Or so we thought, when only five orders arrived.  And one was not correct -- somehow, a hamburger became onion soup.  Not even close.

The food was okay.  Some things were quite nice.  The scallops were fair; a little bitter, an odd taste, but not bad.  The ravioli dish was nice.  The cheese plate -- nothing truly exotic, mainly off-the-shelf cheeses (Morbier, St. Andre, etc.)

We gave three credit cards so they could split the check.  One credit card was run twice, one not at all.  And the server had vanished (again); after waiting a while and getting ignored, we walked to the bar to have the billing fixed.

The wine markup was steep.  300%, by my guess.  Maybe more -- Kermit Lynch Rhone for close to $60?  Really?

The place wasn't actually *bad*, so it doesn't get a one-star rating.  But the overall experience was below average, below acceptable.  Two stars.
Quick Review- A lot of buck, not a lot of bang! The atmosphere is quite nice and I appreciated the long food and drink list. The Caribou Cafe was rather disappointing given the head chef, Olivier Desaintmartin was a Chopped winner.  Lots of seating, indoor and outdoor; with a bar/lounge area. Not my favorite French restaurant in Philadelphia. 

In Depth Review

OVERALL- Caribou Cafe located just southeast of City Hall is a French inspired cafe. The head chef is quite renowned which seemed to fit the high menu prices. However the food was some-what disappointing given the aforementioned. Altogether nothing at this restaurant really stood out to me. Most recently, went here with my girlfriend on a Tuesday night @6pm just before heading to the Walnut Street Theater.

ATMOSPHERE- The main area is large with both an upstairs, downstairs and bar area. In the summer they have outdoor seating. No music. I was very cold throughout my entire meal. The hostess, who appeared to be some type of manager and not just an entry-level job hostess was quite rude. The food came quick but so quick that we were not even half-way done our appetizers before the entrées. Even the chairs were not working for me. My chair was so low that I felt like I could rest my chin on the table. 

PRICE- A little bit much! The appetizer was my favorite part because of the taste and price. But the cocktails and wine were (standard) $10 each. Ordering the expensive drinks had me think the rest of the meal would be mind blowing but it was a bit of a let down. As for the entrées, they were also priced fairly high. These high food prices were surprising given the restaurant is not BYOB. Check was $98 for a personal pizza, onion soup, two entrées, two glasses of wine, one cocktail and two espresso's before tip. 

DRINKS- No real problems with the drinks. They had a lot of options and seemed to put effort in their drinks. I ordered the Van Gogh (vodka Absinthe). It was good but not great. My girlfriend ordered two glasses of wine at $10 each. Standard prices. The espresso was a nice meal cap. 

FOOD- This was the most disappointing part of the experience. My girlfriend ordered the onion soup. Which was mediocre at best. I feel like you should perfect onion soup if you own a French restaurant. It was bland. I love Sherry in the soup but the soup at the Caribou Cafe seemed to be absent of any.  The appetizer smoked salmon pizza was awesome! Definitely recommend that. For entrées we ordered the croque madame and seafood crêpe. They definitely fit the "butter and cream" reputation French restaurant's have. Again neither of us were too impressed. I would stick to Parc if you want the full French cafe experience.

A little disappointed at the CariBOO Cafe!
This is one of those places I've frequently passed but never gone into.

I went in for dinner and honestly everything was superb. The decor is cozy, you do get a kind of French bistro feeling even if it's a bit contrived. I asked to be seated in the quietest most out of the way area, and was accommodated completely.

My meal was an iced tea (1.95,) a Flammenkuche (9.50) - which is a kind of flatbread pizza and was HUGE -, a burger with bacon and swiss (9.50 plus 2.00 each for the toppings,) for a total with tax of $26.90.

The only thing preventing the place from getting five stars is that after I paid I decided I wanted dessert. I ordered it and asked for more iced tea, and she charged me for the iced tea again. I kind of thought that was a bit over the top considering I had already paid for iced tea once, and I had just tipped her nearly 40%. I know it's only another 1.95 but... principle I guess. (The bread pudding, by the way, was 8.50).

Pricey but worth it. I would go back for sure.
Last week I met a friend for lunch. I got there first and explained to the hostess that my friend was not doing very well and had some medical issues. She completely ignored my request for a table downstairs. I cringed my way upstairs praying that my friend did not fall down. While waiting for the table I asked a waiter which entree was the special for Wednesday. He couldn't  have run by me fast enough yelling for the bartender to help me. I told the bartender that the waiter has been rude to me before.
The music was so loud we could barely understand each other. The house salad was large and tasty, but the mussels were luke warm.
Since I like French food and the decor I keep going back hoping the service will improve. The bartender was very pleasant. Sit at the bar only!
i only hung out here once. had a cute table outside. i'll always choose the outside option. i need constant stimulation. so,people watching works just fine.service was great. our waitress was super friendly and not annoying. the environment was chill. and i wold def go back
This should sum it up...This place was basically the only restaurant in Philly that could get us in last night (Saturday). Every other place was booked up solid. This should have also been my clue to steer clear--but I didn't...

The food is actually pretty good, but the service, or lack thereof, Kills it for this place.
Shame on me for not listening to the other comments about the terrible service, but I love bistros, so wanted to try my luck...

As I said, the food is good, but our waiter, who basically ignored us the entire evening, when was present, had the attitude that he would've rather been anywhere but here. 

I asked if there were any specials and was told no, only the pasta. 10 minutes later I heard him describing a special dish with lamb, to the table behind us...Really???

We had to basically ask for everything, including our drinks, several times.

to the owner/management: before you reply to this with some politically correct and transparent apology, why not read all the other reviews on the service and actually do something about it--then you'd actually have a pretty decent restaurant.

My advice, steer clear until they sort things out.
I was confused to the actual identity of this place before I ate there, particularly because it calls itself a Cafe and really, at least by American standards, it's more of a restaurant.  Particularly in the price department, not that I'm complaining.  The food is fine French food and quite delicious.  I had a beet and goat cheese salad for the appetizer, which was so pretty as the fucia of the beet bled into the goat cheese and created this sweet pink.  Then I had the Steak Frites au Jus.  I don't eat fries that often but dipping them in au Jus is what heaven must taste like.

There isn't a whole lot I can eat on the menu because the French love stuffing loads of cream and butter into everything (which is probably a good thing to lots of other people so I can't really fault them for it).  Also, they had a Sommelier who suggested a fantastic wine pairing.  Kudos.
I went with my... pediatrician. lol. No, not my kid's doctor... MY pediatrician. lol. It was a lunchtime celebration of my 30th bday and her 30th anniversary seeing patients... I was one of her very first patients. :) I would review her, but as of this 30th anniversary, she is no longer seeing patients - a semi-retirement.

So, me.. French restaurant.. ehhh, I wouldn't have chosen it, but sure. I'm game.

I arrive around 10 minutes to 12 on a HORRIBLY rainy Tuesday and the place is virtually empty. I order my usual seltzer with lime, no ice, please and wait. Bartender Billy = A doll. Dr. Lady arrives almost immediately after me, and we are seated. Waiter Guy comes over - sans introduction - and says he must read us the specials. Neither of us got much of anything that he said. It was far too much and the delivery bored us to tears. Figs and artichokes and six other somethings piled onto a something else... uh.. no. He also called it the PRICE FIX menu. lol.

I settled on the Salade Nicoise, after Doctor Lady points out that it might not actually be a Salade Nicoise since it is served with salmon. Waiter Guy completely missed the joke. Dr. Lady ordered the omelette. Food came mighty quickly - or maybe we just were too into our conversation to notice how long it took... whatever. 

She said her food was very good, and well, I am now completely enamored with the Nicoise.

So, One star for decor... the place is beautiful...
One star for bartender and hostess...
One star for excellent food...
One star for decent pricing...
No star for waiter's personality. Sorry Waiter Guy. :(
Philadelphia's only truly french looking and tasting restaurant. It looks like a restaurant in Paris and the food is amazing!
The first two times my fiancé and I ate here it was very nice. The third time we had a craving for  bread pudding we were sat outside. And there we sat for 20-25 minutes with not one waiter asking us for our drinks or bringing us water, we stood up and left feeling very offended. 
My fiancé somehow begged me to try the place again, he loves the bread pudding. I was not happy to oblige but I did. We were sat inside and ordered the bread pudding and I ordered the cheese plate. Both were very good but the waiter we had absolutely did not care about us. He took our order and brought the food, that was the last we saw of him. A woman waitress stopped by and would ask us if we needed anything but our former waiter did not see us again. We left a whole $0.00 tip. Wont be going back....even for the bread pudding.
Wow... Talk about both ends of the spectrum! The mrs. And I are currently sitting on the upper level @ a table for two... I have just returned the boeff, which was terrible! Think over cooked and under seasoned "pot roast". Although the manager assured us that he sampled the dish in question and that in his opinion it was perfectly fine. Was very tempted to let him know that if I wanted his opinion that I would have asked for it... Also I could be wrong but the tomatoes that were paired with the escargot had the familiar taste of stewed canned tomatoes, the kind from high school lunch. But on the other hand our server/garçon was very aggreable and understanding. Also the Mrs. was fortunate enough to order the filet mignon which was very good. Deserts not bad. All in all we will most likely not return.
I had the worst restaurant experience in this cafe. Service is bad and manager is very unprofessional. Not kid friendly at all. Bad attitude from our server and manager did not care. Be prepared for bad service if you dine in this restaurant.
While the french windows and tiny tables give the ambiance of being in Paris (?), the service was super slow and I was starving by the time my food arrived. How long does it take to make french fries and scoop soup du jour into a bowl? The food is good but I do think it's over priced. The waiters were nice but super slow.
3 for food; 4 for wine.  Go here to have a lovely, cozy drink with a friend, not to eat your favorite meal.  The food lacks presentation, and you can simply just do better elsewhere.  The atmosphere, however, is perfect to unwind with a friend after a long work day, or head to to warm up on a cold day.
Been here twice.  Good French bistro (Did you know bistro means "fast" in Russian` from when Prussians were in France?) fare if a bit on the buttery side.
The place is cozy and friendly.  If I had the time and money I'd spend hours eating, drinking, and reading here or relaxing with friends.  Not terribly expensive, but a bit too high to make me a regular.


Drinks are good, from the aperitifs to the great wine list. I enjoyed my beouf bourginon thoroughly.  I got the pate du chef and was surprised that I like it very much--I'm not a fan of pate.  I saw the spinach and goat cheese that I almost ordered and was jealous of the people who got it.  Dessert was good.  The tart tartin was delicious.  My companion raved about his escargots and his salmon dish.  Just a light sprinkling of cheese on his whipped potatoes made him swoon.

The closest thing to criticism I can muster was the speediness of the service.  I would have preferred a bit more time between our aperitifs and first course and entree.  But it was restaurant week, and the place was packed, so leisurely meals aren't as easy.
Perfect French Bistro, fine martinis, courteous wait staff, right next to the Forrest Theatre. Great!
So after seeing Sharon Jones and The Dap Kings the wife and I decided to find a spot to grab something to eat. As it was a Saturday night around 8pm we figured that it would be tough to find somewhere but then we stumbled upon Caribou. It looked crowded but we were seated upstairs immediately.

For those of you who have read some of my reviews I am a stickler when it comes to being greeteed at my table in a certain amount of time. Well this is where Caribou failed. We were sitting for about five minutes before the waitress came over, though she passed us maybe four times with acknowledgment. With the extra time that we had to look at the menu we had already decided on what we wanted to eat, so we were ready when the waitress came over. 

She approached the table and greeted us then asked for our beverage order. We gave it to her and we were about to give her our food order when she abruptly disappeared. When she came back with our drinks she read off the specials and then without asking us if we were ready to order disappeared again for maybe five minutes. She came back and we finally gave her our order,Salad de chevre chaud and Cassoulet for my wife and soup a l'oignon and Choucroute for myself.

When the apps arrived we dove right in, as we were starving. The soup was good but it lacked flavor. I enjoyed all the cheese but it degraded the broth to the point that it tasted like a cheese soup with some onions. My wife's app though was great. goat cheese, potatoes, and figs, can't go wrong. When we were almost finished with our apps we asked the waitress for more bread so that we could sop up the remaining soup and juices. She said no problem and went off to get some more bread, or so we thought. It wasn't until minutes later that she was delivering a drink to the table behind us that I finally got her attention and requested bread again. This time she got it right away.

Our entrees came out and looked and smelled wonderful. For both of us the first couple of bites were great. I liked the sausages on my plate and also the pork shank, and my wife was enjoying her Cassoulet. For me after those initial bites i began to realize that there was a lack of flavor in the sauerkraut  and my wife commented that the cassoulet was a bit to runny for her liking. Another than that the food was great.

When it came time for dessert I order the crepe with a sea salt caramel sauce, and my wife ordered the creme brulee. Ym crepe was fantastic. The salty and sweetness of the sauce was an excellent companion to the crepe, however my wife's creme brulee was a different story. 

My wife is a pastry chef and I would imagine knows a thing or to about dessert. When she took her spoon and went to crack the sugar on top of the brulee it folded inwards. When she finally broke through the inside was not set and was still runny. Though with all that I just described it was still good.

All in all we will be back. It was a nice spot and had a nice atmosphere. Nothing really wowed me and nothing happened that made me not want to go back.
