So many places to have a great sandwich inside the Reading Terminal Market, so many places to have a cheesesteak. 

Carmen's has been in the Terminal for 25 years and just in the past  year he has decided to include the cheesesteak to his list of sandwiches. Known for his authentic Italian hoagies, he serves the cheesesteak with hot peppers and hot sauce, if you would like. 

I am a novice when it comes to cheesesteaks, but I am learning.  My son in law who is from the Pittsburgh area, is even more clueless, he loves Pat's cheesesteaks. 

He also has this game plan where we tour the entire Terminal and then we decide what we will get to eat. Never again! 

I had already munched a bit and had decided what I would bring to the table, when it came time for this ceremonial gathering of Terminal food. 

Now with all the cheesesteaks in the Market, he chose one from a guy famous for his authentic Italian hoagies and he loves heat so it was loaded with face reddening hot peppers and then doused with hot sauce! 

The guy that ran the show was Carmen himself and so very friendly and he listened as my dear son in law, who I genuinely do like, rave about the difference of Pat's compared to Geno's and then told him after one bite that he liked Pat's cheesesteak better... 

To me a cheesesteak is all about the great roll and the quality of the meat, because for the most part cheesesteak meat is garbage.  I like sharp provolone, I am not into whiz, I love my onions, but who in the heck can taste any of that when the peppers and the sauce are so hot.

I will visit Carmen's again, but my mouth is still burning from my bite and my mouth is still watering for an authentic Italian hoagie.
The lady at the counter gave an attitude from the start. My son told her he wanted the Classic. She felt the need to tell us what is in it despite the fact that the sign explains the sandwich. She seemed annoyed that yes indeed we knew what we wanted and knew what was on the Classic. She knew from the beginning that we were "tourists" and that could be the problem but honestly--I think this lady has issues with customer service no matter what.

She continued to complain to the other employee that it was too busy now and they couldn't finish their tasks. Oh boy! It's a horrible problem to have paying customers on a Sunday! -__- Honestly, if it wasn't for my son who wanted his cheesesteak, I would have told her off and walked away.

I will say she was a bit more friendly when she gave us our food but by that time, the damage was done. The cheesesteaks themselves were just okay. The bread was great but the meat had no flavor. 

I would stay away.
Every restaurant in Philly has a Philly, but while on a quest for THE PHILLY and a vegetarian version of a Philly only one place made the cut and that was Carmen's. 

Carmen's was the reason why we ultimately visited Reading Market and I'm so glad that we did since it is a Yelper's heaven. 

Carmen's had a long line. A long line generally means great food. So we stood and waited something like an hour. We watched people around us drop like flies as starvation and frustration set in, but we stood strong and made our way through. 

I ordered a vegetable Philly with provolone, peppers and onions. After ordering, we were informed that the veggie is made on the same grill as the steaks. They do clean the grill, but something to consider. Hubby had a Philly with peppers onions and cheese wiz. 

We opted to eat at there. The phillies were served piping hit off the grill. The bread was soft, but sturdy enough to handle the weight of the filling. We noticed that they were missing some flavor. Maybe a sauce or seasoning? 

We left disappointed after waiting over an hour for two mediocre sandwiches. Worst of all we both had stomach aches shortly after leaving.
Dalessandro's was on our list of must try cheesesteak when we got to Philly, but we noted that it was a little bit removed from the city center Philadelphia so we opted to try one at Carmen's noting the line was around in an empty lot and around the corner! 

We ordered the Provolone Cheesesteak and found it to be SO GOOD. Okay, so they use frozen meat, BUT their provolone cheese sauce is a combination of sharp provolone and cream cheese making it incredibly rich and creamy! The sandwich was absolutely stuffed with meat and cheese which does make the price acceptable. The bread is also toasted just slightly making it that much more desirable in my opinion.

I would definitely leave it at a solid 4 star rating, but I'm bumping it up because the staff was so friendly. They made conversation with us, asked us where we were from, etc...which definitely shortened the feel of the wait during a very busy lunch time rush at Reading Terminal Market.  

Easily the best of 3 cheesesteaks we had while in Philly.
Yeah this isn't Pat's or Geno's or Jim's or even Tony Luke's.  
But hey *in Stallone accent* ... it's still a decent place.

After years of passing this place by due to my obsession with other food offerings in Reading Market (like the Dutch Eating Place .. yum), I finally decided to give this place a try.

I still like Jim's better because the steaks there don't feel as greasy .. but I can't deny the fact that the steak with onions and whiz is still pretty darn tasty.  Grab a seat at the counter, wait for your steak and make sure you devour it the second it comes off the grill, piping hot.

When it's hot, the greasy combo of whiz, onions, meat and fresh bread just melts in your mouth.  Again, it's not my super favorite in Philly but the steaks here still do the trick.  

Ultimately this isn't a bad option if you're in Reading Market and hankerin' for a steak.  It's better than the cheeseteak you'd get by say, Down Home Diner (which I tried as well, just a few steps down in Reading Market).
Ok, I'm writing in response to the the comments regarding customer service.  They were super nice to me right from the get go to the very end; when I couldn't finish my sandwich, one of the guys offered to wrap it up and tripled wrapped just so it wouldn't leak.  The cook even allowed me take a pic of him smiling right before he finished cooking my sandwich and at the end, they even gave me a 10% off card for my next visit(s).  That's what I call great customer service.

As for the sandwich, it was good, but I'm a cheesesteak novice and was told I should have one while I'm in philly, so I have nothing else to compare it to.   I was happy though; I got a chewy bun, nice fresh meat, some grilled onions and spicy/sour peppers.
Carmens had a very good hoagie and a really good cheesesteak.  It may not be the best in Philly but its still beats any sandwiches in New York.  And an extra thank you to Carmens for being the only place in the Reading Terminal Market to be open and selling hoagies/cheesesteaks on a Sunday in Philly.

What goes on in Philly on Sundays that its so hard to get lunch?
I've had Pat's and Geno's and this cheesesteak is by FAR better than those.  I had a regular cheesesteak w/ whiz.  Delicious!  This is where I'll be going for a great cheesesteak.
What the heck are the other reviewers doing? They are reviewing Carmen's Famous Italian HOAGIE for it's cheesesteaks - that doesn't even make sense. Sure they serve them but you don't go to a Famous Italian HOAGIE place and order a cheesesteak, you order the HOAGIE.

So my review is about the original hoagie and I have to admit it was one of the better hoagie's I have ever had, the seeded bread, the cuts of meat the cheese and balsamic vinaigrette on it were all awesome. 

Food (Hoagie only) 5
Service 5
Value 4
Atmosphere (I like reading) 5

Total: 4.75

Bottom Line: You go to a steak restaurant for a steak, then go to a hoagie place for a hoagie.
My wife and I found this place while on a food tour. We liked their version of the hogie so much we came back. I thought the staff was very friendly. We came by on a Monday afternoon.
Carmen's is a Philly staple and a top recommendation for any out of towners looking for a great hoagie or cheesesteak.

When working in Reading Terminal Market I was able to make friends with two of the workers who also were direct descendants of the owners. I love that Carmen's is still a family owned business in the city.

The hoagies at Carmen's are truly some of the best I've ever had in the city. It's no wonder why one of the most popular food tours in the city samples their Italian hoagie and Cheese hoagie. My personal favorite is the Italian hoagie (and I'm usually not even a fan of Italian meats)! The bread is delicious and they really pile on the meat and cheeses. 

The cheesesteaks are absolutely delicious and are mountains above some of the other Philly "staples" like Pats, Geno's and Jims. My favorite is the chicken cheesesteak with grilled sweet peppers, mayo and sharp provolone. It's worth the 5 pounds you'll gain afterwards.

The staff is friendly and their trademark is giving a playing card matched to your order. If you're visiting the Philly or a local in the area, I'd definitely stop by and treat yourself to a one-of-a-kind hoagie.
Philly = Cheese Steak

I have never had it living in Chicago so knew I had to at least try it on my Philadelphia vacation. I admit I didn't have very high expectations for some chopped meat and cheese whiz. Boy was I wrong! On our first trip through the market we were in search of breakfast and just couldn't pass up the smell of the meaty sandwich. The owner was great and I loved that we could sit at the counter and eat. I ordered mine with whiz and onions but also got it hoagie style with lettuce and tomato. Soooo good that I literally inhaled it. So good that I went back the next day for another one for breakfast. So good that I didn't mind the fact that I smelled like it for the rest of the day.
Friends laughed when I said that I'd be In Philadelphia because as I am a vegetarian, they claimed that I wouldn't be able to enjoy the PA favorite, the philly cheesesteaks. They were only partially right. Carmen's had my back. I can't tell you how excited I was when I saw the sign on this booth at the Reading Terminal Market. Like a mirage in a sea of meat-based Philly cheesesteaks, I had to ask myself -- do mine eyes deceive me? Could it be true? 

Not going to lie. I basically just ordered this sandwich (initially) to take pictures of it, and prove people wrong. As walked up to the cashier, I saw cooks grilling up each sandwich individually with the custom ingredients chosen. That's nice, I thought. And it certainly explains the line. The cashier seemed to genuinely enjoy my enthusiasm about my lunch. He also got a tip for not sneering when I ordered my veggie sandwich. He even took the time to ask whether I'd like mushrooms, onions, sweet or hot peppers, and whether I'd like one of three different kinds of cheeses (American, provolone, or cheez whiz). The total was over $10. Not a cheap sandwich.

I was then handed a playing card (the 8 of spades to be precise). That is how you claim your order. Nice touch, and I've never seen that before. When it came time to make my sandwich, the cook actually cleaned the grill. I hadn't asked him to do it, so I was pleasantly surprised to see him do that. Made me feel like they were actually cooking for me, rather than just making me a sandwich like I was at a Subway. 

The sandwich was really good. Warm and cheesy, on a soft grilled roll with the specs just like I like 'em. It looked so authentic that my non-vegetarian companion asked to try it. She ended up liking it. How close it is to a meat sandwich, I couldn't tell you. But, it must have been pretty darn good to get a girl from Philadelphia to say that. All I'm saying...
Is it the best cheesesteak in the city? Maybe. I can't tell because I don't think I ever had one in Philadelphia that I didn't like. 

Is it worth the line? Yes and no. Yes if it's moving smoothly like a machine and you're not too hungry (I came just after scarfing two Federal Donuts). No if there's someone in front of you that decides to order everything and the kitchen sink.

Price-wise: $7 basic, 75 cent extra ingredients. Since I'm from NY, this isn't egregious, but probably cheaper options.

Get one to go, grab a beer somewhere and enjoy.
The Reading Terminal is a great place for food and Carmen's is fantastic. We had a traditional cheese steak and a peperroni cheese steak and both were excellent. 

The owner/operator was there and he was friendly and a lot of fun to talk to. Enjoy the food.
I have been to many steak places and this is the first I encounter such poor customer service. The cash register worker was very pushy about ordering as well as workers in the back looking at the clock and shaking their heads because it was a closing time and all they care is to wrap up the place and go home. First, it wasn't pass closing time, second, the place should be grateful for the money they receive and last it's overpriced. For 12 dollars you get a fairy small size steak which is not even that good. I would never order from this place again. 

Thank you for reading this and I hope you find this helpful.
First ever hoagie... My conclusion? Yummy! The bread is very smooth - I think the crust is great. We had a hoagie with cheesesteak - it's a winning combination! It's a great, filling lunch. 

Love the ordering system at Carmen's. You order at the till and you get a playing card instead of a raffle ticket or some other kind of ticketing system. When your food is ready, the staff call your card "three of spades"!!! It's a great idea and pretty environmentally friendly. 

Carmen's is my place of choice for a hoagie!
Philadelphia

Located within the Reading Terminal Market, lines can be long during peak lunch time hours and unbearable if there happens to be a convention being held right next door.

With that said, Carmen's has some very tasty sandwiches ("hoagies") and a large part of the taste factor is the fresh baked bread they use.  I believe the bread cartons I saw said "Locasio".  

And yes, while in Philly, I'm going to order a cheesesteak hoagie.  Skip the whiz and get the provolone.  It'll set you back a little more than $8, more if you ask for additional condiments.  

Read the large menu on the wall for their price list.  The women in front of me said yes to every option the owner rattled off yet was surprised when her fully loaded cheesesteak cost $12. 

The sandwich was far better tasting than than Geno's or Pat's and certainly better than any cheesesteak from any vendor pushcart located throughout Philly.  The bread is a big factor in that.

Are there better tasting places to eat in the food court?  Yes, there are a few, but those lines are even more ridiculous.  The line at Carmen's moves fairly quick.
 
Cheers!
N.
Ahh the good ol Philly cheesesteak.  I tried two in the two days that I was in Philly's and Carmen's was the first one.  We randomly stopped by because exploring the Reading terminal made us hungry.    The line wasn't too long so we stopped in.  I had no idea what to order so just went with the classic with peppers and onions.  

There's not much seating there but luckily we were able to get two spots right next to the grill.  The cheesteak itself was a good size, big enough for two people to eat.  Maybe it was just because it was hyped up, but I wasn't that impressed with it.  I thought it was okay, but could have used some more flavor/spice.  If i'm going to eat something that feels like a heart attack, I expect it to be amazing and this just wasn't worth it.  The second cheese steak we had (at another place) ended up being better.
Not sure if Carmen's is the best cheesesteak in Philly but it is the one I was able to try and I was in love with it. I ordered mine with provolone, mushrooms, mayo, onions, and hot pickled peppers and it was out of control delicious. It was so yummy and hot and gooey I had to take one home to CT. I read about how their meat is frozen but it is honestly tasty, so I don't think I care too much.
In short, if you're a tourist and even ask for customizing your cheesesteak, expect to be given an attitude. And I feel that says something being a native Floridian where we aren't known for our pleasantness either. Actual conversation: 

Me: hi I'd like to swap X ingredient for Y please in my cheesesteak classic
Cashier: well then I guess what you're ordering isn't really the Classic cheesesteak now is it? Where are you from? 
Me: *blank stare* Florida
Cashier: oh, that explains it.... mumbling about why a classic is a classic.

Ultimately they "accommodated" my order but certainly begrudgingly. 

How about take my money and save the snippy comments? Oh and for the record the cheesesteak was subpar at best
The steak here was very flavorful...sort of reminded me of an au jus french dip type flavor.  I had a cheesesteak with onions and whiz.  Not sure how you could ever go wrong that here.  I'm not entirely sure, but I believe this place is cash only.  I didn't ask because they punch you in the face at cheesesteak places like this in Philly for asking questions. :)
This was the only place in the Reading Terminal that had any cheesesteak left. Most of the other vendors were closing or simply sold out. I stopped in for dinner on a Sunday night and there was a long line. 

You can see the guys grilling the cheesesteak which was cool. When you order, the cashier was really friendly and made conversation with me. I smiled and ordered the Italian cheesesteak with provolone, broccoli rabe, and added mushrooms. 

Glad they were quick to order. I waited about 10 mins for my sandwich. There are stools to eat your sandwich but they get really busy and filled most of the time. 

The sandwich was good, but I didn't have the taste for the rabe. Left a bitter taste in my mouth. I would have loved my bread to be toastier and maybe a little more meat. Otherwise, overall my first Philly cheesesteak in Philly was A-OK!
One of the worst cheesesteak I have ever had. After listening to locals, we decided to give this place a try & see a hype. We got a classic cheesesteak & it was literally tasteless. Plus, the shitty attitude of their entire staff is not worth the wait in line. I am from Washington DC & we have million times better cheesesteak than this! 

Do yourself a favor & find a better place to try philly cheesesteak, if you are a tourist. We decided to never return here!
Had a philly cheesesteak here; the best I've had in Philly. Better than Pat's or Geno's. The meat was succulent and juicy, the cheese was a perfect accompaniment. I know that cheez wiz is the traditional way to have cheesesteak, but I'm sorry, American cheese is so much better with the meat. cheez wiz is like pouring movie theater nacho cheese on your sandwich, and a ribeye steak sandwich deserves better than that. I went non-traditional and added bacon, mushroom, and roasted sweet peppers to mine. And it was delicious. And i'm unapologetic. Carmen's will definitely be a stop on my next Philly trip.
Visited Carmen's on a Saturday around 11:30am. The line was about 40 people or so deep and it didn't move fast. With it being my first time there I was expecting to have a little hesitation when it came to ordering but I was pleasantly surprised. It was as if the gentleman at the register was reading my mind! He asked all the right questions about what I wanted and the condiments I wanted on my sandwich and in the right order. It made ordering so easy which was greatly appreciated after standing in line for so long.

They give you a card and you wait while they prepare your food. While waiting I happened to notice that there meat is cooked differently from what I've seen at other places throughout Philly. The meat was frozen. They sprinkled a little seasoning on it and onto the grill it goes. I got a cheesesteak, provolone cheese, with onion, lettuce and tomatoe. It was cool to chat with one of the employees while waiting. Nice sense of humor and did a great job of keeping us occupied and upbeat while waiting. 

Unfortunately, I'm unhappy to report that I don't get the hype. The bread was chewy, meat cooked ok, lacked seasoning. I was sssoo disappointed. Also, I think there prices are a few dollars more then there competitors.

Maybe I'll try them again in the future...maybe if the line is shorter...but no special trips here for me again.

2 stars for the food. 1 extra star because the staff was awesome and ordering was easy.
I debated the entire time I was in Philly on whether I should eat a cheesesteak - my friends from Philly weren't pushing me to do it - but I bit the bullet and for my last meal decided to get one from Carmen's. What sealed the deal was the picture of Obama ordering from them that they have up by the register.

I ordered a classic cheesesteak and what I liked about the man who took my order was detailed about how my cheesesteak would be composed such as did I want lettuce and tomatoes? did I want peppers and if so did I want sweet, hot or a mixture? I ended up ordering mine with lettuce and tomatoes with a mixture of sweet and hot peppers. To boot the man who took my order called me and other females honey which made me feel like we were already friends. There was also a constant stream of not only tourists but also locals here. They also give you a playing card as your receipt and how your order is called out "Two of hearts!"

Downer is that they only take cash - I was short $2! - and they direct you to an ATM which charges a $2.75 transaction fee, I'd rather give that fee to the business than some sketchy no name machine!

As for my cheesesteak, it was good and composed well, not greasy, not overwhelmed by ingredients and the bread was soft though I should have ordered all hot peppers on my sandwich as I needed more kick. Since I'd never had an official Philly cheesesteak before I wasn't quite sure what I should be looking for however I ate the whole thing! The cheesesteak before tax is a little more than $10 and with tax $11-12 so am not sure if I would order it again. If I were to eat at Carmen's I'd be tempted to try an Italian hoagie which is less expensive at ~$9.
Ordering a sandwich in the city is an exercise in discipline and structure. Carmen's at the famous Reading Terminal Market adheres to that ethos. The queue is orderly, and usually exceedingly long. The hot goods, namely the steaks, begin their journey out in the safetyglass-protected grill: beef goes on, gets moved over, welcomes the fixings, meets really fucking tasty Liscio's bread and the rest is what makes it famous. 

Ultimately it's a sanitized version of a city staple, but the service is bright and friendly - never mind that the heft of the end product is dwarfed by its suburban brethren. And there's no Tastykake to wash down the goodness...
Great hoagies, and a GREAT cheesesteak. And although this is NOT purely a cheesesteak establishment, they can sure dish a great one out!!! Definitely would go back!
What can I say..........since bruddah Obama was from da 808, this local bruddah had to come here too, & try a hoagie too. If it was good enough for Obama, then it's good enough for me! Lol!

Tried it...........liked it, but I think I still liked DiNic's way better! 

All I can say is - Carmen's cheesesteak sandwiches was way better than - Pat's or Geno's in Philly!

What made Carmen's Italian Hoagies stand out more than Pat's, or Geno's. is that Carmen's grilled their meats fresh off the grill, and they sauteed their meats with a sauce, which made it more flavorful, and juicy!
I don't know how Carmen's compares to other cheesesteak places, but I do know that mine was great!  I also know that the people were great, friendly, interactive - and the card idea?!  Brilliant!  Bravo!  Thanks for a great Philly Cheesesteak experience!
This is the place to go for cheesesteaks in center city. A lot of tourist shows will recommend Pats and Genos. But if you want some of the best tasting Cheesesteaks philadelphia has to offer then do yourself a favor and come here.
If your friends are visiting Philly, and they want a cheesesteak, take them here! C'mon, Obama had one here, "wit whiz"of course--so there you go. 

Yum!
Cash only.

I needed a cheese steak.  like... you don't understand... it was one of those moments.. that you just needed to drive into filly and get yourself a cheese steak because your body couldn't function anymore without it.  This doesn't happen too often but when it does it is always the best decision you will make that day. ( or week) ( or month)

 I walked into the terminal and judging from the line, this seemed like the place to be.  Ordered up the classic cheese steak, with the mushrooms cheesewiz and extra hot pepers.  Took my playing card and waited it out with the rest of them.

Picked it up my cheese steak and ran out to my car as to not get a ticket, while simultaneously devouring this thing one bite at a time.  By the time i sat down and started my ignition... the cheese steak was gone... there were cheese wiz drippings all over me.. and i was possibly one of the happiest guys i the world.  I could have died a happy man at that very  moment.

I am a true believer of Carmens.
I don't understand the hype. It was bland frozen meat chopped up on a griddle with no additional seasoning. We were told to get it with cheese wiz, which also had zero flavor. the star of the sandwich was definitely the charred jalapeno....which is sad.
I ended my cheesesteak adventure at Carmen's, which I avoided during the weekend due to the extraordinarily long line. I came on a Monday late morning to find nobody in line, and quickly ordered and got a sandwich prepared. We went with a cheesesteak with mushrooms and provolone to compare with our prior experiences.

The cheesesteak itself was quite solid. The meat quality wasn't the best, but pretty good still. However, the flavors were well balanced and between the mix of meat and cheese, things came together extremely well. The mushrooms here were the best prepared that we had tried, and rich and flavorful too. The only downside to the sandwich was that the bread wasn't toasted, which I think would've added more to the overall sandwich, as the bread ended up somewhat mushy by the time we finished the meal. However, it wasn't overly greasy and our hands weren't soaked in grease by the end.

Overall, I'd definitely come back to give some of their other sandwich combos a try. I really enjoyed the cheesesteak, and if they're willing to toast bread for you this might be the perfect combo for cheesesteak. One thing I noticed however was that service was somewhat lackluster / the staff were not particularly friendly.
decided to get both the cheesesteak sandiwch and hoagies sandwich. both were very good. base price for both sandwiches were around $8-$9. When taking orders for the sandwiches, they were very detailed when asking the customer what ingredients they wanted into the sandwich.
This (mainly) cheesesteak joint in Reading Terminal Market is run just like the jawns in South Philly i.e. someone who reminds you of your curmudgeon Italian uncle takes your order and his buddies churn out steaks by the dozens.   One area where this spot is much better than South Philly (in my opinion), is variety.  They have both chicken and vegetarian cheesesteaks.  The chicken cheesesteak is always moist and delicious and is one of my favorites in the city. Downsides are they charge you extra for hot peppers and the portion sizes of the additions (peppers, onions, etc.) are not gigantic.  Still worth it, just buy a jar of hot peppers yourself at the gourmet grocer up the row from Carmen's.
I have tried most of the cheesesteaks in Philadelphia and this place is my favorite. My sister begs me to bring them back to FL when I visit, so she's a fan too. 
They do it right here, using chopped up steak on a griddle that I'm sure is well-seasoned from all the years of food. The bread is from a NJ place (boxes stacked behind cashier) and is pillow soft. 
Recently we came on a Monday (sister bought two steaks to eat on the plane) and Carmen was there! He invited my sister and me to come try our hand at chopping some steaks and we got some awesome photos. Nice guy. Sister got a good photo but mine didn't come out well. I'll see if she can post hers for me.
Cash only!
30 mins after placing order still waiting for my hogie and this was well after the lunch time rush hour.  Don't order unless you have a couple of hours to spare.
OMG! I am now a forever fan. When I got to Reading Terminal I was starving and the thought of standing in an endless line did not seem appealing to me, but I did it anyways and I am so glad I did. This is because the food was amazing! I got the classic cheese steak which was filled with so many toppings. It also had whiz cheese on it which made it even that much better. The line did move slowly, but it was mesmerizing to watch them cook each cheese steak for some reason, so I did not mind the long wait. Also, the staff was so friendly and nice. I would definitely recommend this spot if you are looking for a good cheese streak in Philly!
Well...our second stop on the Cheesesteak Tour.  No, we aren't really touring, but visiting town for work, we were told this was worth trying out.  One big minus is that the place is only open until 6 pm weekdays.  We left work early to get over there.  

The waitstaff weren't overly friendly.  My dinner partner ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and onions, I ordered one with provolone, onions and sweet peppers.  
 
We found they didn't take credit cards, but had the cash to pay for our food.  We asked for a receipt for the expense report, and we were told we would get it with our meal.  

The meat was frozen, but it had no impact on the taste or texture.  When the food came, she gave us two sandwiches with cheese whiz and...we told her that she had gotten my order wrong and she wasn't happy and told me that she had heard me say "whiz".  But they made another cheesesteak.  By the way, the make the food right in front of you and we tried to get her attention when we say her putting whiz on two rolls...but better late than never.

When they gave us our food, we asked for the receipt and the server had thrown it away.  They dug in a box and got us a receipt and gave that to us saying, it was for more than our meal.  Not the best run ship and definitely not the best service, but I need to say that that cheesesteak was great.  The bread was awesome, the meat was savory and the provolone was a perfect match.  

I swear I will be back here again at least once more...just need to get there prior to 6 pm and bring some cash.
Best service! Best cheese steaks tried them all and hands down you won't find better.  We were visiting from California and went back everyday for 5 straight days. Definitely a reason to move to the east coast:)
The people working stay nice and friendly in the craziest lunch rush. The food is great, service is fast, and they have old school cream soda. Plus, they have veggie cheesesteaks (looks like they're made with seitan) and veggie hoagies. I had to go classic though. Miss you Philly!!!!!!
Great service, great cheese steak, good price. You'll probably wait in a line of at least 10 people, so then you'll have to wait a bit for it to be made to order too.  However, there is a line for a reason...it's really a great cheese steak and waiting in that line. Is worth it.
Delicious! Best cheesesteak I've ever had! Get the regular cheesesteak with roasted peppers, onions and provolone cheese! The location is right at the reading terminal. This vendor had the longest cheesesteak line so i figured it must be good since the locals know best! Very simple and easy meal!
Many better options in the terminal!  This is a tourist trap that sells frozen flavorless meat.  They even got my friend's order wrong and it wasn't even crowded.  The guy taking orders is a jerk too.  Don't waste your money!
Yummo! This was my first real philly cheese steak. I had the classic. Service was super nice and helpful in choosing a menu item. This place is located in the Reading Market, which btw is awesome too. Recommend especially if you are stopping by the Jefferson aka Market East station on your way to or from the airport. It's literally a 3-4 min walk around the bldg.
This place had better quality meats than Pat and Geno's!  I loved how it's a family operated business. the broccoli rabe and hot peppers added on the cheesteak put it over the top goodness. Definitely would go back.
I'm glad Carmen's hooked me up with a delicious cheesesteak before I left Philadelphia. You see, I was dumb. I went to Spataro's. It was so bad I thought Philly was truly confused on what a good sandwich was. I did my best to try and blame it on the establishment itself, but it was hard to see the light. Just when I had given up all hope, Carmen's ushered itself in and guided me to a true cheesesteak experience.

The line was ridiculously long. My family had eaten nearly half of their lunch by the time I had reached the front of the line. I don't know if they purposely let the line get as long as it does to make it seem like a popular vendor but it's not a good look. There's space for two stations but only one was up and she was not efficient. For the amount of space they take up in the market and number of workers they have, there really should be a sit down on how to be more efficient and tame the crowds. I did my best to be patient but there was definitely a lot of groaning and frustration within the line. I eventually worked my way and decided on their Franklin cheesesteak. They have these cute personalized playing cards to call out when your order is ready. It's a fun little additional detail to the whole experience.

Since my family had already finished most of their food and we were on our way to New York, I decided I was going to eat this on the road. The Franklin cheesesteak has cream cheese added to the mix. If you read my last review, you know my gripe with the majority of sandwiches in Philly is that they're dry. Either Carmen is aware of this issue and fixed it with cream cheese or she has a special endorsement deal going on with Kraft because I would have never thought to add cream cheese. Mayo? That would have most definitely been my condiment of choice. I'm not even a big fan of cream cheese in sushi and that's deemed socially acceptable. But the cream cheese adds something to the sandwich. It combines with the American and becomes the emulsifier that brings the sandwich together. The cream cheese also gives a tang to the cheesesteak that would have been missing. The majority of cheesesteaks I've had are missing something texturally or in its seasoning. Carmen's was not missing anything. I was quite sad when it was all gone. 1) it was delicious and 2) I still had an hour in New Jersey before I got to my next destination.

Carmen's really could improve their service efficiency with a few simple steps which is why I'm giving 4 instead of 5. But it was one of the best cheesesteaks I've had and I would wait in the unnecessarily long line again to get one.
in a hunt for cheesesteaks, my hosts and i let our laziness overwhelm our need to fall into the tourist attractions of the competing pat's and geno's.  instead, we huddle near home and visited carmen's instead.

clearly, with famous written right into the title, i didn't need the fact that obama ordered a cheesesteak from here to draw a young politico like myself to the stall...though it never does hurt.

my order, however, went purely traditional...with only onions and extra whiz.  i don't know what it is...but i LOVE cheese whiz.  you can pour that stuff on anything.  and in this case, it definitely didn't hurt.  my first bite poured juices down my chin, with a perfect combination of provolone, steak, and whiz, all seeping into a perfectly grilled roll.

these things really aren't anything special...but when you can make something simple that's still appetizing and delicious, might as well crank 'em out...and carmen's definitely does that.
Food and service was great! Had a cheese steak and it was the bomb...Best part about it is the guy that runs it who usually is at the register. sit near him if you can. he's hilarious! it's like a free comedy show.
People: do NOT sleep on Carmen's cheesesteaks! 

These might be the best chicken philly's in town.
Delicious and lovingly prepared but too greasy.  The bread (Liscio) is really the star, IMHO.  Plenty of variations available, even vegan options (yep, vegan "chicken" and "beef" sandwiches).  warning: once you start adding "extras," the price can easily creep over $10 a sandwich.  Service is brisk, well organized.  Unlike, Geno's and Pat's, you can sit indoors.
Decent cheesesteak although they mixed up my steak w/American with my buddy's with provolone. Argh.
A little on the salty side. 
Really nice guy at the register. 
Line a tad on the long side but beats Dnics line which ran around the whole market.
This was my first time to Philadelphia, and of course had to try a cheesesteak sandwich.  I thought the food was excellent and the prices very reasonable.  Although it was hectic when we first arrived, everyone was working hard to fill all the orders and did so very professionally.

Thanks to Carmen personally for being so nice to talk to (and the souvenir picture with him) and his staff for the great customer service when we asked for the remainder of one of our sandwiches to be rapped to go.
First off the guys behind the counter was a hoot. Second the Philly cheesesteak sandwich was the best I have ever eaten. Would definitely recommend the Franklin when you get here.
This cheesesteak changed my life. The person who served us was charismatic and wanted to make nice conversation. The cheesesteak tasted fresh, cheesy, juicy, warm. This cheesesteak changed my life. I don't know if I would go back to Philly, but I would consider it for this cheesesteak #doitforobama
Great Italian Hoagie. All the right meats and seasonings. The bread was outstanding.
Preface: This is my first LEGIT Philly cheesesteak. The ones in NYC are pretty damn disgusting, as if they have been sitting in a truck for the 100-mile journey.

I didn't want to go to Geno's or that other one in South Philly, because I had heard they were tourist traps. After three days of indecisiveness, I finally decided on Carmen's because we were in Reading Terminal.

The line was long, but moved fairly quickly, as long as you know what you want. After you place your order, you are given a playing card.

The sandwich was DELICIOUS... the meat was tender and well seasoned. The cheese melted wonderfully into the meat. The bread was nice and chewy.

Oh man... I wanna go back.

Brotip: If you go, try the one with the pepperoni, and tell me how it tastes. I'm curious...
Perfect in every way. The roll, meat, cheese and quick service. 

Awesome! I will be back every time I'm in Philly.
a classic in philly. the line was pretty long, so don't come here if your'e dying of hunger and need a quick fix. still it's well worth the wait. i went cheese steak with whiz. my girlfriend had one with mushrooms and provolone. we both were fans, but to be honest, i wasn't amazingly  overwhelmed, hence 4 stars. worth the visit for the indoor market/delis period.
Service was a bit abrupt and rude, but the Steak was pretty good. Had it in the traditional Philly style. 

My biggest complaint is really the lack of seating at their counter, but considering the way the market is built, that's not a huge deal.

The best part of the steak was the meat. This is how it's supposed to be done! The meat should have flavor and not just lay there like dead cow. The Whiz should actually, you know, taste like cheese. All the ingredients should mix together into the perfect sandwich. 

For my money, the best steak in Philly.
I had the Philly cheesesteak with cheese whiz, mushrooms, grilled hot chili peppers, and pickles. I don't have any other cheesesteak from Philly to compare it to. 

I thought I would like cheesesteaks because of the amount of meat, but this place sure changed my mind about cheesesteaks. The folks here are also very friendly with good and fast service. If I were in Philly, I would most def. go back to this place.
Many mixed reviews here so i shall post my experience:

From out of town our family of 6 visited the market and decided to try the cheese steak. There was nothing wrong with the food. İ actually really liked it but tastes are different and there might be better cheese steaks out there no doubt but this was also good.
What i liked most about this place, besides the food, was the patience of the lady who took our order at the register. We are a rather complicated group when it comes to food so our order took quite some time to place but the lady was patient, explained alot and helped our group to make sure everybody got what they wanted.

We ate there the next day as well and the lady promplty remembered us all from yesterday once again taking the orders with patience and help.

A helpfull polite attitude towards the customer greatly affects the general experience and can make even a standard food like cheese steak.a delicatesse.
Californian.  I really thought the sandwich was pretty well frickin' amazing.  It was cash only, and I was with 4 co-workers.  We guessed the total wrong and ended up being about $12 short on the bill.  It was obviously humiliating, but the guy was a total stud.  He cashed us with what we had, and let us go to the ATM real quick to grab extra cash.  Total pro, never made us feel bad about it.
To boot, the food was just really, really good.  I am not even close to an expert on a classic cheese-steak, but this sandwich blew anything I could get back home out of the water.
This is my first Phillay cheesesteak so I really don't know what else to compare it to. However, it was good and I LOVE CHEEZ WIZ!

Next time, I'll try one of the popular ones but Carmen - thank you for taking my cheesesteak virginity away!
I'm going to start by stating that I'm from out of town, so I don't necessarily know what I'm talking about. But I liked that the steak was sliced very thin and quite juicy, and with the spicy and sweet peppers and grilled onions the sandwich was delicious. 

Also, the staff was super sweet. Both the cashier and the cook were friendly and helpful, and nicely returned the watch that I accidentally left on the counter with a smile.
I first heard about Carmen's is located in Reading Terminal Market because it had been voted as having one of the best Italian hoagies in the city so I had to try it. I went here after lunch hours in the early afternoon and it was still crowded. The guy who took my order was really nice and made good suggestions to my sandwich. The Italian hoagie was really good, maybe not the best in Philly but still good. Meat was tender and a good portion and the bread was pretty soft too. I look forward to trying the cheesesteaks here.
This is one of my favorite sandwich spots in the Reading Market Terminal. The standout sandwich for me is their Veggie Cheesesteak made with seitan. It has a chewy texture that gets as close to meat with being actual meat. They also have a soild Veggie Hoagie that comes with well cooked eggplant and broccoli rabe.

There is usually a line at Carmen's but it's worth the wait. It's also fun how they use playing cards as order numbers.
Had to do Chili Cheese Steaks, and this was the place we chose.  My boy loved his!  Truly authentic, and in a classic location!
We were only in Philadelphia for a short time, so this was to be my only shot at a Philly cheesesteak sandwich. Reading Terminal Market was kind of a zoo, but Carmen's seemed like a good option.

The sandwiches are made up fresh when you order them. The meat, cheese and roll all tasted great to me. I appreciated that they pack your fries in a closed container, which keeps them hot while you walk around looking for a table.

What made the biggest impression on me though, was the cashier. He had a brief, friendly conversation with us. Nothing earth-shattering: he just took an interest in us and made us feel really welcomed. He made such a positive impression, I went back to ask him his name. (For my review.) Wouldn't you know- it was Carmen himself!! That's a smart businessman, knowing to take a moment with the customers and make them feel noticed and valuable. I wish Carmen and his food stand great success!!
Ehh, I can't say too much about Carmen's. I wanted a Philly cheesesteak IN Philadelphia. I was meeting a friend at the Market for lunch, and there's two places in there to get a cheesesteak. I had a 50/50 chance, so we picked this one. (There's a pic of Obama getting his sandwich here, so at least I can say I've eaten where the president ate!) I wasn't too impressed.

Being a very busy market place and lunch time, I kind of get this guy rushing me through my order. Want a Philly and already know what toppings you want on it? Well, too bad. He has to go through the list in order so so the ticket comes out correctly for his grillers. Onions, tomatoes? Mayo, pickles? Peppers - hot or sweet? Before the words yes & no left my lips, he was already asking me the next one. I felt stressed out ordering my sandwich!

Biting into it didn't justify the stress. It taste just like any other cheesesteak I've had. I don't know what "authentic" truly tastes like, but I guess I was expecting something different from the Florida places I'm accustomed to. Oh well. Good experience, I suppose.
One of the best cheese steaks in Philadelphia. I would put it head to head with Jim's. Very conveniently located in the Reading Terminal Market.
Stopped into Reading Terminal Market around 2 p.m. on a Saturday thinking we'd outwit the crowds. Let's all just laugh for a minute about that. It was a zoo. People packed elbow to elbow. We had to have Carmen's, so we settled into the line for almost an hour. Once we got close enough, it kept me entertained watching the meat being grilled up and sliced up. I was definitely ready to eat by the time I got to the front. 

Although they had a constant stream of customers, the employees seemed unperturbed and friendly. The cashier specifically was kind enough to have a normal conversation with me beyond just taking my order. Plus I asked a couple of clarification questions and she was also helpful in answering. So overall worth the wait right there. We got the Ben Franklin sub with sweet peppers and onions. It was incredible with the cream cheese addition. I might dream about it every now and again. I'd get smarter if I was visiting again on choosing an off-peak hour, but I'd love to come back and grab another cheesesteak from Carmen's!
The beau and I just got to Philly. We didn't know where to go except that our trusty Yelp apps indicated food near 13th. We hopped on the subway, ended up at Reading Terminal Market, and said, "CHEESESTEAK."

Granted, I was too overwhelmed and, thanks to a rainy day, soaked head to toe. I just let Adam do the ordering for me. Soon enough, I got a hoagie roll filled with glistening, steaming meat, fried onions, with melted provolone interspersed throughout. Adam got the same, but with peppers as well. Dear LORD that was amazing. I swear, it made my soul feel good. 

It's like that episode of "It's Always Sunny..." when Frank feeds Charlie and Sweet Dee unrecognizable meat (thankfully, not actually human meat) that they get cravings for. Days later, I'm still jonsing. Back home in NYC though, I'll have to put that craving on the back burner, in the meantime.
The good here was great! We went at a pretty busy time and the gentleman at the register was fast and efficient. He was extremely helpful and even held our place in line so we could use the ATM. If you can find a seat close to the register I definitely suggest staying to eat. The owner is hilarious and picks on other patrons(all in good fun, of course). Definitely worth braving Reading Terminal Market at lunch time.
Cheese steak with onions and cheez whiz. That is the only thing on the menu I know and the only thing I will order. I was up in Philly last year, ate 1 for breakfast, 1 for lunch and took 2 back to NYC with me. I cannot get tired of Carmen's cheese steak. I don't care if other cheese steak are better, blah blah blah, I will always always come back to Carmen's. Try heading over early before lunch time for smaller crowds.
This place is spot on....not 5 stars...but not a 0 either.  The food is exactly what I would and should expect.  It was good.  Keep in mind that I reserve a 4 star for exceptional and a 5 star would mean I was weak in the knees.

The food is really good...had a cheesesteak wit prov, onions, and pickled sweet peppers.  It was definitely worth the wait.  Definitely recommend this place on the to do list.
It was my first time in Philly so obviously I had to try a cheesesteak. I wandered into Reading Station to scope what was available and noticed the fairly long line in front of Carmen's (~12 people). The sign said "cheesesteak" among other offerings so I stepped into line. I'm glad I did. 

The line moves a little slow but you get to watch the cooks chop up and grill others' hoagies inside their kitchen/booth. Definitely a good bit as it increases your appetite during the 10 minute or so wait to the register. Everyone was super friendly too. This can increase the wait time as they're willing to explain and offer suggestions for anyone unsure, so a good payoff. 

I got the classic with half sweet half hot peppers. The bread was amazing and everything else was perfection. Definitely will go to again next time I'm in town.
Awesome cheesesteaks and great service. Thanks harley man!
The line here is always at least 30-45 minutes for an order unless you come 2 hours before closing or early mornings. 

Honestly, the wait isn't that bad but it's very crowded so be prepared to get bumped into.

The service here is awful from what I've encountered. The lady at the register (red-hair) is very rude and dismissive. The younger man handing out the orders has a tendency to throw or slide items to customers instead of handing it to them. I witnessed him throwing a fork on top of a lady's order and it hits the counter, followed by throwing a straw and a sliding cup of coke. 

The cheesesteak itself is relatively tasty. The meat is well seasoned and cooked. It is a bit pricier than the other places in reading.

The best work here is a middle age African American man. He's a great worker and has a good sense of humor.
If these guys had to work in NY they would have been fired. I have never experienced such slow service, especially since they were throwing on pre sliced steak on the grill and there were four guys stationed by the grill and cutting station. The guys over at Papayas are speed demons and crank out tasty hot dogs in seconds flat while these guys are putting about..l
The sandwich was eh, I've had better in pizzerias in Brooklyn. It reminded me of school lunch/ Subway sandwich in some odd way. I wanted to try one from DiNics but the line in contrast to the sad sandwiches I saw people eating wasn't worth it. So Carmen's was top choice #2.
I don't think I'd be so disappointed if there wasn't so much hype surrounding the cheesesteak sandwich. 
Also $20+ for two sad sandwiches and a vanilla cream? I could have enjoyed an awesome pizza pie, sushi lunch special or had 4 foot longs from subway. 
Maybe I'm just too much of a New Yorker to get it*shrug* go and make your opinion...l
Best cheese steak in the reading terminal market. It's cash only so don't get to the front of the line only to run to an ATM.
Although I did see the large chunk of previously frozen meat thrown on the flat top, in the end, the sandwich I ordered came out pretty good. The Classic Cheesesteak ($10.99) I ordered was for someone else, but I was able to try it.

After you order, they give you a playing card (from a 52-card deck) as your ticket while waiting; i.e., they'll call out "King of Spades" or "8 of Diamonds" when your hoagie is ready.

Taste wise, it's good and an improvement over Geno's or Pat's. I say that because the meat here actually has flavor to it, along with the mushrooms, peppers, and onions it's chopped with. The whiz is comparable to Pat's (not overly salty), although we would have been happier if the sandwich had more cheese. In contrast to other places, the bread they use is soft; there isn't even a slight chew whatsoever.

All things considered, the classic cheesesteak here is good and a solid lunch option at RTM. While I thought this was more of a 3.5, I rounded up to a 4/5.
famous because obama came here to eat!
never had a real cheesesteak so i thought this line in reading terminal market has to mean something.
cashier asks you where you're from (nicely!) and hands you a playing card so you can pick up your sub when its ready.
cheesesteak was good and hot! we built our own and added mushrooms. 
the star of the show was the seasoned fries. man. delicious. would very likely come back just to get some fries LOL. 
portions are large and worth the price. haven't honestly tried other places so i can't say for sure if this place is the best but i enjoyed my meal here!
Best Philly Cheesesteak! Delicious to the last drop!  Service is excellent. Will definitely be back!
In the Reading terminal

Carmen the owner is a hoot, his place represents the Italian sandwich no doubt.

5 stools at the counter or sit in the eating area.

we sat at the counter and spoke with Carmen, totally awesome.

my friend had the BLT hoagie which he said was great

I had the special Italian which has Italian meats, I had long hots added to it. it was an amazing sandwich .

he keeps his place clean and consistently stays on top of his employees. what a great place
Obama ate here! That was originally why we decided on this cheesesteak place during our day trip to Philadelphia. It was located in the front of Reading Terminal Market. There's usually a line, but the wait for your food isn't too bad after your order, also the person taking our order was super friendly and tried to engage in conversation. The hoagie was also reasonably priced, and we were even able to find seating in the centers dining sections located in the middle of the market. TIP: have someone find a seat while you're waiting for your food, there's a lot of tables but it is also a busy place. The only reason I would give this place 4 stars is because I didn't enjoy the cheesesteak as much as I was hoping, but everyone else in my group loved the sandwich.
Best Cheesesteaks in Philly - PERIOD!  We also tired Geno's & Pat's, but they did not compare.  Geno's would come in second place...but Carmen's was ON POINT!  It was made right there as we ordered, hot, and delicious.  You must order it with provolone, onions, mushrooms, and sweet & hot peppers .  This was hands down the best.
There is usually a long line at Carmen's, but if you want a real Philly cheesesteak this is the best place in Reading Terminal to get one. You get a delicious soft roll filled with perfectly cooked and chopped steak & onions, covered with Melted American cheese. Don't let the line deter you!
This was the best philly cheese steak I've ever had!  I recommend the classic with a mix of hot and sweet peppers and provolone cheese.  I am gluten free and they even make them without the bun!  So delicious - and a great price, too.  I would highly recommend to anyone traveling to Philly...
I'm not a cheese steak connoisseur or anything, but I really really liked the sangwich I got at this place. Husband loved his too.  I didn't think I'd be able to eat the whole thing, but I did because it was SO GOOD.  There may be better places to get cheese steaks in the city, but this place was close to where we were staying and it was in the Reading Market, which was fun to check out too.
Yes, I am a vegetarian, but when people want a Philly Cheesesteak, I tell them to go to Philly ;-) With that being said, Back in October my sister had a taste for a Philly cheesesteak. Since I was going to Atlantic City, I told her that she can get one in Philly (why not?!?!). I asked someone, and they suggested another place, which I can't remember... I wanted to check out Reading Terminal Market, so my sister decided on Carmen's simply because she saw the picture of Barack Obama ordering there. She was in love, and I found heaven in my Veggie Hoagie. 

Fast forward to April 9th, my friend wanted a Philly cheesesteak, and of course I replied "Go to Philly!".  Of course, I took him Reading Terminal Market (a part of me was determined to get to Old City Coffee). At the counter, the cashier was super nice. He actually seemed like he enjoyed interacting with people. He was patient with my friend who asked (in my opinion) too many questions about a cheesesteak. I ordered the Veggie Hoagie (grilled onions, peppers, shredded broccoli, spinach, lettuce, tomato, provolone on wheat). I remembered this sandwich begin good, but this time it was a Vegetarian's Dream! I haven't had a veggie sandwich that GOOD anywhere! My friend began fussing about how he had never had a true Philly cheesesteak (until Carmen's), and he was upset with all of the imposters. Ha! Sidenote, My sister was beyond pissed when I told her that I didn't bring her back a Philly Cheesesteak. 

Again, I can only speak for the service and Veggie Hoagie, but by judging from the super long line, and sister and friends "testimonies", the cheesesteaks are great. For the vegetarians, there is hope for us, even with our cheesesteak loving companions ;-)
Regular philly sandwich was $10.50 and it was pretty good, but seemed expensive for the size.  We split the sandwich but it's really only for 1 person and not enough for 2.
The thing that got us was the cashier - WOW, can you spell A.T.T.I.T.U.D.E?? Have been all over the country, born and raised in LA, and she had the nastiest attitude I'd ever experienced. 
The guy (cook) and other girl (dark hair) were super nice. Unfortunately they couldn't make up for the crappy person at the register. 
No way will we ever be back.
Got the classic cheese steak with mushrooms, and sweet roasted bell peppers... So yummy and not fatty! I would recommend it even if you are on a diet!
I am pretty particular about how people flavor meat (see my previous review of Jim's) but all I can say is this place knows cheesesteaks!!! Their steak is so flavorful you really can't go wrong. We tried the Original with Provolone and the Franklin. Both were so mouthwateringly delicious that we came back the next day! 

If you are into cheesesteak with American I highly suggest The Franklin. It's a mixture of American and cream cheese. Absolutely one of the greatest cheesesteaks ever! I left happy, full and took one for the road 

The only downside is the hours (they close early), so if you are drunk and scrambling for food at 2a, or have a cheesesteak craving after 6p you better head somewhere else (South Street) otherwise you're SOL!
Fantastic cheese steaks! Usually a really long line at reading terminal; however, waiting in line is totally worth it. Although they tend to hurry you with your order, they are very fast at completing orders, and the line isn't as long as it seems! My boyfriend ordered the chicken parm hoagie and said it was only okay...I would stick with the steaks! Cash only and worth the wait! They have a picture of Obama ordering too!
OMG! So glad we followed the "find the place with the long line of customers and get in line" rule as we were well on our way to starvation by the time we made it to the market and were not in a position to choose from the dozens of vendors at the market. Got in line for this philly cheesesteak and sweet baby jesus!!! delicious sandwiches with plenty of topic options (beware, you must order in a specific order). Cash only so bring some cash, but if you forget, don't worry, you won't have to get back in line, you can go grab your cash and come back to the cashier. A really cool original detail is that they give you a playing card with which you can collect your order. 

BTW, cheez whiz is the way to go with cheesesteaks.
Major props for offering a vegetarian cheesesteak. The only place I've found that does it other than Campos, and Carmen's version is better (well seasoned). Yay, I'm not stuck eating a cheese hoagie all the time! They will go through the list of optional toppings. I got sweet and hot peppers, onion and provolone. I might throw in mustard or something next time. They also let me know that they use the meat grill to make the vegetarian cheesesteak, but they clean it off first (which they did, I say a guy rinse it with water and scrape it down), and I was fine with that, but it was nice of them to mention it.

Ordering was quick, but I waited a while for my sandwich. However, they got the whole order perfect, including my bottle of water. You can't really rush a fresh-made cheesesteak, I guess.
