Heard so much about Cedar Park's chicken and waffles, so of course, I had to try it out.  I came with a friend and both decided to go with their famous plate (instead of getting two different items and sharing like I would normally do). Reading the raving reviews, I really thought that this dish would be spectacular, but unfortunately, was very disappointed.  

In terms of service, we came here on a Sunday around noon. It was quite busy and we probably didn't get seated until after 25 minutes waiting in line.  Even after seating, the service was slow.  We waited for 15 minutes just to pay our bill because our server just never came back (this was after the brunch crowd slowed down significantly).  

As for food? Well, either my expectations were too high or they just experienced a very bad day. The waffle was dry and too cakey.  And the two pieces of breaded chicken (albeit crispy and had some decent flavors) was not tender nor moist. I understand that eateries have good and bad days, but based on both food and service, it'd probably be a while before I would give Cedar Park Cafe another try.
When my friends and I arrived, there was a little bit of a wait to be seated but it was good we got there when we did because after being seated, the line was longer. The decor of the place is no frills and very casual/chill. 

I decided on the classic chicken and waffles. The meal came with 2 thickly crusted fried chicken tenders which I loved and was happy I didn't have to deal with bones. The chicken was incredibly well seasoned, tender, crispy and yummy! The waffle was covered in butter and powdered sugar. I wasn't a huge fan of the waffle- It was kind of bland. I ate the waffle with the chicken but couldn't really discern the waffle taste. It was also not as crispy as I would have liked. Also on the plate, there was sweet chili sauce on the side which actually went really well with the chicken. 

My friend ordered some chocolate chip hotcakes (pancakes), which I got to try and MAN, they were delicious! There were tons of chocolate chips and powdered sugar sprinkled on top of the pancakes as well as a dab of butter. It was very chocolate-y, the way I like my chocolate chip pancakes to be and the chocolate just melted in my mouth. The hotcakes themselves were also great- Fluffy, warm and full of buttery goodness. 

I also got to try some of my friend's hashbrowns which were so good! They were perfectly crunchy and the potatoes were flavorful. 

Service was decent and the pricing was very reasonable. I believe every meal on the menu was under $10.
Ordered a take out burger. They said it would take 10 minutes. It ended up taking 45 minutes. The burger was over done and there were literally 5 fries. There was no apology or effort to make up for there shit service. Never going back.
First time I visited this morning and had turkey sausage, eggs, pancakes, homefries and grits. The food was pretty good. It was not fall out my chair delicious cause the grits were bland. 

Its was okayyyy...I wouldn't wait in line for the food though
I've walked past Cedar Park Cafe a million times and had never made my way inside - until a few weeks ago on a snow Saturday morning.

What a wonderful, neighborhood spot. Extremely affordable with huge portions - it's reminiscent of a family diner, but plucked down across from Cedar Park in west philly.

Upon my first visit, I went for a classic - just 2 eggs (over easy), some crispy scrapple, 2 pancakes, and grits. Everything was as it should be - messy, delicious, and greasy (in the best way.)

My partner got the Chicken & Waffles and I was super jealous - the chicken was extremely crispy, and the waffle was perfect.

Really can't wait to come back... :)
Mrs Hillary Clinton literally came to Cedar Park Cafe and took a picture with me and my dining friends!!! What an amazing experience!! I never been soo excited to share this moment with my fellow Yelpers and write a review!

So we knew nothing about this moment, this was just a typical Brunch Chronicles day where me and my co workers select a place to have brunch. So I randomly choose the Cedar Park Cafe and obviously Mrs Clinton did too lol!!

Cedar Park Cafe is a community gem! It offers friendly staff, fast seating, delicious brunch and a opportunity to dine in a diverse setting! 

I ordered the meat lovers omelette, grits, and whole wheat toast which was all delicious!! Towards the end of our dining we saw these men in suits looking serious scooping out the restaurant we was then told not to leave until the guest arrived, however we had no idea who it was then low and behold Mrs Clinton walks in she was friendly and shook everyone hands!!

Cedar Park Cafe not only do you offer delicious food but you will now go in history as being apart of the 2016 election!!
I was charged with getting lunch for 50 of my closest coworkers.  I didn't want to go the normal route of greasy pizza, so I searched for "chicken & waffles."  Cedar Park Cafe was the top hit.

They are the sweetest people, and even went as far as saving me a parking spot out front so I could load the food into my car easily.  I can't say enough good things about the service and people.

As for the food - That's another (good) story.  Ever since our office had their first taste of Cedar Park Cafe's chicken and waffles... I've been hounded by numerous coworkers asking for another order.  This happens on a weekly basis.

All the waffles were homemade and unbelievably delicious.  The chicken consisted of boneless breast meat with a panko coating and was equally delicious.  They threw in powdered sugar, syrup, and a sweet and spicy sauce for the chicken.  All of it was amazing.  

Everything went.  Quickly.  Collectively, its our office's favorite meal by far.

Please check this place out.  In a city quickly becoming known for good food - Cedar Park Cafe is killing it.
Well, first things first, they have no system for seating people when you enter. We had a larger group and the only place to sit was the "middle" row. I had to proactively ask what to do because nobody helped us until I walked to the register. We even called ahead to see if there'd be a wait time and the woman said no, yet we probably waited at least 20-30 minutes. 

My husband ordered an iced tea, it said "homemade" but we were seated next to the drinks fountain. They had what looked like iced tea, lemonade, and something red in old plastic bottles of Log Cabin syrup. Yes, you heard that correctly. Who knows how old those bottles are, and the tea was undrinkable. It was diabetes in a cup with how sweet it was, even when we tried to dilute it with water it was a lost cause. 

The food was eh, we finished it mostly because we were so hungry. The service was sub-par, my glass of water was never refilled. I also thought it was funny that their syrup bottles were IHOP. 

There must be better breakfast joints in Philly... I probably wouldn't go back here.
Probably the best fried chicken and waffles I've ever had. And for about $8, it's a definite must go next time I'm in Philly. 

I don't know how they get their fried chicken to be so moist and tasty and perfectly fried but all I care about is that I can eat to my heart's content. 

The space looks vaguely like a Chinese lunch place back home in SF. Maybe that's just what I grew up with when I go to a local, humble and authentic restaurant?

Cedar Park Cafe has that homey feel with plenty of seating. What's not to like?
Great breakfast/brunch spot in West Philly. It's a no frills, no nonsense diner that offers your typical diner options for both breakfast and lunch. I opted for the fried chicken and waffles and was pleasantly surprised. The chicken has a little heat, and the waffles and syrup provide some sweetness and body to balance it all out. Also, the chicken was very moist and tender and the portion was okay even for a large appetite like mine. 

Be prepared to wait, and if you come with a large party, you may need to break up into a few tables unless you're fortunate enough to nab some neighboring tables in the center of the room. 

Family friendly environment that ensures we will be coming back for a while looking forward (as long as there are no more fire mishaps)!!!
A great friend and I came by here earlier today(Saturday, January 27th) around 8 a.m. for breakfast. The place was quiet and not busy at all then. I was quickly seated and as soon as my friend arrived(I arrived about 10 mins before she did), we were greeted by our waitress with menus. She quickly took our drink orders and was able to answer any question we had about the drinks(I had a couple juice questions). Our coffees came out hot, fresh tasting and quickly(within 5-10 minutes). 

Somehow we were so enamored by our conversation that we didn't even think about ordering our food yet. Our waitress was very patient and pleasant even though we hadn't even looked at the food options yet.  We ordered our food the third time she came around and she was very helpful to us while we were putting together our orders and trying to figure out substitutions(we wanted some of everything so it was hard deciding what we wanted to settle for). Our food came out REALLY quickly. I would say in less than 15 minutes. The food was fresh tasting, hot and definitely off the grill/stove(versus microwaved as I've experienced at other places). This was my first time stopping by here and I'm happy to say the staff here and their food definitely left a great first impression on me. I look forward to visiting again soon.
This is good, basic, inexpensive breakfast. The food and service has always been consistent. It is definitely no frills, but it's clean with a bright atmosphere and the food is more than solid. I've never had a bad meal or experience here. I love their home fries and pancakes especially. My one gripe is the use of the fake butter/country crock spread. Real butter please!
Cedar Park Cafe is a solid neighbourhood brunch spot.  It's simple food at a good price.

We've gone for brunch a few times & my fave dish is the veggie home fries, which are nicely fried up potatoes with fried onions and green pepper.   I've also tasted the corned beef hash and creamed chipped beef, both of which are good.  Things I did not enjoy were the fish (dry, overcooked, flavourless) and poached eggs (rubbery).

Service is good.  I like how our waitress will call us things like "sweetie" and "darling" -- it adds to the charm of brunch.

3.5 stars
This place has live roaches! Do not eat there!  I stopped in to dine with my boyfriend for lunch and noticed live roaches at the entrance next to the ATM machine.  Roaches were also crawling on the ATM machine which is located next to the garbage.  We left immediately.  I will not eat here.  I hope that Food Safety Sanitation will inspect this place to ensure that it is up to code.
Super solid breakfast/brunch at an incredible value! I dined here a few years ago and recently ordered breakfast for 2 adults and 2 teen boys. Everything was delicious and plentiful. I LOVE the veggie home fries, they're full of veg & perfectly cooked potatoes. You do have to season them because I taste almost none but man salt, pepper and a dash of sazon wakes it all up. There was enough food for 4 and we were stuffed at $35 it was a steal. Everyone was satisfied, place is solid! Give it a try.
Generous portions
Fair prices
Tasty food

Cedar Park is casual, comfortable, and convivial. I've been on two separate occasions for breakfast - once with a friend, and once with my kids. Each time, everyone left stuffed, satisfied, and happy. 

The menu runs a good gamut from basic eggs, hot cakes, and bacon to creamed chipped beef on toast points (a personal favorite). There are even pork, beef, OR turkey scrapple offerings. For a tidy little breakfast, expect to pay ~$7, and maybe $12 per person for more sides and fixin's.  (Note that credit/debit cards can only be used on checks of $10+.)  Juices are the bottled kind, and the coffee's fine. Service has been friendly and courteous, timely and arm's length. 

This is a recommended breakfast haunt if in the vicinity (or looking for some good scrapple variety!). 

Recommended.
This place was simply delicious! There was a wait when we arrived but it didn't take very long to get a table. People willing to wait outside to eat is usually a good sign and it definitely was here! I got the Benedict with veggie hash browns. It's like $1.75 to add veggies to your hash browns  but it is so worth it! The service was great, everyone was efficient. It was so good that I had to compliment the servers to the owner. I would definitely come back, in fact- if I lived here, this would be my regular spot!
Woke up on a Sunday craving pancakes, turkey bacon, and scrambled eggs and didn't want to cook it....so I yelped, found this place and 30 minutes I was there waiting in line to get a seat aaaaand it was worth the wait! YUMMY food, great service, and reasonable prices...this is one of my new favorite places!!!!
On any given Sunday morning, Cedar Park will have the most perfect mix of West Philadelphia that I can think of. Hipsters, families, old folks, students.... it's an interesting cross-section of the neighborhood.

Food-wise: probably my favorite no-frills breakfast in Philly! Heaping, throw-down portions, and perfect crispy home fries. Good stuff.
Last Sunday my roommate asked if I wanted to go get brunch.  Why not said I.  Where should we go?  Que my cousin, the semi-retired chef's, Facebook status:  "Corned been hash with poached eggs!"  I asked where? and she told me Cedar Park Cafe.

Man, were we ever glad we went!  The place is not much to look at but who cares?  It is a true "greasy spoon" as far as looks go. And you might have a wee bit of a wait, but it is well worth it.

I ordered corned beef hash, crisp with poached eggs, grits (!), and rye toast.  The hash was perfect, and the grits were the best I have had outside of the Dirty South. I was Soooo delighted and then I got to the eggs.  Uh oh!  The yolks were solid!  That's not gonna work with corned beef hash!

We got the server's attention, but she was busy with other customers.  So another server who saw that something seemed off, sent a line cook (!) over. I assured him that everything else was great and that I did not want a new plate of food, just some new eggs.  All he asked was how I wanted the eggs (I just need soft yolks and cooked whites at this stage, was my answer) and off he went.  In about 5 minutes or so I had my eggs perfectly done, served by the line cook himself. Our server came over to make sure it all worked out well and I thanked her for the great service. Heck,I have had worse service in an allegedly 5 star restaurant in NYC!  

You may wonder why 5 stars if my eggs were done wrong.  Well, they earned the full 5 because they handled it so efficiently and without fuss or excuses.  Poached eggs can get overcooked very easily; I won't hold that against them.

Now, here is the best part of all.  Guess how much bruch for two was *with* a 20+% tip?  Go on, guess!  

$21.00

I will definitely eat here again!!  In fact, I would eat here with a hangover!!
Great place for breakfast! The food here is ridiculously amazing and cheap. My favorite is the chicken and waffles. I knocked a star off because of the cleanliness of the place. The tables are always sticky even though I've been here numerous times.
I never knew about this place until my aunt mentioned their amazing chicken and waffles. The wait for a seat line was hanging out the door however luckily I called in for take out. My food was really delicious and the chicken had a lil spice to it.
Cedar Park Cafe is still my favourite neighbourhood brunch spot.  I always order the veggie home fries, well done, so that the potatoes are crispy. The potatoes are fried with vegetables like onions, green pepper, spinach, broccoli, and tomato.

The tofu vegetable scramble is another solid choice if you like veggies, but want some extra protein in there.

I've previously tried the corned beef hash (solid), creamed chipped beef (fine), fish (dry, overcooked, flavourless) and poached eggs (rubbery).

Service is good.
For such a popular eatery they really don't value their customers. While long lines may be great publicity for the newest club, not so much with a diner. Especially,  as you watch tables emptying and not being cleaned off, as you are outside freezing. Why are there only two waitresses on President's Day? Why are they bussing tables and taking orders? I'd be willing to give them a pass but this also happened last Sunday.  Yes, there were more wait staff, but no bus person cleaning- clearing tables and getting folks seated. Perhaps competition is the answer or how about just getting a bus person and showing your customers the respect they deserve! !!
You only get three stars because I've been sitting here for ten minutes and I don't have any coffee.
In terms of service, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. Although we waited for 10 minutes just to get a menu and another 15 to get some water, our food comes out really quickly once the orders went in. So I rate service as average.

The food was not bad. I had the fried chicken and waffle, which everyone assured me was the best I could order from Cedar Park Cafe. I also got a side of home fries. The fried chicken was well seasoned, breaded white meat (breast, I think). The crunch was good, but overall I prefer Federal Donuts' chicken. The waffle was good, but again, it's hard to mess up waffle, especially when you drown it in butter. The home fries also adequate, but I've had much better at brunch places of the same reputation.

I'm vaguely disappointed in general but perhaps my expectations were too high. Ultimately, I've had better brunch at places with less hype.
Great spot for breakfast in West Philly.  Eggs ordered "over easy" came "over easy".  That doesn't happen very often anywhere I've ever been to.  Four pieces of bacon with "home-fries".  They even ask if you want the bell peppers and onions when you order.  Good tasting coffee.  Good service.  

Reasonably priced, I didn't look closely at the menu, so when the bill came, I think the toast and coffee are added to the dish as extras.  I'll double check next time and there will be a next time, maybe even tomorrow, it was that good.
Review base on customer service only. 
We arrived about 30 mins before closing. There was a few workers towards kitchen area that look at us when we arrived. Stood there for about 10 mins with no greeting. Finally a young lady said we close at 3, you can come have a seat but have to be out by 3. We looked at the time.. 20 mins til close. Why not just tell us from the beginning that they closing soon and we would of left. I understand that it was a nice Friday afternoon and you want to go home ontime but why the attitude? We didn't know. Would of love to try their chicken and waffles but we will never know now.
The food is ok the service is good . However my recent visit was a bit disappointing and disturbing due to a bug problem (roaches) in which when the owner was informed had a bit of a passive attitude. When the owner was informed she sent employee out to where we were seated to kill the bug discreetly , almost immediately after that bug was disposed of, another bug was spotted. I would not recommend to anyone to eat here
I had a delicious breakfast on a busy weekday morning. The food was good, especially the waffle. Coffee was good. It was very busy for the time of the morning. I will definitely be back if I am in the neighborhood again.
Still a go-to spot 6 years later. Love that they have chicken cheese steaks since I don't eat beef. It can get a bit busy during peak hours but they're quick and easy to order from.
Cedar Park Cafe is the epitome of West Philly - comfortable, friendly, and chill. This diner feels homey and welcoming, especially with its friendly staff. The service here is amazing - I'm not sure what her name is but one of the waitresses has amazing memory and can remember your order to the dot without jotting a thing.

I got the chicken and waffles and it was so good! The portions are quite big and great for its price. As for the flavor, the chicken is nice and crisp and tastes even better with the complementary sweet chili sauce that is on the side. I also always enjoy the bottomless coffee here. Just another reminder that this place is no frills but just strictly amazing food. Would recommend for a brunch out at west Philly.
I have been coming here for years!  I normally order some oatmeal and a coffee.  I wanted to make an order for pick up and I was 20 minutes away.  I spoke to the Asian female manager who was EXTREMELY rude and disrespectful.  She told me that she could not take my order because they had just opened and no one was there and that when I got there the food would not be done.  She didn't even know that I was coming from across town.  She simply assumed that I was around the corner.  I asked to speak to someone else and she said "who you wanna speak to the cook!"  I was sooo upset I went there anyway (that's how I found out that the person i spoke to was an Asian female)  I went to the counter and she was just as rude in person!  She pointed to a sign that said that she did not have to serve me!  I said I did not come to be served food.  Why would I order from someone who is rude and disrespectful!  I am an educator by profession and I am writing this in Hope's of getting the attention of the owner of the facility so that I can be addressed properly.
I've been dying to eat here for months and when I finally got the opportunity to, I wasn't really pleased.
To begin with, the lines were out the door. Luckily we've only been waiting for 15minutes or so. They need a host by the door to seat people because things were getting hectic. Anyways, service was kind of slow. I understand the server was backed up but it took her a while to get us drinks/take our orders. 
The food came out very fast. I asked for my eggs well done but instead it was cold and wasn't cooked well. Everything else was okay. This place reminds me of IHOP. I'm glad I gave this place a try, but there are definitely other places in the area that's better.
I have been here a couple times for breakfast and it is soooooo nice to have a real 'breakfast' restaurant in my neighborhood. The restaurant is open 7 days a week 7 am - 3pm. The service is speedy and everyone is really nice. Good prices! Vegetarian choices. They have breakfast sandwiches and several platters. Also, serves lunch. Lunch platters and Hoagies. 

Both times I have gottena breakfast platter. They will add cheese for .30 extra and green peppers and onions to the home fries for .30. I brought a friend my second time and she agreed, it was really good. We will bring more people.

Good deals, clean and friendly. welcome to our neighborhood.
Breakfast was great.  Nice quaint, clean spot, service was good and food was great.  They have a good menu and good location.  

I wish I could give it 3.5 stars but I can't, only whole numbers here!

I didn't give it four only because I specifically asked for spinach in my great tasting omelet and there was none and not once did the waitress/server come and ask how our meal was so I never really got a chance to tell her.  I was going to flag her down but hubby told me not to, so I obliged because the food was so good... besides who sends the food back.

I would surely revisit again and this time get spinach in my omelet.  Hubby and daughter had french toast which was delish, and their homefries are banging!!!
This place is one of the best finds in West Philly. I walked in for an early breakfast (they open at 7) and saw that they had a fair amount of people in there eating at the tables and also at the diner counter. I was told that I could sit anywhere and someone would assist me. I chose a nice seat by the window and was promptly presented with a menu from which I ordered the platter consisting of french toast or pancakes, sausage or bacon, eggs and home fries (all for 8.00!). I added sliced wheat toast for an extra .75. The food came within the next 10 minutes! They are fast at this place. I even went today and same thing! 

Now on to the food:

French toast:Phenomenal. Three huge, fluffy and buttery slices. Add syrup and it was a golden river of pure deliciousness flowing down my plate.

Vegetable home fries: Hearty portion that had plenty of vegetables (mushrooms, peppers, onions, tomatoes and spinach). My favorite part of my breakfast (though I struggled choosing since the French toast was also the best I've ever had).

Bacon: 4 Long and meaty strips, not those short thin strips you get everywhere else. 

Eggs: Fluffy and tasty! 

The service in this place is also wonderful. Everyone seems to be in good spirits and are so polite and attentive. It is such a comfortable environment to dine in and with the prices, you get more than you pay for here!
This place is right down the block from where I get my haircut and I try to stop in when I can for one of my favorite meals...Chicken and Waffles!!   It's so good here, and at a very fair price!   The chicken is a little spicy, but paired with the sweet waffle and maple syrup, it's pure perfection.   I stopped in this morning with my daughters, since they were off from school.   I knew the portions were on the large size, so we ordered two plates, to share between the 3 of us and we even had leftovers!

We ordered the Chicken and Waffles, and a plate of creamed chipped beef.   The chipped beef on toast comes with 2 eggs, any style and grits or hash browns.   One of my girls wanted a side of bacon, too, so we had that, as well.  The service was friendly and efficient and the food came out quite quickly.   Both of my girls liked the chicken and waffles and they devoured the chipped beef plate.    

I'll definitely return when I'm in the area.  Credit Cards only over $10 bill.
Sunday morning in University City/West Philadelphia.  I was hungry and happy I ended up in front of Cedar Park Cafe.  I was really happy I kept reading the menu until I found the Danwich section.   A breakfast cheesesteak with eggs and hash browns. Everybody's on the good traditional roll together. I do wish everybody got mixed together on the grill but little bite discipline takes care of that.  $7.50, you know I love that.
Love the food and the fact that this is a sit down eatery in the community. The service is always great from the wait staff to check out. For those who don't eat meat they have delicious salmon cakes. I normally over do it with pancakes eggs salmon cakes and veggie home fries (Sleep please)  Must go!
Okay so since my last visit I have fell in love with this place. I've only been here about 7 times since the first review and I'm a regular. Great service, great food and on busy days it's worth the wait to be seated.
The University City area has numerous food spots. This place gets pretty packed during brunch hours, especially on the weekends. As soon as you walk in, you feel a comforting, home-y vibe. There's an eclectic blend of people from hipsters to university students to families who are all coming together for a hearty and delicious meal at a great price. 

My girlfriend and I love brunch, and Cedar Park Cafe has become one of our favorites spots. Our normal order is Chicken and Waffles and the Dankwich, which we split and share. The chicken is fried to a nice crunch with a well-seasoned breading. The Dankwich has several options you can choose from, and it is basically a breakfast platter in a hoagie roll. It sounds questionable, but you won't regret ordering this. My girlfriend also really enjoys the Corn Beef Hash. 

Cedar Park Cafe is a staple of West Philadelphia as well as in our hearts.
Too bomb! I've been looking for a breakfast spot in Philly for a minute and I think I've found the best one. Everything was good, the waffle was a little to thick for my liking and lacked taste but it could've been because it was to-go (I noticed pancakes and waffle are best when fresh off the pan). The veggies home fries is my new fav and the eggs were cooked exactly how I wanted. Will definitely be back!
I'm going to just repeat the other reviews by saying the chicken and waffles here are BOMB. But it's necessary because you need to see this and go get it! 

We went on a busy weekend and the line was out the door, but we saw the reviews and wanted to pull through. Nothing in the area sounded as promising. So after finally being seated, we were greeted by a friendly waitress who was quick yet attentive. 

The fried chicken comes out hot and crispy. You can tell it was freshly fried, the meat is tender and well seasoned, and the crust on it is unparalleled. It's paired perfectly with a sweet chili sauce. And of course you have the waffle which is not too soft, the right amount of bite and a side of syrup. Together, with the chicken and the waffle and the syrup or the chili sauce, it's just a pair meant to be. 

Now go get you some!
I had heard pretty rave reviews about this place from friends and was excited to hear that they were back in business after the building next door fell on their roof.

On the down side...
I got a burger and onion rings and it was just about the most standard burger and fries you could get.  It wasn't bad but there was absolutely nothing special about it.  I wish that the burger was cooked a little more.  Seemed like both the burger and the onion rings were probably frozen.  Really I would have enjoyed a McDonalds burger more and paid a fraction of the price.

On the plus side...
My girlfriend got one of the breakfast combos and absolutely loved it.  The home fries were very tasty.  She is very excited to go back again.  Also on the plus side, I really liked the ambiance and service.  I like that this restaurant had a more representative sample of West Philly demographics, unlike neighboring restaurants that only seem to attract the middle white class hipsters of this area.  I enjoyed seeing people of all ages, styles, races, and economic backgrounds enjoying a nice meal together.
I'm not sure how this place would stack up in another neighborhood w/ more competition, but for the location--long lacking for a decent breakfast place-- it rocks. Plus, it's pretty new--while there may be kinks to work out, my experience left me confident that  the owners are on top of it and that it will just get better over time.

The breakfast is quality, esp. for the price.. My husband, who worked his way through college working at a Denny's, was a bit bothered by the waitress offering cheese for his scrambled eggs  and peppers+onions for our home fries without mentioning it would cost more (apparently a time-honored way to jack up the bill and thus tip?). I didn't get that vibe--I think she was just trying to be helpful--just noting and logging it.

Service was quick and gracious. Food was great. I only skimmed the lunch menu, but it looked enticing.

So glad to finally have a breakfast option nearby...as a previous Yelper said, welcome to our neighborhood!
So I live in the area and was looking for a good breakfast spot . I came across this place and decided to give it a try due to all the excellent ratings I have to start by saying the atmosphere was pleasant . My family ordered eggs, sausages and pancakes with hash browns . Our waitress was pretty nice but nothing to brag about . I was looking forward to the pancakes bc it's my favorite breakfast of choice. The pancakes were awful so awful id choose the pancakes box any day . I could literally taste baking soda or powder whatever it was it was strong . The eggs were absolutely tasteless and I ordered sunny side up , they were
Barely cooked . The hash browns again not seasoned and tasteless and very greasy May I say the food was overall a grease ball ( yuck ) Sadly the
Sausage was the only good thing to eat . Pricing wasn't bad but mostly I was disappointed in the menu it was little to choose from  . I am surprised at how many positive ratings this place has either we came at a bad day or people don't know what decent good food is . I wouldn't ever recommended this place to anyone unless there going for coffee and I sure wouldn't come back .
Deeply confused on the buzz of great reviews here. The food is beyond mediocre, the service is awful, wait time is ridiculously long because the service is so awful and slows the time people are seated. 

I actually liked this place better when it first opened. It had more space with that diner feel because of the counter seats for individuals. But I figured I would give it a 2nd try since it's become such a popular spot. 

We waited 30min for a seat, 10min for the waitress to "greet" us- it took us standing up to walk out for her to come over. Then she forgot to bring several different elements of our order out- from coffee and tea to a waffle. 

Sure it's super cheap, but that's about it's got going for it, and that's if cheap is worth the wait, rudeness and diarrhea you'll have later.
I was so very disappointed with this place I sat there 45 mins before I was greeted and once I was greeted the server was so rude. I'm a server myself so I was trying to be patient put it was ridiculous. The food was good and came out quick but everything else sucked
Let me start off with this....the food here is bananas! 

Came here for the first time this past Saturday with the fam. Now my wife had ordered from here once before, and kept raving about this spot to me for weeks. Finally broke it down, gave in, and took the short 5 min. drive over. Parking wasn't bad for a busy & beautiful Sat. morning on Baltimore Ave...I know how hectic it can get. We strolled in and waited about 15-20 min. to be seated. It was packed as expected but we came at a good time, so getting a table was no issue.

The waitress and staff here are very gracious and courteous. Very clean space. I ordered the chicken and waffles. That was the first time I've ever had that for breakfast, anywhere. The chicken is very fresh, with the right amount of crispiness on the outside, and tender on the inside. The portions are very generous for the price (I believe it was around $8.00 or so). The waffles were thick and hearty, with just the right amount of butter, just the way Dee likes 'em!

What I really enjoyed the most (aside from the food of course), was the diversity of the customers seated around me, kids, teens, and adults....smiling, laughing and enjoying their meals. I was soaking up that moment, and made me realize how important it is for us as a community to continue going out and supporting our local businesses. Especially the establishments that put out great food and service such as Cedar Park Cafe.

So yeah, I'm a fan, and will most def be back at some point...for lunch!

Later...
the food was excellent and affordable. I will definitely be going back if I'm in the area. our waitress was very nice and helped us on suggestions where to go walk around.
Your neighborhood diner! I actually have a hard time finding good yet simple cafes/diners, but this is it! I always order chicken and waffles, and the chicken never fails to be crispy! I've had almost everything here now on the menu, from the wraps to the grits, and although it is not the most amazing food you'll ever have, you will leave happy, even with the bill :) 

PS. Apparently even Clinton has been here now?
This is in my neighbourhood and I've come here handful of times. Some times I get cravings for home fries and typical diner breakfast food. It's owned by Koreans so at first I wasn't too sure if they knew how to make good American style breakfasts (my doubts are from me being a Korean-American and mostly seeing Koreans owning dry cleaners, fruit stands, Stop and Go marts, and corner groceries). Rest assured, their breakfast selections are good and tastes delicious. I love their home fries, esp with peppers and onions. Their eggs are always done right too (fried, scrambled, or omelette). I also appreciate them having vegetarian and vegan options because it makes it easier coming here with vegetarian or vegan friends. Service is always great! Prompt, efficient, and friendly. The place is spacious, but they always have customers and I have not seen the place slow. Price is pretty good too, usually for breakfast food about $9 and they give you a lot! I don't feel like I need to go to S. Philly, NE Philly, or Germantown to go to some good diners. So glad Cedar Park Cafe is nearby. Parking can be a challenge (I usually walk there), but you will be able to find a parking within few blocks from the cafe.
Clean, delicious and affordable. I do work in the area so its always feels like you have the best news in town when you find a restuarant that exceeds your expectations. While the decor is very minimal the staff is colorful, friendly and timely.  I have visited at least three times since my first visit and coworkers have followed. The one dish that I seem to gravitate to is the Veggie Home Fries. Who would of thought of adding veggies to home fries? So glad that Cedar Park Cafe thinks outside the box. I am not afraid to putt ketchup on my broccoli with this mixture. Anyway maybe one day I will move on to something else on the menu. For now though I recomment the Veggie Home Fries and to check out this lil diamond. There is plenty of seating and kid friendly. Bon Apetite..
The food is amazing, but the wait is terrible. We had to wait for an hour before getting seated. After being seated, we had to wait for another hour before getting our food. Tables who had ordered after us got their food before we did, which was annoying. The portions are huge, and the food is very good. But, a two hour wait is not worth it when you are hungry and just want to eat breakfast!
First off- they have turkey scrapple...I didn't know that even existed and it was awesome. 

The place is really clean and the staff are very nice. I had a chicken sandwich and it was really juicy and flavorful. I had hashbrowns instead of fries and that was a great decision. They were crispy with onions and peppers, the way they should be at a good diner. My boyfriend had the Western omelet and based on the clean plate, I'm thinking he liked it. 

I wish this was a little closer to walk to from work, but I'll take a ride over here whenever I have my car.
Who doesn't love brunch?? I'm pretty disappointed in myself for not visiting this place any sooner since it's so close to home. My sister and I decided to try the chicken and waffles, and the #6 (I believe) breakfast platter that had came with eggs, pancakes, home fries and a choice of protein. The chicken from my dish was a bit on the dry side and the breading fell right off the chicken, but the waffle itself was yummy. My sister on the other hand, enjoyed everything except the soggy home fries. The potatoes weren't crispy at all and seemed a bit wet. Even with the slight problems with our meals, we would definitely visit again to try other dishes at Cedar Park Cafe.
This review is not for the food (which really wasn't all that great anyway), this is for our server. My girlfriend and I tried this place for the first time today. We went because it always seemed to have a line out the door. When we arrived, we sat down immediately and received menus from a hostess. No one else came to the table for at least another 20 minutes. Our server arrived (finally), and took our drink orders. She didn't return with our drinks (just two cups of coffee and a glass of water) for about ten minutes. She didn't ask if we were ready to order, which was really strange. We waited another ten minutes for her to come back and ask for our order, and she didn't even know the menu. Okay, she may be new, but having my menu taken away so she could read it herself was unpleasant and, frankly, rude. After she took our order, we waited and waited for what felt like forever. We watched other patrons enter and leave with full before we received our food. I even had to chase her down for coffee refills! She was lazy, inattentive, slow, and unpleasant. I really hate leaving lousy tips, but this server didn't get a dime from me. If you get lucky enough to end up with the right server, you'll have a MUCH better experience than we did, guaranteed.
Chicken was tasty. Waffles were standard waffle batter from a standard waffle iron. Bacon was not the highest quality. However everything was very reasonably priced, and the dining room was clean. Service above average. Bathrooms were soso.
Inexpensive food. Pretty good. Line is usually out the door. I really don't have anything negative to say about the place except it should be a tad bigger to accommodate its audience but other than that it's cool.
I came around noon on a weekday, so there wasn't a wait. This cafe is in a pleasant location. Beautiful trees are waving outside. Unfortunately my sis and I couldn't get the window seats, but it was still nice to watch nonetheless.

In terms of the food and service, I would say they were just OK. The server we had was good, adequate enough. She was standing off to the side not really paying attention when we asked for her to take our check, but this is nothing against her character. Could she have been more alert-- yeah. Could she have been bubblier, yes probably. But she was good.

The food I had was nothing incredible really. I used to live in Southwest Philly, and Woodland Village makes similar food, for cheaper. I think their platters are $4, in fact. The venue isn't as nice or as clean, but the food is comparable to here.  So of course it was a little disappointing to have eggs, sausage links and a waffle that tasted like something I could make myself at home or get at Woodland Village for around $8. For all that, I may as well have paid an extra few dollars and gone to Sabrina's and had one of their breakfast concoctions.

I finished all my food. I enjoyed the time of day and the atmosphere. I just wasn't amazed by what I had for breakfast. Maybe I'll go back for the Chicken and Waffles?
Local favorite for giant portions of classic breakfast fare with upscale twists like Salmon. 

Seriously best breakfast bang for the buck, nicely executed, great service, coffee always full, during very busy weekend brunch!
This place is exactly what a diner should be. The food isn't the best I've ever had, but the vegetarian options are great for a diner! The service is great and the food came out quickly. I would say that in  the neighborhood the veg options aren't the best possible but if you are looking for a quick and diner experience go here.
Good place for breakfast. The food was good. I ordered the #10 breakfast with chocolate chip pancakes based on another review that I read. Sooooo chocolatey and delicious. My boyfriend ordered the same but with banana pancakes. Just an FYI, the chocolate chips and blueberries are cooked into the pancakes, all other options are just toppings, $1.75 extra charge. 

The waitress was friendly, and made sure that we satisfied with our meals. 

The downside of the cafe is the door. For traffic purposes, it would be great if they add another door, just for the flow of traffic. Also, the clearing of tables could be a little more efficient if they hired someone to do that to help the waitresses, bc it is quite busy.

Overall, I would go back. The food is fresh, reasonably priced, and the meals were great and made to order.
I just attempted to eat here. I stood near the please wait to be seated sign for 5 minutes, made eye contact with staff multiple times and never was seated, so I left.
Horrible service!!! Especially on Sunday's!!! It's a shame because the food is good. Not sure why, but people don't seem to understand their jobs...waitresses working at the register and not helping customers. Come on man!!!!
Yummy chicken and waffles! Simple, no fuss breakfast diner. It's standard fare so don't expect the fancied-up food (and prices) that you get in center city. 
I went on a Thursday morning so there was no line or wait. 
Will definitely go back to try their other bfast foods!
I am happy with Cedar Park Cafe and have nothing bad to say.  It is my default restaurant when I am working nearby.  They have the usual breakfast food and sandwiches.  I usually get corned beef hash and fried eggs.  The food arrives promptly and the potatoes are unusually brown and crisp.  The coffee is good.  Hash and coffee costs around $10.

They open early, but close after lunch, at 3:00.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yesssssss

What can I say? When I walked in I immediately was like "meh, I'm not going to like this as a breakfast/brunch place." Boy was I so wrong. 

First the food is literally 5 stars. I'd sworn off chicken and waffles after being disappointed by lack of flavor in the chicken but this place restored my belief! The chicken was perfectly seasoned n very crispy- to perfection. The waffles were fluffy n the butter was the icing on the cake. 

The BLT- usually I abstain from buying BLTs in public bc I mean, come on u can make that ish at home. But this one was worth it- idk what it was but It was crazy good- I'm sure there was a special sauce or mayo on it. Whatever it was, I'll def get it again. 

Even the basic breakfast platters are exceptional. It comes with two eggs (obviously I got over easy) and hash browns but the hash browns are HUGE, filled with onions and bell peppers, and perfectly crispy.  Honestly, aside from the eggs, the hashbrowns stole the show. I got my platter with the salmon steak- which was admittedly "just ok" at best but dipped in the egg yolk it worked just fine. 

Finally atmosphere - yes today is a cold dreary day but this place is perfectly quaint and calm. The staff are friendly, and the service is respectful and not overbearing. Perfect for anytime of day.
We have been customer at Cedar Park Cafe 3 years now and most of the times we had good experience, but the last two times were not pleasant. The first one two weeks ago when we got inside we sat at a table which was almost clean. They told us the table was dirty and we need to move to different table. The waitres did not even look in our eyes and did not try to finish cleaning up the table. The second time was yesterday April 20th. After we ordered the food, we saw tons of ants moving around the wall and on our table, later on the ants came to our food.
I love this place!  I love that the staff are so ridiculously friendly that even if they screw something up it's impossible to be annoyed.   I love the subtle upsell when you order homefries and they say "would you like peppers and onions in those too?"  or "want cheese on your eggs"...these girls are good.  I love how Baltimore Ave is lined with police cars b/c they're all inside eating.  I love how cheap it is for two people to eat breakfast.  I love how they warn you that the sausage is pork (AND you can get links or patties).   I love how ALL of West Philly eats here as neighbors and friends.  

I'm giving 5-stars for what this place is -- a VERY decent neighborhood diner that serves up a filling cheap breakfast and in relation to other breakfast/lunch serving cafes (including others right up the street) it's great !  It's not 5-star in comparison to someplace like Lacroix, that would be an apples/oranges sort've thing...
First time here today, food was excellent. I had the #8 with scrambled eggs, bacon, home fries, and French toast. All was excellent. Boyfriend had the chicken and waffles which was amazing. Service was a little slow but they were busy, but our server was friendly. Only reason for not giving a full five stars is that there's not much room to wait. It's first come, first serve... Just wait in line.
This is a good breakfast spot, which is hard to find in this neighborhood.

It's heavy on the egg dishes. They do have pancakes, french toast, and waffles, but they are all listed as sides and require you to build your own plate when wanting one of them to be your main item. This is one of a few knocks, and the reason why I am not giving this 4 or 5 stars. 

Another knock was with the waffle the only fruit they had was bananas. In fact, that's the only fruit they had if you wanted fruit. 

The last knock is the servers seemed a bit harried and not the most attentive, some more so than others.

Knocks aside, the food was real good and the price was good. I had cheese eggs, pancakes, sausage and potatoes. It all tasted great, but the potatoes with the add on of peppers and onions was truly awesome.

My wife got a waffle, bacon and potatoes. The waffle was great, and thankfully we had fresh strawberries and whipped cream at home.

If the servers lighten up and the menu expands to be more than an egg focused place, this spot can be great.

All that said, if you live in this area, you probably won't find much better for your breakfast needs.
Visited here today, a rainy Wednesday morning before thanksgiving. There were about 3 tables seated when I walked in. I was greeted and told I could sit wherever I'd like. The waitress was at my table shortly after. She was very kind and polite. I ordered a cup of coffee, a water, and the chicken and waffles. The waitress brewed a fresh pot of coffee which was nice.  I really enjoyed the chicken and waffles. It had a great outer coating of what seemed like corn flakes and spices, making it crispy on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside. The spices were very tasty in my opinion, however, if you are a person that cannot handle any spice, I would suggest you order something else (or perhaps they can leave the spices out). The waitress was kind and I never felt rushed. I was checked on throughout my meal, received a coffee refill when it was low, and my check was delivered in a timely manner. I enjoyed my visit here and will definitely be back.
Service was good! food was great! my mom and I came at the perfect time. We dodged a bullet and were seated right away. Right as we sat down, a long line started forming and had people waiting at least 10 mins before being seated. With that being said, this place gets busy quick! I got the California omelette and it was okay, but I wouldn't get it again. I loved the potato bread though. My mom got the cheesesteak and it was good !
Fast service, good quality food. I've been here a handful of times and each time the food and service have been awesome. 

Maybe my only issue is that parking is kind of a hassle but it's on Baltimore, what do you expect ya know?
3.5 stars

I think of this place as the neighborhood IHOP, but with cleaner interior and friendlier staff, as well as more affordable prices.

My bf and I ordered two orders of #1 which is two eggs any style, 2 slices of toast, home fries and choice of meat (BACON of course) + I ordered a cup of coffee all for $15.17 before tip.

The food was very standard. Easy, breakfast food. My eggs were cooked as they should be, I ordered them over easy and they were perfectly done so. The bacon was crispy, good. Coffee was good. But the hash browns, I have a suggestion of seasoning them a bit better. I didn't say anything, but my boyfriend brought up the same point. But it's alright, since there's salt and pepper at the table for us to season to our liking.

Overall, a good neighborhood breakfast stop with extremely affordable prices and good portions. You can't compare this to Sabrinas, Green Eggs or anything like that. That's not what this is, or what they try to claim to be. They're just a simple diner, but they do it alright :)
I was hoping for the experience that many Yelpers enjoyed but was sadly disappointed.

Our waitress was miserable. She clearly didn't want us to be there. When our food arrived, we had to wait a few minutes for utensils. When we asked for asked for water the first time, we thought that once would be enough. Would I have liked a second cup of coffee? Our waitress will never know. 

The food was "meh". I had the the grits, eggs and salmon platter. The salmon was fried until the flavor was gone leaving only a dry brick in its place. The grits were blessed with a giant glob of butter.

The Mrs ordered an omelet but made the mistake of assuming all of the ingredients she requested - crazy stuff like cheese - would be included. I guess the chef gets to pick the ones he/she feels like including.

No plans to return.
Honestly, I'm kind of obsessed with any place that serves chicken and waffles because it's one of my favorite brunch foods, but this place seriously knew how to do it right. So, I know that the Yelp page for Cedar Park Cafe is way oversaturated with the same picture of their standard chicken and waffles, but I still felt compelled to add the image of my personal plate, simply because it was absolutely scrumptious!

I actually feel really late to the game in visiting this place, because apparently it's a well-known West Philly gem that I hadn't known about before. Anyways, I'm glad to have finally tried it out because it really was as good as everyone had said. 

I came with a group of 7 on Sunday afternoon, so we were a bit nervous about getting seated (apparently the lines go out the door on weekends), but fortunately we must have timed it right because there weren't any lines. We still had to wait a while because we had a larger group, but we weren't in a rush so it didn't hamper the experience. In general, the service was excellent and friendly, the ambiance was a simple no-frills type of pleasant, and everything on the menu was very reasonably priced and looked great. Even though I've only had the chicken and waffles so far, one of the guys from our group who was a true veteran to this place affirmed that everything on the menu was, in fact, delicious. 

It's also located just a few blocks away from my church (one of my most favorite places in the world), so I hope to frequent it more often! My only dilemma will be whether I will try out some of the other tasty looking items on their menu or continue to treat myself to their tried-and-true excellent chicken and waffles.
This brunch place is close to my house so I visit here on Sundays. I tried several dishes on their menu so far and all of them are pretty good. Waiting could be long during weekend. Service is kind of slow. Normally need to wait 15 to 20 mins to get have your food served. All the omelets in the middle of their menu are pretty big in size, served with hash browns and stuffed with generous cheese and vegetables. The waffle and fried chicken is also classic and delicious. The fried chicken tastes sort of Asian-ish flavored with some secret MSG salt I guess ;)The meat is juicy inside and crunchy. Strongly Recommend it!
My daughter and I ate here for the first time yesterday... She didn't want to wait the 5 to 15 minutes to be seated and was like mom can you take me to IHOP.. Uugh no.. When I tell you the food and service was THEE BEST!!! We will be back...Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
This is a great late brunch option during the weekends when the big morning rush dies down after 1 pm. Usually there is no wait or 5 minute wait at this time. One big complaint is that they don't have an organized system for seating guests. The servers don't always greet incoming patrons (which should be required Waffle House-style) and they sometimes tell you to seat yourself (which can lead to one or two people taking up tables for 4) or they'll seat you (whenever they get around to talking to you). 

I've ordered a several different dishes at this point and they have varies from ok to awesome. The chicken wings and onion rings are just ok. The wings are either lightly dredged in flour or not at and then fried whole. They aren't really seasoned so the wings are pretty bland. The "onion rings" made of formed, chopped onions that are breaded. The chicken fingers were a bit over battered and dry. The smashwich (or whatever it's called) was pretty good: your choice of breakfast meat with hash browns and eggs in a hoagie roll, but unspectacular. The club sandwich is classic diner fare that is very well executed. The egg and omelette platters are a very good deal and dang tasty. The best thing on the menu is definitely the waffle. It's gently sweet, very crispy and covered in butter. So good!

The service is generally pretty attentive (once you're seated), the restaurant and bathrooms are very clean, the food is a good, tasty value
I recently returned to this restaurant, as promised, after hearing some good things.  I like that the booth style seats have been replaced by tables and chairs, this is much easier to navigate.

The food is as good as my last visit.  I had to ask for silverware, but that was rectified right away.
The service was lousy and the food made me violently  ill for the remainder of the day.  My experience was nothing like everyone else's, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
A friend and I tried the Diner based on Yelp reviews.  I can say, coffee-holic that he is, his cup of coffee was never empty!  I was impressed with my Tilapia platter (with scrambled eggs and their veggie homefries - didn't know what veggie homefries were but now I'm a fan!).  The servers were all great and very attentive.  The customers that came and went ranged from college students, to families, to buddies getting together to Philly's finest.  A great dining experience and very reasonably priced.
Food was fast, hot pretty good. Need to stop having people standing outside the door pan handling and hassling customers on their way in. Other than that pretty good experience.
Loved it!! Last minute search on yelp that immediately became my Togo breakfast spot. Me, my bf and another couple ordered different dishes. I got the homefries, eggs, bacon n french toast. It was soooo good! Bacon wasn't dripping in oil n french toast was far from soggy. My bf ordered something that included sausage and pancakes n it was absolutely delicious. The other couple ordered chicken and waffles and a breakfast platter with grits. I don't even eat grits but the way she demolished them it was something I'm willing to try but only from cedar park. 

The waitress was so lovely. I don't know if this place was truly byob....but they were very :) accommodating.

My one reason for not handing them 5 stars...the wait.  Instead of seating by party size..they seat first come first serve so.. 2 people at 4 person table while a party of 4 waits...yea not so cool.
This is a cool and casual brunch spot! The food was delicious, inexpensive, and came out quickly. The servers were friendly and the eating area is clean. There is a bit of a wait to be seated because this cafe is popular in the area, but it's worth it! I wouldn't recommend bringing a party larger than 4-6 people though. It's a great spot to grab brunch with friends and/or family.
If you're looking for classic breakfast food that is soul lifting, this is the place. Super busy during the weekends so go early or calla head.
This is a great place to grab breakfast! I've been pretty hooked on the western 3 egg omelette and hashbrowns! 

If you plan to pay with a card there is a $10 minimum.
It's not Honey's, but I'm ok with that. My wife housed her yummy pancakes. I had the two eggs with french toast, and home fries with green peppers and onions. Nothing fancy. 

You won't find the artisan, craft, fusion dining here --- or whatever trendy/hipster moniker you can dig up. Sometimes a simple place to eat with good, friendly, prompt service, is all one needs. 

Since it's in our neighborhood, we'll be coming here more often.
What a treat. Great food at the right price. One time was given Ham instead of Pork Roll but I think it was my fault because I asked for "Taylor Ham" which is a North Jersey translation of "Taylor Pork Roll" as it's more commonly referred to in South Jersey/Philly (as I understand). Once I dropped my eggs on the floor and they offered to bring me new ones. French toast is a bit too buttery. Flapjacks are 10/10. Very post-church vibe on Sundays in a good way. Great location, sometimes the kitchen is slow but the servers are very communicative about it and they're all doing their best ! Definitely recommend for a low-key morning bite.
Went here after reading reviews on Yelp. Went there as a party of 4 for breakfast. It was everything the reviews said it was. Ordered chicken and waffle - Great! We also ordered Eggs Benedict, omelet, and the hash browns. Huge portions, great taste, and worth every penny of the very reasonable prices that won't break your bank account. We will be back - soon!
Something has gone horribly wrong at the CPC. We used to be regulars, every week for breakfast, but a few months ago, something changed. The service, which had been brisk, efficient and friendly, became inattentive and lackadaisical. The food which had always been generous, well cooked and tasty, became skimpy and poorly presented. 
Today, we decided to try our old favorite again. When we came in there were many empty tables, but it took a minute for someone to acknowledge us and allow us to be seated. 
We sat at our table, without menus for five minutes, while several wait staff walked in circles around the restaurant. A pair was seated to our right and one waiter, gave them menus, and came back to take their drink order and then brought them their drinks. 
We still waited to even be given menus. My husband finally went to the front and got us menus. We still had not been addressed.
At 15 minutes of waiting for ANY kind of service we left. 
So sad, we really used to love to see our regular super friendly and fast waiters and eat and inexpensive quick breakfast, but no more. 
CPC, get it together and hire a decent waitstaff again!
The most ridiculous service I've ever seen, after waiting for 20 minutes no one seated us, and when we went to the front desk, the lady sent us back to the door. After another 5 minutes we decided to leave. The funny thing was that there were no one waiting to be seated ahead of us. And when you tell them, they just ignore you, waiters walk by staring at you and ignoring that you are waiting for long.
If you live in West Philly definitely go to Cedar Park you will not be disappointed. The weekends are crowded so be warn you may be standing in line for a table
This could have been a 5 star rating however in the middle of enjoying my very delicious meal... a four legged friend decided to join me and my husband for breakfast  We called our waitress over and she quickly told who I'm assuming is one of the bosses? The boss kindly walked over and smashed our friend on the wall and walked away  We immediately asked for the check, was charged and paid full price. I tipped and thanked the waitress and gave her my fair well because sadly...we will never return
I haven't been here for about a year and wow did this place exceed my expectations! I already knew the chicken and waffles were good but this time it was absolutely amazing. The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. It also might just be me but I think the chicken size is bigger! The price is still very much affordable and the service is decent. The place gets really crowded on a weekend so plan accordingly. I usually like going on a weekday to avoid the crowds.
One of the Best places in this west Philly area (we have many) this place has been around for a very long time and have always been on top of their game! Been around longer than the yelp app itself and I'm a yelper so decided to send out a review if u are new to the area and want to go to a nice good atmosphere sit down cafe with great prices this will be your go to ! Also they have a vegan friendly menu! As well
I haven't order anything bad here yet. The wait service is not bad it's the kitchen that's slow waited a good amount of time before my food came out the place wasn't busy like it usually is oh well the food good just gotta pack your patient.
This was my first time in Cedar Park, and naturally my friend and I were looking for a brunch place. This place caught our eye because it was so close. We were immediately seated but we quickly realized this was a super popular joint. And soon we realized why.

 The portions are enormous and delicious. I got #8 with Turkey Bacon and sausage patty. It also came with savory grits, toast, amazing home fries (seriously, the place is worth it just for the home fries), and 2 eggs. Needless to say, I was stuffed. Everything was great and reasonably priced. 

Highly recommended.
