Last night my husband and I tried out Cedar Point. We had very high hopes - it's a couple blocks from our house, the outdoor seating area looks awesome, and it's right across from Loco Pez, one of our favorite restaurants.

Overall, the food was confusing. 

The Johnnycake Pinwheel appetizer was one giant cornbread pancake wrapped around huge pieces of brisket. It was very difficult to eat, and was quite large for an appetizer. The taste was also pretty bland. I wish they were smaller pinwheels, maybe bite sized. We also weren't given little plates to share food, so we both had to reach to and eat off of the plate it came out on. 

The "fried chicken and waffle" was made with CHICKEN TENDERS! What!?!? I was sosososo disappointed with this dish. Fried chicken is...fried chicken! I couldn't believe it was made with chicken tenders.

The fried green tomato po boy was also pretty bad. There were three green tomatoes on a long roll with a little bit of spinach and some type of reddish spread, which was almost undetectable. It was on the menu as being accompanied with chipotle goat cheese...and I didn't get annnnny of that coming through on this dish. It way far too dry and bread-y.

Unfortunately I can't attribute this to the kinks being worked out of a new place. The food was just plain boring and the menu descriptions glorified what actually came out of the kitchen
Cedar Point is one of those decent bars that I usually forget about due to all of those other Fishtown bars staring off in the distance (especially with Loco Pez right across the street!). But between the well rounded menu that caters to both meat and veggie heads alike, the well rounded selection of beers that just hits the mark of being a haven, and a an impressive late night happy hour Monday through Friday, there's plenty of things that make it worth a visit.

As far as food goes the chicken wings with fried brussel sprouts and an apricot horseradish cream sauce provide enough win to rival just about any other bar known for wings in the city. The only flaw to the wings as a whole were that the vegetarian version was a little too dry to compare to some of the better seitan wings that I've had before. but with other worthy apps like sausage sliders and a pumpkin pizza with sliced figs and shitake mushrooms, sandwiches like their spicy red curry cheesesteak or fried green tomato po'boy, or big meals like fried chicken & waffles or sage ricotta gnocchi, you have plenty to choose from during your visit.

The draft list rotates pretty regularly with good stuff. But in the past I've had damn good beers from Founders, 2SP, Jolly Pumpkin, Jack's Abbey, and more. Non-beer drinkers will find plenty of custom cocktails, wines, and cider to imbibe on as well. Especially when you come in for their weekly drink specials; or their two happy hours throughout the week that feature discounted cocktails, drafts, and food specials.
Well, after many repeat visits it's time to update my review. I write this in hopes that the owners/management take note, but after being open for so long with so many bad reviews it doesn't seem likely. I think my biggest pet peeve with Cedar point is the lack of consistency. Drinks never taste the same, food never tastes the same, and it's a real bummer. I went in at the end of June and had a drink and then went back last night and had the same drink it tasted completely different and pretty terrible.  Train your bartenders!!! I've had the seitan wings a bunch of times, but last night they tasted like someone dumped a bottle of vinegar on them. This does seem to be the one thing Cedar Point is consistent with and that's mentioned in a bunch of other reviews. Cedar Point, calm your ass down with the vinegar! 

My other main annoyance is the deck. While in theory it's fantastic the chairs have to be the most uncomfortable seats I've ever had the displeasure to sit in. Mosquitoes are also pretty plentiful maybe they could add some citronella candles or use some other sort of natural bug repellent.
In the mysterious and whimsical land of Fishtown/Kensington, there's a bevy of delightful spots to grab a nightcap these days. Quickly asserting itself among the ranks of other crucial watering holes like Kraftwork. Memphis Taproom, El Bar, Lost Bar, Loco Pez, Johnny Brenda's, Barcade, etc. is Cedar Point. 

Indeed, this is one of my new favorite places to go after dark and get a beer or four. The tap selection is good. The Bottle list is, too. The food offerings are unique spins on bar fare. The night happy hour menu and drink specials really make my inner beer geek smile. Stone Arrogant Bastard for $4? Cans of Sixpoint Bengali Tiger for $3? I'll have one of each, please. And maybe a Delirium Tremens to wash it down.

Follow that up with the chicken & waffles w/ BBQ maple syrup or a side of veggie wings w/ homemade blue cheese dressing and you're at cruising altitude to win at life - or at least feel like a prince for a day.

My review could end there. But I'm feeling particularly effusive about this new spot, so here's more:

I Went with my buddy last night for a little one on one date time. We had planned on having 'a' drink and calling it a night. But as Wednesdee nights sometimes go in this neighborhood, 7 familiar faces showed up within 15 minutes. Our server Amber (totally stellar vibesmith, BTW!) handled our group like a fucking champion. She was highly accommodating, super friendly and just downright crescent fresh. Her generous suggestions and speedy delivery of our food & drinks - coupled with a propensity to smile a lot - made us feel loved and taken care of. 

As we settled up on our check at the end of the night, one of the owner's (Liz) offered up a complimentary bowl of their delicious 3 cheese mac. I devoured it with conviction, adding yet another delicious morsel of food to the wonderment already working it's way through my digestive system. I stumbled out into the night with my friends - full stomachs and light hearts in tow. 

"THIS is why we live here", I quietly affirmed to myself; "because of moments just like this one".

Thanks for facilitating such a night, Cedar Point. And thanks for adding to the smalltown magic that is, Philly.
I've been anxiously awaiting the opening of Cedar Point for some time now.  They were supposed to open today, but had an impromptu soft opening over the weekend, so some friends and I jumped on the chance to try it out and boy am I excited to welcome them to the neighborhood.  The menu is extensive, and so amazingly vegetarian and vegan friendly. Woo-hoo! I tried the mac and cheese (yum), smashed root vegetable (not for me, a little too sweet and some pieces were too underdone, but my husband really liked it), the veggie wings, which are really just pieces of seitan deep fried and with a delicious spicy wing sauce and then topped with fried brussels sprouts- hello! and the cheeseball salad.  Everything was pretty good, I wasn't into the sweet vinegar salad dressing served with the wings, needs ranch or blue cheese or something creamy, the brussels are genius though. The beer selection was a little bit of a bummer for me (draft) because there were no dark beers except for Guiness. I ordered a cocktail, then saw the bottle selection, lots of sours, yay! Service was great, and it was opening day, so that's a big indicator that they were trained well. I'm so excited to go back and try the rest of the menu, fried green tomato po' boy- oh man!!!  I'm also dreaming of hanging out on that deck come spring and summer.
So when I heard from a friend that the owners of a Full Plate opened this spot, I had high expectations.  A Full Plate was awesome, so I figured this would be a repeat.  

Let me start off by saying that it was Sunday brunch and when we walked in it was busy.  We had to wait about 5 minutes to sit down.  Our waiter was very nice, but like all the staff there they seemed to be overwhelmed.  

They have a good brunch menu that is VERY veggie friendly, which is great!  I ordered the Tofu scramble with spicy peanut sauce..  The description says it comes with a side order of potatoes and theres veggies mixed in the tofu.  My friend got the granola and mac and cheese.  

They have a great beer selection in both tap, bottles, and cans.  They also have some cool cocktails, and wine if you're not a beer geek.  I tried both a beer and a cocktail.  The server suggested a drink and I thought was really good.  

Then...we sat, and sat, and SAT.  I included earlier in the review that the place was busy to be fair.  However, it was not busy enough to wait even close to as long as we had to.  Our server said "sorry we're busy the kitchen is backed up."  He seemed kind of humiliated that it was taking that long.  At first I was like ok, sure no problem.  We continued talking and noticed that the place was clearing out a bit so I thought the food would be out any minute.  The wait was the longest wait I've waited for food anywhere.  

Finally I flagged down my waiter and asked him where our food was.  He said that he was going to check on it, just as a food runner came out.  By this time we were kinda bummed because you never had to wait at a Full Plate and the excitement of this new place wore off after sitting for so long.  Then came the food.  Tofu scramble is basically chopped up tofu with small pieces of broccoli (no other veggies) and a SLIGHT hint of peanut sauce (nothing spicy about it.)  The portion of potatoes just looked plain stingy on the plate.  My friends mac and cheese was good, but nothing you can't find somewhere else in the city.  

Basically, this place was a huge let down.  I was such a fan of a Full Plate, I don't know what happened here.  I write this review in hopes that they get everything taken care of because the spot has potential and as I said is clearly creating buzz because it was so busy.  However, our experience was not good.  Loco Pez across the street will continue to be my spot.
Why did it take me so long to come here?!  Cedar Point is awesome for any number of reasons but these take the cake: Veggie wings, huge deck, great (and unusual) beer selection.  Veggie wings are the best I've had - served with an apricot dipping sauce and brussel sprouts.  So good.  The best.  

We ended up here on a Thursday night around 930 and were seated immediately, had great service, and tried some really unique beers.  I stole a bite of the chicken and cornbread waffles served with some spicy bbq sauce and it was phenomenal.  It was so good that I'd consider ditching my beloved veggie wings next time 

But wait, it gets better.  For people like me who don't make it out to dinner until late they offer a killer happy hour from 10-12 M-F.  Can't wait to go back here.
Enjoying delicious food doesn't mean spending a fortune.
Hence why most of us, Yelpers, are looking for great food and a great price. 

Couple of weekends ago, few of us came here to grab a quick bite. 
I had the Pumpkin Gnocchi which did'nt have any hard time standing out in the crowd. Actually, it was the real homecoming winner of my meal, and the fried pickles were good too. Cedar point has an old-fashion decor and warm & inviting vibe. 

Four Yelps
I've been here several times since they first open, and Cedar Point has  a spotty record.  I've been impressed by the taplist on some visits, underwhelmed other times.  The service is likewise; sometimes great, other times...not so much.  The canned beer sometimes offers the best deal and selection (ie: Torpedo IPA and Six Point pounders for $5).

For food, the brunch offerings are solid, but small portions.  They're priced appropriately, but for me, I don't want to go out to brunch and need another meal in two hours.  I've heard other people rave about the burger, but when I visited mine was dry and overcooked.  Overall, the menu is pub fare on a health kick.  Definitely try the root chips. 

The outdoor space, and really the whole interior, are great, and I think this spot is a positive addition to the neighborhood.  I love late night happy hour and daily lunch. 

Bottom Line:  Hit or miss.  Cedar Point needs to pull a lot of details together in order to become a Fishtown staple.
Had a LOVELY brunch at Cedar Point Bar and Kitchen and just had to tell you about it!  Nice little "locals" place, it reminded me of the Bishop's Collar in Fairmount.  Love the atmosphere here, very laid back and casual.  I just love walking in a dark corner bar and finding something good cooking and that is just what happened at Cedar Point!  

Went with a party of 4 for second brunch, having already had first brunch at Sabrina's.  I was really in the mood for bacon and eggs, but was very tempted by the Chocolate chip bread pudding french toast, so I did what anyone would do and got both...My over easy eggs were slightly overdone, but nothing to complain about...the bacon was crisp and tasty...and for dessert, the Bread Pudding french toast...YUM!  Also served at our table...some type of avacado omelette was on special, my lady wife loved it...and someone ordered the biscuit and jam...wow, the jam was so sweet and the biscuit was titanic!  It was like someone made a giant biscuit and cut it into slices...went very well with a beer!  speaking of which, they have a very nice beer selection here.  Long gone are the days of Bud on tap! 

They describe their menu as...RETRO-AMERICAN CLASSICS MIXED with SOULFUL, CONTEMPORARY CONCEPTS.

I'd buy that...they use local partners to get local fresh food and definitely have some contemporary concepts going on with the Blueberry corn Griddle Cakes, Fried chicken & waffle with BBQ Syrup, Veggie Wings, Kale Burger...they have a lot of interesting ideas here and I'd like to try them for dinner sometime.  The prices are just a tad on the high side, which kept them from 5 stars for me...11$ for Wings, Burger at 13$, but we were very pleased with our meal and will be back!  

One warning during these cold winter months...Don't take that table by the door!
I came to write another review of my 4th bad experience at Cedar Point on my 5th visit to CP and giggled at the draft that I felt too guilty to post from a year ago, I left it unaltered below for anyone to read in case it matters. Additionally I'd like to point out that I have tried to find a manager to tell them my issues but there never seems to be one around, and the fact that I can't get the attention of waitstaff is an added bonus. 

My girlfriend wanted to give Cedar Point another chance on a beautiful weekday night a couple weeks ago so I said I was okay with doing it, after all it had been a long while since I'd been there and people have said their veggie wings were amazing. Luckily I wasn't very hungry when I went.  

We wanted to sit on the deck but it had a short wait, about 15 minutes, we grabbed a beer at the bar, sly fox cans were 3 bucks that night.  We were sat quickly and ordered beers, the waiter brought me the wrong beer - not a big deal since I like all kinds of sly fox so I said it was okay and drank it.  We ordered food and it was dropped off by a different guy.  I got veggie wings and they were absolutely cold, the bowl was not even lukewarm.  I wasn't sure if they were supposed to be cold or hot so I texted my friend that raves over them and she said they weren't supposed to be. I would have asked a waiter this but there were none in sight for 5 minutes after my food was dropped off. 

I tried to grab my waiters attention - the deck was not full - but it seemed impossible and I am not one to shout out or chase someone down.  I sat trying to get the waiters attention for over 20 minutes while he cleared empty tables, I had no water, and empty beer and a full bowl of wings.  He finally stopped by for the first time after we had our food brought to us when I waved at him and said something.  I told him my food came out cold and that we had been there so long that I would just like the to leave.  My girlfriend had finished her meal several minutes before he had come over and I was done.   Thankfully they comped my wings, just the wings.  I did think they would have been really delicious if they didn't come out cold. 

If I ever return to Cedar Point (unlikely) I will only go there to drink beer, hopefully the waiter will bring me more than one in an average of 40 minutes. 



*************************************************************************************************************
The review I didn't post originally from a year ago:

I've been to Cedar Point several times since my first review and thought it time for an update since they have been open quite awhile now. I find my own experiences at Cedar Point to be lackadaisical. At every visit service has been meh, or mediocre at best which is upsetting since I want so badly to like it.  

The space at Cedar point is great, an outdoor deck, a visually unique and appealing indoor decor, a decent to good beer list, clean. They have such a strong foundation to build off of.  Let me preface this that I have worked in the service industry before and although it has been quite awhile that is some of the hardest work I've ever done and also some very happy memories. 

I did have an "okay"experience at Cedar Point once in particular was a lazy Saturday on the porch drinking beers, but my last experience was a huge miss.  It was a Friday and my GF wanted to go to Cedar Point and give it another try, I was game, we had some time to kill and wanted to sit outside.  The porch was full (the inside had plenty of tables) so we told the host we'd wait at the bar, he told us it would be  about 15 minutes..  After about a half hour I thought there were open tables outside, but I couldn't see from my vantage point and didn't get up right away, we weren't in a rush so I was enjoying my beer.  A bit later the Host came up apologizing but he'd forgotten us, it was okay I wasn't upset and neither was my date.

We sat outside, and waited... the waitress finally walked outside looked at us, and checked on another table and cleared some of their plates.  She then went back inside and disappeared for awhile then returned to another table.  The host in the meantime sat the rest of the open tables on the porch.  We waited some more... 10 or 15 minutes went by and the waitress walked towards us, and then stopped at a table that was sat a considerable amount of time after we were sat.  My GF who also has worked in the service a considerable amount of time was fed up and wanted to leave, but she wanted to tell the host or manager we were leaving at why.  She waited inside for awhile because the host wasn't around, the waitress finally came in and asked if there was a problem so she explained the above and that we were going across the street to Loco Pez where we know we will get great service, and we did. 

I am doubtful that I will be returning anytime soon or if at all.
I've tried. Went there twice took other couples, four different dishes each time, each a disappointment.  Late night happy hour is great, patio is great, service is great.  Kitchen zero stars so far.  I may agree with rest , maybe in a few months?  Looks great on paper but doesn't deliver.
I've been here many times and have only sat at the bar, so keep that in mind with my review.

Cedar Point has become one of my "go-to"s since they have opened. There is always an available seat (or three) at the bar whenever I've gone, which is anywhere from a Sunday afternoon, Saturday night, or a Wednesday at like 4:00. The beer list is always changing and is quite extensive. There has always been something I like or something I want to try. 

As for food- I have had the burger, (real) wings, mac and cheese, pulled pork mac and cheese, and their special burger with the chicken-fried bacon and jalapeno chutney. I would absolutely order everything again, though I love the wings. They are cooked perfectly, have a nice kick to them, and they come with brussel sprouts- a combination I would have never thought of, but they work together perfectly.

The bartenders are always super friendly and attentive and the food comes out quickly. I definitely recommend checking this place out if you haven't already.
I take my last review back. I really wanted to like this places, but I've actually sworn off Cedar Point. The food is consistently not very good. The service isn't great. The food/drinks are over priced. There's so many other great places in the neighborhood; there's no reason to go here.
I was skeptical about Cedar Point due to it's mixed reviews, but one point seemed to remain consistent (both in the yelp reviews and what I was told by friends): the veggie wings are amazing. I consider myself to be a connoisseur of veggie wings so I had to check it out for myself. 

The veggie (vegan, actually) wings really are amazing. They are so wonderfully crispy and nice & spicy.  Mixed into the bowl of wings are crispy fried Brussels sprouts which are also delicious.  I didn't bother with the dipping sauce because I don't need anything interfering with the delicious spiciness when I eat wings. Even if the patio is full, the inside atmosphere is great too. Service was fine. Not super attentive but not really slow either. I'll definitely return for some veggie wings and beer. They're so good that I don't even feel compelled to try anything else on the menu.
As a city dweller, I have a handful of go-to restaurants that I can rely on for a Friday night when I want nothing more than to decompress from work with delicious food in my belly and a quick trip back home. Cedar Point is on that list. 

The first few times I went, it was a little so-so. But they are a new restaurant and still working out some kinks, and it was REALLY close to home, so I persisted. Then came the day I ordered the seitan veggie wings. I do not exaggerate when I say they blew my mind for a number of reasons. For one, I do not, I repeat DO NOT eat spicy food. Especially buffalo sauce. But some weird restaurant voodoo took hold of me one day and on a whim I ordered them. They burned the everloving hell out of my mouth, but by god were they delicious. They also come with perfectly cooked brussel sprouts that offer a quick and small reprieve from the spicy hot inferno bought on by the wings. 

Since the first time I had them, I've learned that you can ask for light sauce, or even get the sauce on the side, and it has only made the experience better. Since they make each batch of sauce in-house, sometimes it's spicier than others, and once a waiter was even kind enough to give me some milk when I couldn't take it anymore. 

Now that they have had some time to get their legs under them, the food, especially veggie entrees, are bangin. I am a huge fan of the "meatball" sub they've had on the specials list a few times, and the BBQ mushroom grilled cheese is very tasty. They always have good craft beers on tap, and I hardly ever have to wait too long for a table. 

This place is definitely worth a trip, especially if you're on the fence. The wait staff is friendly and willing to make your meal a good experience, and if you're a vegetarian you'll be in heaven with all the options!
I've brunched here a few times with friends and we've always had a good experience. It's a super causal and relaxing spot with great food and reasonable prices. 

During my most recent brunch rendezvous, I got the Red Flannel Hash which was great! The hash was delicious - made with sweet potatoes, beets, poblanos, onions, and apples (in my opinion, this fruity addition was the most unique ingredient in the hash). It was sweet and savory and not at all heavy which I loved. The hash also came with eggs cooked your way (I asked for fried) and your choice of protein (turkey bacon for me). Nothing special about the eggs which was a little disappointing. Presentation was also pretty boring, but I enjoyed my meal nonetheless which is the most important part.

My friend got the Fried Egg BLY which looked delicious with great presentation! She said she loved it! It might be my brunch of choice next time!

My group always orders one sweet dish to share so this time we chose the Blueberry Banana Waffle-Wich. Wow just wow. We were all very impressed! The blueberry cornbread waffle was warm so you could tell it was freshly baked. It paired so well with the banana cream. It was the perfect sweet treat! I highly recommend it!

Service was slow, but it was a beautiful day to be sitting outside so we didn't really mind. Plus, the group seated next to us had brought their adorable pup along which definitely made for some good entertainment! Something to note for any pet owners out their - looks like you can bring your pup to brunch with you! :)

After having come here for a couple years now, I will definitely be returning. My recommendation: plan to make a brunch trip on a nice spring or summer day and get a table outside! You're sure to enjoy it!
If it wasn't for their good booze selection and tasty garlicky fiddleheads, these guys would be suffering my wrath of having one of the worst veggie burgers I've ever tried. When you'd choose a Boca vegan patty over what is made in house, you know there's trouble.

The price is above what you should be paying for the quality you get but man, that ambiance is pretty nice. 

I got to enjoy the scenery of awkward body language and conversation of a first date (the followup? she was REALLY into talking about herself, and the dude was having a hard time keeping focus. Good thing she was a total babe.)
So, this is my final review of this place. I've been waiting for some sort of inconsistency, but I'm convinced this place is perfect. So updating my reviews is no longer needed.

I went in today for a late lunch I got the "Burger". It was an amazing burger using grass fed beef with a Sunny Side Up egg. Now, I've had burgers with "sunny side up" eggs before that were just over done, over fried eggs. This burger was just dripping with yolk and cooked to perfection goodness. I avoided the burger here for a while now because I've had good burgers before.....what could they do different? Well, they cook it PERFECTLY. It might sound weird, but a lot of placers cant good a burger right. Its so juicy and tender.

The cheese, aioli, onions....even the bread are just so amazing. Oh, not to mention the potatoes. Ugh. Excellent. 

The beer list is great too as I've said in the past. Even if you're not a beer lover, just ask anyone who works there and they can pair you with something great. 

There is a ton of great restaurants in the area....but whenever I'm looking for somewhere to eat, I always suggest Cedar Point, because I know I wont be let down with the beer and food.
This spot always seems to fumble it. On my first visit, they ran out of kale burgers. So I had to order an unmemorable sandwich.  Think it was a tempeh reuben, but I can't remember.

The next time I was here it was for brunch. It was on there patio and the sun was shining. It was so intense and there weren't any umbrella for shade. I was roasting.

The menu does offer vegetarian options, which is a plus. But the location is a far walk from the El. So they really make you work for it.
I've tried this place 4 times now and I only have mixed feelings about the menu.  I really love the decor, ambiance, outdoor space, etc.  Can't go wrong with the drinks.  The food is almost there - they have the right flavors and concepts, but the execution is a little confused.  

I recently had a panini from the Garlic Scape Inspired Menu.  It was great, except for the whole scapes that were a little too crunchy and overwhelming.  Maybe a pesto would have been easier to eat?  I've also had the wings which were great, but the dipping sauce was a sweet apricot horseradish cream and I thought something else would have been more suitable (I don't know what that "something else" is).

I want to have a meal there that will knock my socks off and I'll keep trying because they are in my neighborhood and the owner is very nice.
I had the cheesy grits last weekend-They WERE NOT GRITS. I think someone made them with cornflour instead of grits. The texture was way off and they tasted chalky and terrible. Everything on the menu sounds tasty and well conceived,  but after eating there twice and trying 7 or 8 dishes, I'm sorry to say, the chef/cooks don't have the skill to execute.  The place is very nice and comfortable, and the service is friendly-Beer selection and prices are good as well, lets hope the food catches up to the rest of the place.
My friend and I were hungry.  Decided to stop in for some food.   We sat down at the bar at 3:40.  Bartender told us they close at 4 on Sundays.  We asked if it was ok to order food and he assured us it was fine.  We placed our order.  

I enjoyed the Buffalo cauliflower Caesar salad.  It was very good!  My friend has the green hash with scrambled eggs.  She was pleased.  We didn't feel rushed at all, which was good.

I'd like to go again, earlier, we I have time to hang out a bit.
I've been here many times now and I had to update my original review. Don't get me wrong, the food is still delicious. We keep coming back for the quality of the food. However, there's some consistent little things we have noticed each time we come here. 

For starters, whenever I order a glass of wine, the pours are much less than a true glass. The glass of wine itself is $9 and I probably only get 2/3rds of a proper pour (noticed this multiple times). My fiancé always orders an old fashion and we noticed the same thing with his drink, ends up being about half a glass. They aren't cheap drinks so it's a little annoying. 

Also, they charge for some hot sauce (only $1 per person, but still)...which should honestly be free if I'm ordering a $14 sandwich. For a neighborhood bar that we come to often, it's definitely a little overpriced and you could tell they're trying to make the most money from you. But, the food really is good!
I consider myself to be pretty lucky- Cedar Point is my neighborhood bar. The bartenders are great (shout out to Cassie, who used to be a bartender/server at our favorite bar in STATE COLLEGE) and the specials are awesome. 1/2 priced wings (which are fantastic) during happy hour (6-7p and during Eagles games) and $3 Sly Fox cans on Sundays are what keep me and Zack coming back. 

Food can be hit or miss. Stick to the appetizers and wings (chicken or veggie) and you'll be in good shape.
I live nearby and have eagerly awaited the opening of something - anything! - in this space.  Now I will be waiting another month or more for them to iron out the kinks before heading back.

The beer selection here is solid, though happy hour is only 6-7, so don't count on a discount beer right after work.

I think the atmosphere will come along, but during my dinner visit, there were still workmen on ladders in the back of the dining room, which I found off putting.

The meal selections sounded delicious but simply didn't deliver.  The catfish po' boy was bland, the veggie chips tasty though inconsistently crispy.

The BBQ grilled cheese served with apple slaw turned out to be a sloppy mess so overpowered by grocery store-caliber BBQ that the other ingredients may as well have not been there.  The bread and rolls, also, were basically grocery-store fare.

The service was attentive, though staff wear nothing to demarcate themselves, leading to a few awkward moments of trying to flag down other diners.

Overall, Cedar Point may have potential, but needs a lot of work before I would consider adding it to my neighborhood rotation.
Food is okay, though nothing to write home about, but atmosphere is horrendously indigestion-inducing due to ridiculously loud and obnoxious punk rock, which is always playing no matter the time of day. It's a particularly strange choice, given the otherwise mellow and kid-friendly vibe.  Such a shame, as we really wanted this to be our regular neighborhood spot, but we've given this place so many chances and it's the same audio garbage every time. Not going back anymore. We'll make the longer trek to Soup Kitchen or Kraftwork instead.
Last night, my boyfriend and I came here for dinner, eager to try a place we hadn't ventured to in Fishtown yet. We came right at the beginning of dinner rush, so we were still able to get a table immediately upon walking in. Another plus is it's slightly more secluded compared to some of the other restaurants in the area. Looking at the menu, it was a really tough call on what to order because everything sounded sounded so scrumptious! There appears to be a lot of vegan/veg options as well! The selection of craft beer is also very solid. Our server ultimately was a tremendous help in helping us decide what to order. My boyfriend got the chicken cutlet sandwich and I got the chicken and waffles on a cornbread waffle (I had a craving for something that balanced sweet and savory). However, once our order was taken, we waited over an hour for our entrees (we later learned there was a delay with the kitchen). While at first the experience was negative for us, the way the manager handled it definitely turned it around. We were given a round of drinks on the house (plus had the previous ones we had ordered comped) and a big ol' bowl of fries to hold us over. 

***I want to point out that the manager did this on their own accord. We're not "those" people that demand to be given free stuff when we don't get our way. We genuinely appreciated the gesture and thank the manager for going way above and beyond. ***

Once our food did arrive, we were excited to dive into it! I must say, the fried chicken here is on point! A nice blend of different spices, in a tangy BBQ sauce over a corn bread waffle (I was expecting it to be very sweet but was delighted that the waffle didn't taste like it has a ton of sugar). It definitely satisfied my craving! My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his sandwich too! The portions are also very large! I could only finish half of my entree before asking for a box. 

I'm excited to come back and try some of the other  menu items as well!
Slow down Cedar point.  On a slooow Saturday our entrees should not come out not even ten minutes after our appetizers hit the table.  Appetizers should be cleared before entrees hit the table.  Just saying......
Otherwise the food was great and the server was friendly. Just bad food timing.
I usually love this place, but today was horrible and I don't think I'm going to return again because of it. 

I went alone with my pup at around 3pmish, I was sat outside at a picnic table. The host brought me and my pup some water, and that was it. Nothing else for roughly 20 minutes. Kept making eye contact with the server who wasn't really busy and didn't receive any help. 

I get really self conscious when I go out to eat alone and this just made me feel horrible about doing that. I ended up leaving because I didn't get service and would rather spend my money elsewhere.
I really love this place! This is actually my 2nd or 3rd time here and I'm not sure why I am just now writing a review! 

The vibe is super chill & the staff is just as friendly and attentive. There is an outside patio if you want to dine outside as well as high & low top tables and some seating at the bar. 

The menu is great because it's a great combination of vegan & non-vegan eats. My sister is vegan so it's always a place that has plentiful options for her but when I sent the menu she loved it. The drinks are great & again, the food is amazing. Everything is great here but the chicken wings and Brussel sprouts are to die for! My sister got the BBQ vegan version & the sauce was a amazing. If I would change anything about my order, it would have been to get the BBQ sauce instead of buffalo- buffalo was great, but the BBQ was amazing. 

Again, great chill place with awesome drinks & plenty of food options!
I've given this place a few chances due to their deck and proximity to my house.  But they just can't seem to get it together.  Out of all of the food I've had there, I only remember what I had once.  And that's because their chicken & waffles were pretty gross.  "Fried Chicken" is not breaded chicken tenders.  That is chicken that happens to have been fried.  And their maple-bbq sauce is so sickeningly sweet that I couldn't finish the meal.  It's just...no.  It's a no.  Too much competition from much better places within walking distance to bother going back for another chance.
Welcome to the neighborhood!  I'm so very glad that you are walking distance from my home!

The space is nice, with big windows on two sides that spill in light.  When you walk in there is a first room with a small bar and a few high-top tables.  The slightly separated back room has about ten regular tables.  The decor is still sparse, but when I was there I think they were discussing where to hang a few things on the walls so that might change things.  

Small but nicely varied beer menu - thankfully included our Kensington neighbor PBC!  Beers were very reasonably priced.  There is a full bar too from the looks of it.

The menu is really nice, and is vegetarian and vegan friendly.  Plus they source local food, bonus points for that.  They have separated menus for brunch, lunch and dinner.  All look very promising.  I went for lunch and had a difficult time deciding between the catfish po'boy, the green tomato po'boy and the turkey Ruben.  I finally decided on the catfish, served with fries (you get to pick from fries, a salad and something else which I have now forgotten) and the mac-n-cheese for my little one.  The catfish was great - soft bread, crisp fish.  I did think that the mac-n-cheese was a bit too cheesy, so I dont think I'll get that for my daughter again. 

The server was nice and friendly.  

This is definitely a kid friendly place.  As I was there there was a family with a little baby and another table with a dad and his young son.  

There is a large raised deck too, which I am looking forward to it being open in the warm weather.  So I am certainly looking forward to going back.
My friends dragged me out to this place during the heat wave. I wasn't feeling so good so I decided to go light and ordered the kale and white bean burger.
I love kale and white beans but I'm not really sure what the deal was here. Do they think this is what vegan food is supposed to be? Mushy, bland, and ill conceived. Everyone else ordered the real burgers and they thought they were OK. The beer was fine...service was whatever.
What I love here are the small plates. Lots of vegan options, quick service and delicious food. If you aren't careful you can rack up quite a bill in no time, but the servings are healthy and ... topping seitan wings with brussel sprouts... GENIUS!

This is a must attend for phila phoodies.
i want to like cedar point.  it's a new bar just blocks from my house in a neighborhood clamoring for newness, has comfortable outdoor deck seating, what seems to be a decent menu and best of all... an uncanny friday night happy hour.

but then there's the food which just falls completely flat.
also, some very odd aesthetic choices inside regarding the wall colors... ??

*fried green tomato po boy - super thick (because they were breaded - wtf?) slices of green tomato on a gigantic bulky roll with not much else on it.
*reuben - untoasted bread (derp) with reasonably dry turkey and not quite enough cheese/slaw/mustard.
bbq grilled cheese - sounds like the best and worst idea at the same time.  there's way too much happening here to have it be good.  complete overkill.
fried pickles - too small an order.
fries - good.  crisp yet still soft at center with a nice mix of white and sweet potatoes.
pan-sizzled greens - just ok.  pretty hard to get wrong.

i gave them 2 tries and i'm sure i'll give them at least one or two more later on in the summer when i'm ready to hit up that sweet sweet deck.  i wish i could leave an extra half-star because of said deck and happy hour!  oh well.
I took the family here last night for dinner. We were greeted and seated promptly and given menu's. We met the owner Anthony who was very knowledgeable with beers and wine. My wife was not sure what wine to drink so he brought her samples of pinot grigio  to try, which i thought was awesome. i had a pint of Bells Two Hearted ale which was delicious. We ordered burgers for the kids which were perfectly cooked and came with sweet potato and regular fries(nice touch). My wife and I shared the cheeseball salad, Lima beans and beet ravioli all of which were fantastic!
I must say our whole experience was great from service to food and drinks.
Great addition to Fishtown...Great job! BTW, they have a great deck for outdoor dining!
this food b good. i luv eating brunch here. they share eggs and i like that. bloody marys are spicay haaaaaaay. kelly makes the good good drinks.

def get:
-eggs
-veggie wings
-celery
-alcohol

def dont do:
-watch love guru with mike meyers after eating at cedar point
-drink your roommates flat sunkiss soda with whiskey in it from yesterdaze
It's so hard to decide what to order here, everything on their menu sounds delicious and the food never disappoints. The Veggie Wings and the Chicken & Waffles are definitely two of my favorite items. Sweet & tangy and savory with perfectly fried chicken on a moist cornbread waffle, the chicken & waffles is perfection! The veggie wings are extra crispy and coated with an awesome buffalo sauce, makes me forget that I'm not eating real buffalo wings and it's perfect for sharing with vegan/vegetarian friends.  (Btw, they have great options for vegans/vegetarians) They also have awesome specialty cocktails and a decent beer selection. Their servers are friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this place.
On a nice evening where the wait to get in at Loco Pez was 30 plus minutes, the crew and I decided to try the welcoming deck attached to Cedar Point Restaurant. 

The service was spotty yet friendly but the menu choices seemed to be a confusion of vegetarian inspired Louisiana style with weird northeastern influences. We opted for the Lobster Roll Sliders as an appetizer....this was an entrée special but was well portioned for the task at hand. Shredded small pieces of not too fresh, overly dressed lobster on a very nice brioche bun.  Bigger fresher chunks with less dressing would have made these very nice indeed. My wife had the Jambalaya. She said that it was bland dirty rice with a few pieces of andouille sausage. My chicken salad sandwich was ok but nothing to write home about. Our friend got what appeared to be on the menu a stuffed cheese and pulled pork sandwich...there was nothing stuffed or extraordinary about pulled pork on dark bread. I can see the potential here, and with a little more focus I'm sure that they can get it together.
Came here for dinner and drafts one night...food was great...drafts were fresh.  I had the chicken cutlet sandwich which was a nice size sandwich.  The melted fontina cheese, spicy pepper garlic aioli, sautéed mushrooms and caramelized onions, the ciabatta bread...pair it up with some hand cut fries and fried Brussel sprouts...i fell in love.  Fastforward...I find myself ordering take out twice for lunch.  My most recent sit down visit to this establishment was even better.  This time I tried the double blackened burger...yeah some fat ish.  Only two choices, pink or no pink...i like my burgers medium rare but the flavor compensated.  We also had some wings which were nicely fried and tossed in a buffalo sauce.  The bartender and food runners were accommodating and the atmosphere was warm and inviting.  I'll frequent this gem fo sho.
I have to say some of the best wings I've had in a long time. And they come with a side of Brussels sprouts! I mean, that's pretty dope! They are crispy on the outside but have juicy dense meat on the bone so you actually feel like you're eating meat vs just fatty sauce laden skin. Wowza! We had the buffalo and the bbq. Both get two thumbs up tho the buffalo gets the slight edge. Don't mess with the classic. Beer flights are always a good idea. This place gets my vote of "will return."
I tried. I really, really tried to like this place and make it a go-to spot. I live right by it. I mean, we came here semi-regularly for the entire first year it was open. I asked friends to be patient. I was patient. But, it's only getting worse and not better, and now I'm just angry that Cedar Point is taking up this beautiful space complete with an awesome outdoor deck. The food is incredibly hit or miss, and the only things I ever got into were the fried and not so healthy foods - wings, both chicken and veggie, and the mac and cheese. It doesn't matter even if these few items were good for me when I actually got served the disco biscuits with BURNT biscuits one time. I find that to be egregious lack of attention to detail in the kitchen, and when I pointed it out, the server's response was like, "OK" followed by a blank stare. I reached the end of my rope when a bartender just couldn't be bothered with our to-go order on a Thursday night. We wanted to order beers while we waited on our to-go order, so we're not a total loss when it comes to a tip especially considering all we wanted was for our order to be put in, pour us a couple beers, and then let us pay. I won't go back because I feel ashamed for tipping a bartender who was rude, annoyed by us, and then overcharged us in the end. So, that's it - I'm not coming back, and the person who used to say, "give them a chance" is shouting, "never again, and you shouldn't either" to anyone who will listen. Fishtown is too good for this establishment, and I'll wait for Loco Pez or make the slightly longer walk to Memphis Taproom, Kraftwork, Interstate Drafthouse, etc, etc, etc because the lists of places that serve better food with better service in that area is pretty much endless.
This might now be my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood.  

We have been here twice.  First time was for brunch over the weekend and the second was tonight for dinner.  Both times service has been excellent, food has been beyond fabulous, and the menu selection is so good I have a hell of a time trying to decide what to order.  

Brunch was awesome.  I had the fried egg BLT and it comes with turkey bacon.  I was kinda sad it wasn't pig bacon, but when I got it I was not even close to being disappointed.  It was so freaking good.  My boyfriend got the tempeh reuben and he was raving about it.  I think its also very important to note that for some odd reason I ordered a Bloody Mary and it was one of THE BEST I've ever had.  Every once in a while I'll order one at brunch and 9 times out of 10 I wish I had ordered a beer - but not at Cedar Point.  That Bloody Mary was so legit.  I wish I got the bartenders name but I complimented him on how good it was and he said it made his day ;)

Dinner tonight was also on point.  Amber was our waitress and she was on top of everything.  I was sucking down water like a fish and she was always back with refills.  We ordered the veggie wings with brussel sprouts to start and OOOOMG - they were phenomenal.  Amber explained to us that they make everything in the back - including the seitan that was our veggie wings.  I wish I could make seitan that good - we've tried, and its never anything like that.  She did say the chef refuses to serve bleu cheese, so they don't have it at the restaurant.  I personally think its nasty, but my boyfriend was sad its not an option even on request.   

With the incredible selection on the dinner menu I went for what I was craving - the cheese burger.  I know, that's not very original, but hey, if the burger is above average then you know you've got a good place.  Let me just say this - I'm a very huge fan of Sketch Burger in Fishtown, and I rarely order a burger anywhere because they usually can't even compare - but the burger at Cedar Point was cooked to perfection.  It tasted sooooo fresh (menu said it was grass fed beef) and the brioche bun was the perfect way to compliment it.  So yes - this place has a solid cheese burger among all of the other really great things I need to get back to try.  

One of the owners, Anthony, stopped by our table to say hi and introduce himself.  I think its really awesome that he took the time to do so.  I like getting to know the people opening businesses in my neighborhood and like to support the businesses - so it's nice to have a more personal introduction.  We told him we loved the place and will be back often.  I wish them a lot of luck.  

With all of that really great food we couldn't stop there and we ordered the mud pie dessert.  This was not your average bar dessert - it was really effing good, and you can tell it was freshly homemade.  

The menu made a mention of the local places they get their groceries - Greens Grow Farm being one of them.  We really like that place and I love the fact that this place makes the effort to shop locally.  

When the weather gets nice they will have seating out on their really nice deck - so this will be a hot spot in the Spring and Summer.  Can't wait to go back and bring my friends and family.  Welcome to Fishtown!
I had brunch here last weekend and was really impressed. The space is decorated with interesting art, plants, and lighting; it's cool but totally unpretentious. There is also a deck outside that allows dogs!

My friend and I each started with a French 75. It's always nice to see some alternatives to the traditional mimosas and other brunch drinks. And you definitely can't go wrong with champagne, gin, and lemon!

I ordered the chicken and waffles, which ended up being a great choice. The chicken is slathered in an amazing combination of barbeque sauce and maple syrup. It's a fantastic combination of sweet, spicy, and tangy. Chicken and waffles is a usually a good choice anywhere, but that sauce and flavor combination took things to a whole new level at Cedar Point. I also liked that they use cornbread waffles, another interesting twist that added even more flavor. 

I plan to go back and hopefully enjoy the deck next time!
(I'd give 3.5 stars but it's not an option) I live nearby and have been to Cedar Point maybe 6 times now. If I didn't live so close I probably wouldn't really come back. Although they're creative and offer interesting seasonal options, they consistently under salt (meaning no salt used at all) their food. Fried chicken, no salt. Buttermilk biscuit, no salt. Even the fries didn't have enough salt. This always leads to me being disappointed. One thing I loved was the vegan wings. You'd never care that they're vegan. Super crunchy and satisfying. The biscuits have really gotten better since they first opened, the texture is wonderful, but the lack of salt kills them. Part of me thinks they're avoiding salt to make the food healthier. Their menu boasts lots of vegetarian, vegan, and turkey based options. Maybe they're also watching our sodium for us too? I get trying to offer healthier foods, but without salt the food tastes like nothing, and it's a shame to waste a fluffy, well made biscuit by leaving it out.
Went for brunch and got the disco biscuits and gravy with vegan sausage. Pretty good, nothing over the top but one thing you should know is that it's HUGE portions! So def share any dish you get here for brunch.
This place was good, not great. The mac and cheese that bf and I split for an app, however, was great. So creamy and delicious. I got the chicken & waffle, which was covered in both bbq sauce and syrup. I could have done with just one of those options. However, it was still pretty good. The waffle got really soggy though. Bf got what I believe was a prime rib sandwich - may have been some other kind of beef - he liked it. His fries were really really good.
I love this place. It's in a cute little area in fishtown and the atmosphere of the bar/restaurant is great. The food is amazing as well. it has vegetarian/vegan options. My favorite thing to get is the ceasar salad with buffalo tossed cauliflower fritters. I hate cauliflower yet this salad is one of my favorites, and it is very filling. My boyfriend got the fried chicken and waffles and said it was really good. He loved the BBQ syrup they put on the corn muffin waffle. Would definitely recommend if you're in the area or are looking for a tasty meal!
Hubby and I went to Cedar Point tonight. The homemade vegan cheese plate with figs, onion jam, and some sweet cashew type spread was amazing. The carmelized mushroom stuffed onion was really rich and unique, and the red flannel hash was a tasty beet concoction. The maple roasted lima beans were good, but seemed a little tough. I didn't love the root veg mash-I felt it was a tad bland, but hubby liked it. Overall, a good experience for a new restaurant.

Considering they haven't been open long, it was a good experience.  I think the bartenders and wait staff are still learning how to navigate the place, so I won't take points off for that-yet.  They have a lot of vegetarian options, but they were out of 2 of them which I really hope does not turn out to be a regular thing like it was at A Full Plate.
I was excited to try this place. My husband and I are vegan and their menu had not just vegan options but very creative ones. Vegan cheese board! Vegan French toast! We arrived at 5:45 on a Saturday evening with our baby--early enough so it wouldn't be too crowded. One of the staff greeted us and was very friendly. Although there were many tables available, there weren't any that would seat 4 (we had another couple with a baby coming to meet us) plus babes comfortably until another table got up. The staff member said the wait would be fifteen mins but by the time we were seated, it was a half hour later. Not his fault but I wish we hadn't waited as long. We ordered the veggie wings, fava tots and vegan cheese board as apps and three of the four of us ordered the kale burger for dinner. I thought the veggie wings were great and the addition of roasted Brussel sprouts was nice. Fava tots were nice too--one of our party loved them. The vegan cheese board was pretty terrible. Now, before you go saying that, of course it was terrible--it's vegan! Let me say this: one, vegan cheeses have come a long way and any decent vegan cookbook or food blog has way tastier cashew-based cheese recipes with just a few wholesome ingredients. Beyond that, if something doesn't taste or look good, vegan or not, don't serve it at your restaurant! The board consisted of two vomitous lumps and two strips of tofu. That's not cheese! Seriously, check out the book Vegan Artisan Cheese for delectable examples. Cedar Point definitely gets points for trying but they haven't perfected their recipes or presentation and need to take this item off the menu until they do. The kale burger was virtually seasonless, mushy and totally fell apart. Again, I've had good veggie burgers and bad ones and this was bad. And again, any run of the mill vegan cookbook would have provided a better recipe. Service was fast and friendly but I'm afraid I won't be returning, especially since I also had stomach issues all night and this morning after my meal. Vegans do have eyes and taste buds and while I totally appreciate adding vegan menu items, dishes should be tested, tasty and presentable before making it to the menu. There are too many other vegan and nonvegan restaurants in the city doing better to settle for anything less.
We hired Cedar Point to cater my daughter's wedding and they did an outstanding job!  The food was beyond what we expected and we received many compliments from our guests.  Shannon and her team were great.  Because the team from Cedar Point arrived so early we were able to offer drinks to our guests before the ceremony.  I had several signatures cocktails and everything was carried out exactly as I wanted.  I could not recommend them any higher if you are looking for a caterer for your wedding.   I would definitely recommend the chicken and waffles and the ricotta gnocchi with brown butter--among the best I have ever eaten. Thank you to Shannon and her entire team!
When you are greeted at the hostess stand with the leg lamp from "A Christmas Story", you know the place is cool and you're in for a great time. So very true. 

A wooden light strand clad deck sits out front and I can imagine is a nice place to hang out and dine when the weather is warmer. Inside is dark and candle lit. An inviting bar, marquee letters, industrial chic pendant lighting, greenery and green walls with custom artwork help give the place it's chill scene. The music they were pumping is what really had me loving love the vibe. The soundtrack to my high school days... The Beatles, Dark Side Of The Moon, Cream, The Doors, Hendrix. Awesome. 

Our waiter was really awesome. He was super friendly and insanely knowledgable of every single beer and what they tasted like. Also of each and every dish, what it was made from and exactly how it was prepared. You can tell they take pride in who they hire and how they are trained. 


The beer... Some true gems!! Serving both fantastic bottles and great crafts and ciders on tap. The beer menu is stamped with what is currently rotating on tap and what's been kicked. Our waiter suggested Goose Island Festivity from Chicago for my husband and I chose a lighter Patina Saison farmhouse ale for myself which was delicious! Light and perfect. I was headed for an Allagash White from Maine I always love and steer towards, but tried something new instead. Glad I did. This is the place to do so. 

The food....so good! So, so good!  The menu was filled with vegetarian and vegan options which were clearly marked. When choosing this restaurant for us my hubby was sure I would've chosen the Kale and White Bean burger which looked great, served with a vegan sage aioli on brioche. The eggplant lasagne special looked great too, but I actually went with the veggie wings served with fried brussels and apricot horseradish cream ($12!) Oh yes!!!! Best vegan hot wings I've ever had!! Perfectly bite sized and crisped to perfection. Not chewy at all. Very spicy but the Brussels were a perfect way to break that up. A huge bowl which left me stuffed and with half of it to take home. 

We also split the peanut butter greens. I was so intrigued by this. Collard greens sautéed with peanut butter and crushed red pepper. Ummm yes! What's not to love? So unique. Who thinks of this combo? It sounded a bit strange but really worked. They a were hearty side dish and fantastic. A must try! Again, half of the plate to bring home. 

Hubby was torn between the fish sliders which the waiter told us was cod fried in chicken fry batter or the turkey Reuben. He went with the Reuben and said it was awesome. I tasted his side of coleslaw and even that was delish. Big chunks of cabbage with a grilled flavor. 

After all this splurging, I may or may not have taken a piece of vegan carrot cake home to the girls. And I may or may not have tried some. It may or may not have rivaled my favorite vegan carrot cake from Whole Foods. And it may or may not have had incredible, creamy, thick and gooey cream "cheese" frosting. 

We loved everything about our experience here. We will most definitely be back. 
The brunch looks great too! 
Vegan blueberry griddle cakes and red beans and rice with plantain cakes instead of eggs look awesome. 

*free street parking close by was a cinch 
*no wait on a Friday around 8:15 
** Happy Hour -Tuesday through Friday 6-7
                           Monday through Friday 10
This is usually a pretty laid back place that I love taking friends to if we need some time to eat and catch up.  Their outdoor deck area is really nice even though it's a little small.  If you're here, try the veggie wings and brussels sprouts.  Even if you aren't normally into vegetarian food, they're pretty great!
Remeber that time you got everything you've ever wanted in a sandwich? If the answer is yes, that means you've already eaten at Cedar Point. If the answer is no, then haul your ass down to Fishtown and get yourself the GRILLED CHEESE WITH PULLED PORK ON IT!!!!!!! Service was great, drinks were great, everything was great. But seriously... that sandwich though!
I came to this spot for my second time last night and was again delighted by my time there.  It was pretty filled for a Tuesday night, which is always a good thing to see.  It's clean and comfortable, if a little bit on the dim side.

The beer selection here is great.  they have Philly staples like Kenzinger but also more select local beers.  I had a few but was most excited to drink the Yards ESA cask that was available.

The highlight here is totally the food.  Amazingly, they have a VEGAN wild mushroom stroganoff.  It's freakin' vegan but this thing is so smooth and creamy that you would not be able to tell the difference.  It consists of campanelle noodles, peas, chopped green onion in this divine shallot cream sauce.  The pasta is great, the peas and onion add nice flavor hints but it has a strong mushroom taste that melts with the sauce.  It's priced a little high at $14 for what's in the dish,  but it made me happy, and I'll be shelling out the money again some time.

Our server was really good.  He checked on us a good amount, and could read us to know when we wanted our check, which he brought quickly.  He was friendly and knew the menu well.  He did a great job.

I highly recommend this place.
We had a large party of about ten people.  They quickly moved tables together on the outside patio to accomodate us.  Interesting menu with lots of choices.  Many of us started with a allagash white.  Service was quick and friendly.  I went with the chicken wings with Brussels sprouts.  It came with ten fairly spicy wings.  The Brussels sprouts were delicious and crispy.  I appreciated that the waiter gave us all separate checks.  Fun place to people watch and enjoy good food and nice selection of beer.
First impression: Nothing new, Steven Star knock-off interior.
Staff was slow to greet us.
Drink menu was solid, especially for craft beer enthusiasts, only issue was that they were out of my top 2 choices.
Bar tender was slow to the point I though it was their first night. They forgot to take money for drinks and had to flag them down.  
Tables were turned around in a respectable amount of time.
Once we got to our table, almost finished an entire drink before server even made contact. Slow slow.
Not overly impressed with the menu, but a vegetarian or vegan might be. 

I got the Reubens. I have never had a bad Reuben before, but this was an abomination unworthy of the name. Cold turkey, cheap sauerkraut, and generic Russian on paper-thin white rye. The fries had potential (potato and yam) except that they were soggy and, IMO, way under salted. The meal itself was unsatisfactory to the point that if it were not for the fact that I had just dropped 10 bucks for it, I would have left it on the plate. 

Tipped the server a little over 20% because he was clearly hustling. (He had broken a sweat when he brought our check.)

Overall, it seemed pretty disorganized and like they were charging for quality that isn't there. I'm going to give them a few months to get their act together  and iron out the wrinkles before visiting again. .
After two dinners and one late night happy hour, I feel qualified to pass public judgment, errr...write a review of this place. I'm still sad to do it, because I was hoping to be able to rate higher.

The first time I visited was just about one month after Cedar Point opened. It was a Saturday evening around 6pm. My friend and I had to hunt down the one guy carrying a clipboard (he was quite fast and evasive), and almost pin him against the wall in order to put our name on the list for a table. Once that was done, we grabbed a couple of drinks from the bar and hung out awkwardly in the only place we could find to stand...for about an hour. It seemed like there was one waiter for the entire, massively packed place. We finally were seated right in the middle area, where it was deafening. We ordered a couple more drinks, then seeing how slowly they were coming out, a couple of appetizers each, assuming that everything would take a while and we might as well nibble as we tried to catch up over the din. Seriously, what is up with the acoustics in this place? It's like a concert hall for hipster screeching. The food was also atrocious (veggie wings were more like a chewy soup... cold, hard tofu dip?, awful and tough oily chips, ouch). The lonesome server was nice but overwhelmed. I regretted the whole thing.

The second visit, about 3 weeks later: I came here with two other girls for a weekday dinner around 7pm. We waited about 20 minutes and were seated outside on the lovely deck (which lacks good lighting or heat lamps - it got chilly pretty quickly). It appeared that they had doubled the wait staff for the restaurant, but we were still promptly forgotten after being seated. About 30-45min after ordering, we got our meals: my friends enjoyed their BBQ grilled cheeses, and my sandwich was just okay. We would have liked to, but weren't able to get another round of drinks before finishing our meal, thanks to the absentee server of the year.

Third visit: 10pm on a weeknight. A nice surprise, late night happy hour! For once, the place wasn't packed. The bartender was super friendly and relatively attentive. The draft list was fabulous. Our sweet potato fries hit the spot. My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed this visit. 

With service and food so downright disappointing and unpredictable. I'll be tucking this spot into my file of local late night happy hours, and absolutely nowhere else, for the moment.
I am again super disappointed. Med rare burger was well done and inedible. Sat with a burger over cooked and pushed aside until I was literally finished...and bartender never asked me if everything was ok. Or even check back until I pushed my plate away. I also needed salt and pepper for my salad but am not a puss to yell across the bar at 5 employees not even acting like they want to be bothered with a customer so I never got it. They were also out if Jameson. Uh. I just wanted dinner and I thought hey ...I'll try it again. It also smells like funeral lilies in here. Not appetizing...and kinda gave me a headache. I have a full cider and a sip of Tully and I want my check. I also saw the bartender make a drink and straight up takea big swig of it to taste it from a straw in the glass. Gross. The bartenders don't engage. It smells. I can't. No...never again. I'm gonna tell you. I have never left a full drink but as soon as I can get my bill to settle up Im out. My over cooked burger...that I didn't eat was $17.00. Just. Don't. I tipped exactly 20%. I am still hungry. Grrr.
Had a solid late night meal-- ordered the Cobb salad and Mac n Cheese. 5 stars for the Mac n Cheese! It was a huge portion (good for 2 to share) and perfect gooey goodness! The salad was pretty good as well.
I definitely want to come back to Cedar Point to give it another try. We were hoping to eat here when we stopped by yesterday, but it didn't work out. We originally wanted to come by for brunch but got here a little late (about 3:15), so we figured we would get a table and have lunch. 

We waited about 30 min, hanging out at the bar, which was fine, as the drinks here are great (more on this later). When we finally seated, the waitress gave us a small bar menu with only a handful of items. We asked for the lunch menu, and she said that on the weekends, they don't offer a full menu in the time between when brunch ends and when dinner service begins. Uh...ok. It turns out that no one was crazy about the options on the bar menu, so we decided to leave and go to Loco Pez instead. 

In terms of drinks, I had a fantastic beer called the Cuvee de Jacobins (I have a policy of ordering anything related to the French Revolution). I had never seen this beer elsewhere, so was excited to try it. Their drink menu was also awesome. I can't wait to try the drink with cucumber-infused Bluecoat Gin and habanero tinctures. It sounded amazing. 

So just beware about the weird interstitial space between brunch and dinner if you come here on the weekend. Other than that, it seems like a great place. I will come back at a better time and report back afterward.
I went to Cedar Point during a strange period of my life where I tried being gluten free.  I couldn't drink any of the delicious sounding beers which was disappointing.  The menu did have a few things that were clearly gluten free and I thought I was making good choices by pairing a warm brussels sprout salad and the beet ravioli.  

The beet ravioli in theory is amazing- there is no real pasta in the dish and the 'pasta' is flattened pieces of beets filled with goat cheese.  My veggies dishes all looked delicious when they arrived...

But then I started eating and what ensued was half an hour of vinegar overload.  I hate wasting food that I'm paying restaurant prices for so ate everything I ordered but my mouth was straight up watering and my eyes were tearing from the amount of vinegar in these dishes.  The beets were so so tart from vinegar and the greens that came on the side of the plate were wayyy overdressed.  I couldn't taste the goat cheese inside of the ravioli at all.  And then the brussels sprout salad also had a vinaigrette on it too....let's just say it became unpleasant.  I had to eat slowly just to let my mouth recover between bites.

Hopefully I just got an overdressed dish because the beet ravioli are such a good idea and I would love to be able to try them again.  They have a lot of vegetarian and vegan options as well which is a plus.  Hopefully next time is better!
The shepard's pie was good and reheated nicely. I'm not really a beer guy so I'm way outside this place's target audience.
I've been waiting for Cedar Point to open for awhile. I was a frequent visitor to A Full Plate in Northern Liberties (For Brunch) and was really bummed when they closed their doors before opening the new ones. I've really missed it for it's amazing vegetation/vegan options and their mason jars for beverages (bummed these weren't brought back)

I went here with a couple people for Cedar Points FIRST brunch this past Saturday, we were the first people to arrive at 10am. Service was great, everyone was very friendly and attentive the problems were where the food was concerned. I know this restaurant is new but I had higher expectations since they closed Full Plate to open this location.  Our food took a really long time to come out  (maybe almost an hour)- which was okay because I had great company coffee (they comped) and conversation, but there really weren't many people in there for the first half hour of our arrival, maybe 3 other tables.  They ended up bringing us a complimentary biscuit which was nice and delicious.  

When our food did finally come out it was sub par.  My food (the green hash) was luke warm.  The Hash was more like a warm salad (barely cooked)  though I'm not sure if this is how it was supposed to be but it was pretty much raw slightly charred mixed greens.  My girlfriend got biscuits and gravy which arrived cold, cold gravy isn't the most delicious thing.  My other friend had an omelette and she said that it was overcooked to the point where the eggs were rubbery.  We didn't end up sending it back because it took so so long to get and we were starving.

Though the food was a bummer I'm not writing off Cedar Point yet, I will likely return for what looks to be an amazing happy hour and let them try and work out the kinks.   Crossing my fingers because it's nice to have a place in the area that opens for brunch before 11, one of the reasons I liked a full plate was because they opened so early.
I've been going to Cedar point since they opened a few years ago and in the beginning felt a disconnect between the descriptions on the menu to what actually appeared on the plate. But I went there with my wife and a few friends last night, and was pleasantly surprised. I feel like the food has stepped up a notch. We tried the beet raviolis, they were fantastic, the crab cakes were delicious and the kale burger was ok. Enjoyed sitting on the deck and enjoying the beautiful weather. Our waitress was very friendly and did a great job.
Having been here a number of times, I can comfortably say that the place easily deserves four stars.  I've been seated at tables and at the bar, as a couple and with a larger group, and have always been pleased with the service and the staff.  The food is equally good and I recommend the pulled portabella sandwich (this is the first place that has made the vegetarian food flavorful enough for me to choose it over options).   Highly recommend.
OMGosh! Ok, they have a late night happy hour which is soooo cool but I need to mention the food. I have been to this establishment several times and had so many good things.  The fried pickles are my fave but the tuna melt and beet ravioli was also delish. The service staff is always great and quirky which makes it a fun night or brunch out every time :) I haven't gotten the chance to sit outside on that beautiful deck but I am looking forward to it this summer.
The food was just so-so.  The beer selection is good but not any better than any of the other neighborhood bars.  I was really looking forward to this place opening but nothing here impressed me.  I ordered a glass of beer from the featured firkin and it was terrible.  I told the bartender (very nicely) that I didn't like it and wanted to order something else.  He quipped back that he could have told me it was terrible before I ordered it and that I should have tasted it.  Well why didn't you suggest I taste it before buying??  And why the smart ass comment?  Dick.
I'll continue to hang across the street at Loco Pez where the bartenders are awesome and the food is good and I'll get my craft beers elsewhere.
Good Vegan options, and the wings tossed in bbq sauce are so so good.  I'm happiest here at late night happy hour and brunch time.  I've really come around on Cedar Point in the past two years.
What a lovely little place.  Maybe it was the holiday season or the christmas lights but I loved the ambiance of this place.  Makes you feel like you traveled to a little cabin tucked away up in Connecticut or Maine.  

And just as I was impressed with the ambiance, i was impressed with the food.  I'm not a vegan but their Kale burger is delicious.  It has a solid texture and a good balance of Kale and beans to make for a savory burger. 

Other favorite items include the Reuben, and veggie empanadas,  If you're with a larger party you only get two empanadas so better order more than 1.  :(

Veggie wings seem to be a favorite amongst a lot of ppl, but I didn't really enjoy it.  It felt to greasy for my tastes buds.  But the brussel sprouts are amazing!!
Probably one of the worst experiences I've had here. We were warned there was a 10 minute wait to place an order, so we expected maybe the kitchen was backed up. No sweat. But 30 minutes after being seated, we still hadn't ordered, so we asked. Our server, Kelly, took our order. Thought, hey, maybe they're caught up, we'll be good to go. But 45 minutes after ordering, cups empty with melted ice, we asked when the food may come out. The server (not Kelly) that approached us, rudely asked if we just wanted to cash out (they could've give an ETA in good, apparently). 

Really, Cedar Point? I get it, I work in food service as well. I understand. But the absolute bare minimum could have been polite customer service. Guess that was too much to ask. Seems like we're eating cereal tonight:(
Brunch here is extremely great. Their Bloody Mary is on point. To avoid the crowd though I usually come by for late night happy hour. Can't pass up their Brussel sprouts and veggie wings. Also their Mac and cheese is pretty great. Always a great draft list and the  servers are super friendly. Never disappointed.
Nice place great staff and good ownership who is willing to fix any problem. I recommend the Cobb salad very good and great beer n drink specials. And always a change of food specials.
What a interesting place. From the outside, it looks like the average upscale restaurant (like one would see in center city)

Inside is another story. Reclaimed/pastel washed tables- intriguing art on the walls- light fixtures made with beer bottles- A feast for the eyes!

The new Fishtown, turned sideways a degree or two.

In any case there was no hit of art snobbery or hipster snark among the staffers on the Mother's day- just a group of upbeat hard working folks serving up tasty local coffee and even tastier brunch delights. Specifically, we were each really pleased by the Lemon/tarragon/ricotta pancakes.

Water glasses and coffee cups were never empty.

An aside- We were glad to see so many vegetarian otions on the menu!

Special shout/kudos to the hostess this morning (05/08) who so patiently helped a mom who happened to be in a walker. She so politely moved us while helping make sure a grand lady had a chance to make it to her table to be celebrated by her family.

We don't live in the area- but we'll be back. Count on it.
Service the worst ever...  I have never has sevvice so bad.... its started with hostes who was not very friendly. She showed us to our seat but gave us no menu. Wow.. then the waitress come over and says to us you just drinking tonight. We were like no. After we get menus she comes back and takes our order. we told her two time we wanted the califlower buffalo ceasars salad. She said yea yea..  like I got it... when our food comes its not the salad but some fritters. :(! I really enjoy my 1st time but the 2nd time not so much...  food was good but service was sooooo bad i just had to give them one star... And I am sure the waitress knew we were unhappy when she saw her tip.... the hostes didnt help..... i am usally a happy foodie...
Love this place!  Let's start with the food is amazing!  Loved the vegan options. Everything was fresh.
Lots of beer on tap. And totally enjoyed the outdoor deck .
 The service was great. The waitress was very friendly. 
Definately will be back, esp as the weather gets nicer to enjoy the deck. 
Wish this place was in my neighborhood
I was hoping to absolutely love this place, but it just didn't happen. My party and I arrived here, and were seated promptly by the hostess. I did dig the ambience of the place. It had a very homey/BBQ restaurant feel to it. Sadly, it took over 10 minutes to even put in a drink order and it was not that busy yet. 

After we ordered our drinks, we got food as well. Now my girlfriend and I ordered cauliflower fritters as a starter before our entrees. Now if you order a starter, you expect it to come out before your entree right? That did not happen and it seem like they forgot until I mentioned it. 

Now the cauliflower fritters came out during our meal. I feel they were doughy and flavorless, almost like they were rushed out to us. I think they were just rushed out. My crawfish mac n cheese was delicious and incredibly cheesy. Still, I was looking forward to this place and felt disappointed. Spotty service, food mix ups, and below mediocre starter makes me not want to rush back here.
I went when it was empty so can't speak for the wait.

Was a big, big A Full Plate fan so had high hopes. 

The renovation is definitely great. The atmosphere is ideal for a bar. I would like to be at a place like this every night, just on vibe/decor alone. 

My favorite at A Full Plate was promptly ordered: The Turkey Sandwich. They been really lax on the portion of cranberry aioli lately, so I asked for extra! A must. So I got to say, they changed this sandwich a ton which was sad. Used to be a ridiculous portion of turkey and the bacon was curled and crispy, but not it was more just like a slab of thin/fried ham. 
Still an excellent sandwich though, but if you had the previous one from A Full Plate, you could be disappointed.

Other than that,
 Grilled Cheese and a Tuna Melt to die for. The fries also, amazing. 

Order the grilled cheese and tuna melt and split both with your date/friend. You will be so happy you listened to me that you will want to meet me and buy me a free meal here :)
Had such a great experience here just last week! I went with a group of 5 people and everything was perfect Three of us had the vegetarian wings and loved them so much. Another of us got the spinach salad and the last got the po boys. The atmosphere was great, the music was great, the service was supreme, and I can't wait to go back! 

I'm super picky about public restrooms, and theirs was mega clean :) 

Thanks guys
I had a lovely experience at the packed-out bar. The first thing I noticed was the sweet deck. After which, I noticed an impressive domestic taplist with great choices from across the country, without compromising local flavor. In my opinion, it is much smarter than Kraftwork's typically B-list domestic selection. I enjoyed my Great Lakes Dortmunder, Sculpin IPA, and Goose Island Sophie quite a bit.

Cassie was a great server, and Anthony the owner was warm.

The fried pickles would have better been battered pickles, but they were good no less. The brisket pancake was pretty moist, but probably relied on BBQ sauce too much. In general, the menu suffers from an overuse of their good BBQ sauce, but it is forgivable. The root chips were great, so was the beet ravioli.

The entrees looked impressive. The burger was solid, according to one. But the jumbalaya lacked a little flavor and depth. Our pork chop was undercooked, but returned quickly back to the table and we were supplemented with chips while we waited. The special fish was good, but also a little undercooked.

The chicken and waffles were the best entree on the table. Really most chicken breast, with crispy exterior and a great sauce.

A solid three stars. In Fishtown, this place is a great joint to visit. I prefer Memphis' taplist, and Johnny Brenda's food, but this is a great combo of both, and has such an authentic vibe that it is totally worth visiting.
Just went here for brunch on a recommendation from a coworker. Got the Cuban sandwich and fried egg blt to split with my bf. The Cuban was so freaking delicious. Drinks came out fast, service was on point. Will be back for dinner!
Went back here today for brunch. Its almost impossible to have a bad meal here. 

I had the Chicken and Waffles. I expected (not sure why) deep fried frozen chicken. Nope. This was fresh. Very fresh. Didnt even need my knife to cut through it. Very soft and moist. The waffles were soft and awesome and yummy and oh my god I want more.

They mix maple syrup with BBQ sauce and drizzle it all over the plate. Its simply amazing. 

This is my new go-to staple when I come here again.
Cedar Point blew me away. Such a great place to dine in Fishtown. I loved the theme they had going, especially with the leg lamp at the hostess' podium. A great first impression! 

There's plenty of seating; high top tables, regular tables and seats at the bar. When I walked in today at 1:00, I was prepared to wait, but to my surprise, the hostess said they had a table available so we were seated rather quickly. 

Service was pretty good. They only serve lunch on weekdays apparently. I learned that the hard way when I tried to order something from the lunch menu and the waitress said they only have brunch on weekends. It's not listed on their website as such so I assumed I could go in on the weekend and order a lunch item. Nope. 

After that minor annoyance, we ordered the Everything Bagel Fritters... wow. THE BEST! I think I liked these equally as much as my meal. It was pieces of everything bagel, goat cheese and Muenster cheese fried to perfection and served with an aioli dip. I loved them so much. 

My meal was the Fried Egg BLT. I substituted the regular bacon for vegetarian Tempeh bacon. They also have an option of eggplant bacon. The BLT is on sourdough bread and there are pieces of avocado stuffed inside, too. Comes with a side of breakfast potatoes. It was scrumptious. 

For 2 people, it was $53. We ordered 3 alcoholic beverages as well so I think that's fair game. I genuinely enjoyed the food, though. Will be back soon!
Hidden gem alert! Cedar Point has a nice sized deck that you can dine outside on, too bad the weather Gods were against my desire to eat in the sun today. 

The inside is nothing too fancy, service is good but not great. Casual service where the server will come take your order and you'll see them again when your food is out and when it's done. You also pack and bag your own food to go, which I wasn't TOO bothered by but I used to be a server and despite being casual, I TRIED to be helpful. We had to ask for boxes even though it was clear we had a lot left, server gave us 3 small boxes, then we had to ask for a bag. Anyway, onto the important part:

We came for brunch:
Drink (will update with name) was GREAT! I am a sucker for Moscow mule but this was made with rum. Refreshing drink and you can definitely taste that after-burn from the ginger, really good brunch drink. 

Chicken and waffles $15: first couple bites were pretty delicious, the chicken was crispy yet tender. It went really well with the waffle. Personally I'm not a big BBQ sauce fan so I could've done without it on top of the chicken, it got too overwhelming for me mid way. The portion was big and I took half home, which surprisingly tasted even better at home haha. Will definitely be getting this without BBQ sauce in the future, or at least have BBQ as a side chick ;)

Philly Sandwich: YOU MUST GET THIS. My bf got this and it was one of those meals where you wish you could trade! I'm usually not a big breakfast sandwich person but the whole sandwich came together so beautifully and it wasn't too overwhelming sweet or salty. Pretzel bread, egg, ham, pickles, French toast, and a bunch of other goodness. The fries were delicious as well and we even had a couple sweet potato fries in the mix, can't complain about that! 

Buffalo wings and Brussel sprouts: ok the Brussel sprouts are clearly the star in this dish. BEST Brussel sprouts I've ever had, most places can't get them right and usually burn them. Every single one was perfectly cooked, crunchy, and nicely seasoned! The buffalo wings were good, but nothing too stand out. It's ok because the Brussel sprouts were carrying the dish. Heard a lot of good things about these wings and we were not disappointed.

Overall, great place, really reasonable prices, and generous portions! My friend also told me that their menu is seasonal. Will definitely be coming back for more and for another shot at that out door seating!
Love the location and set up of this place, was super convenient! We first stopped here for brunch and I definitely have to recommend the cheesesteak scramble! It was delicious! The steak was flavorful and succulent and the creamy sauce was a perfect touch of flavor! We all wanted to order peach mimosa's but they were out of peach... they must be good! We settled with regular mimosa's and they were a perfect add on to our breakfast. We stopped here again late night for some food, and the service was not the best. Our waitress had an attitude when some of us asked questions about the food (we're all from out of town) before and after ordering, especially when two of us were served wings with brussels sprouts (we didn't know and had asked)! I don't think the menu was read correctly but they were still delish! Refreshing of drinks was also slow although there was only 1 other table of guests. But I would definitely visit again for the food!!
I am always disappointed when I come here. The beer selection is great, and you can't beat the outdoor seating on the deck. But the food always leaves so much to be desired. The cauliflower fritters are good, but they come on peanut butter collard greens that are just kind of gross. I've had root vegetable chips as a side that were both totally burned and soggy and undercooked at the same time. Tonight I ordered the cauliflower fritter salad with rock shrimp on the side. The rock shrimp cost me five dollars extra, and I got 6 1/2 measly little shrimp. I couldn't believe it! The waitress even advocated for me down in the kitchen, and they told her that there was nothing to be done. So she comped me a beer, which was wonderful! This is the first time that the food I ordered all tasted good, but I was so shocked at what a ripoff the shrimp was. I want so badly to love this place, because the ambience and location are great. But it's just such a bust every time. I honestly think it survives because of the location and the deck. I can't imagine going back for any other reason!
Never get take out from here. The food is good when I've eaten in, but they did a terrible job with our take out order. The BBQ burger ordered was just a patty on a bun (no cheese, BBQ sauce, or onions). The build-your-own burger ordered also lacked every additional topping aside from the cheese. No one checks take out burgers to ensure that they have the toppings ordered, but next time I definitely will. The burgers themselves were good, but it's frustrating that we were charged full price for these meals when they were missing all of the extras.
I recently have eaten here twice and I have enjoyed Cedar Point both times. The first time was on the Fourth of July for some day drinks and I loved the sangria as well as my chicken cutlet sandwich. The fries were also on point. On my second visit today, I went for the burger which was awesome also. I got it with mushrooms, onions, and fontina cheese. The burger was juicy and tender. The house potatoes on the side were also pretty dope. 

The drink menu seems like it has a nice selection also and the prices are pretty reasonable. It honestly just seems like an awesome neighborhood spot with plenty of vegetarian options. I feel like it's just one of those places where everything is consistently good. It's definitely worth a visit. During my next trip, I want to try the wings with the brussel sprouts because they look awesome.
Good looking food menu. Better draft list. Best atmosphere- we ate outside on the front porch. 

We got veggie wings (my fiancé is vegetarian) and she loved those. I got pulled pork sandwich with fries which was decent. However, we got the Mac & Cheese which essentially had no flavor (had to ask for salt/pepper). Also, she got a salad which was over priced and not that good.

Overall, really nice place to sit outside in the nice summer weather and have drinks. But their food was only average and significantly over priced compared to other places in the city.
We went last night and it was so good. The place is very nice! Cozy but fun, we enjoyed it. For starters we had the fried pickles, very very good. We had to ask for a dipping sauce, the mustard wasn't really our thing. For dinner my wife had the pork chop, she said it was amazing! It was cooked to perfection! We specifically went there for the beet ravioli that was advertised but it has been discontinued. That was a bummer but not a deal breaker. As for me I had the chicken sandwich. It was delicious! The roll was perfect for the veggies, it's was almost like a sponge and absorbed all of the juices. The chicken was also cooked perfectly. The hand cut fries were on point! Our daughter had the Mac and cheese, she seemed to love it lol. We have been by this places a bunch of times and never stopped..We will definitely be back.
This place is amazing.  I went there for the first time yesterday and we arrived 15 minutes before happy hour, and they didn't pressure us to order before HH started so that was a nice way to begin everything.  
We ordered the vegan wings and a grilled artichoke and spinach salad that was a special for the evening.  The food was AMAZING!!!  I have attempted to follow a vegetarian lifestyle for the past few months, but I have this terrible weakness for buffalo wings.  So when my friend brought me here to try their vegan wings, I am happy to say they were way better than I ever expected them to be!   The protein was like the crunchy pieces from real chicken wings and mixed with brussel sprouts and it was served with an apricot horseradish sauce.  I admit the sauce sounded like an odd choice but when you try it all together...phenominal.
The salad was this delicate, delicious mix of grill artichoke hearts (which slightly warmed the dressing, and it was lovely), baby spinach, capers, red onions, and a citrus vinaigrette.  I recommend this salad as great option for sharing before jumping into the other yummy food.  
The happy hour times are great for people who are traveling from a distance (like myself) who want good food at reasonable prices.  They had a great selection of beer that was part of HH, and overall this was a very satisfying experience.  I will be back, and hopefully often!
Eh... had a burger was WELL DONE when asked to be med well, most expensive burger in fishtown area, I don't recommend at a crazy 13 bucks. If being charged that much I would hope I would actually get what I asked n paid for. Talked to a friend n same scenario.
Came here for brunch last weekend. Delicious veggie wings with fried Brussels sprouts mixed in.  Then I had the toad in a hole which was huge and full of delicious chorizo.  Would highly recommend it and look forward to coming back when the deck is open.
I absolutely LOVE this place. Creative, delicious menu. Perfect Old Fashions. Went for brunch. Can't wait to go back. Had the Creole Egg Bake with shrimp. A fantastic Louisiana twist on baked eggs. The big biscuits are homemade, fluffy and moist. Breakfast burger was as delicious as it was messy! 

Can't wait for more!
I do like this place.  Last time I was there I had the kale salad with the cherries and squash.  The dried cherries were great.  The place was clean, our server was friendly and accommodating and my friend who had the short ribs special and the buttermilk dessert raved about her dishes.  The vegan wings were way too heavy and I won't order them again but the Brussels sprouts were Delish! 

This is a place I would gladly gladly go back in a heartbeat if they added the vegan cheese plate back.  There is like no where in Philly to get a nice glass of wine w a vegan cheese plate and maybe some fig Jam and mustard - that made them unique!  I feel like that is a great dish for all seasons, and if they wanted to make it more fall-ish they could do a smokey sweet potato pâté along w the cheeses. 

Either way I've eaten here multiple times and have never had a bad meal - though I have not had the kale burger people are all tangled up about.  The brioche bun seems not vegan even though the menu says vegan.  I'm sure if I ordered it I would ask for clarification. 

Give this place a shot and see for your self. It seems that the reviews are all over the place- but that makes sense kind of bc one restaurant can't really be everything to all the people of fishtown now, can it?
Chef Shannon has done it again. 

Did you love A Full Plate? Of course you did. Beer + A Full Plate, sprinkled with huge ambition = Cedar Point. 

I have so much to say, but instead I will focus simply on one dish: the chicken and waffles. I have had chicken and waffles all over the city, but nothin is quite like this. The rich, maple dressing has a kick of unexpected spice. The waffles is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The chicken is effing perfect. Juicy juicy juicy and tender. Crunchy Crunchy Crunchy on the outside. I cannot recommend highly enough. 

Beer good. 

Great, inventive cocktail menu. From the out-there to the classics, it is done well. Philly is great for a lot of things, but a good cocktail is hard to find sometimes. And I know a good Manhattan/Old Fashioned/Whiskey Sour. Cedar Point nails 'em. 

When Cedar Point opened, it dealt with a lot of BS reviews and was really dragged through the coals in terms of snap judgments. Lesser spots and owners with thinner skin might not have made it 6 months the way Cedar Point was treated. I have been here about 5 times since its roll out and every time, it just gets better and better. I think its time for everyone to eat their words, literally.

(One last detail- that review earlier that mentioned "Morningstar" veggie meat.... yeah... not true. Its made in-house. So there.)
I think once they work out the kinks they'll be a great brunch spot and yes if your a vegee or a vegie you'll be happy.  Give it another month or 2 before you make up your mind. 

The omlettes are huge and fresh... the chicken and waffles is phenom... but far and away the most original item is the banana bread french toast which of course was a weekly staple at Full Plate and is now off the specials at Cedar Point. PLEASE BRING IT BACK!!!!

On a more personal note... Full Plate was one of my favorite brunch spots... everything was fresh and the portions were huge.  I couldn't wait to Cedar Point finally opened.  The wait staff is very friendly once you get to know them but the owners are very clique and kind of cold (unless they know you). 

Hipster restaurants are different then normal restaurants. In normal restaurants the owners love getting to know their regulars... they walk the restaurants and small talk with the patrons... if your meal was delayed or not made to order they'll come out and apologize... if your meal was great they'll come out to thank you. Not here. I've been to Fully Plate over 50 times and I've been to Cedar Point since they've opened and the 2 owners have never once...not once said a word to me and I tip very well.  Strange. Very strange.  And a little uncomfortable.
Stopped by after a meeting in the area.

What this place does, they do well. The menu isn't gigantic, but the picks we made were super solid. 

Chicken and waffles were some of the best I have ever had - spicy and sweet, crunchy chicken, a syrup drenched cakey waffle. My pickle burger was out of this world delicious - just the right combination of flavors and crispy fried pickles. The side salad with the burger was perfect - some spring greens and shredded carrots in a mustard vinaigrette. Honestly, it was a better salad than some entree salads I've gotten. The peanut sauce collard greens were the perfect companion to both of our meals, and the sweet spicy sauce was washed down by a couple of $6 craft beers. 

Our server was polite and nice, not over the top attentive, but she did just the right amount of checking in. We also - gasp - got 2 desserts. One was an insanely delicious brownie drenched in caramel sauce, topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The other was a special - a fruit tarte with the lightest custard and crust. Perfection. 

We left full, and didn't spend a ton. Bonus - both the inside AND patio of Cedar Point is adorable. Would come back. Wish we lived closer!
Y A S . Okay, the vegan wings and brussels. Cmon...this dish was Ahhhmazing, order now if you're reading.  Packed with flavor, it's a nice portion and will guarantee a return visit to CP.

My gf and I enjoyed a late lunch on the deck.  They provided fresh water for her. Our waitress was super friendly.  She even replaced my spilled tequila (my bad) for free! 

My girlfriend had the buffalo cauliflower Caesar salad and that was delicious. Both are meals made for great left overs. We also shared a side of breakfast potatoes...one guess as to how they were? Yup, perfect. 

And because I wasn't full enough (sarcasm) I ordered a freshly made apple danish. Good Lord!  Warm/soft/magical...this lovely treat was made by someone's cute Grandma obviously.

So while I haven't explored much of the Fishtown food scene I'm pretty confident that Cedar Point will rank right up there.  Charli, my pup even said her water was far better than her usual. She often speaks of h2o quality, so  I trust in her analysis.  5 stars, get it!
