I wandered down main street Manayunk on a nice fall Friday afternoon in search of a good meal and pleasant atmosphere for a lunch date.  Once I decided on Chabaa, I was not disappointed.  

They began by hitting on the little things, such as a friendly greeting and clean environment, continued to elevate things by taking the time to explain and answer questions, and locked up a solid rating with a great meal.

While I cannot say it was the best Thai I've ever had, it was well prepared, fairly priced, and did not leave me wanting more.  The coconut ice cream, served in a coconut, was a nice dessert to share.
Probably the best Thai food in the area but you'll probably spend a little more than you want to on Thai.
Brought a bottle of red (why hasn't anyone mentioned the $3 corking fee?) and swung by here with my new roommate for dinner. We were seated and the waitress came by promptly to fill our water glasses and open our wine. My roommate ordered the special: grilled lamb with bell peppers ($23)and I ordered the beef red curry ($15). The waitress asked if i wanted it spicy, I looked up and said "very spicy" -pause- "extra spicy" and I swear I saw the twinkle in the waitress' eyes. Our dishes were presented beautifully and flavorful. Something about their curry felt like silk in your mouth. The spice level made my lips tingle and my nose run (attractive, I know). Since the curry has milk in it, it was not as spicy as my roommate's dish. His was so spicy that Im pretty sure he ate the flower garnish because the waitress couldn't keep his water glass full. We skipped out on dessert and they gave us some ginger candies with the bill. yeah it sounds nasty but it was actually tasty and settled the tingly sensation from dinner. I'd definatly come back. . . anyone up for some Thai?
This place has the best Thai food and the atmosphere is great.  I have gone here with large groups as well and they are very accommodating.  Their crispy rolls are delicious and their red and green curry with beef is amazing!  I highly recommend going here!!
Walking into this Thai find I knew I was going to have a great experience; there was a "People like us on Yelp!" sticker =) 

My friend who lives a few blocks away heard such great things about this place but never tried it out so we ventured out on a ladies dinner night here.  It is a huge plus when 4 ladies who love to talk and can sit at a table for hours find a great restaurant that is BYOB - saves us much money!  

The decor was awesome with vibrant, warm colors including thick red-orange curtains and a ton of chinese lanterns.  The space was not that large but the way the tables were set up was intimate enough and not too crowded.  There were 2 levels and we sat on the 2nd level by a window looking right out to the street which was a nice backdrop.  

We had the sample appetizer platter to start and it was not that big, not enough for 4 of us but it was delicious.  However, this did leave room for amazing dessert!

For dinner I went with my staple Thai dish of Shrimp fried rice, jasmine rice of course.  The portion was perfect and everything was so fresh and delicious.  I could eat this dish each and every meal of each and every day for an entire year if needed. So Yummo!  

And for dessert we all shared some of the coconut ice cream and all I can think of to explain it was silk heavenly ribbons of amazingness delivered in an actual coconut shell.  It was so creamy and tasty! 

Overall this was an awesome dinner with some awesome friends, a GREAT find!
With all the heat and spice packed into the food at Chabaa, I had to roll up my sleeves and loosen my thai... I know, that's not even worth an 'LOL'.

Actually, I opted for the Crazy Noodles which weren't all that crazy but really, really good.  My wife and I split the fried tofu appetizer and she had the yellow curry.  I can't begin to explain the exotic and well balanced flavors in our dishes.  Practically perfect in every way!  This was my second time at Chabaa and certainly will not be my last.

The ambience was perfect, peaceful and zen, as I would assume any thai restaurant to be.  We got there at about 6pm on a Friday, so we didn't hit any traffic and all of the college kids were stil pre-gaming at home before they hit the local watering holes.  So all and all, a good night and Chabaa made it 10x's better!
Just so so  Thai. The restaurant is pretty but the food is pretty dumbed down. Main line people think it's  good so that should tell you everything. Even the Pad Thai is Meh. ! Philly at one time had really good authentic Thai . It's probably the worst done cuisine in the city. I don't know one I like. So I started making my own. And you know what ? It's not that tough. If you have any suggestions I'm open . Really please tell me!!
This restaurant is hands down my favorite place for Thai in Philadelphia! 

The green curry is excellent!  Chabaa will modify the spice, adding extra pepper if you request.  This curry is served in a bowl and has the consistency of a rich stew.  There are always tons of fresh colorful bell peppers, sweet basil, bamboo shoots and baby corn in the dish.  

Ask to substitute brown rice for white - their grains are a beautiful rich reddish color and never over steamed.

My boyfriend isn't a fan of Thai spice, but has raved about the Salmon Pad Thai from Chabaa.  

This BYOB restaurant is open all year for lunch & dinner - and has a few outdoor tables.  The owner just opened a new Thai tapas restaurant down the street called Mango Moon that I can't wait to try.
BYOB is an initialism meant to stand for "bring your own bottle". For me, It's a little funny when I'm sitting at a table and suddenly my table or another table pulls out a liter of a bag or a purse and staff doesn't mind that you did that. The place have a nice and beautiful decoration although the bad do not have television although that brings us closer to the people that we are having dinner with. 

For my appetizer, I had the Spring Rolls, Thai sweet vegetable chili sauce very crispy and delicious, there were 3 and they were pretty big. 

A had the Pineapple Fried Rice (with shrimp and chicken) ... In a REAL PINEAPPLE!! Yes, the rice was inside of pineapple making this a lovely experience. The portion is not that big as I had in others places, but it had a decent amount of meat both chicken and shrimp, and the curry rice had a good taste, it was cooked to perfection. Both chicken and shrimp were juicy, tender and very yummy. I really recommend the Pineapple Fried Rice, with whatever you want to have it. Is really delicious. 

The staff is great, very efficient, friendly and generous, attentive, and accommodating always seeing that their table has everything they need.
Lots and lots of hype and zero cred to back it up.

I've come to the sad conclusion that 98% of the restaurants in Manayunk should be boarded up for good and Chabaa Thai would be the first one (followed in short order by Winnie's and then Couch Tomato) if I had anything to do about it.

Thai is one of my favorite cuisines-so much so that I studied Thai cooking for 2 years with a transplant from Thailand. My meal here, with a friend, was marred by desultory, semi-rude waitstaff, sloppy food plating, poorly cooked and inauthentic, seriously over priced food. 

We walked in and stood, waiting to be seated, for 15 minutes as servers looked through us and passed us by. I was ready to tell them all to go eff themselves and walk out but my friend wanted to eat here and forced me to 'be patient.' Given that there was only one table of customers, I asked her what I was supposed to be patient for. We were finally seated and then remained without menus for another 10 minutes. Again, lunch companion counseled me to relax and be patient. I should have poked her in the eye and walked out and caught a taxi home. 

Menus finally came, the other party of diners left and no one cleared their table. It remained unbussed the entire time we were there. I ordered a Thai iced tea and when my companion asked if there was a drink on the menu that was not sweet (she is pre-diabetic), she was told to drink tap water, and not in a friendly tone, either. We ordered the appetizer sampler to start. It arrived, everything was lukewarm and when I asked the server if we could have it heated up, she glared at me, took it away and never came back with it-and even though my companion had only taken a bite out of one cooled off, greasy spring roll before we sent it back, we were billed for the entire sampler. I asked twice when we could expect the sampler back heated up and was ignored. 

I ordered chicken pad krapao and my friend had tofu panang curry. We were not asked how spicy we wanted our food. When it came out, both dishes looked the same-a lot of chopped up raw vegetables (red bell peppers and onions) in a sauce with a wee bit of protein under it and a small dish of rice to be split between us both. I requested more rice and never got any, but we were charged on the bill for a second order of rice. Our portions were very small, the sauce was slopped all over the plate and both dishes tasted exactly alike, except my friend's dish had tofu. At no time did anyone come by to ask if we needed anything, to see how our food was or to refill our water glasses. 

We were the only diners until a young couple came in. Other than us, the restaurant was empty of patrons but the hostess chose to seat the couple next to us, and we sat and winced as they murmured, made puppy dog eyes, mooned over each other, tongue kissed with open mouths across the table and groped each other's crotches (short table cloths) through out most of our meal. The young lady at one point slipped her sandal off so she could put her foot in her boyfriend's lap and attempt to get him off with her toes. 

My friend (either a sadist or a glutton for punishment) wanted dessert but I said no way was I going to sit there and try to eat while 2 people were practically screwing a foot away from me. When the bill came, I had to argue with the server to get it corrected and it came back 3 times before it was properly adjusted. 

This wasn't a meal-it was a nightmare.
I've finally found a thai restaurant to go toooo! YAH!!!!!

I bumped into this place while on a leisure stroll through main street. I was starving and after looking at a few restaurant's menus I walked up to Chabaa and the aroma just grabbed me. My stomach was like "we'z eating here today massir".
Initially my friend and I sat outside since it was a beautiful night but we thought we felt a drizzle so we moved inside.

I had the sampler appetizer (by myself) so you know I was hungry. I then went with the spicy tom yum soup after wards. I figured I should scale down a bit since I already ate the sampler appetizer all by myself.
My friend went with a rice dish as her main meal.

Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the food; giving ideas about what goes best with what...etc.

My tom yum soup (I ordered the spicy) was super good. I mean it was SPICAAAAAEEEEYYYY. The waitress suggested I get a side of rice with it to cool things down - GREAT IDEA. Went well with a spice of jasmine rice. Everything appeared and tasted freshly made not warmed/microwaved up.

I took my soup home with the rice and I'm finishing it up as I type this. It's soo spicy and delicious. When winter rolls around, this soup and rice combo will be a staple. 

There is an upstairs area that I didn't get to see; i was seated downstairs. Next time I'll bring my bottle of wine ($3 cork fee)...
Everytime I go to this BYOB, the decor gets nicer and the service improves! I've been to Chabaa four times and the first time I went, service was abyssmal. Fortunately for them, the food cooked by the owner, Moon, was so outstanding we returned, to receive lukewarm service yet even better food. The third time was a charm and the fourth time was almost perfection.

The menu has evolved from a one-pager to a slightly refined one with phad thai selections with a twist (duck phad thai anyone?). Moon's seasonal desserts are a treat.

Dishes are tasty and can be made spicy (and are!). Try their green curry - they're not afraid to turn up spicy heat on it. Negatively, even if you request it to not be made spicy, it will come out spicy... of course, if you don't want spicy curry, don't get the green. The red or penang curries will do.

Could be romantic, depending on your tolerance for noise. Intimate and small. Highly recommended, make reservations.
As soon as we entered, we noticed the new and clean decor. The place was absolutely empty when we arrived, so I was able to appreciate the time they spent to decorate the place, from ceiling decors to unique candles by the window. Also doesn't hurt that this place is BYOB! (Ambiance: 5 stars) 

But things went kind of downhill from there. As soon as we sat, we noticed a USED cup on our table. Okay, well that's a first in my life. We tried to tell our server, but because 4 parties trickled in after us, I guess she was too busy setting them up. Then, we noticed she was taking their orders, even though we were there FIRST. We tried to flag our server down to take our orders AND to take the USED cup off of our table, but we were being completely ignored. Eventually, we flagged down our HOST and told him we haven't been served yet, and he was apologetic. He went over to our server, but her RUDE response was, "Well, that's probably because the other tables already knew what they wanted to order." Umm, thanks for your hypothesis, BUT no. We've been trying to flag you down since the moment we SAT just to take this USED cup away. But whatever. They need to work on a better system because the table next to me got her order taken, but a minute after that, a different server came and asked to take her order. Awkward. (Service: 2 stars) 

As for food, this place is the PRICIEST Thai restaurant I've ever been to. I don't mind paying for higher quality, but most of the dishes were just... average. They throw on non-traditional meat toppings like scallop for the illusion of "fancy" but it's still sitting on top of mediocre Pad Thai, slapped with a $25 price tag. Taking advantage of the fact that there are hardly any decent Thai restaurants in Philly, I guess they decided with a 100% markup. They did have a pad thai sampler, which is pretty fun in thought, but at $20+, it wasn't so filling. Crispy duck was pretty flavorful and different from the usual Thai food. (Food: 3 stars). 

This restaurant is in NO way your authentic Thai restaurant; it's your basic Thai food items mixed in with non-Thai items with prices inflated like crazy because of the beautiful decor and lack of competition.  Our bill came out to $100 for 3 people, yet the best Thai food I've had in the states costs about $13 per head.
Service - 4 stars
Ambiance - 3 stars
Food - 4 stars
Overall - 3.5 stars (but I'll round up to 4 for BYOB and $3 corkage fee)

I called in for a Saturday night reservation for a party of 5 the night of and they were happy to accommodate us. We got in a bit late due to the terrible parking situation in Manayunk, but the hostess seated us immediately. The whole restaurant is pretty narrow and we were seated by the entrance which is a pretty busy area. There's no real waiting area so there were people standing behind our seats, but it didn't really bother us much. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive for the most part. She was the sole waitress covering the first floor so when we needed extra spoons/ chili sauce, we had to wait a while before getting her attention. The one issue I did have with the waitress is that she didn't seem to know much about Thai food. I asked her about one of the most common Thai noodle dishes (pad kee mao) which I didn't see on the menu, but she had NO clue what I was talking about. I cut her some slack since she was new to the restaurant. 

For appetizers we ordered tom yum soups and spring rolls. Both were good (not great) in flavor and texture. For the entrees we ordered family style and got massam curry, green curry, spicy basil fried rice, and vegetable pad thai. The curries were flavorful and had a liberal amount of tofu. The pad thai was delicious. The spicy basil fried rice was my least favorite.. contrary to the name it lacked any heat and the basil flavor wasn't very strong either. Overall, everyone enjoyed the food and the portions were good, but all of it could've used extra heat. (I find that with most Thai places you can't get the right level of spice until you go the second time because the heat scale varies SO greatly from restaurant to restaurant.)
The website said nothing of the fact that it's temporarily located in Yanako--its sister Japanese restaurant--with a "limited" menu.  And they didn't mention it either when I called to make a reservation for that night. It's almost like they wanted to trick us into eating there.  We walked out.
This is one of the restaurants in my thai triumvirate (Thai Orchid, Nadia, Chabaa), for good reason.  They really try to offer Thai dishes that are dfferent from just the usual standards.  The green curry is very spicy and quite good, and the scallop pad thai is perfectly seasoned with fresh giant scallops.  This is also the only place in the area where you can get duck and scallop pad thai.  I also love the Po Tek or seafood hot pot, which is cooked in a great basil and chilli flavored broth.  The sai grog appetizer is a great blend of lemongrass, pork, and other spices that will provide your palate with a nice change from tulip dumplings.  Finish off with the coconut ice cream (so deliciously creamy) or mango sticky rice. 

The service is decent, but nothing to rave about.  However, the food makes up for that.
Took some family here over the weekend for a casual Thai dinner, and had mixed feelings about our experience.

Pros: The server was really attentive, friendly and helpful.  The decor and atmosphere of the place is definitely better than average.

Cons:  The prices seem a bit steep for what you get.  One person I was with ordered the Crispy Duck special of the night for $23, and it was tiny.  Another person had the Mango Shrimp, which I think was about $22, and was also pretty small, and not very good.  I had the Crazy Noodles with beef, and it was really lackluster.  Didn't taste particularly fresh, and actually the presentation was really poor - did not look appealing to eat at all.

We chose this place based on reviews, and proximity to our house, and maybe my expectations for cheap, delicious Thai food are too high after living in Brooklyn, but I don't think I'd go back here.  Food was definitely not worth the prices.
A couple months back I just happened to be in the area for the bike races and decided that it was about time I check out Chabaa bc I've heard so many good things about it. We ended up getting the Crispy Duck Pad Thai and Chicken Massamaan. OMG I LOVED it. Every bite was just absolutely amazing. 

For sure one of the best Thai restaurants in the Philadelphia area. Take me back take me back!
I was in Thailand for two weeks a couple years ago, and nothing I've had since has compared. 

This did. 

Appetizers: 
Delicious spring rolls. Crispy, not oily. Friends soup appetizer was awesome as well.

Dinner: 
I had the Gaeng Dang red curry with chicken. Absolutely incredible. 
The coconut milk cut through in the soup like it hasn't since Thailand. Tender chicken. I ordered the "hot", and it was spicy but I wasn't blown away. Could've been spicier.
 
I highly recommend it for Thai, and I'll be trying the pad thai next time so wait for an update.
First of all, Thai is one of my favorite cuisines of all time! I love the coconut milk, spices and basil flavoring in their dishes! This is a wonderful date place that I went to with my special person. The interior decor is very cozy and warm. The restaurant puts you completely at ease as soon as you sit down and the service was super friendly!

I had the Panang Curry and a Thai Iced Tea. It was my first time trying both. I tend to shy away from pad thai at Thai places because you can get pad thai pretty much anywhere. So why spend money on something you can cook with a grocery store pad thai sauce and instead, try something new! :o)

My Panang Curry came in a medium sized bowl and immediately you can smell the coconut milk in the dish! It came with white meat chicken and veggies (green peppers, red peppers and onions). At first it's a bit sweet but don't let it sit in your throat because the spicey part hits without a warning lol. Get the Thai Iced Tea if you like something milky and sweet! It goes along perfectly with whatever you're having at the restaurant. Overall, I had a great time here, perfect place with the perfect person :o) This is definitely worth trying out if you're ever in Manayunk!

I give it five stars because I would definitely come here again!!!
Don't panic. This location is closed, but they are temporarily at Yanako (same owner), only a little bit up the street, while they wait to move to the new location. The Chabaa phone number remains the same.

After a few years, this place has been exceeding our expectations. They deserve the new review. Still a little pricey for an average person like me, but once in a while I like coming here to splurge. That said, the pricing is comparable to most places on Main Street so that's not putting them down, but highlighting how frugal I am. Glad they're moving to the bigger location up the street and can't wait for the grand opening.
I normally do not like to leave bad reviews on restaurants but I was so disappointed in my meal. I ordered the crispy mango pineapple shrimp for $23. 

1. There were only 3 shrimp that were soggy when they came. I did not 
2. There was no pineapple in the meal
3. The mango was not ripe at all and was cut into 1 centimeter cubes with maybe 5 little pieces
4. The veggies were extremely undercooked

I'm just confused on what happened to my meal. I definitely will not be ordering again after receiving such a distasteful order. 

I did like the sampler appetizer that I ordered. That's the only reason this review is getting 2 stars.
Chabba Thai definitely hit the spot. 
Definition of the spot:
A. stew-like, rich curry in which your mind doesn't have to reach for the flavor, but the flavor comes to you.
B. The flavor doesn't just come, it swarms your taste buds!
(Order Red Curry)
C. Deep chewiness of noodles that makes you close your eyes along with bites of crunchy vegetables. (Order Crazy Noodles)

I found this place a tad overpriced ($22 for pad thai? for reals??) but in compensation, they really do put that tropical flower in the website photos on top of some dishes.
A wonderful late lunch at Chabaa. 

We had the Fried Dumplings, Shrimp Pad Thai, and Green Curry. Everything was delicious. 

I wish the Fried Dumplings were pan fried/seared, but they were deep fried like perogies instead. They were still good, just not the traditional way (to me) of eating dumplings.

As someone who has an open stomach and eats pretty much everything, I have never been a fan of curry. My wife ordered and I tried some. I ended up loving it. That should tell you everything you need to know. 

Shrimp Pad Thai was pretty standard and met every expectation. 

Fried Dumplings - 3/5
Shrimp Pad Thai - 5/5
Green Curry - 5/5

We also had the place to ourselves due to sneaking into the restaurant despite it being closed (long story short..they kept the place open due to a big reservation but the reservation never showed). The server was perfect by every measure.
Incredible.  I live in the Washington, DC area, where you can't swing a dead cat without hitting a Thai restaurant, so I'm a bit spoiled.  The owner, Moon,  who comes out to talk to every table if she's in, was even a bit intimidated when I said where I'm visiting from.  

Although it seemed a bit pricy compared to what I'm used to, it was well worth it.  The food was incredible, and I'd go again in a heartbeat.  It was probably the best duck curry I've ever had, and it was served in a unique way.  Appetizers were good, including some sort of Thai sausage that I've never seen before.  Dessert was a coconut pudding that came out wonderful, and was a great substitute for the fruit ice creams that we had ordered, but they were unfortunately out of that night.

As a note, some Thai restaurants don't spice things up enough for non-Thai folks, but Chabaa is not one of them.  You can choose your level of spice, and do not assume that hot will be on the low end of bland.  My curry was at the high end of what I can handle (and I live on Thai, Indian, etc.), yet was still tasty enough that it could have burned my tongue off and I would not have minded.

Service was good, as not only did the owner show up, as noted before, but our server was very low key, yet quite helpful.  We had plenty of requests for him, and he definitely earned his tip by filling all of them.

Overall, if I'm back in the Philly area again, I'll totally head out to Chabaa.

~EEE~
Heyo, why the hype for this Thai place Yelp? Located in the always very charming and quaint Manayunk Main street, I'll agree that the atmosphere and flavor of this BYO restaurant can be romantic. This is despite an interior designer who seemed to have attacked the walls with little regard for thematic unity. The two level restaurant was packed on a weekend night; fortunately I had made reservations.

The food is creative, and tweaked slightly from the standard Thai fare. But the changes didn't add deliciousness to my experience, and seemed to be "change made for change's sake." It's like Chabaa has the yearning to be a fusion restaurant, but just can't commit to becoming one. Overall, if you're in the area, Chabaa can be a pretty end for a Manayunk adventure, but don't make the trek out there solely for this restaurant. Oh yeah, parking in this area sucks.
Always delicious, always amazing service and always has a beautifully set mood to your whole evening. 

We ordered the Po Tak seafood soup for two which had a generous amount of shrimp, mussels, squid and scallops which were incredibly large. For the entree we split a Basil fried rice with shrimp and I ordered a small bowl of panang curry sauce on the side - mouth watering. I can't say anything bad about this restaurant it really is perfect. 

Note: The restaurant is BYOB so make sure to bring a Reisling to set off the spice in your food!
Contrary to some of the few negative reviews, this restaurant is not expensive. People seem to associate ethnic restaurants with "cheap." News flash, there are now higher end ethnic restaurants of all flavors in every major city.  I especially love the "New York" references. Just because you go to some cheapo Thai place in NYC doesn't mean a higher end place in Philly is going to be at the same price point. 

The thai food here is excellent. I started out with the fresh spring rolls, which lived up to their name. My green curry shrimp were large, fresh, and spicy. The basil rice with tofu was probably the best Thai rice dish I've ever experienced.
I'm pretty much in love with the place.  It's got a relaxing atmosphere and great food.  I wish I was there right now eating their crazy noodles...Please go! 

Only complaint...you know there has to be sooommeethinnngg...and that is that if you're waiting to be seated there's no place to really wait, and you feel like you're in the way..so go when it's not busy, or make a reservation.

Also!  It's BYOB so, don't forget to pick up some wine on your way!
Came here on a Friday afternoon and it was empty. Just one waitress to what we could see. She wasn't very welcoming or smiley. She took forever to serve us and when she did she just took our appetizers. There was a miscommunication where she put in a order of egg rolls for each of us... 5! When we only wanted 1. And she wasn't accommodating when that happened and expected us to take and pay for the orders. The food was mediocre and I ordered the crispy duck which was bland. And the person that ordered the eggrolls her chicken pad Thai was undercooked so we gave it back and had to wait. The waitress was not attentive to us at all. Even though the experience was bad, they gave us a free mango sticky rice. But overall, would not go back due to service and mediocre food.
I had high expectations for Chabaa after hearing great things. We started with the Satay Chicken and enjoyed the tender meat on the four skewers. I ordered the Gaeng Keaw Wan (Green Curry) with Chicken and, while I liked the flavor, found that the curry a little too thick and that there were not as many vegetables as I would have liked. I got to sample the Gaeng Dang (Red Curry) and the Pad Krapao (Spicy Basil), both of which were good. Across all dishes, there was a distinct spice level that some people might find too strong. We finished dinner with a Chocolate Mousse to go, which was good, but not amazing. Overall, it's a good spot for a meal if you're in Manayunk, but not worth a special trip from Center City in my opinion.
I went here this past weekend for a friends birthday. There were about 10 of us and we were seated comfortably in the front of the restaurant about 20 minutes after our actual reservation time. 

We ended up bringing a ton of wine (like 6 bottles!), luckily they only charge $5 corkage fee for 2 or more bottles. 

I ordered the red curry. Everyone else pretty much ordered a curry or the pad thai. The curry came out in a HUGE bowl which made me happy, however they only give you a small amount of rice to go with it (ensuring you pay for an extra side of rice to actually have enough to finish your meal). I will say though it was delicious and spicy! One of my friends ordered the scallop pad thai and he said it was awesome. The only complaint was another friend of mine got the green curry...I also tasted it and it was overpowered by one particular spice (not sure what it was) but it completely killed the dish. 

Overall a great place, a bit on the expensive side though. Our server was very nice too :)
I love it- finally a decent restaurant on Main Street! Chabaa is certainly not as good as any thai food that I've eaten in Thailand but its tasty and a pleasant dining experience. The servers are knowledeable and quite good. We usually order the yellow curry with tofu and always ask for super mild spice (I'm a wimp). Its always just the right amount of spice and very tasty. We also order the chicken satay, pineapple fried rice with shrimp, and Pad Krapao with chicken. Everything is delicious and well prepared. I always enjoy eating here. The food is great and the service is excellent! My only complaint would be the price. I can't believe how much Thai food is in this city. Where are the cheap yummy thai restaurants in this city??
Coming from the land of Thai food (aka Williamsburg, Brooklyn) I was quite pleased with the quality of food at Chabaa.  Although the prices are more than triple what you would pay in the Burg, the food was overall very good.   We made reservations, which seemed to pay off as the restaurant was getting very crowded towards the middle of our meal.  

Most of my friends live in Manayunk so I go out to eat there quite often.  I find the food is pretty tasty but usually more expensive than what I would normally pay in the NYC.  Which seems weird to me....
The most wonderful Thai food I have ever had in my life!  For the first time ever, I wanted to meet the chef and thank them for the best Thai food I have ever had. Customer service was impeccable and ambience was "on point!"  Worth every penny. Don't miss out!  I can't wait to come back again and again!  Oh...and the bathroom is outstanding---clean.
A lovely Manayunk find! I am really particular about Thai food because it usually gets watered down for Western diners. The flavor profiles get oversimplified and I am not one to be content with a simple Pad Thai that I can make at home for a fraction of the cost. Chabaa lived up to all my expectations. The location is extremely convenient (next to all the bars) and the interior is pleasant enough. We were seated promptly and received plenty of attention from our waiter. Prices were pretty reasonable, about $15-$22 for an entree.

I ordered the penang curry and it was absolutely delectable. The coconut milk was in perfect harmony with the lemongrass and the kaffir leaves added a nice touch. I did regret getting beef because the texture of the meat was a little chewy but I think penang is better suited to lighter proteins. I would not call the dish "spicy" but it has a nice zing to it. SO ordered the pork tenderloin and was very satisfied as well. 

I rarely enjoy leftovers but I was really happy to bust open my curry the next day for lunch, it was that good. I highly recommend Chabaa if you are in the area.
I was helping my boyfriend move into his apartment last summer. We were hot, tired, sweaty, and craving thai. We called up Chabaa Thai Bistro to order some food to go. 

Now most Thai places in the city are relatively inexpensive and we figured this would follow suit. Oh my, how wrong we were! $40 later we were eating our two entrees that were good, but not GREAT for the price. 

I would like to go back and actually sit in the restaurant for a meal since people seem to fancy it. I'll give them a second try, but must forewarn people that this is not a good option for Thai takeout.
I am writing this review after having had a delicious dinner tonight at Chabaa consisting of 2 appetizers: 1) Fresh Spring Rolls; and 2) Bangkok style street pork, as appetizers and for Entrees we had: 1) Crepe Pad Thai; and 2) Crispy Duck Pad Thai.  We brought 2 bottles of vino with us (thanks Jenn M. for the BYOB heads-up) and had a fabulous time!  I love this place for the authentic Thai food in Philly!  It was about $70 for 2 for food and corking fees.  Go there if you can't get to Bangkok tonight!  Cheers!
Chabaa's location makes it the Thai restaurant I visit most often when I'm in Philly, since my apartment is in East Falls.  It's not the best Thai food I've ever had, but it's certainly solid.  Some reviewers have commented about disliking the decor; I happen to like it.  Nice photos of what I assume are locations in Thailand.  The downstairs is particularly cozy, with pillows placed here and there.  Service is always prompt, friendly, and helpful.  A few comments about the food:

-Their spring rolls are truly delectable: just the right amount of crunch, with one whole prawn each.  The only problem?  They often run out by 7-8 pm!  How a Thai restaurant runs out of spring rolls is beyond me.

-The salads are filled with fresh veggies, perfectly cooked meat, and light, flavorful dressings.  The portions are generous, so one salad is large enough to share as an appetizer.  Highly recommended.

-Crab pad thai.  Amazing.  Such tender little bits of crab meat, balanced with delicate noodles and a light, delicious pad thai sauce.  The other pad thai dishes are good, too.  I just had the crepe pad thai tonight--the portion was huge and the shrimp was plentiful.

Overall, I'd recommend Chabaa.  It's a bit overpriced, but the atmosphere is charming and I've never been disappointed with my entree.  When I get a craving for Thai, it hits the spot.  PS: it's BYOB--always a plus!
We ordered takeout from here tonight. My bf and I are big thai food fans and since moving to Philly last month we have been missing our staple thai place in DC.

My bf arrived and it took 5min for an employee to appear who then directed him over to Binto (the market/cafe next door) to get our food/pay. We had just tried take-out from Binto and hoped this would be better especially since the prices were much higher.  

This place has good reviews and with the high price tag I was expecting some delicious food. I hate to say it but I was pretty underwhelmed. I'm sad because there seems to be a lack of good thai food in this area but I can't justify spending $17 for just decent curry.

I had the chicken Panang curry which was not bad but had barely any meat and was generally a small portion. My bf had chicken pad thai, he liked his and I do think it was beautifully decorated but again I have to ask myself- is it worth $17? Sadly no. 

The spring rolls were so oily that I couldn't eat more than one bite. My hand was covered in oil after picking one up. 

Overall: the quality/portions don't match the price tag and I was underwhelmed by the food. The search continues for great (ideally affordable) thai food...
Upon recommendation, my spouse and I decided to try out Chabaa Thai Bistro today.  Walking in, and being seated promptly at 6:40pm, we commented nicely on the decor and beautiful ambience that the establishment had.  We were seated upstairs and was immediately greeted by a friendly server who brought us back our drinks within a reasonable time frame (7-10 minutes).  There were 3 seated couples upstairs and we were the 4th.  We also made sure we were there before the dinner rush, but service changed soon after we received our appetizer (sampler).  Our main course was Crispy Duck Pad Thai and the Grilled Lemon grass Beef salad.  She had also recommended a side of rice which we agreed on.

As she took away our Appetizer plate and brought over the entrees, we inquired about the rice since we were ready to dig in and see what the rave was all about.  The entrees looked and smelled great and were garnished quite nicely.  She mentioned that the rice was on its way after we asked, time was 7:05 pm.  Then the late dinner rush happened around 7:30 pm.  By then, she had completely forgotten about us.  The rice never came, my drink glass was empty (I placed it on the side of the table hoping someone would see it), and getting someone's attention was futile.  The rush consisted of only 3 more tables!

She finally came up to us and asked if she could pack it up (we barely ate anything).  The time was 7:58 pm.  We waited for the check to make sure we were billed appropriately.  She came up the stairs with our very large take home bag but placed it elsewhere.  She then gave us the check (where's our doggie-bag?).  She left us for a bit only to come back upstairs and opened up the bag.  She then stuck something in it and finally gave it to us.  The check totaled up just fine, just under $58 albeit a bit expensive for what we kinda ate (which was very good nonetheless), but justified since it was "one of a kind" for the area.

A glass of Thai Iced Cofee, a soft drink, the sampler, Pad Thai and Beef salad.  No tab for rice of course.

We got home and the rice was in the bag.  She couldn't apologize when we were there, a simple "sorry we got a bit busy" would have been nice but the rice didn't matter.  It was the service that mattered. We still tipped the customary 20% anyways.
I really really LOVE this restaurent.  Its a great BYOB.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the wait I had there the other night.
2.5*. After all of these years in Manayunk, I decided to finally try Chabaa, and I have to say I was underwhelmed. 

First, the upside:

1) the food - creative menu where you'll find dishes distinct from other Thai restaurants. The lump crab meat pad thai sounded delicious. I decided to go with the Po Tek, a spicy seafood hotpot. It was really tasty and loaded with huge shrimp, scallops, and calamari. The spring roll appetizer was also really good. 

Downsides:

1) the prices - the price point here is pretty high, but what I found outrageous was when the waitress asked me if I wanted rice with my soup, I said yes, I was brought a small bowl with an ice-cream-scoop-sized ball of rice, and then I found it on my bill for $3. That must be like a 15x or more markup. Not cool. She should have at least made it clear that it wasn't included. 

2) service - the waitress was not really that pleasant. She made no effort to smile and barely responded when we thanked her for clearing plates or refilling water. That said, otherwise she was fine. It's just that at this price (we paid about $45 for lunch for two), I'd expect better service. 

3) the decor - everything looks quite worn. The carpet going up the stairs is threadbare, the tables are chipped, etc. It's hard to believe that the same people who own the gorgeous Yanako own Chabaa. 

Manayunk has become quite a competitive food scene, so I think that Chabaa needs catch up with the rest of the places on Main St. I really wanted to like it, but not sure I will be back.
I LOVE their food here!  A great representation of traditional Thai with a Modern twist, friendly service, nice atmosphere, and fantastic food presentation.  Plus being a BYOB helps to keep the prices down for an amazing meal!!!
We don't often venture over to Manayunk because its such a pain to park there..  But on the occasion when we are going to a movie at the Main St theater, Chabaa Thai has become our go to place for dinner.

Chabaa Thai has a lot going for it. The upstairs room is nicely decorated with soft lighting and background music.  Food is fresh tasty and well prepared.  Some items we have especially enjoyed at Chabaa Thai are the fresh spring rolls, green curry, and the seafood soup. 

So if you are headed over to Manayunk, I recommend  dinner here. Don't forget to bring your beer or wine, because its BYOB.
first time we went was when it first opened. there was an hour wait to get in. the atmosphere and food was fab. And the noisy drunk patrons were a hoot.. made my night. I love it when people enjoy fine dining. condusive to Byob standard!
Well we went last tuesday and the owner wasn't in. big difference. The food was overpriced and nothing to write home about. For the money, it might be worth spending the gas, and cruise into town afterall. It'd be nice if there were a cool ethnic restaurant on Main street that doesn't  pull so hard at your wallet for ok food. I'm waiting!
BYOB!!
At Chabaa Thai Bistro we had a 2 star experience.  
The appetizers were just ok. Mainly one was good because everything was deep fried. (how can it be bad really?)

But the other, a salad...included pink and mealy tomatoes!  In August...there is absolutely no excuse for this.  If it were January, I would understand...but i guess the bounty of  fresh and ripe summer produce didn't make it to this place.

My green curryi entree was tasty but lacked veggies, it was basically just fried tofu swimming in coconut sauce.  I thought it should have been enhanced by some peppers or broccoli or anything green for that matter.  Without veggies to diversify, it got boring very fast.  

On the other hand, their brown rice is amazing! It's cooked to perfection.
I've never had such wonderful brown rice served in a restaurant before.

My dining partner couldn't even swallow the first bite of his "braised meat" penang special....The meat was rubbery and tough and not at all what braising brings to mind.  In place of it he chose some crazy noodles, but picked at them solemnly and explained that he didn't want to fill up on it...so that he could have a better dinner later that evening.

I don't like to pick on places, but it certainly wasn't all that we had hoped for.
I'd like to think of myself as rather knowledgeable about  Thai food  having tried most Thai places in Philly and South Jersey and having been to Thailand.  Working in Bala Cynwyd, there's not much ethnic food, so I was excited to find a Thai place I could go to for lunch.  I should've known better than to trust Manayunk.  Although the food is decent, it is far from spectacular or "authentic."  This is obviously Thai food catered to the white people that frequent Manayunk-- low spice, small servings, and high cost.  

I ordered the Pad Krapao (Spicy Basil) which is supposed to be one of the hotter Thai dishes.  On top of that I ordered it extra hot (they give you the option of mild).  When I received a small plate with mostly bell peppers and about 6 pieces of beef I was shocked.  But I thought, well if it's good it'll be worth it.  There was almost no spice in it.  Since I was seated in a corner it took a while for the waiter to come back.  When he did I asked for some chili flakes and he came back with Maggi sauce (for those that don't know it's a sweet, very mildly spiced tomato based sauce)!  What kind of Thai restaurant does not have chili flakes?!  That says it all.  Thai food is SUPPOSED to be very spicy.  If you go to any decent Thai restaurant they give you a heat range of 1-5 so that you can get it the intended way or the mild way.  This place didn't even try.  I know that you have to cater to an audience who doesn't eat foreign food very often, but at least give the rest of us a chance.  

For a nearly $20 lunch with no chili flakes, I'd recommend staying away from here.  If you want good Thai food try Tamarind on Front and South in center city.  It is the best place I've eaten with ample servings, reasonable price, and spicy Thai food.

*Pros: Great if you are new to eating spicy foreign food and if you generally only eat Pad Thai.

*Cons: Don't expect anything to actually be spicy unless you beg for chili.  Expect to spend too much money.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Manayunk for the past 5 years. I get the spicy basil fried rice with chicken almost every single time I go. I've tried a bunch of other things too, like one of their specials in green curry (delicious) and crazy noodles (my go to 2nd choice), and both types of spring rolls are amazing. And it's byob, doesn't get much better!
You'll have to take my review with a grain of salt because having grown up in a Thai family and eating a lot of Thai food my whole life, my review is a little more biased than most.

Went to Chabaa a month ago and thought it was OK. I was actually expecting it to be much better than it was from all the positive reviews I've read. 

There are lots of different styles and ways to cook even the most traditional Thai dishes which is why you'll find variations in flavor at different restaurants all depending on what part of Thailand the chef is from. That being said, I thought all the dishes we ordered were good but not mind-blowing for Thai.

Final thoughts...
There are other Thai restaurants in Philadelphia I'd rather go to (Siam Cuisine on Arch St.) but for Manayunk, Chabaa isn't a bad option at all.
Living in the 'yunk, this is a neighborhood favorite. Thai is also a favorite of mine, so I'm glad this place does it well.  The coziness of the environment makes it great for a date night or a night to catch up with old friends over a bottle of your best BYO.  The most memorable dish that comes to mind for me is the Green Curry Seafood dish.   Also great is the Tom ka soup (to 2nd second jen d's review)!  Love this place!
This place is great. I have eaten here and done take out and its quality every time. I've tried a lot of the dishes here, the best from my opinion is the Red Curry, its legitimately addictive! Also they always have specials and I would suggest trying them because they have never been bad.
The staff isn't that friendly or helpful though, which is why I prefer to get take out from here instead of eating in. 
Again BYOB which doesn't hurt.
Probably the best Thai restaurant in Philly. Very good, yet short of sensational. Service is quite nice, space is laid out well, and the flavors are good. Prices are also pretty reasonable. Yet I wish there was somewhere better than here or that Chabaa was just a bit better. Still easily worth going to. Good mix of dishes. 

BYOB, but Thai iced tea is also quite good if you are not in the mood for alcohol

Recommended Foods:

Apps: Spring Rolls ($7 for two), Satay Chicken ($9 for four skewers)

Soup: Tom Yum (chicken: cup $6, bowl $9; shrimp: cup $8, bowl $12)

Salads: Num Tok ($12)

Main Courses: Panang Curry, Red Curry, Green Curry (tofu: $13; chicken/beef: $15; shrimp: $19; mixed seafood: $21), Po Tek (seafood hot pot soup for two, $16), fried rice with crab meat ($18), Panang Beef ($22), Pineapple Jasmine Rice (with chicken, $17),  Crazy Noodles or Spicy Basil Fried Rice (tofu: $13; chicken/beef $14; shrimp: $17; mixed seafood: $19)

Pad Thai: Original (Tofu/veggie: $15; chicken/beef: $17; shrimp: $20; mixed seafood: $23), Salmon Pad Thai ($22), Scallop Pad Thai ($22)

Desserts: Mango Sticky Rice or Coconut Ice Cream with Mousse ($8 for both)

Beverages: Thai Iced Tea ($3)
Chabba lived up to its reputation! I did visit the place again, and this time things went wonderfully well. The food tastes wonderful the atmosphere just perfect! Try their starter platter, soup pot for two and of course the pineapple flavored fried rice.
Delicious thai food + byo = really good times!

I think anytime we have a group dinner here we become that obnoxiously loud group dinner...But we have such a good time we don't really care :p
Whatever your taste, bring a bottle and they'll provide the chillers.

I've tried fried tofu (yum!! tasty sauce too), crispy duck pad thai (i love duck, so really...YUM!), crab pad thai (lots of lump crab meat!).  I've also tried a special before although I can't recall what it was.  I just recall it was good!

This is definitely priced for the neighborhood it's in so bring the funds...otherwise it's worth the trip.  Date night, birthday dinner or group dinner.  All work here.
y i waited until i made a byob list to rate chabaa - I'm unsure b/c me and the ladies went here once a week when I lived in manayunk.... best Thai food in the city!! 

byob with consistent tasty dishes!  We usually ordered crispy spring rolls and the crazy noodles with tofu & I was never disappointed. my buddy ordered the duck stew once and he was a fan, I wasn't especially b/c his leftover spilled all over my purse n I had to trash it - but the rest of the food is amaz-N!

decent portions, price of my noodle/tofu dish is cheap! Entrees a bit more expensive.

Tip: make a reservation & try to sit outside - great people watching on main street!
Monday night we had the honor of dining here for the first time since the Pandemic started, and we were truly blown away by our experience. The staff was extremely welcoming and kind. Chef Moon spent a lot of quality time with us, giving us recommendations, and genuinely getting to know us. It is apparent that she is passionate about her staff, her customers, and making sure that she creates delicious meals! We felt honored to have met her!
It is very obvious that Chabaa Thai Bistro and Yanako have made a tremendous effort in keeping their customers and employees safe during the Pandemic by requiring diners to get their temperatures checked when they walk in, as well as using the provided hand sanitizer. The seating arrangements were very spaced out as well, in order to alleviate any concerns for eating inside.
We 10/10 would recommend this place. If you're in the Philly area or have any plans to stop by in the near future, make sure you pay them a visit!
Best eats on main street!  

The specials are top notch and the usuals are just as satisfying.  They hit on the little things, such as friendly greeting and clean environment, continued to elevate things by taking the time to explain and answer questions, and locked up a solid rating with a great meal.

Chabaa continues to improve itself, from the decor to the service, which along with its consistency, earned it an extra star.
We ordered the duck pad Thai and Panang special. Both were borderline disgusting, and tasted like cheap shrimp and fish respectively. The vegetables were just as inedible. We paid $50 for two entrees that were takeout. Would never recommend this place to anyone.
I live in California so we have an abundance of Thai and Asian cuisine..when I was out visiting my best friend who lives here in Manayunk, she suggested Thai, and I said sure.

She and her husband were raving about this place, and for a good reason too! The food was delicious. The shrimp in the mango chilie shrimp dish special were so big and fresh, WOW!

Tom Yum soup was really spicy, the pad thai great,..and the BROWN RICE!!! SO MUCH BETTER THAN WHITE....you have to try the brown rice...and then for desert the mango sticky rice, YUM YUM YUM...

PS Because of PA's weird liquor laws this restaurant is BYOB, the corkage is only $5 no matter how many bottles of wine you bring!
Visited Chabaa for the first time today, service was great and so was the food! I love that the establishment is byob and the corking fee is not bad at all. I ordered the king crab fried rice and it came out hot and delicious, would definitely return!
Ive tried most of the menu, but the Gaeng Dang and the Koong Ob Woonsen are EXCELLENT. The appetizers and desserts are really delicious ! The atmosphere is very relaxing. Good service as well. Highly recommended!!
i love Chabaa and it will always hold a place in my heart.  the portions are large, the atmosphere and decor leave nothing to be desired, and the staff is super talented and friendly. 
Chabaa is BYO, so expect to pay a service fee.  I highly recommend the pad thai, thai iced tea, panang special, and pretty much any of the appetizers.  spicy basil fried rice is another favorite.  and the pineapple fried rice! how could i forget!

if they have the mango sticky rice dessert, then get it, because it is awesome!  i have never been to Thailand, but i guarantee that Chabaa is as close as it gets to authentic Thai food (albeit in America). 
if you are disappointed in Chabaa, it is almost certainly your fault.  One of my favorite places, hands down.
Solid Thai place. As my friend described it, the flavors here are more mild-- not as colorful as the usual thai flavors. However, this was a nice surprise for my two friends and I who dined on a Tuesday night.

The place was pretty crowded, but there were still available seats. The service, though, was SO SLOW. We arrived around 6:30 and had to leave by 7:50. By 7:40 PM, our entrees had JUST arrived, despite putting in our order an hour beforehand. There were others that had come later than us, and received their orders earlier, so I'm not sure if what we ordered just took more time or there was an issue in the kitchen.

The pad Thai here is REALLY GOOD. We ordered the pad Thai, a mild soup, and a seafood hot pot. The seafood hot pot is definitely recommended! It is a very refreshing soup and will leave you feeling good.

Portions here are also pretty small!
I happened to be in Manayunk visiting one of my oldest friends when we had lunch at this little Thai place. Very good/authentic Thai food - just like I had in Thailand. Only here I didn't get food poisoning like in did in Bangkok - Always a plus!
I am very split on how I feel about this restaurant. The food was pretty good. The Pad Thai was delicious, but the service was disappointing. Our waitress was not really friendly and only checked on our table once. 6put of 8 of the meals came out and we waited for the other dishes for an additional 20 min. Our food was cold by the time the last plate was served . One of the order were forgotten and so was the apology. 

After we asked for our check, she prompted to tell us they did not , and would not separate the bill. After we added our cards in, she proceeded to tell us she could only split the bill evenly by four. We came with a large group and would have appreciate the heads up. 

Over all, the food is really good, but the service was disappointing and created an atmosphere to match.
Chabaa Thai has always been my favorite restaurant in Manayunk and I was quite disappointed when the old location shut its doors a few years ago.  But they are back now and the food is still as good as before. As a matter of fact it is exactly the same as before which is a good thing. Highly recommended!
People that really know me know that my love for Thai food is unparalleled by many things in this world. The way that some girls love princess cut diamonds or that guy in the Twilight movies is the way that I love Thai food. Even the Jersey Shore cast's love for tanning beds cannot be rivaled by my love for Thai.
I am thankful that I have discovered this little BYO. While my quest for top-notch Thai food in the city is still prevailing, I take comfort in the fact that I can always go to Chabaa in Manayunk or Chiangmai in Conshy.
I haven't tried as much as I would like to on Chabaa's menu because their red curry is just so damn good. I end up getting it basically every time I'm there. I have tried the crab pad thai which is very yummy though pretty pricey for Thai food (but it's crabmeat so you can expect to pay a little more) and the panang curry which is also excellent. Last time I was there I got to try some of the dinner special that my friend had ordered...it was halibut with mixed veggies and rice and it was wonderful also.  I order their tom kha often as well. It's not the best I've had but still pretty good. 
I hate Manayunk, but I will endure the bumper to bumper traffic on 76, the potentially murderous steep hills, the lack of anything even remotely resembling a parking spot and the plethora of trying-too-hard-to-get-laid Twenty-somethings just to dine at Chabaa.
3.5 stars

It was good but didn't blow me out of the water. Portions are huge, food is tasty but service was pretty slow - and this was during an early Saturday dinner when we were one of three tables. Recommend the Po Tek (super flavorful seafood soup for 2).
I love Thai food! 4 years ago I worked at a little Thai place in Ohio called Thai Gourmet and the food was wonderful! I had not had Thia yet in this City so a few weeks ago some friends and I decided to BYO there. We hang out every Thursday and drink lots of wine and eat delicious food and just have an amazing time! We chose to try Chabaa and were very satisfied. Their vegetarian pad thai is amazingly good! The thing was loaded with tons of edible garnish, which the edible garnish is my favorite thing ever, I love it as much as I love toast with jam or cheese! But yeah the service was good, we went  around 6 on a Thursday and they were not busy at all and we all loved the food.
we were excited to try chabaa thai and were very disappointed. it was a beautiful saturday evening and we sat outside, which was great. we had fresh spring rolls and thai sausages for appetizers then the house salad and a special pad thai. all of it was fine but totally unexciting and kind of tasteless.  the service was slow and they made a mistake in our order.  really not good for the price.
I was in town and decided that it was most important for good friends to enjoy good food in a ...GREAT location.

So Chabaa it was. Pad Thai I know sounds cliche but was really good. Chabaa - BYOB, so leave it to my dear friend to bring a bottle of watermelon vodka! hahaha i had never laughed so much in my life. 

The service was great the food was very delicious and the places was busy. We had a lovely time and would certainly visit again.
If there was only one reason to visit manayunk (which there is) then Chabaa Thai is it! After moving out of the area I had forgotten about their delicious, and albeit cramped offerings. The panang curry is and always will be a favorite of mine - it could not be better here! My man always orders the Pad Thai or drunken noodles which is predictable but difficult to go wrong. Considering the byo factor, which keeps the check average affordable, this is one of Philadelphia's best date night spots!
Had a wonderful meal at Chabaa....the scallop pad thai was fantastic! loved the coconut ice cream and sticky rice. Service was attentive, but not intrusive. Definitely a great go to spot!
Very solid and delicious.  This restaurant is BYOB which is cool.  For some reason I did not mind running down the street to get a 6 pack.

Everything on the menu is good.  You can't go wrong with anything.  Order a lot and spend some time there.  The location is wonderful and make sure you call ahead for reservations.
Since relocating from NYC some time ago I have been on the hunt for a quality Thai place. Finally, I found this one. My crew and I sampled the green curry, panang curry, tom yum soup, spring rolls and pad thai. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. The curry sauce is super creamy - I could really taste the coconut in the sauce. Plus, it's a very nice, airy space with lots of comfy places to sit. I have noticed that some people commented that the service here needs improvement. That was not my experience at all. I have been twice and both times the service was fast (but not so fast that I felt like I was being rushed out the door) and attentive. I will definitely go back.
Came here for dinner and the service was horrible! The food may have been good but it's not worth the wait. Do not come if you do not have 2 hrs to wait for your meal and never being able to find your server when things are needed. We had a party of 5 and they tried to charge us 20% gratuity on our bill when it clearly states in the menu an 18% on a party if 6 or  more. So, do not come here and it's really not worth it.
Went here on a trip to Philadelphia for my sister's birthday. 
Was told I would need reservations, but when we missed ours because of flight delays, there was no problem getting us a table. Loved the whole upstairs/downstairs thing.
Food was all great, nothing amazing, but really please with the rice. 
Thais iced coffee, our favorite, was perfect. Service does take a little while, but you aren't nagged by your waiter which I really appreciate. Don't expect to get in and out easily. 
Desert though was something else! We had the pineapple ice cream and some mango thing. The pineapple came in a little pineapple which was adorable. And the mango thing was delicious, even though it sounded like it wouldn't be.
Overall, wonderful.
This place was super nice and I actually liked that the waitress wasn't breathing down our throats.   This is a nice BYO place that you wouldn't even know you were on the Main Street of manayunk by the inside.  We started out with the appetizers.  We got the spring egg rolls and they were delicious.  We also split the satay chicken. Both were a great choice.  I ordered the scallop pad Thai and the scallops were okay but my noodles were smothered in peanuts.  It made my throat pretty dry.  Also there mangos, carrots, limes, and red peppers in it that didn't really complement the meal I think it was just for aesthetic purposes.  I was disappointed in my meal but I know everyone else enjoyed theirs.
I think this is probably one of my favorite thai restaurants around philly.  They are very vegetarian friendly.  On top of that they are BYOB! They have this special pad thai with extra vegetables in it with baby bok choy I haven't seen this anywhere else yet. For all you brown rice lovers they have this as an additional option instead of white rice as well. Their prices may seem a little steep but bring your appetite and you'll see that this place is well worth your wallet for the quality of food.  Also try to get seating upstairs, it's more intimate
I was told by someone that they thought this was the best Thai place in Philly, so my expectations were high.  Plus... I didn't think it could beat Trio (granted, Trio gets bonus points for being a half block away from home).  Anyway, the chicken pad thai was awesome and the service was great!  I think it's a tie for best Thai food I've had in Philly!
When I go to new thai places I always like to taste their pad thai. I just feel like this is a good way to gauge how good a place will be.

My pad thai was good, but nothing ridiculously special. It was well done and flavorful though. I think if I lived in Manayunk I would really like this place. I think I have to come here again, and try another dish to see if just the other dishes are much better... And I know that $22 for a dinner isn't terrible, but I'm used to running to the Thai places in Chinatown that are more in the $12-15 range. But that's just my 2 cents!
I've been going to chabaa for a number of years. I've tried almost all of their dishes on their menu including the special menu. And I feel confident to make the statement that this is one of the best BYOB restaurants in Philadelphia. The wait staff are like a big family, quick service, great food, and amazing ambience.  A few things I recommend to make the whole eating out at Chabaa more enjoyable. 
1. Make a reservation, especially on friday and saturdays
2. Bring a bottle of wine or 6-pk
3. Order anything you want on the menu, you won't be disappointed. Go check it out and enjoy!
We met a group of friends for dinner on a packed night. Unfortunately, our experience suffered from it - at least I hope that was the justification. Our groups food arrived at odd times; some where half-way through their entrees while others hadn't even received their appetizers. My food was dry, and seemed rushed in it's preparation, save for a nice plating of vegetables and fruit, topped with an orchid. The staff's unapologetic and dismissive demeanor was the proverbial straw.

Again, based upon some of the other reviews, I'm inclined to believe that this was an anamoly, but I'm unlikely to go there again to test the theory.
Chabaa Thai is by far the best Thai I've ever had ANYWHERE. They've ruined Thai food for me from anywhere else, because it never comes close to the food here.

The Panang Curry at Chabaa has one of the most comforting flavors. With every bit, the warm spices and soothing coconut milk wrap around you like a soft blanket. I've never tasted anything like this...it makes you feel so good and is absolutely delicious.

The Panang Curry is one of my favorite dishes here, but the other is the Crazy Noodles with tofu. The combo of wide rice noodles, veggies, and firm tofu is like a party in your mouth :) The texture of this dish feels really good on the tongue, and the combination of the ingredients and sauce creates an amazingly satisfying flavor....I wish my stomach could handle 3 dishes of it!

For dessert, they have a really good coconut ice cream. I don't think it's made in house...but it's really good and refreshing. For those of you in center city looking for good Thai, it's totally worth the trip out to Manayunk. AND it's BYO...doesn't get any better than that!
The decor was average and the waitress chose to seat us at a table directly next to another couple when the entire upstairs was empty.

The menu had good choices, however I was not feeling adventurous so we opted for the spring rolls as an appetizer and both got the chicken Pad Thai for the main course. The pricing was on the high side (17) for chicken Pad Thai. Several of our other favorite Thai restaurants in Fairmount and center city are within the 12-15 range so we hoped it would blow us away. 

The spring rolls were very flavorful, however when the meal came we were not as impressed. It was presented nicely, however was not as flavorful as we hoped, especially for the price.

Another thing that annoyed us was the $3 corking fee. 

Overall we were happy that we gave it a try, but will stick to our favorite Thai places in the city in the future.
This place is phenomenal. I went for the first time a few weeks ago and loved it. Everything I had was good (I got the spring rolls and crispy duck pad thai). It really was the best thai food I've ever had.

Definitely a great place to go for dinner. It's BYOB (so don't forget your wine) and it's a nice, cozy atmosphere to bring a date. 

I did think it was a little expensive, but after eating the food, I definitely thought it was worth it.
This was actually my first time having thai food. Thankfully it was a great experience. Our waiter was Kamen and he was awesome. The food was great too. We ate outside this time but we plan on coming back to eat inside for dinner.
Crazy Noodle Beef from Chabaa Thai = Pure Heaven......thanks Philly friends!
I wanted to love Chabaa so much. When I looked at the menu, I thought it sounded great. When I walked into the place, I thought it looked so cool. I couldn't wait, I thought it would be great. When my server greeted me, she was so sweet and did a good job serving me, I thought it would be so great. I ordered one of the specials, which was a game fish wrapped in banana leaf with peppers and onions, mushrooms, baby corn and rice with a sweet and sour chili-lime sauce.

Then I tasted it.

And it tasted like what can only be described as the food equivalent of water. Evereything but the chili-lime sauce was completely tasteless and bland, not to mention cold the minute it hit the table.

I was very disappointed, but I still see the potential and hope to one day return and be swayed to a positive review.
I love Chabaa Thai and go here as often as I can.  My boyfriend and I forgot to make reservations for Valentine's Day, so instead of getting pushed off to Mango Moon like we were last year (nowhere near as good), we opted to get takeout and it was delicious.  I did miss the atmosphere, and food is never as good out of a takeout container as it is plated in a restaurant, but it was still incredible.  We ordered spring rolls, scallop pad thai (I get this every time) and duck pad thai.  All great.  All told, it was around $45.  I tipped generously bc it was a busy night and I appreciated that, even though we didn't have a reservation, we were still able to enjoy our favorite restaurant in Manayunk!
Located along the winding expanse of Manayunk's Main Street, lies a delicious restaurant, Chabaa Thai Bistro.

At first glance, the restaurant appears rather quaint, but the beautiful dcor and pleasant aromas compensate, preparing you for a nice time. Whether one is a Thai connoisseur or novice to the cuisine, Chabaa is likely to satisfy.

What excited me the most about this restaurant was their menu. It featured many dishes I have never seen at a Thai restaurant. Specifically, I was happy to see that, not one, not two, but seven different types of Pad Thai were served. Salmon, Crispy Duck, Crab, and Scallop Pad Thai? I started to wonder what rock I was living under to not know such creations existed! However, I did not partake of either one. I chose a dinner special, knowing the other dishes would be there for my next visit (which will be soon!)

For an appetizer, I had the Fried Tofu, large pieces of crunchy tofu accompanied with a sweet sauce, topped with peanuts. Though fried, this was not too heavy, and the sweet and sour sauce was addictive.

For my entre, I had the Rad Nar Seafood. It was delicious. Served in a small pot, this dish had an abundance of seafood: mussels, shrimp, scallops, prawn, etc. Mixed in were wild rice noodles and fresh vegetables, all in a tasty thin gravy sauce.

Just when I thought I had enough, we were asked about dessert. I had the Mango Sticky Rice. I was told that this was a very popular, traditional Thai dessert. Words cannot describe how indulgent it was, so I'll leave it for you to try! If you're a fan of rice pudding, I highly recommend it.

I loved the setting, I loved the food, and I loved the service. Give Chabaa Thai a try.
I really, really, really love this place.  I've been here many times and I've never left unsatisfied.   I love their red curry, perfect amount of spices and vegetables and exceptional flavor.  Extra points for having those cute little mushrooms in the curry.
Myself and some hipster doofus I like to call " my boyfriend" went here for a night out on the town. I got the Panang Curry and he got the Seafood soup.. not only was it DELICIOUS but it looked great too! We also ordered a banana desert which left me feeling light and airy on a sunday afternoon. The waitstaff was attentive and very kind. The only drawback was that us silly weasels forgot to bring a bottle of wine so we could get buck.  Expect us back CHAABA... keep it real...

one love.
Been here few times and its pretty good.  That is, if you could get seating on the second floor.  During our recent visit, there was an event going on and we had to sit on the first floor. When we got there, we were the only ones there, so it wasn't bad.  But, as the evening wore on, the tables around us started filling up and got somewhat noisy.  Plus, being right by the door, there were a lot of foot traffic.  Each time someone walked by, our table shook.  
ok, that being said.  The food is always top notch here.
I've had their green and red curry on prior trips and were very satisfying.
Usually I don't get appetizers.  But, this last time, I got the Salmon Tom Kah Bowl.  And! the stupid me read the description wrong.  I was feeling pretty good, thinking I ordered a salad for once.  Until, our server brought the dish.  Boy was it big!  I wished I had ordered the cup us just had that as my entree meal.  By no means though that I was ready to share it with someone.  My friend ordered the chicken satay and loved it.  But, I thought 4 skewers for $9 was pretty pricy.
For entree, I got the Panang Curry Chicken - extra spicy.  I had got Tom Kah extra spicy as well.  So, halfway through the meal, my taste buds were begging for mercy and pleaded I call the fire brigade.  It was so bad, I couldn't even decipher the taste difference between the tom kah and panang curry.  AND, I'm indian.  I can take heat and spicy.  ALL IN ALL, I was completely and utterly satisfied.
My friend on the other hand, got his red curry minimally spicy.  So, I spent a good 10min making fun of him for chickening out.
I think their style of serving entree in a bowl with rice on the side is pretty cool.  Cause, you get a bigger portion.
Our server was very attentive and didn't have the problem some of the previous reviewers had.
Weather being, they have outdoor seating available as well.  But, manyunk main street sees a huge foot traffic.  So, if you don't mind eating in that setting, do arrive early.  By the time we got there, all the tables were occupied.
Over all, Chabaa comes pretty close to thai orchid in blue bell and chianmai in conshohocken.  Although the later have much better ambiance.  They only have the one type.  But, at Chabaa, you an option of upstairs, first floor, and outdoors.  Plus, you're on mainstreet.
Consistently okay. I actually order from here quite often and every time I basically regret it- there's just no good thai places around here. I've tried most of their curries, soups, as well as the crazy noodles. I like the green curry but they tend to put in entire vegetables (whole broccoli heads) instead of cutting them smaller which kinda ruins it for me. Also, their dishes are inconsistently spiced in that sometimes when I receive it it's very spicy (yum) yet other times there will be no spice at all. Mostly your average thai food that is significantly overpriced.
They have good menu options, but I agree it's a lot more expensive than NYC. I've had better Thai food for a much lower price.
Sad face...this place has gone downhill. Perhaps the owner is too focused on his newer project, MangoMoon? 

I'm a bit of a miser when it comes to Thai food in Philly. We have such great ethnic cuisine, but the Thai offerings don't compare to the amazing Vietnamese or Korean joints. Regardless, I stumbled into Chabaa Thai with a friend from out of town one summer night in 2006, and we had the most glorious meal. I remember saffron-infused rice, delicious basil, and pretty paper lamps. 

I made my way back to Chabaa Thai a little while ago and was underwhelmed. The snazzy decor I remembered appeared chintzy and lackluster. Maybe it's just because I'm 4 years older, or maybe they haven't changed the decor in 4 years? 

I got the tofu tom yum soup to start. The broth was tasty, but the veggies didn't mesh well and there were way too many onions. DC got the garden salad, which was ENORMOUS, but in an awkwardly shaped bowl with thick dressing. 

For dinner, I ordered the seafood pad kraprao. Nothing stellar to report- the seafood was limp, the sauce a bit cloying, and there were no veggies. DC got the crab pad thai which was easily the best dish of the evening. It was well-seasoned and the noodles were perfectly cooked. 

If I find myself in Manayunk, I would go back to Chabaa for its pad thai and rice dishes. But I'm not going to make a special trip out of my way, especially when Cafe de Laos is so close and so good.
Very good food. Great atmosphere and restaurant design. Very good and fast service. Very reasonably priced. Would go again for sure.
I used to really love this place when it was a whole in the wall and was excited to see it anew.  The staff was amazing as always and the new space is beautiful. Sadly, the entree's have lost the intensity of flavor and feel like where substituted by the sugar and salt. I say this not to bash the establishment but really encourage them not to cater to the "American" palette with sugar and salt- we Americans want more.  The fall special mussels were excellent- in fact they were perfect and without flaw or fault. The broth was perfectly flavorful without feeling salt laden.  And the coconut custard is to die for.
Food's good. They had me at "pineapple".  
Service is ok. 
Sitting outside is unfortunate. Manayunk - we aren't in Europe...your cafes aren't equipped with proper outside seating. Get a clue. It sucks to be right in the traffic flow, or to have someone's dog all up in your business when you're trying to enjoy your pad thai. Sit inside, friends.
