I worked at a down-home, hole-in-the-wall diner for 5 years as my first job in high school, and would consider myself a diner gal through and through. I could eat breakfast every meal of every day, and I absolutely adore the little joints that serve it up right. So when I moved to TempleTown, finding one near me was a pretty big priority. 

Unfortunately, I couldn't find one that really scratched that breakfast itch for months until Champ's (previously Champ's Corner, now Champ's Diner) announced its grand re-opening around January 2015. 

Service was definitely a little rough at first (I wandered in for the first time toxic and hungover on New Year's Day, and every table was full with only 2 waitresses working the floor) but they've been really successful at adjusting since then. 

Now, I go there at least 3-4 times a week for two eggs over easy, and some crispy home fries for only $5. It's delish, it's quick, and it's a nice little spot to sit and write a journal entry or daydream away and stare out the big windows overlooking Cecil B. The servers are adorable, sweet, and even remembered my order and how I take my coffee after only two visits. 

In my opinion, Champ's is totally worth the short, two-block walk past Owl Breakfast on 15th for friendlier service, better food, fresher coffee, and a cozier ambiance.
This place was cheap but delicious and within walking distance of my off-campus apartment. What could be better? I ordered the Oreo pancakes and my roommates got the chicken and waffles and hash browns and bacon. Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted delicious! The place was newly renovated inside although it was a little cramped. However, it was the Friday before spring break and it didn't affect my experience here too much. Overall I had a great experience and am eager to go back to try more menu items!
Great breakfast sandwiches they're open very early jus wish they would stay open jus a little bit longer this is the best spot great service
Awesome food, friendly service, and all around great experience. Chicken Waffles were delicious, Western Omelet was great as well. Okay price range as well!
Champ's diner is undefeated in the breakfast/brunch game. I love the red velvet pancakes. There are four red delicious pancakes stacked on top of each other and topped with whipped cream and berries. Nice crunch of the chocolate provided a nice contrast  to the fluffiness of the pancakes 

Next up, chicken and waffles. The chicken is battered and fried, it comes with a nice sweet sauce to offset the savory ness of the fried chicken.  The waffles can be topped with sweet syrup and savory melty butter. The perfect sweet and savory start to my day. 

The servers here are super nice and seem excited to be at work. A rarity. 

The wait can be a bit long on Friday and weekend mornings but it is always worth the wait
Stopped by for a quick bite to eat looking to just savor my hunger, but boy I was taken back. I ordered the chicken wrap with fries and what seemed to be a quick easy meal to go, turned into quite the adventure!! 

To my surprise, the fries and wrap were absolutely PHENOMENAL. Fries, perfect crisp and moist inside. Huge helping of fries, which tells me this place does not hold back on portions. This stays true for my wrap. This wrap was beautifully rolled and literally stuffed with lettuce, chicken, and AVOCADO. SO MUCH AVOCADOOOOO

I'm a huge huge fan of avocado (who isn't), and I've never seen such a place that gives you practically the whole fruit. (is avocado a fruit? TBD) Other places charge you extra and give you a ridiculous small amount, like maybe a few slices. This place plops chunks and chunks and wraps it nicely with chicken, lettuce and veggies, it's mouthwatering. For the price, it was quite worth it and how convenient it's near a college campus to cater to our very small wallets but big appetites :) 

5 STARS, I LOVE THIS PLACE
Today I went to champs and was not satisfied at all I ordered my husband a platter with grits two eggs and sausage and toast I also ordered myself a sausage egg cheese on rye bread when I got home to give him his platter because he just came home from the hospital. He had one egg two sausage patties and a whole bunch of grits.  when I  opened my sandwich I have one egg little of cheese on rye bread what you pay for a sandwich it should've came with two sausage. So I went back to get my money back or something else the guy that was at the counter said okay let me see what I can do then the manager which was the a guy with a basketball outfit came over and said that he was the Manager. And he absolutely did nothing about the problem. Then he said the lady that was ringing up everyone telling everyone what to do was the store owner and she was absolutely no help also.  They wouldn't give me my money they wouldn't even change the item beware if you go to champs. I'll never ever go back and it is a nice location but overcrowded ok prices. And what's sad about this all is I used to come here and enjoy the pancakes with the wet walnuts strawberries and powdered sugar. But when I asked about the item the young Man at the counter told me that oh we don't sell that any longer we just had chocolate chips and other toppings. I said no thank you. If he would have told me that the sandwich came with one patty for the price ???? that I paid I wouldn't have ordered two sausage patty. Or I would've ordered a platter the manager is very RUDE I was trying to explain myself to her oh no we cannot do that give you any thing back or change it. Because it was your fault not Ours how was it my fault when I didn't know that one sauage came on the sandwich. It doesn't say that on the board. I just said can I have a turkey sausage with cheese eggs on rye toast. I don't count sausage when I'm at a restaurant they automatically give you two sausage on the sandwich. Please ask questions before you order. Never again will I come to champs. Just check your food before leaving. I was standing there waiting for my food and they was messed up some of the customers food and they had to replace it. They don't have any policy hanging in the Restaurant that states  you couldn't get your money back. I didn't want a refund. All they should've just explain it when I came back but they didn't all of them was rude. All they should I did was make the situation real easy and smooth but they didn't. They get enough business in this restaurant that one little sausage will not hurt them. Oh I forgot they didn't even answer the phone I called from the time I found out about my sandwich until I came back to the restaurant and it was still ringing when I was in the store the phone was ringing off the hook. They pick it up and hang it up so that's not good business either they lost a lot of customers. It's convenient for the Temple Student and the Community. I don't care how much it was it just the principle and the Manager didn't care. All they was concerned about was the next order. I can't help that the Manager was overworked. Your customers is all ways first. I take pictures of everything that I eat and  show them off. But the Manager/BusBoy/ Waiter he was so ignorant and rude he didn't take care of nothing he had to ask the Store Owener before he do anything. I also showed them all the pictures they didn't do nothing. I can't go back to Champs and it doesn't matter what the cause was. I just ask a question and everyone there was very rude from the store one owner and down and ignoring me I was just standing in the middle of the floor by the counter like a statue.
Just strolled in this afternoon and was impressed the minute I walked in! Very clean and fun atmosphere. It was packed and we were afraid we weren't going to be seated anytime soon but Luke came to the rescue! He got a table cleared out for us and we were seated right away. Kelly was very patient as we made our decision (everything sounded great and the prices were even better!!). I got the 2 eggs, breakfast meat, and 3 pancakes +bananas on top for 8 bucks. Food came out very quickly and was exactly what I expected and more. So happy I found this place! Thanks Kelly and Luke for a great first experience! Will be back soon.
My boyfriend and I love coming here! Our go-to place when we are craving brunch and it's so conveniently close to campus. The proportions are perfect, just the right amount that I can finish while feeling full. Can't go wrong with the breakfast platters but if you want something different, highly recommend the chicken and waffles! My boyfriend and I loved it so much we were craving it later in the day. The ambience is very comfortable and the service is great.
This Restaurant gets a5 star from me. They was short staffed but everyone was serve in quality time. The food was excellent like the website. I ordered the pancakes with powdered sugar and whip cream, strawberries and walnuts and it was to die for. My husband had salmon steak fried home fries with green peppers and onions oh and I also had turkey links with scrambled eggs. The service was great the guy kept apologizing I'm sorry I don't remember his name but they made you feel like you was in your in his house talking and eating with friends. Everything came out fresh. And when I was looking at the menu I told my Husband let's look the Restaurant up on the website and then I saw those pancakes. Didn't know if I would like them. So said I have to try them. This was our first time going at this restaurant and we will definitely definitely will be back.. Keep up the good work and I hope CHAMPS stay around for a long time!!!!
I pride myself on being a brunch connoisseur, but I marvel how long it took me to find this place. I've tried most of the top brunch places in Center City area but had never come across Champ's. I give all the credit to my fiancé for tipping me off. It was well worth the Uber up Broad street to Temple campus area. We originally tried hitting this place up on a Saturday at prime brunch time which was a big mistake. We saw lines out the door and quickly turned around. The next time we strategized and made it in on a weekday morning for brunch and were rewarded with much better luck and seated right away.

We ordered 2 of the most popular brunch items: the chicken and waffle, and red velvet pancakes. Just the memory of those 2 dishes is enough to make me salivate. The chicken didn't come as the usual fried chicken wings I'm used to, but was more of a chicken katsu/chicken fried chicken which I absolutely loved. It came with a sweet and sour dipping sauce on the side which was perfectly complementary. The red velvet pancakes were probably some of the best pancakes I've ever had, perfect consistency with lightness and fluffiness and packed with flavor. Best of all, the prices were totally affordable!

I'm already planning my next excursion to Champ's! Temple students are lucky to have such an amazing brunch option nearby.
First, I have to say the service is AMAZING! Zommy and Abby took exceptional care of us!

The food was also rather amazing! We tried everything from sweet to savory and loved it all! The portions were huge.

The ingredients used in Mexi and Cali omelets tasted fresh and delicious. The triple berry French toast was as yummy as it was beautiful! The chicken wrap was so good; particularly the crispy & juicy chicken and the fries were crispy! 

I created my own meal with chipped beef over a waffle and fried eggs over cheesy grits. Though it was expensive to do so, it was well worth it!
Philadelphia is a great place for food and nightlife. There's a lot of things I miss about living in this unique and adventurous city, but there is nothing I miss more than going to champs diner for breakfast. This is a small and very cute diner located by Cecil B. Moore and Broad Street, right in the midst of Temple University. It's open until about 3pm every day. On the outside it looks like nothing special, but inside lies a homey atmosphere and great food. The wait was about 15-20 minutes on Sunday around brunch time, which is not too shabby for brunch in the city. I like this place because there's a dedicated place to sit and wait, and a lot of places in the city don't have that option. I ordered my western omelette (ham,peppers, onions, and tomatoes), and it comes with home fries with peppers and onions, and wheat toast with butter and jam. I also ordered the homemade pink lemonade. I absolutely loved everything. The food was delicious and everything I have dreamed about since moving away from the city. My boyfriend got the chicken and waffles, which is one of our favorites. The chicken is breaded beautifully and has a nice crunchy texture. The sauce that it comes with has a little kick to it and is too good! The waffle was soft and fluffy. You have the option of having whipped cream, strawberries, or other toppings on the waffle, but we chose to get it plain with powdered sugar. Overall,  I highly recommend this place for a quick bite. Try their specials, they are out of this world!
Our office order from here when we want breakfast type of food for lunch! They have yet to disappoint us :)
They're very friendly & fast!
Even though they're always busy, our phone order is always ready in 20 mins which is a huge plus!

Food is delicious. Have you ever had chicken waffle benedict? Me neither! UNTIL HERE. Sooo good!! Must eat fresh tho. Obviously the hollandaise sauce will make the waffle soggy overtime. I also enjoy their plain chicken and waffle. The doctors at our office seems to enjoy the dankwiches a lot. Filling, tasty, easy to eat.

Customer service is 5/5. They always help me carry everything to my car parked outside. I'm a little girl picking up food for 8 people lol.

I'd recommend this joint to everyone!
I placed a take out order around 2:30pm and the place was still busy this late in the day. Waited for about 20 minutes for the veggie omelet platter. The platter came with home fries and toast. I thought I was the only person to use Martin's  Potatoe wheat bread, coincidentally Champ's does too, yay! In the end, my stomach was full, I was happy with the taste, and I would come back. Only thing I would say is that the wait time was a bit long for take out.
Cute little diner near Temple. Simple, tasty breakfast food in a chill atmosphere, perfect for grabbing a late breakfast after a night of drinking - especially when you don't feel like going to a busy and overpriced brunch place farther south.

I got the western omelette with cheese and a side of pork roll. It came with hash browns and toast, so it was a lot of food for around ten bucks! It was all delicious, but the pork roll wasn't as good as you can get in a diner in Jersey.

All in all, it was a good meal. Come here when you want a no-frills diner experience with big portions and reasonable prices.
This place has me feeling indifferent. I only come here when I can't afford Green Eggs Cafe and am feeling fancier than Owl Breakfast. Food's good, just really dislike the layout of this place. It's cramped, not the best to hold a conversation with people because you're awkwardly seated RIGHT beside strangers. I especially enjoy being seated right near the door and having people who are waiting continuously bump into me. It's packed, only because there are literally two places at Temple to get diner-esque food. If you can, support this local business but get food to go because sitting here is just miserable. Change the layout PLEASE. 

Food wise, I recommend the chicken and waffle, cream chip beef, any french toast, and always get home fries!
Amazing food and amazing service. The waiter we got was on top of of everything and gave us refills before we needed them. He was working the whole restaurant and still was able to give us exceptional service. 

Place is a small little diner right on the corner and has every kind of breakfast food that you can imagine. I highly recommend going if you go to temple or are in the area.
Very cute place, busy at times but what can you expect from a cheap place that has amazing food? The chicken and waffles are to die for. The waffle was average and fluffy (still very good) and the texture was of a great contrast to the somewhat spicy but beautifully seasoned crunchy fried chicken breasts. My boyfriend recently came to visit me and it was his first time in Philadelphia. He loved it! It was a bit loud but it was a Friday morning. Food doesn't take too long, portions are generous, and there are lots of options. I would definitely recommend this place. There's also a $15 minimum on cards, so keep that in mind if you go (there's an ATM there)!

Edit: Sorry, champs does not accept cards anymore :(. The ATM is still there though!
Easily best breakfast/lunch spot on temples campus. Food is amazing and service is super friendly. Only problem is I'm always stuck on what to eat because everything looks mouth watering & as a poor college kid I have to pick wisely. Yet, the price is super affordable and the portions very generous. First choice I made was the Oreo pancakes which was easily heaven in my mouth. Until I tried the eggs Benedict, and I can't even write in words how perfectly the eggs were poached or the sauce abundant. Hands down this chef knows how to cook, definitely Chopped champion material.
I've gotten the best food service of my life by Luke, one of the waiters here. He is always attentive and exceptionally kind to all his customers! Also the food here is amazing and so cheap!! The seating is limited so try to get there early or you might have to wait a bit! Either way, the food and service make up for the wait! 10/10 would recommend. (Also I've been there about 78 times this last semester so I can vouch for consistency- these guys rock)
First impression of the place was "wow this place is very clean". It sounds like not much but i have walked into so many restaurants around the area where I could here my shoe sticking to the floor... 
Second was the staff, and they were actually smiling at you. Again, I walked into many restaurants where staff couldn't wait till they get the heck out of there and it was only lunch.
And finally, when food came out, I thought they were actually very good. I had to order takeout so I could take it to my wife. 
Establishment was extremely busy but it seemed like everything was running very smoothly.
I think 5 stars will be adequate for this diner~
Great breakfast spot. I had to give it a 5 star because I see they are improving the area so we can have more restaurants
It's always an amazing feeling to be greeted with a genuine smile.  Stopped in while i was in the neighborhood, there are so many breakfast spots in this vicinity but I'm so glad i chose Champs. 

Already knew what i wanted,  but it's hard to find well cooked grits in Philly, period, so i was a bit hesitant. Champs did not disappoint. Grits were on point! Turkey sausage omelet.. on point! Half and half (sweet tea/lemonade) ,perfect amount of sugar and ice. 

Total came to $12
Probably one of my favorite places to eat on Temple's campus! I love brunch there but it can get crowded and there might be a bit of a wait. The wait is worth it though! I usually always get the chicken and waffles but the chicken sandwich is also really good. 
My friends usually get other things like omelets or benedicts which also look really good! Never hear a complaint from them either.
Excellent food, large portions! Very positive and upbeat vibe! Highly recommend this place!
Honestly one of the best breakfast places I've been too. The hospitality is unsurpassed along with their chicken and waffles. This place IS philly, from the decor to the cruising to the hospitality, the area it's in and the locals that frequent it. Don't come here expecting to be pretentious about your breakfast cause they know wazzgood for yah. Just as the best bistros and cafes are to France , Champs diner is to Philadelphia
Quality food at affordable prices. The waitresses are all very friendly and they provide great service. Try the Oreo pancake, if you're a sweet craver. Or get the western omelette if you like savory.
If you're hungry and want large portions this is the place to go. Stopped by here yesterday to eat breakfast. The staff is so nice and helpful and the environment is great. It's small and quaint but the quality is out of this world. I will be recommending this to other people who I know live in Philly! Overall very impressed
Accidental AMAZING find. The server is hilariously down to earth and the food is awesome. All together we had the chicken and waffles (best I've tried in forever) Oreo waffles, triple berry French toast and the Mex Benedict, scrapple, and home fries. It was all so delicious. But the server hands down made it even more delicious and took a picture with us
tldr; don't come here - angry waitress and mediocre food 

There were so many things that were wrong about this "establishment." Where do I even begin?

The only thing worse than the food was the waitress' attitude. I ordered red velvet pancakes without whipped cream, but when my order came, it was spilling over with whipped cream. When I politely pointed out that I had ordered my pancakes without whipped cream, the waitress abruptly retorted, "No, you said no icing." When I looked at her in confusion because I didn't even know that the pancakes came with icing, she grabbed the plate from me and angrily said, "Fine, I'll scrape it off." Every single one of my friends told me that they had heard me say "no whipped cream." 

When the waitress came back, she slammed(!!!) a plate of soggy pancakes on the table. She had completely scraped off not only the whipped cream but also the powdered sugar and most of the strawberries. When I asked her if I could have icing (as they call it here) on the side, she said, "you mean custard?" Gaslighting much? A different and very lovely waiter heard and brought it over for us. For the remainder of our meal, the waitress never came back to our table! She didn't even come to give us the check. We had to flag her down, and then another waitress brought our check. 

The waiter who brought the icing/custard came at the end of our brunch to apologize for the other waitress' behavior. However, the original waitress never came back to make amends for her behavior. My dog who failed obedience school has better manners than that waitress. 

Now onto the food - the pancakes were overly saturated with syrup and falling apart by the time they finally got back to me. One bite was enough to give me diabetes. I couldn't even finish them, and red velvet pancakes are my favorite. 

The worst part is that my friends are the kindest human beings on the planet. We still tipped 18%, which is a step down from our usual 20%. A huge thank you to the waiter who took over our table.
There was excellent service although our waitress seemed a bit timid but along came another employee who filled us with laughter and a conversation. I ordered chicken and waffles and it was amazing. The chicken and waffles were very crispy and warm. The sauce that comes along with it tasted great. The check was cheaper than what we expected and the food was completely inexpensive. Hopefully they have poutine the next time I come.
best breakfast in temple! homemade chicken noodle soup. made to order. fresh and hot and delicious! go now!
Came here after a long night and it defiantly hit the spot! staff is super friendly and the interior is pretty cool to view as well. 

Food was amazing and the price was more than reasonable for the jumbo portions. I couldn't have spent $12 any other way to fill myself with so much breakfast food anywhere else on campus. 

Would definitely come back and would recommend people to come by and try it out!
This is our go-to spot because we live not too far. We love the breakfast! It's always fresh and delicious. My husband always gets the fish & grits & I'll get almost anything off the menu! You will not be disappointed with the food. My ONLY gripe is that on the weekends, it's packed with college students...so instead of being able to eat-in, we usually opt to carry out. But other than that...we love it! The staff is very nice and the owners (the wife especially) are typically smiling!

I would only want it to be bigger, but stay at the location! LOL
I love this place! I always come here for breakfast and never had I got disappointed.
If you're ever near Temple University, you have to visit here for breakfast or brunch. In fact, if you're in Philly it would be worth a SEPTA ride. Friendly, fast service. Delicious food. Nice, clean atmosphere. I had the chicken and waffles (excellent!) and the chorizo Benedict (amazing hollandaise - one of the best!). I'd definitely go back. 

They'll take plastic if you spend $15 or more - otherwise, cash only (ATM inside).
*The card minimum has lowered to $5!* All other reviews of unfavorable minimums are now irrelevant!

I'm a big fan of this place. Yes, it's small, but it's cute. If it's size is bothering you then go to IHOP or something 

The chicken and waffles taste too good, the veggie omelette with home fries (w onions and green peppers) is a great combo, and two eggs+cheese+breakfast meat on a croissant is a nice cheaper, quick alternative for eating on the go. The iced coffee is better than Dunkin' for sure and its price is comparable.

The staff here is friendly and the owner is especially great!

I'm all about Champs. Check it out! Definitely worth it.
Visiting from out of town and looking for a quick breakfast spot led me to Champ's. They deliver too, which is a big selling point when you don't know your way around. Everything I ordered was delicious and cooked to perfection. Definitely recommended if you're in Templetown!
A+ Service. Stumbled into the place while visiting family for vacation and all i can say is the Food is great! The waiters are always on top of their game!! Oh.....and try the Reuben!!!
I love champs!! Great atmosphere and great servers! There is always a wait. Sometimes the service is slow, but the food makes up for it. Amazing brunch spot, and not too pricey.
I am only speaking on the food and the service which is good. This is my go to breakfast spot when I can't decide on where to go. The couple that works here are always very courteous, and the food is breakfast goodness. 

I recommend the Western Omelet with home fries, which comes with buttered toast on the side. They can makes any type of breakfast you want. This is a staple Temple University breakfast spot, and recommended if you want breakfast food done right.
We have only been here once but it was a great experience. Server was very responsive and enthusiastic. food was great especially the berry french toast and the sausage links!!
Pretty decent food and great atmosphere.  I wouldn't exactly call this place a Diner based on the prices however they are quite expensive, but you do get huge servings (if you are one of those portion control avoid this place at all cost lol!!) I enjoyed the triple berry French toast! Amazing!
This once cute and old-timey corner breakfast & lunch bar turned dingy de facto take-out has been getting a much needed renovation.  A fresh coat of paint and some remodeling draws the sun inside, accentuating the stamped tile ceiling, brightening the dining area under windows looking out onto the laid-back stretch of Cecil & 16th.  

Champs, and "Champ" is also the name of the adorably always irritable gentleman behind the counter, always had a steady inflow / outflow of customers. And the crowds still mosey on in to order some of the cheapest, biggest, and tastiest breakfast sandwiches off-Temple's campus.  Only now they're not ordering and jetting, they're ordering and dining in.  The up-tick in business doesn't seem to have noticeably uplifted the frowning mood of Champ, but I have seen more smiles from his wife, who rules the kitchen.  This crowd is not the "Owls sweatshirt" and pajama pants Templetown crowd, but a neighborhood crowd of school kids, construction workers, Section 8-partakers and old cats.

Most cats lining the bar meow about the S.O.S., which (your choice) comes over toast, tucked in an omelet, packaged in a Styrofoam container, or heaped into an Italian roll.  Cream-chipped beef hoagies sound pretty far-out, but I prefer the comfort zone of egg-meat-cheese on wheat toast.  These big breakfast bad boys will knock you out.  The bread is buttered, any meat is substantial, the cheese is gooey and creamy, and, the best part, the lightly peppered egg wraps around and encases the meat and cheese - like a mini-omelet sandwich.  And it's insanely cheap - probably the best bang for your buck on a breakfast sandwich from Templeville, and a Templeville breakfast sandwich you actually look forward biting into.  

But all the above may be beside the point. For, the home fries are good, don't get me wrong, I recommend 'em wit'.  But, you can substitute French fries for the home fries, for the same price! French fries and eggs for breakfast, yay!
Breakfast at Champs diner this morning was delicious. I recommend this place for a great breakfast. Clean and fast. I have ate here several times and service is always the same.
Food 4star 
Service 5star 
Excellent menu .small place but it's good 
Thank you it was pretty good brunch. 
Overall 5star.
My first experience was great. My second and last time wasnt. Firstly I waited 15mins to even be served, I decided to go with indivual sides so I wouldnt have to worry about paying over $10 for a simple breakfast. I ordered scapple $2.50, hot chocolate $2, and French toast $5.25.  So how did my bill get all the way up to $11? Of course I said something and they changed the bill but...my question is, how many people have they knowingly done this to? I will never eat from champs again!!!
Our server was Luke, and he was phenomenal! His service was great and he had an amazing sense of humor. Was very quick to refill our drinks too! I will definitely be back soon.
Best diner I had in 3 years(?!) Thanks for the exquisite food and service! The food made me wanna dance! Lol
A place that would cheer up your day!
I've eaten here a million times, and they never disappoint. The wait staff are so friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere is great. They closed this place down and revamped it a couple years back and it is so cute inside now. I always get the same thing, the avocado and cheese omelette and it is incredible. I dream about that omelette regularly. I love the location of this place, and it's pretty affordable. Only downside is the minimum for cards is $10 and usually my breakfast is under that, but then I just order more for leftovers. Love this place.
I used to frequent here with my roommates till one day our take out order bacon egg and cheese came with a moldy purple and green bagel. I haven't  been back since and would definitely recommend inspecting your food before taking a bite.
Had the super delish Dankwich with porkroll. Loved it. And our waiter "Brother James" was delightful! 
Made this Lancaster County outsider feel at home!
Great little diner with an awesome staff. Everyone stopped by to make sure we were ok and had refills. The place was packed but they were really on top of it. Food is very cheap and large sizes. I'll definitely be back again!
great atmosphere, cheap priced food was actually surprised by the portion you get. and the presentation of the food is great too! i will be returning. great hangover spot.
I ordered: 
Egg Benedict
Tipple Berry
Crispy Chicken Wrap

Large portion per each dish for me. 

The atmosphere in this place is crowded. Many people come here a lot.. especially in the morning.

The staffs and managers are always friendly to their customers when ordering.

I absolutely loved it. It's always worth it to go this place. Great portion with affordable price :))
Visiting Temple University with my family and we came across this cool breakfast dinner. It's conveniently located in down town Philly with lots of parking meters near by. I was impressed with their outstanding customer service. Seemed like everyone were trained to be super friendly. I was alone with three kids so they went out of their way to make us feel very comfortable. Food was the bomb! It came to our table very fast and the quality was good. We were happy with our experience here. I will definitely come back again.
Extremely popular brunch/breakfast spot for temple students. Service is great and the food is pretty good as well. There is usually a decent wait on the weekends
Great service, fun staff, neighborhood friendly environment, good food and good prices. Just an all around authentic place where you feel welcome and comfortable. 

Only drawbacks is it's small so it can be packed and long waits. But it's worth it. Better than the other breakfast/brunch options close by.
Third time ordering here and third time getting my order wrong. Had to come back to get the missing parts of my orders and they have done nothing for the inconveniences after driving all the way home and back. Very disappointed.
Having a weekend in Philly and was looking for spots near Temple.  This place was a perfect local breakfast experience.  Food was good, great mix of people.  The staff was amazing, friendly and just really positive.  Would definitely go back.
Dining in at champs is always a pleasure! You are cheerfully greeted by the staff as soon as you enter, every single time. Sometimes the wait times are a bit lengthy because it's so packed and popular, but they're really swift with the turnover time. The food is always made fresh and tastes great and the dish sizes will definitely fill you up! The chicken and waffles are a hit as well as the triple berry waffles. Another favorite of mine is the fish and grits. Made to a savory perfection every time! Great neighborhood diner and very diverse. College students, residents of the community and even visitors dine here. By the way shout out to my favorite server, Abi she's the best!!
Keep in mind, I'm not comparing Champs to a typical four star restaurant - it's four stars for what it is! That said, this hole in the wall breakfast joint is quick has been a staple for my temple college experience. Huge omelets, steaming home fries (get them with onions!), buttered toast with jam, and plenty of hot sauce and ketchup! The couple behind this place is an adorable duo: the husband mans the front of the house, the wife IS the entire kitchen. Come here for great, cheap breakfast food and you won't be disappointed.
The food is delicious, the employees are very friendly and fast. would definitely recommend this diner to everyone! The French Toast is the best I ever had!
This is the go to spot to get breakfast from.  They do have more than just breakfast items.  They're really nice and attentive making sure the customer is happy.  It's nice to know whatever I ordered it will be good.
This was the spot 10 years ago! I randomly pass through the old stomping ground and to my delight, good ole Champs! Whelp, not so good though. I was a bit skeptical as to the quality of the food since it's obvious despite the appearance upgrade, the ownership is cheap and use low quality products. That was okay when picking up a $5 to go platter so needless to say I was blinded. 
Ordered lox Benedict, with grits. Epic fail! 
I would definitely stick to the basics!  The poached egg was raw, small and just terrible! The English muffin wasn't even toasted! There was hardly no lox as the egg was placed in the middle of the english muffin and no lox underneath. The meal should have been $7.50 max not $13.50.
Nice neighborhood spot on Temple's campus. We went for breakfast and it's a pretty traditional menu. I had pancakes, pork sausage, and scrambled eggs. The portion was enough but not too much. Im pretty picky about pancakes and sausage and both were perfect in my opinion. The coffee was also good. Not gourmet but pretty good. Theres nothing worst than a breakfast joint with bad coffee. My boyfriend had an omelet and home fries. His platter was huge! We took half home for a whole other meal. They come to your table with a square device to run your credit card which is pretty cool. The servers were very friendly and accommodating. There is meter parking on Cecil B. Moore thats free on weekends. Side streets you typically have to pay Saturdays too. 

Overall it was a great experience. I will definitely be returning.
Very happy with our order from Champ's today! The chicken & waffles is always a classic, the chicken was perfectly juicy and tender and the sweet sriracha sauce that comes with it is straight fire!!! The blueberry pancakes were huge & fluffy. Portions are huge and make for great leftovers!
This is my go to breakfast spot!!! I'm never disappointed with the food here. But when I get delivery some how I'm always missing my coffee and I LOVE their coffee. Idk what it is about it but I love it. If I had to pick my favorite thing here it would be the shrimp and grits
I've been here numerous times since moving back to North Philly.. there's always a line but it moves quickly and well worth the wait! The food is delicious and the customer service is fantastic!!
