One of my favorite cafes in Philly.

A rockstar (he sure looked like one) suggested I get their caramel latte. Glad I listened: It wasn't cloyingly sweet, and went perfectly with my Flying Monkey oatmeal raisin sandwich cookies.

Plenty of seating meant less headaches for our group, and the chairs themselves had a bit of bounce (in a good way). The decor is up there, for sure. And there are board games.

Coffee and cookies probably weren't the wisest dinner choices ever, but who's keeping score?
This coffee tastes like campside marshmallows in the Redwood Forest. I love it.
**Disclaimer** - This review update has nothing to do with blogs that I could care little about, How I feel about credit minimums (no sir I don't like them), or how a certain worker composed himself on a certain fustercluck of a talk thread that I'd rather not look back on (And for the record he definitely could of composed himself a WHOLE HELL of a lot better).

You see this update is about everything that I look for personally when I look for a good coffeehouse. When I look for a good coffeehouse I search a good vibe and atmosphere that perfect for getting some work done, an impressive variety of drink offerings, delicious food offerings, board games to play and house books to read, and a variety of fantastic art on the wall (and there's always bonus points for a cute house dog). And when I came back to Chapterhouse for Book Club I got to revisit how much of these things it has to offer, and that's exactly why I enjoy it thoroughly (too bad the dog wasn't there!).

And for what it's worth, while I'll agree in a heartbeat that Christopher needs to step away from things like talk threads so that Shannon can be the voice of mediation when a situation arises (just saying since she definitely does the better job of it), I will stand by the fact that I have had good service from him in the past. He goes the extra mile by making sure that your not allergic to any ingredient in the more involved drinks, and goes the extra mile with his preparation. And while he might of seemed a little more distant every time he heard the mention of Yelp (not to say I don't particularly blame him given the fustercluck that I'd rather not talk about) during the Book Club, he didn't miss a beat. And it is things like that that I appreciate.
i always thought this place was a little pretentious, but sometimes that's okay. the unspoken "no talking rule" enforced by the laptop kids was always obnoxious, but the drinks and staff made up for it.

until one afternoon, i saw a customer getting reamed by a person who seemed to be an owner or manager behind the counter.

the argument seemed to be about Chapterhouse's minimum for credit cards -- which is, by the way, illegal. the owner/manager guy even acknowledged this, but acted like the customer was deserving of punishment for even asking!

it seemed like the customer gave up and went to sit down when the owner guy mumbled something else, wouldn't let it go and in my opinion was looking for a fight.

the climax? at one point this owner guy actually said: "it's my business. i can do whatever the f i want." the customer left at this point and the owner guy kept mumbling and banging things.

no, actually, you can't do whatever you want. there are plenty of laws for businesses, intended to protect patrons and keep the peace. the dogs in Chapterhouse? also not cool and totally illegal and a health code violation. also some people are just plain uncomfortable with dogs; talk about tunnel vision.

not going there ever again. that was ugly to see.
Big fan of my neighborhood coffee shop. Aside from the make-yourself-at-home ambiance, CH's coffee is bar none. 

There are 2 drinks I regularly get - the Black and Tan (chocolate & peanut butter mixed into coffee) and the Summer Soda (club soda mixed with raspberry and I think blackberry flavors...sooo refreshing).

They always welcome my dog and the music's great. There's just a lot of good energy in here, people.
I think the time has come to review my second favorite place in all of Philadelphia.  Not that I want to encourage it being any more crowded, but the second I discovered Chapterhouse, I fell in love with this city all over again.

Since I moved to the city last year, I've made a mission of trying out almost every cafe in the city (still working down the list, but I've made good progress).  Yet Chapterhouse has fallen into the default category..... when I want to do some work on my laptop, write in my journal, catch up with a friend..... it's equitable to my home as far as comfort is concerned.  I've found the other patrons to be considerate but mostly in their own worlds; exactly the space I'm in when I set up shop in a cafe.

The servers are really nice (some nicer than others, but that's fine) and everything I've gotten here has been so good:  the vegetarian sandwiches are both great (try the vegan wrap!), the smoothies are delish (apple chai!), and I've had most of their teas hot and iced.  They also play great great music.

Despite the crowd (and occasional difficulty finding a seat), I generally feel a sense of relief when I walk in.  I think the communal aspect and variety of seating options really makes it feel like you're invited into someone's home.  I appreciate that.
my first visit to chapterhouse was for the unofficial yelp book club meeting last week. it will certainly not be my last!

this is a great little spot whether you are looking for a quiet place to work on your laptop, read a book or simply sip a tasty beverage or snack on a delicious baked treat while admiring the unique artwork. it is also a good spot for groups, like ours, who likely made a lot more noise than most other patrons - sorry! the set-up is great as it is a large space with a few different sections, so i got the feeling noise didn't carry all that bad (or so i hoped!) if we didn't have our book to discuss, a group could pick up one of a number of board games on hand, along with a selection of books.

i had read good things online about the nutella latte (nutella as a beverage? yes, please!), so i ordered one iced, and it did not disappoint. in fact, writing about it...i am craving one right now and wishing i didn't live in the burbs. they were out of yogurt - wah - so after deliberating for quite some time, i finally settled on a coffee cake, which i believe came from flying monkey patisserie? well, wherever it came from, it was heavenly - makes me kinda glad they were out of yogurt! 

in light of the recent thread chatter, it is worth noting that the barista was quite patient with me while i waffled on my food order. prices were reasonable, and my bill was under $10 so i politely paid with cash :)
I tried a few more drinks so it's losing a star for price and not knowing how to blend drinks. While their coffee is good, their blended coffee drinks needs a new formulation because it comes out way too watery. I ended up just asking them to add more ice into my cup because it started getting warm too quickly.
Since it's opening 8 years ago, Chapterhouse Cafe has been a coffee shop lover's dream comes true here in Philly. Shannon, the owner, seems to have created a place that embodies core values such as tranquility, creativity, and humility. She specifically hires employees who also stand for these beliefs. It is quite evident if you come here just once.

From tasty caffeinated beverages such as the Cafe' Americano with a shot of expresso to the ridiculous amount of available space (3 rooms) here to do work or study, the Chapterhouse has become my favorite coffee shop in the city. 

Free Wifi. Great drink selection, and some food as well. CC & G sets the standard of what hip cafes are all about.
This is my Chapterhouse rewrite. I had the last one written in the wrong spot, plus I feel like a bunch of Yelpers that I have gone here with have helped me grow to appreciate it a lot more (it was five stars last time can I give it one more?).

Every time I'm here I'm always treated to exceptional service. they really make sure that the drink is exactly the way that you enjoy it. and they double check to make sure that you don't have any food allergies before making stuff. And this might just be the best coffeehouse to go to if you don't drink coffee. soda blended with fresh tea and apples, smoothies fully loaded with bee pollen and Vitamin C. they have it all!

And this spot is also a cool gallery. whether it's on canvas, matchbooks, or other, the art is always fun to look at. but Chapterhouse is definitely the best to lounge around. feel free to pick up one of their good Stephen Hawkings books that they have on the rack. Or you could always bring a friend and challenge them to a round of 80's Trivial Pursuit. Of course you could always be boring and bring your laptop so you can catch up on some work. It's good for that too.
Wow, what a find! Chapterhouse just might take the cake for one of the best coffeehouses in the city. The drinks are great (besides the requisite caffeine there are also teas and smoothies - yum) and the food looked good even though I was there at the end of the day. 

But the space was incredible. There were plenty of tables and comfy chairs, and it was light, bright and spacious. The music was good (I remember hearing a Strokes song as I was leaving) and the art they had up was terrific. 

Free wi-fi makes Chapterhouse a great find - I think it's worth the drive wherever you're coming from (we had our Yelpers Caffeine-in here and it was agreed-a good time was had by all). I'll go back there to get some work done soon for sure.
This coffee place is pretty cool. Even though it is pretty small and usually crowded on weekends, it's still nice to just stop by and grab a cup of coffee or two. We tried their hot and cold coffee, they're all great. I remember their Mint Mocha being pretty good and soothing. Even if you order the flavored coffee, you can still taste the real/boldness of the coffee, which's nice especially for the coffee lovers. The workers're extremely nice. They take their time making the coffee for you. The result: work of art presentation and flavor-wise.

Price-wise, it's not bad at all. The portion's pretty big and it's definitely not expensive for a good cup of coffee. However, if you want to socialize, I don't think this would be an appropriate place. There're always so many students studying and they probably won't enough chairs for you and your friends. Regardless, if you love coffee, you should definitely stop by. They serve great coffee!!!
I spent quite a few hours a week at Chapterhouse during my didactic year. I found it to be a great place to study as the music they play is always awesome but never obnoxiously loud. The patrons keep their conversations fairly hushed but in no way does it have the feel of a library since you can eat and drink coffee to your hearts content.

The coffee is excellent and refills for to-stay mugs are only $0.50. The tea selection is fantastic. As for food, I've had a few different things there but my favorite is always a sundried tomato bagel toasted with hummus.

On occasion I would have trouble scoring a table but with non-intrusive lurking I could usually stalk out a table within 10 minutes.

Now that I'm out in rotations I don't find myself getting to the Chapterhouse as often as I used to but maybe one day I can go there and NOT have to study and just read a regular book so I can detach my association of exam cramming with this lovely spot! I look forward to that day...
I wrote a negative review a few years ago based on the libertarian literature they had for sale here, and learned the hard way that the owner is the overbearing type who will get your review censored for political content (god forbid a patron have an opinion... on a review site!), and follow it up with an aggressive personal note. I wonder how often he does that, since there seem to be no references to the Ron Paul revolution in the current reviews. Then again, maybe Philly hipsters like Ron Paul. 

In any case, this review is emphatically NOT based on my feelings about the Chapterhouse's proud libertarianism. If you want to advocate an antebellum states' rights federalism, that is totally your prerogative. 

Instead, it's the customer service that is lacking. Haranguing private messages to your clientele are a tad bit uncouth, but the sullenness and near-hostility I've encountered from the baristas on both of my return visits have driven home to me that this is just not a very friendly and inviting place. Which is a shame, because the coffee is okay, the music is pretty solid, and the seats are surprisingly comfortable. Guess you just can't have everything.
My first visit to Chapterhouse was during my training, and it took me over a year to return. I have no idea why. Friendly baristas, ample seating and a great vibe make this place a killer coffee shop. 

There's a ten dollar credit card minimum which is fine when you're in charge of buying everyone's drink. And if you call ahead, you can reserve the room with the big table downstairs. This is an excellent spot for a group get-together!
I do like the location. 
I do like the vibe.
I do like the coffee.
But sometimes...
I get the wrong jive.

(insert finger snapping as I take a bow and beret falls off)

There's nothing wrong with a hip happening coffeehouse especially with a good soundtrack, good intellectuals, a good book or newspaper, and good art to look at. (Not blotches of paint with PBR cans and cigarette butts on a canvas and words etched "my generation is dead".) 

But the owner can rub people off the wrong way, especially if you go into the Starbucks down the st., which has not really effected their business. Starbucks will always cater to people who already love that kind of corporate formula. 

Anyway for the most part I enjoy this place and I came many times with friends to enjoy a cup and exchange pieces of minds. I love the "it's like I'm in someones home/ interior" and I feel like I should ask someone if it's OK I'm even here. Will the owner pop up and go "Who the fuck are you?! Why are you in my house man!?" Just kidding. But especially in the back it's homey. Complete with sketchbooks to add doodles in, old mags, vintage and updated Ikea-style furniture. Not bad. 

Though my only complaint and why they get three stars is well...

An employee was kind of taken back of me. I stood politely around 3pm about a year from now waiting to get a bagel. The barista was busy stocking cups and refilling syrup bottles. I know what it's like and allowed him to continue his chores till finally after five minutes he turned around and whipped out "What?!". I said "Um... A bagel with cream cheese." He sighed and pointed to an empty basket. I nodded and he said, "What else?". I just smiled, waved and walked out. He might had mumbled something as I left but I made it clear that he failed to do a simple task. A task I know can be hard to do at all times but it's something we are paid with the job of food service to do. I know we all have it tough but handing out negative energy is like a leech and it attaches itself very tightly to your balls. 

So will I stop coming here? No. There are still positive things in mind and some other employees aren't so bad. Though I know the majority of them give better service to people they eye up and go "Oh my god! I know she likes "Kate Bush"!" You'd be surprised what people really are underneath their "Ramones" t-shirt. (Besides naked.)
I've frequented about ten different coffee shops over the last two months, and I've chosen this lucky lil guy as the one to take me through to the home stretch and the impending bar exam next week(!), as have a lot of other law students, from the looks of the piles of orange Bar review books and stressed looking 20 somethings. Here are some reasons why:

1. Lots of seating, and *generally* far apart enough that you can have your personal space, rest your purse/lunchbox/bookbag/briefcase next to you without feeling like an asshole.
2. High ceilings, big windows that face outside, so you don't feel like punching a baby if you spend 10 hours here (as I do).
3. $2 iced coffee and tea, 50 cent refills on coffee! These are the cheapest prices I've seen at an independent coffee shop, and they have a great selection.
4. A LOT of people here are studying. This is where people who "work from home" are actually working. Every once in a while someone annoying is having a loud chat here, but it's rare, and you can always go downstairs (see # 5).
5. Secret basement area for SERIOUS studying/working.
6. Dog therapy. There is a dog who lives here/works here/hangs out here. He's friendly.
7. Low, minimal annoyance music.
8. Friendly, unpretentious barristas who won't bother you or be in your way, or judge you if you pack your own snacks/lunch/dinner (Hint: Whole Foods is a block away).
9. Decent food. Tried the tomato mozzarella and it was great-although I don't like olives and they're pre-made so...something to consider.
10. Hours! Open till 10! Seriously serious about that serious working vibe.

Only con is the credit card minimum and slight shortage of outlets in the backroom along the wall. (But if you need an outlet, there will be an open one). Also some of the chairs are made of bungee cord material that conform to your butt, which is kinda odd. 

Also! They have lots of board games and books for people who actually want to enjoy their time here.

LET'S DO THIS CHAPTERHOUSE.
I'm conflicted about Chapterhouse.  On the one hand, it is a great coffeeshop to do work in.  The coffee is good and the refills are cheap.  The sandwiches and smoothies are really good too; expensive, but worth the money.  It's a great place to do some reading.

On the other hand, these qualities bring their own problems.  The grad student vibe is heavy here - talk too loudly and you will figure out just what looks can kill.  One time, a couple broke up while I was doing my reading next to them.  The background music is repetitive, but luckily, I still like the Cocteau Twins and even, God bless them, the Strokes.  

The baristas are great, except for one thing.  I come in several mornings a week, and once in a while, I only have a twenty dollar bill.  Several times, I have been told that they simply can't make change for me.  Shouldn't you just keep a reserve of ones and fives for just this problem?
Check! I found me a cafe that I can call a usual... and it's just down the block!

This place is just adorable! To start, I love their staff. I'm not going to lie... since being in Philly, I've bumped into some not so courteous ppl =/ haha but hey, this place made me leave with a smile on my face :)  They were very useful in helping me choose what drink to get (since they do have some special smoothies and lattes). They were also very nice about making sure I get what I want by asking me about my milk selection, whip cream, etc. since I did not specify anything. Even when they made me a smoothie, they offered to add more honey and make it a bit sweeter if I find it too sour without me mentioning anything.

The atmosphere here is also very relaxing. The music is just loud enough to hear but not too loud to drown out conversation or studying. There's plenty of seating including a few love seats also. The art on the walls are also very interesting. Every couple of months, they change the art so you get new stuff to look at all the time! While the art isn't that pretty (yea, I know that's subjective), it definitely makes good conversation while sitting there and drinking a coffee hehe. 

I've tried a blueberry/raspberry smoothie and a nutella latte here. The smoothies could be a bit thicker but it was still good and fresh. The nutella latte is also interesting.

And what else is important in a cafe? Internet! Yes, there is free wi-fi here :)
It doesn't get much better than this. The coffee is great the snacks are excellent but what really make Chapterhouse my favorite place in this fair city is the people. Both behind the counter and in the mix. Laid back, engaging and kind. I can't tell you how many fabulous conversations I have had with my "little while" friends at Chapterhouse.

The art is also a key part of the stellar ambiance. 

Well done crew!
Chapterhouse will always have a place in my heart, as it was one of the first cafes in Philly that I frequented regularly after moving to Bella Vista.

The space is stunning - comfy furniture, plenty of light, fantastic art, and a wonderfully extensive drink menu.  It is unlike any other independent coffeeshop in Philadelphia - most others seem to opt for a smaller, darker interior, and it is a refreshing change.  Almost zen-like.

I believe they serve up Equal Exchange Coffee, and perhaps a few varieties from other roasters.  Their selection of sweets is wonderful, and they recently added some sandwiches (I believe) to their line-up, though I've yet to try them.

It's always a bit crowded here and seats can (surprisingly!) be hard to find among all the med students, hipsters, and young professionals.  The fact that Chapterhouse can withstand the opening of a Starbuck's right down the block, and still pack them in more than the chain ever has, is a testament to its greatness.
I've been to this cafe several times while visiting people in Philly, and I often wish it were in New York. The espresso is good, there is a cute patio and interesting artwork on the walls. If you're into flavored sodas or fizzy teas, they've got those too. 

I rarely expect much from service in Philly, as I've discovered that "The City of Brotherly Love" was probably a term coined on opposite day, but I thought it was fine. 

Something that really caught my eye was the most quintessentially hipster painting I have ever seen. It featured a curled up, bearded man wearing plaid, surrounded by antlered beasts and nature images. While it did provide a great laugh, the painting (along with all the others) was quite impressive. I'm so used to having mediocre/terrible/slightly frightening things covering the walls where I'm just trying to score some quality time with free wifi.
I had Chapterhouse Cafe bookmarked for years. Years. I honestly don't know what took me so long to visit.

During Thanksgiving weekend, I was in the city about to meet a friend for brunch but was feeling fairly sleepy so I googled nearby coffee shops. Chapterhouse was only a block out of the way, so I re-routed myself and walked over.

The inside is calm and inviting. Loads of people were studying or doing work. I took a quick look at the menu and was drawn to the black and white latte. 

They whipped it up within ten minutes and it was seriously delicious. I walked down the street so much happier after having that drink -- and I'm still craving another.

I know exactly where to go next time I'm in South Philly and craving a specialty coffee drink.
Yelp- you led me here and I am so very thankful! Chapterhouse C & G has a killer fresh made smoothie, homemade desserts, enough caffeination choices to make a coffee addition ever the more tempting, and to top it off- intriguing local art for sale.  Come here now, come here often.
i love this place. the owners are good and intelligent people, the set up is great and the coffee is delicious and free trade. what more could you want? i would recommend this place to anyone. i think they have free internet, they definitely always have tons of art on the walls/in the air and they have a great outdoor area that you can stare off into over your cuppa. it isn't really well known so the crowds are rare, though there are always people here.
My affection for this place is dwindling. The wifi in the basement is extremely slow. Also, the basement is VERY cold (even when its warm outside) and dark. There is a lightbulb out which makes my studying even more dismal, and to make matters worse their only lamp is broken. The basement can get really noisy with people stomping on the basement doors from the street. 

I also am unsure if I like the vibe I get from the workers anymore. They used to be friendly, but recently everyone has an "I am too cool for you" attitude, with little to no friendliness. I barely get a greeting when I walk in the door. When getting more hot water for my tea (complimentary), I am walking back to my chair and a worker says, "Oh, did you get a refill?" Well, yes I did, your co-worker at the cash register got it for me. The comment was in a very accusatory/surprised tone, like I had either helped myself to some hot water or failed to pay for something that was....free. It was very off putting. 

Finally, the food is nothing to write home about. The selection is pretty slim. If you want a muffin or danish, you can get one, but it will probably be gluten, sugar, and dairy free with a side of hipster arrogance. To me, that is not worth the calories. 

Maybe all the studying is getting to my head, maybe I am grumpy, or maybe this place really is losing it's charm...
There are many gems located in the Bella Vista area! Last night, Furr-man, McThrill and I ventured over to Chapter House Cafe and Gallery and I was blown away! What a cozy establishment. Nestled on the corner of 9th and Bainbridge we were greeted at the door by Jessica, the cafe mascot and expert plate cleaner! She was the cutest dog in the world with a high admiration for the scones served at Chapter House. Jessica immediately made friends with everyone in the cafe and I was sold. Place that dog outside in a suit and watch the business pour in! Not to mention the art on the walls. There was so much to take in while I sipped my coffee with a little cream and two splenda. I was also on the phone landing a Publicist for the season. I looked around and said, "I would love to hold an event here"! I so want a t-shirt that with a picture of Jessica the dog with a bubble that says "Chapter House ROCKS!" I would totally buy it! Great job Chapter House. Who would have thought, being yourself really works!!! I am sold for life!
I love this place, and it's fast becoming one of my happy places in Philly. But why?

-First and foremost, the coffee. I've been getting the iced coffee, but when I feel fancy they have other delicious drinks like Thai Iced Coffee and Ancho Chile Chocolate Latte, etc etc. More reasonably priced than S'bux

-Oatmeal cookie sandwiches with craisins. The key here is the white frosting. Man, they are tasty.

-Size. It's wide open and there are lots of tables (albeit, most of the time they are all filled). High ceilings, windows and natural sunlight... if you took the tables out, I would be happy to call this place my home. 

-Free wifi. This one is important. Also, they have plenty of outlets, which is hard to come by in a lot of these little coffee stores.

-Ambiance. The whirring of espresso machines at coffeehouses often leave me feeling frenzied, which makes it difficult for me to concentrate. Not so at Chapterhouse--I've never noticed it here. 

In conclusion, I really enjoy this relaxed, unpretentious space. The baristas are great, the coffee is yum, and don't forget to get a cookie sandwich.
Chapterhouse is one of my favorites cafes to go to for many reasons.

1. The people that work there are really nice.
2. The music always makes me curious or it's something I like a whole bunch.
3. The coffee (regular and decaf which is americano style) is delicious. They have a plethora of soy milk and I usually get rice milk in my delicious chai tea. No other cafe in Philly I know has rice milk! (Surprise me?)
4. The seating is varied, comfortable, and spacious. You're not sitting on anyone's lap (unless you choose to?).
5. The people that go there are really friendly, and since it's a chill place and not loud at all, it's a good place to read if you're looking to get out of the house, or I hear they have wi-fi (I'm not a laptop kinda girl) too so you can bring your computer to get work done.

6. Also, I haven't tried it yet but for god's sake they have 80's Trivial Pursuit. Seriously.
I don't want to love Chapterhouse.  It's always so crowded--I never know whether I'll be able to get a table.  Sometimes the music is unbearably loud.  Yes, it's often full of pretentious hipsters.  But!  It's just such a wonderful space.  When it's full of people studying, it feels truly hallowed.  No one speaks to break the silence, which is so important to my studying.  Still, it's not so stuffy that I feel badly answering my cell phone if it rings.  Another perk: free wi-fi!  Awesome for those days when I need Internet to get my work done (and equally great for those I'm-so-sick-of-studying moments, to provide a welcome distraction).

As I've mentioned in my other reviews, I am not a coffee drinker.  Friends do like their coffee, but I think their espresso drinks are even more well-loved.  My boyfriend likes their Mexican mocha.  My favorite drink is the soy chai.  For some reason, Chapterhouse's soy chai is my favorite chai in all of Philadelphia.  I don't know what the owner does to make it taste different, but it's consistently delicious.  They also have tasty sandwiches and ridiculously good cookies.  The brownies and various other bars are hit or miss.

Though it's crowded and sometimes annoying, I will continue to venture out of East Falls to visit Chapterhouse.  I can't resist the atmosphere, that awesome chai, and the overall allure of this lovely spot.  Extra bonus: I have a secret crush on the owner (?)--she has killer bone structure, wears the most daring bright pink blush, and has a septum piercing that actually looks hot.
I agree with most of the other reviewers: Chapterhouse is a very productive environment if you're a creative person or if you just want to read a book or newspaper. I find that other patrons are often very kind about moving aside temporarily while I plug my computer in. It's a decent place for a quiet conversation, too. 

The espresso-based beverages here are of high-quality. They're also consistently made that way despite who is making them. However, everything comes in one size, they're usually 'out' of snacks and sandwiches and the customer service could be better. If a customer doesn't know about your not-prominently-posted minimum charge rule or doesn't somehow possess the psychic powers to know you're out of an advertised-as-there sandwich, don't make the customer feel stupid.

I want to like Chapterhouse more than Starbucks. It's easier to get on the wi-fi here...but honestly, I'd rather skip the hassle and visit a Starbucks most times...and I hate saying that...but it's true.
Chapterhouse is a coffee shop.

No, wait! It's a gallery!

No, WAIT!!! It's a COFFEE SHOP!!!


Ummmm... it's actually BOTH and it does a top-notch job of being both! Chapterhouse is fantastic because it is a bright, wide open gallery-space-type coffee shop. It features lots n' lots of seating, but get there early! This place is so popular that the seats fill up quickly. Chapterhouse also serves my all-time favorite tea, peach- pomegranate, and I make it a point to get piping hot pots full of it any time I have a day off of work to sit in this cozy place, read, and listen to the relaxing and fun music selections they're always playing. The artists' works that Chapterhouse selects to show are also some of the best and most unique that I have ever seen.
It's a nice place to hang out for a while. It's part coffeehouse, part gallery and it feels very gallery; clean, wood floors and white walled...plus, you know, there's also the fact that there's plenty of art a-hanging. It's comfortable too. I often think that I wouldn't mind living in a place like this, this kind of house. It would make a cool house fer livin. I probably wouldn't change much at all, including having access to the good coffee concoctions and iced coffee (good iced coffee)...and sugar cookies...and brownies...and free wifi. It's a nice place, for real. And very nice people working here too! 

I know that seat doesn't belong to me. The one in the back corner nook, next to the wall of pane-glass window, that looks out onto the back garden. So, there will be no showdown. I won't act up. I will behave myself when I go to Chapterhouse, if someone else is sitting there. That's mostly since I've sworn off showdowns at places to which I wanna return.
Chapterhouse was one of the first coffee-shops I discovered when I moved to Phila. Apparently the place is named after a Dune book (if you guys are into that). Free internet, gorgeous interior, actually good art, and wide variety of people that come here make it one of my favorite coffee-shops. Besides coffee, the always have interesting drink specials (I think they had spicy hot chocolate once) and tons of Italian soda. Not sure if they make food here, but they do have bagels and pastries. I believe they're open pretty late, so it can be a good place to study.
cute shop. i loved their thai style coffee. quick service. a few treats to grab at the counter, alot of vegan items. they showcase what seems ot be about 3 diff artists throughout the shop.overall, its a nice chill area to relax and grab something to drink/
Chapterhouse Cafe a.k.a Wedding Planners!?

Well, they don't actually "DO" the Wedding Planning...but they help the crazy, physcotic, stressful process of this BRIDEZILLA NIGHTMARE go smoothly!

Sunday afternoon and my Fiance and I wanted to find a laid back, relaxing place to sit down with coffee & tea to hash out our Wedding Plans. Chapter house completed our checklist.

Dog Friendly - Check (wanted to get our pups some fresh air)
Warm Environment - Check
Soft Lounge Music - Check
Quiet Hipsters Minding Their Own Bizz - Check
Coffee & Tea - Check
Spacious - Check
Free Internet Wifi - Check

The only bummer about this place was they ran out of everything by 3pm. We were craving some tasty treats but apparently this cafe is the "hot spot" on weekends and you gotta come a little earlier if you want to grab a bite before they sell out. 

Wedding Planning was a success! 

BUT...this knife stabbing headache and rat in my gut from thinking about how much we crazy couples spend on a wedding is pretty sickening.... lol
Why did I used to hate the Chapterhouse?  Why did I think it was mean and scary?  Probably because I'm what you would call a tardbot.  Really, it's quite lovely here.  There's not one, not two, but THREE rooms of seating, with a variety of options.  There's the "let's people watch" bar seats, the "get down to business" two top desk tables, and my personal favorite, the "lazy afternoon" softy chair/couch thingies.  Hell, there's even a freakish looking hanging cocoon chair.  Yes, that is the technical name for it.

The staff is generally pleasant and the musical selections are usually pretty alright and played at a volume such that you can hear it, but it's not clobbering you about the ear region.

Once again I am an epic fail in reviewing the edibles/drinkables department, but they do have a great tea selection.  Three different kinds of white tea?  That makes me feel all fancy and shit.

Plus there's that dog that's always there...if you're into canines with your caffeine...
i don't know what the combination is, but chapter house is the only place i can get real, live work done.  it gets pretty crowded at peak times, so i advise getting there early.

i do wish they had fresh vegetables for their bagels... it would be nice to have a tomato/avocado bagel here, and i can't.

i like the really clean, post mod aesthetic.  the chairs are undeniable the most comfortable and clean chairs in any coffee house in center city. period.

i also love the backyard view.  although it's nestled into a cement jungle just off south street, the big paned windows at the back of the joint overlook a quaint garden.  a very refreshing respite from city streets.
This has such a Minneapolis vibe! (That's a good thing East Coast folks!) Clean, tall ceilings, thru light, old wood floors, kind staff who top off drinks (!), rotating artist work on the walls, this was - hands down - my favorite Philly coffeeshop pre-COVID. I studied for hours there with my energy amped up with delicious coffee concoctions, surrounded by similarly focused and/or friendly individuals (they can be both!). 

There is plenty of study/work space in the back, near a cute courtyard, as well as in the basement. The staff are so happy and seem genuinely caring about my coffee experience and the decor is warm and peaceful. 

I can't recommend this place enough, it is my favorite! 

*This review was started/written/meant to be posted pre-COVID!
Chapterhouse is my favorite cafe in the city.  It's a great place to work when you are working from home.  On days when I've had to do a huge chunk of research or write a big proposal, this is the place I come to do the work.  It's also a nice place for sitting and chatting with friends.

Some yummy things: the sandwiches (toasted in a panini toaster), the iced tea sodas (part tea and part italian soda), and the sandwich cookies.

Plus, they are dog-friendly and their bathroom is always clean.
This place is definitely my favourite nighborhood coffeehouse.  It's huge, has a nice back area with huge windows to look out of (with a view of a garden not more buildings and trash!)  Or you can sit up front and hang out on the bar seats and stare out to the city sidewalk life moving by, or in the darker middle of the coffeehouse area, with cozy couches candles and whatnot.  
The free wi-fi is bonus for those dark winter days when you need your computer, but need some people around you too.  
Music soundtrack is good too, I nice mix of electronica, chill and alternative rock tracks, if you didn't BYOM. 
I just wish they had a frequent coffee buyers club because I spend way too much money in here!
If you need to study,
Chapterhouse is the place,
their dark roast is so strong,
it will melt off your face.

Radiohead on the system,
it's what I like to hear,
I give them props,
for their good atmosphere.

face-melting thing too strong?
back on line four?
I've gotten out of hand
with hyperbole before.

Yet I digress,
I must confess,
this is a good place to chat, drink coffee, play chess.

The prices are low,
there's plenty of seats,
all things considered,
Starbucks it defeats.
Finally got a chance to check out Chapterhouse yesterday to get in some crucial study time.

First of all, I can definitely say that this place is very conducive to getting work done. When I came in it was full of people on their laptops, fully immersed in reviewing power point lectures and writing papers.  The tables are solid and there are a good amount.  The music they play is excellent! They even played my favorite song off Jeff Mangum's Live from Jittery Joe's. YES.

The drinks and food are fairly priced and they seemed to have a yummy selection of baked goodies.  The iced coffee, which is the only thing I got, was very good.

Chapterhouse definitely has a nice, relaxed atmosphere, good for studying, or just hangin' out with a friend. I'll be back for sure!
This place was my favorite cafe in Philadelphia for 3 years, until today - June 6th, 2014. The barista, her name is Michelle, she has red-curly hair and I believe that she is referenced in other comments in a not so positive light. Anyway, today I was inspecting various shops, books stores, etc in Philadelphia to find a spot for my next book signing (I am an author). I popped into Chapter House for about 35 minutes to send an email, considered the possibility of doing a book signing here and waiting for my girlfriend. Upon leaving the cafe, the cashier, Michelle, yells from the counter and across the room, "You didn't buy anything... this isn't a study hall where you just come and don't buy anything". I was appalled and turned around, as I couldn't believe I was being badgered from across the cafe by a barista. I explained to the barista that I always buy something when I come to this cafe and that I just didn't today, as I was in a hurry. She continued to badger me in an attempt to humiliate me in front of the entire cafe.  She said "everyone else in here has bought something". This is even more alarming as I beg to know how/why she focused her attention on ME. Her presumptions of me, as a kid "at a study hall" may have been most appalling as I am a doctor, far from a child using the cafe as a "study hall". Shouldn't matter if I were. I called once I left to ask her for her managers name and she refused to give me the managers name! Unbelievable. I will be sending a letter in the mail, as well as trying to get in contact with the owner/ manager again today or tomorrow. This is not the way to treat a patron, it was unprofessional and disgusting to say the least. To boot, my colleague was at the cafe witnessing this entire incident. To think of all the money I have spent here over the years, to be treated in such a fashion.
First time here 3 months ago was a great vibe. 
Today the barista with the short black hair convinced me I must be stupid to not know that the menu consisted of nothing but good coffee. 

Told her I'd like a really good iced coffee. I said It with a smile. I asked her what's good here? Can she suggest good iced coffee with caffeine. That's all. I'm not asking for anything crazy. So she replied back saying everything's good on the menu, with a hint of irritation and saying it to me like I was stupid. Like how can I not know what's good? I just wanted a suggestion since she works here and she might know what's popular. My smile just vanished and I was debating if I should just order a simple dam coffee and go or make her life harder than what she's doing. Since I'm so nice and the day was sunny I decided to have a good day. Cute comfy place but I won't be back.
This is a really nice cafe. They have so many partitions to suit your every mood. Upstairs theres your usual seating, downstairs theres a break out room with a large table and board games if you're lucky enough to claim it before someone else does. There's also an outdoor area when it's nice out. The coffee and pastries here are also on point, the only problem with this place is this long haired guy who works as the barista sometimes.. that guy's kind of an ass.
I'm updating my previous review to note that Chapterhouse does have solid food offerings now, including vegetarian options. I had the veg wrap, which I opted to get with cucumber salad. I was pleasantly surprised by how solid the food was.

Everything else about Chapterhouse is still good.
Finding a good coffee shop in any city can be a challenge.  Especially if you don't like charbucks, whether for their burnt overpriced coffee or their corporate chain atmosphere.  There are a lot of nice little coffee shops in south Philly that are decent, but just don't work for me because of small cluttered spaces, indifferent baristas, or noisy environments.

I like to go to a coffee shop to read, or break out my mini laptop (it's always a conversation piece) to catch up with the internets, and just to get out of my apartment for a change.  Chapterhouse is nice for that as it's generally quiet, and has a bit of room.   There are convenient outlets near many of the tables to plug in your electronic vampires.

The coffee is pretty good, and they also have decent chai lattes.  They have some specialty drinks, and also some iced options for the summer.  They have some food options, but I've never partaken.  The music is usually decent, and unobtrusive, good to read by or do a bit of computer work.
Arguably the best coffee shop in Philly for sitting around and doing work on a laptop.  The coffee is really strong, and fairly affordable.  The cafe is large and there are almost always empty seats.  The internet is free and relatively consistent.  They are dog friendly, and others' dogs will come visit you while you work.  Their lunch food isn't the best, but that's not what they're known for.  There are plenty of lunch places nearby, around South street.
wow. 5 trillion reviews for a tiny spot.
i'd say the answer's in the question...
go here for the awesome beverages and great staff.
stay to do some work and get distracted by the surprisingly impressive art they exhibit.
the place is attractive, comfy and welcoming.
probably my top coffee spots in the city.
If you like to be treated poorly, dump your shitty boyfriend and come for a coffee at Chapterhouse!  The owners are really rude and unfriendly, and the vibe seems to have been passed on to their poor, poor employees.  Oh, and the place smells like dog or unwashed boys or something.

Here's a better idea: GO TO GOOD KARMA on Pine between 10th and 9th.  It's LARGER and FRIENDLIER.  And, it DOES NOT smell like un-washed boy.
I've only been to this place twice, but I have had an enjoyable experience both times. The first time I went was for a poetry reading which was held in the back room. The reading series that Chapterhouse puts on is top-notch, all great writers reading their great work. I saw Thaddeus Rutkowski, Hal Sirowitz, and Jeffrey McDaniel perform at this place, and though the seating was limited, the dynamics of the room gave off some nice intimate undertones. Whatever that means.

But yeah, for a coffee shop, Chapterhouse is your standard coffee shop. I've only had the coffee, but I can tell you this: the coffee is fresh and tasty, isn't too thick and spicy like all the Starbucks that surround Philadelphia in a menacing gaze, isn't burnt like all the Dunkin Donuts. Go here for a good cup. 

The wait staff is friendly and forgiving. There is plenty of free literature strewn about, in the form of newspapers and fliers. There are tables all over the place, though here's my major beef: not enough seating space. It's either because of the popularity of the joint, or because the place doesn't seem like you'd be able to share a table with another patron. Seems like most people go to this place to do work of some sort, whether creative work, school work, or professional work. So be prepared to get something to go.

Oh, and did I mention that the music they play there is amazing? I found myself both entertained and entranced--the perfect coffeeshop tunes cascading in one long row of enchantment.
Chapterhouse ranks as one of my top 5 independent coffeehouses in the city. 
Coffee is fresh and delicious - AND fair trade. The art is consistently awesome, the decor consists of an old mantle with shelves of books for reading, a slammin' boardgame selection bound to occupy friends or a date, a beautifully sunny back room with windows boasting a lovely backyard, and even the bathroom is awesome. The employees are the ideal baristas: laid back, knowledgable, and execute their craft with great pride, sans sass.
The treat selection is small, guaranteeing a fresh selection, but includes vegan and non-vegan items. Be sure to take note of the beautiful mobiles that hold permanent spots throughout the 3-room space. 
           I didn't start going here for a good while after it opened, although I had tried. Why? BECAUSE I COULDN'T GET A SEAT. EVER. Seriously, I had gone in so many times, and at different times of day, but left each time in disappointment and disbelief at the amount of people in here...and there are a LOT of places to sit - they were always full. All of them. 
            But in time, my persistence paid off. And now I can go whenever I want and have a great cup. Fair Warning: DO NOT challenge me in Trivial Pursuit. I will send you home crying to your mother.
Although I use Yelp as a cross-reference, I primarily find my favorite spots through word-of-mouth, BUT I found Chapterhouse through Yelp. THANK YOU. Chapterhouse is the reason I love Philly. It is so open, spacious, and low-key. The staff is friendly and the clientele is very respectful (aka sitting with their computers or having quiet and non-invasive conversations). On both visits, I've been able to squeeze in some reading and yelping (free WiFi btw) time without being disturbed.

Secondly, all coffee is not created equal. Their mochas are crafted to perfection like a work of art. Even their brewed coffee is superior. I am a coffee drinker and I have had one of the best cups of coffee there.

Another reason I love them: they are dog-friendly. UNHEARD OF! WHO DOESN'T LOVE DOGS?
Definitely one of the best coffee shops in Philly.  I usually go there to study, but I've seen older women playing Majhong in there too.  Staff is very friendly.  Try an iced mocha --  4 different typed of chocolate!  The sandwiches are surprisingly good as are their desserts.  Can be crowded at times and the internet is a little spotty.
My boyfriend and I are not coffee house aficionados by any means, but we stopped here while we were waiting for our ceramics time at the Expressive Hand next door. The staff at the Expressive Hand gave us some coupons for a free coffee or tea, so we headed over to wait out our time.

First of all, the place is nice on the inside and quite cozy. There are bar stools overlooking the store front, and lots of small tables. Another plus is that the large bookshelf in the middle room is full of games and puzzles and even playing cards. The BF and I kept ourselves amused with a never-ending game of Uno, so we really appreciated the fact that Chapterhouse had distractions available. 
  
However, that's where the positives end, unfortunately. The baristas were pretty grumpy when we asked them what drinks we'd be eligible for with our coupons (understandable), but their attitude didn't even change after we tipped them. Rude. My tea lacked flavor and my crappy paper cup (hello, sustainability!) had a slow leak which meant I lost most of my drink to the tabletop. Blah. Lastly, on a Sunday afternoon, the place was super packed. Most people looked like they hadn't moved in eons from their tables and didn't plan on moving for another several millenniums either. If I had paid good money for a cup of coffee and atmosphere, I'd be pretty annoyed that there was no space to sit. We ended up sitting on two slightly uncomfortable plastic chairs by the bookshelves, awkwardly adjacent to a couple sprawled on the sofa. 

To sum it up - this place put me too close for comfort with some snooty hipsters and meh beverages. No thanks, I'll pass!
This address has gone through ALOT of owners/transitions/names... I used to work at Grinds and Finds and then it was Carey's Cafe for a short time and then another cafe which was also short lived. So needless to say I was really excited to see Chapterhouse come in! the owners have turned it into an amazing space and the coffee and sandwiches are really good too!  (I think they're from Le Bus) It's always crowded when I go in and no matter what the staff is always super friendly and helpful.
Pros: Lots of study space, Various drinks/tea, decorations/atmosphere, outlets, 2hr parking nearby
Barista: Helped us pick out a great tea! (So many various options)

Tips for Tea lovers: Get a pot for 2 (only $.50 more) and it comes with 2 teabags. Plus, its unlimited hot water refills.
My fella had brought me in here once and it was crowded and i wasn't sure if I was a fan. Seemed a bit up it's own ass--not really as chillaxing as others have said.  

Then yesterday when I was walking from South Philly towards civilization where I live in Center City, I decided to stop in for a drink for walk.     I got an iced tea that hit every spot possible--maybe even the G one.  

The service that I got when I was by myself was so nice, and it confirmed for me that it was always good service not just because i went with a regular as before.  

If that wasn't enough, they've got Noam Chomsky AND Boards of Canada as their myspace friends.  

It's a shame it's so far from my place, but if I ever travel into the wilds of South Philly again, this will be a stop on my way.
Pros:  Chapterhouse is a beautiful space.  It's hard to find such spacious, warmly-decorated, tasteful cafes on the east coast these days.  Chapterhouse also has no problem with lingering customers - buy a cup of something, have a seat, and spend a few hours reading if you like.  The coffee is good, and the pastries are pretty good as well.

Cons:  First and foremost, their espresso drinks are watery.  Down the street from Chapterhouse is a Starbucks - every morning, Chapterhouse is fairly empty while Starbucks has a line going out the door.  This is because Starbucks' espresso drinks are stronger and more flavorful.  (If even Starbucks has better espresso offerings than you do, you know you're doing something wrong.)

Chapterhouse is hipster hell.  I don't object to the crowd, or the age of the crowd - rather, I object to the exclusivity and clique-ishness of it.  I've been going to Chapterhouse several times a week for two years, and no one there knows my name or has even once asked.  Maybe this is because I'm a little older than the crowd there, or for some other reason. Occasionally, you get awful, slow, cold-shouldered service there.  Yesterday I went to Chapterhouse for a regular afternoon tea (their tea is terrible, by the way), and after waiting several minutes for the barista to finish a personal conversation with a patron, I was greeted by cold, abrupt service.  She clearly felt I was wasting her time, perhaps because I wasn't part of the "in" crowd.  After she was done with me, she proceeded to warmly and happily greet everyone who came in after me, because they were part of the "in" crowd.  Overall, it made me feel unwelcome and lonely.

In short, Chapterhouse is a nice place for the occasional coffee, and a good place if you plan to go out with a few friends.  But if you want good espresso look elsewhere.  If you want to feel like a regular who's welcome, definitely go elsewhere. I plan to from now on.
I always forget how much I like this place until circumstance finds me here.  The vibe is good & the place stretches out 3 connected rooms long.  This is great b/c you can usually always find a spot to sit despite the crowds.  It's a nice place to meet up with friends, people watch or get work done.

Free wi-fi if you ask for the day's password.  Good coffee drinks & small pastry & sandwich selection.  Why people don't walk the extra half block up from the corner behemoth competitor is beyond me.
Cool venue but meh coffee.

This place is PACKED on the weekends.  There were students and artsy types with their laptops everywhere.  I assume they come to "get away from distractions" and "get work done" but more often than not I saw more work being done on facebook and twitter.

On a side note, the whole going to a coffee shop to "get work done" never made sense to me.  It's like, "Yes, let me force myself to go out and sit at a small table amongst strangers, order some overpriced coffee, and use free, unsecured, and slow wireless internet that's asking to be hacked."  But hey, whatever makes you happy. /rant

I apologize if that offended you, don't take it seriously.  

Anyway we got the "not nutella" and the mint mocha.  I was pretty disappointed with the mint mocha, I didn't taste a hint of mint.  Not nutella was not much better, just sweeter.  On the plus side, service is friendly and fast, and the prices here are reasonable so no complaints there.

Despite this, at least we got out of the cold for a bit.  +1 for that!
cute cute ca-yute!

I was in Philly on "vacay" (if there is such a thing when you're unemployed) recently, and I wanted to find a good place to clack on the computer and people watch. Chapterhouse fit the bill. Always full of people, but never feels too crowded (at least not in the afternoons), quite, but not to a library extent, and tasty food. I went two days in a row after trying unsuccessfully to find a coffee shop in the Philly area to top their experience. Will def make it my coffee shop of choice when I'm in the 'hood.
I can't even estimate how much work I was able to get done while downing a latte at Chapter House.  Maybe once out of the many times I've visited have I not been able to find a seat.   Free wi-fi was great (and unlimited).  Ah, but my favorite part (and the extra star) is those little leaves they make in the top of my latte... it's the little things in life that make you smile.
I love this place.  I can study here comfortably.  Everything is reasonably priced.  There are good snacks if you get hungry.  The girls behind the counter are hilarious and totally cute.  It's a great place to be.

The only thing I would say deters me from this place are the occassional "unbalanced" folk that come through.  Whether they are just extra sociable or singing out loud, it can be rather distracting.  Never in negative nature though, just purely distracting.
I came here to kill some time and to doodle. Perfect spot for meeting up with friends or getting some work done. I liked how the rooms were separated -- think wide, railroad apartment. Jist: You order your drink/food up front. Choose your seat. Baristas will call out your order so pay attention. I noticed that when it got busier, the baristas tended to shout out orders.

Overall I enjoyed my cappuccino and cheese danish. There were times where I thought it was getting too loud because of the music and heaps of people pouring in. If you get distracted by all that, i recommend headphones.
chapterhouse has some wonderful coffee, and is housed in one of the most beautiful cafe spaces i've ever seen.  that is for sure.

however, like many other coffeeshops, it has become inundated with the spending-six-hours-on-my-laptop patrons.  which can be extremely annoying when you want to grab a latte and food with a friend.  though i dislike the places that cover up their outlets completely to solve this problem, i just wish some of the jefferson med students that study here would get that other people want to sit down.  but i digress....

my only other complaint is that some of the employees here are a bit standoffish.  ok, i get you think you're all intellectual and artsy - but that doesn't mean you can't give me a smile when you serve me, or i tip you.
Cool, very hipster spot. Friendly staff. Recommended by a friend to try the Nutella hot chocolate, which was great. They had a lot of hot chocolate options, which would be great in the winter!
They have ample seating. Lots of space for group projects and studying. We on the other hand, just sat by the window and people watched!
Absolutely terrible!! I usually never write reviews but I just had to to warn others about my horrendous experience. This place is so chaotic and crowded that you cannot get any work done. It's a place where people go to get a quick coffee and hang out but not for getting work done or studying. The coffee was mediocre but the smoothie was horrific. I do not recommend this place because it is also not professional at all. They also don't offer straws and many appliances and most of the time it's super busy with barely any open seats... the wifi is also really bad I had to use my hotspot the entire time because the wifi would not work. I will never come here again, this was the worst experience I have ever had at a caf. I am really surprised at the great reviews this place has because if I could give it 0 stars I would.
A huge, cozy cafe right off Philly's famous South Street. Perfect for a break to rest up after a day of exploring. The space is inviting and comfortable.

The staff is ultra friendly and have great suggestions. They have a large menu of drinks and some small bites and pastries.

The people seemed to be a mixture of locals and tourists, and the noise level was pretty quiet. We welcomed the calm relaxing vibe to recharge (ourselves as well as our elextronics).

The back room has a huge windowed wall which lets in a beautiful amount of sunlight at the right hour.
3.5

I used to love this place. It used to have great coffee and great studying atmosphere. They have great latte selections and I love that they include a double shot of espresso. However, I have lost it as cafe for studying.  I find the music selection and volume not very conducive to studying anymore and for some reason, the service is just different. I don't feel welcomed anymore and would rather go to Starbucks. 

Sad times to lose a local cafe.
this place is pretty perfect in terms of being a coffee shop for getting shit done. it is big, lots of tables, multiple rooms, wifi and lots of outlets. the music level is perfect and serves up a steady stream of indie hits that don't distract. the coffee is good, the food ok and there is great natural light. i don't love the chairs, would prefer some padding. but man if they had more comfy chairs, people would probably never leave. my favorite spot is the back room.
I've recently moved about six blocks further from my old go-to coffee place and was looking for something to replace it. There were several local options but Chapterhouse not only beats out the nearby competitors, it made me glad I'd moved. 

The drinks are great, and there is a lot of variety when choosing between teas, mocha/lattes, and hot chocolates. Alternative milk options are free and the staff is open minded about variations on the menu. The baked goods vary from day to day, and the sandwich options are all very tasty, if a touch pricey. Unfortunately, the side salad that comes with sandwiches is a little sad, but that's hardly the reason one comes to Chapterhouse.

The real selling point isn't actually the coffee, but the atmosphere. The decor is an exceptional balance of artsy, low-tech, refined, and hip. Some of the seats are a bit odd or unusually placed, but that ends up adding to the overall aesthetic. I also constantly approve of the music selection, which is just quirky enough to stand out while remaining very accessible.

The staff are universally friendly and helpful - they began recognizing me after just a couple visits and recommending new items that they thought I hadn't tried yet. The coffeehouse allows dogs, and actually has a shop dog named Jessica who is well-behaved enough not to eat food off of your plate (until she thinks you're done with it, at least).

Unless you're allergic to dogs or simply too far away, I can't think of any reason you wouldn't want to try Chapterhouse. The only improvement I would wish for is some kind of loyalty program, whether it be Lokalty or punch-cards.
as a budding barista (at the new "Cream & Sugar" in University City), i feel as though i can now justifiably rate coffee shops.  although there was that one shop that i reviewed before my barista days....that was solely on their customer service (insert cross reference for Satellite Cafe).  i've ALWAYS been a consumer.  

anyway, i like this establishment for it's coffee (i even had cappuccino envy the other day.  my friend came to the table with the loveliest large cup of it).  AND i dig it for its great study space.  it reflects its name "chapterhouse."  you know..."chapter"...as in the chapter of a book.  what's more, the have free internet, interesting people, and a few comfortable chairs. 

OK... i'll be honest.  i go there because as a student, i need to convince people that i actually study in coffee shops.
I'll start by saying this place is over rated on yelp.  

But I absolutely do like coming here.  

For me a coffee shop is mostly about the ambiance than anything.  This is the library of coffee shops.  If you are in grad school, spend your weekend here like me.  Many of the patrons attend jefferson and the rest of us are getting our respective advanced degrees with the help of chatperhouses's free wifi, and caffeine.  

This is not a place to come with your friends to catch up.  There is often one loud awkward table that receives many dirty looks as the rest of us write papers and cram for exams.   

The drinks are a little over priced and it's probably the priciest small coffee in the neighborhood.  The upstairs is comfortable and if you are lucky you can grab one of those bungee cord chairs vs the metal ones in the back room.  If you can't find a table upstairs you must retreat to the dungeon of the basement which will probably help you get more work done as you'll spend less time people watching.  But it's not as friendly feeling with the lack of natural lighting.  

All in all chapterhouse is a great spot to get work done, admire the art on the walls, drink some coffee, people watch, and maybe even play a QUIET game of scrabble.
The coffee is good and the people were nice the few times I was there but the atmosphere is a little intimidating to me..I know some love it but I'm not a grad student or a hipster and just don't feel like I fit in here without headphones or a mac laptop.  No offense just not my scene!
Someday I will finish my comprehensive study of Philadelphia coffeehouses. In the academic paper I will write (to be published in the Journal of Caffeine Science and Sociology), I will rank the coffeehouses from best to worst. My study is only in its infancy, but I am certain that Chapterhouse will rank towards the top.

There are so many small touches that combine to give a whole greater than any of its parts. It's the subtle sub-division of rooms and spaces, the green space outside of the back room, the books and magazines,  the brightly lit (CLEAN) bathroom and even the myriad different coffee cups.

The coffee itself is solid, while I was there I had a triple espresso and a cup of brewed coffee. They have a $10 minimum for credit cards, so I didn't try any baked goods yet, but they looked good.

It had just the right mix of quiet and conversation for my study habits. I like a small buzz, but nothing too boisterous. The music was non-obtrusive, I didn't really notice it.

A+!
Chaperhouse is a wonderful place to sit with a book or a laptop (and your lapdog--yes, dogs are welcome!) and get some studying done; or to meet a friend for a laid back chat. 

Because so many people are here to study or do freelance work in the back room, you can sometimes feel that by talking you're interrupting their work. If you're here to meet friends, try and find a space in the front room.

Haven't tried the coffee, but the teas and cordial/lemonade type drinks are lovely, if a tiny bit on the expensive side. The decor is lovely and contemporary, the staff are great, and there's a peaceful atmosphere. 

I live in West Philly and sometimes walk my dog all the way here just because it's so lovely here. I plan to be back soon!
I was looking for a study spot in center city and found this cafe! LOTS of study space, including a downstairs space. WiFi everywhere and sunlight upstairs. Downstairs can be a little claustrophobic, but it's fine! Lots of outlets, which is also nice. 

They have some unique coffee options! I got the Dominican latte (which was really good just a touch sweet) and my boyfriend got the Melange latte (less sweet, more cinnamon). They also have smoothies and baked goods. 

Also, this is random but the chairs are basket-like and weird but comfy haha... will definitely be back!
Lovely, warm, & inviting are the perfect words to describe Chapterhouse. The whole layout of the place is great with it's arched white walls & comfy couches nestled right in front of a fireplace. This place is actually pretty big probably 15-20 tables. I took a spot int he back with a friend and ordered a Mexican Mocha ($4) which was de-licioouuss. It came in a huge ceramic mug with a little frothed milk leaf on top (aww). I downed it in a matter of minutes. They also have an assortment of tasty treats that I plan on trying in the near future.

This is a great place for quiet conversation, reading a book, or just killing time on your laptop.
I absolutely love this place: everything from the interior design, menu and location! It's in a quieter area so it's easy to do work, and has a somewhat minimalist design that just energizes all your creative juices for productivity. Their menu also has non-generic beverages. 

The place is absolutely beautiful and cozy. One of my favorite things about Chapterhouse is that it has two floors. The lower floor has board games, bigger tables and plenty of outlets. Despite the lower floor being a basement, it actually has pretty incredible natural lighting! Chapterhouse also has a collection of board games and books lying around, so it's perfect if you don't plan to come here by yourself too. It's close enough to public transportation, but far enough to avoid the hustle bustle of city noise. 

I'd recommend the honey bear! It's not exactly a small serving, but I always go through it pretty fast.
My favorite place to work in this area: coffee, outlets, wifi, and friendly staff. And their peanut butter cookies are deeeelicious.
I am visiting from Nashville and had been looking forward trying out this cafe, which is near my friend's house.

My friend and I both had the Spice Latte. For a $4.00 coffee beverage it was quite disappointing. She ordered hers sans cinnamon syrup. Both of us thought the drink was lacking any umph; the coffee factor was weak and the spices were just not enough. Essentially, it tasted very watered down. 

The space is lovely: spacious with comfortable tables and chairs, artwork for sale displayed on the walls, and wifi. The inner space is like a library, where you feel apologetic for speaking even in hushed tones. I prefer a cafe where you can chat with a friend without getting the stare down from over a laptop screen.  

The service was friendly.

Unfortunately, I cannot afford to spend $4.00 on ambiance alone, given there are plenty of alternatives that serve good coffee.
I wouldn't come here just for the coffee / food (there's so much better in town, but then again, we're very lucky here), but as a workspace, it's excellent.  There's so much room here to work and read!  Upstairs and downstairs, bar seating at the front window, lots of tables.  Great natural light, usually pretty quiet.  The coffee is totally decent (passes the test, and I'm picky), but not life-changing. The pastries are nothing special, kind of hit or miss.  Overall, this place definitely fills a certain niche in the coffee house scene, and I'll keep coming back.
this will be short, but not so sweet.  

if it were for the decor and quality of drink alone, i would give this place 4 or 5 stars.  it's nice enough to sit in once you get your drink.

BUT some of the people who work here are the meanest SOBs i've ever had the displeasure or interacting with in this city.  just plain rude and pretentious.  and blatantly so, as if boastful of their douche factor.  i'm not saying all of the employees act that way, but at the risk of having to deal with one who does seem to think that serving coffee to the public is one big popularity contest, i tend to avoid it as much as possible.

i would still go here before starbucks, but that's really about it.  ouch, no?
Chapter House is now in the tie for my favorite latte in the city.  Great coffee, lots of stuff on the menu and lots of seating in a great atmosphere.  I was caught off guard by the bungee cord seating in the front - very cozy.

I need to find out if they have Wifi - if they do they have officially unseated The Last Drop for my favorite coffee house in the city.
Everybody loves the Chapterhouse so this review may be a touch superfluous, nevertheless: truly exquisite coffee in a most agreeable setting.  Chairs are comfy, place is clean, baristas are talented, friendly, and fast, and the price is right.  It's kind of stupid how much better their coffee is than the other coffee shops.  (I'm usually just getting drip coffee but their espresso drinks are great too--can't speak for the frou frou drinks because I don't endorse that kind of behaviour.)

More on their great space, they showcase local art that's usually pretty good, and they never hang stuff for too long.  They have free wi-fi.  A lot of the same people are in there regularly so it feels homey.  Good natural light in the front AND the back.  Only downside to space is a lot of college and grad students go there to 'get work done' but then end up just talking loudly making it hard for you to either enjoy your friends, your work, your coffee, or what you're reading.  If you are one of those highliter-wielding inconsiderates, please stop.

Finally, there's pretty good food here too, which people often fail to endorse.  I have had all their sandwiches (there are only a half-dozen or so) and can report that they are all good, and the ones without meat are the best, even if you're a meat-eater like myself.  And their baked goods are slammin'.
Fantastic!

These folks get it right.  Perfect espresso.  Excellent drip coffee.  Friendly vibe.

If they offered a wider selection of food it's possible I'd never leave.
Have you seen Minority Report?

If so, imagine a coffeeshop in that movie - all white, yet somehow still comfortable. Furniture that is receptive to your body so that you can stay for hours. A soundtrack that blends the future with the past seamlessly. Delicious coffee drinks served in delicately modern cups and saucers. Art on the walls that pushes coffeeshop art to a new dimension. 

That coffeeshop exists, and it is Chapterhouse.

Even one of the owners looks like she comes from some filmmakers vision of the future - red hair coiffed in unorthodox shapes and black drapy dresses that have elements of hippy and goth but look like neither.

So if you ever need to take Samantha Morton for coffee in Philly, this is your spot.
Cute little coffee shop to get some work done or meet friends. We got the Nutella latte and black and white, both are definitely very sweet so if you're looking for a better balance I would go for something else. The flavor of the drinks are good though and with the crowd they attract it seems the typical coffee addict should be well appeased vs. Starbucks-level coffee beans.

The wifi is PAINFULLY slow. I would not come here to do any work that requires internet because you'll be sitting here for an eternity but if you need to write a paper, have a chat or just want to people watch then this is a great spot. There also aren't many outlets by the tables so come fully charged!
I don't even want to write another 5-star review for this place since I don't want it to get too crowded buuuuuut... let's be real, people already know that Chapterhouse is a fantastic spot to study. It's not too loud, the art here is always on point, and people generally come here with focus. The place is huge too, there is an entire downstairs space that is dead silent if you really need to get in the zone. Despite all the seating in here, Chapterhouse is always crowded on the weekends, so I like to claim my spot as early as possible! Add in vegan snacks and a large variety of tea and it's a pretty great place to spend an afternoon working.
What can I say that 70+ others haven't already? How can I possibly do anything better that someone hasn't already?

Well, good places in this city deserve a thumbs up, even if it's just one in a crowd. This is the perfect coffee shop I have been looking for. There are a lot of places I like but somehow they're always missing something. One place might have great coffee and a nice refill deal but no wifi, or another place has wifi and outlets but their food sucks. Chapterhouse has it all. It's big but not cavernous, it's wired but doesn't charge you for the privilege, coffee's good and refills only cost 50 cents, service is nice and they use real mugs and dishes. The food I've had there (usually a scone) is good and reasonably priced considering CC prices. There's art on the walls and reading material in case you need a break. The music's good and not distracting. There's a garden. There's a fireplace. It's clean and the chairs are comfortable. 

The single downside is they don't take credit cards for anything less than $10 at a time. I hate using cash, I'm aware of how credit card companies stiff small businesses etc. but I still hate cash. Otherwise, it's my favorite place in Philadelphia and the only reason why I'm not there every single day is it's relatively off my beaten path. I get so much done there it's unbelievable.
Affordable, good coffee, extensive menu, friendly staff, and plenty of space. 

The crowd here is usually a mixture of older people reading the paper, people meeting for business, people chatting, and people on laptops. 

The drink menu is pretty extensive, including sodas,  lattes, and smoothies. Their food menu is a bit smaller, but the great thing about this place is that it's all very reasonably priced. Their flavored latte menu is soooo good if you want to treat yourself to some sugar! 

There are lots of places to sit and different types of seating arrangements to choose from (couches, bar at the window, 2 seat tables, etc), but if you come at a busy time, you'll probably have to sit downstairs.

I don't know if they own the outside space, but it would be awesome if they fixed it up and put in some outdoor seating or a garden. It seems like a wasted space so I hope they do something with it soon.
I went to the cafe to study. The interior is very cute and cozy but is somewhat cramped. There was a lot of people there when I came by. It seemed like the staff was having trouble keeping up with the crowd and I had to wait quite a while for my order. Though I found it professional that the staff let me know ahead of time my order was going to be delayed.

As well, the WiFi information was nowhere accessible- it was not on any posters, stands or on the receipt. I had to physically go to a staff member and ask for the WiFi - which is something I normally don't like doing and definitely cuts back on the time of the staff who was already swamped with orders. 

I got the Apple Spice smoothie and it was very sweet and refreshing. Definitely a must-try, especially for the fall season. 

There weren't that many tables with outlets and some of the tables were wobbly. Furthermore, there was only one toilet from what I could tell and with the amount of people going in and out, it was definitely not going to be so clean down the line. However, the problem was the WiFi itself. It was so slow. It lagged so much that it couldn't even load a page. There were times when it worked but it was so brief. It was very irritating trying to do work with such a slow WiFi.

Honestly, the cafe was overcrowded and its facilities weren't the best. The only saving grace was their drinks. If you want to try out their drinks and maybe chill for a few minutes, it is a place to go but I definitely will recommend against coming here to study.
I freakin' love this place. My cousin took me here after walking forty (40) blocks in downtown Philly. We stopped in for iced coffees and I swear, it hit the spot! 

I love how they have local art on the walls and how spacious this place is. We sat by the window counter and people watched, listened to breakbeats and drum 'n bass. 

It reminded me of being in SF.
Hands-down my favorite study / laptop working / get ish done cafe spot in the city.  There are several rooms with different volume levels to work in and lots of natural light.  Baristas are super nice too.  Awesome neighborhood amenity :-) and worth the bike ride is you're coming from outside South Philly.
I had been going to Chapterhouse fairly regularly after moving out of Chinatown and being just a couple blocks down the street.    I really wouldn't go here again, with the way that the owners and workers here behave.
Excellent cafe for getting work done.  Space feels airy and spacious.  Staff is chill.  Everyone else looks like they're also working, so there's a good worky-work vibe here.  They also have board games if you need a break.  

The only downside is that they don't have a lot of options when I need some good solid food (not desserts, not snacks) to keep me going.
There are so many reasons to love Chapterhouse.  Beautiful interior space, amazing art on the walls, delicious coffee, great pastries and treats, clever coffee drink combinations, lush plants in the window.  Even the bathroom is amazing.  No joke.

The Dominican Mocha!  I didn't even know it existed until I tried one from Chapterhouse.  It is a spiced mocha with malted milk.  My other favorite drink would be the Peanut butter mocha made with real peanut butter.  The bagels are delicious, especially with the garlic-herb boursin spread.  The heavenly dessert bars are rich and decadent but worth the extra calories.  

I love the huge space in there, the big library of books and the comfortable seating.  All around thumbs up!
I have a confession to make. I have lived a half block from the chapterhouse for going on 3 years, and I had never been there. I do not know why. I've always been a starbucks girl, even though I know I shouldn't have. Even though I support local eating, drinking, marketing everywhere in the city, no CH....so why? well, I'm here to tell you I have no clue why. none. at. all. (it probably is because they're cash only, and until recently I never actually used cash, don't ask) 

However- we recently decided to go, and I don't think I ever needto step foot in Starbucks again. Because I love it here. 

I don't use the word love very often. my boyfriend knows this. I feel it negates it's meaning if you tell it to everything constantly. But I think I really love it here. I want to curl up in a chair and just stay. Which is sad because I generally go here the most when I'm already late for work and grabbing a latte to go. Their lattes are unlike anything I've ever had. The espresso they use is bold, yet mellow and not bitter at all. The soy milk they use (lactose and me we are not friends) is the tastiest soy milk I've had in many years as a soy drinker. 

The place is lovely. It really is. I need to spend some more time just hanging out here because I think I could find a nice home here. As so many other writers have said. I was at a Amanda Palmer show this past year and she was on stage talking about how much she loved it here. She's right. it's lovely, maybe that's what finally sparked the interest in going in. It was like ever since her show I kept thinking, I should really try this place. 

Anyway. I usually get a iced soy latte, or a black and white soy latte, or the iced coffee. I've seen the gorgeous things they do with the steamed milk going into the espresso, they truly are artists at the coffee bar. Basically, I think this is the start of a very nice relationship, hopefully it's as excited as I am about it.
