With the original Chart House and the first ones to follow, they were considered the place to go for great seafood!  They are all in locations near the water. This one is located in Penn's Landing, with a good sized free parking lot or front door valet parking. This is the only Chart House in Pennsylvania.
 
When you first walk in you are met on the central level of this restaurant.  Walking down the stairs will bring you into a large open feeling and welcoming bar and lounge with massive seating at tables or at the bar.  You will experience waterfront views and a more relaxed and casual dining experience than the patrons sitting two stories above.  I have done both several times, both are as eloquent as the other, but the lounge is more relaxed.
 
I come here for the clam chowder which is award winning and very good as is the lobster bisque, which is laced with sherry.  I like their spinach salad, with a warm bacon dressing, chopped egg, more bacon, mushrooms and radishes. The crab stuffed mushrooms are always a favorite of mine, but they are running promotions right now, so we decided to share the lobster roll, pricey but excellent and served with a tangy mustard sauce.  The tempura shrimp roll, wow, they certainly beat any display I have seen to date on this roll, wonderfully flavored and drizzled with two different sauces   
 
The stuffed jumbo shrimp and the crab cakes are my favorites for entrees.  I've had the filet mignon and although it is char broiled corn fed beef, it is a good filet, but not the best I have had. They are now featuring a filet and lobster tail, which was tempting, but I know my limits so, I had another promotional dish as my entree and I am so glad that I did. Six nice sized Szechuan shrimps served with an amazing kick and white rice.  This was an appetizer, but with all else that I had it was a perfect choice.
 
Hubby had the dry aged, corn fed and slow roasted Prime rib with au jus and loved it, he is so adventuresome!   We shared the raspberry creme brulee, which was a nice balance of sweet and just enough fruity tartness.  On the upper level they have a nice sized salad bar, which you can opt for as your entree or as your salad course. 
 
Happy Hour is Monday through Friday 4:30 to 7:00.  They offer three, four and five dollar appetizers, six dollar martini's, five dollar cocktails, four dollar glasses of select wines, four dollar well cocktails, three fifty for imported or specialty beers and two fifty for domestic bottles.  They are currently featuring a prix fix "distinctive dining deal" which we did print to take with us and hubby used it, but I passed after gasping at the other choices not included in this plan.  For twenty nine dollars you can have soup or a salad, select entrees with a side and dessert.  This offer is good Sunday through Thursday.
 
Service needs improvement, kitchen needs to learn how to handle a full house and the food needs to reflect the prices charged. The restaurant is beautiful, open and with great views no matter where you sit.  It has recently been renovated and they have expanded the upper dining area.  With so much going for it and so little effort put into bringing it all together, we need to have a meeting of minds.  My rating is minus one star for these reasons.  
 
I have been to this location several times when a great NE clam chowder calls my name, however I have been to much better Chart House's in Boston and Coronado, which is now the Boat House, they also own Peohe's.  I will return to this Chart House knowing before I walk in the door I will enjoy the food but the service from the entire staff will be hit or miss.  This location is open for dinner, seven days per week and Sunday brunch. Note: they do have an elevator for the handicapped.   

The Chart House wins many awards for it's scenic views, but it has been many years since they have won for their food and service.
SAVE YOUR MONEY!

Okay, okay, okay.  I have tried at least three times to give this place a chance.  

Now, back in the day, this was a really nice place to dine. The decor, back then, was nice.  The food, great and the lava cake, wow!  Now, all of it....womp, womp, womp. 

The last time I ate here, the BF and I decided to come here to celebrate a milestone.  The waiter could care less.  For real, dude, really!  He was so nonchalant, it was like to he wasn't even at work. He took our order then rushed off.  I'm sorry, I wasn't finished!  Anyhoo, he came back and I finished my order.  

Food came, it was ordered right, but it tasted so wrong! I couldn't believe it, I  kept saying, "I love this place!"  Then after a few more bites, I realized the problem, The Chart House had changed.  Such a shame.  

We finished our meal and on to the dessert..............LAVA CAKE *insert back flip here*  Up to the point of dessert, my dining experience was not good, but I did not care, I knew the cake would change it.  And at least I could still come for dessert.  Well, they cooked the cake to death, I mean back to death as it was never alive.  Poor cake and my poor taste buds.  That was it!

I was furious!!  We paid and left.  Oh, did I complain? No, never got a chance the waiter was gone in a flash.  That was fine with me because I'm good for writing a letter.  I went to the website as the Chart House is a part of a chain.  BLASTED them all over the place!  Yeah, I did it.  

I got a call from the manager.  I explained my dilemma, during this time people do not have money to spend $100 on a bad dinner, etc.  I was so surprised and dismayed.  Such a shame.  Yadda, yadda, scoop.  He said, "I've been manager here for three months now and we are not getting nearly as many complaints as we were before I started."  I said, "Oh, okay."  WHAT ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THAT!  He offered me a gift certificate, told me to ask for him, etc. 

After the call, I told myself it would be a cold day in hell before I went back there. These idiots do not know how to maintain a "fine dining" establishment, so no need to waste my time.

There is a light, can you see it?  The BF and I are in Baltimore a few times a year.  We bless The Chart House in Annapolis with our presence.  And I must say, they are always happy to see us. *smile*  The food is still good, there is a nice view, the decor is not as dated, the wait staff are experienced and friendly and the lava cake is the ultimate!
[1083]
2/2020

Plenty of parking at this Philadelphia location.  We used valet.

We had a table of 8 near the inside waterfall (?) which was nice as we can see outside.

We ordered a ton of stuff which we enjoyed most.  It was more a hit or miss.

The clam chowder was watery and boring.   The lobster bisque soup was tasty.   

Appetizers we ordered
The coconut crunchy shrimp was tasty
Shrimp cocktail was tasty.
Kim Chee Calamari was good
Oysters on the half shell was good
Crab cakes tasty
Charred Octopus - first time trying and I enjoyed it

Dinner - Shrimp and Scallops - $39.  WOW what a disappointment.  I can't believe I paid $39 for 3/4 shrimp and 3/4 UNDERCOOKED scallops.  I made my husband try the scallops ...  I'm so sad about this.  I WANTED to say something  but we were there for a birthday and I didn't want to spoil it.   The waiter saw I didn't eat much and wanted to wrap.  I wish he would have asked if it was ok because who doesn't wrap a $39 dish they don't eat.

Our servers (one was in training) were horrible.  Very nice young men but they were horrible.  They both needed to be trained.   Kept interrupting..  forgot soup spoon.. rolls were brought AFTER dessert.  ..water was forgotten..   twice coffee took forever and the standard line was "making a fresh pot" was code for I forgot.   

Anyway I won't be back.  I just don't see it unless we only come for appetizers.
The host here was so snotty. He urged us to go to another restaurant as soon as we arrived. As soon as we walked in he said "I think your group would be more comfortable at the restaurant across the street." He said there would be a wait but there were tables open. 

Our Australian friends jokingly asked if he didn't like Australians. He curtly replied "If I didn't like Australians you'd know about it." He was just rude.

One of us was Asian and there were mixed race children. Maybe he was racist. Who knows.

Sure we had kids with us, but so what? Others were eating with kids as well.

We went to another restaurant and had a great time.

He was working at 215pm on Sunday June 24th in case if his manager happens to read Yelp reviews...
The Chart House never disappoints, but I would like to see them keep up with the times a little better. The world of food is extremely competitive and you can have an upscale intimate restaurant experience at plenty of other places for less money that give you more food and offer more edgy and inspiring dishes. My family always defaults to the Chart House for special occasions and whatnot, and we're never disappointed, but they're mostly old folks. As a part of the younger crowd who eats out a lot and is always trying new places, I can see the Chart House backsliding in the industry. 

In terms of location, ambiance, and an intimate or romantic environment, you're going to be hard pressed to beat the Chart House. They have professionalism and the upscale dining experience down pat. The food is good, and the drinks were great, but I'd just like to see a bit more out of the menu and definitely more on the plate for the prices. This is 2017. If i'm going to pay over $30 for my entree, you had better believe I want to see more than 2 asparagus on my plate as the side veg...and I very seriously do not think that is unreasonable. 

Case and point: I think that the vast majority of people who frequent the Chart House do so for the environment. It's professional, it's classy, it's romantic, it's got a great view, and if you take someone there and foot the bill they know you spent a pretty penny. My criticism is that this just isn't enough to pull the weight these days. Your food has to be worth it. At these prices, it has to make me say "wow" and it just doesn't.
This was one of the slowest and irritating dining experiences I have ever had. We had a group of about 12 people and were at Chart House to celebrate a birthday. Most of the group has previously worked as a server or bartender, so we are pretty tolerant, but it was a terrible experience.  

The reservation was later in the evening and the restaurant did not appear busy. 
The server took over 45 minutes to bring water, drinks and bread to the table. It took another 45 minutes to get our orders. The server told us that everything would be slow, because they were backed up. We were enjoying company, and assumed it would be fine. Entrees did not come out until about 2 hours after we were seated. My food and my fiance's food was cold. One person did not even get her entree because they forgot to put the order in. She could not get what she originally wanted because they ran out of what she wanted. Her meal came out 30 minutes after everyone else's. 

We kept asking the server for refilled drinks, steak knives, etc. We had to ask several different servers to get anything that we requested. One person was forced to eat his steak with a butter knife. The service was slow and inattentive. We had to order a drink each time they came by with one, because it took a half hour to get a drink from the bar. At one point, the server told my friend he would not give her another drink because she had three glasses of wine in a 2 hour period. She was not drunk and was cut off without reasoning. 

After several complaints, the manager finally came by and apologized then asked what he should do. He agreed to take the cold meal off the bill. He did not take ownership of the situation, and the several other things that occurred, and did not come back after that to check up on us.

The server had such a difficult time separating the bill, we were there until after the restaurant was closed. The valet came up and said he was leaving and asked if these were our keys. He told the people who valet that they had to go get their own car. 

They were unable to split the check properly, so one person had to put the entire thing on a credit card and we didn't leave until close to midnight - over three hours after our reservation!

I will never eat there again, and I will tell anyone who is thinking about it about the slowest and most disorganized dining experience I have ever had.
We came here for our anniversary dinner this week and was less than impressed with well....everything. The main issue was that our server was a robot. No smile, no sparkle, no "I'm great, I deserve 18%" factor that I usually enjoy at expensive restaurants because lets cut the crap, you mainly pay for the service. Everything was rehearsed and I couldn't even understand a word he said because it was fast, mumbled and not clear. Even that  beautiful view won't make me come back here.

My Cosmo was $12 and not filled to the rim( how all Martinis should be). 

I ordered the filet medallions and stuffed shrimp for $35.99. I ordered my filet medium    And it was medium well (almost no pink). I was under the impression that medallions were whole pieces of filet. This was one filet sliced that honestly tasted like it had been sliced before it was cooked. Unless I want a stir fry, that's a no no. And.....not to mention the basic fact here that nobody eats a filet well done or slices it before you cook it. You ruined the natural flavor of the meat Chart House! It was tender but still had that underlying dryness that happens when you overtook a filet mignon. 

Overall the food was just okay. I wasn't impressed with anything. Not enough salt, natural herbs, I don't honestly but it just didn't blow me away. God if I have to pay $48 for a meal and cocktail, I want my socks knocked off.
Is giving less than 1 star an option? It should be!

Our intent was to have a nice and romantic dinner on the day prior to Valentine's Day to avoid the rush of restaurant crowds, so on the evening of Tuesday, February 13, my partner and I arrived at the restaurant at 7:30PM per prior reservations made by phone. When we arrived, we were promptly seated by the attendant at the reception counter. Upon being seated, we waited for approximately 15 minutes before our server, Alanna, came over to introduce herself and to take our drink orders. She was very pleasant and friendly; however, after taking our drink orders, we waiting for another 15 minutes or so for our coffee to arrive. Alanna then returned to take our appetizer and food orders, again another 20-25 minutes until our appetizers (Caesar Salad and Lobster Bisque soup) and bread arrived at our table. My date ordered stuffed flounder/Yukon Gold garlic mashed potatoes; I ordered shrimp and pasta. In the meantime, another party arrived at the table next to us; we could clearly hear complaints from that party to Alanna on the delayed service they were receiving, as well. She sincerely apologized to our table and to the other party about the long wait. When asked why there was such a delay, she mentioned that there was a rush of customers that didn't have prior reservations and because of this; the restaurant was short-staffed and didn't have enough servers to accommodate the extra, unexpected customers. We were a little annoyed with the response; however, we realized that this was not within her/restaurant's control. When my partner's Caesar Salad arrived, it was very wilted and drenched in salad dressing. We didn't complain, but he was only able to eat half as it was not very appetizing; however, my soup was very good. After finishing our appetizers and approximately 30 minutes later, Manager, John Park, stopped by our table to tell my date that the cook "wasn't feeling very good about how the flounder turned out." Huh? He then proceeded to tell my date that he could order any other fish which would be prepared in any way that he would like. My date is extremely particular about his food selections, so we were quite annoyed that it took over 45 minutes to find out that his food choice was not available, with a very insincere and nonchalant apology about what was happening. Mr. Park never offered to adjust our bill until we asked because at this point, the whole situation was unacceptable. When asked if he would provide any type of adjustment to our bill, his response was, "I'll take a look at it." Our guess is that the kitchen's supply of flounder was depleted. And even if this was the case, it should not have taken over 45 minutes to be informed that a food selection was no longer available - how is this good customer service? Again another 20 minutes to wait for his order (salmon/mashed potatoes) to be cooked, which of course delayed my food order. By this time, we'd been at the restaurant for over 2 hours. When our food was finally brought to our table by John, we were not very hungry due to filling up on coffee refills and appetizers and mostly due to the fact that our night was ruined by the experience at this establishment. He never stopped back to ask how the food was or if there was anything else he could do. We had after dinner plans that of course had to be cancelled due to this unfortunate occurrence. We thought about just leaving after the appetizers arrived, but had been impressed with prior visits to the restaurant and never imagined that something like this could occur at a high-end establishment such as the Chart House. When we received our bill, $18.50 had been deducted from the bill, listed as "Guest Relations". At the very least and to show good faith to valued customers, we feel that my date's entire meal should have been comped, not just appetizers! Needless to say, we will not be returning to Chart House, nor will we recommend family/friends to patronize this establishment. We will also inform the public of our experience via social media. We feel that communication and sensitivity training is in order for Manager, John Park, as his customer service skills are questionable and severely lacking.
Its one of those places which survives on the strength of its dazzling location; business dinners paid for on someones expense account; clueless South Philadelphians who think they're really dining upscale when they come here; the continued patronage of Philly's senior citizens; and a talked-about reputation of how-good-it-was-back-in-the-day. Yes, you can come here and get lots of fairly tasty seafood and it probably won't be too far wrong. I mean it is a seafood restaurant and there are standard procedures they're following as handed down from their chain HQ. For example, they've got one of the longest salad bars I've ever seen. But that doesn't necessarily mean the resulting salad is part of a high-end meal, get it?

The place is just a bit too big; too overblown; overproduced. The service and attention-to-detail is too slack where it really counts. There's nothing which is really special or going-the-extra-distance-for-you, as **an individual customer**. Its a factory-feeling-operation in spite of everything. Wonderful decor if you don't look to closely at the threadbare patches in the carpeting; the goldfish pond which has dingy, faded tilework. Plastic plants. That kind of thing. Mass-produced tables and chairs. Bottom line: if you want a generic 'big restaurant' and don't mind being treated as a kind of customer 'object' being processed through their system, you will have a good dinner. I'm not saying its a bad place--I've had good dishes and eaten hearty.  But its just not intimate, personal, or resonant.
Went here for a business function. Everyone was complaining about how much it sucked the year before, so I was somewhat prepared.

The only good thing was the filet mignon, the rest was forgettable. The lobster was dried out, the shrimp cocktail came with almost no sauce, I literally can't even remember what was for dessert it was so boring. Service was pushy.

This place is the worst kind- faux fancy with mediocre food. I have had a lot of seafood in my day, and this place is not good. Also, I thought the view sucked, but then again I think Philly, Camden and the Delaware River are all pretty ugly.
Ok today is review catch up day for me. I took my mother here on mother's day as her well deserved special treat. She was very happy with the choice!

I personally found the staff very courteous and helpful given the circumstances. They resteraunt was packed and you could tell they had a lot of walk ins. I of course made a reservation, but I didn't think I was doing something that unique being that it was for mothers day.

When we arrived 5 minutes early for our 7pm reservation. We were sat immediately. The server though didn't take our drink order for about 15 minutes, which she apologized profusely for. You could tell they were bombarded and not properly staffed. While I believe reservations are important, I also think the management should have taken better steps to staff accordingly for a holiday. I don't blame staff for this, but it did cost the establishment 1 star in the rating. 

We put our order in which the sever was very good about explaining speciality items and their signature dessert that is usually ordered early because of it 30 min prep time. We decided on which  2 shrimp cocktails, 2 prime rib mid rare with Yukon gold mashed and some veggie. Mom and I have similar tastes as you can see. 

Again there was a wait, about 30 minutes to get the shrimp cocktails, but god they were worth it. These shrimp weren't jumbo, they were like giant mutant shrimp. Huge, tasty and very very fresh. I don't remember the last time I had shrimp this fresh and tasty. 

The main course arrived about 40 minutes later (yes 40 minutes after the shrimp so we had been there almost an hour and a half at the point the main course was served). The prime rib was fabulous my mother and I loved it, but I will admit the meat was more on the rare side then mid rare, but we loved it and that's whats important. The potatoes were also delicious.

We had dessert which very good. I had the strawberry cheesecake and my mother had the creme brûlée . They were both excellent but the creme brûlée was absolutely out of this world. (I snagged a piece from mom).

The atmosphere is wonderful with great views of the ocean, it was loud chatter wise due to the large crowd but yet it was still peaceful. 

I highly reccomend this place, but you may need to have patience if they are busy.
Was brought here for my birthday dinner & I was impressed.  Ordered a spinach salad (which was huge & good) & crabcakes which were delicious. My hunni ordered a ceasar salad (huge & so good & I don't even like ceasar salads) & coconut shrimp . All the food was good. They sit you near window so you watch the water. Dimly lit so it's very romantic imo. Complimentary valet parking was a huge plus. definitely be going again
This restaurants literally deserves one star.

I came here for my close friends birthday about a year ago. The food was okay, I think my food was a little cold too. Anyway, my boyfriend surprised me with New Years Eve reservations because my birthday is actually on New Year's Day but something came up so we had to cancel.

The cancellation process was horrible. The restaurant opens around 4:30 so I called a little after and no answer. My boyfriend also a called and no answer. A little before 5'o clock I finally got an answer from a rude gentleman who I'm automatically assuming is the manager. He was talking to someone else as he answered my phone call and then replied "hello?!". I'm like "hi I would like to cancel a reservation." Then he said "For tonight?! You can't cancel tonight. We'll charge you $125 per head. What's your credit card number?" Then I put him on hold and spoke to my boyfriend about it. We were both mad because we used open table to book our reservation and online it said we had until 5pm to cancel. I returned to my phone call and explained to him what I read online, and then he replied with "You have to cancel 72 hours before hand" ... But we made the reservation less than 24 hours ago. What a scheme. So I said "okay. And hung up". About a few minutes later we tried calling again repeatedly and of course no one wanted to pick up. Until a young lady answered the phone, we told her again that we wanted to cancel our reservation and she kindly replied "okay! No problem." Then we asked her if we will be charged and she said "no". 

So what the crap? One rude man says no and says we have to pay $125 per head. And then some nice lady says yes and free of charge.

I will never come back to this restaurant.
I went out with a coworker from Germany to start the long Memorial Day weekend. The evening started promising. Both of us got really delicious Oysters.
My coworker decided for fish meal and I ordered a filet mignon 9oz.
The drinks and Oysters came very fast and the waitress was really friendly.
Our main dish took around one hour. The fish looked good but was really dry (maybe a sauce would help).
The steak was ordered medium rare but served well done, no red color or juice.
I informed immediately the waitress and she took my steak and promised to fix the issue. 
5 minutes later she asked my coworker if she should keep the fish warm that we can enjoy our dinner together. 
I took around 50 minutes until I received my second steak, hopefully cooked correctly. In the meantime no snack or drink to reduce the waiting time was offered. 
Unfortunately,  the severed was the opposite. Almost rare, it looked almost like Sushi (red/raw). The warmed up fish and vegetables were cold.
After 2 hours we decided to eat before wasting another hour......how difficult is it to cook a medium rare steak - i can do it!
When the check was provided,  the waitress was happy to tell me the bill shows two steaks but she is happy to tell me that one was cancelled and for free. I didn't get this part, but ok.
We asked for a discount based on our bad experience.
The waitress asked her manager and the check was reduced by the steak. We were not happy with this solution and asked to talk to the manager. The manager of the restaurant came to our table. Instead of starting with an apologize or friendly word he was looking reproachfull to us.
He cannot understand how we can ask for more discount. We got already the steak for free. There was no friendly word. It sounds like our fault that we ate the raw steak and cold fish instead of complaining and spending another hour. 
He tried to argue and was impolite. He walked away with the check and the waitress brought a new one with discount of one dozen of Oysters.
Finally, it was not because of the money but the whole service and behavior is scaring me.
I am afraid to come back.
I don't understand why this place has only 2 1/2 stars. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday this past weekend and I really enjoyed it. 

Due to COVID, there was only outdoor dining. Which I didn't mind at all! The scenery was great, almost felt like I was in Seattle it something. And Charthouse did a great job with social distancing the tables. However, when walking through the restaurant the set up of the place was breathtaking. Love the elegant feel with the indoor waterfall. 

We had amazing service from our Server Tarimah. She was the sweetest. Fun fact: Did you guys know their kitchen is on the 3rd floor and your servers have to go up there to get your food? Please show your servers appreciation, it's hard out here!

Both my boyfriend and I got the 3 course meal priced at $41 p/p. It comes with a soup/salad, prime rib, and lava cake. We both got Lobster Bisque. It was fresh, light and tasty. This was my first time having prime rib and I wish I had more of an appetite to enjoy my food, but it was a nice size and cooked to my liking (medium rare). The lava cake was huge! So rich and even enough for two to share.

We definitely will be returning to try some different food next time. Thank you to the Chartbouse staff and our server Tarimah for making our visit a very pleasant one during these chaotic times! :)
To be blunt, this is a terrible restaurant.  We went here for nice dinner out one evening.  The space is very nice, but feels worn and not as clean as a fine dining establishment should be.  We ordered drinks and they were very ok.  Also ordered an appetizer.  That took 30 minutes, and was something they would prep before dinner anyway, just a stack of cold items.  Ordered dinner at the same time and it came out in reasonable time.  My plate had a portion of fish in one side and strange pyramid of rice in the other, with a ring greasy juice around the edge.  Strange plating to be sure and not very enticing.  My wife's was similarly odd.  My swordfish was overdone and the blackened seasoning way too salty.  My wife was served the toughest piece of fish I've ever tasted.  No lie.  We sent her mahi back so they could try again, but the second was just as tough and very salty.  

This was the worst meal we've had in Philly in years.  Mahi is one of our favorite fishes and we get it often, I can't even imagine a chef letting food like we were served out of his kitchen.  Not that it matters, but even the asparagus was terrible, they don't even remove the woody part of the stalk.  There are better places to get seafood in Philly.  The view is nice, but just go to the harbor park for that.
Chart House is cool, I just think we may have gone at a weird time, because things seemed a little disjointed and lackluster. It was that weird time of pre-dinner rush prep or shift change or something. It didn't REALLY bother us, as we were just looking to kill time and get a quick bite before heading to the Purple Rain in the park event, so we weren't exactly looking for the fine dining experience. Not that thats an excuse for THEM, just saying it didn't really rock our boat like it normally would have. We came in and were told to sit anywhere and that someone would be with us. Well, we did just that, taking a seat in the dining area overlooking the water, in the weird little swivel chairs, but no one came. After maybe 7-8 minutes, we decided to just go over to the bar and sit. The bar is ALSO weird in that you have to kind of step DOWN into it. We sat at the end of the bar, where we at least got service. I had to ask for something to wipe the bar down, as it was a sticky mess, and the bartender came over and cleaned it for us. We ordered; bar/finger foods and a few drinks. Again, this was basically a layover, waiting for the main event. Our food came, and was fine, but there was a sauce that was supposed to come with our food and when it finally came, there was maybe an teaspoon of sauce in a ramekin. We asked for, you know, a NORMAL amount of sauce please, and it turned into a whole thing. It was the busboy who handled the whole thing, not the bartender, and he was NONE too happy about having to go get more sauce, which we found out, there was no more of anyway. It actually got a little dicey, as you could tell he didn't really want to waste his time getting us sauce, my wife didn't really want to deal with him not wanting to do his job. We got through it, but it did make things a little uncomfortable for a minute. Also, I had to grab my own silverware from the pile that the bartender had been rolling. Hmmm....maybe I should drop my review. 

Eh. Like I said, I'm willing to give the Chart House the benefit of the doubt. I went in not expecting much, and boy did they deliver on THAT expectation, but this may have just been an off day for them. I'd expect a lot more if I came for a sit down dinner with the Misses. The view of the water is nice too, if thats your thing. I'll update when I give them another crack at it.
I hate to have to write a negative review... As I am very tough to disappoint, but our experience at Chart House last night deserved this. I will preface by saying I've served in restaurants and still continue to work in the service industry going on 8 years now. I know a thing or two about how to treat customers. 

Well after a long week, my boyfriend wanted to treat me to a nice dinner out in philly on a Saturday night. We both work until 7:30pm on Saturdays, so he called to make a late reservation. 10pm to be exact. The website states that they're open until 11pm. Listen, I understand not wanting to be at work late taking care of people.. I deal with it too. But not when they have reservations. If it was such a problem to seat us so late... Why allow us to make the reservation? 

We walked in at 10pm for our reservation... First the valet boy runs over anxiously asking if we had a reservation to which we replied yes we do... Then said "oh well then we've been waiting for you!"  Now I didn't think anything of it.. In fact I thought he was just kidding. Turns out he wasn't because then some older man who appeared to be the manager says he was waiting for us and we're their last reservation and was about to call to make sure we're still coming. Are you kidding?? We weren't late. I shot my boyfriend a look like "seriously? We're gonna stay after this?"  

The hostess was rude too... On her phone... Acting like it was such a chore to seat us. At this point we just walked out. We couldn't have felt more uncomfortable. It's a shame that I cannot even review the food because we had heard great things but after this experience we definitely will never patronize your restaurant. 

You would think a restaurant this nice would know a thing or two about how to treat their patrons.. Who have no problem spending some money on a nice night. Shame on you Chart House.
Not a great experience. Went for Happy Hour. Waitress brought me the wrong beer and gave me an attitude when I asked her to swap it out, so I agreed to drink it.  When the bill came she charged me an extra $3 and told me the beer I drank was not on the happy hour special.  I am not so concerned about the $3 as I am the way I was treated. Food was okay. View was great. 

This was my first time there and probably the last.  When I walked in I was surprised to see it so empty, but now I know why.
I have never had so poor a service in all my dining experiences!
My boyfriend and I made a reservation on Sat. the 22nd of August at the ChartHouse, for 6:30pm. We had never been before and we're excited to try something new. We entered the establishment and saw two hostesses; one filing her nails, the other not paying us any attention. The hostess who was filing her nails looked up and asked "Can I Help You", as if l there was some other reason we came in to the restaurant! 
We sat down and several minutes later was greeted by the waitress; everything seemed ok at first. My boyfriend and I were enjoying each other's conversations when we realized 50min had gone by and we had yet to receive our appetizers..and in all that time hadn't seen our waitress either. Finally the app shows up, and a few minutes later our waitress arrives with a whole lot of excuses brought with her. We were hoping this would be the last of any problems, since my boyfriend and I don't get to go on dates often ( we live in separate states). However, it didn't end there...another 30min went by...no entrees!
My boyfriend was starting to fume, so I decided to find out what was going on with the food.. I found a manager, who had me follow him upstairs to the kitchen, only to find out that the meals had gone out a few minutes before. The manager brought me back downstairs, and with a wave of his hand said "sorry for the delay", as he walked off. Little did I know that my boyfriend had also called for a manager, but no manager came back from his request. Our server then showed up with more excuses, and seemingly flustered that we had contacted a manager. My boyfriend just asked her for the check and the dessert. She even mentioned that she would get the dessert on the house for us. However, my boyfriend didn't want any discounts, and stated that he would again just like the check and the dessert right away! Another 20min went by and neither were brought out. We then called on the person in charge of this establishment. He listened to everything my boyfriend had to say and tried to appease us, asking us to give the establishment a second chance. For my boyfriend the damage had been done. He and I never wanted to step foot in any Chart House establishment again!
Sad to say the location did not live up to the hype!  I was sadly disappointed.  Many people told me that this was THE spot to go for great seafood...WORNG!

When you walk in the ascetics of the restaurant are amazing.  Pure beauty greats you as you make your way through the door.  That, unfortunately, was where my good experience ended.  With a reservation it took the hostess ten minutes to seat us, even though there were only a few tables being used.  The hostess, who you would think would be warm and inviting was everything but.  I almost felt as if we were interrupting her night.   Last I checked OpenTable (the computer system used for reservations) did not have games or facebook, so What were we pulling you away from?  

Our server, couldn't tell you his name because he did not give it to us (maybe he was in the witness protection program and had to keep it to himself?),  was just alright.  Nothing special about the level of service.  He did make one or two suggestions, but of course they were the most expensive items on the menu...probably trying to build his check total, rather than suggest something truly delicious.  As a server myself, I did not feel as though he deserved a 20% tip for his service (  even though that is what we left him).  The manager came by the table to check on us, and he came off as being just as useless and clueless as the server was.

The food was the worst part of the experience.  Our bread came out hotter then our appetizer.  That started my meal in a negative light, and we all know once things start going wrong they just build on each other.  The biggest complaint I have is that EVERYTHING was bland.  There was a lack of flavor and seasoning in each and every dish.  I think I might have actually enjoyed a meal from Red Lobster more than I enjoyed my food from The Chart House.  Not at all worth the money we paid!

I will go back, but only for drinks at the lounge, and to take advantage of the fantastic view.  I would never pay to eat there again.
Bad (like none) beer selection.  Coworker got sick on the lobster tail.  Small salad bar.  The $40 filet tastes like something you'd get at TGI FRIDAYS...with soy sauce and cold mash potatoes.  No thanks!!

Pass this place...every time.
This place is absolutely horrible. Terrible service.  And who knows about the food .... it never came.  My BF and I came for Sunday brunch and didn't have a reservation but there were many seats in the lounge area, serving the same menu.   We waited for at least 10 minutes to get menus; after 30 mins got 2 drinks (waitress forgot water, which we asked for twice), and the food order was a debacle.  We ordered the Wicked Tuna appetizer and after asking twice and a waitress whose disappearing act could rival Houdini, we decided to forego the food and terrible service for somewhere that would actually pay attention and serve us.  We asked for the check twice, waited 10 minutes, then never saw the waitress again.  Went up to the bar to pay so we'd have change to tip the waitress (it wasn't going to be a huge tip, nevertheless i always tip servers), and the guy was rude and wouldn't help us.  At that point, the cash  went on the bar to pay the tab in full and we left.  And we will never return.  And I will tell everyone I know what a disgusting, overpriced, piece of crap this place is.  I can't believe they are still in business.
I went here for an engagement party/brunch today, and this place was nice, but it didn't knock my socks off.  The room we were in was very nice - first floor of the 3-story restaurant, with large windows overlooking the (polluted) Delaware River and doors that led onto a deck overlooking the water if we so desired to venture out there.  There wasn't much space to mingle, though, because the tables took up most of the room, so everyone pretty much stood awkwardly until it was time to sit for brunch, and mostly we spent much of that time trying to get out of the way of the waitresses and other party guests who were trying to squeeze by.  For this portion of the party, they offered a punch bowl full of mimosas, which no one was sure actually had alcohol in it or not.  Weak mimosas are not a good thing in my book.  

Then it came time for the actual brunch.  A manager came out and told us all to be seated, and then he told us that we had to stay at our tables until a waitress came and took our place cards, which had our pre-ordered food selections printed on them.  Only after the waitress came to get our food selections could we leave the table to go upstairs to the salad bar.  Okay, seemed fine enough.  Until my table sat there for an hour waiting to get our salads.  We finally asked a waitress whether we'd been forgotten, since all of the other tables had their salads and were finished eating them already.  She assured us that we hadn't been forgotten, that it just takes a while to get everyone through the salad bar.  So we said okay and waited again.  Finally, the other tables started getting their full courses delivered, and another waitress noticed that we had no food, so she asked if we'd given our full course orders yet.  She seemed worried.  So I think the first waitress fibbed to us.  Finally, about 10 minutes after that, a different waitress came and took our orders and let us go to the salad bar.  Which was picked over.  By then, I was beyond hungry, so I didn't get much from the salad bar anyway, but they could have at least refilled the lettuce and bacon bits bowls after they made us wait so long.

At last, after 1 p.m. (a full two hours after the party started), after most of the other tables had finished eating and were getting coffee, our poor table of 11 people finally got its brunch meals.  I got the crab cake, which was really, really good.  It was mostly lump crabmeat and not that crappy bread filler that a lot of people use.  So the meal started looking up.  However, the people at my table who got the prime rib were not pleased because it was too raw and too fatty, and the girl with the shrimp omelet said it did not taste good.  

In all, this was a nice place, and I'm sure that the service is better if you just go for a normal meal out rather than for a catered event.  But leaving people sitting so long without food while everyone else is finished eating is just poor planning.   If they had the waitresses just serve salads to everyone instead of using the salad bar, everyone could have gotten their salads way quicker.  

My final score:  1 stars for service/poor logistical planning, 4 stars for my food, 3 stars for others' food, and 4 starts for location/decor = 3 stars total.  So this place was nice, but not the best place ever.
The Charthouse has been a favorite of mine since I was a kid and my parents brought me here for birthday dinners. I still love it. I haven't been here for about a year and we came on a Wednesday evening for date night. 

I will begin by saying the valet gentleman was the nicest I've ever encountered! He was very polite, friendly and approachable. I hate leaving my car with a valet driver but in this case, I didn't mind (as much as usual). It was a nice way to start the evening to have someone kind and not rude. 

The hostess was very nice. We had reservations and requested a window seat which we got. I didn't care for the side we were on because we were seated right near the salad bar. I did ask to be moved down one table at least so we weren't in the walkway. She did this without grumbling. I still prefer the side closer to the bridge but it wasn't bad. The views at the Charthouse are just so beautiful. It really makes the experience. 

Our server was a little odd if I'm being honest. It was a bit off putting. She made us a little uncomfortable. I wouldn't look forward to being seated in her section again. 

The food was good. We started out with soup. I had the clam chowder which was packed with clams. My boyfriend had the lobster bisque which wasn't as good. He said he wished he got the chowder. It actually wasn't even hot which was disappointing. We were sad that they switched up their yummy honey butter with plain old regular butter. The rolls were warm, though which is always good. I got the scallops which were served over wasabi mashed potatoes with Asian green beans on the side. The scallops were cooked well. There could have been more wasabi cream sauce and less Asian sauce...for me.  I didn't really care for the green beans. They were ok. Just not great. The sauce tasted a bit like cleaning solution which is what I don't like about some Asian sauces. I know that's a personal preference, though. The one disappointing thing is that nothing on my plate was very hot. It was just warm. I believe this to be because my boyfriend got a MW steak and my food was probably sitting there waiting for his. He enjoyed his. We shared creamed spinach. That was the hottest thing we received. It burned my mouth. Pretty good but not fantastic. I actually prefer green giant's. Lol. 

We topped our meal off with the world famous molten lava cake. Very delicious! I highly recommend it to anyone dining there.
Yes..like many of the yelpers, this was the quintessential place to dine in, superb look, service was great outside-valet, as well as food-YEARS AGO!!. It has been Many, many years since they have done either one. The decor is old, since I went-nothing been remodeled or changed, & the food, ICKKKK! dry, or overcooked.The service not how it used to be.I was not impressed when I went back with some friends.Pity..this was place for nice dates, special occasions..now-its just empty rotten shell.
During my 6th grade year, my teacher remarked to my parents that I was a diligent student filled with promise and potential. There was no reason I shouldn't get straight A's if I applied myself. I finished the year with 1 A, 3 B's, and a C. My experience at the Chart House was eerily similar...filled with promise and hope but ultimately characterized by regret, disappointment, and that feeling when you ask a cute girl to dance but wind up sitting where the other kids throw their coats.

The Chart House offers some pretty impressive dining views.  Being able to overlook the Delaware while eating, with the city skylines providing additional scenery created a potential for terrific ambiance. That's where ambiance ended and ordinary began. The music was non existent and the decor appeared to not have changed since 1985. But hey...it happens. Our server was present. At times. If she had given us a nasty attitude, it would have at least let us know she had some sort of emotional connection to us, her job, or both. However, she did bring our food and drinks in a timely manner...so there was that.

There were no specials. On a Friday. At a supposedly almost-trying to be-upscale restaurant. No worries. It happens. We ordered 6 oysters, 2 salad bars, a filet/lobster tail combo, and the Indian Summer Mahi. I added a crab cake because, hey....it's Friday. The oysters were okay. It's hard to screw up raw oysters. They were fresh if not a bit gritty. No mignonette sauce, had to mix my own cocktail sauce. Again, no big deal. Arriving at the salad bar, I felt like I was transported back to a Sizzler. I've seen better salad bars at chain restaurants. Heck, I've seen better salad bars at bar bars.  Seemed like a heck of a lot of nothing special for $6 extra. The spring mix was wilted. There were little choices by way of toppings and I'm pretty sure the anchovies came over on one of Columbus' ships. To give credit where credit is due...the steak and lobster were cooked beautifully.  Both were the shining stars. The Yukon gold mashed should have been called Yukon gold roasted...I don't think they put them through a mixer, blender, grater, or possibly even a knife. My mahi was pretty good. Seasoned and cooked well,  it could have used a little more sauce. The cauliflower should have been cut a little better...an entire head doesn't make for easy eating. However...the biggest dud was the crab cake. Listen...I get crab cakes are basic. But you're supposed to be a legit restaurant. Like, high quality. Don't give me a frozen, previously made crab cake, sprinkle 4 or 5 shreds of lump on top, and feel that's okay. I'd bet my next paycheck they are pre-made, pre-cooked, and pre-packaged. If the Flyers were any good at hockey this year, they could have used it as a puck. The bisque I get from Wawa in a pinch had more crab inside than this crab cake. 

All told, for what was ordered plus 2 drinks, the bill was just under $175. Seemed a little steep given the quality, but at least the views were great. I just felt like those Members Only coats; outdated, disregarded, and disheartened by the experience.
Chart House dinner was fabulous and service was outstanding!  The ambiance is amazing as the  restaurant sits on the water with an amazing view. For dinner, we ordered the Lobster Tails,  Calamari, Red Snapper, and Crab Cake everything was delicious.
Went to the Chart House for a special birthday dinner with friends. Overall it was a disappointing experience. The location is amazing. However, the restaurant itself needs a complete renovation, or at the very least a good cleaning. It is dark and dingy inside, with threadbare carpeting, scuffed paint and tired wallpaper. The lighting fixtures appear to be from the 70s. What a shame for such a prime location. 
Our food was pretty good, but not consistent. While the fish we ordered was great, the sides were lukewarm. My soup had a rice noodle floating on the top. Not a typical ingredient for New England Clam Chowder. My friend's salad had a hair on the plate and we didn't even get apology from the staff when she sent it back. 
My husband and I ordered their signature Chocolate Lava Cake for dessert. While the flavor was great, there was not a molten center. It was very over cooked. 
On top of all of this, the service was terrible. For a restaurant that was not even close to full on a Friday night, we would expect more attentiveness from the staff. 
It will be a long time before I think about visiting the Chart House again.
There's a special place in my heart for the Chart House. Growing up, we would drive to the Malibu location for special occasion dinners, and the Mammoth location was like a godsend after a long day of skiing. So, every time I walk into a Chart House now feels like a celebration, vacation, or both.

I wasn't sure how I'd feel about a Chart House on a river as opposed to the ocean, although now that I think about it the Mammoth location doesn't overlook any body of water... but I digress. The river views did not disappoint. It's pretty neat-o that you can sit in the bar sipping a cocktail and looking out at that phenomenal view. And the food was solid, as usual. I missed the pretzel bread that they normally serve, but my scallops were oh-so-yum and so was everything else I tried... anyone who's been to any location of the Chart House obviously knows what to expect.

#1 tip, as always, is to ORDER THE LAVA CAKE! It's worth it, trust me. Don't forget to order it when you order dinner!
I have eaten here 4 times in the last 3 years.  But now something is seriously wrong with the management.  We ordered two meals, both meat dishes with sides.  The salad had a sweet Asian dressing as the house.

I'm not fan of sweet, but it wasn't bad.  When the entrees came the meat had a sauce and it was also very sweet.  I'm used to that with lamb, but now getting a little sick of the sweetness.  I tried the Jasmine rice.....OMG, sweetened so heavily, I am not exaggerating when I say it was equivalent to scoop of ice cream.  It was inedible, no chef would think this was ok.  The staff was nice but you could tell they won't tell the kitchen.....or management.  I complained nicely and left a full tip even though nothing came off the bill.

Looks like toxic management to me
Have to say... Terrible. Haven't been here in 10 years and wasted a nice Saturday night. Salad bar would have fit in a hospital cafeteria, steaks mahh and lava cake was over cooked. Waiter didn't know what a double cappuccino was. 
Never again, don't waste your time.
I would have given them a higher review but I was not happy with the service. While the food (shrimp and artichoke dip and Alaskan crab legs) were amazing. The service was mediocre. My guest and I say there for about 15 minutes without anyone greeting us or acknowledging us. All the while, the people around us (who were seated after us) was enjoying their food and drinks. After the waitress finally acknowledged is and took our order, I asked to speak to the manager. His LAME excuse made me believe that I do not want to visit there again and he's an awful manager (aren't guest always right?). He made some lame excuse as to why we were overlooked. Is there ever an excuse for being overlooked?  I give the food 4 stars while I give the manger a half a star
Granted we went on Christmas Day, but a restaurant in business this long should know how many patrons they can actually serve and not allow over-booking, especially on a holiday.  Waited 1 hour to be seated (for our 6pm reservation -- early, because some in our group had to travel early the next morning); half an hour more 'til drinks arrived; another half hour 'til our ordered-immediately appetizers arrived (waitress said one was "stolen" by another server for her table); another 40 minutes for dinner entrees.  But, the saving grace was that we had a pleasant, attentive-enough server who might have been more alert if they had fed her at all during her very long shift. (It was 7pm and she had no food all day! I'm surprised she didn't faint.)  Very, very traditional, old-school seafood restaurant (that is, your great-grandparents would recognize and be comfortable with the menu).  Slight attempts to add interest with Asian inspired sauces, macadamia encrusted Mahi-mahi with a thin peanut sauce was good. They have a separate printed gluten free menu (view on-line) -- but not a single dish is modified to a GF version, just extrapolate those few dishes that are prepared without wheat to begin with.  (No confidence the waitress would have protected allergic diners once alerted to issues -- not trained in how serious this is, although she was a nursing student who plunked the basket of bread in front of our celiac!)  Essentially NO accommodation or skill put into vegetarian offerings.  (Have hummus appetizer or salad bar, or pasta with cheese because they have no idea there are many other sources of protein that are far healthier and tastier.)  The menu is traditional steak and seafood fare, just as it's been offered since the 70s.  Shrimp Cocktail (which were, on this day, very large, not overcooked to hardness but properly cooked and still moist with a very zingy cocktail sauce -- which pleased some in our party and put off those in their 80s).  East-meets-West appetizer offered seared "sushi-grade" tuna plantain chips in the middle, and a tuna tartare (actually kind of a ceviche with finely diced cubes of raw fish with onion) and a wasabi cream sauce which was all excellent and a bit large for one person's appetizer -- sharing is recommended (esp given the price).  Prices overall were very high. Those who ordered the 8oz filet were happy with temperature and texture. (I thought the side of "sautéed mushrooms, recommended by our chef" were grotesquely overpriced at $8 for barely warmed button mushrooms with little flavor.) Glanced at the Salad bar but not worth the space for this straight out of 1970s offering, without a creative or enticing ingredient in sight.  (If we'd known it was another 40 minutes to any food, we'd have gotten at least one to share and nibble.)  Creme brulee was tasty, Molten lava cake (order 30 minutes in advance so, when entrees arrive) was scarfed up and enjoyed -- especially by the hungry vegetarian who was not impressed with the balled mounds of hummus or the tri-colored pasta which he felt tasted like a cold summer pasta salad warmed up (vinaigrette sauce and all).  He did not eat more than a few bites of either, yet server did not offer to remove from check.  (She did offer, at the end of our meal while clearing, to replace it.  Umm, no. That would keep already weary people waiting another hour for that to arrive.) Kitchen production was way too slow to even contemplate a correction.  

The meal might have seemed much better if we were seated and served in far less time.  From arrival, 4+ hours to dine -- their pacing, not ours -- was torturous.  

Management should have regularly greeted everyone in their waiting area (which had only two seats and 20 people waiting, unless you succumbed and went to the bar.  At the end of our hour's wait, management approached a couple who had just arrived and who expressed alarm at the prospect of the 45 minute wait the hostess mentioned (she'd told us 15 minutes, so good luck to them).  He offered them free appetizers out of the gate while we stood, propped up and crippled against the wall marveling at the random treatment.  If that was how they were to quell bad feelings, it should have been even-handedly offered as soon as people were seated -- with the hostess authorized to apologize for the wait, offer the free apps or drinks, and wish a happy holiday on behalf of management.  

The place was packed, but it was not noisy at all.  Conversation was easy.  (There was also no music -- holiday or otherwise. No table decorations.  A few Poinsettia plants were the extent of Christmas -- oh, and one or two servers had Santa hats on, which was cute.  The view of the bridge, the Delaware, and the lights of Camden were nice, glistening on the water.  We had a LOT of time to look at it while waiting for food service!  We thanked every server for working today, and tipped well but, oh gosh, this place needs a shake-up from menus to house management.
Food was definitely overrated. So was the experience.  It was nice being on the water, and the restaurant decor was nice, but it just wasn't all that great.  Service seemed annoyed the entire time like we were asking the waiter to do more than what his job entails.  High prices don't match the quality of the food, nor the service.. Oh well.
I came here expecting a high class dining experience. However, I found myself a bit disappointed. The view was extremely pretty. The food was good, but not extraordinary in any way. The server was nice enough, but he wasn't particularly outstanding otherwise. 

The part that really got my goat, however, was the long wait for my food. There was barely anybody at the restaurant, but it still took a full hour for the appetizer to arrive. It took at least another thirty minutes for the entrees to appear. When they did, I was mildly disappointed. The food was not worth the exorbitant price tag attached to it. The most dismal part of my experience , however, was the fact that they ran out of their world famous mud pies. I was really disappointed and shocked. Overall, I do not recommend this restaurant because it fails to live up to its high price tag.
When my Wife and I pulled up to The Shart House, we were greeted with a nice valet who opened her door and parked our car for free. We walk into a nice clean atmosphere, where the hostesses and waitresses looked like they just got done dancing on polls... We were seated and our server seemed a little "strange" I proceeded to order the Oyster Rockefeller, and they were out. So we settled on the calamari and clam chowder. The chowder didn't arrive until dinner along with our drinks, the waitress poured my corona into a frosty mug, but not before spilling most of it onto the floor. During dinner, my Wife and I overhear the waitress comment about how her boyfriend reminds her of the husband of the couple sitting next to us... That was really strange to us... Then the waitress brought me another beer but not before forgetting to ask my Wife is she would like another drink.... I was able to get the waitresses attention and order my Wife another beverage. We finally got dinner and my Wife's steak was still mooing and they had forgot to bring her asparagus, then asked my Wife if she wanted steak sauce when she had already finished 3/4th of it. However, Wile sitting and enjoying our date night, the waitress kept trying to engage in pointless conversation with my Wife and I, along with asking us every three minutes "how everything was, and telling us how 'delish' it is". We had ordered the 'lava cake' for desert when we ordered dinner because it takes 30 minuets to prepare. When our dinner plates were removed we started the wait for desert.. The waitress obviously forgot to put the order in, and kept telling us one more minuet, and that they were getting fresh ice cream... 
Our waitress was the downfall of this establishment to a otherwise nice place. Props to the Chef and Baker. 
For a $150 meal I would expect our bread crumbs to be "scraped" off the table linens.
If you are looking good food-Red Lobster is a better choice.  If you are looking for ambiance-this place is really nice.  The service was okay, although it took a little while to get drinks. The martinis were so-so and the vodka cranberry was weak.  They make a big deal over a chocolate cake that you have to order 30 minutes ahead of time but the cake is small and every chain restaurant in the world serves something like it. All in all, the only reason I  would eat here again is for the ambiance.
My bf and I are just returning to our hotel after having dinner at chart house. We were celebrating his birthday. We are giving it 5 stars because the service from our waiter Susan was wonderful. She was friendly, witty, and very attentive. The food was also good I had the filet with lobster and crab sauce on top with mashed potatoes. My bf had the coconut shrimp. For dessert we ordered the lava cake which was ridiculously amazing. We had the kimchi calamari for an app. The icing on the cake is the view. We were sat by the window and had a beautiful view of the river. I can't imagine what it would like if it was day time.

We are just visiting philadelphia but when we return we will make it a point to visit chart house again.
"fine dining?" what a joke! first off, the decor and general atmosphere is really dated and cheesy. i went here with a couple friends for drinks and appetizers. the waitress was rude, spilled our drinks on the table, didn't know what was in a dirty martini (and then brought me a regular vodka martini anyway), and the calamari was old. by old i mean really fishy. we stopped eating it for fear of food poisoning. the hummus was okay but how can you F up hummus? there are SO many other restaurants in philly any one of them would be better. if you MUST eat down at penn's landing, go next door to the moshulu.

also, the dress code is pretty loose. i was dressed casual-nice. i saw everything from shorts and goofy t-shirts and sandals with socks to hooker wear (leopard print lycra) to suits and fancy cocktail dresses.
Had dinner there with a large group of people. Sat for 45 minutes waiting for someone to take a drink order, when it became obvious that it wasn't happening, we went to the bar and ordered them ourselves. The salads were wilted, probably from sitting in a warm kitchen for too long. Our entrees were lukewarm at best. The shrimp scampi on angel hair pasta was disappointing. Five quarter sized shrimp, with an ice cream scoop of mashed potatoes, and overcooked green beans. They offered no explanation as to why there was no pasta. We ordered coffee with dessert that never arrived. It felt like the waitstaff weren't even trying, as with a large group the gratuity was automatically included.

Nice atmosphere, but it was expensive and the food was bland and service was awful. Never again.
I'm still waiting on my food, except for the lobster bisque, which I tried in advance & was wonderful. The poor server just had to explain that they were out of 5 menu items. I'm not sure who is in charge of ordering their food, but that person really did a poor job this weekend. For a restaurant of this caliber, (ie, that charges prices like this,) I don't expect them to be out of so many items.
This place is the most overated expensive dog poo ever!

I took a friend there for her birthday a few months ago. I made a reservation for 7:00pm and came there around 6:50pm. Our waiter promtly took us to our table and ask us if we would like anything to drink. So we order 2 draft beers while we look at the menu. So far so good, right!? Little did we know things about to go south quickly after  this.

Our waiter disappeared for 20 minutes (I am not exagerrating either, it was 7:20pm when he came back). When he finally came back, he was quick to apologize. He said that he didn't forget about us, he was just busy (at that point I looked around and the restaurant was pretty much empty, maybe he got other tables to serve in different floors?). We ordered an appertizer and two steaks. We also reminded him of our drinks guessing that he probably had forgotten about them.

10 minutes later, he came back with our appetizer. Not bad, but did he forgot our drinks? So I reminded him again. He gave me this lame excuse that his bartender was busy. I was thinking "WTF, they were just two draft beers for Pete's sake! How hard is it to pour 2 glasses of beer?". A few minutes later,  the beers finally arrived.

As we were working on our appetizer for short while, our steaks came. I was happy that they come out quickly because I was hungry., but for a $30 steak, the presentation was pretty crappy. Basically there a humongous plate, a piece of steak and a scope of mashed potatoes next to it. That's it!

Overall, the steaks were okay. Half way through the steak, my friend noticed a piece of hair under her steak. I was furious at that point but somehow managed to remain calm call the waiter over and told him about the hair. He quickly apologized and said that he would talk to the manager about the situation. I also asked him for a check because we've lost our appetite at that point.

5 minutes later he came back with our check. He put the check down, didn't mention anything about the hair incidence and just left. I looked at the check and there was no compensation. We left the money on the table, gave the waiter about 10% tip and left. Horrible dining experience. I vowed not to come back there again.

For high end restaurant, the presentation and the service were pretty bad. If it were Pho joint I would understand, but it's not. It was about $100 for dinner for two.
My girlfriend and I went here to celebrate my birthday. It was the first time had been here in several years. The views are still great, especially if you get there just as the sun is setting. The atmosphere was romantic. However the food did not quite live up to the price. Will I eat here again within a year, yes. Am I in a rush to go back, no.
hosting: most are at least friendly to customers, except one that is constantly miserable.  on a weekend, even if you have a reservation, expect to wait- maybe long (hour+).

food: someone said you'll eat better food at red lobster, and sadly, that's pretty accurate.  

over all, this is a trashy, low class, wannabe "fancy" restaurant that isn't.  if you like your diamonds fake and your wine white zinf, the chart house is for you. 

don't go to the chart house.  don't waste your time, don't waste your money, don't waste your dinner out.  this city is full of incredible restaurants, pick one of them instead.
I came here for my one year anniversary with my wife. Of course I'm primarily basing my review in comparison to the location in Weehaken which I have frequented quite a bit. The place was clean throughout, wasn't crowded at all so we had the option of outdoor seating where we were greeted with the view of the Delaware river and the Walt Whitman Bridge. Our server was pleasant and was able to direct is to what was what he thought a hot item off the menu.

My wife and I ordered the same entree. We both had the crab stuffed shrimp and ordered the crab avocado mango stack for our appetizer. The appetizer was extremely tasty and very fresh. I enjoyed every bite of it. The entree was similarly as tasty. It came with six nicely sized portions of shrimp.

To end the evening, of course I had to order the signature chocolate lava cake which was completely out of this world. If you come here you probably know already that you should order this a half hour In advance as it takes that long to make. 

My only complaint which I was sorely disappointed in was the drink. Me being a bartender and knowing exactly what goes into a Long Island (what both my wife and I ordered) the drink was not good at all; too much sour mix. When we sent it back, our waiter Jordan appeared shocked and advised that the bartender had been working there for years and he's amazed that we had complaints about the drinks. Sorry, but it was definitely not a Long Island. Otherwise the place was decent. Id co
If you are ever thinking of having a party, shower, event etc. at this restaurant DO NOT, you better think twice. There staff not only pushed drinks on my guests and made unprofessional creepy comments, but the kitchen stole my gift and the general manager did nothing about it. He is just as unprofessional and rude. I got completely ROBBED. Not to mention I'm 7 months pregnant. These people handled this situation wrongly and unethical, it's a shame they never learned customer service and the importance of treating there customers with honesty and respect.
I've heard a lot about having to visit Chart House because of the incredible views. I'll give them that.  Of course, when dining, I'd probably prefer incredible eats instead!  Chart House offers free valet parking with your meal, but otherwise below average and slow service.  Beyond those views, it offers what appears to be a solid menu, especially for seafood lovers.  Having dined with a large party of co-workers, I can verify that they fail to knock any of those menu items out of the park.  In fact, many would barely qualify as a single.  I'm not sure if the underlying ingredients are just poor or the preparation just is that lack.  The oysters are tolerable, but I'd recommend avoiding the stuffed shrimp and passing on any filet.
Positive: Excellent view of the water with a large array of seafood and delicious, warm chocolate lava cake.

Negative: Mediocre tasting food.

Overall: Large, high quality seafood selection with excellent ambiance. The food taste, however, is average.

Revisit:  Not again.  Despite the great quality and large selection the taste is just not good enough, and even the excellent ambiance does not make up for it.
Yesterday was a very sad experience for me.   I've been to the Chart House here on the Delaware River many times.   Always a special experience.   Some of the elements are still there.   Wonderful atmosphere, great view of the river and excellent food (altho I noted that prices which were never cheap, have risen somewhat).   Now for the really sad part.   It was like visiting an old friend who seems in the mid stages of some degenerative brain disease.   The wait staff was completely clueless (and perhaps also understaffed and this contributed to their downfall).   I ordered the Caesar Salad, my friends purchased the amazing Salad Bar.   We ordered cocktails and just minutes later my salad arrived (a clue of what was to come).   So my friends went to the Salad Bar.   After some minutes I was enjoying my salad, perhaps 1/3 eaten.   My friends left for seconds at the Salad Bar and here comes our dinner.   Plunked down on the table next to my barely eaten salad.   All this time we never saw our waitress.   I had wanted to order a glass of wine for my dinner (this was not to be).   We adjusted our eating and enjoyed our delicious dinners.   I left the table (seeing no wait staff) to ask for the Manager.   He was later located and came to our table to apologize.   He provided me with a complimentary glass of wine.   We decided to try to make the best of it and order coffee and dessert.   After some time, the waitress appeared and asked if our meals were satisfactory (a little late) we ordered coffee but before we were able to order dessert she sprinted away.   After another 15 minutes the coffees arrived with apologies for the delay.   We decided at that point to cut our losses, ask for the check  and get out.   The place was not full, altho there were a good number of people around.   Plates taken away, we were in and out of there in just about one hour.   Our memory of past wonderful dinners fading in our heads and disappointment and sorrow prime in our hearts.   It is so very sad to see a wonderful old friend become an incompetent hack.
The Chart House (now owned by the Landry's chain) is still on of the best places to get prime rib in the country.

The view over the Delaware River towards the NJ Battleship is a gorgeous view.

Our server Sharron was pleasant and our food was prompt.

The prime rib was tender and flavorful, served medium rare just as we ordered.
HOWEVER, the meat was cold.  
The baked potatoes are not as huge as I remember, but it came loaded with the works!

I would have given them 4 starts, had the steaks been served HOT.

Overall, a decent place to grab a GREAT STEAK.  ORDER IT HOT!

Love the FREE valet parking (you should tip of course).
I was very excited about eating at the Chart House until I actually ate at the Chart House. The food was lacking flavor. The lobster & shrimp roll was bland. If I didn't enjoy the company I was with so much I would have walked out. The server was friendly. Don't recommend this place.
We had a very expensive dinner (over $500) at Chart House 3/26/17. The food was OK the company was the best. We have eaten here many times throughout the years and found it very pleasant. 
The horrible thing about our experience is we ALL got sick very soon after dinner.
Some of our party were hardly able to make it home after dinner because we ALL became very ILL; most of us were unable to make it to work the next day. I called the manager the next afternoon to report the issue we had, he said he would look up our reservation and call me back. He never returned my call, thank you for the customer service this will be remembered and reviewed many times.
First time back in nearly 20 years.  I'm sorry to say that it hasn't changed a bit.  We were there for a special occasion luncheon and it was like we stepped into a time machine. I get that it's a chain but I think you guys got the full value out of the carpet, tables chairs etc and a changeout wouldn't kill you.  

The food is decent.  It's not terrible and it's not fantastic.  They aren't there to wow you with cuisine.  Their main claim to fame is location, location, location.   Without the view they are Red Lobster.
I write this review during my NYE dinner as I have plenty of time.  We arrived on time for a 5:15pm reservation.  The night proceeded as follows
Seated at 5:20
Waited over 15min for order to be taken
Received appetizers at 6:20
Salads at 6:50 after complaining
Entree at 7:15 
Got a refill on water at this time 
Desert with the check arrived at 7:42pm with no champagne.  At 7:55 I got tired of waiting for the champagne and we left.

We never got asked if we wanted another drink or a refill of water beyond our first interaction with the waitress.

The service was just horrible.  The waitress was sweet but the service was utterly disgraceful.  The wait time to be served for a NYE event with a prefix menu was unacceptable especially when the issue was just in our waitress area.  The tables seated with us with other servers came and went and we were still waiting for our entree to arrive.

I'm not even going to comment on the food because by the time my food came I had lost my appetite and was ready to walk out but they require that you prepay in order to get a reservation due to the holiday so my table of 4 wasn't going to leave without eating for a dinner we prepaid.

Also, we complained to a gentleman that was walking around to other tables who I think was a manager or something and he just nodded and said not one word to us yet told the table next to us thank you for your patience.  At the end of the table I addressed him because I did not feel it was appropriate for us to pay for the 3 drinks we ordered beginning of the dinner.  He handled it and that was that.

Okay I'll say one thing to the chef the flavor of your food that I did eat was tasty.

I have fond memories of going to a charter house in St. Croix, USVI growing up with my parents and wanted to recreate it with my family in Philadelphia and it was a total disappointment.
I went here for Happy Hour with my folks.

One of the things that struck me as odd was that the menu for happy hour was very limited for a well know establishment as this. The specials included upgraded french fries and such. Still a very limited selection considering you are directly on the waterfront! With the Moshulu next door you would think that this would cause the happy hour menu to be competitive....NOT.

The food was not earth shattering; more of a ok, not an all out blah. 

In all fairness the service was excellent and very friendly, with prices were reasonable.
However, at the end of the day "you get what you pay for" is absolutely correct.
Personally, the fame of the name, would make you think that that you'd get better quality. I don't see a compelling reason to go back, unless the weather is warm and the balcony and deck are back opened for the spring & summer season.
My first time here, was a strange experience.  Asked for a table of 3 place was practically empty was told that could not sit us for a few hours. Then he said you can sit outside.  Which was again weird. We sat outside service was slow, really slow, but pleasant.  Food was very good kudos to kitchen !!! I just don't get the were booked thing ...many tables empty maybe because I had a child with me and was not in a ballgown ......

Not sure if I was more confused or offended
Good atmosphere, great views over looking the water. I had the grilled salmon with grilled green beans. The salmon and the green beans were over cooked but had a good taste. Good seafood and would give this place another shot. Stayed at the Hyatt close by and received a complimentary volcano chocolate cake and ice cream which was very good.
We were in last night for dinner. We had a new waiter and he did fine, but will definitely need more training. The waiter who was training him was top notch, and actually earned an extra star in my review. 

Decor is in dire need of an update. I felt like I was walking into 1975. We were sat upstairs along the windows which provided a great view of he water. Nothing the restaurant can do about the state of the river, but this is the best view one can hope for. 

My issue with with our seat placement was being right outside of the kitchen.  We heard every curse word known to man come out of there. For somewhere that calls themselves fine dining, I would not have expected the atmosphere to be so rough. 

Our appetizer, coconut shrimp, was fine. If it's breaded in house, I would be surprised. I assume frozen and dropped directly into a fryer. The sauces were good, but again, I assume out of a pre-made bag. 

Then the wait. 35 minutes from appetizer to entree. We heard one of the "chefs" announce, "Did anyone tell you about a crab leg?"  My wife's order. Within a few seconds of the announcement, our food arrived. My Swordfish was dry having obviously sat on the plate for the better of 15 minutes. The crab legs now almost soft shelled they sat boiling so long and the meat all stuck inside. 

Needless to say, we do not plan on returning.
Came to this upscale restaurant for my boyfriends birthday dinner and were very pleased! 
The view: amazing
The food: delicious and overpriced
The drinks: colorful and tasty (I recommend the moscato sangria)
The service: excellent
We loved looking out onto the river during dinner. They gave us a special birthday  menu and a complimentary dessert with a candle which was a plus! Would definately recommend for an upscale seafood dinner!
Please don't not ever eat here I've been coming to charter house all the time for about 8 years, The manager Rick Young needs to be fired! For 8 years I never encountered someone who is rude and clearly was racist but clearly I'm not the only person in the reviews complaining about him.mu sister in-law is here from the military today is her last day so we decided to come here, I called In advance to book a table for a party of 5 they let me no that they can only seat a party of 4 so I made my reservation for me and my son and my husband made his for 3 people..my husband was already at the restaurant when I got there so when I came the RUDE RACIST MANAGER RICK looked at my husband and said so rudely "you lied!! I told you there can't be a party of 5" I was shocked because I've never seen someone who's suppose to be professional be so rude so I told him I had my own table with my own reservation he said "that doesn't matter y'all know each other right?" I'm like but we are not seating at the same table so I'm confused I instantly told my husband I was leaving because he was rude and ignorant, this man kept going back and forth with me like he wasn't at work when I was just saying I don't understand what my reservation has to do with there's so he said he wasn't seating me then was in the most of this I asked for his name so I can report him and he hands me his business card and tells me I can leave..when I say this man is racist and rude I'm sure if I was white I wouldn't have gotten treated like that! When I've but money In that restaurant for years!!!! Please save your money and fire this man !
One star for the view & one for the service.  None for the food.  The 2 of us got seafood entrees that were about $30 & it took 1 hour to arrive when they did, they were cold & tasted like something you would get from the frozen food section at a grocery store for $3! Bad! Same for the clams casino app. Disappointing
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!

My husband and I had reservations here with another couple. We have both gone to different Charthouse locations and enjoyed it. Our reservation was at 8:15pm which we decided to arrive early to relax at the bar for a little while before our friends arrived. We checked in upon entering and told the hostess we would wait at the bar. 

We sat in the center of the bar for 10 minutes without ever being acknowledged. One bartender was tending to the service bar and remained super busy. The other bartender was tending the bar. However there were only 6 other people at the bar which 4 of them were finishing up. Yet she still didn't acknowledge us until after happy hour had past. She came over very unenthusiastic to take our order. When we asked about happy hour considering we sat at the bar before it ended, she rudely stated that happy hour was now over. My husband and I reach got a drink anyway and ordered 2 appetizers. We finished our apps and a couple of drinks before our friends arrived. 

Our friends arrived at 8:07pm. We closed our bar tab and went to the hostess to check in at 8:11pm. The hostess rudely told us that they were still seating the 8pm reservations and we can go back to the bar to wait or wait in the lobby and they will come get us when our table was ready. We returned to the center of the bar and were the only ones there. By 8:45pm nobody has come down to get us to get seated. My husband went to check and happened to catch the manager who said we will be seated immediately. 

We finally got seated at a table with a beautiful view. Yes the view was great but the horrible experience did not end. We waited at our table for about 15 minutes before a server approached our table. She tried to only get our drink orders but we all knew what we wanted to order. 

We started with the kim chee calamari and all ordered from the restaurant week menu.  At about 9:30pm our calamari arrived just to find it over cooked, too much breading and cold from maybe sitting in the window too long waiting to get picked up. Mind you, the restaurant was pretty empty so it made no sense on why the calamari would even sit in the window that long. We sent it back because it was just inedible. We finally got a fresh order around 10pm. At this point we just wanted our first course and to get things moving along. 

At 10:30pm we finally got our first course of clam chowder. I was so tired from being up at 4am for work that I lost my appetite. As we were eating our soup, the waitress came out to inform my friend that they were out of the salmon entree that he had ordered. An order that he placed almost 2 hours ago! Smh By 11pm we received our entrees. We asked for our desserts immediately because everything was taking extremely long. We all wrapped our entrees to go and waiting on our desserts. It was 3 orders off cheesecake and 1 order or creme brulee. We figured how long could it take to cut 3 slices of cheesecake and torch the top of 1 creme brulee? Well we didn't get our desserts until after 11:30pm! We asked for the bill immediately. 

While we were eating dessert and waiting on the bill, the valet came to our table to give my car keys because he was leaving for the night. Even the valet was leaving before us. The restaurant was empty and the staff was already cleaning up. We finally got our bill just to find out that they charged us for 2 orders of calamari! Are you serious? So we had to wait for the manager to correct the bill. 

We didn't get out of there until after midnight! Our experience from beginning to end was all around the worst experience ever! And the entrees were all bland! Needless to say we will never ever return to this Charthouse location.
Good food, and amazing Mud pie dessert. Our waitresses was great.  The view of the New Jersey battle ship all lite up can't be beat. Free valet is a nice touch..     Thats all I can say thats nice.  
The hostess was RUDE!  We stode at the desk while they liked right past us.  We had reservations and arrived on time. It was NOT crowded.  She never told us her name. She would not look us in the eye.  She looked down at the tablet and walked away seemingly to avoid us.. 2 other couples walked in after us and were seated before us.  We had to speaked to her first to get her attention.  We seem to bother her when we asked for a table near the glass. We got seated just out side of the restrooms.. Other table were available, but she raised her voice when I asked about a table. There was another hostess who was not any better.  She actually learned over the desk they stand behind just to yell and point at a guests to get their attention.  The managers  walked past and ignore their behavior.   The ladies room has a plumbing emergency. I was about to walk in, the manager was very curt to the employee he told to mop up the problem and ignored me. I was looking to ask an employee if they had another restroom or should I just us the mens room. A nice woman employee lead me to the back to use the employee rest room.   OMG!!!!!!! Dirty!!! Falling apart small area.  I fell so bad for another one who has to use that room and the back area was DIRTY too. 
No sign out of order signs were posted. If I were the manager. There would be a sign and a person to stand to greet people and  allow women to use the mens room. If i had to allow, anyone in the back I have it cleaned first.. The floor was sticky and the room as gross. The caulk that held the sink to the wall was brown.  To me it was very poor management. Shame when you can very easily pay $170 for dinner for two.   I will not go back.. I can't get that image of the dirty back room and bathroom out of my head.  Had that happened before our meal, we would of left.
After relaxing in Penn's Landing I wanted a place to relax, drink, and enjoy the river views. Moshulu was closed but fortunately Chart House was ready to serve. My friend & I had a nice corner table with a nice big window that overlooked the river while we drank mango mojitos and sauvingnon blanc.
We were told service would be faster in the bar area by the hostess...so we decided to eat there. We waited over an hour for appetizer and then another hour for entrees. Soups were cold, food was cold, service horrible. No one came to check in so the Manager was alerted but had a non-chalant attitude and claimed he would get us new entrees. Came back with same entrees reheated and my fiancé pointed out that it was the same fish as he had previously took a piece to taste and that same piece was missing. Manager lied claimed he threw old entrees in the trash and these were new ones. Despite the fact that the food became cold instantly as does food when you reheat in a microwave and the shrimp was overcooked and difficult to eat. Rice was dry and bland. Took 30 min to get check and 20 min to pay. All in all spent over 3 hours here for horrible food and service and no attempt to resolve. Waitress never checked on us but at the end said sorry for everything. She knew it was just all a disaster. I'm not going back. Complete waste of time and I leave still hungry. All of this and to top it off I'm a pregnant guest!!!
When a "seasonal special"  features fresh "Heirloom Tomatoes" - which are at their height in season right now - as its side you do not serve said tomato salad refrigerated to oblivion, it shows a lack of understanding of your ingredients.  3 stars because I take one star of blame for ordering like I was at neighborhood bistro and not just sticking with meat and potatoes - which looked delicious. I should have known better. 

The restaurant is undeniably beautiful, the food was ok but stick with the steakhouse standards.
We had TERRIBLE service. We showed up around 4:40pm and did not leave until 7pm. After paying the bill the waitress took forever to bring back the receipt. The food was delicious but it just took way too long to get out of the restaurant. Other tables around us that got there later then us left significantly before us. Don't go here unless you have a lot of time to kill.
Came here for an anniversary dinner with my boyfriend. I've never been one for "fancy" restaurants, and I've heard mixed reviews from Chart House, but was looking forward to the food and experience. I was not disappointed. Our reservation was at 6pm on a Friday night, so naturally we got there a little early. We ended up walking into the restaurant at 5:45-5:50, and it was fairly empty. The staff at the desk greeted us and asked us where we would like to sit- we had the option of sitting inside or outside- we chose outdoor seating. In addition to choosing the location of our seating, we got to choose which table outside, which I thought was nice. The outdoor seating area is very nice, you have a good view of the water and the Battleship NJ. Our waiter, Andrew, was very nice, very accommodating. We ordered the coconut shrimp for a starter-it was AMAZING! Sauces were delicious along with the shrimp. For entree my boyfriend and I got steak-him NY strip and me the chart house cut of Prime Rib. Both were delicious, and I liked that our waiter asked us to cut into the meat before eating to ensure it was cooked right. We ordered the lava cake for dessert and it was DELICIOUS! One take away from our meal was that everything was brought out in a staggered fashion, with no rush to finish one plate and get to the next. I was very impressed with the service, food, and overall experience at Chart House. Would definitely recommend.
Customer service was utterly disappointing.  I'm not sure if we just caught the staff (the hostess, the two servers who served us, a random server who we asked for a high chair) on a bad day (like a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day -- cue inspiration from a childhood favorite book)... but man, was this an awful experience with a wait staff!

Things that went wrong:
1) Entered the restaurant, greeted by NO ONE even though two ladies and a gentleman were standing at the host booth just looking at us straight in the eyes....  RUDE
2) We were seated and there was no high chair as we had included in our reservation...and 30 minutes passed before we ever got one.  Here's why:  Our two servers seemed angry/irritated and busy so my fiance went to go ask a random server.  Random server says it's going to be a while before we get one as she is also busy.  He asks if she could just point to where it is and he could get it... she refuses and insists on bringing it to us.  My fiance comes back frustrated with no high chair and little hope that she will actually deliver.  After waiting 15 minutes, we ask Server 1.  Server 1 seems to understand, but she does not deliver  for 15 minutes.  Do you know what it's like keeping your super active 10 month old on your lap while trying to eat?  -_-
3) We ordered our kiddo some chicken fingers.  CHICKEN FINGERS.  That's all.  Our food came (okay but not anything to rave to people about) and still... no food for our super active and SUPER HUNGRY 10 month old.  His food never came........  server kept saying it was coming, but NOPE.  We ended up filling him up with the free bread.  -_-
4) If you choose to be a server, you should know that smiling and being nice is part of your job.  Both female and male servers were absolutely miserable...  our water never got filled up, we never got some of our food, and it seemed like any request we had was causing them so much pain.... and trust me, nothing we asked for was difficult.  1) coffee.  2) our food. 3) refill of water and we never got that....

Needless to say, we left really disappointed, somewhat hungry, and super annoyed.  Definitely NOT worth the money.  I'm giving 2 stars merely for the food.. which was not atrocious.  The only plus of this place is the valet parking - and if you like the view of the brown water of the Delaware River surrounding the restaurant.
So yea you have got to be kidding me!?  Rude servers, outdated decor, and bad food. all in a ll a delightful experiance.  I was with some friends just for drinks and apps Erin P. being one of them and could not have disliked this place more.  Our waitress couldnt get a drink order right and then when we got our drinks(from a different waitress) she splashed them all over the table and walked away.  No please let me spend a lot of money to clean up your mess!  Like erin said it was down hill from there.  Calamari that had gone bad and it took us quite sometime to get our bill, we actually ended up tracking our server down to get it.  All in all overpriced and over hyped.  but the company I was with made it very enjoyable!
I really wanted to  find one good thing on the menu.  I had the shrimp, crab dip, brussetta, Mahi mahi, mash potatoes, green beans, clam chowder, bread, and lava cake.  The only thing that was good was the bread.  The staff is super friendly.
It's just ok. Slow service, decent plates. Great view. I Suggest piano music live. Cooks could be  faster. Expensive. I am not going back.
I have lived in Philadelphia all of my life.  I always wanted to go to the Chart House and had the opportunity on Saturday night as a belated valentine's dinner with my husband, another couple, and a friend.  First, let me start off by saying I am almost 9 months pregnant.  Our reservation was for 8:15, and we checked in a few minutes early.  We were informed that reservations were behind a little.  We understood that it was busy and didn't mind waiting, until the wait turned into over 1 hour.  Needless to say I had to stand and wait for over and hour, not the best thing for a pregnant  woman to do.  We were never seated until a little after 9 p.m.  Finally, we were seated, we ordered our soup and apps, and they never came out until close to 9:45.  I would think that we would have gotten our soup fairly quick.  We ordered a shrimp cocktail to share and were told when the other apps came out that they were out of shrimp cocktail.  A few minutes later the waitress brought one that had 4 shrimp on it.  We were charged full price for an order that was missing 2 shrimp.  Our entrees didn't come out until after 10:00 p.m., after 1 of us had to find a manager and ask what was taking so long.  The manager then came to our table and said that the kitchen was backed up and our food should be there in 5 minutes.  We ordered 1 dessert to share for the table and that never came until about 11:00.  After we received our check the manager said dessert was on him.  The food was just ok, one of us had surf and turf and the steak was hardly edible and the lobster was rubbery.  I was really disappointed since it was a place I had been dying to go since I was a kid.  There are 10 other Philly restaurants that I wish we would have gone to instead.  I guess you live and learn!!
This restaurant seems to have been around as long as I have been alive - it has seen it's ups and downs and through the years - I would try to stop in to see which end was up.  On this visit - the Chart House was on the "Upswing" I am glad to report.  I was in the mood for good "cocktails" and I came in during the "Tall Ship Festivals" a few months ago and remembered the cocktails, but this night - I also had a full dinner entree as well.  

One of the best parts of this restaurant is the location on the waterfront.  It was after work and me and a friend decided to treat ourselves to a great dinner and drinks.  We both enjoyed our cocktails and for the appetizer we decided on the Kim See Calamari - the sauce made it outstanding!!  My friend ordered the stuffed Tilapia and I had the pasta with savory shrimp - both good choices.   It was a quiet evening in the restaurant, so the service was adequate.  

Overall, I do feel the food and drinks are a bit on the high side, they were all good - but not outstanding as the prices would suggest.  Be prepared to spend some $$ for a night out here.

Pros:  Location - Great Scenery
Cons:  Food is Ok - Prices are High
very fancy. very good seafood.

this restaurant is literally on the water.  I believe its 3 floors and from each window you can see the delaware river.  It has the feeling of a cruise ship - and I think they made it that way on purpose.  If you don't like seafood you won't appreciate this restaurant.  If you do, you'll love it - the fish is amazingly fresh and the service is good.  

This is a fancy restaurant and I could see it being a good romantic date place as well.
Beautiful view of the river, bridge, and navy ships at night. The herb crusted salmon was very good. If you come here, don't forget the lava chocolate cake with molten godiva chocolate and heath. 1 star taken off for the server forgetting our order and forgetting to give us bread though.
Ambience was excellent, however, the food was just ok. Service was also average. Not a bad place just didn't live up to the hype. I may give it another chance, though there was one weird thing. The waitress read us the specials and they were all menu items. When we questioned her about a special she pointed to it on the menu. Little weird.
I feel kind of sad that so many people have had a bad experience with this place; I love it!

We come here every year for our anniversary and always have a really good experience. The views are great, and the food is delicious.

We always start out with the crab cakes, lobster bisque and bruschetta sliders. The crab cake is delicious and heavy on the crab, the lobster bisque is like liquid butter- so, so good, and the bruschetta sliders are the perfect little bites.

For our entrees, the crab stuffed shrimp is delicious, the stuffed flounder is perfect and fresh, and the sea bass is excellent. I don't think we've ever really had a bad experience here.

Maybe it was just an off day for everyone else, but this restaurant is definitely worth a try if you haven't been here. The prices aren't bad and the food is very good!
I was not a fan and will never be back. Service was awful. Great location with view, but with bad service we had to wait so long for our food. It was not worth it. Its to bad, i had high hopes
The main takeaway here is to ignore the low ratings of other reviews - come to this restaurant and sit outside on the river for the most gorgeous view that will make your entire experience at Chart House absolutely amazing!

My mom and I happened upon this restaurant while walking around Philly and I'm so glad we did - to be honest, I may not have ever come here based on its low Yelp rating, but the negative reviews are unfair, in my opinion. It seems to me most of the bad reviews are about poor customer service, but our waitress was helpful and friendly, and even if she hadn't been, I personally think the incredible ambiance and food would have made up for any negative service I could have gotten.

We weren't super hungry so just ordered drinks & apps. We initially ordered the cheese platter (delicious) and oysters rockefeller (perfection, made with parmesan cheese - mom claims they are the best she's ever had) got hungry again later in the evening after sitting and enjoying that wonderful view for awhile and ordered the tuna tartare (fantastic). 

Overall, my Chart House experience was stellar - great food and a stunning ambiance. If I'm ever in Philly again, I will definitely return for an actual meal!
Went with friends on a Wednesday night for drinks and apps. When we walked in the place looked so dreary and it was empty.

The service was horrible and the food definitely not worth the price you pay.

I cant believe this is the same restaurant that used to be phenomenal.

Dont recommend.
We made Mother's Day reservations a week prior. When we showed up, the very rude manager told us they did not have our reservation. I showed him my OpenTable receipt and he changed his story and said "we called you 3 times. Your reservation is canceled. When I stated I called back twice with no response, he replied "no you didn't...nothing we can do". The restaurant called me and did not leave a voicemail. I called back and got no answer twice. The voicemail that was left on my phone was an automated message and elevator music. When I told him this and we refused to leave..he suddenly found a table. They had pages of cancelled reservations. He was rude and unprofessional. Not one time was I told of this policy and not one time was I told my reservation was canceled! 

Sounds like greed to me. You cancelled multiple reservations with no warning.
Restaurant has great views but service wasn't that great. They require a reservation even if the restaurant is half empty. Food was just ok. Nothing to wow about. Oh and not to mention that when my wife received her glass of wine, one of the other servers must have realized it and pointed it out to our server, they actually took it back and I watched them physically pour the excess back into the bottle! Mind blown! Thanks but no thanks lol.
Was taken here for my birthday views to die for my  food tasted horrible. I had the Mahi Mahi and my date had a similar version to mine. No flavor tasted like they went to the sea and placed it on our plate. No marination no seasoning I mean I can see sprinkles of some kinda season but maybe it was miss dash because I tasted nothing. I'm giving it three stars because the food had no taste and it was a $200 bill for I don't know what BUT the drinks and lava cake to die for and we got some nice pictures. Also the calamari appetizer had a nice sauce on it that gave it amazing flavor . Our server was also awesome her name was Shannon we gave her a nice tip . I also like the fact they put happy birthday on my menu and I got to keep a copy of that. 
Drinks in the summer time would be great there and appetizer NO 
Full course meal needed not worth it
So I was excited to take my mom to Chart House for Mother's Day brunch. I've been to the NJ location, but never the Philly one.  So my expectations were high, given the good experiences I've had at the NJ location.

The experience was extremely disappointing.  Service was mind numbingly SLOW.  It took 15 minutes to get our drinks, an hour to get our appetizers and our entrees came out 1 hour and 45 minutes after we sat down.  Thankfully the food was hot, otherwise my mother would of had a conniption. 

Our entrees while hot, were bland.  I've had more flavorful food at a diner.

There was no acknowledgement from the server regarding the slow service.  If anything, she seemed more interested in up selling us the lava molten cake, that takes a half hour to make.

It was an extremely disappointing experience, for the price point a complete rip off.  I won't be back.
My boyfriend wanted to take me on a "romantic date" last night, so we came here. I've been here a few times but this was his first time. Everything was mediocre. I ordered the salmon with the cabell topping. When my plate arrived, I noticed that the crab meat was missing. My waiter was very polite and tried to accommodate me by bringing out new topping (which was icy cold). So, I had to send it back, again. My boyfriend's fish was pretty tasty. He wasn't impressed. You're pretty much paying for the atmosphere/view of the water.
My parents were in town (from the suburbs but this is a huge feat since its like pulling teeth to get them into the city). We wanted to go somewhere nice but as it was the night before the marathon a lot of places were booked. We managed to get a spot at The Chart House. 
We waited a little for our reservation but had cocktails in the lounge (very good cocktails) and the views as every other review seems to think as well are amazing, some of the best in the city! 
My family is pretty picky but everyone LOVED the food here. My dad wasn't very happy with his prime rib at first but it got sent back no questions asked and another beautiful piece was brought right out. Services was great. We had two appetizers for the table, each had soup or a salad and an entre, and us usually huge eaters were too full for dessert. 
I had the tuna, perfectly cooked, great sauce and the wasabi sauce on top was perfectly spicy and not too overwhelming. My friend had the stuffed flounder which I need to try next time. My mom loved the shrimp scampi (but I think there could have been a few more shrimp). The crab tater tots should not be missed either - we were hesitant to order them but they were SO GOOD. 
I know this is a chain and a little gimmicky but I still really enjoyed the whole dinner, and the experience. Not somewhere I'll run back to as it is a little pricy but maybe save for another big group/special occasion.
The hostess had zero warmth, that was not a good start. But the hopes of well cooked seafood with a nice river view stayed as the focus. The service was ok at best honestly. They were nice but could have been more knowledgeable about the menu. Go for the grilled swordfish, and the clam chowder , and glass of Malbec for $9, all excellent.  The tilapia was overcooked and not appealing to the eye, and it had three slices of mushrooms - think we paid extra for the 3 slices? Great wine list but really weak on the beers but I was expecting that. But have a least one local beer! It was good to check out but probably won't return.
I was very excited to try this place out when my family came into town. The downstairs bartender was amazing and the atmosphere is beautiful. After we had a drink at the bar, we were seated upstairs. Our waitress started out being very attentive and helpful. After we got our meals, our waitress literally disappeared for about 40 mins. At such a high end dining establishment, this is completely unacceptable. We also ordered dessert with our meals because he waitress told us it would take a while to make. When it came time for desert they were not even made and the staff completely forgot about them. I also never got a drink that I ordered with my dinner. My father was upset, naturally and was trying to speak with the general manager. The manager barely acknowledged him and basically just walked away mid-conversation. We all left disappointed in Chart House and I'll never go back. This place really needs to get their shit together and learn some customer service skills. Food was eh. If there were a zero star option - I would've clicked that.
The Chart House gets 1 star simply because of its location on the River.  There's some really great views here.  Beyond that, we had a small gathering of family (about 10 of us) get together for Brunch this past Sunday.   While the staff was friendly, the service was extremely slow and food was not good.  We arrived around 12:45PM, so maybe there had been a larger crowd earlier, but we were basically alone.  The salad bar had a number of empty bins, whether it be fruit or bacon bits or salad dressing, it was not properly restocked.  We've been to other Charter House locations and found the food to be much better.  Maybe we caught them on a bad day, but I don't think so.  There just seemed to be a lack of effort here....just everyone going through the motions.  I can't recommend them.
The bad service continued. Someone from the Chart House commented on my post and asked me to send the details. I sent and no follow up at all! I heard nothing from the person or the restaurant. Thanks for confirming my position!
So it's been a couple of months.   After my last review the new district manager wanted to obtain more information.   

She was apologetic and offered a gift card.  Hoping to keep us a customers.  She sent a $50 gift card.   Honestly it really added insult to injury.  That didn't even cover a round of drinks for my party nor would it cover s Re-try trip to Chart House.    I contacted her to express that sentiment and she deferred to a Regional Manager due at the restaurant the NEXT DAY.  Not unlike the original poor service I never heard back from her.    So sad that the NEW MANAGEMENT  at this establishment acted just like the old management 

I had higher hopes.
We went to try the food for a possible party. We were greeted right away and shown to our table. Waited about 10 minutes before someone came over. Took drink orders of ice tea and hot tea. Took another 10 minutes before we got them. Please note that it was not busy at all on a Sunday at 6. Ordered prime rib with green beans and grilled chicken. Prime rib done as asked but chicken was gritty. Green beans were excellent. Caesar salad good and New England clam chowder were good. Every time we needed something, the waiter wasn't around. When he was, it took way too long to get what we asked for. Dessert was cheesecake which was not good. Not what it used to be and we decided against having our function there. Too expensive and service not good enough for what we want
The place is very nice a great view as well., but the food wasn't good, it just wasn't seasoned well at all.
This restaurant would have been comically bad on a regular day. On Mother's Day it was tragically bad. It is like a brunch at an outdated , dilapidated motel. The food was cold and incredibly unappealing, the marching up and down stairs to the buffet was awkward and even the view, which is apparently the big draw, just looks out on enormous tankers. My 18 year old son said, we have to make this up to mom, and quickly.
It's a shame that such a nice property on the water is being wasted by the chart house ,the food is disgusting!! Imagine if Steven Starr bought this place it would be one of the hottest restaurants in philly but unfortunately we are stuck with "chart house"
Ok, maybe my expectations were too high.  Traditional Philadelphia restaurant - taking out my parents - they're all excited - I had high expectations.  The Chart House didn't live up.  I haven't been here since 1988.  Quite honestly, it hasn't changed at all.  Twenty five years later, I call that stale.  It is still cramped with too much wasted space, too many obstacles to navigate and too many flights of stairs.  This place survives on its name, but not it's innovation.  It needs a makeover.   My group enjoyed its food, so that warrants my three stars.  That said, it is ridiculously over priced for basic fair.  We had a group of six and dinner exceeded three hours.  The place was half empty on this Sunday night, and my dinner took over three hours.  Really?
A girlfriend and I went for Night Out Resturant week running from 8/21 to 8/30 (3 Courses for $35). We sat on the outside deck....Food, Service, Ambiance....Amazing!
Location: On the river!
View: Beautiful
Parking: Valet, and they didnt steal the change or my lip gloss from the car! Score!
Tables: Small for a party of 4. I hate when we're all fighting for table room between drinks, silverware, bread basket, app plates, etc. Where the hell am i supposed to put my cell phone?
Drinks: Good! They dont give you those teeny tiny cocktail glasses, these are a decent size.
Appetizers: Had calamari, lobster spring rolls, and crab tater tots. The calamari was so so, but the spring rolls and tots were awesome. (and I dont usually eat seafood).
Dinner: this is where they lost me. The filet mignon tasted as though.....someone had prepared it as though they were cooking ribs? I didnt get it. It had a distinct smoked taste. It was the last thing i was expecting. It was hard to choke down. I kept smothering it with my mashed potatoes, which is not usually how I want to eat something that I just paid $30 for. 
Dessert: Some sort of molten lava chocolate thing. Obviously awesome.
Service: good. But weird, definitely weird. They were constantly asking "can i take that? are you finished with that?" When I'm done chewing and shoving food in my mouth you may take my plate, sir, and not a moment before. When they brought the filet mignon/ribs hybrid, the waitress asked me to cut into it to make sure it was cooked right....I've gone to a shit ton of steak places before, ranging from shitty (think breakfast steak in AC) to upscale (Kobe beef at Barclay), and never have I A. had a steak that tasted like ribs, and B. had them ask me to cut into it to make sure it was cooked properly. I thought it was bizarre. Like, where's your confidence?! (btw, it was more medium well, than medium, which is what i asked for, but i'm not one to send food back. I dont want a sneezer!)

So basically? It's a seafood place. Dont order steak there, ok? If you dont eat seafood, then get french fries or something, but dont get the steak. You should definitely go to enjoy the view and the ambiance, it's a really nice place to sit and talk. I had a really good time there.
