Check my record.  I almost never write bad reviews.  However, after my meal last night, I woke up this morning pissed off and wanting my $110 back - so I felt compelled to chime in here.

I was so excited to try this place!  The menu looked great.  The aesthetic was cool and clever.  Unfortunately, the food itself fails PROFOUNDLY to deliver on the promise of the menu.  

The space inside is narrow but attractive - vaguely loungey.  Everyone from the hostess to the servers to the owner was beyond lovely.  Sadly, that is where the good ends.

I ordered a drink, the "Escape Velocity".  The #1 listed ingredient was "tobacco-infused Johnnie Walker", which sounded fucking heavenly.  I expected this drink to be a strong, earthy, peaty kick in the nuts. Instead I received a completely flabby and flaccid fruit bomb.  Ugh!

To their credit, the other drinks ordered at my table were good: Purity of Essence, Battle New Orleans, and the Singapore Sling.

On to the food:

- Korean style fried tofu - Good texture, but as someone who eats actual Korean fried chicken quite often, there was nothing even slightly Korean about this dish.  One of my dining partners astutely pointed out that these tasted like "Bugles", the cone-shaped snack from our youth.  He was spot on - these taste like they were coated in "Bugles dust" before being fried.

- Confit potato cup & mushroom - When I see the word "confit", my heart goes aflutter, reminiscing on some of the more exhilerating dishes of my dining lifetime - which is why this dish was all the more painful for me to endure.   Moderately tasty diced mushrooms were absolutely BLUDGEONED by the thick, starchy potato cup.  The potato itself tasted like the oldest, most stale and horrid french fry you've ever eaten.  Frustratingly bad.

- Wild Mushrooms & Barley - The wild mushrooms were really good, but oddly these were served on little toasts and each toast was different.  One had some mushrooms, one had an aggressively giant piece of baked garlic,  one had barley and a few mushrooms etc.  Weirdly uneven.  Lazy.

- Saffron Artichokes - Awful. Artichokes are one of my all-time favorite foods.  Unfortunately, they somehow managed to fuck this up by cooking them into oblivion...resulting in chunks of generic vegetable matter smothered in some not-very-interesting sauce.  We ordered two plates of these and only one of the plates contained dill.  Again, lazy as hell.

- Potato croquettes - Slightly overcooked but an OK approximation of potato pancakes.  Whatever.

- Marinated asparagus - Fine, but something I could make in my sleep in about 5 minutes.  Nothing special about it.

- Little stuffed peppers - Again, fine-ish, but reminiscent of something I would wearily whip up with leftover ingredients on a Wednesday night after a long day of work.

- Tofu & bean sausage - These were pretty cool.  Very tasty but small tofu sausages paired with a wonderful mustard accompanyment.

2.5 stars, rounded down to balance out all the stupidly exhuberant 4 and 5 star reviews.
I disagree - Charlie is a Saint!

Great experience last night at this spot. The place appealed to me for their vegetarian friendly options, and has been on my radar for some time. 

It's located right where all the other action is east of Broad Street. Be sure to plan for parking, and call ahead for reservations if you remember. I parked a few blocks south and walked my way up. We were only a party of two, but still ended up waiting a good 20 minutes at the bar before having our table set up. At the bar, we were able to get the attention of a bartender, and he personally stepped out to hand over a bar menu as well as take our order - super awesome! 

You can tell this is a fan favorite, there were lines for a table, at the bar, and even to get service. The last detail is what dings this place from being a full 5 star experience for me. It took more than 20 minutes after being seated (so around 40 minutes since entering the place) before we were presented with menus - and that's only because we had to inquire to have menus brought to us to begin with! That aside, it was busy, and many celebrations were happening so it's still worth the experience, just be vigilant in case the service overlooks you. 

Once we had the food options available, we ordered a few of the plates - the avocado toast, Korean tofu, cauliflower steak, and potato gnocchi. Overall the food was really tasty! We both agreed the avocado toast and the Korean tofu were our favorites. There was a depth of flavor with good use of the ingredients to really let the food shine. There was also this side of rice on the cauliflower dish that stole the show. It was really well developed, with surprise ingredients like raisins - I'm hoping it makes it's way as a main item. If the gnocchi was called something else, our opinions of it would be different. It was more fried than doughy, so it felt like we were eating some expensive french fries. The plates, tables, and portions are small - but shareable for two. 

Overall, I liked the experience, and the story behind the name still eludes me but the intrigue is there. Looking to find my way back here another time to crack that case!
Charlie was a sinner so that I didn't have to be. Okay maybe that was a bit much BUT this was the perfect spot for a meatless Friday during Lent. We stopped in during happy hour and noticed they no longer offer happy hour food specials. This may have also been that it was Friday; they may still offer them during the week. We chose the ricotta and zucchini crab cakes. The Ricotta was smooth more of a warm less thick cream cheese texture than a ricotta but was brightened with citrus zest and fresh black pepper. It also came with the most perfectly crispy yet chewy bread. If you do not like citrus the ricotta will not be your favorite. I would absolutely order this again. We then ordered two zucchini "crab cakes" which came with crisp yucca chips, now these can get you thinking about giving up meat, if only for one meal. The patty tasted like zucchini and maybe creamed spinach (perfectly seared on both sides, which kept the patty together to the last bite), and buns lightly dressed in an old bay remoulade. These "crab cakes" are the main reason to visit this cozy spot. While I have not tried their cocktails yet, I see why they have so many rave reviews; the bar is lined with fresh juices in glass containers. I would say this is a safe bet for you meat eaters out there. This restaurant is microscopic, so leave the kids at home and come in on date night. A plus for me is that it is easily accessible from the 12-13 & Locust Patco stop. Until Next time Charlie!
We stopped here for a drink after having dinner at Barbuzzo down the street. The place was jam-packed and very loud. Which is pretty much what I expected at late night. The cocktail I ordered was great. The service was all hands on deck and saw manager taking orders from the tables to accommodate the guests. I'd go back here for dinner.

PS: If you like to explore your cocktails, I recommend going off menu and give your server your favorite liquor and answer a few questions about flavor profile. The bartenders are fantastic and you won't be disappointed by their artistic freedom!
Charlie may have been a sinner, but he did one thing right by lending his name to this dark and sexy spot on 13th. Surely that must count for some type of penance? 

I arrived at a lucky moment when there was a single open table in an otherwise packed establishment. But it was by the window, on a slightly chilly evening. I soon found out my luck was on a roll when a second table opened up at the nearby banquette, a perfect spot for a drink and a few bites.

Since I was not planning on drinking (even the sinners need a break now and then), I was happy to see a handful of mocktails. The raspberry/ginger/club soda concoction was served on ice and just the right amount of sweet.

My companion and I shared several plates - everything on the menu is vegan. We had the little hot dogs, the chickpea fries, saffron artichokes and confit potato cup with mushrooms. I thought the artichokes were super boring; there just wasn't anything remotely special about them. As a carnivore, the hot dogs didn't do it for me. The chickpea fries were a nice bite and I liked that they didn't come across as super heavy. It took a while for the potato and mushroom dish to come out but it was totally worth the wait - the plate was super flavorful and had a great mix of textures. I will absolutely order that on my next visit. 

We finished off with the apple fritters, which are basically tempura apple slices served with a side of melted chocolate. I personally think caramel or butterscotch would have been a better partner but it was a solid sweet ending.

Stock that booze, Charlie. Next time, I'm coming in thirsty.
Charlie's major sins:  

1. The drinks are good, but lots of ice and mint leaves for a flat fee of 12$ for any drink. You are paying for the ambiance, but that is mostly worth it, so make sure you grab a seat at the bar to really enjoy this place as it should be. Order the "5 year plan" as your first drink. 

2. Sadly no IPA's on tap for the enthusiasts. 

3. Try the beet dumplings, but don't bother with the crab cakes or the chickpea fries. Money better spent at El Vez or Barbuzzo for a meal at the same price. 

4. Great small vegan plates, but many are overly priced bites that fall short of expectations.
I really wanted to like this place. I'm vegan and I want to see vegan restaurants succeed. But I was pretty disappointed by the experience. 

My boyfriend and I were attending a play at the Walnut and gave ourselves two hours to eat. The service was so slow at this restaurant that we got to our seats at the theater just as the curtain rose -- literally! At Charlie's, we had a table all the way in the back, where servers were preparing checks and doing other things, and the restroom was immediately beyond that little area. We sat there with dirty dishes for so long, no check, the clock ticking away, and servers who were less that six feet from us just being idle. So that was pretty frustrating. When we did get someone's attention, we mentioned we had to go, and they check was brought promptly. Maybe slow service is part of the scene here?

The drinks. The cocktails are $12. Don't order the Five Year Plan because it's served in a short glass on the rocks and it's loaded with peaches and mint (I think?) so the actual liquid is like one or two sips. I felt truly ripped off! The draft and bottled beer is really not worth mentioning -- they offer a handful and none were interesting. 

The food. We ordered the Maryland crab cakes. They dish consists of two little patties on mini rolls and they were good, very oniony though, but fine. Then we ordered the mini hot dogs, and they were fine. Then the chickpea fries, which come with garlic aoili. That was probably my favorite dish. But to be honest, our bill was $125 (including tip) and we both left hungry.

I'm not saying I don't recommend this place -- you should go if you know what to expect, and that would be alarmingly overpriced food and drink and slow service. Also, it's a really small space, so the tables are very close together. It didn't bother me, but if you need a lot of privacy, you'd most likely feel uncomfortable.

Like others have mentioned, this restaurant is very dark. It has sort of a weird vibe because there are lights that sort of rotate around and light projected onto a dark curtain -- not sure what was up with that. But it would be "I can't see at all" dark, then a light would turn toward you for a few seconds, then go away. It seems like the owners are going for a specific feel here, maybe nightclub? It felt amateur, though, and annoying! 

Don't go here expecting something on the same level as Vedge. I think Charlie's needs to lay off the gimmicks, lighten the place up, make the service more efficient, and ease up on the cost of the cocktails in order to attract diners who would turn into repeat customers. It sounds like I just described Vedge here. Maybe just go to Vedge and skip this place. For now.
At home, my wife and I subscribe to the notion that PETA actually stands for People Eating Tasty Animals. Despite knowing that CWAS was vegan joint beforehand, we still maintained an unexplainable glimmer of hope that the "Maryland Crab Cakes" might have a mote of meat. Turns out it was unnecessary. This food was delicious and pretty filling even for meat eaters like us. 

The goods:
Open restaurant floorplan kept my elbows happy

Cloth backing to one wall seemed to hold down the noise level enough so talking wasn't a chore (unlike, say, Mercato)

Incredibly rich flavors abounded. Our favorite was the Pappillotte of Sunchokes, which imbued the hearty veggies with a coat-your-mouth umami flavor

Great cocktail list also mentioned by other reviewers. Uniquely, CWAS doesn't appear to add much syrup/sugar to their creations, simultaneously making them less cloying to drink and more impressive that they are drinkable

One suggestion:
The beer list is good but not great. It focuses largely on less-rich lagers and un-beers. I'd love to see a rich Belgian-style (Raison d'Etre?) on tap in addition to the Kostritzer they have
I'm torn right now, because I want everyone to try this place out; however, if I say the 'v' word, many people may decide not to. Our server was so awesome and thorough. He knew the menu from front to back and made everything sound so damn delicious. This place proves that vegan food CAN be everything you wanted (or didn't realize you wanted) and needed in a meal. Our party consisted of both vegans and meat-eaters... all were satisfied. Well done, Charles.
I'm on the fence at the moment,  3.7 stars. Also,  I was unaware this was a vegan spot lol but it was a fun experience. 

Arrived Saturday night,  no reservation just seeing if they could fit my date and I in,  and within 5 minutes,  we had a mini table by the front door. 

Service throughout the night was point on, friendly and professional. It did get extremely loud in here and when crowds were coming in they started to close in around us but the flow seemed to be moving nicely.

This is the point I figured out the menu. I picked the charred shishito peppers and the potato croquettes. Both fantastic. I love shishito peppers and will always get them when I see them on a menu. The romanesco sauce was a great pairing for them. The potato croquettes had a nice crisp coating and creamy on the inside, perfect with the chipotle aioli. I figured my date would get the sliders,  but he noticed "beef" and passed. Im sure they would have been great. 

I wasn't in love with either cocktail I ordered. First one I think was called "running out of thyme ". Love thyme,  glanced at the rest of the ingredients and thought good choice. Server told me it was very savory. Sounded fun,  but it was so oniony I had a hard time enjoying it. Straight up tasted like it was vodka soaked with scallions. Very odd. The second cocktail was better, mango,  mint,  citrus.. ok but again,  not a favorite. 

I'd come back to try more dishes,  being lactose intolerant I appreciate vegan desserts.
Oh Charlie, whatever your sins may be, I am oh so smitten with you!

Beautiful space, posh, but not so posh that I feel out of place. In fact, I feel like even I become just a little bit swankier simply by walking in the door. Thanks, Charlie!

I'm not normally a lover of cocktails. Give me a Belgian beer or a cider & I'm thrilled, but I actually adore the signature cocktails at Charlie's. So far, I've experienced the Hasty Tasty, Les Fleurs du Mal, & the Bodhisattva. I loved all 3 of them & will definitely drink them again...after I try all the other cocktails on the menu!

Ahh, & the food. Small plates, super tasty, all vegan. My favorites include the Little Hot Dogs, the Chickpea Fries, & the Bucatini & Meatballs. And the desserts...love the chocolate cake, which is unlike any chocolate cake you have ever had & the apple fritters with chocolate sauce--SWOON!

Charlie, I am digging your sinful ways. Highly recommend.
Wonderful experience here!  Came in with my son for a 5pm reservation.  They seated us upon arrival even though we were early.  The places is cozy and fun - very speakeasy.  Nice spot to grab dinner or just drink and snacks and not too noisy.  The staff are friendly, helpful, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu.  Parking wasn't an issue - there's a lot half a block away.  

Absolutely get the Charlie's Sliders and the potato croquettes.  They were the stars.  The gnocchi was good, and the pickled root veg weren't anything to write home about.  For dessert we shared the raspberry creme brûlée and the chocolate pudding.  The creme brûlée was ok - the pudding was INCREDIBLE.  

Will definitely return to try other things!  Thanks for a wonderful dining experience.
The vegan wings are sooo good. Happy hour drinks were ok but I'll be back for the food!
I think that this is a good place to visit if you want a nice cocktail and a laid-back bar, but there is work that needs to be done with the food here.  I enjoy visiting plant-based restaurants, but there really weren't any dishes that I loved here.  The artichokes had an odd flavor and were difficult to eat, the chickpea fries were insanely salty, and tacos were difficult to share since there was only one of them on the plate!  First world problems, of course, but with the prices and the upscale vibe, I was hoping for a better experience!  Even though we paid a good amount here, I sadly left feeling pretty hungry.  I know they're still relatively new, but I really hope they can get it together and make some changes.  I would recommend skipping the food and stopping in for happy hour (Monday to Friday from 4-7) for their $6 cocktails at this point.
This is one of those magical vegan places that doesn't taste like a vegan place. At the suggestion of a regular though not on the menu, the bartender made me an artful and delicious bee sting that came in a honeycomb patterned glass, with one big round ice cube, garnished with crystalized ginger. Everything was very tasty, my personal highlights were the Peppernotta, outlandishly creamy potato croquettes, and the spiced cauliflower. 

Decor is seductive and interesting with an artistic projection on one fabric wall. It would be the perfect place to impress a vegetarian or vegan

Service was top notch, fast and patient with my group of 6 women who spent more time with chatting than looking at the menu.
100% vegan cocktail bar, offering small plates and strong drinks. The dimly lit interior is old world speakeasy inspired, managing to be both casual and elegant. Their cocktail list is inventive, and food options are not limited to a specific cuisine. I wanted to love this place, but the experience was hit and miss. 

My fiancé and I arrived without a reservation on a Thursday night, and waited about 10 minutes for a table. The indoor seating felt cramped for Covid times, so we opted to dine outside. The outdoor tables are enclosed in booths with velvet curtains, so it felt like a somewhat private experience, even though we were technically on a sidewalk. 

Two out of three of the cocktails we ordered were really bad. We assumed the Imperial Buck would be akin to a Dark & Stormy, but it just tasted overwhelmingly of fresh ginger. I like all of the ingredients in the Lucy & Ricky (tequila, Italian aperitif, hard cider), but this cocktail was unbalanced, watery, and bitter. Desperate for a decent cocktail, I ordered a third, the "One Night In Bangkok", which fortunately was excellent. The peanut butter washed bourbon and coconut milk combination was delicious, with little vegetal hints of cucumber, and just the right amount of spice. 

All of the food we tried was good, but not great. The Caramelized Eggplant Bao Buns were nice and fluffy, but the eggplant just tasted like hoisin sauce. The Charlie Sliders were boring Impossible patties, topped with a weird marinara (why?). The Artichoke Frites were little nuggets of deep fried breading. My favorite dish was the Lyonnaise Potatoes, which were roasted to tender-creamy perfection, studded with savory tempeh bacon, and served atop a fantastic dill aioli. 

I like that Charlie Was A Sinner exists, but I wish the food and cocktails were better.
Had the oddest experience here tonight. Yelpers stay away from this discriminatory establishment!

We walked in to a room that was barely filled and assumed it was open seating. As we proceeded past the bar, the bartender stopped us and said we needed to see the hostess for a table. Totally fine, except her tone was a little off. I think my date might have made a slight reaction to her less than friendly phrasing, to which she countered with "fix your face." It just plummeted down hill from there. She probably asked him to fix his face 2-3 more times. We asked if there was a problem, and she proclaimed no, but reminded us how rude it was to not have seen the hostess first. It's important to underscore that there was no hostess, so this is a case of you don't know what you don't know. The manager came out to apologize, and while I have no idea if the bartender was reprimanded, I will NEVER set foot inside this establishment again. It was beyond embarrassing and totally qualifies for harassment!
Who is Charlie? I'd like to thank him for being a sinner, because it's almost criminal how much I loved this place. It's waaay sexier inside than I ever imagined. It's very dim-lit with cozy tables, velvet curtains, and tea-light candles on every table. I'd absolutely suggest this place for a date night. I, however, came here with my girls for #SIPS, and it was hands down one of the best happy hours I've encountered in the city.

You should know off the bat that this restaurant is completely plant based. As an avid carnivore, I can say, I was completely thrilled with the variety and flavor of every item I tried. There's a good mix of small plates offered at happy hour. We sampled the Charred Shishito Peppers with Romesco Sauce (red peppers and nuts), Potato Croquettes, Zucchini "Crabcake" Sliders, and Korean Style Fried Tofu, all washed down with the Red Sparrow cocktail. My favorite dish was the potato croquettes with chipotle aioli - it was like a lightly fried ball of the creamiest mashed potatoes, a mashed potato truffle if you will. Honestly, I'd drink a cocktail made with that chipotle aioli. DELICIOUS. 

My least fav was the Korean Style Fried Tofu, and my three friends agreed. It was spicier than I anticipated, and while the texture was perfect, there seemed to be a bit of a bitter aftertaste. Maybe it was the black sesame seeds. Either way, I wouldn't order it again. 

Our server was funny and tolerant of our goofy giggles. He was fairly attentive to our table, but you could tell he was busy, given the time and day. 

Huge fan of this place. I am super keen to come back and try more menu items. I'd avoid coming here with parties larger than four, as it's a narrow, tight little restaurant. However, this is the type of place that's fun to come with a couple of friends and have the ability to taste test a few things.
We Need to Talk About Charlie!
- Charlie was a sinner. Everybody Knows!
- Charlie pulled the plug, and went completely healthy- I'm pretty sure Charlie was.
- Charlie knew that one day, vegan food will be breaking new ground.
- Charlie proved to all of us that his all vegan plates are absolutely mind-blowing.
- Charlie's Buccatini and Meatballs, Tofu & Bean Sausage are going beyond boundaries.
- Charlie's Ricotta, Mmmmm Hmmmm! Mere words are not enough.
- Charlie's sins were/ are unpredictable, still. if you haven't already, it is time to explore the new wave of vegan food. Trust me its not boring, neither dull at all. In fact, every single plate was so flavorful, and I'm NOT vegan or even vegetarian- I mean, how can I ever say no to eggs, milk, & dairy. Never. 
- Charlie started a whole new world in vegan "cuisine," and his people had attended every detail. 

Four and Half Yelps.
Am I a vegan or vegetarian? Absolutely not but it doesn't matter for several reasons. The first thing that attracted me to Charlie was a Sinner? The  announcement of the wage increase to $15 for its frontline staff. I am pro worker, I am sure this decision 
didn't come lightly or without a lot of thought. This a moment  for ownership, management and teammates to feel proud and strongly about. The second reason unexpectedly for me the food was delicious. 
Tofu is not my thing but I do like Korean style cuisine and creative 'spirit' options.

To start the outdoor seating is creative and comfortable if you're seated in a 'chalet'. I enjoyed everything after being seated. My server after questions suggested a spirit 'Divine Hammer', nice job'  I don't recall his name as he did not introduce himself. Things shouldn't be that fast paced. The Korean Style Crisp Tofu is a must even if Tofu is not for you. The crispness, flavor and pickled vegetables are a winner for sure! The classic burger is not firm or similar to an impossible burger but the plant based meat and added condiments set of off nicely. Each portion was fair, plated pleasant to the eye and closer to served hot than warm, better than most places.

Again I AM NOT A VEGAN OR A VEGETARIAN but I like Charlie's Sinful ways.
I've actually never been to the restaurant YET but I hear it's quite lovely, sexy and romantic. Just my style. We ordered using Caviar which I love and highly recommend. They often have free nights or $5 off your first order and email coupon  codes often. So look out for that. Follow them on Insta. 

 It was so hard to narrow down just what to order as it all sounded so enticing. We ordered the Chickpea fries with aioli, crab cake sliders with hand cut chips and Potato croquettes. I LOVED EVERYTHING!! EVERYTHING! It was all so flavorful. The "crab" was perfectly seasoned. Both sauces (for the croquettes and fries) were delicious and creamy! I will definitely be ordering more and heading over there. A lot! The mushroom barley toast and bucatini with spicy meatballs are what's up next for this girl. 

What a great concept! This vegan is a little happier because of Charlie. I'll sin with him anytime.
A craft cocktail bar with Vegan food. I'm a big fan of both and to have both in one setting, well that's just fabulous! Place is small so make reservations in advance. Dimly lit,trendy and definitely speakeasy-esque. Very cute for date nights. Our party of four showed up without reservations on Valentine's day and luckily we were early enough and were seated at the lounge. Shortly after, a throng of couples stormed in.
 I don't remember what my group ordered for drinks, however my drink was delicious!! 
it was one of their Valentine special. A concoction of raspberry with cocoa powder and I believe a champagne base. 

Our plates were amazing. One of our dishes were scrumptious and beguiling pieces of tofu, lightly crisped on the outside. It was soo good!!!
Our potato gnocchi was so creamy and velvety in texture. Very toothsome. Maryland style 'crab cake' were good, but I'm not a fan. It was a remoulade and lettuce in bun, in substitute of crab. Mehh.

It was a light but luscious indulgence to have before our big Vday dinner.
A nice cocktail selection with extremely friendly service.  

How did I end up landing on an average rating? Everything else just seems so nondescript and average.  The giant TV type wall in the back seems out of place, as if it was there before and they didn't feel the need to adjust.  The menu, while offering some unique items, falls short.  My advice is to pass on the chickpea fries.  The prices, again while not out of line, are far from a bargain.

The cocktails are really good and it is fun to watch them be prepared.  Try to grab a seat at the bar.  I enjoyed my "5 year plan" and the taste I had of the bodhisattva.  Be prepared, the bodhisattva is thick.  Ask for advice if you aren't quite sure, the servers and bartenders know their drinks well.  Enjoy more than one and you might be convienced to ramp up the rating.
Cute spot to grab some yummy vegan eats and fun drinks. I forgot to snap a pic of my drink, but it was delicious. We grabbed two seats at the bar around 9:00pm on a Wednesday and the place was packed. 

The bartender was so attentive and kind, which has been our experience with everyone we've encountered in Philly. The seating is super cozy and they have some outdoor spots as well. The eggplant bao was so delicious and our waitress kindly added an extra bao so the 2 of us could have the same number of pieces. 
I would definitely be back!
CHARLIE 

Charlie was a sinner
And by far, was no beginner
Had hurt more than his shareScarring souls without a care

Women, wine and song
Made it easy to be wrong
And seldom getting caught, you see
Only fueled his rash debauchery

A sinner was our Charlie
A repentant - not hardly
Lend him money, he would bet it
If he owed you, he'd forget it

Every friend became an enemy
An assassin, albeit tentatively
He'd curse away an orphan boy
Would lace with poison a puppy's toy

When Charlie was a sinner
The law's patience became thinner
He tried to square with God, at least
But could not find a willing priest

So Charlie died a sinner
Gunned down while eating dinner
His last words fell on deaf ears
And his funeral brought no tears

By Joseph DiFrancesco
Copyright 2019

Was so moved by my experience there, that I penned this in a cab while returning home.

(When asked about the restaurant's name, the waiter guessed it was the first line of the owner's unfinished novel)

In any event, I don't think they much cared for my work, but I LOVED their's.  Tapas style entrees. all vegan, which I'm not, but the flavors and culinary inventiveness were outstanding.  

Cocktails are wonderful - for me, Road Less Traveled, amazing.  I had 3.  Hence the cab.

The atmosphere is speakeasyish.  Cool crowd and ambience.  

I will soon return.  Sadly Charlie will not.
First impressions: really great cocktail list. Rivals hop sing, please don't ban me Le, there's room for both of you.  The interior is very swanky. I honestly felt underdressed when I walked in. But everyone else was casual too minus the manager? in a tux complete with a pocket square.  Nicole, the owner, confirmed that she's going for a casual atmosphere.  It's pretty small.  Bar seats about 15. There are 10ish tables in the back, but there are also a few small tables in the very front that I didn't notice until I left. Food is small plates. It all looked delicious. I tried the chickpea fries which were very tasty and the mushroom toast.  I've also had the Singapore Sling and the Five Year Plan, as well as the refreshing apple beer they currently have on tap.  I'm looking forward to a proper dinner there.
I came here last night with some friends hoping to try out a great new vegan joint and celebrate.  The place itself is pretty neat and it's a pretty comfortable setting.  The hostess and servers were very nice as well.

Now on to my disappointment: All cocktails $12?! Seriously your tiny cocktail was nothing exciting and most definitely not worth $12. This isn't New York.  The entire menu was overpriced.  I can't believe tiny tiny plates of vegetables cost so much.  Their food cost was probably around a $1 or $2 yet they think they can charge $15 for some broccoli rabe that tastes like they poured liquid smoke on it.  We ordered 4 plates among two people and I left feeling hungry. Who wouldn't after eating a $7 plate of chickpea fries that literally consisted of 6 fries stacked on each other.
Charlie Was a Sinner (CWaS) sounds like the name of a 70s-era porno, but don't be fooled.  CWaS definitely provides a sexy romp, but don't expect to end with a money shot.  CWaS prefers you to end with a full belly and good alcoholic buzz -- from delicious vegetarian eats combined with top-notch craft cocktails.

CWaS is probably the sexiest restaurant in Philadelphia right now.  Everything about the place -- from the discreet entrance to the dark interior -- just oozes naughtiness.

Luckily, CWaS provides a product that lives up to the high expectations set by the ambiance.  I met up with some friends here on a Saturday night, and we all sat at the bar and shared cocktails and small plates.  

I started with the Goin' Down Easy -- a gin/lemongrass/chartreuse creation that had me melting into my seat.  It was gone so quickly that my bartender suggested I have something stronger and boozer, so I fell back on my old standby, the Aviation.  And it was fabulous.

I had four different small plates, which was just the right amount of food for a reasonably hungry person.  Feel free to adjust up or down depending on your appetite.  Here's the rundown:

1.  Potato croquettes with smoked paprika aioli.  Totally heavenly.  Loved the crispy exterior and the gooey, melty interior.  And the aioli packed a strong, spicy punch.

2.  Charred Caesar salad.  I normally skip Caesar salads at restaurants because I find them boring, but this unique twist caught my attention.  The grilled greens with crispy croutons were to die for.

3.  Faux Maryland "crab cakes" with remoulade and Bibb lettuce.  Perhaps the simplest item of the night, but it was definitely successful in flavor department.  The faux crab meat was rich and satisfying -- I didn't miss actual seafood whatsoever.

4.  Potato gnocchi with butternut squash barigoule, beech mushroom, and sage gremolata.  Hands down the most delicious item of the night, and definitely the most elegant and refined.  The dish was gorgeous to look at, and I loved assembling the perfect bites with the gnocchi, creamy butternut squash, and the tender mushrooms.  Love!

Service at CWaS is just as sexy as the food and ambiance.  The bartenders were friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable about the menu -- but, hell, they were so damn pretty that they could've just read the phonebook to me and I would've been perfectly content.

If I lived in Philadelphia, CWaS would be one of my regular haunts.  Not only would I be forever well-fed, but I imagine my sex life would improve too.  (Isn't the the best possible incentive?)
This is such a cozy spot for drinks. 

The place is small and if you plan on sitting at a table and not the bar, I highly recommend getting a reservation. The seats at the front of the restaurant are tiny as very close together. One table is right in the entrance. So if you get seated up there you'll have no privacy and it feels like everyone is walking on top of you. The back seats are a lot more spacious and private. The decor there is also much nicer. Since they specialize in small plates, the bar is also a great place to sit. 

Happy hour has some decent deals and the drinks are well made. I think this place deserves a few visits since they have such a large collection of house drinks. Loved looking through the menu, which was designed to be a novel of sorts. There's also so much are and decor at He walls your bound to notice something new you come each time.
Spent $40 for the bill, tax and tip for two drinks and an appetizer. The chickpea fries were okay, but I've definitely had better. The drinks were very, very expensive, although tasty and boozy. I would return for happy hour prices, maybe. However, once V-Street opens, I will no longer have an interest in you, Charlie.
So this isn't  a place I would sit down and do a full meal at because it's tapas. But I would come here and get a few plate and try a few things each time. The interior is so beautiful it's perfect for a date night. Perfect for a pre going out spot. The drinks here are amazing I can say that. The food here is pretty good too. Everything is vegan and everything was delicious. The brussle sprout dish was super. I will be back in the future to try more.
We had heard about this place and decided to check it out. We walked in the door to a strange little waiting area. The host was very nice (but seemed a bit nervous) and told us there were no tables available but that we could wait there and get drinks until something opened up. 

"There" was at this long bench with a few (maybe 3) small tables alongside. There were 4 of us and this made for some awkward seating. It took about a half an hour to get a table. During this time, we were each brought a drink and all of the drinks were very nicely done. The drinks took a while to be made, but after tasting them you could see why. The staff was very nice and very prompt in refilling our water while we waited.

When we were seated they brought us farther back into the room. I was surprised to see just how small the place was. The wall to the left of the room had a large projector playing scenes on it. I could tell that this place was going for a very trendy, hip vibe. But I felt it was trying too hard, basically hitting me over the head with it. Something about the projector wall made me feel that the small space was even smaller.

We each ordered another drink (which were very good as well) and then decided to move on to someplace else. If I didn't know of other great cocktail bars in the city, I'd be more inclined to return here. I did not try the food, so perhaps I will give it another try. Overall though the atmosphere wasn't doing it for me.
I liked my visit to Charlie was a Sinner, and I can see myself coming back for happy hour. The decor is swanky and the menu is new and exciting. We tried a happy hour strawberry cucumber drink that was perfectly summery and fruity. We also had the vegan crabcakes, which were moist and citrus-flavored. I personally thought it was a pretty good representation of crab, but if I were expecting actual crab, I may have been disappointed.

On that note, my only complaint about this bar is that I didn't see anywhere in the menu that this place was all vegan. I only saw it on yelp because I frequent the site, but if I were a visitor expecting hot dogs or crab cakes (both of which are on the menu), I would be really angry if a vegan version came out unexpected. Regardless, I loved the food and the drinks, and I happen to also love veggies, so I was happy with my choices and experience here!
I went here with a co-worker and both got drinks and food during happy hour. They got us in with no reservation. The cocktails were DELICIOUS. We split a zucchini slider and their house ricotta. The zucchini was good, even if you don't like zucchini it's worth trying. The ricotta was awesome and it's a really good size, served with sourdough, I'm pretty sure it was a tofu ricotta and not a cashew ricotta. I also had the mushroom risotto, which was delicious, but still not as creamy as some other vegan risottos I've had. She had the gnocchi which was good as well. The portion sizes are slightly larger than tapas, so we were told to try two or three. Two would have definitely been enough. I'd also highly recommend the chocolate pot de creme.
Late night Monday. Charming. Delicious. Small plates with no bad choices. Malbec was also excellent.
Absolutely the most dynamic menu I have seen in the area. As the manager of a local business, I've found it hard to find quality cocktails and wondrous food options without falling into the typical. Charlie was a sinner delivered a great experience, a beautiful environment, and some excellent drinks. I'm just nervous I'll never get a seat at the bar again beyond the soft open I enjoyed today.
This place has amazing potential, but it isn't there yet based on my visit on day 4. We won't know where it'll be for another six months (from what I hear this is usually how long critics wait before they review restaurants) and I have only high hopes for its potential awesomeness considering how delicious Hip City Veg is. 

That being said, the problem is that the food is not nearly as delicious as Hip City Veg or other vegan restaurants I've been to in Philly. The only dish that stood out to me at all were the chickpea fries. We ordered about half of the menu and every other dish was kind of bland with small portions to match (I know they do small plates but can't they do some bigger plates?) I will also say that, while the drinks were strong alcohol wise, some of the flavors were a bit overpowering. For example, we had a mojito like cocktail with lots of herbs, but it was so herbaceous that it was difficult to drink. That being said, the cocktail list is really creative and I did have some drinks on there that were absolutely solid. Surely, I'll be back again for those. 

Again, this place is really going to change, and it would be unfair for you to take my advice without a grain of salt as your experience could be totally different (the restaurant is still in its experimentation phase). However, I feel that it's important for people to be honest about their experiences, rather than just jumping on the bandwagon because we have another vegan place, so that the chefs can keep innovating and making things better.

But let's be honest there. This is a vegan bar. That is priceless. Regardless of what they do with the menu, I know that come a month from now, I'll be lucky if I get a seat at this place.
Alrighty folks, this is going to be another doozy of a post, but only because this meal was life changing. Buckle in and get ready.

I don't know who Charlie is and what he did to become a sinner, but my hunch is that Gluttony was his cardinal sin. After eating here, it makes total sense.

I came to Charlie Was A Sinner on Friday night of last week, around 11:30pm. I had just driven through three hours of traffic and was slightly hangry and cranky. Charlie set me straight. I got a Mango Spice Mocktail, the Eggplant Bao Bun, Silken Tofu and Mushroom Ramen, and the Chocolate Pot de Créme.

The mango mocktail was amazing. My only negative critique was that it was heavier on the ice than I would have preferred. The mango flavor was thick and creamy and, at first sip, was like the consistency of a mango lassi. As it moved down the tongue, you realize the viscosity was that of a mango juice: thick, but still diluted enough that it was easy to suck through a straw. When it hit the throat, that's when you taste the red bell pepper. The spice caught me off guard, but in a really good way: like when someone slaps you with $10,000 in cash and then gives you the wad of cash. The red bell pepper spice is prominent. 

Now for the eggplant bao bun (pictured) - this was, without a doubt, the highlight of my weekend trip to Philly. At first, it seemed small and underwhelming. Yes, the presentation was good, but come on... such a small dish! I picked up the Bao Bun and it was soft and doughy, just as a Bao Bun should be. The eggplant was tender and incredibly flavorful. I have never had eggplant prepared in such a way. I like eggplant in other dishes (eggplant parm, etc) but this dish made me LOVE eggplant. If Menelaus, the king of Sparta, had this eggplant Bao Bun when Paris of Troy kidnapped Helen, I don't think the Trojan war would have taken place. 

Next, the silken tofu and mushroom ramen: not going to lie, after having the mango mocktail and the Bao Bun, the ramen was a let down. Don't get me wrong, it was GOOD! But when you've tasted ambrosia from the gods, it's hard for anything else to compare. The broth was amazing, the combination of the mushrooms was incredible (and frankly, quite educational: I had never had so many varieties of mushrooms in the same dish before), and the level of spice and seasoning was perfect. This entree was heavy and filling. Difficult to share because of the nature of ramen, but this didn't stop us from placing it in the middle of the table and devouring it. The highlight of this dish was the broth. If I could recreate the broth, I'd start my own company.

Finally: the chocolate Pot de Creme (pictured). Oh good lord the Chocolate Pot de Creme. This was a recommendation from the waitress herself (I asked for her recommendation; this wasn't unsolicited). The chocolate itself was thick, cold, and rich (think of like the most amazing pudding you've ever had...but it was Creme. I felt like a little kid again) but it was underneath a mountain of light and fluffy whipped cream. But this wasn't your average whipped cream, the kind you use to prank friends after they pass out drunk at a frat party. No, this whipped cream was creamy yet fluffy, seasoned yet subtle, loving yet aggressive. I couldn't get enough. When my friend took her first bite, she immediately exclaimed that nothing in this world would ever satisfy her like the chocolate Pot de Creme did. I could see this Pot de Creme ending relationships. I may be wrong, but I have a hunch this dessert is the reason why she's moving to Philly.

The environment was dark and candlelit, but the space was loud yet cozy. It was certainly more cramped than other restaurants in used to, but it felt like it was an exclusive space. The waiters and waitresses were incredibly efficient and knew everything about the dishes, regularly refilled drinks, and were nothing short of exceptionally polite. The price of the meal was much higher than what I, a recent college grad, am used to but the experience was absolutely worth it. 

Charlie (whoever he is) may have been a sinner, but this meal was closer to divinity than anything else. I highly recommend Charlie Was A Sinner to everyone. Amazingly, everything was vegan! Thank you to the staff for giving me a warm Philly welcome!
We really enjoyed Charlie was a Sinner. We were not alone in our assessment: having come shortly after opening, the place was packed by the time we left.

Having arrived in time for happy hour, we started with cocktails and a couple discounted plates. I had a smoky, gingery scotch sour that they had called "Pennicilin." For Heather, it was a glass of the mango-passionfruit punch. With this, we had sliders and tacos on coconut-corn "tortillas" (more like arepas). 

The sliders were fantastic, with a wonderful vegan Russian dressing that balanced the lentil burgers perfectly. The tacos were underwhelming, though the tortilla-arepas were very nice.  I was very curious about the tobacco-infused Johnny Walker drink, but I didn't have the nerve to get it as my only cocktail (I had to drive).

We moved into the dining room and ordered a few more things: chickpea fries, Korean-style barbecue tofu, and gnocci. We also got a basil lemonade, which allegedly had fennel. (The allegations were never proven.)

The chickpea fries, alas, did not live up to hype. They were fine, but quite bland and served with an oddly huge vat of equally bland mayonnaise. Happily, we found a use for the mayo-vat as a fire suppressant for the excellent and very spicy barbecue tofu. The tofu looked just like chicken thighs, and eating these together, one could get the full range of flavors that the chef had squeezed into them.

The gnocci were perfect--pillowy on the inside and crisply fried on the outside. I almost wrote "butter-fried," but I realize that can't be true. I therefore don't know how they did it--coconut oil? It was topped with remarkable fried herbs, which went soggy quite quickly but were really something special in those first instants. The squash hemispheres with which they were served were, in my mind, too firm for the dish, though I'm sure the chef would disagree. Their mushroom sauce was just the thing.

I would be glad to come back here. I actually liked it a good deal better than Vedge, which, although perhaps more artful, wasn't actually as good: give me sliders over salty pickles on a slate any day.

Heather's rebuttal: (1) The tacos were not as good as the sliders, but they were more than underwhelming. (2) The sliders were a bit drier than ideal. (3) The cocktails were wonderful and I failed to mention that. (4) "Pillowy" was just the right word for the gnocci.
I so enjoyed coming here! The atmosphere was lovely, and the waiter was very knowledgable and attentive.  The food was great, especially the potato croquettes. What really impressed me about the service was after I accidentally knocked over and spilled a drink and started to clean it up, the waiter graciously came over and quickly finished cleaning it up for me. Then, he brought me a replacement drink without me asking for one which I thought was really nice!
I think his name is Fernando. Oh, I hope it is Fernando! He needs to know we adore him. The food and drinks were already great, but Fernando made it an exceptional experience! He sold the hell outta the menu. At some point, we asked to record him. 

I'm not vegan, nor vegetarian, but I do appreciate good food. I honestly feel like every item we ordered was delicious, both food and drinks. I didn't have any leftovers. What Fernando did, was confidently answer every question we had about ingredients and texture, and he gave us great suggestions. The added bonus was how he described the experience we would have and then it would happen, just as he described it, like a guided tasting. Aside from his beautiful descriptions, his service was superb. 

Picture a table of four, mesmerized by our server and making "MMM!" and "Oh! There it is!" faces while we ate. That was us.
Really great drinks here.
This place was "third times a charm" for my happy hour buddy and I as we had originally planned on going to Graffiti Bar but rain + it being packed = no go. Then we went to Tiki Bar and it just wasn't our scene so we bounced across the street to Charlie and I am so glad we did. The place has a very low key vibe and the bartenders are really talented. This place is now on our short list of happy hour spots going forward.
I was completely blown away by Charlie Was a Sinner!
We came in on a Thursday evening for my boyfriends birthday... Be sure to make reservations! We got there around 5:30 which was just in time for happy hour, which lasts from 4 to 6. We were greeted and served by the sweetest waitress who had the best attitude the whole time-I wish I could remember her name!
When here, cocktails are a must. Today during happy hour all of the cocktails were included in the $10 special: I had a pink moon Which was probably one of the best cocktails I've ever had in a restaurant. It was just the right amount of sweetness and it was very refreshing.
The food is just as good as the drinks: we split the mac & cheese, mamas meatballs, the eggplant bao, and the Korean fried tofu. 4 dishes among the two of us was perfect and each dish was flavorful and plated beautifully. It is difficult to choose a favorite because each item tasted so different, but the eggplant bao may have been my top!
On top of amazing service and refreshments, The atmosphere here is truly one of a kind and is perfect for a nicer day tonight or birthday celebration. The bill does add up but it is definitely worth it for special occasions.
I'm already planning my next visit to Philly just to eat here again!
I have resisted writing a review for Charlie's because I'm loathe to give a vegan place less than 5 stars. But I do enjoy Charlie's and 4 isn't half bad!

I really enjoy coming here for happy hour or they're a place I never imagined as a Sips location (summertime) but if you can make it on a Wednesday and stake a claim at the bar, dine your heart out.

The cocktails are very good, the food is also good - but for this kind of atmosphere, I feel like the food is too heavy/junk-food like, without being in the comfort food realm. That is, I feel like the menu is missing freshness and lightness, and most things are very heavy. Maybe that's what they want to go for! But for a "tapas" style menu it throws me off. It's rarely my first choice, but especially if I want a drink and some heavier snacks, Charlie's is a good pick for that.
I don't know who Charlie is but his punch is phenomenal. This is just a happy hour review. 

I've been here for happy hour twice now and both times I got "Charlie's Punch." They change the punch weekly and it is SO yummy - well if you are someone who likes fruity drinks. Wine is wine... not a huge selection. 

"Crab" cake sliders - warm, tiny little bites of zucchini goodness. 
Hummus - not worth it ... so average 
Fries - nothing special 

I'm vegetarian so I definitely want to come back for an actual dinner, but I am just wary of the price to portion ratio.
Center City Sips at Charlie Was A Sinner is Sips at its best.  Why?  One reason - it's always crowded for Sips.  You can feel a buzz in the air.  Second - they promote it as soon as you walk in rather than being like a couple of places I know where you have to ask them for the Sips menus.  And third and most importantly - the food.  The Korean Fried Tofu was totally awesome with great flavor, texture, and kick.   You'll def be saying "Pease sir, may I have some more?"  The potato croquettes were tasty as well.  Especially with the aioli chipotle sauce.   A Stoudt's Kolsch was the perfect beer accompaniment.  Now if you don't know - this is a vegan bar.  And one of the best there is!
The spaghetti and meatballs were amazing! We came here with another couple that are meat and potatoes kind of eaters and they really enjoyed all of the dishes. We were full when we left too. I had a Tom Collins before dinner that was perfect- no fake sour mix used and for dessert I had the done and dusted which was one of the best drinks I have ever had. My only suggestion is to turn the music down a bit. There were 4 of us and you could only talk to the person directly across from you. I am young with good hearing and enjoy clubs but I think the music was a bit much for dinner conversation.
Charlie was a sinner, Charlie was definitely not a chef. I was very excited to finally eat here!

We ordered the ricotta, potato croquettes, Charlie sliders, caramelized eggplant bao buns, Korean fried tofu, and grilled baby carrots. I will review the dishes in the order they arrived at our table. 

The ricotta is basically just hummus served with bread. It tasted fine but I was hoping for the hummus to be creamier or richer than your usual hummus to be more ricotta like. Nope, just hummus. The bread was good, especially for vegan bread! 

The potato croquettes were good and so was the tangy sauce. Even Charlie couldn't botch a fried potato dish. 

The Charlie sliders were my favorite part of the meal. The fake meat looks and tasted so meat like.
The chips were sliced so thin and had no flavor but who cares! I came here for the sliders!

Overall I was enjoying the meal until the eggplant bao buns came out. These were terrible and deserved to go straight into the trash. I love baos and I love eggplant. They created something that looked beautiful but had a boring taste and a very dirty mouth feel. 

The Korean fried tofu was just four butter patty thin wafers of fried tofu tossed in gojuchang. 

The grilled carrots were just soggy multi colored carrots served with a balsamic vinegar sauce. 

6 dishes for 2 people was a bit overkill. 5 would have been just fine but we wanted to try as many of their menu offerings as possible. 

Dishes were brought out quickly and empty plates were quickly taken off the table - big shout-out to the bussing staff. 

Vegan food can be good. If you want good vegan fare skip this spot and head straight to V Street.
I'm not a vegan but as a food lover, I found my place at Charlie was a Sinner. I think the only sin about my experience was that I didn't sample more of the small plates! 

Hearing rave reviews, my friend and I decided to check out Charlie was a Sinner for dinner. Based on reviews I read, it looked like the happy hour menu was served at the tables. Please be advised that it's only available at the bar and lounge areas. I was a little disappointed to not be able to receive happy hour pricing on the food; however the items on special weren't to-try list anyways, so it worked out for the best. 

The first few minutes of my visit were spent at the bar waiting for my friend to arrive, so I was able to enjoy the Troublemaker beverage as part of happy hour. The Troublemaker was made up of titos, dolin sweet, cucumber, strawberry and club soda. It was mixed very well and I couldn't taste any of the alcohol. It was refreshing almost in a health juice type of way. It was enjoyable but to be honest, I would not have wanted to pay full price for another one. I made the switch to the Stoudts, Fourplay IPA. As an IPA girlie, I was delighted that it was on draft and for only $5. 

So my friend and I decided to order a few small plates. Still a bit hungry we ordered an additional small plate and finally a dessert. Each one was enjoyable in a different way and I'll talk about them in order of favorite to least favorite:


*Spiced Cauliflower: Would have it been wrong to just order 5 plates of this? Omg, wow. It was packed with flavor and good to the last bite. This might be my first lovefest over a faux meat but the royal trumpet steak was out of this world. It was flavorable and had a great texture/consistency. 

*Fava Beans & Gnocci: The dish was made up of pine nuts and had a very pesto like flavor as a result. The gnocchi was light and fluffy. Very, very enjoyable. 

*Charlie's Chocolate Cake: It reminded me of a flourless cake and was packed with chocolate in every bite. The raspberry sorbet was light, refreshing and had pieces of actual fruit. 

*Bucatini & Meatballs: While I loved the meatball, there were only three on the dish. I absolutely loved the one and a half I tried but I would have liked to see more or a large meatball dish. They were a bit spicy, very well textured and overall had a great flavor. The bucatini was just a little bland and I didn't think it was anything special.

*Tofu & Bean Sausage: If you blind folded me and told me I was eating sausage, I would have believed you. It was good from the standpoint that it tasted like meat however simply put, it just tasted like a standard sausage. The parsnip mash was fine but a little too mashed for me, and the pesto was faint.  

*Broccoli Rabe: This was the first dish we picked but sadly my least favorite. The broccoli was tough and a challenge to separate and cut. It was prepared with garlic and chili but it wasn't super flavorable to me. I'd pass on this one in the future.


All and all, to have absolutely loved three of the dishes (and one component of another) is a win in my book. 

You can add service and atmosphere as a reason to visit. The dining room was trendy and dark, depending on the brightness level of the projection screen. The service was attentive and professional. Our dishes were served as they became available which paced out our experience nicely. 

I'm not adopting a vegan lifestyle anytime soon, but I can certainly count on Charlie Was a Sinner for an overall good restaurant experience.
This past year has been hard on restaurants, and from what I've been reading and hearing in the Philadelphia food scene, places are still recovering. I get that and I have much grace for that. However, it is still important to at least *try* to bring your A-game. When the kitchen backs up and food is taking long because a world-wide pandemic has drained people from resources and food and their souls, I will smile, be patient, exclaim all the, "I totally understands" as I can muster  and I won't judge *at all*. But when one makes a reservation for a very busy Saturday night to bring an out of town vegetarian for an amazing meal, one hopes that the start of the evening would be appropriately accommodating (I definitely don't need overly accommodating). This was not my experience at Charlie was a Sinner. We walked into a busy restaurant for our outside-dining reservation a few minutes late because the most beautiful weather had landed on Philadelphia and it was the last big weekend of summer and the city was poppin and our 5- minute late arrival was due to very crowded streets as we made our way to the restaurant . I masked up, approached the hostess stand and heard a party of 4 get turned away because they failed to make a reservation. I was glad I knew to make sure I called for a table a week prior and hopeful about the ease of which we would be shown our reserved table. Once I checked in, the hostess told me to wait outside and she would show us to our table. Perfect. We found our place to stand to try to stay out of the fray of the busy sidewalk and servers and I was encouraged to see the empty four top just waiting for diners. I was more than 90 percent sure it would be where we would enjoy our food. But as the hostess came and went out of the door with a few glances our way, I began to doubt myself. Could be for someone else because of COURSE we wouldn't just be standing here for more than 15 minutes if that empty table belonged to US and our 7:00 reservation. Right? I became even more doubtful as I saw her stand and chat and laugh and swap stories with a couple that was standing near the door of the restaurant. This is when I became really curious as to what exactly was happening. It's crowded, tables are in demand, there is an empty one waiting yet we stand while this young woman continues to catch my eye a few times but goes back to her lively exchange with her friends. Remember I'm patient? And forgiving? And truly don't expect special treatment? (All true!) But when she finally made her way over to us (almost 20 minutes later) she  gestured to the empty table and instructed, " You may have a seat at this table."  What?? THIS table? This empty table that I had my eye on since we stood to wait almost 20 minutes ago? I couldn't help my surprise. I sort of looked at her sideways, chuckled and said, "THIS is our table?" She appeared a bit put off. "Yes," she said as if standing right in front of it for twenty minutes while she chatted with other guests was the most appropriate thing to do. There was tension and so as we sat she acknowledged her lack of attention to us by coldly saying, "I apologize for your wait as I was helping another guest". Huh. Not buying it. And that wasn't even an apology and now I've gone on way too long. Sort of like that wait for our table, so I'll get to the food. 

We ordered quite a few dishes off of the tapas style menu. My favorite of the night was the Korean fried tofu. So delicious! Like an explosion in your mouth. Delicately spicy with black sesame. The bao buns were good too, stuffed with pickled slaw and caramelized eggplant. The ricotta was creamy and flavorful. The Charlie sliders were good, but I found that I was desiring more flavor. I ended up spreading some of the ricotta on the burger because the jalapeño jam just didn't show up for me. The curry spiced rice that came with the cauliflower steak was delicious but the cauliflower itself was nothing special. As far as flavoring goes, I detected very little. 

We waited a long time for service. Our order wasn't taken for about another 15 minutes as we sat at the table. But here is that patient part I am willing to impart. It was busy and I could see that and once our server got to us he was efficient and kind. The dishes came out staggered which is one of the reasons I like eating tapas. One keeps getting surprises all through the night. 

The cocktails were good. I started with the Lucy and Ricky which tasted ok. It seemed a bit watered down but was our first drink so not sure if it had been sitting on the bar for a minute before it got to us. The Bullseye, however, was delicious. The bourbon and absinthe was so flavorful and it felt warm going down.

I had been wanting to try this place for a while now. Given the treatment by the hostess and the shall we say, "bad taste it left in my mouth" and dishes that felt a bit tired, I probably won't return. But that Korean Fried Tofu is a happy memory.
Yummmmm! I can't lie I was a tiny bit skeptical of Charlie was before trying it out a couple months ago, but after coming back recently it solidified that it is worthy of at least 4 stars. It seemed, at least in my opinion to be trying to steal a little thunder from the vegan nirvana that is Vedge. However-- though they are both upscale vegan restaurants I think they both fill a necessary void in the vegan culinary offerings of Philadelphia. Vedge has a cozy salt of the earth, thanksgiving dinner vibe, while Charlie was a sinner is romantic, edgy and dark.

Charlie was a sinner is definitely "sexier" than I expected inside, with velvet curtains, loud music and interesting light displays. It sort of has a speakeasy meets swanky tapas bar vibe. I think its super cool, but a tiny bit distracting from the company you are eating with and makes me feel disoriented looking for the bathroom in the dark haha. Also I probably wouldn't bring a date I didn't know very well here because its sort of hard to hear. 

The food is super tasty, almost everything I had I liked. Tried the chick pea fries, mushroom barley toast, ricotta, fig salad, crab cakes, and gnocchi. I would def recommend everything except the gnocchi, it was oddly sour. 

I like the drinks here a lot! They change seasonally and all I've had have been really good. Happy hour deals are solid too. Also I would like to formally put in writing that next time I eat here I promise to save room for dessert.
Charlie Was a Sinner is a speakeasy-esque bar and restaurant off of the hip 13th Street, and to standout on this street, a business needs to have a strong voice. CWAS definitely does. From the moment you walk in, the ambiance is quieter, at least compared to the noise on the street. It's dimly lit, fashionable and intellectually furnished. The mood is darkened with strong teal walls. A small, but adequate sized bar is usually free during the happy hour and the dining room is intimate (as any speakeasy should). 

The cocktail menu is diverse, interesting, and full of strong libations. They have a decent selection of whiskeys, and the bartenders make a good Manhattan. I don't always enjoy the house specialties, but I particularly enjoyed the "Frankly, My Dear," a light and delicious champagne cocktail. 

The ringer of the evening, though, was the zucchini "crab cake" sliders. Oh, who knew the goodness that a veggie slider could bring? A fluffy crispy bun. A thick and generously seasoned zucchini patty that you have to double check because it tastes so much like a crab cake. And then the aioli. I don't think I've ever spent a better $3 in my life. $3! At happy hour. Tell your friends. 

Cheers!
D
Okay yelpers..I was not impressed with this vegan spot being as though V Street just opened and their food wowed me!!!
I came today with my girl friend and we had the Caesar Salad, Chickpea fries and the Maryland Crab cakes.
The Caesar salad was amazing!! The Sauce was perfect and the grilled romaine was a really nice touch!!!
Well that is where it ends...
The next item was the chickpea fries and they were seriously lacking on flavor and had too much fennel that the fries tasted a bit like licorice..and I hate that taste!!
The epic fail was the Maryland Crab cakes that really was not appetizing and not edible.  I literally took one bite and put the plate to the side!! Within two mins my stomach started hurting and I was sucking on the peppermints to try and sooth my stomach.
The service was fair..I have honestly had better..
The decor was this really nice sexy vibe that is needed for the Philly venue in the area...
Also they gave you water that had mint leaves in the water...What a cute idea..however the mint leaves were turning brown and were not fermented in the water...it tasted like Philly tap water with no mint flavor..
Overall I will only give this place another try because I was not able to sample the drinks due to having a slight migraine..I will be back for this..
The food prices were very descent, however 12 bucks a cocktail is a bit much..we will see in the future if these drinks live up to their name
What a train wreck.  I so wanted to like this place, but the server just ruined it.  It was so weird...you'd probably expect me to say he was rude or mean.  No, he was just dead inside, and creepy like a vampire. He'd appear and then disappear, hiding behind a curtain that I think led to the waiter station and the bathroom.  He was monotone, never asked if we liked the food.  In fact, our friend had to send something back with the girl who filled the water, and he never acknowledged that we sent anything back.  I was so excited for the vegan desserts, but we just hit the wall and left.  We did complain to the manager on duty, and he was very apologetic and kind.   

So, why 2 stars?  Some of the food was quite good...try the eggplant bao, spicy tofu, and cauliflower steak.  Avoid the pasta with the meatballs...our friend said they tasted like the frozen ones at Trader Joe's.

Ambiance is just plain weird, like they are trying really hard to be hip, cool, mysterious?  All of the servers were in black goth outfits; the temperature was really hot; and the lighting was super low. Throw in our vampire server, and it added up to a dark, unhappy place.  In a word, unsettling.  

My recommendation?  Skip it, and pay more for Vedge.  Or pay less for quick service vegan like Goldie.
They say "you can't make a meal out of side dishes."  It's true. The service and fig salad were both phenomenal, but that's about it. Upon entry we were courteously greeted and made our way to the packed bar to get a drink until our table was ready. We were promptly seated and greeted by our friendly server. 

We started our meal with e delightful fig salad. It was light and refreshing and the vanilla bean vinaigrette was amazing. After that we had the "ricotta." I understand the limitations of ricotta with vegan meals, but they had used way too much lemon in the tofu mixture. The texture was there, but it honestly tasted like Trix cereal. Sorry, vegans, Trix are for kids. 

From there we an order of the chickpea fries. We were warned ahead of time that the portions would be tapas style meant to share ("to gain the full experience"). The fries came out on a plate that looked like someone just smeared aioli with their finger across it. The fries were stacked perfectly like a little chickpea log cabin... All ten of them. They had the taste, texture, and appearance of Lincoln logs. There was barely enough aioli to cut down the dryness of what I can only assume was reclaimed fried hummus.

To cap off our meal we had baby leeks with romesco (Which admittedly I was excited to read as romanesco... Not the same thing) and the heirloom beans. Both tasted wonderful but were laughably small, even as tapas.

Throughout this experience we sampled many of the drinks, all of which were served in glasses barely half full, is there a liquor shortage we're unaware of? Is this place supposed to be prohibition themed? No, they actually don't seem to have a theme. From their crystal chandeliers to the green lamps above the bar to the LED lights on the bar and book shelves, from the teal painted walls to the curtained wall with classic black and white films projected on loop, there's a whole lot going on without much to say. 

Charlie was a sinner, but he also probably had the appetite of a small bird. Guys, I think Charlie was a bird. It is their logo after all.
Fantastic cocktails, meticulously crafted. Outstanding food, creatively prepared. Top notch service, diligently dispensed. That is Charlie in a nutshell.
Bummer ... 

We were only in for cocktails but tally expected more. 

Bartender was nice enough but he let my Manhattan sit in the "stirred" ice while finishing making the better halves cocktail and subsequently I was served a watered down Manahttan ... I am not one to fuss so I wasn't going to complain about the lipstick on my glass. That is simply an amateur move. 

I imagine that at night it takes on a nicer vibe but the decor is ruined by the dudes in tank tops ...

Maybe it was just our experience but we were let down ... we actually chose to go get one more drink elsewhere just to redeem our evening!
3.5

I'm not vegan but I still enjoyed my meal here. I went with a friend and we shared the artichoke fries appetizer, the brussel sprouts, the cauliflower steak, and the mushroom risotto. We also each got a glass of Charlie's punch. 

Everything was excellent and plated so beautifully. I was surprised at how tasty the artichoke was because I'm not usually a fan of the vegetable. I thought the brussel sprouts had great flavor and I liked the sweetness of the grapes and pomegranate seeds juxtaposed against the savoriness of the brussel sprouts. I think my favorite of the night was the risotto though! It was surprisingly creamy and so delicious. I definitely did not miss dairy or meat products after my meal, but I was still quite hungry - which was disappointing given the hefty price tag of our meal ($76 for two excluding tip). 

Final gripe: I don't know why they sat us in the corner near the prep area in the back with all of the empty tables available - my chair kept getting knocked around by the waiters rushing around and it was quite uncomfortable. 

I'd definitely recommend making reservations before arriving. I'm not from Philly, but apparently places will tell you that they have a 1-2 hour wait even if they have a ton of empty seats. Not sure what kind of ploy this is, but doesn't really mesh well with me. Parking in the area is also difficult to find and lots are quite pricey. I would Uber in or take public transportation if possible!
It's rare to find a vegan spot that you can take a meat-eater to and have them leave satisfied, but this place accomplishes that.  I took my fiancé there last night for his birthday. This was our second time going together, and we had an amazing meal. The cauliflower steak might be my new favorite dish, and the grilled Caesar salad is simple but perfect. 

If you drink, you definitely have to try at least one of their cocktails..so many unique flavors and combinations, they're definitely worth the somewhat hefty price tag. Their menu changes with the seasons, so there's often something new and exciting to try. 

The ambiance is wonderful as well, and it's a great spot for happy hour. The comfy wingback chairs up front are the perfect setting for grabbing a superb cocktail and catching up with friends. The service is always wonderful to boot; everyone from the time you walk in to the time you leave is pleasant and attentive. A must try!
As I walked in to this vegetarian-only place, I knew I was betraying some of my deepest held beliefs... and when they clarified they were actually vegan, more of me died inside. But sometimes, despite all legitimate reasons to the contrary, you just feel like you're in the right place. And now I know why. It started with the cool night air wafting through the old, but not stale, decor. We sat the bar because no one came to us at the couch tables for a good 5 or 6 minutes, no big deal, though get some backrests for those stools. I never liked the name of this restaurant. Too... out there for the sake of it. But then I learned the truth. Everything changed. The building used to be a brothel, then a seedy hotel that was basically a brothel. Suddenly, it all made sense. The look, the feel, it was providence. I was... home. 

The bartender was a chill dude from LA (Clippers fan, poor sonofabitch) with a knack for good drink recommendations - not your sister's Hawaiian punch with Smirnoff, but fine bourbon-based concoctions with a hand chipped rock of ice. You read that right. These drinks will put hair on your chest without kicking you too hard in the ass. 

The polenta with mushrooms was delicious. I've never known what polenta is, and it has the feel of food that was eaten before, but it tasted good. As did the cooked somehow (I forget, grilled?) cauliflower, despite all the raisins. 

I learned something on this visit, that although almost all vegans are disgusting faux-swine fooling only themselves, one of them made for a great bar restaurant.
Artichoke Frites were delicious- not over fried or greasy. Carmelized Eggplant Bao Buns- 3 to an order spicy and wonderful? Potato Gnocchi-Toasted with small ant of veggies, zucchini blossoms were good but wish we had more than two. All I'm All our waiter Hunter was delightful. We sat in a small booth outside. It was a fun first time.
Have no idea as to why I have missed this spot for so long. It's lovely, vibrant and cool. I had reservation for 9:15 on Saturday night. Since it was snowing, we were running a little late. However, our table was ready. They have coat check-in in case you are bundled up.  

Our waitress was Lindsay who was on top of her work. She greeted us and explained the menu along with the specials for the night. She was kind to let us know that in case we wanted a special, she would go and place in the order as they were running out quickly. We ordered  many dishes as we were told to do so.  We ordered the "Maryland Style" crab-cakes, chickpea fries, peppenotta toast - which was heavenly, the sushi special, spiced cauliflower and the apple tart to top it off. The spiced cauliflower was not up to our expectations, so the server notified the chef and there was no charge for it. Dessert was heavenly. Who could tell that the ice cream it came with was vegan?! No one. I saw a lot of people ordering very yummy looking drinks, but we got wine. Note: this restaurant offers mocktails for anyone who's allergic to alcohol or has opted out of it. 

Definitely going back and spreading the word among my friends.
With over half a dozen options for vegan food, Philly is a mini vegan fine dining hub. Restaurants like Vedge and V street have shown us already that vegan food can be delicious and beautiful. Charlie was a Sinner,in my opinion, truly takes the cake. The entrance gives you the illusion that you are about to enter a tiny restaurant on South 13th street, but as soon as you walk in, you'll realize that appearances can be deceptive.

The decor is classy, the cocktails or libations as they call it, are truly world class. And most importantly, the food here is incredible. In my opinion, this is the best vegan food in Philly, hands down. In my past experiences, I was awestruck by how beautifully restaurants presented their vegan food but taste wise something was lacking. That's not the case with Charlie was a Sinner. This is the complete package - Pretty plates, classy decor and lip smacking food.

The fried tofu dipped in Korean gochujang sauce transports you temporarily to koreatown. The "crabcake" sliders taste almost exactly like crab cake. I had to remind myself after every bite that I was not eating crab cake at all! The eggplant baos are absolutely delicious. You're in luck if your party size is bigger because you'll get to try multiple dishes. They do recommend 2/3 plates per person but our party of 3 shared 4 plates, which we thought was adequate. 

If I had access to their food everyday, I'd consider going vegan for a year!
I came here with my sister and boyfriend for a nice dinner and we left very happy! The food was inspired and delicious, the ambiance was beautiful and cozy and the service was top notch. 

We ordered:
1. Say what cocktail - delicious, good portion size and not watered down like most fancy place cocktails - yay! 
2. Artichoke frites - basically artichoke fries with a delicious yellow sauce. Unique and even though there were only 5-6, each was pretty sizable. 
3. Butternut squash soup - mmmm this was our favorite and our only regret was not ordering two. Smooth, extremely fresh and not too sweet. 
4. Bucatini & meatballs - I loved the pasta and the sauce, but wasn't a huge fan of the meatballs (or not as much as I expected given how the previous reviewers have raved about the meatballs). Would skip if considering other main dishes
5. Tofu & Bean sausage - extremely meaty/filling. Since this was one of the last meals that came out, we were really stuffed / couldn't finish it, but still thought it was a cool take on tofu / beans. 
6. A few others, but since we ordered sooo much and some dishes are seasonal, I can't quite remember

Pros: 
+Cute, date night like ambiance with tons of candles and dim lighting 
+Very creative and unique dishes - it's such a novelty to have a full menu of just vegetarian options, that aren't just "grilled cheese" or "caprese" (and at decent prices too!) - makes the ordering process so much fun! 

Tips:
+Make reservations - a small amount of tables are in the back for dinner, so make sure you snag a table in advance
+This is not the QUIETest restaurant because of the bar area just next to all the seating - be aware it might be loud at times / a little cramped as well, but ambiance is still A+ 
+Order 2-3 tapas per person to make sure you can try more dishes and be full :)
Officially obsessed with Charlie Was a Sinner. It took me a year to finally patronize this wonderful cocktail bar but I'm planning on going ALL the time.

Ambience - dark, sexy, speakeasy. There is a wall in the back that is projecting what seems to be old-timey black and white films. There are shelves of old books and trinkets which contribute to the classic vibe of the establishment.

Drinks - there is a healthy menu of craft-cocktails with great options for every single liquor you may want. There are some cocktails not on the menu that they will make and the bartenders (is that what they are called when they are such maestros?) have such great where-with-all that they can make suggestions off-menu. I personally love a black manhattan which is a "spirit forward" cocktail which is usually not my MO. I now know how to appreciate a well-made cocktail.

Food - a friend of mine has had a variety of their snacks/appetizers. I have had the sliders which were so delicious. They are vegan but I could not tell at all (at least for the sliders)

They have a weekday happy hour that I'm interested to try out since I can't tell what is on special.

I'd say its a dressier place, although a few colleagues came in scrubs and weren't turned away and from what they said, they felt comfortable. It gets busy (obviously, this place is amazing), but the staff were super chill with people standing at the bar even though its one of the main through-fares of the restaurant.
This place a little hidden gem on 13th street. It's not well advertised I really found out about it through yelp and I am so glad I did. We made dinner reservations and found out they had happy hour at that same time until 7pm. So we were able to order off the happy hour menu for our meal. They had $5 cocktails and $3-4 tapas. We got the ricotta and the crab cake sliders from the happy hour menu and they were super delicious. I was surprised how big the ricotta was, big enough for three of us to share for sure. Then my favorite tapas appetizer came, the potato crochets, and oh my, they were delicious! They were cooked to perfection and came with a yummy dip. Honestly, I think I will come back just for them, they were THAT amazing! The place is dim lit and has a speakeasy feel to it without breaking the bank. Service was pretty good!
WOWOWOW. I think I may just have found my favorite place for drinks in Philly. 

(Oh yeah, the food is stellar too...more on this later.)

I had two rounds of the bramble, which is made with vodka, freshly muddled berries, lemon, and demerara sugar. It was hands down one of the freshest drinks I've ever tasted-our server told us that they squeeze all of their juice for their cocktails in-house, and the bramble DEFINITELY confirmed this. Oh my god. I cannot wax lyrical enough about this drink. I will be back many more times for this.

Onto the food:

The server recommended that we get 3-4 plates per person. I don't know who they're recommending this for--people with bottomless pits for stomachs perhaps, because we were three people and ordering 3-4 plates total would have been PLENTY, even though we went with six.

1) Avocado toast--skip this. Not a fan of the outrageous amounts of onion.

2) Potato carpaccio--yes, yes, yes. Beautifully presented, light, and flavorful.

3) Potato gnocchi--GET THIS. Gnocchi was lightly seared and paired well with the mushrooms and squash that came with it.

4) Grilled parsnip--my friend was a huge fan of this; I wasn't so much. It came with a sweet berry-like sauce that the server poured over the parsnip in front of us; points for presentation. Parsnip had a nutty, fruity flavor that switched up the otherwise overwhelmlingly savory feel of the meal.

5) Bucatini and meatballs--the meatballs are definitely not meat-you can taste this fact for yourself-but they're still pretty good. Good, but overall average and forgettable dish.

6) Heirloom polenta--was NOT a fan of this. I usually love polenta, but this had a weird acidic flavor that took away from the experience.

Overall, this was an incredible experience. The decor is lovely and kitschy--we were seated by a bookcase that had strategically placed sculptures and coffee table-style books on Dali, Hemingway, etc. The wall behind us was also a HUGE tiled move screen that played black-and-white clips. Worth a trip.
I dropped in here at 5pm one day after running around for work in Center City. I had been told this place was AMAZING. For me, alone, at the bar, early, it was nice! I had some amazing avocado toast and a fantastic cocktail. The bartender was also super nice and we yammered on about music for a bit.

After a positive experience, I decided to make this spot the anniversary meal for me and my boyfriend. 7:30pm, for two, no big deal. Once the sun drops down, this place feels like a weird rape-y dance club. The bar was swarmed with clubwear satins and boys in collared shirts, it was hard to get by to our table.

The food was alright, maybe a bit too oily, but hey! yay! Veg fare! Eavesdropping on the table next to us was also a real treat (seriously, the date that was going on was so uncomfortable).

The service was mediocre. When you lock eyes with your server, that's usually the sign to come over to see what's up. And she didn't. A few times. She didn't even run her own food or check up on us to order a second round of drinks.

Shame, Charlie, you can sin and still not be underwhelming.
My mouth is watering just looking back at the pictures I took on Friday night. 

My cousin chose Charlie's for dinner since my friend is dairy-free and we can sometimes have trouble finding an appropriate dinner spot. I was a little nervous looking at the menu online since there were no prices listed, which usually means it's an expensive meal. 

Walking into the place, I felt like I was in a speakeasy with the tight quarters and dim lighting. It definitely set the mood. Our waitress was upbeat and friendly but would have given the MicroMachines guy a run for his money. Anyway. When we took a look at the menu, I felt much better about our choice as none of the options were *too* pricey. 

I ordered the cold-pressed coffee infused stout ($6) while my companions ordered a Bullseye ($12 - and you only need one!), an East of Eden ($12) and a Jack's cider ($6.50). We decided to order 2 plates each and go from there. We ordered:
- Caramelized Eggplant Bao Buns ($10) - the buns were so soft and delicious, and the caramelized eggplant was sweet and cooked perfectly
- Lumpia Spring Rolls ($9) - one of the dips was v. spicy but otherwise this was a good choice. $3 extra for a 4th roll
- Zucchini Crab Cake Sliders ($4/ea) - tough to cut and fell apart easily but worth every bite. The chips on the side were superfluous
- Artichoke Frites ($8) - we fought over the last few bites, the dressing was divine
- Korean-Style Fried Tofu ($10) - too spicy for me but the one bite I had was crunchy and delicious
- Charred Brussel Sprouts ($10) - one of the biggest hits of the night. The pomegranate seeds were an unexpected and delicious touch
- Smoked Cauliflower ($9) - not my favorite, sort of bland, but still a good option to help balance the spicy dishes
- Wild Mushroom Paella ($14) - the last dish and a little heavy/spicy when we really needed a palate cleanser. The different ingredients sort of all taste the same

We were then coerced (in a "twist-my-arm" sort of a way) into ordering dessert. Two of us ordered the Pot de Creme ($8/ea), one ordered the Brown Sugar Apple Empanada ($9) and one had the Meyer Lemon Cake ($9). We all shared and I'm glad I got the Pot de Creme, but I would have been happy with any of the options. 

Slightly stuffy crowd but the food was worth it.
Charlie has sinned, alright

First, I'll echo the sentiments of others.  The cocktails are good and worthy of its location.  The owner should heed that advice, blow out the tables, and make better use of its coveted PA liquor license because the food is frankly uninspiring.  Vegan food doesn't have to be bland if done right and with good ingredients. Vegetables and starches can be some of the most flavorful parts of a meal if given their proper care but unfortunately, only 1 of the 6 dishes I tried during dinner was balanced or well-cooked.  The service left something to be desired as well. (More on that later)

Vanilla citrus salad - No Vanilla flavor to speak of, salty and only got any citrus when biting into a bitter orange wedge, thus overpowering everything else around it.

Avocado bread - Good, but a bit spicy for my date.  Charred bread overpowered the delicate flavors of everything else with the dish. Charred bread can work if slathered with butter or accompanied by a savory meat but I think a little more care would have made this dish a lot better.

Crab cake - Really fabulous dish - well enjoyed and should have just ordered 4 of them

Gnocchi - tasteless and rubbery. 

Meatball - I've made vegan meatballs at home with leftover hull from my juicer.  When done right, they can really embolden a pasta dish.  These were unfortunately burned and tasted of it which wasn't good at all.  The pasta was decent as was the sauce but any college kid knows how to make that.

Tofu Puttanesca - Picture a small post-it note sized piece of tofu, cooked on its own with no seasoning and then placed with a dish that doesn't make sense.  That's what we had.  The Tofu was barely beyond warm and was completely devoid of flavor.

As for the service, if you're going to go small plates (Which is all the rage these days) then step up your game and offer clean plates between servings. Two people are going to share the plates so this should come as no surprise.  What little flavors there were eventually all got moshed together so my plate was a disaster by the end of dinner.  Our server did ask if we'd ever been before, which we hadn't and used that opportunity to tell us nothing about the particular dishes on offer, that the avocado toast would be a little spicy or what some of the more popular dishes are.  At one point, we got checked up on about 5 times in the span of 10 minutes and were asked "How is everything, Excellent, is it not?"  

 Another couple next to us had a different server who explained the menu at least.  Far be it for me to tell someone else how to run their business but the food isn't good enough to compete with the fact that it has got Barbuzzo and Jamonera right next to it although I think the fact that it is Vegan will drive some traffic for that aspect alone.  Ditch the small plate dining concept since most of the dishes are uninspiring, expand the bar, and offer nibbles, like the crab cake and the avocado toast and there might be something there.
Okay, Charlie. You haven't been the best boy, and here's why.

I'm obliged to be honest, no matter how much I want new vegan restaurants to succeed.... We really wanted to fall in love with this place! I'm vegan and another vegan friend recommended we try it. We came in around 7:30 on a Friday night, so we expected to wait a bit longer, especially since it's a new place.

The beers we had were wonderful. My husband had the Dortmunder and I had the Ephemere Apple. Sparkling water with mint, adorable. Everyone was friendly and the service was great up until we actually ordered. 

I was very, very excited about the food, because the entire menu is vegan. Yay, vegan! ... I guess I forgot to remember that I also cook vegan food, and I do it well, because I expected this (not cheap) restaurant food to be better than mine. And I have to admit, it wasn't. In fact I can pull off a better meatball, a better mushroom, and UNQUESTIONABLY a better potato (the confit potato cup with mushroom was, to be frank, not good.) 

We ordered five plates: the chickpea fries (so, so salty, but they were in the "salty" category on the menu, so I guess I can't complain, other than that, good); charred Caesar salad (good, but I have a weird penchant for wilted greens, my husband wanted more crunch); peppernotta on toast (very good), bucatini with meatball (pretty good, but again mine is better) and the potato confit (no, just no. The potato tasted like microwave.) 

We waited so long for anything to come out that the waitress comped us two more beers, which was nice, but it didn't inhibit our lack of satisfaction with the food, especially having waited so long. What upset me was that my standard for vegan food is high, because I know it can be and should be incredibly delicious, and I want people to give vegan food a chance, but if they think this food is the high end of vegan food, they'll be chowing down on a steak by the end of the night.

The bottom line: people are lovely, atmosphere is lovely, bartender is top notch, but the food? Keep trying, guys. If I can make better at home I'm just coming in for drinks.
Charlie Was a Sinner is a must try. Their staff is knowledgeable about the menu and happy to offer recommendations.Their food and drinks are unique and tasty af! Their hours are awesome. Open until 2AM!  
Everything is a safe bet to taste awesome. And since it's tapas, you can try several things each time you go! Enjoy
Personally I enjoy the Potato Crocettes, Sliders, Ramen, and caipirinhas, among everything else.
One of the most charming cocktail bars I've ever stepped foot in.  Perfect, dim lighting.  Cute, intimate seating. And out of this world cocktails.  Really, what else do you need?

The staff was absolutely outstanding -- there were no seats available when we arrived and we were directed to the bar where we could stand for a drink.  I normally hate this because I hate crowding behind someone and leaning over them to order, etc.  But here, they actually send someone around to the people waiting to avoid this awkwardness and I really appreciate that.  Once a table was ready, there was no "do we close our tab?" questions because they instantly confirmed it would be transferred and we didn't need to worry about anything else.  Perfect customer service.

The food on the menu looked delicious (and is all vegetarian from what I could tell) but we were heading to dinner after so didn't indulge.  

Every cocktail that we had was balanced, strong and delicious.  This would be a regular stop if I lived in Philadelphia.
I came here straight off the bus from NYC (bags and all) and it really hit the spot. My husband and I came to Philly to celebrate our anniversary and this was a great place to kick it off. The vibe was romantic and moody, bartenders were awesome - serving up custom cocktails, and the food exceeded expectations. We're both vegan and we had a great time eating and drinking at the bar. The portions are perfect for sharing and tasting and they're all really unique and flavorful. After 8pm it definitely got busy so I imagine a reservation wouldn't hurt if you can plan in advance. 

I really wish a place like this existed in NYC but until then we'll have to come to Philly for the experience. CWAS is also located on a great street so if you wanna go bar hopping, you can easily make a few stops and not have to cab it anywhere.
Came on a Friday night and it was busy but we were able to find a table. Cocktails were pretty good but the food was outstanding! My friend didn't even realize it was vegan, it wasn't until I ate a meatball that he realized (because I'm vegetarian and he isn't). Also loved the "crab" cakes. Only reason I'm giving it a 4 star instead of 5 is because service wasn't great, it took a long time to get a waitress to even help us.
I have been here multiple times for cocktails and finally got to dine here this past weekend.  It truly lives up to the hype.  They really hit it on the head with their wonderful vegan food. 

First the service was some of the best I have had in memory.  Our waitress was friendly, but not overly intrusive, super knowledgeable, made sure to point out little things like the ginger one of the drinks is freshly ground so its spicy to make sure we were forewarned.  Everything came out right and and we were checked on numerous times.  The manager touched our table at least twice, and even took a photograph of us.  Truly a stellar service experience. 

The cocktails here are amazing, they're better than or at least on the same level of any of the fancy speak easy places popping up around the city.  There are so many very unique and well done cocktails you'll have trouble picking.  Even if you're not super into the vegan idea I really suggest coming here for drinks and at least a snack or two.  The drinks themselves are totally worth it. 

To the food, I did not miss the meat or other non-vegan things at all.  Everything is well done and packs tons of flavor, from the simple seeming beet salad to the pasta the menu ranges from simple to very unique and complicated and everything is tasty.  The only item we didn't like was the smoked cauliflower.  They suggest 3-4 items a person and for three of us we ordered 9 plates.  This was more than enough, and I can't go through every item but the highlights were the Korean fried tofu, the ricotta, and the paperadelli pasta.  My only complaint is that a lot of the plates came out all at once and it was a little bit overwhelming.
I'm not sure what to say about this place... upon entering this small, shotgun style space you can see a lot of thought went into the decor and design. From the color of the walls to the leather bound booklet style menus, I felt like we were in for a good experience.

That went downhill as soon as the salty bar manager plopped herself next to us and positioned herself in front of a plethora of cocktails to "taste." She didn't do much tasting, instead bitched about her employees, was rude to the delivery guy, and was just overall nasty - even towards us, the patrons! I'm sorry, I understand this is one person and I will say our actual bartender was a sweetheart, but this is the woman they have chosen to represent their bar. Worst branding decision the owner ever made.

Positive note - the cocktails were decent and the food looked like it would have been tasty... if we had any reason to stay any longer.
We had high expectations after reading all the good reviews for Charlie's. The food was not bad, but not as outstanding that we need to come back. The service was impeccable. We got there 20 min early for our reservation, and our table was ready. The waitresses and servers were so attentive and helpful and the service very fast. The place itself is cozy, intimate and sexy (if you don't mind the noise level).

The eggplant bao buns with hoisin sauce were our favorite, delicious. The ricotta was also delicious, not a fan of the bread though, it tasted oily and burned. The potatoe croquettes with the chipotle aioli were very good. Even though these were the first croquettes I ever had (I had a lot, we love these in Europe) that were as smooth as baby food inside and so perfectly round, which made me wonder if aliens delivered them.

The Korean style fried tofu was pretty bad. Very hard and difficult to eat. The gnocchi were fried, so the dish tasted very greasy. Not sure what happened to the poor peas that were part of the dish, they were little pieces of green leather.  The meatballs were ok, but the pasta too al dente. Crab cake slider with zucchini was boring.

The drinks...I'm over the whole apothecary ingredient type of drinks. If you like drinks that are strong and you know less than half of the ingredients...you will love this. Very Franklin Bar like. I had the Where Angels Fear to Tread, which was ok. My hubby had the No Time For Dreaming which he liked a lot.

The desert was disappointing. The pineapple sorbet was so sweet that I couldn't eat it, and I have the biggest sweet tooth you can imagine. Please add something that cuts the sweetness. The chocolate pot the creme was very bitter, the banana pieces in there were mush and not appetizing. We regretted eating desert there instead of getting cookies at the place next door. On the positive side, the cappuccino was superb.
I've really come to enjoy this place. The lounge up front has the perfect atmosphere for getting to know someone when you're on a date. Great service, great food. Give it a try
From the menu you wouldn't know this was a vegan restaurant. I went there for my birthday since I was given a gift card. Their menu is quite unique for tapas as well as signature and classic cocktails. My wife started off with the Jungle Bird and I had a nice dose of Penicillin. One drink was delicious. Two were almost toxic. These drinks may not be large, but they're also not watered down. If you order these, check out the ice cubes ( or cube as it was). 

Since we were hungry, we ended ordering almost everything starting out with the Charred Caesar Salad. It was exactly that--- very nicely done with a faux caesar dressing (since anchovies would not be vegan). My wife's favorite was the Ricotta Toast. A large bowl of analogue ricotta cheese with large chunks of toasted Italian bread. Next up, I had the Maryland Crab Cakes. Those were prepared using a blend of greens and most likely zucchini. Two sliders with some tartar on the side. This could have used a little help. Maybe some Old Bay would have made it taste a bit more authentic. Still it was tasty and I was just started to get full. Oh no---we still had quite a few more plates on their way.

Next up the Potato Carpacchio. Thin slices of potato in the raw with a nice trim of veggies and seasoning. Then onto the tofu and bean sausage. They didn't quite look like sausage as much as they resembled a Slim Jim. They were quite convincing on the flavor note very closely matching a real breakfast sausage. The Grilled Asparagus tasted like----- grilled asparagus. No surprises here. They lightly salt the outside to bring out the grilled flavors. And our final tapas which was my favorite was the Buccatini and Meatballs. Very nice presentation and the faux spicy meatballs tasted like the real thing. The sauce wasn't spicy, but had a nice tomato flavor. Now I'm really stuffed. 

Could not leave on my birthday without having dessert. We shared the Pot de Creme which was a homemade chocolate pudding with rum soaked bananas baked into it with a nice whipped cream (vegan style) topping. Great time, I'd come back, but would stop at 1 plate and would chill with some happy hour cocktails next time.
A wonderful meal at vegan, tapas-restaurant: Charlie Was a Sinner, which is lush with ambiance (velvet-covered banquettes, drapes, and rich wood tones), and has a very pleasant staff!

Drinks: The table enjoyed its seasonable beer and riesling and though the old fashioned was found to be a bit too bitter, the mocktail rhubarb spritzer was delightfully tart and refreshing!

Dinner: Our table decided to share everything (always a marvelous idea!). Favorites included: (i) the Charred Caesar Salad, which managed to taste like a traditional Caesar Salad, complete with anchovies and cheese; (ii) Charlie's Ricotta on Toast (agave, black peppercorn, olive oil), which had the consistency of a creamy, slightly textured hummus--I'll also note that the toast was perfectly executed, with a few grill marks, lightly toasted all over; (iii) we probably could've eaten a gigantic serving of the Artichoke Frites (saffron aioli, red onion, and lemon), which were tender and well-seasoned; (iv) Grilled Asparagus (garlic truffle aioli) sans parsley breadcrumb for our gluten-free diner was on the edge of too-salty, but absolutely divine--still crisp, but completely cooked through. Strangely my least favorites were from the pan roasted category: they were still very good, but they didn't have the oomph that the earlier offerings provided. In order of preference: (a) Bucatini & 'Meatballs' (fra diavlo, basil), the spaghetti was thick and nicely al dente; (b) Tofu & Bean Sausage (smoked tofu, parsnip mash, spring garlic pesto), I think I'll always prefer a straight basil pesto--especially if extra-basil-y, but this was very good; (c) Seared Tofu Puttanesca (capers, olives, tomato, fregola, fennel croutons), which was chosen because of the capers, and happily consumed, especially because of said capers.

Dessert: Chocolate Pot de Creme (coconut whipped cream, bananas, cocoa nib), was very deep chocolate-y, but I think the coconut whipped cream was overpowering, and I (knew I wouldn't, and) didn't enjoy the addition of bananas. The chocolate creme itself, I could happily repeat eat.

PS. The bathroom (I think there's only one, which would be problematic except that the venue is relatively small) is unique with a warm red wallpaper!
Awesome food. Every bite was heavenly. The only reason why I give it 4 stars is for the portions. They were small and I could've eaten 3 entrees easily. But the quality makes up for it. The drinks were incredible as well. Would love to come back next time I'm in Philly.
I was quite impressed with the food, drinks and service. I met some friends there for dinner and I was completely unaware this was a vegan restaurant until I got there. I am not vegan and if I had known this was a vegan restaurant before going, I honestly wouldn't have gone. However, I'm glad I did and really enjoyed the experience. We shared a bunch of different dishes which were all delicious, including the Shishito peppers, avocado toast, eggplant bao and the gnocchi. The only dish I tried that I wouldn't recommend is the meatballs. Overall, the experience was great and I would definitely go back.
COVID report: Charlie Was a Sinner has some fancy outdoor cabins, which I imagine you have to reserve, as well as curbside tables and chairs (no coverings) with heat lamps for walk-ins. They also have a QR menu. 

My boyfriend and I walked in at around 7:40 on a Friday in mid-April and got one of the tables outside. I tried:

+ The metamorphosis cocktail 
+ Road less traveled cocktail 
+ Caramelized eggplant bao buns
+ Potato gnocchi 
+ Banh mi
+ Zucchini squash blossom 
+ Untold story cocktail
+ Off menu mezcal drink called The Nihilist 

My favorite dish was the gnocchi, and my favorite cocktail was the nihilist. Definitely would recommend for awesome drinks and vegan eats!
Came here for happy hour on a Tuesday evening around 6:30 for drinks! We sat at the bar but there was also a lot of table seating available at the front. The larger tables at the back were reserved for dinner. The HH menu had a limited selection of drinks: two different cocktails, one fruit punch, pinot grigio, pinot noir , and 7-8 appetizers to choose from. My friend and I ordered a total of 4 drinks - basically everything but the Pinot Grigio. The punch was hands down our favorite, very sweet and refreshing. The cocktails were good too but I've had better. But overall, it was a great place to start of our evening!
I've been to Charlie was a Sinner twice; once some years ago, and again this past weekend. The food is always something I look forward to. I remember they had the croquettes on their menu back then and I had no idea what a croquette was like and was blown away. We dined at -maybe- 5 o clock or just after they opened, and it was quiet inside. 

This time, we came on a Friday night after seeing a show at the Kimmel Center. We had a reservation which it seems would be a must for this spot given the number of people wedged into every possible inch of the place. It was disorienting for us, but it's a bar on a Friday night so that's to be expected. We ordered a few plates and were pleased with two of the three. The gnocchi was pillowy with a slight crunch on the exterior, served in a smoky sauce. I ordered the kale salad with a sundried tomato dressing. Both were delicious. We also ordered the asparagus and mushroom dish and I guess we weren't surprised but still disappointed that it was a plate of 7 spears of asparagus with a finely sliced mushroom on top and some sort of aoili or spread beneath it for the price it was. Nevertheless, it was prepared well and delicious. Our server was lovely but spread across the myriad tables and it was kind of hard to get her to get the check, but this is what we should have expected on a Friday night. All in all, this was another amazing experience that we enjoyed thoroughly.
This place is phenomenal, for vegans and carnivores and everyone in between. We've tried several different dishes here, like the crab cakes, ricotta toast, potato croquettes, artichoke frites, bucatini & meatballs, etc. Everything was excellent. The cocktails are also really good. The interior of the restaurant is really cool and makes for a great atmosphere. I only wish the prices were slightly lower so I could come here all the time. But you definitely get what you pay for!
Charlie was a sinner and I am too so perhaps we started off on the right foot. I never thought a carnivore like myself could develop such a fondness for a vegan restaurant, but lord have mercy it was wonderful. 

I met a friend here for dinner around 5:30 on a Tuesday. The ambiance is dark, sophisticated, and sexy. A bit of a speakeasy vibe, if you will. I started with the Charlie's punch. I don't remember what was in it but it was good. My friend had the rose. Our server was patient, helpful in explaining dishes, and attentive. We ordered several tapas style plates to share. The zucchini "crabcake" sliders, the artichoke frites, Korean style tofu, eggplant bao buns, brussel sprouts, tofu and mushroom ramen. The zucchini "crabcake" sliders were my absolute favorite. The artichoke frites were a close second. I missed that line on the menu about the korean tofu being spicy; it was very spicy. The eggplant bao buns were such an odd, but fun and tasty consistency. The ramen came out last and we were pretty full by then so that was my least favorite. We managed to save some room for dessert with the coconut sorbet and chocolate pot de creme. Both desserts were yummy.

This is the kind of place where you can order anything and trust it will be delicious. I thought vegan food was boring and only consisted of vegetables, it doesn't. While my perception of vegan food has changed, I am still a sinner.
Charlie is such a great spot for Vegan dining, and food in general. Since everything on the menu is vegan, you're presented with an abundant number of fantastic choices. The spicy Korean tofu was my favorite by a slim margin, but honestly everything here is fantastic. The only downside is that the low lighting makes it a bit difficult to take photos. 

Service was fabulous, as expected from restaurants that thrive in the Gayborhood; there's not a single bad spot between Woody's and Chestnut Street.

The entire restaurant only has 30 seats though, which makes your reservation useless if there's a large party present that doesn't want to leave. You can order tapas in the waiting area, and there's a bit of seating and table space by the front desk, so it all works out. Overall, Charlie is now one of my favorite places to get food, period.
Well, that was amazing. Came here with a friend. Started with the punch, which was delightful. Shared the artichoke frites, ricotta, grilled asparagus & shiitake, wild mushroom risotto, tofu & bean sausage, with chocolate pot de crepe for dessert.  EVERYTHING WAS INCREDIBLE. Omni Italian friend who is QUITE the food snob could not believe how delish & authentic the ricotta was. My fave dishes were the risotto & of course dessert :) 

Service was great.

Small & dark (duh, it's a bar)- make a reservation!
I've been here a bunch of times and usually on a weekend night. Whether it's for your first stop or last, there is always a good vibe in here for people going out for drinks in a group, on a date, or being one person at the bar!

When we got there Saturday night, there were no tables available except the one next to the bar in the corner. The manager was super friendly and told us to take it. The best cocktail I ever had was here and I'd argue the bartenders make the best cocktails in the city. The bartenders are always friendly and doing awesome things. My favorite drink was called "Women in Love" as featured in my review, but when I came back, I was told they took it off the menu because the woman who invented it took it with her to Philadelphia Distilling. I tried a drink that tasted super similar last weekend and the bartenders are always able to whip something up for you if you tell them your preferences!

I also tried a few of their apps - like their bao buns and gnocchi - so delicious. I'm also impressed that their menu isn't too expensive. 

Charlie.. I'll definitely be back!
Stopped in here for a happy hour once (which was great!), so my boyfriend and I decided to stop in again for after-dinner cocktails. 

We were greeted right away and told to hang by the bar as two guests were going to be seated for dinner shortly. While we waited for the bar stools to open up, one of the hosts came by and asked if we ordered a drink yet. We were undecided on what to get, so he was extremely helpful in making up drinks for us to try. I said "vodka, fruit/berries" and he had the bartender whip up an amazing cocktail for me with muddled berries. The host also ordered a custom minty drink for my boyfriend after he said "vodka, refreshing". Very skilled bartenders and friendly service.

I love this place, in my opinion a great spot for drinks and apps!
Important: this review is for outdoor socially spaced dining at CWAS early July 2020. We had a great experience. They have arranged with neighboring businesses and have a fair bit of sidewalk space so umbrellas and tables were well spaced and comfortable. Servers were efficient polite and protected by masks and gloves at all times. Food, service, and yummy drinks were outstanding, just like the old times before COVID. Traffic on 13th St. is spaced away a bit by a row of cones, and it moves slowly, but was occasionally noisy with sirens and horns - but nothing unexpected. Panhandlers occasionally wander by, but were not disruptive. I know "We don't talk about Charlie," but we would definitely come again. To the great staff at CWAS, stay safe and thank you for a great experience!!
So we returned for drinks and dinner, as we had a friend visiting from out of town who is vegetarian. 

-Punch of the day: Mango flavored, rum-based goodness, it was delicious and very fresh 

Small plates: 
-Seaweed chips with house pickles: These chips are large, well salted, and have a crispy texture that I can't quite place. They were great, and paired nicely with the diverse selection of pickled veggies 
-Zucchini "crabcake" slider: 3 to a serving, and guys, do not miss these! The texture was inexplicably (if you figure out how, don't tell me) like a crab cake but in reality, they were a whole lotta zucchini 
-Artichoke frites: Simple and what the name indicates, battered artichoke with a nice dip 

Iterations: 
-Our ricotta: Creamy and smooth like the real deal 
-Caramelized eggplant bao buns: The buns were nice and airy, the hoisin sauce was heavy on the aromatics, and the eggplant texture worked well here, another winner 
-Lumpia spring rolls: My personal favorite of the night, they were just so well done and perfectly crisp, the pineapple chutney paired nicely with it 
-Carrot mousse: Yet again, nice and light, sweetly flavorful 

Pasta: This is where we felt that things were not as well executed. In all fairness, everything we had until the pasta was purely delicious, so I am not sure if the bar was unfairly high 
-Chickpea spaghetti: We were curious to see how exactly this worked, the texture reminded me of whole wheat pasta, and while the shellbeans and saffron paired nicely with it, the dish was kind of bland 
-Buccatini and "meatballs": The texture of the meatballs was nice, the buccatini was well done, the dish overall was undersalted, but fresh 

Compositions: 
-Confit potato cup: Another dish that suffered likely because everything else was so flavorful- seemed bland in comparison, but beautifully plated 
-Pineapple fried rice: Delicious, and while we love squash blossoms, the stuffing in the squash blossom was kind of bland 

Service was on point, as always, and the ambiance here is second to none. We'll definitely be eating the next time we return.
If you want a good cocktail, this is the best spot in town. Everything is exceptionally mixed, and the options are endless. In our roughly one hour stay, we tried four options, all phenomenal. The artists special, which has old forester bourbon, amontillado sherry, house made grenadine, and lemon, is one of the best drinks I have ever had. My wife tried a dirty martini and white russian and was very satisfied, as well. If you want a table, you will need a reservation on the weekend, but there is decent space at the bar, which is where we stood. The space is dark amd beautiful, and they show old movies on curtains above the seating area. Each drink was $13, but drinks this good, it was easily worth it.
I am shocked as to why this place isn't crowded. The bar is fantastic. Tim the bartender is knowledgeable, friendly, and sweet. He was so open to all my questions and nosy comments. I didn't know what I wanted to drink but he asked me questions to find out what I wanted and made a drink just for me. A personalized bar service? Who can get there anywhere?! We are a group of 4, and we all loved our drinks and we changed it up and we still loved everything drink. He is personal, and knows the ins and ours of everything. 5 star for service, drinks, quality and ambience. You will not regret. GO NOW.
Five stars for the food, drinks, and service. If you're here on a date or concerned about Covid, however, be warned that you will be packed in tightly and have difficulty hearing. Yes, crowded and loud. That said, I  endorse Charlie Was a Sinner for anyone vegan or vegan curious. Order the caramelized eggplant bao buns without hesitation. So good. The artichoke frites were a fine choice too. For those that can handle a little spice in their drinks and enjoy tequila/mezcal, the Gemini Vacation washes down well.
Charlie Was a Sinner is amazing. We popped by for a drink and a few appetizers during our Sunday night out in Philadelphia. We waited about 15 minutes for a table, which was pretty quick considering how busy they were. We ordered a Lucy + Ricky and Untold Story. I loved Untold Story because it struck a great balance between the sweetness of the sundew tea infused gin and the spiciness of the fresno chili. All in all, really interesting and balanced cocktails. We also ordered potato croquettes and zucchini squash blossoms. The croquettes were solid, but the squash blossoms were incredible. I probably could have eaten two more orders of them. 

I will definitely be back the next time I am in Philadelphia!
This is purely a review of their cocktails.

Step 1: Go to Charlie Was a Sinner

Step 2:  Order the "Nihilist"

Step 3:  Order the "Done and Dusted"

Step 4:  Leave a happy customer.
Charlie was a Sinner is an amazing establishment! My friends and I had a perfect small celebratory birthday dinner thanks to the super fast, friendly service and delicious food here. 

It has a really classy, romantic atmosphere with intimate seating for the perfect opportunity to get intimate with your company. We had the gnocchi, artichoke fries, avocado toast, and crispy tofu roll. The gnocchi was pretty good but it wasn't all that flavorful as expected. Everything else was tasty but our absolute favorite was the avocado toast. We loved it so much we ordered a second plate of it! It was the perfect blend of ingredients with radish, habanero aioli, red onion, tarragon, avocado all topped on a slice of bread. 

In addition to the food, we tried the beer special of the day which was really good. I definitely want to come back to try the cocktails that others have been raving about. I can't wait to come back here for another great experience!
