This spot serves flavorful Sichuan food. 

The noodle bowls are tasty and reasonably priced. The Bento box special is a great way to try different dishes; it's quite a lot of food too. 

Here is a summary on the foods I tried:
Fish fillet in spicy sauce: Good, although fish fillets were not quite as tender as they could be, about second-best level of tenderness, which is still better than most.
Dry sauteed beans: good
Dan Dan noodles: solid comfort food
Wonton in chili oil
Mushrooms in chili oil: nice, but the ratio of scallion to mushroom was off, the raw scallion was too dominant
Fish fillet noodle soup with pickled vegetable: Salty, sour, with a bit of heat.
Pig pot glass noodle: Spicy with lots of chili oil, includes some bok choy. Plenty of hot & numb flavours.
Chengdu ice jelly: nice & cooling for after a spicy meal
Double cooked pork

I'm looking forward to going back and trying more dishes.
It was an absolute delight to dine at Chengdu Famous Food. Born and raised in Chengdu, I can say that the food here is 95% authentic, particularly the Sichuanese/Chengdunese dim sum dishes (成都小吃).

We ordered Tian Shui Noodles (甜水面), Pig Pot Glass Noodles (肥肠粉), Chengdu Master's Rabbit, and Chilled Fungus (剁椒木耳). Their menu doesn't have the best translation, so ask the staff about the dishes if you don't fully understand. Everything we ordered except the fungus was top-notch, spicy, and flavorful. You have to try it to understand what I'm talking about.

Also, I like their smart move on service. Usually, we don't expect great service at Chinese restaurants in the US. The owner probably realizes such fact and adopts a semi-fast-food style -- focusing on takeouts and providing options for dining in. In this case, customers won't be too picky about service.

Hands down, Chengdu Famous Food is the new #1 place to grab some Chengdunese dim sums in Philly.

P.S. If possible, avoid using their bathroom.
Back again already. Even better then two weeks ago! Dry fish hot pot. Fiery good. Red Dragon dumplings also hot and delicious. The ignite noodles were great but surprised me that they are served cold. The best dish was a stack of fried eggplant with yet another spicy sauce. This food is my new passion . I'm in love and she's a "Hot Red Head!"

Great as always. Been here like 12 times. Always the bomb!!
I've been frequenting Chengdu Famous Food a couple times of month for the past few months.  Every experience has been a solid five stars.  The food quality is now very consistent and the service has gotten way better. I've also figured out the best combination from their menu that works for me and my husband.

The Master Wok Chicken is still very impressive in texture, flavor, and heat. If you love Sichuan peppers and crispy chicken, this is a must order.  The green beans are seriously addictive. They're crispy and topped with salty, tangy, pickled veggies and garlic.  I could eat these all day long!  They aren't spicy, so they make a nice side with the Master Wok Chicken.  For my third item, I rotate that out between the cucumber appetizer with chili oil, the mushrooms with sesame oil, or if I want more heat, the tofu with chili oil.  The tofu is so creamy and the oil is very spicy with crispy little fried soybeans on top.  So many good textures going on this meal!  

Oh and that's not the end.  No, no, don't let it stop there!  Dessert here is one of my favorite things and needs to be had to have the full Chengdu experience!  I don't like sweets that are too sweet.  Chengdu has the perfect way to round out your meal.  Your choice depends on the season.  When it's hot outside I like the Chengdu Ice Jelly.  It takes away the burn from the spicy food and is cooling and refreshing.  In the winter the Lil' Wine will warm you up.  It sounds weird, but hear me out.  It's like a slightly sweet eggdrop soup with chewy deliciousness from the taro with similar texture to the bubbles in bubble tea.  You can taste the wine too. I would come here just for this.  I'm so glad one of the staff members talked me into it.

Also, they are offering 10% of your order any day if you pay in cash.  It's a nice added bonus. I still want to try their big fish dish.  I've become a creature of habit though with the Master Wok Chicken.  If you're looking for some Sichuan food in Philly, this is place.  I rarely find myself going to my old Sichuan spots anymore because they just don't have the heat and flavor I'm craving and they most certainly don't have those amazing desserts to round out my meal.
After living in University City for the past two years, I've been waiting for a restaurant to come around that breaks the monotony of unhealthy college food and chain restaurants--representing the majority of food options in my neighborhood. 

When I heard about the opening of a new Chinese restaurant in U-City, I was eager to give it a try...

I ordered the Spicy Pork Belly (E9) with a side order of white rice.  This meal reminded me of some of my favorite foods from my time spent living in China.  

The pork was melt in your mouth delicious--the spicy sauce adding savory flavor to the meal.  A MUST-HAVE if you find yourself in this hidden gem.

The staff is friendly and welcoming, the venue comfortable, and the food fabulous!  

I would encourage anyone who is willing to expose themselves to delicious and authentic Chinese food to give this new spot a try--by far the best option outside of Chinatown!

I can't wait to try a different menu option on my next visit!
This place is fantastic.  I might never have to go down to Chinatown again.

I've never been to Szechuan province or the actual city of Chengdu but somehow I got introduced to the cuisine in the US and I'm bowled over.  Once you get a taste for its unique flavors and textures--numbing hot peppers, oily hot pot, a fair amount of offal--there's nothing that can compare let alone replace it.

In my visits, I've had the Lianfang (a noodle dish), the chilled fungus, and the fish drypot.  Everything was good but the fish drypot was outstanding; I have intrusive thoughts where I wonder, "How soon can I get back and have this again?"

Chengdu's location is slightly off the beaten path but it's not too bad; best of all the prices are fair and the service is kind.
I stopped in Chengdu on the same day I discovered later that a positive review of it appeared in the Philadelphia Inquirer.  Unfortunately I don't feel that positive about it.  I was anxious to try Chengdu cuisine as I have travelled to Sichuan and spent some time in its former largest city and capital Chongqing.  But I haven't been to the city of Chengdu. And I like Sichuan food tremendously but I did not like the dish I ordered here.  Why not?  Well I like hot food but I prefer to get my heat through fresh peppers or a chili sauce as opposed to dry peppers.  This dish had dry peppers everywhere.  in addition there was a seasoning or combination of seasonings on the small fried bits of chicken that I didn't care for at all.  I have no doubt this dish was authentically prepared - I just picked the wrong one for my taste buds.  A different dish and I might have liked this restaurant a lot more.  I wish there were descriptions on the menu as the pictures are high above you when you order and not easy to discern the ingredients.  Anyway I did take the food home and added lots of veggies and a different sauce and changed the flavor to my liking so all was not lost.

Now everyone at this restaurant was very friendly.  You order at the counter and they deliver to your table.  And being that Chengdu is at the center of the panda nature reserves in China, the panda murals in this restaurant were really cool.  But on this visit I can't give it more than three stars based on what I ordered.  But if you like dried red peppers and heaps of them, you might like this same dish I didn't care for.
I really liked this place. The food portions were smaller than what I was expecting, but the food tasted good.

My friend got Dan Dan Noodles and I got the LiBai's pork belly. Good choice for spicy food in the Powelton area. I want to come back next time and try another dish.
Wonderful food! Definitely will come back for the dry pot!
Back again already. Even better then two weeks ago! Dry fish hot pot. Fiery good. Red Dragon dumplings also hot and delicious. The ignite noodles were great but surprised me that they are served cold. The best dish was a stack of fried eggplant with yet another spicy sauce. This food is my new passion . I'm in love and she's a "Hot Red Head!"
This place is the real deal.
I'm Chinese (not from ChengDu or SiChuan but I lived in ChengDu for half a year), and I guarantee this place is authentic. 
I was visiting Philly for Lana Del Rey's concert, googled Chinese food and this place popped up. I expected this place to be another typical Chinatown type of Chinese restaurant--I was wrong and this statement is a total insult to this place. I was totally blown away by the food. Ordered TianShui noodle and the Ice Jelly--tastes exactly like what I have had in ChengDu. Wow, simply wow. This is one hidden gem of Chinese restaurant in Philly.

食物非常正宗，红油、麻酱和红糖用得都很正。唯一的缺憾是冰粉上面会加橙皮以及其他一些类似五仁的材料，不喜欢的人会很不喜欢，可以提前跟店家说一下不要加。
Wonderful place to grab a bite at university city area! Delicious and authentic Szechuan style dishes that remind me of my hometown. 
Staffs are very friendly and helpful!
Highly recommended!
Wow, super spicy, super authentic! Highly recommend the dry pots. My wife and I shared a beef one. It's pretty filling and has some vegetables in it, giving it a nice balance. Wah, my mouth is completely numb right now. We also ordered the oyster mushrooms in sesame oil, which were delicious. The portion is not as big as other Chinese places, but the flavors are really bold and authentic. Definitely coming back to this new gem in Powelton Village.
They definitely pack in the heat! I've been to Chengdu a few times, it is actually my BF favorite Sichuan place now (yes, out of all the other places in the city). They have a decent size menu and all the dishes are also a decent size for a reasonable price. Everything we have tried from the burgers to the dry pot have been delicious. If you are not a fan of spicy I would recommend the non-spicy options as the spicy options are pretty spicy and you can definitely see the chili flakes on the dish. The place does have seating and is a quick eat place, but it's also near Drexel campus so they are busy depending on the hour. Definitely recommend to try this place out if you are a huge Sichuan fan.
Wow And wow again! Went for lunch today. Very casual. You order at the counter and they bring you your food. If your not sure about the cuisine ask. The servers are very nice and are very proud to describe the menu. We had the Dan dan noodles. Outstanding.! The fried pork buns, they were wonderful. The cold cucumber and garlic chili salad rocked and was a nice contrast to all the heat. But the best item was the Chengdu Masters Special Chicken. Fried chicken, garlic, dry chilies peanuts. It was amazing! Like addictively amazing. I can't wait to go back. Ask for it "extra hot" if you dare.
Wow And wow again! Went for lunch today. Very casual. You order at the counter and they bring you your food. If your not sure about the cuisine ask. The servers are very nice and are very proud to describe the menu. We had the Dan dan noodles. Outstanding.! The fried pork buns, they were wonderful. The cold cucumber and garlic chili salad rocked and was a nice contrast to all the heat. But the best item was the Chengdu Masters Special Chicken. Fried chicken, garlic, dry chilies peanuts. It was amazing! Like addictively amazing. I can't wait to go back. Ask for it "hot" if you dare.
A hidden gem within university city for sure! It is pretty out of the way but definitely worth the trek~

The cucumber in chili oil was super refreshing and perfectly made. The beef with peppers was a great option for people who dont eat spicy food! The beef was amazingly tender and the peppers were sweet with a kick of spice.

Also got the master chef chicken pot in the huge metal wok like plate which was crazy spicy but super good! I would say i have a huge tolerance for spice but it was super spicy even for me. Definitely met and exceeded expectations regardless!
This place has amazing food!!! It might be spicy for a few but overall great experience. The Fish Fillet Dry Pot was great and highly recommended. Never have I tried anything like it.
This is by our place, but it honestly never appealed to me. And I should've just listened to my gut. 

The reason why I finally decided to try it out after living in University City for about two years is because some friends were always raving about how good it is. 

We didn't know what to eat for dinner yesterday so we thought why not? Szechuan food is amazing, and flavorful. If it's anything like Han Dynasty it can't be THAT bad right? But we were wrong!! 

When we walked in, the tables were dirty with someone's finished plates and employees just sitting around! They should've been cleaning up instead of just relaxing...but whatever, I didn't care much about that. We came for food. Period. We looked at the menu (which seemed to have a plethora of options) and were excited to try out the food. I got ignite noodles, my bf got dan dan noodles and we got spicy chili dumplings to share. 

If you dine in, they have very lukewarm tap water for you to drink..or Chinese beverages available for purchase. I was only able to get myself to take one sip of water LOL, I thought the water would at least be cold. This was strike two, but we shrugged it off again. The food came out and the girl didn't even tell us which dishes were which. Both noodle dishes look very similar btw. But we figured it out thanks to Yelp pics!

It smelled good and looked AMAZING! J U S T like the pictures! We swore we were gonna have a good meal, but nope!!! 

Idk what the heck they put in their food, but the flavors were terrible. The spice tasted toxic and had our tongues and faces tingling. With a nasty a** aftertaste. At first I thought I was having an allergic reaction, like wtf! The food had no depth of flavor. ***Btw, I must note that we're used to eating spicy Thai, Indian and Cambodian food so we're no foreigners to spice...but this ish was different different! It didn't even taste edible and we're not even extremely picky when it comes to food. 

We never like to be rude and send the food back, so we asked for to-go boxes for the food (that we BARELY put a dent in) and threw that stuff away once we left.

I'm never coming back here! Maybe we just got the wrong things on the menu? Who knows. But that's it, that's done!
You seldom come across a Chinese restaurant which could be as close as it could be in US to its roots, introducing Chengdu! I know it already has 5 star rating overall, but i would like to tell you that each morsel of the respective dish you order is going to be worth it. It is again a self order but served by servers type of restaurant. We wanted to order wontons and dumplings as our starters and they only had that in either veg or pork. Maybe some day they listen to chicken/beef eaters who refrain from pork like me. But that's a different conversation altogether. Anyhow the service was wxcellent in terms of suggestions, serving and overall etiquettes a restaurant should have! Food wise highly highly recommended their hot sauce style dishes with the variety of fish, chicken and beef. This comes along with a bowl of rice, so if you plan to share wirh someone order another bowl orlf rice. We also ordered chicken fried rice, which was yummy and tasted different than any other i have tried; maybe because they use sticky rice overall. Lastly their chengdu burgers are descent appetizers for the prices and i loved shredded beef burger at this place, so you could try it if for the first time. So below are my ratings

Chicken Fried Rice - 4/5
Hot Sauce Style Fish - 5/5
Shredded Beef burger -5/5
I've been here three times, and have found a lot of dishes to be a compete hit or miss. The lack of consistency is why I give them three stars instead of four. Here's a run down of items I've tried. 

****Must Get

- Master Wok Chicken: These tiny little super crispy popcorn chicken bites cooked with Szechuan peppercorns and tons of red chili's are what keeps me coming back. This stuff can't be good for you, but it's mouth numbing goodness has kept me coming back anyway. 

- Chengdu Ice Jelly: Cool, refreshing, fruity, and perfectly sweet. This cleanses your palate like nothing else, and I haven't seen it anywhere else around here either. 

***Good: 

- Oyster Mushroom in Sesame Oil: It is what it says. I love mushrooms, so yum! 

-Chilled Fungus: Sounds terrible, but it's quite flavorful, crispy, and refreshing. I've ordered this twice. 

- Spicy Crisp Cucumber: Simple or simply tasty? Both! Mmm...fresh and delicious. 

- Sour and Spicy Shredded Potato: Nice Crunchy texture with a little heat from some peppers. 

**Hit and a Miss:

- Dry Pot with Fish Fillet: I've had this twice. One time it was way to salty to be enjoyable and 80% dried peppers, but another it was just right. Order at your own risk. 

- Rice: Only two of the three times we were served rice. One of those times, the rice was overcooked. The first time it was fine though. 


*Complete Miss:

- Tomato Egg Noodle Soup: Insanely salty. I couldn't even eat this. 

- Fish Fillet Noodle Soup with Pickled Vegetables: This is less of a Soup and more of 90% noodles with a watery sauce. Skip this one. Han Dynasty has a much better version. 

Service is never rude, but can be spotty. One time we didn't get water. Another time they never brought our rice despite me asking about it. 

The had this 20% off Tuesday's discount that stopped suddenly, or at least wasn't happening last time I came in. That made it a bit more reasonable. Their portions are a little smaller than others in the area for the price. 

Overall, I think if you stick to the things they do well, it's a pretty good experience. I still would like to come back to try the giant fish dish. It looks tasty!
Ordered the Chengdu Master's special pork ribs and Fish fillet dry pot for delivery. We specifically asked for Mild spicy but the food was super spicy - not sure if they forgot that little detail. -1 star for that because I am Indian and can handle heat in my food but this was just too spicy for me. 

Both dishes were pretty flavorful but I had to remove like 200 dry peppers and a 100 peppercorns and have a glass of Sangria to be able to slightly enjoy them.

Also, beware if you are allergic to peanuts because you'll find it in huge proportions in almost all of their dishes.
Fantastic Sichuan food at a reasonable price. Part of me thinks this could be even cheaper, but still, most dishes are under $16 and it's some of the most authentic Chinese food you'll find in the city. You get unlimited rice refills and for the level of spice this place brings, you'll need it.

For the three of us we ordered Szechuan style pork belly（川氏红烧肉）, a spicy fish fillet pot, four seasons green beans（四季豆）and a spicy chicken pot (辣子鸡.）The pork belly was on the sweeter side and not spicy at all, so it complemented the other dishes well. The fish fillet pot has that characteristic ma-la (numbing spice) which I liked, but my boyfriend thought was too numb. The chicken pot was too spicy and fried for my liking but I enjoyed the pork belly and fish. The last time we came we got 夫妻肺片 - husband and wife lungs? Not sure how it translates, but that was really good. I'd definitely come back here for more casula meals with friends.
Usually you could tell if a Chengdu restaurant authentic or not from their one  dish: Chengdu ice jelly. 
This restaurant has it and it is very good.
Really excited to see that University City/ West Philly is starting to open up some really good, authentic spots, which makes the Chinatown hike less necessary these days!

Food was good, 4 stars  service was mediocre, 3 stars: 

Food: we ordered the Master Chef Chicken -- this I'll give a 4-5 stars and would absolutely order again. It's SPICY , be warned -- your mouth and tongue will most likely be numb lol. But the flavor was very good. The chicken was perfectly cooked, nice and salty, spiced, crispy but juicy on the inside -- definitely recommend

Chicken Pot Noodle Soup: 3 stars. Noodles were good, broth was good -- but i really wasn't a fan of the protein, I'm like 90% sure it was chicken intestine or something along those lines, I wish they said something when we ordered ( which goes into the service part of this review) but it wasn't what we expected

Shredded chicken with peppers burger: OK, not worth it in my opinion, I'd imagine their pork belly or others might be better, but I personally don't eat pork 

Ice Jelly - 4-5 stars , my first experience so I have nothing to compare it to. But I really enjoyed it, a texture between american jello and the small lychee jellos in Asian super markets but a lighter, less syrupy flavor -- served with black sugar, rice wine, crushed sour candy it was light and refreshing , very nice with spicy food 

Best dish by far was master chef chicken, I would order that and Ice Jelly again, but not the other two

Service: 2-3 stars 
Very standard, they weren't attentive or helpful during the ordering process or during dinner. I think it was clear, our table was staring at the menu and had a lot of questions, but no body came over to try to help or explain the menu, we had to ask someone to come over. Again as i referenced above, when we ordered the dishes, there was no further explanation of the dishes or suggestions or recommendations, which would have been helpful. Lastly, when we were ready to leave we again had to get up to ask for some boxes to go. Not a big deal at all, but again just highlighting the inattentiveness of the staff. Not once during our meal did someone come by our table to see how things were, if we needed boxes, etc. 

Last tip -- I'd recommend a menu makeover at some point. It's nice and simple, if you know what you're eating. but for those that haven't been to Chengdu or aren't that familiar with the cuisine, some descriptions would be nice, rather than just a name and picture

Overall, I'll be back because the food was good and I want to try that deluxe fish.. but service could use a big bump, although they were very friendly whenever we asked for anything! Oh also, Tuesdays are 20% off !
There's spicy and there's really spicy. The dry pots are spicy to the point where your lips will begin throbbing -- in satisfaction, of course. I really like the Dan Dan Noodles, it's the perfect balance between spicy and peanut-buttery. Chengdu cuisine is really spicy; there's literally spice in everything. I would recommend it for anyone who's adventurous or can handle spicy food!
A new spot for Szechuan cuisine, conveniently located at University City. A foodie blogger followed the chef around for authentic chengdu famous street food, and so we followed - sure didn't disappoint. Chili oil pig feet, chili oil wontons, various noodle dishes, dry pot rabbit, Chinese burger ("Guo Kuai"), sweet jelly pudding ("Bing Fun"), triple jump sweet rice ball ("San Da Pao"), Spicy jelly noodles ("Long Fun")... Yum yum yummm!! 
The place is tiny, so recommend for take out or a small party.
Heard about this place when it was first opening. I finally made it and already was met with problems. I came on a rainy day, the resto is like a cute shack layout and i was looking for a midday pick me up. I Ordered dan dan noodles a vegnood burger and another noodle dish to go. I requested everything that is vegetarian on the menu and was told i coukd have the dan dan noodles as veg also. I take a bite and still there is pork in it. I have never eaten pork in my life and have been vegetarian for 13 years so you can understand how upset and disrespected i felt especially since i already paid and tipped. All i received from the fromt desk teen person taking the order was "so sorry about that" and walked off like it was not a big deal. Already an immediate turn off to what could have been a better start. Dietary needs should be respected especially if you are establishing trust to first timers. The food should have been comped but nope! I will think a lot more carefully in the future about buying from here. If i had an allergic reaction that could have been awful and lawsuit worthy. I know they're new so i am willing to try again.
This place reminds me of the more popular Han Dynasty (for Sichuan cuisine), when it was not as big or popular it is now. The flavors of pretty much anything you pick are bold and authentic (not Americanized). The food can be really spicy.

Some personal favorites include Chengdu Ignite Noodles, Chicken with hot dry peppers, lamb hot pot, Dan Dan noodles, beef in chili oil among others. 

A special mention for their eggplant with garlic sauce. The eggplant fillets are deep fried till crisp then smothered with sweet and spicy garlic sauce. A must try even for people who prefer meat. This is nothing like the soggy mess you get elsewhere. 

The dry sautéed green beans are delicious with fried blackened garlic. 

They have burgers which are hit or miss. 

They have limited seating. But this food is best eaten at the restaurant instead of carry out .  Service is limited. You order and pay at the counter and they bring out the food to a table if you can find one. 

Highly recommended.
My kid wanted Szechuan food and I thought I might venture out of our regular place. We ordered the pot stickers, bone in chicken dry pot and the cucumbers. The food was decent. The bone in chicken had great flavor but was really padded with hot peppers with not so much chicken. I really liked the cucumbers.. less oily than I typically experience. My kid said the pot stickers were decent. However, the "padded" chicken dish, along with the fact that we received no sauce at all for the potstickers left a bit of a "not-so-sure" about this place. It was not at all terrible, but I did find it lacking.
Chengdu is definitely out of the way for me, but I was excited to try it anyway as I like sichuan foods. My friends and I ordered the fish fillet in hot sauce, the dan dan noodles, and the wontons in chili oil. I think all of these tasted very good, however the combination of them together was just too much oil, grease, and similar flavor, and we just had to stop eating these dishes at some point. That was our fault for ordering this together. 

We looked for something else that was different. The menu is a little hard to read. It is on a board and kind of disorganized. We decided on a pork stir fry (the exact name escapes me) that looked like it had vegetables in it, something we really wanted after all the oil and spice. The pork stir fry was alright, a bit much on the sweet side.

I think the food is good, but with the way their menu is presented it's hard to know what to order. I would say stop by if you live nearby, but with the atmosphere being fast casual, I'm not sure it's worth it to go out of the way if you live near other awesome sichuan restaurants downtown.
Wonderful and exciting food.  Great noodle dishes.  Authentic.  Not too spicy.  My grandson loves it here.  Warm and welcoming!  A real treat!
I live nearby and have been waiting for this place to open since May. I came to the grand opening July 1st and I soon realized that the wait is worthy. I ordered the Li'bai's pork belly and kung fu master pork feet and they are the best Asian cuisine I've ever tried in my life! I even got a free dessert because of the grand opening, I forgot what it's called but it's the silky jelly with their home-made fermented rice and chewy tapioca on top and I like it! I've been ordering my lunch from the shop the past few days. Definitely will bring my friends to try out!!!
Delicious food and very friendly service. We ordered the pork belly burger which was so good. The dry pot was also tasty. The beef was crispy outside but not dry at all inside. The food is spicy. Spicier than Han Dynasty or Jane G.
5 stars for noodles! Red dragon wontons were lk overcooked or something because the wonton skin was lk mushy. 
We got Chengdu Ignite noodles which was kind of like dan dan in terms of flavor. But so much better than dan dan at han dynasty (which I still love but it's always so oily...). Noodles were fresh and cooked to the perfect al dente. Toppings included ground pork but also other pickled vegetable? Or something fermenty sour taste that punched up the usual dandan flavoring. It's also sprinkled with peanuts adding a nice crunch. 
It was so addictive. I'm craving it now as I type this. Highly recommend! 
The decor is new and clean. Casual atmosphere. I saw some tables getting dry pot and it looked amazing. 
Would definitely come back to try more dishes!
When I see the menu, I know this place will be the bomb! Have been to many Szechuan restaurants in LA, NYC and philly but none of them can beat this place and the Menu they have. I like simple / smaller / creative menu instead of huge one with hundred items. The menu has tian shui noodle, chengdu burger that no other places have. They know what they are doing, so let the food speaks itself! :) I hope they can carry more vegetable options .
Fish filet was the order of the day, as I got both the 1. filet with noodles & pickled veggies and the 2.  filet in hot sauce 'stew'....if you love spicy-hot as I do, both will satisfy.
1.  A Cambodian rift on classic 'chicken noodle soup' - substituting chunked fish filet - in a clear broth with fresh crisp veggies and flavor with staying power; 
2.  A heavier tomato based fish stew again with crisp veggies that was a 3-alarmer ...a crusty loaf of bread to sop the sauce will put you in nirvana.
Good chinese food without having to go to chinatown. We got the beef hot pot, pig pot glass noodles, Lil wine and dragon buns. The beef hot pot hit the spot and definitely had the "ma la" flavor to it. Pig pot glass noodles were really tasty. Dragon buns were just ok, the dough was very thick. Wasn't a fan of the lil wine but it is exactly what it's supposed to be. Overall, friendly service and quick, tasty food. Would definitely love to have them in baltimore!
Stopped by to try this attractive new place in my neighborhood. Ordered steamed chicken dumplings. They were not available, so I agreed to pork. They were the worst excuse for Chinese dumplings I have ever seen: Thick, doughy wrappers with little filling. Found gristle in one. Left half meal behind. Very disappointed as we need alternatives to pizza in the area.
Chengdu Famous Foods is one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in Philly, and is definitely my favorite in University City. Everything I have ordered here has been so delicious and authentic, and I am never disappointed when I come here and order something different.

The Dan Dan Noodles is the best one I've had. It was the perfect combination of sweet and savory. The Pork Belly also blew me away, and I just couldn't have enough of it.

One of the best parts of coming here is that the menu is so diverse that I don't think I'll ever be able to try everything, and anything I do try, I know will be amazing. I definitely recommend coming here if you are craving flavorful Sichuan food. 

Side note: bring cash for a 5% discount!
Food is good! You get a lot for a good price. Fair warning the foods are mouth numbing and if you can't handle the heat, this isn't the place for you. I had the beef and fried fish dry mouths, which left my mouth really numb. My favorite was the fish dry pot! Would definitely recommend.
I heard about this place through a review on philly.com and decided to check it out. I definitely wasn't disappointed and this place is another example of how UCity has Chinese food that is just as good, if not better, then Chinatown. We got the beef dry pot that was really good, and a kind of pork dumpling (can't remember exact name) that was also tasty. But the best part of this was the rabbit we got. It was one of the tastiest things I've had in a long time, and I'll be back for it again. The only downside is the place itself is kinda small with limited seating, so we had to wait a bit for a table to open up. But the great food made it well worth it!
Everything from the menu is a good choice and the portions are more than enough which is great. The spice levels are intense for certain items so be warned but it's certainly a great flavor. I highly recommend the chicken dry pot!
I love really spicy food, and this place has the reputation of being the real deal.  I went there last night with my wife and some friends and we let the staff help us in ordering a variety of dishes.  We had a great time sampling the great variety of dishes.

First of all, the place is not a fancy one, and looks like a large take out joint, but it is clean and has pictures on the wall of the dishes.  A small number of tables makes it comfortable,and the staff is very friendly and helpful.

The food is truly Chinese, like I had in China, but the heat was decent, and not truly hot, hot,hot as in Szechuan, as the peppers are dried and not fresh, but it is hotter than most regular Chinese places.  The interesting thing was the variety of new and different dishes.  We all personally liked the noodle dishes wi chili oil and meats the best, but everything was interesting, even if they were not our favorites.

This is a fine addition to Asian cuisine in the city and we all said that e wanted to return to try other dishes.
Recommended by a friend and came here for the first time. It's absolutely amazing and stunning from many other traditional Chinese Restaurant. 成都燃麵真的太好吃了。作為一個廣東人，其實這個辣度我也可以接受。下次還會再來，還會推薦給朋友。
Great amount of variety on the menu. Items like Rabbit, Fungus, Jelly, that I haven't even seen in China Town. Prices are very reasonable. Order at the counter and they bring the food out to you. Quick service, nice staff. 

I had the Dan Dan Noodles which were excellent, some of the best I've had in philly.

Also tried the braised beef burger and the pork belly burger. They weren't too great unfortunately. Too many onions on the pork belly, and not much flavor in the braised beef, and the beef was a bit overcooked. Dipping them in the left over sauce from the dan dan noodles made everything OK though. 

Will definitely be back to try the rabbit and other dishes. There are a few chinese places around this area and this is by far the best in my opinion.
Smaller place, order at the counter.  Appears to be some takeouts.

I'm not an expert on Sichuan cuisine. That said, the food was among the better Sichuan offerings I've had. I did not request any increased spices,or anything - yet, everything seemed to have the right level of both numbing (ma) and spiciness (la)....
I am not at all interested in upsetting the algorithm. I'm more than happy to add a star. My apologies for the mistake in identifying Sichuan/Szechuan. I got that information from google, so not sure if there is a way to change it (Google, I mean). It also states it under the restaurant's title on this Yelp page, so maybe a change in that might be helpful as well. In addition,  thanks for explaining the composition of the dish and my misunderstanding of how much chicken should be included. That was actually helpful. My rating may have been written in haste and misunderstanding. The title "elite" doesn't at all make me believe I know more than most about food. To me, it simply means I eat out a lot (well, I used to pre-covid) and the most satisfying part of leaving a review is to help hard working people get customers to their business. No sauce for the potstickers was a bummer, but like I said, the cucumbers were great. I'll just make sure I have sauce on hand next time.
Uggh this place sucks.  My daughter's daycare is less than a mile away from this and I've stopped by Woosa Bubble Tea before and this place is right next door so I decided to try it for lunch.  The two staff workers working at the desk to process your order and payment are super slow, can't speak English, and one of the employees decided to chat with her friend while people are lined up to order. She was noticeably oblivious about the growing line while she keeps chatting and gossiping with her friend.  I can tell people were getting antsy and she was just laughing in the counter with no care in the world.  The other guy stepped in to take the order since his co-worker decided to chat instead of work,  was nice- but can't speak English very well.  They have wide range of Chinese food in their menu, but I decided to order a safe dish since I'm not sure- Kung Pao chicken. It's also good to mention that they don't have a cheaper lunch menu so you have to pay full price even during lunch time.  

My dish arrived and I was severely underwhelmed.  The dish was too wet, had too much bell peppers and peanuts and not enough chicken.    

Also, be warned that they don't serve any beverages besides lukewarm water, and few sodas in can.  No- they don't even have any tea- warm or cold. 

With the lack of parking, lackluster food, awful customer service- I definitely won't be back
I do not often leave reviews but this time I felt like I needed to. I had Chengdu around three or four times, thinking I just "ordered wrong". However, after this many times I feel like I sampled enough of their menu to confidently say that the place sucks:

1) 90% of their meals are pathologically spicy, without it being clearly labeled 
2) their meat is around 50% bone and another 25% skin/fat (the worst experience was their rabbit - stay clear)
3) you tip in advance and the service is rude
4) rice portions you get are too small and rice is paid extra
5) the place overall is relatively dirty and poorly maintained
Authentic Sichuan food, it even has ice jelly which I believe is the youth memory of lots of Sichuan people. Pork pot glass noodle is awesome, I love it's sour spice flavor. Some of the food you may consider "hardcore" but believe me give authentic Chinese food a try and you will love it! Pretty good place in darn university city, a spot to take you to Sichuan to forget about unpleasant stuff.
Really authentic Sichuan place. Came in on a Sunday afternoon and there were plenty of seats available.
Most definitely one of my favorite authentic Chinese restaurants in the city - kept coming back for the dan dan noodles as well as the ignite noodles, but then wandered off into other corners of the menu to find amazingly fragrant and flavorful dishes with plenty of heat and peppercorns. 

Can't wait to try some more!
*3.5 stars* Casual spot. Good place to meet good friends. It's one of the places you have to visit at least once, and I wouldn't mind coming back. I got the Chengdu Ignite Noodle. It's a cold noodle dish, smothered in chili oil, creamy peanut sauce, and bunch of other ingredients I couldn't identify. It definitely left my stomach full that I couldn't even consider exploring their boba menu.

I wish they explained their menu better and maintained a better system of what their customers ordered. My friend received an incorrect order, and I've noticed other customers received other customers' food. There were a lot of exchanges going around. However, don't let this stop you from visiting this place.
First off, definitely coming back for more! I came here for dinner with a friend and was super satisfied with both the service and food. You order and pay up front, and they bring the food to your table. We ordered: 

+ Tian shiu noodle (really loved the sauce! It was a savory blend of sweet peanut and chili flavor, and the noodles were so springy. Huge fan of this dish)

+ Red dragon wontons (I liked that the meat wasn't too salty, but still flavorful, and definitely enhanced by the chili oil sauce. I'm also a fan of more delicate wrappers for wontons, and so I liked the thinness of it here)

+ Kung pao chicken (delicious! Normally I'm afraid to order this because it's such a staple of westernized Chinese food, but my friend said it made him nostalgic for similar dishes he'd had in China.) 

They also gave us each a bowl of rice! Overall, I am a huge fan and will definitely come back, even if it is a bit of a walk off Penn's campus (15 min, though, is really not bad at all haha). Great casual-eats style hearty food.
So delicious and authentic! My husband and I came here for dinner after a tiring day and was so pleased with the food that we had. We got the pickled veggies and fish noodle soup which was amazing, as well as a very authentic mapo tofu. We also checked in on Yelp to get a free jelly dessert. Everything was fantastic. We wish we lived in the area so we can try everything on their menu!
Good fast food. We ordered the spicy dumplings, pan fried dumplings and spicy chicken pot noodle soup. The noodle soup didn't seem to have chicken in it though but something that seemed like chicken gizzards? The dumplings were both good. And I liked how next door was a bubble tea place. It hit the spot for my Asian food fix.
Great spices and flavor. Great location and super quick and easy to eat. Food was delicious.
If you want authentic Chinese food, look no further. You can't get more authentic than this. So, don't complain about the Kung Pao Chicken here looking different than the Kung Pao Chicken that you are used to having at your fave American-Chinese spot. I'm sorry, but you have been fooled all these years by something created just for Americans. This, is the actual Kung Pao Chicken! The master chef here is an actual chef trained in Sichuan-style cuisine. Menu too overwhelming and don't know what to order? Start with Master's Special Chicken or any of the dry pot dishes, with a big bowl of rice. 

Note: Authentic Sichuan cuisine is known for its numbing spiciness. So if you are not used to the heat but still want in on the craze, make sure to ask for the heat to be reduced significantly.
While unfamiliar with this exact style of Chinese food, I do have a decent palate for authentic Chinese cuisine, having lived in Taiwan for nearly a decade. 

The good reviews on Yelp were spot on. We had the red dragon wanton, house special chicken fried rice, bok choy and beef noodle soup.  All were piping hot, flavorful, and reasonably sized. Spicy but still rich with taste, by request. 

My only complaint was that the beef noodle soup, while yummy, was served with low quality meat. 80% fat and gristle and 20% meat. We told the gentleman who served us and he said he would tell the chef. I would have preferred a small compensation.
MOMMY!

The spice level here is ridiculous.  I don't think I am a lightweight but these folks DO NOT MESS AROUND.  You've got to be honest about your spice intake level because it will be super spicy even if you say "not too spicy".  

I couldn't finish the Dan Dan Noodles I ordered.  It looked awesome though.  I took one bite and DAM, everything was all of a sudden really hot.  I wanted to yank out my digestive track because I felt the burn all the way down.  The dry pot fish which came later also looked awesome and was equally spicy as well!  I drank like 4 glasses of water in like 10 mins.  I honestly couldn't doggie bag my leftovers fast enough to leave and get more liquids ASAP.  

The people behind the counter were super friendly and made solid recommendations.  They also brought my food to my table and refilled my water glass quickly.  Perhaps sensing that I was probably going to spew fire from my mouth and burn the whole place down.  Aside from the extreme heat, I did like the food and hope to revisit soon, with extra fire extinguishers for my mouth.
First two times I got the rabbit dry pot, there were a lot of bone pieces. Third time's the charm, I guess. So flavorful, and they don't hold back on spice, which I appreciate. It's hard to find rabbit so I try to get it when I can. Good stuff, would really recommend.
A very good place for spicy food lovers!  
A very unique point is that the kitchen is open to the public, which makes this place different from other Chinese restaurants. 
I had pig feet in chili oil and spicy pork stew. The pug feet are just soooo good. 
Could be spicier next time :D
The 'chicken' used in their dishes contains no meat but is instead chopped chicken necks/backs, etc...not a single piece of it could I eat.  Too bad because I was really excited for the chicken dry pot style.  I will not be charged for nor will i try to eat chicken bones.  Maybe in China, bones are considered food to eat for dinner, but in University City we call it garbage.
The sizes of the dishes are too small. Can't feed an adult. One star for Chinese, no star for food. None of my friends feel hapoy.
Really authentic Chengdu food! Nice environment! Highly recommend to come here if you a spicy food lover.
I heard this restaurant many times.This is why I came here today.The food is so great and I want to come here again
Amazing restaurant with tasty traditional Chinese food. Highly recommend the Master Special with beef and the spicy pork belly.
We were seeking a new option for lunch, and decided to try out this place. Place was not busy when we arrived, so it turn out this is not really a full service restaurant, it an expensive Chinese take out without the service? Wait..?! Say what??!! Yup, we walked in and the 2 people at the counter stared at us without saying a word?? So we walk up to the counter taking a menu to order?? Ok not what we expected, still no greeting, or can we help you? 
Thank you I will help myself, it was so stale and sterile the way they have it set up like your at a fast food joint?? Wait I got better service at a fast food joint they actually say hi, and provide assistant. 

Food was average, spicy as I suspected nothing special!
I'm not sure what the hype is all about regarding this place. I ordered a Sichuan staple take away MaPo Tofu (麻婆豆腐) which had good flavor because of the use of Sichuan pepper, which gives a unforgettable numbing/tingling sensation, but that was the only thing good about the dish. I spent over $10 for a tofu dish that has NO pork, when it should to maintain authenticity. I wasn't asked if I was vegan either. The worst thing of all about the dish was the fact that silky tofu wasn't used. I think this restaurant is geared towards the naive that attend the University's nearby.
Very authentic and very delicious. Tried the fish fillet with pickled vegetable and it was packed with sour cabbage and pickled peppers. Quite spicy, but great flavor. Only place near University City with that dish and loads of others. Chengdu Ignite noodles tasty too, room temperature but packed with heat.

No table service, but staff is nice and will get you utensils and water if you ask. Casual vibe, good for a quick, tasty meal.
Really good and authentic Chinese Szechwan style Chengdu food, that's why it's called Chengdu Famous Food. Really nice and cozy place, really delicious food. I have been there for many times and all kinds of Wontons there, and Kung Pao Chicken, Hot Sauce Style Fish Fillet and Mapo Tofu, and their Lil Wine are "must-be-ordered" if you are first time there. Nice waiters and nice owners, and by the way two of their chefs are from Chengdu.
They have 20% off every Tuesday. It's really good Szechwan food place which I personally think is better than Han Dynasty and DanDan. Very delicious and I want to go there every weekend!
Really special. We had noodle dishes for the kids, and spicier fare for the adults. Staff was super friendly and helped us order what we were looking for.
Service was polite but don't expect it to be fast. We had the dan dan noodles, which was good and probably the standout dish. Other dishes we tried was the beef hot pot (too salty), chengdu masters noodle (had more peanut sauce than dan dan noodles if that's what you like), braised pork belly (too salty), marinated cucumbers (tasty and fresh, but kind of pricey at $7 for a plate of just cucumbers), and the red dragon wontons (too much wonton wrap with very little filling). 

Overall, it was an okay meal but too much salt for my preference.
Grabbed a quick lunch from here and I was automatically impressed by the menu. I wanted to try out the fungi salad ( Wood ear mushrooms ) but I didn't have time so I went with Dan Dan noodles. The dish was absolutely delicious. I was practically licking the bowl clean. I was very pleased by the size but I could see how some might want a bit more noodles if you're not getting anything else. I was so pleased and my colleagues back at work were super jealous. I will definitely be back in to try out more on their tasty menu. What a gem in Powelton village.
Love their food! As a native Chengdu person, this is the most authentic Sichuan food restaurant in Philly. You won't get anything working
I had an errand to run in Wayne today, and was hoping to try Dan Dan. The errand got cancelled, so rather than go to my usual Manayunk Handy Nasty, I searched for another local Szechuan place.  Lancaster Avenue sounded close (though I forget how long and windy that road can be.)  This is basically, a block from Drexel, but still only 15 minutes, so within a MainLine radius for me.

Parking was super easy and under a buck for 45 minutes.  I assumed correctly that service is quick. The kitchen is in plain sight, and appeared as clean as the front of the house. There are paper menus, but the pix above the counter are good GUIDELINES...

I had to try the Dan Dan mein (especially since I have so many versions by which to judge.)   There were a BUNCH of dishes which appear specific to Chengdu (Szechuan's capital city) which I have never seen before.  Perhaps one day the management will provide explicit descriptions (though In some cases, maybe Westerners should just be left in the dark and let their palates decide??) 

The Dan Dan were as good as any and better than most.  Firm and hearty noodles bathed in  a complex nutty sauce, brimming with chili oil and topped with dollop of fried ground pork. I was surprised to find some hearty chunks of tender bok choy nestled in the layers below.  At $9, the order was large enough to share, but I was alone. Intentionally.

While the Dan Dan were enough to make a meal, I had driven there as a destination, so felt obligated to have another light dish. I chose the rabbit in chili oil with peanuts (though I had forgotten this is traditionally served ice cold.) It was, and though the temperature was not unpleasant, this WAS rabbit, and that is a protein few cultures have the temperament to fillet.  There were tiny shards of sharp bone in each bite, making this dish more effort to consume than I had expected.  It was DELICIOUS, mind you, and far spicier than the Dan Dan, so left my lips numb and burning all the way to Bala Cynwyd.  I'd recommend it with those caveats, but it's not a dish to order for a lunch interview.

I will absolutely go back. After ordering, I had heard the counter staff converse in fluent English with customers, explaining preparations, so next time I will avail myself of them and ask for recommendations.  It's clear the food is authentic, and it is delicious and reasonably priced. Not everything on the menu is tongue-numbing.  The $5 "burgers" seemed very popular. I'll bet that old American standby "General Tso's chicken" is pretty good here.
I'm from Chengdu myself, and I can say the best Chengdu dim sum place in town! I loved their "Chengdu Ignite Noodles" and "Pig Feet in Chilli Oil" the best. After all the spicy food, make sure to have a bowl of "Chengdu's Famous Ice Jelly" as dessert. THE BEST!
- Type: very authentic Szechuan cuisine place. Order over-the-counter and sit down to wait for the food.

- Service: very friendly. 

- Vibe: casual in the heart of University City.

- Food: ordered a stir-fried cabbage, spicy dry pot beef and double-cooked pork belly. Came with two complimentary bowls of rice with free fill-up as well.  Portion size was right on the spot for the two of us. All were nicely flavored with quite authentic Szechuan spicy seasoning, very richly hot but not overwhelming. The double-cooked pork belly was in delicate thin slices, which was a surprise given how other Szechuan places might had prepared the dish. But the pork belly dish was also too oily; should have been drained a bit more. 

- Price: $15-$20 per person, very affordable.
Bottom line: Some good food, some sub-par offerings; atrocious service.

We ordered an order for six people from Chengdu Famous Food via Uber Eats on a Friday night. We received our food in a timely manner (about 40 minutes), but six of the nine dishes were missing. When we called the restaurant, they were quickly able to see our entire original order but unable to explain why we'd only received three of the nine items.

We asked the restaurant to remake our order and send it our way as quickly as possible. At first, they questioned whether we were actually missing items; then, they offered to send the completed order our way immediately. This time, our order took more than an hour to arrive. We had to call the restaurant three times to ask for updates on our order. During the third call, we were told that the order hadn't actually been dispatched (contrary to earlier statements); when we asked what they would do to remedy the situation (i.e. cancel the order and refund the money), they told us there was nothing they could do; when we asked to speak with a manager, we were told no manager was on duty (what?).

With respect to the food, the dan dan noodles were delicious; both the pork and vegetable lo mein were pretty tasty; avoid the dry pots (the restaurant was incredibly skimpy on the amount of meat in both the chicken and beef dry pots, and both dishes were uncomfortably spicy), the steamed dragon bun (a poorly-made dumpling), and Chengdu's Famous Ice Jelly (several of us tried this, and nobody liked it).
looking for something like a general chicken and do you make fried rice and also something I'm looking for is a Singapore mei fun type dish. Please respond back if you have these two dishes or something like them
One of my favorite local spots for Chinese food: cheap, always delicious, and fast! They have these amazing "Chengdu Burgers" and they are PHENOMENAL; a perfect appetizer (shredded pork in garlic sauce!!!!!). My go-to are their Dan Dan noodles. I am a sissy and always request that they make it as not-spicy as possible, and they're absolutely perfect! One day maybe I will try more of their menu but when you find perfection, why stray?! 

Side note: they charge for utensils when you take out which I admire!!!
My routine takeout during Covid. Many choices to try and the tastes never disappoint me. Highly recommended Dandan Noodle, Kung Pao and Master diced series. Ordered an extra diced chicken as takeout and turns out a great company to drinks
Love the flavours. Reminds me of old Chengdu. Unfortunately, OMG at the prices. I can understand if it has to do with locating in prime uni real estate, but I should forewarn readers that poor people won't be able to get much. Got my favourites for a quick meal here: 鱼香肉丝，辣子鸡，红油抄手...someone else translate it. Or just show this to the cashier. Too lazy. Knocked off a star for price and...Well, hard to beat a meal in Chengdu.
This is a fantastic fantastic place! Our favorite is the Mapo Tofu but we've tried the Hot pot, wontons and the chicken. Everything is excellent and on point. Can't praise this place enough! Definitely one of the best Sichuan establishments around.
Flew in for a conference at UPenn. Stayed at the Study hotel, then made the mistake of using Yelp to guide us to dinner. I chose a food truck listing, which of course on Sunday being took us to an abandoned field. Maybe in a weekday that location would be perfect for a row of food trucks. 

After some wandering, found this place and sat down. No customers inside. But the photo menu looked good. And yelp rates 4 stars. Ordered the mapo tofu, braised pork spicy tofu. First few bites were a zinger: very spicy and roiling hot, which was encouraging. Then the rest of the meal was very spicy, very oily (most of the dish submerged in chili oil) and a small bowl of rice. Also ordered the dragon dumplings: on heat so long the skins were a bit dry, and Peking ravioli, or in the Midwest called pot stickers. These were also dry, like they were made and cooked yesterday and just kept on the steamer too long...

Overall they're trying hard, the food was okay, and perhaps on a good day with more business and fresher food, it could be quite tasty.
Authentic spicy and fresh Chinese. Order at counter and they bring to table. Cheap, and 10% off for cash. A big take out business. Be careful to specify level of spicyness. On a scale of 1-10 I usually get a 4-5 but in this place a 2 is fine. One beef dish had about 5000 chili peppers in it and was inedible. The steamed dragon buns are excellent. The chef recommended cold spicy cucumbers, also a good choice. I ordered bok choy and friend had dandan noodles (minced pork with peanut sauce). Tons of garlic so don't go one a first date!
I'm Chinese and I have a high spice tolerance and I got the G1 Chengdu Master Special and it was great. True Asian fried chicken will make you lose feeling in your mouth and leave your nose running and I can confirm that was all true. Cost is decent but service was fast- would recommend.
The food is good as always, but this one star review is for one cashier who was ridiculously rude. We ordered a few dishes to dine in tonight, and one dish just never came to our table. We asked for it during our meal, and the waitress said its being cooked. By the time we finished everything it still was not ready. Because we have a flight to catch, I came to cashier, explained the situation and asked if we can get refunded. The cashier agreed. Then here comes the other cashier, extremely rude, telling me they can not do that. She said they had a lot of take out orders, so dine in need to wait, and she literally asked me to pack the food to flight and leave. I argued that when we ordered food, we were never told how busy they were with the take outs, not a single heads up was given. Otherwise we wouldn't have ordered that dish. She shrugged and was like "I don't know that either". Finally the manager came by, ended all these drama and got me refunded. So to whoever runs this business, you really need to figure out balancing take-out and dine-in customers. Personally I think dine-in should be given priority, but it's up to you how you want to manage it. But! I never knew customers should be treated with that kind of attitude. Is that how you train your employee???Is that what we tip for??? If you are unsure about that, I'm sorry but things are going terribly wrong with your business.
Not a ton of seating but came with a group of 7 and left satisfied. We tried a variety of dishes and all were quite good. They have the go-to items like lo-mein and fried rice as well as spicy tofu and beef tendon so there's something for every palate. The shop looked pretty clean. Service was fast. Staff let us sit around and socialize for a bit- no pressure to leave. Can get a little loud when it's packed but overall good stuff.
This hidden gem is tucked away in University City, but make no mistake this Sichuan joint is a standout among the rest in the city. The restaurant itself is a fast casual style and the prices are affordable compared to similar restaurants. But the authentic, spicy, and flavorful food here is what keeps me coming back.

Food: They serve a lot of authentic sichuan foods from dry pots, ice jellies, several sichuan noodle dishes, and many more. Let's start with the Dan Dan noodles that in my opinion is one of the more popular sichian cuisines. The noodles are al dente and the chili oil/sauce mixture has a kick, a bit of sweetness, and is fragrant. The peanut flavor is not overwhelming either, it compliments the dish perfectly. They also serve Tian shui noodles as well which I think is by far the best in the city. Al dente noodles and the sauce is a great balance between sweet and spicy. Their dry pots are my favorite from this place. I've tried the fried fish drypot. The crispy texture goes REALLY well with the chili oil base. The base of the dish is really spicy (more than I've had at other places), but what Chengdu excels at is that it compliments the spice with the natural fragrant oil base. It's not all just heat. Similar to their rabbit special, it was fried and spicy, but it had a prominent cumin flavor which I loved. 

I can honestly say Chengdu is my go to spot for authentic Sichuan cuisine. As I am typing this review, I am planning my next trip back! Highly recommend this place if you're in Philadelphia
Came in today with a friend and we order the Pan Fried Dragon Buns, the Dan Dan Noodles, and the Double Cooked Belly and everything was phenomenal! 
Service was great, prompt, and knowledgeable!
Compared to Han Dynasty, the amount you pay is around the same however you do get smaller portions than you would at Han Dynasty.
I would highly recommend coming here if you and a friend are hungry and are looking for some great spicy food!
Chicken Master's special - crispy and spicy!! I was a bit afraid of spicy, the cashier was really nice and told me I can definitely lower the spicy level, which I did. It turns out awesome.
I am originally from Chengdu.  This place offers authentic Chengdu food.  Good choices for the entire family. We loved it!
I got the fish fillet in chilli sauce and bok choy. It was amazing and cheap for the quality. Highly recommended.
This place is FIRE, quite literally!

First of all, I love the pandas in the entryway, and I appreciate how clean the place is and how friendly the employees are. Oh, and the fact that there are photos of the food emblazoned on the menu in the front--I always find that useful, but especially at places where I'm not 100% familiar with the cuisine, like authentic Sichuan noms.

We've come here a few times, and can't wait to come back. We've been trying to try something new each time we eat here, and Chengdu never disappoints. The ignite noodles were, well, Sichuan-level spicy, and they certainly did ignite all sorts of feelings. Some included tears.But it was tasty. The spicy cold chicken noodles were just as delicious, and perhaps even more peanut-y and tasty, but less intensely spicy. Perfect for a hot summer's day.

The dumplings in chili oil were some of the prettiest dumplings I've ever seen, though a bit light on the filling. I can't wait to try the dragon wontons next! The eggplant, which I'm not sure was on the menu, is breaded and covered in sweet, spicy sauce, and I think is one of my favorite ways to eat eggplant now. Their Chengdu burgers are interesting, though not necessarily what I'd come here for... that I think belongs to all the chili oil and dry pot foods.

Overall, it's a great way to visit and eat through the capital of the former Shu Kingdom without a passport. I'd highly recommend for the adventurous, Scoville-loving eater in Philly!
Really delicious food with decent service, friendly and helpful staff!

The place isn't huge but has some tables so you can either dine in or take out.

There are many options on the menu, and if you need help, do not be afraid to ask the staff!  They are super helpful and are full of recommendations based on your preferences! 

I highly recommend the pan fried dragon buns, beef with hot chili sauce, and any of the noodle dishes.

The dishes here are super flavorful!  I would let the staff know if you need non-spicy/less spicy foods when you are ordering, so they can either tone down some spice or make other suggestions.  I happen to enjoy spicy food, so most of the items here are great for my taste, but everyone tolerates spice differently, so I just recommend asking so you do not end up with something too spicy for you to enjoy. 

Overall, really delicious and a good menu variety!
Delicious delivery! We had the veggie bun which had so much flavor, dan dan noodles which were very spicy and incredible, and delicious fish.
Holy moly, my new absolute favorite place for authentic Sichuan food! I tried it for the first time recently and literally called or texted whoever I knew that loved Sichuan food to tell them to stop ordering from anywhere else and try here! Service was super friendly, I told the person taking my order I wouldn't eat it for several hours and she made some great recommendations! I had the ignite noodles (like spicy Chinese spaghetti) and a stir fried pork belly dish. Wowza! Such a great taste profile, there were more complex flavors, not just spice which most other Szechuan places offer. Yes it will be super spicy, I didn't even augment the spice and glad I didn't, I don't think I could have handled it any spicier. And now I see they have a "happy hour" with tea?? I am sooo down for that!
Second time ordering take out from Chengdu - first was lamb and veggie hotpot and it was amazing. I had enough to freeze and it kept well after that. This time tiger eyes and garlic eggplant and I want to cry it's so good!!! I Appreciate them giving me chopsticks when I asked for them :-)
