Hi Greg (the owner),

I hope you had a better evening than my mother, boyfriend, and I had at your restaurant. We were enjoying our second round of drinks and awaiting dessert after a delicious meal when you rudely interrupted us. You offered no courtesies such as 'hello' or 'how is your meal?'. Instead, you proceeded to tell us that you needed to flip the table so that the restaurant could serve more patrons because your wait staff needs tips to pay rent. When my mother informed you that we were not done our meal, you essentially repeated yourself verbatim. 

Greg, here are a few things to consider. Firstly, if you are so concerned about your waitstaff's ability to pay rent, how about you pay them a living wage? That way you don't need to harass paying costumers that up until your tactless intervention were enjoying their evening. 

How long have you worked in the restaurant industry? If I had to guess, I'd say less than a day because you have no clue how to speak to costumers. That's a shame because the food and staff (shoutout to our server Jeff, who rocks) are pretty cool. Since it's your first day on the job, I am happy to give you free advice, no tip required. Harassing and guilting customers into giving up a table before their meal is over is not a good idea. I know, I know. That's intuitive for most people. But occasionally people forget. I hope you don't.
The Chestnut Grill is an old Chestnut Hill standby.  This is not a spectacularly creative eatery and def not gourmet ... yet it can serve up some tasty dishes and is most reliable.  There is an upstairs bar and two dining rooms in the basement in a Ratskeller-like atmosphere.  Chestnut Grill's most famous dining and drinking areas are however reserved for warmer weather and consist of an outdoor café on the porch of the old Chestnut Hill Hotel as well as outdoor tables on the attractive flower-adorned pathway leading to the Chestnut Hill Farmers Market.  Indeed this is one of Philadelphia's prettiest and best outdoor spaces for eating.

Now for the food.  Happy Hour brings some good specials for $5 including the tasty loaded fries (I'm sure I took a few months off of my life eating these) and a solid sirloin burger. Other dishes we tried were a perfectly decent chicken parmesan, wonderful coconut shrimp, and a delicious spicy Asian chicken noodle salad (except it wasn't spicy - you have to add your own hot sauce.)  Service was friendly and I have no doubt I will be back at Chestnut Grill and Sidewalk Café at some point in time.
I've been here twice now since they raised their prices, randomly. They changed their menu and prices out of nowhere. Everything went up $1+ or more, which is odd because it's almost winter time. One of the main reasons we came here was for the outdoor seating. 

So now you won't have outdoor seating and your prices are higher. No thanks. 

I asked the bartender if she knew how to make an old fashioned. I realized after the 3rd extra thing she named off, she didn't know how to make one. 

It was was too hot in the restaurant, to the point where we just had to get up and leave. Waste of time.

They did change their happy hour to be cheaper, so I guess if you go between 4pm to 6pm it might be worth it.
I have been a fan of the Chestnut Hill Grill for years!  I enjoy the laid back vibe and the staff are usually friendly; attentive and the food is consistently good!

While my Mom and Auntie were visiting Philly..we found ourselves in Chestnut Hill around dinner time..not mine...the early bird special time (4:30 or so....lol) and the Grill was open and ready!

My Mom has the lamb and Auntie enjoyed a large salad and chicken dish!  They enjoyed how well the meal was prepared and flavors....oh you ask-what did I have --Drinks..liquid dinner..as you can imagine keeping guests entertained is exhausting and mind numbing at times...so I needed a pick me up and it helped!  Lol 

I was pleased with the value of the dinner along with the good service!
On a gorgeous day this is the best place in Chestnut Hill to nibble on some food and have a refreshing beverage. I'm such a sucker for eating outside that even if the food weren't that good, I'd come back over and over again just so I can enjoy the cool breeze or blazing hot sun. Or both. 

I usually get the same thing over and over again (yes, I'm that kind of girl), and here it's the chicken salad sandwich with some mighty tasty fries. Bonus points for not only having honey mustard (the only thing besides mayonnaise that I will dip them into) but having good honey mustard that doesn't make me gag. You'd be surprised how hard it is to find the perfect blend - I'm still searching. And you know I'll let you know when I find it.

At any rate, this was the perfect lunch spot to spend some quality time with my dear pal and puzzle piece Leash. We pretended we were in Paris (request a table on the alley if you want a little more privacy and less fumes from Germantown Ave.). Alas, it was an imaginary trip. But it was a lovely day anyway. Do give it a try.
Good food, good prices and excellent service. I've driven pass this restaurant numerous times over the years and never ventured to try them out. Finally, I somewhat dubiously made the decision to get dinner there. Good call for me this time because the food was good and pricing was comfortable. Plus, the service was awesome. I got a crab cake sandwich. It was just ok flavor wise--not the best crab cake I've had; yet it was sizable. The fries were really good so it compensates for the underwhelming sandwich. My friend got the homestyle beef brisket which he enjoyed. Said it was very tender. We both drank lemonade which was refreshing with the right amount of sweetness. That was on time because we had been walking in heat and worked up a big thirst. Get the lemonade :)

Seldom do you get excpetional service and when you do, it's worthy of noting. Our server was very attentive, kind, suggestive on popluar meals and friendly. Kudos to whomever hired him. 

We ate indoors, opposed to the popular outdoor seating there. It reminded me of a french-styled restuarant. It was a liitle unclean as some crumbs was on seating, but it wasn't too significant not to sit comfortably. I look forward to outdoor seating next time. 

Parking was good in the back, but can be limited.
Visited last night for dinner and drinks. Food was decent, our waiter was attentive, but management/ownership rudely ushered us to finish our meal at a back table to make room for other customers. 

I'd recommend trying another place in Chestnut Hill if you care to have pleasant meal worth paying for.
I give CG&S a solid three stars. 

I thought the up stairs was bright and open. An inviting bar with a few TVs dominates the main entrance. I've past by many times in nicer weather and the patio is always full. The downstairs is a bit "grotto" like with little dark nooks all around. 

I found the service to be fine with the exception of my little quirk in actually liking ice in my iced tea. It is also possible she wrote our temperature request for our burgers wrong as both were much more under cooked than requested.

I enjoyed the blackened catfish strip appetizer very much, but I was also starving and would have probably finished a blacken shoe leather app. if placed in front of me. :) Seriously, they were cooked properly and I'd be interested in trying the full wrap offered. 

As I mentioned before, our burgers, requested medium, came out a delicious warm, bloody red centered rare. I'm just TRYING to eat my meat cooked more for some forgotten "healthier"  reason, so I had no issues with it...almost a happy mistake:) while my friend chose to eat around the center of her burger, leaving just the rarest parts in the middle on the plate. 

I'd certainly return to try other menu items, preferably on the patio in better weather. If I'm in the neighborhood and craving a burger or creative sandwich, then I keep walking on up to McNally's :)
Chestnut Hill Grill & Sidewalk Cafe is a sweet place to spend lunch and or dinner thanks to their lovely outdoor seating as well as their cozy interior decor.

The 1st floor of the restaurant is relatively small, a couple tables and a bar area packed full of alcohol. Downstairs is where the space and coziness awaits. The area is dimly lit with warm colored walls that evoke a sense of comfort and relaxation. 

The food selection is pretty nice for both lunch and dinner. I believe the last time I was there, I ordered the Alpine Chicken Sandwich, which was good in my book. I believe the time before I may have ordered either a burger or a steak or perhaps both (on separate occasions, of course...). 

I like the service- the last time I came, we were a party of 10+ and they accommodated us very nicely and were able to get all our orders out in a timely manner. 

I definitely like this place and am always open for coming back!
There's something about Chestnut Hill that is so comforting, from it's cobble stone roads to it's quaint "towny" feeling in the middle of a city and a suburb. Not to mention the awesome scenery from the Fairmount Parks that surround it, it's kind of a gem, and definitely a place you should visit if you're in North West Philadelphia.

The Chestnut Grill and Sidewalk Cafe is a fusion of a fancy French restaurant, an Irish pub, and an Italian Bistro... haha, I know, ibut you'll see what I mean. You have both people who are overly dressed in suits and dresses, and then people like me  who show up in jeans a T and chucks, but nonetheless you don't feel singled out.

My favorite item was the ravioli apps, you literally get three squares, and when I saw it at first I was thinking, uh, is this a sampling? Haha! But you take one bite, it's sooo savory and tastey and I started to understand what some people said about the flavor overcoming quantity. Man, if all food was that tasty and you just savor each morsel, then we wouldn't we wouldn't be the fattest country in the world, haha!

Anyway, enjoy this gem of a place, in this gem of a "town". Bon Appetite!
Food was great. Got the grilled veg panini with fries. Everyone's plate was clean, absolutely nothing was left which is a good sign that they enjoyed their food too!
Met some friends here for lunch on a Friday afternoon. We arrived at 4:30 just in time for their happy hour at the bar. I had a glass of white wine and the boyfriend and I split a plate of phenomenal calamari. Our friends were a little late arriving and then we spent another ten minutes sorting out our bill which was completely messed up, so by the time we were seated it was after 5:30 and the dinner specials were no longer offered. We ordered some more calamari and coconut shrimp to start. I had the Tuna Nicoise Salad, and was pleasantly surprised when asked how I wanted it done (usually when I order this out, it's either too rare or overcooked), and it was pretty decent. Most of us ordered salad, the boyfriend ordered steak, and we were all duly impressed. One of my friends had her first ever Mojito and loved it.

Despite the hiccup with our bill (and a grumpy bartender), Chestnut Grill is solidly four stars, or four and a half stars if I could give it to them, just for being in Chestnut Hill.
This place can be full of Chestnut Hill jerks.  The food is only average and the service is ok.  

Still, if you've nothing better to do you might as well go it's not unenjoyable.
5 star for a hotel restaurant you say?

I've dined here 3 or 4 times. Yesterday was for restaurant month where I had a huge appetizer, huge entree and dessert for $25. The cocktails are not watered down as is typical of the city,

Other times I've had great experiences. All 5 star food-wise as well as fully trained waitstaff. And for the most part the prices are reasonable.

Add to that al fresco dining with heating. You just can't go wrong.
Some friends and I, in Philly for the day to scout a location for a project, ate at this establishment for brunch.  We were seated promptly and took a quick look at the menu.  There were some interesting options, from omelets to salads, burgers to sandwiches.  

Overall the food was quite good, and the price was incredibly reasonable, at least to this New Yorker's wallet.  The service was great as well.  They accommodated our request for a rush on our food as we were tight for time.  

Without knowing much about Philly and it's various restaurants, I have to say Chestnut Grill was worth the stop - that is, if you happen to be in the area.
I must say, when I first drove by Chestnut Grill & Sidewalk Cafe, the curb appeal was there; it's in the perfect spot to sit on the sidewalk or the porch with a drink in hand and people watch til your eyes are shot.  I couldn't wait to try it!

I actually waited until a special occasion because I was pretty sure that this place was fit for such.  Goodness gracious, I was wrong.  We were seated downstairs, in what looked like an old cellar turned into bar extension.  It's certainly a more casual restaurant than I'd anticipated.

The service was fine- there when you need 'em, but not hovering over dinner.  The menu was quite forgettable.  I ordered the chicken marsala, which honestly tasted like it'd been frozen and popped in the microwave.  My husband had a burger, described as "okay".  

The real fun of the night began shortly after we left the restaurant, when we both got sick and had to cut the evening short.  Considering that the only thing we ate in common that day was at THIS RESTAURANT and our symptoms matched... it seems fair enough to blame the food.  I wrote the restaurant afterword to inform them of our food poisoning, along with a copy of our receipt.  ....It's 6 months later and I still haven't heard a peep. 

You can rest assured, I will not be returning for round 2.
I enjoyed this restaurant and dining outdoors.

I came here on a date and prior to coming I was looking for restaurants with outdoor dining and this one was up my alley.

We were seated rather quickly since it was only two of us. Our waitress was nice and quick.

I ordered a chicken sandwich which also had mango pieces on it. It was different but tasty. 

I would dine here again
My friend and I had a girls night out tonight and she suggested coming here because of the rave reviews! 
We were told indoor seating was pretty packed so we decided to sit outside. The heat lamps really helped to keep things warm enough while we ate a light dinner.
Between the two of us we shared a salad, mussels, and dessert. 
The salad was the mango and shrimp salad which was refreshing and very tasty! The shrimp was fresh and cooked just enough to be tender while also seared (although I'm pregnant so I only ate a couple of them just to be safe.) It's large enough to be an entree for one person, and worth the price in my opinion! 
Unfortunately, the mussel dish was left untouched. They reeked of seawater and didn't taste fresh at all. A table next to us ordered them later in the evening and I could smell them from where we were sitting. To the establishment's credit, they didn't charge us for the dish after we asked them to take the mussels away. 
Dessert was phenomenal, though! Such a nice way to end the meal. We decided to share their banana and chocolate bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. It was decadent, moist, and filling. I would bring my husband here just so he could try the dessert! 

Our waiter was attentive and very helpful the entire evening. I would come back to try the other food they offer.
Soo good and convenient we ate here TWICE! The shrimp risotto was delicious! The burgers and portobello mushroom sandwich were also fan favorites by our group. It was even good take out the next night! They had a lot of great bar drinks listed on the cocktail menu but the real steal is the house wine which is tasty strong and cheap! The service was great both time and we loved the alley atmosphere with twinkle lights and pop up art exhibit!
My first visit to this, the restaurant of the Chestnut Hill Hotel. Was happy to find a place open on a Monday for lunch. Was immediately seated downstairs. The bar and dining area upstairs had a warm, homey look to it.

Service was excellent, and food overall looked to be good. But I was very disappointed with the veggie burger. A very perfunctory exercise of serving a the generic frozen burger, with not much attention to the bun/bread. One little pickle slice on the side? Perhaps this is their idea of insulting the vegetarians. I had asked for onion, but it wasn't included. I mean, you do have to dress these things up a bit, and no effort was made in that direction. The fruit salad on the side was completely unripe, not ready to be served. Very disappointing lunch. The other items at our table (nachos, for example) looked much better, however, so I think it's fair to keep this at 3 stars.
My husband and I had Sunday brunch there on 3/13/16. While eating his Potatoe pancake he pulled out a long piece of hair, yuke. We told the waitress who of course took it back. She then told us that the manager ignored her when she told her what had occurred with the hair. I could not believe that the manager never came to our table nor discounted any of our bill. Not even the coffee. Hopefully one day she will eat a Potatoe pancake with a hair in it!
Find the Chestnut Grill & Sidewalk Cafe next to the Chestnut Hill Hotel. (From the hotel lobby you can actually walk into the Grill.) On the ground floor, there's comfortable and intimate seating by their bar (yes, alcohol is served). It's usually crowded, so you might have to go with their downstairs seating in their stylish basement. I've done so twice; I personally enjoy the wine cellar feel.

Chestnut Grill's bread is bought from a local bakery. Their food isn't shabby, with ample serving sizes. I've enjoyed their burgers (slightly burnt but delicious), fries, wings (fun, not spicy) and salads. I'm dead inside (heh), and always appreciate more spices, but all the same, I also appreciate a well-flavored meal. For dessert I tried a tasty, tasty, tasty key lime pie, baked in-house.

Service is fine, prices aren't obscenely outrageous, and credit cards are accepted. Go for good, solid food!
Picked a perfect day for a visit to Chestnut Hill and visit the popular CH Grill & Cafe.  They have an outdoor seating area that looks quite cozy but since it was full I didn't want to wait so I sat at the bar.  The menu looks great and I wish I could've tried everything but even my appetite isn't that big so I was left to order one item.  I got a salmon BLT that tasted just as great as it looked.  Piled high and cooked to perfection (slightly pink inside) the sandwich was just what the doctor ordered.  It came with a side of fries that were good (not great) and held it's own next to the tasty BLT (if the fries are not good that can always kill a good sandwich experience).   The service was good and accommodating.  I will definitely be back and would recommend this eatery to my friends.  I'm a sucker for a bar with a good atmosphere that also has good food.  This one definitely fits the bill.
I basically live here, have worked here, etc.  I have been coming here since I was about.... 8?
The menu is awesome, you don't have to worry about things changing drastically, but do get treated to a few new additions here and there.  It is a pretty clean restaurant.  It's not THEE single most clean ever, but comparing it to some of the restaurants around, the other look like greasy spoon dive joints.
Be prepared for a very Chestnut Hilly environment (if you know what I mean.)  It's a relaxed spot, and is generally quiet.  I like this kind of thing, but some may view it as a bit stale.
The service is generally good and the personalities are generally amiable.  You come here more then about four or five times and you become a regular and start getting recognized.
I know this is kind of a weird spot to hit on, but the real plus of this place is the bathroom condition.  I have never seen such a clean men's room.  It makes it comfortable to eat as much food as you want and not have to worry about waiting to get home to take care of the aftermath.
I'd give it 4.5 stars, but we aren't allowed to... good spot overall!
My fiance and I couldn't decide where to get lunch so we decided to drive through Chestnut Hill and try to find a place. We spotted Solaris Grille but got an (amazing) parking spot right in front of Chestnut Grill. Taking it as an omen, we decided to eat there instead. 

I'm so glad we did! It was a GORGEOUS afternoon so we were able to eat outside. My fiance got the Mendocino Grilled Chicken salad and I got the Fresh Salmon salad (we were having a big Italian meal for dinner and didn't want to fill up). My salmon filet was HUGE. Really juicy and flavorful. It was served with greens with a balsamic vinaigrette dressing. Nothing special on the greens but perfect for a light lunch. I didn't try the Mendocino salad but since the plate was scraped clean I'm going to assume it was enjoyed.

We rounded out our afternoon with a tour of the nearby farmer's market. There may have been dark chocolate and peanut butter gelato involved as an added bonus. :)

We will definitely be going back. I want to try the cajun catfish appetizer and I know my fiance will be all about the beef brisket sandwich when we aren't trying to preserve room in our stomachs for a big meal later. A great find!
If you sit on the patio it's a great people watching experience.  You can't only have drinks on the patio though you must order food.  They make beautiful martini's in all flavors.  If you enjoy a nice fresh slice of watermelon dipped in vodka- must try the watermelon martini.  Delicious.  Lunch - my favorite pick is the spicy catfish wrap with fruit not fries!
A friend and I stopped here for lunch and a couple of cocktails.  We ate at the bar, and by the time we had our 3rd mimosa, the bartender cut us off indicating restaurant policy only allows each patron to have three drinks maximum. My fiance owns four restaurants in the area and we have never heard of such nonsense.  This would have been understandable had we been loud or obnoxious but this was far from the case. The reason for my visit this day was to consider this location for a bridal shower or possibly another family event; however we will not be returning due to this display.  Onlookers who overheard us being cut off for no reason also fumed at this ridiculous explanation from the bartender,  cut their lunches short as well and indicated they would never be returning either. I do not recommend if you plan on staying a while and enjoying mimosas or any other alcoholic beverage with friends.  The owners really need to get a grip on such ridiculous rules.
I went with my parents here for a Brunch and it was amazingly delicious. I ordered the Brioche French Toast & it far exceeded my expectations. They also have a great Bloody Mary.

I will definitely visit again for the tasty food. Well worth it.
I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but I stopped in last week for a drink. I was very impressed with the customer service from the bartender. He looked young, is blonde, and (I'm pretty sure) his name is Ethan. He took care of not only me, but the other customers with class and grace, making efforts to connect with everyone and was personable all around. I'm a pretty tough critic so this holds great weight!

The drink was great (forget what it was), and I had the bruschetta special, which was excellent.

I've been here twice and I have not had any issues with service, food, or drink.

Hopefully Ethan is working if you decide to stop by!
I can't say enough good things about this place.  Great food - the Cajun Catfish Fingers & Pot Stickers are amazing.  From burgers to entrees, the food is all great and reasonably priced.  However, I will say, as someone who has been on many first dates here, don't order the pasta in the pesto sauce!  You'll be worrying about pesto in your teeth for the whole meal!  It has a nice bar area albeit limited seating and a free parking lot is in the back.   It's a great place to go in the summertime because they have outdoor seating on their wraparound porch.  It's the perfect place to people watch in Chestnut Hill.  There are no reservations, so be prepared for about a 30-40min wait during the summer or on the weekends.  

Whatever you do, you must try the Tollhouse Pie!
very tastey menu. the napa wings are heavenly and they also serve big crab cakes. i'm not a fan of the tollhouse pie but the bread pudding is pretty good. outside seating makes it a great lunch spot!
We had lunch here today and it was so good. I had the beef brisket sandwich and my husband had B&B Burger. Both were so good and the service was even better. Will thank you for the great conversation and recommendations. First time her but certainly coming back.
A pleasant eatery with a cozy feel. The indoor seating provides you with  sufficient intimacy while on a date.  Out door patio is great for people watching. To my surprise a basic burger and fry selection was a home run. Crispy fries juicy burger, affordable price.  You really can't beat it.
I have been here several times for lunch.  This place is fantastic and is located in chestnut hill Germantown next to the postal office.  The restaurant is cozy and very family friendly. They have a full bar.  The brunch menu is affordable and very tasty.  I ordered the bruschetta which was very filling.  The soup and salad options for the day are very tasty as well.  The staff are nice and very attentive. Will keep coming back
I love it here! I live super close and usually order the lamb burger because I already know how delicious it is. I decided to try something new when I went last night. We started with the nachos with veg chili. They were good and there were a lot of them but it wasn't your typical nachos appetizer set up where there are a ton of toppings. I ordered the shrimp risotto as my entree which was delicious. We got the toll house pie for dessert which was also really tasty. The service was great and they have an awesome outdoor dining setup!
Sandwiches here are pretty good and I do like the veggie option for the burgers.  If you want something refreshing, go for the chicken salad on toasted raisin walnut with a side of fruit; it's decadent yet light, simultaneously.  They also have a veggie naan here but it's not a very authentic naan so if you are a purveyor of true Indian food, that's definitely an option I would stay away from.  The lamb chops app isn't bad but the lamb was more well-done rather than medium; they were nicely seasoned with a mint of mint and rosemary but I like my meat medium since it tends to lose some of that tenderness once it is cooked completely through.  Portions are pretty generous and prices are very reasonable (about $9/sandiwch or burger and ~$7-11/apps).  I always mean to order an entree but get distracted by the apps and sandwiches every single time.  Service is usually pretty good and the setting is relaxed and fun, especially when it is warm and outdoor seating is available.
I really like this place. I think that for casual dining it's top notch. In the winter, the soups hit the spot and in warmer weather, just about anything is terrific. I've had a number of the sandwiches (chicken, burger, turkey) and all were made with fresh ingredients and had great flavor combinations. I really like that you can substitute fruit for fries and the service has always been friendly. Let me repeat that part  - in case anyone who works there ever takes a look at these reviews - good service really does make a huge difference. I've been to places with terrific food that I won't go back to because the service was so indifferent. Keep it up!
Waited for a hostess that was nowhere to be found, she finally comes out, is super rude and adds people who came in after us to the wait list after walking right past us.
Here for happy hour and the food was very yummy! However, my wife and I were very disappointed at the level of service we received from the impatient bartender!
This is my favorite restaurant in Chestnut Hill. Good prices, good food, good service. What more could you ask for? And their fries are the best. If you get anything, make sure you get it with fries.  And today they had a soft shell crab sandwich that was to die for.
This is a really nice spot that you might miss if you're driving down Germantown Ave.  With the entrance on the side of the hotel, I'm sure many walk by without even knowing there is a restaurant there.  They are missing out.  Like most places in Chestnut Hill, all the food here tastes amazingly fresh.  Whether you want a salad, appetizer, sandwich or entree, you can't go wrong at the Grill. 

 I recently yelped about another Chestnut Hill spot's wings, but I must say, the Napa wings at the Grill are my favorite in town.  They are large, lightly coated in buffalo wing sauce, sprinkled with bleu cheese crumbles, and plated with a side of a delicious napa cabbage slaw/salad.  I highly recommend them!  I also loved the lemon caper chicken dinner entree I had.  I've been craving capers since then.  

So if you're on Germantown Ave in Chestnut Hill, don't miss the Chestnut Grill at the Chestnut Hill Hotel.
Just okay. Nothing to rave about. We had a party of 6 at 6 on a Sunday night. Could only get one humus plate because they ran out??? We got three appetizers and six dinners. Appetizers were good but portions small for the price. Got two of the B and B burgers. One came with bacon way over cooked and hardly any cheese. Flavorless. The other burger was just okay. Fries were good but for $13 should have gotten more. Fries are cheap. Salmon dinner was very good. Chicken Parmesan was good. Dinner salads were average. It's was an average night. $160 for 6 people. No drinks and no desert. Only ordered two actual dinners. Therefore expensive for what we got.
This place is always sub-par, but today was the WORST dining experience I've ever had. The restaurant was half empty, yet there was a wait for a party of 2 to be seated. The hostess was rude. The wait staff was rude. The food was inedible - a salad with chicken that was the texture of cardboard covered in way too many scallions and way undercooked French toast made with strange little pieces of rock hard baguette covered in what had to have been frozen berries that were complete mush. We didn't even receive everything that we ordered - we had to ask several times for water, cream for the coffee, and a lemonade that we must have had to ask for half a dozen times before it came. Silverware and napkins on the table were dirty. We clearly didn't eat ANYTHING - the server kept insisting on packing our food to go but it was inedible and we didn't want any of it. Finally when the check came, she said my card was declined. I checked my account and there were several hundred dollars in funds available in my checking account so I have no idea why it would go trough but was really the icing on the cake to finish off a horrible brunch experience. Will never come here again.
Had a nice dinner with Ida G. and her boyfriend.  We arrived in time for happy hour and I got a margarita.  It was actually pretty good!  We moved to a booth for dinner.  I got the pear goat cheese salad, which was phenomenal!  So delicious!  We had very attentive service and I would recommend it. :)
The service was phenomenal. Our waitress, I don't remember her name,  worked really hard. She was diligent and checked our table every couple of minutes. That was the best part of the visit. But, don't waste your time getting the fish tacos because they are awful. And don't get the Washington State Reisling because it's awful. Instead, get the B&B Burger. My niece loved hers. If you can sit outside, go for it. It was very relaxing.
Sloooooooooooow! And bad. We were told the wait was 10 minutes. Waited for 30. Sat us down, and didn't get served for 1 hour and 10 minutes. This was Sunday lunch, and it wasn't even that busy. 

Clam chowder condensed and salty. Bruschetta was really good. Salmon burger, everything was cold, the english muffin burned. Corn beef plate (forgot name) cold and salty. 

Waitress was completely disconnected  untrained, and inexperienced (probably high school student) 

What happened to this place???
Awesome veggie burgers and the violinist who was playing outside the restaurant was both talented and as handsome as they come ;)
While visiting relatives in Phi we came here for dinner a couple times in Sep 06 & Aug 08 since it was convenient & just around the corner from where I was staying. Food was tasty & good value for the money. Atmosphere & ambience very comfortable & relaxing. Really enjoyed dining here but didn't get around to visiting again in subsequent visits to Phi. Look forward to having dinner here again next time I'm in town.
Good, consistent food at a great price. Brunch is always delicious and bartender Chris is awesome. Definitely one of our favorite spots on the Hill.
Always a nice cozy, well appreciated dinning experience. It's close to my residence and always has a nostalgic feel of what it's like to dine in Europe. The outdoor seating coupled with the simply serene historic setting of Chestnut Hill is amazing. The actual restaurant is smallish, even with the lower level seating. This upstairs dining area where the bar is, easily becomes a little too loud once patrons begin to enter. The staff is always helpful and attentive. As for the cuisine... it is definitely worth all the ambiance and élan of the surrounding area. I've been twice for dinner and then for appetizers and drinks. Both times were good experiences. After dinner if it isn't too late, walk Germantown avenue. Feel the aged sublimity of the procession of time. See how little has changed about this area besides the names on the store fronts from the 1800's. Savor the delicacy that is Chestnut Grill and Sidewalk Cafe.
Since I wrote my last review, I've eaten here several times and had really good experiences. I haven't had the brunch, but dinners and lunches have been good, and there's no better place in the area for al fresco dining, especially on a warm spring evening. Service seemed to have also improved. 

I'm glad, because I love supporting local restaurants, not chains.
First time here and we enjoyed our experience... Glad we didn't let the other reviews stop us.... Nice atmosphere greet staff and we recommend the coconut shrimp and New Orleans catfish for appetizer and the Lamb burger was delish :) outside seating is also available
I love love love love this place!! Everything we have ordered to eat has been fantastic. I always order my son the chicken strips, which I end up eating most of the time. Their happy hour nachos are huge and is enough to feed two people. I love their burgers and beef brisket sandwich. They have happy hour from 4pm to 6pm Monday through Friday. House wines are like $4.50.
I was walking the dogs and smelled hamburgers on the grill. My neighbor, Anderson Delone, was sitting on his deck and suggested the Chestnut Hill Grill. I was surprised to find that it was the restaurant in the Hotel and it was kinda hidden past the quiet lobby. Nice bar atmosphere, good menu, great prices.

A loud talker in the bar area (I agreed with everything she had to say - I just couldn't hear my husband) made the eating area downstairs more attractive. Our waitress was eager to please and gave good advice. 

We loved our burgers which were so large I just finished the second half of mine for lunch. Super tomato slice in April! And brie cheese and onion rings are great additions! Definitely a place we will revisit. 

The only issue was that we were brought a different beer than the one we ordered (because the bartender thought we would enjoy this one more). It was kinda strange, but the beer was good, so we rolled with it. Then we were charged extra for a "featured" beer that wasn't on the menu we had ordered from. Wished I had simply said, "No - we'll pay for the one we ordered since there was no indication upon delivery that the one we were given would be more." We are very generous tippers, and that little up-sale cost her more than the difference, sad to say. Next time . . .
My best friend and I went here for dinner a week or so ago. We hadn't hung out in a while, and were eager to catch up. She had recommended the Grill, having been there before and liked it. I was attracted by a goat's cheese ravioli offering on the menu. 

Our ceasar salad appetizers were very good. However, I was less than impressed when as soon as our salad plates had been cleared away, the mains were *immediately* brought out. 

Our main courses had clearly been prepared earlier and been sitting under a heat lamp until we were ready.  I was a waitress for 5 years, and appreciate freshly prepared, hot food, particularly easy items such as pasta and a fish sandwich! It's my opinion that there should not be a set, predetermined time for appetizers and for mains, particularly when it's not a full restaurant. The area in which we sat had some people, but there were multiple empty tables (ie. no one was waiting for our indoor, basement tables on a sunny, warm summer evening).

My raviolis themselves were only warm, and were quite flavorless after a fantastic salad. It was not a 16.95 portion, either. I know how hard and long a dinner service can be, but the waitress' demeanor and her decision to call our mains away before we'd finished our salads only communicated that she wanted to go home. 

I think I'd go again if a friend chose it, but would be more likely to want to try elsewhere in Chestnut Hill.
As a local to the area, I've been here numerous times and occasionally have a good meal but inevitably encounter a mediocre experience.  I always give the Grill a second chance except after Sunday's experience.  The waitress kept apologizing for being frantic and for confusing our orders.  She was in such a constant rush that she spilled dishes while cleaning a table near me and fell going up a step.  
At one point she brought us someone else's dish and insisted it was mine and that it accidentally came out with the appetizers.  Once she discovered the mistake, she swooped in and grabbed the dish from us without explanation.  She would refill beverages with the wrong drinks and then disappear at length to make the correction.
She substituted a key part of my dish without alerting me in advance.  She justified the substitution by telling me that kitchen simply stopped making potatoes pancakes and that fries are the next closest thing.  I asked her to get approval to comp an appetizer; she came back with a $1 reduction on the bill instead.
I can't possibly dine there again and it's not because of the waitress alone.  Her service was so off the wall, that I question how management could not have noticed and intervened to protect their reputation.  The Grill has never been a great restaurant and Chestnut Hill has much better options, so this was their last second chance from me.
Thoroughly surprised at this place's review after my experience there... We waited 45 minutes for 5 plates of food, which were mediocre at best. I had a burger, it was flavorless and served with no sauces. Our service was also terrible, during that 45 minute wait, I drank my soda, and no one came to offer refills, although the table's water (which I did not have one of) was refilled once before our food came.
Gotta give it a three. 
First time trying this place. Ordered via Caviar, pickup, since I'm local. Ready on time. Staff polite and helpful. (It was a little busy and I didnt know where the pickup station was). I chose the Ceasar salad with salmon because it's one of my favorite dishes, and I wanted to find a go-to spot to get my fix when I dont feel like cookin. Overall, it wasn't BAD. It was very pretty. Just BLAND! I mean really bland. 
The salmon was fine. It naturally has enough flavor that it doesn't need more than salt and pepper. But the salad? Can you say UNSEASONED? I usually make my own dressing and croutons, so I understand making allowances for personal taste, but I've never had to add salt and pepper to a salad. When that didn't work, I had to add some of my own dressing just to make it palatable. The croutons were pretty much just buttered bread. With a 3star rating, I will give it another go, but I'll try something else
Met my mother here for Happy Hour. We both ordered 2 Marquitas. The drinks came and they were NOT of equal pour. I show the waitress and the waitress talks to manager. Waitress comes back to say we will remake the drink. I ask to speak to the manager so I can let the manager see that the drinks are not of equal poor. Waitress leaves, comes back and still does not bring the manager. Waitress says, "I will take back your drink and comp this drink and make you a new drink." I say fine. Bill comes, I am charged for 2 drinks. I speak to the manager and owner and their rationale is, "we threw out the first drink comp that drink and made u another drink." Me, " umm sir and madam, my bill should reflect a Marquita for 6.00 and NOT 12.00." They did not understand my rationale and never comp me for a drink. The manager and owner never apologized to my mother and I. I have been coming here for years and I am truly disappointed in both the manager and the owner. They will never get my business again!!
We were staying at the Chestnut Hill Hotel (which was lovely), and after having made other reservations, decided to eat at the Grill. Big idea. Food, service, value and ambiance hit a home run.

It was a mild night, so we ate on the terrace fronting Germantown Ave., and it was perfect [can't speak for the inside vibe].

Re: my maxim about bread, these guys serve an out-standing baguette, and I probably could have stuffed myself on that alone, but we small-plated our way through dinner, which I prefer for variety. 

The appetizers cover a good range of flavors with generous portions. I began with an excellent white bean soup special and moved on to the delicious catfish tenders (a bit spicy for my partner but I'm hardly an iron mouth). Petite lambchops were a tad sweet but still perfectly cooked and tasty. My companion's tuna nicoise was not the typical catfood approach but a sliced tuna filet seared to order--a winner.

The wine list and the food it accompanies would benefit from more interesting choices, but prices were fair. And the prices in general--esPECially for a hotel--were remarkably modest. Throughout the evening, our server, Leann, made the meal even more pleasant with good humor, advice and timing.

Regardless of where I stayed, I'd go back to The Grill in a heartbeat. I wish my own nabe had a comparable gem.
I have been here several times and had good experiences with the food and service.  I'm not crazy about the downstairs seating as it is chilly and dark.   We were seated and our table seemed to be the only one our waitress had.   Due to this, service was slow, it took awhile to order drinks and our meal.  My daughter ordered pancakes and it was still uncooked in the middle.  We had to flag down another waitress to find our waitress.   My daughter received another plate of pancakes that were slightly overdone. 
We also tried to order the meatball sliders but were told you couldn't order meatballs until after 5 pm.   I'm not sure why that is not listed on the menu or we weren't told ahead of time. We received the check and the pancakes were still on the bill, so I asked for it to be removed from the check.  It will be a bit before I think about returning
The Grill is one of my favorite places on The Hill because I am guaranteed a great meal! The Mendocino chicken salad with sweet and sour dressing is one of my favorites and I've had their filet twice and it too is pretty great! One thing that I would suggest to not get is the calamari...you'll chew forever!!
Hit up the Grill for brunch on a Sunday and you'll also be pleased! Their brunch burrito is really tasty and they serve a pretty good cup of coffee. Service is always really good as well and it's nice to have the parking lot right behind the building!
It's... ok. Just ok. I wasn't really wowed with our experience at the Chestnut Grill. I don't know that I'd go back really. At least not to eat dinner anyways. Definitely seems like a nice bar to grab a drink and maybe get some bar food. But otherwise, it's not a very memorable place. 
The food was decent, the service was, meh. Prices were pretty much in line with the area (a little pricey, but not outrageous like dining downtown). 
I opted for a burger, which was cooked correctly, but lacked flavor. My fiancé had the pasta dish with chicken, which was a nice healthy portion, but was kind of bland. 
I honestly think there are better options for dinner in Chestnut Hill (see : Osaka, Paris, Stella Sera, Mica, Heirloom). For this type of food, I'd drive down to Manayunk and eat at the likes of Beast and Ale or The Goat's Beard. For a quick drink though, Chestnut Grill would most likely suffice
Came here for brunch this past weekend had the following:
Coffee-good!
Passion Mimosa-Passion Fruit Juice+Champagne=one happy girl!

Brioche French Toast: Delicious
Coconut Shrimp-Superb (although they need to find a different dipping sauce recipe)
Turkey and Brie on Multigrain Croissant: MEH. There was a funny taste to the meat, and I didn't finish my sandwich (and I ALWAYS finish sandiwches).

I would return, but next time I will try something else.
Great service, lovely area.  Great for lunch. Fair price. 
Tends to get crowded on the weekends. 
Their appetizers of the Nacho is so large, that a party of 4 couldn't even finish it! 
Recommend the Calamari (ask to make it extra crispy),  Thai salad, coconut shrimp, & the Napa wings.
This has been my go-to place for a decade, whenever people come to town and want to get dinner before going to the Stagecrafters Theatre.  Every time we go, every member of the party is very happy with their meal.  I got the Kobe burger (only $10) and it was excellent.
Our waitress was very friendly and actively jogging to make sure all her tables were taken care of quickly.
Dependable good & interesting food.
The food was great but the service was bad. No offers for drink refills the entire  meal. We paid our check with 4 empty drinks that were empty  for the last 20 mins of the meal. No offer of sugar with tea either.   There was a 15 to 20 minute wait between  the time our appetizers were cleared and our meals brought out.  I've worked in restaurants  for over a decade and there's no excuse  for this lack of service other than laziness. You typically tell the kitchen staff when to start cooking the entrees to minimize the time between courses.

The hotel receptionist didn't acknowledge us either when we came in. We stood for minutes before calling her attention.  It seemed passive aggressive.  

The food was great. I'll gladly come back for the food and continue giving a poor tip for the poor service. It saves me money. I thought you worked for tips?
This place was awesome!
I had the catfish wrap with fries. I didn't try anyone else's soup but it smelled amazing.  

Everyone said they were very pleased with their meals. 

And when I was looking at the menu I scoffed at the salmon salads price because normally you don't get enough salad. However I saw them bring it out to another table and it was enormous. Can't wait to go back and get it. 

Heaters out about the tables kept us comfortable. 

Wait staff was great. We got to hang out with what I assumed was the owner or general manager while we waited for a table. 

There is a little farmers market you can walk over to while you wait. 

We finished off the night with bread pudding and Lattes.
Salad was drowned in dressing.  What a shame because the greens were so fresh.  That salad had to go back and the server took it off the bill.  Server said I should have asked for dressing on the side.   Huh. Really.  I thought it was their job to know how to dress a salad?  Also had a cup of Manhattan clam chowder that was so skimpy on clams.   To top it off we were seated underground (or so it seemed) and could get cell or wifi so could not get some business done that I hoped to accomplish at lunch.   Server was AWOL most of the time.
Great potential, but always hit or miss with the food. 

Sat in the downstairs area a number of times. No phone service down there. The last time I went it smelled like a dumpster. Service was poor. 

Dessert was good though.
Worst service I have ever had. My daughter, wife and I went for a late lunch on Sunday. First I had to wait 45 minutes for soup, which was cold. They had sent it to the wrong table, and couldn't figure out what table it belonged to. I understand mistakes happen, so that wasn't a big deal. We then asked for extra napkins and a refill on drinks. We never received them, after asking 3 times. We ordered my daughters meal first, and asked that she get hers before ours. Our meal took an hour to get to our table and hers still had not come out. I asked the waitress where her meal was, she responded "you should have gotten that an 30 minutes ago". She went to check and never came back. I went inside to find out where it was. Found the waitress and again she said "they still didn't bring it out?" I asked 4 times for her meal and waited 2 hours for a kids plate of PASTA!! The easiest dish to make!!! The pasta never came and they still tried to charge me for it on the original bill. Will never return.
I had lunch here with the in-laws, and it was quite pleasant. They carry Stewart's cream sodas, which is nice, and they have a nice selection of beers on draught as well. If you are seated downstairs, it seems a bit dark, but the atmosphere is not bad. Their sandwiches are really tasty. I loved the catfish sandwich. It was blackened with a kick! Amazingly, you can choose a more healthy option than fries to accompany your sandwich (fruit is the option), but I naturally got the fries, and their fries are amazing! The in-laws enjoyed their lamb sandwiches, but found the naan a little clumsy for the sandwich.
I enjoy the food here, it is not sophisticated but it is well prepared. The seasoning is always mild so you won't be surprised but you might be a little bored. I have always had good service, although the bar is slow so ask for that dinner drink well in advance. Dinner, drinks and dessert will run about a hundred dollars. This is why I come away disappointed. The food is just not that interesting or creative. Go to Campbell's instead.
I got the lamb burger and fries. It was really good. The burger comes medium and was comes to perfection. The only issue I had with this place was that they seemed to be severely under staffed. We probably say there for about 2 hours in total. All we ordered was nachos as an appetizer (which were also really good) and we reach ordered a sandwich (there was four of us). I would have given this place five stars had the service been a little quicker.
My girlfriend would kill me if she saw me give this place this low of a rating, because she loves it, but I'm just not that big of a fan.  

It's certainly not awful or anything, and it deserves points for being a local institution in a cool building and a nice neighborhood.  It's just that I've been a few times for brunch, and not really been that impressed.  The downstairs room can feel cold, and the service not the best, as though you get lost and forgotten easily down there.  The brunch menu is nothing out of the ordinary, as the offerings are your kind of standard breakfast fare (save for a usually very good pancake special).  The last time I went, the food was served a little cold, though that doesn't seem to happen often.  

Overall, OK place, but there are much better options in the area.
I was taking my 90 year old cousin out for the day. Decided to go to Chestnut Hill Grill for lunch.  I have been here before and the food is always good. I called to see if they take reservations and was told only for parties of 5 or more. I explained that my cousin was 90 years old and didn't want her standing around to long waiting for a seat. They let me talk to the manager and they were very nice and accommodating.  They also suggested we sit upstairs so she wouldn't have to climb the stairs.  Also the bathroom is on the first floor (none downstairs).  When we arrived,  our table was waiting :)
I did not realize that on the weekends they only have a brunch menu until two pm. This was my only issue.  The menu is set for certain times. That's  it!  You can't get any options off the lunch or dinner menu at that time.
The waitress was pleasant and patient with us. Giving us time to decide what to order. She was helpful with answering all our questions.
My cousin decided on the Classic Egg Breakfast with sausage.  She could not understand that a potato pancake was potatoes and that she didn't need syrup! She said everything was delicious.  
I got the Brunch Burger with fries. The beef was fresh and juicy.  The egg on top was just right. The fries,  just the right amount of crispy.  My food was also very good!
It turned out to be a very pleasant day with my favorite cousin :)
P.S. They have a parking lot that is for all the stores and restaurants in the area,  but it is very busy and hard to find a space on the weekends.
Chestnut Grill is a good safe bet for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. It seems like most of their items are made fresh in-house and the quality is usually very good. We always get something with their house made blue cheese dressing and can't seem to resist their sirloin burger. The service can be a little slow at times but it's usually pleasant experience. Would recommend trying out the patio on a nice day!
Great happy hour between 4-6pm during the week. $2 off house wine made my delicious glass of Pinot Grigio enjoyed al fresco just $4.50!! This spot also has some of the best outdoor seating on Germantown Ave for people watching. My husband and I enjoyed our drinks on their patio on a beautiful night. The food here is traditional America cuisine but the portions looked large and the service was friendly and prompt on a Tuesday night. We look forward to coming back for a casual dinner and another happy hour drink!
Such a cute little place! Dined here with a friend of mines and we had a great time. Our server was Ethan, he was nice, and made sure we had what we needed. We sat in the bar area because the seating was filled outside--I'd recommend making a reservation if you have the chance as this place is very small. We started out with the vegetarian chili nachos which were fantastic! Then we shared the catfish wrap and shrimp risotto. The wrap was FIRE!!! The shrimp risotto was good too, but a little bit in the heavier side of things so I couldn't finish it after having everything else. Topped the evening off with the caramel pecan peach pie which I'm almost sure I'll be having dreams about. I will definitely be coming back here again. Thanks Chestnut Grill!!
