I usually walk past this place on my usual weekend stroll thru fishtown on my hunt for thrifty finds to brag to friends about (see that vintage chair? Only $18 bucks...too bad its one of a kind...all mine, bro...all mine.)

Anyway, I figured it was a good day to cross this place off my "eat here" list and soon as you walk in, its easy to notice how cool the decor is. It's not over the top and the space was thought out well for the size. 
I dived right in and order the green curry chicken wontons. (6 for $8 bucks, nice.) You can really tasted the daikon and the crispy onion really balanced out the texture. 
Yup I have texture issues. 
Likeeee...I love sliced cucumber, but it's gotta be REALLY SLICED THIN, Yanno?

Anyway, next I skipped right to the drinks because I needed a little pick me up after my long day of thrifting. I ordered the middle-aged samurai which was like 2 types of whiskey, plum, and sea salt. I was pleasantly surprised at the serving size and taste balance of sweet and salty. 

Was seating a bit slow? 
Maybe, but whatever. 
Some things are worth a little wait. 
Like good food and thrift store treasure.
Another trendy restaurant opens in my hood. After months of walking past a packed restaurant, we finally secured a reservation for last Saturday night. We started with the beef & kimchi bing bun and the green curry chicken wontons. The beef bun was huge, cut into 4ths, and a delicious twist on a classic. Think cheeseburger meets traditional steamed bun. The green curry chicken wontons were perfect for sharing as well- I believe there were 6 to an order. The wontons were steamed and soft, with crispy shallots and peanuts for garnish. The green curry sauce was moderately spicy, but nothing we couldn't handle.

I ordered miso ramen and my husband ordered brisket ramen. Our friends ordered the miso pork loco moco. I tried tastes of everything. My miso ramen was flavorful but a bit on the salty side. I didn't like my husband's brisket ramen at all, but I'm not a fan of matzo. Our friends' miso pork loco moco was really interesting and full of ginger flavor. 

I think the prices are a little ridiculous- $14 for a bowl of ramen- but its also on trend for the area. While Fishtown used to be pretty affordable, restaurant prices rival center city. Drinks here weren't cheap, either. The happy hour looks like a pretty decent deal though, with $5 apps and discounted drinks.  I may try this again in the winter, when I'm more likely to enjoy heavy ramen, and update my review accordingly.
Cheu Fishtown has quickly become one of Fishtown's most popular restaurants.  It's in an historic former patrol house building that has been renovated nicely to accommodate this Asian-Jewish fusion restaurant.  It has just recently been joined by a sister Izakaya called Nunu situated in the new building next door.  The vibe here is chill and you kinda feel that as soon as you walk in.  During this spell of frigid weather I thought the Matzo ball beef brisker ramen was what was called for and indeed it was tasty and filling.  I would have liked it slightly hotter temperature-wise ... but maybe that was because it was so cold out.  Service was pleasant and I can def recommend Cheu Fishtown.
We may think we are rational, but we are all slaves to our Dopamine neurotransmitters.

The first time I came to Cheu Fishtown, I'd left aggressively debating the Price/Value proposition, and why I'd want to return here, particularly if I didn't live in the neighborhood. A lunch without an alcoholic beverage or dessert had cost me $46, which I felt was steep - especially with a critically acclaimed competitor serving Asian noodles nearby, where you barely end up paying $20 per person.

"How hungry are you?" was the question asked of me by the server as I inquired how many dishes I'd need to order if I was only ordering from the left side of the menu (buns, dumplings, and snacks) as opposed to from the right side (noodles, rice + stuff). The correct number in that case would be 3 per person, given small portion sizes. But, if you were balanced in ordering, from both right and left, or just the right, your lunch cost would be much lower. So, the logical question to consider, with your wallet in mind, would be: "how disciplined are you?"

But, that's not how our pleasure centers work... which is where Dopamine kicks into the equation (*). Without even realizing how it has happened, over time I've gotten convinced that Cheu Fishtown is the far superior Asian (albeit, avowedly, fusion) dining option in the neighborhood. FAR SUPERIOR. I had to figure out why this was the case, and realized that it's the same theory of customer engagement that is practiced by Starbucks: continuous roll-out of new products. It's the freshness to the menu that brings me back again and again to Cheu Fishtown. None of the three dishes I'd tried in November: Tuna Poke (Avocado, pineapple, rice crisps), Beef and Kimchi Bing, and Charred Sweet Potatoes (Chipotle Miso Aioli and crunchy furikake) remained on the menu. In their place, there was a Pastrami (or soybean Falafel) Bing, Fried Cauliflower (with crispy lentils, curry aioli, golden raisins), BBQ duck rolls (cucumber, green papaya, basil, hoisin), coconut creamed collard greens (baby shrimp, kimchi, sesame)... you get the picture. It's hard to resist what's new and exciting - and that automatically creates the expectation of pleasure.

But, it's not simply the anticipation of pleasure. Cheu Fishtown delivers on the promise as well. The imaginative combination of ingredients (above) is brought together exceptionally well in terms of layers of flavor, and textural flourish and breadth: crunch, softness, smokiness, ginger, tang, nuttiness - they are all there. I've long given up on my passionate resistance to "fusion food", realizing that it was more a result of consuming bland and uninspired fare like 'Chinese' chicken salad with fried wontons - dishes better suited for airports and malls. David Chang has probably shaped my thinking most, and I believe he's correct in asking: "what food culture isn't a fusion of other food cultures?"

So, give in to fusion... and let dopamine guide you back to Cheu Fishtown - again and again. (4.5 stars)

(*) Probably unhelpful to mention that our knowledge about the role of dopamine in pleasure, owes to experiments where rats repeatedly administered electric shocks to themselves...)
A friend and I had dinner at Cheu Fishtown this past Saturday when we visited Philly. We had a reservation for 7:30pm, and when we arrived, we were shown immediately to our table. The restaurant was really cool - lots of red lighting, paper lanterns, cool music playing. The food was really good overall. We started with the Sichuan chicken wontons (roasted red pepper, charred eggplant puree, and chili bean sauce), which was unusual and delicious. Then, we had the milkbread toast with miso cheese dip, furikake, and olive oil, which was good but I wished it had more miso flavor in the cheese spread, because the milkbread was soft and beautifully grilled but the cheese was light in flavor. After that, we shared the blue crab and wasabi roe roll, which was simple and delicious. Then, the brisket ramen with a matzo ball, kimchi, and sesame red chili broth. I loved everything about it except the brisket, which I wish had been trimmed a bit more because it was too fatty for me. I loved the broth, the kimchi, and the matzo ball though. Since everything we tried was delicious, we decided to get dessert: a napoleon with chai whipped cream and poached pears, which was delicious. We also enjoyed a couple of cocktails: Thai Basil Smash (bourbon, honey, ginger, lemon) and the Venencia (Oolong old fashioned with cherry and plum bitters). The service was great, and my experience overall was wonderful. I'd definitely go back again.
Open less then a week and it was simply great . Ben and Shawn are the two best restauranteurs in Philadelphia. All the Cheu and Bing Bing classics and some new stuff. I tried all the new items and all I can say is wow!!! Make sure you have the Poke. The Bao and dumplings were crazy good. The place is hipster central in a great architectural artsy building. Smaller then I thought it would be . Had a 20 minute wait at 1:00 for lunch so.... Service was spot on with a charming beauty from Norleans waiting on us. It's a great addition to Fishtown.
So I like soup and I like Asian food, but can you believe I've never had ramen before? I've been wanting to try it for awhile, but I'm not an adventurous eater and I guess it just looks so ..unique to me.

Anyways, how did I end up here?  We live in Chicago and I told my fiancé that I wanted to try ramen after walking by some underground ramen spot with a massive line in Chicago's west loop.  I mean come on, it had to be superb considering how many people wanted to eat it in a basement setting.  

Anyways, we were in Philly visiting family and this place came up as one of the best ramens.  So we made a reservation at 8:45 on Friday night (they're like booked solid!).  The restaurant and area reminded me of Chicago's wicker park neighborhood , home of the hipsters.  It was pretty small but comfy, and very ....grunge?  Our waiter was excellent and we each got a bowl of ramen super quick! 

I had the regular miso one considering I hate spicy, while my fiancé got something similar but spicy.  Portions were large! In my ramen was some pork belly, green stuff, and an egg. I'll be honest, I was a bit hesitant about eating the egg but it was all good! The broth was salty which a tiny kick to it.  I mean it wasn't my favorite thing in the world but it was good enough where I'll definitely be eating ramen more!
The space was very trendy and although the menu is small the food is very delicious. Drinks were good and the ramen and bao and dumplings are superb! I also liked that if you ask for a straw you get a hay straw in order to cut down plastic waste. Overall if you're deciding between this place and nunu the other Asian influenced restaurant next door this is my go to.
Oh my goodness. I cannot recommend this place enough. This is definitely one of the first places I'll be heading back to once the quarantine is over. Everything I've tried here is amazing but my go-to is the Coconut Curry Ramen. It's absolutely delicious and so full of flavors. Definitely a must get! I keep wanting to try some of the other soups but just can't get over this one enough to skip it lol. 

It's a small place but is never packed so it's cozy and intimate. Love this!
tl;dr a fun happy hour with the characteristic Fishtown vibes, but the food will leave plenty to be desired

When Cheu announced that it was opening a new location in a local firehouse, promising more seating and an expanded menu, my mouth already began watering. Plus, this place takes reservations, so no more worrying about having to find a weekend seat like at OG Cheu.

Walking into Cheu Fishtown with my partner, equipped with our reservation during Friday happy hour, I was immediately impressed. A giant graffiti-art octopus decorating the wall to the left hangs over several two-person tables, while a long bar complete with stools lays immediately to the right. Cheu really plays up the classic Fishtown industrial vibe, sporting metal folding chairs, factory lights, and a repurposed chainlink fence. They really went all in for the ambiance --even the bathroom has door and walls lined with stickers graffiti-style.

We were seated quickly, and service was prompt and friendly, although our waitress forgot to bring out one of the drinks we ordered. The bar menu is diverse and exciting, giving you the opportunity to choose from eclectic drinks like Sapporo and sake. The drinks and food were served in 

But the food, unfortunately, is not something to be excited about. We ordered the Pastrami Bing, Red Beet Rangoons, Mochi Nori Calamari, and Miso Ramen. The calamari was undercooked and chewy, and it had no real flavor of its own (fortunately it came with homemade cocktail sauce to drown it in). The bing was a prime example of fusion food gone wrong -- the pastrami ended up tasting like a hotdog, and the bing quickly became soggy and unpleasant. The ramen was a large portion size and smelled delicious, but the broth and meat ended up tasting underseasoned. On the other hand, there was one saving grace: the rangoons were actually memorable! They had a nice crisp and a very fresh flavor.

Overall, I think this place is worth a try for its cool atmosphere and sheer novelty. But, while Cheu Fishtown was a valiant effort to expand upon a classic, I will be sticking to OG Cheu from now on.
Cheu Fishtown is definitely following in the path of its older brothers, Cheu Noodle Bar and Bing Bing!  It's smaller and intimate with high ceilings and a very cool vibe, it fits in with the neighborhood very well and secured a spot in what seems to be one of the next big restaurant areas... (go grab a cocktail from WM Mulherin's Sons around the corner to see what I mean).  The service is great and attentive, we did not have a reservation on a Saturday night, thinking it was late and we were fine.  They fit us in after a short wait and were very welcoming about it.  
The food is delicious, inventive and well prepared.  We only had wine and beer but the drinks look very cool too, a must try next time!  The wine list is limited (house white or red) but both were good,and the beer list is extensive.  
There were four of us and we all left full!!  We started with the buns of the day - scrapple with a cranberry sauce, and the pork buns.  The pork was cooked perfectly and the sauce was just a little spicy, good ratio of filling to bun also! Both were amazing and the hit of the night, it is amazing how much flavor they can get into little buns! We then had the beet and goat cheese rangoons which I have to admit I was skeptical about but WOW they blew me away with the flavor and crispiness of the rangoon.  The Chinese broccoli was good, but not great.  We then shared the Miso Pork Loco Moco, curry noodles and brisket ramen.  The curry noodles were everyone's favorite but you can't go wrong with any of them! The ramen needed hot sauce but they have it at the table for you - but all in all the flavor were so out of this world we couldn't stop eating! 
tldr - Totally lives up to its predecessors, you feel cool coming here, and the food is different and amazingly flavored!
Located in the heart of fishtown, Cheu has an assortment of Asian food - truly a fusion, and both indoor/outdoor seating. Their drink menu has an assortment of interesting drinks, though I didn't try any. We started with the Corn Rangoon, filled with melted goat cheese and corn, wrapped with a crisp chewy wrap, it was delicious and probably my favorite of the things I ordered. The milk toast bread with light and fluffy, paired well with the miso butter. The coconut curry noodle was a soup noodle, though nothing to write home about, especially since some of the noodles were clumped together still. The waiters/waitresses here were very attentive and kind.
I love that there is a cheu by work and a cheu by home. I was fortunate enough to catch the end of happy hour last week. As always, the food is great. It's very not traditional Asian which is what makes it so fun. We got the pastrami dumplings, watermelon salad, and bing for starters. Just really fun and weird combination of flavors that I would never think would work but it totally does. 
My friend and I also shared the char siu brisket--ok I'll admit I'm a big eater but unless if you get even more food I don't know how this actually feeds 4 people. The brisket was perfectly cooked and while I liked the pickled veggies to wrap with the meat, my friend was less impressed. The only disappointment was the rice cakes... which when we asked the server what a rice cake was she couldn't explain it? (Or if you said if you've had Korean rice cakes or tteok)... anyways the flavors didn't work as well and came at this weird lukewarm temperature.
The hh beer menu was on point and I was introduced to a new favorite beer so what more could I want? Love the space--and I can't wait to come back.
Saturday night reservations for hubby's birthday. We were greeted with a smile and seated straight away. 

Started our meal with black garlic wings. I almost asked for a cup of the sauce to drink. It was pretty trucking delicious.  Wings were crunchy and juicy and extremely flavorful. 

I got the ahi tuna bap bowl (basically a poke bowl). It had all kinds of yumminess in it...kimchi, nori, miso guac, a vegan egg (which I wasn't too sure about but didn't hate it) and chili oil. It was a little dry, I feel like it needed a wet ingredient or some kid of sauce. I added the sauces that were on the table and they complimented the dish really well.  

Hubby got the miso ramen and only came up for air when he was done. Clearly, he hated it. 

Bathrooms were clean and prices are really reasonable. I highly recommend reservations. We'll def be back. 

Note: they are very conscious of food allergies which I love. I have a shellfish allergy and the server told me what not to get (the brisket ramen is made with shrimp paste).
My first time eating a place like this one. I'm normally against any kind of Asian cuisine (former picky child here ) but this has opened a world of possibility for me. 

I was here on Saturday during a decent happy hour. Drinks and food were on special ranging starting at about $4. There were delicious wings, and some kind of beef dumplings. Both were sooo Good! 

Its one of those things where you think its not gonna be good but you're proven wrong. I'd definitely come back as I saw there was some kind of brisket on the menu thata meant to be shared. 

PS ! Pitcher of beer for $12 ?? You cant beat that
Hip Asian fusion spot with a great happy hour. Came in at 6pm on a weekday with my sister, and didn't need a reservation, though I recommend reservations, especially on weekends - I imagine it can get crowded!

Atmosphere: Open kitchen with relatively short wait time - maybe around 10 to 15 minutes for the food. Dress is casual. Servers are friendly.

Food: The highlight was definitely the rangoons - I could eat these over and over again - very well crisped on the outside. The ramen broth was tasty too - I ordered the miso ramen with a garlic-y broth, and my sister ordered the brisket. Both came with a good portion of meat. I wish they came with a bit more noodles / vegetables, but both were very filling.

Overall: 4/5 - I am definitely coming back during happy hour - I'd love to try some of their drinks next time, and get the rangoons again!
I had only heard amazing things about CHeU so I was very excited to go with my roommates the other night and let me tell you, it lived up to the hype!

First of all, the place is so cute and chill and everyone who works there is so nice and welcoming. Second of all, they are an Asian fusion restaurant which is cool in itself but then I found out that the other part of the fusion is Jewish food which is so unique! I appreciated that a lot. 

We didn't get any mixed drinks but wow did they all sound delicious!

I had people in my party who were vegan and gluten free, and both were able to find food there that wasn't just French fries or a salad.

I got the brisket ramen and it was so warm and tasty! The brisket was perfectly cooked and the broth was so flavorful that I had no problem drinking it up with the soup that came with it. (Heads up, they give you chopsticks but you have to ask for a fork). But everything was easy enough to eat with chopsticks!

I still dream about CHeU honestly. Next time I definitely want to try the buns and the bowls.
Amazing. I've been a few times since opening and everything has been on point, including the cocktails. Happy hour prices are great and beer selection is awesome. Great addition to the neighborhood.
I hate to be the negative nancy to point out that this is NOT how Asian food should be done. I have NEVER sent a plate back and this restaurant was the one to pop that cherry (I hated to do it, but I couldn't bear to pay for such a horrendous dish...)
Our table tried:
- beef & kimchi bing.. overly sauced and i had no idea what flavors to focus on..it also looked like a hot mess. i'm sorry, but my Korean mother would have cried had she tried this.
- pastrami pork dumpling.. nope nope nope..WHY?
- corn rangoon.. if you like ultra creamy this might be for you. i will say the rangoon skin was super crispy, which was a delight until you tasted the interesting creamy flavors within.
- watermelon & cucumber salad.. i will say this is the only one i thought that was pretty okay. the watermelon flavors worked well with the spices. overall refreshing.
- black garlic wings..OVER-SAUCED..over flavored. that sauce tang just continued forever.. if you like super flavored sauces, i guess you could enjoy this.
- miso ramen & brisket ramen..if you like watered down ramens..go for it. overall such a disappointment because we came to this joint for the ramen
- cold peanut noodles..vinegary? how? 
- wasabi rice cakes..this is the one i had to send back. our waiter raved over this dish, but it was SO horrendous that i couldn't bear to take a second bite. it straight up tasted like a wasabi bombed all over it. i LOVE rice cakes and after this abomination, my soul cried a little.
Stopped by here last week and it was very very good.

The pork belly buns were amazing, and so was the miso ramen.  My friend enjoyed the brisket ramen as well and I had a bite, but I think the miso was better.  The beers were cold & the frosted mugs are a nice touch.  

My only very minor issue was that if they are backed up and you have to wait that there is nowhere for you to be.  The bar is used to serve food and there is nowhere to stand and have a beer without being on top of someone eating.  You pretty much have to leave and wait for the hostess to call your phone.  

All in all though, it was amazing and I'll be back for sure.
One of our favorite spots in the city - not so much because anything is over the top, but because what they do (noodles) - they do REALLY WELL!

It's a funky spot for sure - you walk in and have this big billboard practically advertising their drink menu, and a red glow from the lights shine through to the front of the restaurant. Really interesting wall art, lights, and hanging fixtures throughout. 

To the comment above - if you are looking for this big extravagant menu with crazy asian-influenced cuisine, this is not the spot for you. Between their apps and main dishes, they have something around 12 plate offerings, but they don't need more than that. They have fantastic offers for both meat eaters and vegetarians. Our personal favs from the apps were the brussel sprouts and spicy chicken dumplings. 

The big thing to point out too is that their plates are very filling - so come on an empty stomach. 

Just an overall really chill place to grab a drink and eat some good comfort food.
came here on a Sunday afternoon for some ramen with friends and had a pleasant time. service was great. i got this mint coconut milk honey iced tea which was delicious. my friend ordered a bloody mary and didn't like it at all, kinda just tasted like ketchup and water.
the wings were OK.. .a little bit too salty and wish the wings were meatier and crispier.
my brisket matzo ball ramen was perfect as it always is. the mapo tofu ricecakes on the other hand... something is missing. i like my mapo tofu to have the traditional soft tofu, while this was more of a hard tofu which is okay cause i think it plays better with the consistency of the rice cakes but the flavor was just blah. it needs more spice and more flavor, it was kind of salty and acidic which i know Bing BIng loves playing around with but i'm not a big fan of that.

i have to say if you come here brisket ramen is probably the best dish on the menu
Cheu is extremely small, so make a reservation if you can. Their ramen is nothing fancy, and not too expensive either, which is good considering you can buy a brick of ramen at Giant for like a dollar. The pork in the ramen is seasoned impeccably and leaves you wanting more. Although the buns for their pork buns aren't homemade, they're still legit and include pickles as well as the pulled pork which gives you that sweet and tangy flavor.
Fantastic setup and is even better than the 10th/Locust location! My wife and I moved to Fishtown, so this is one of he best new additions to the best area of Philly! Cheu will always be one of our favorite spots, great work team!
Cheu is one of the more popular restaurants in Fishtown. Having seen pictures of their wall art and fusion food, I was very excited to experience Cheu for myself. We ordered a lot of food, to taste a little bit of everything. 
Green curry chicken wontons, although so exciting on paper, turned out to be a disappointment. I'd also put the pork and shrimp shumai in the same category. 
The brisket Ramen was strictly average too. 
The pastrami bing was a saving grace and is my pick of the bunch. They do have a few interesting cocktails. The PHUKET ON ICE, with clarified milk, rum, Thai tea was an interesting take on Thai tea. 

Although the food is not bad per se, it didn't quite live up to it's reputation. Maybe they had an off day or maybe I need to temper my expectations, but either way it didn't work for me.
Everything about this place was great. Food was great, staff were so nice and the atmosphere was great. I would definitely go back again. Highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time though!
Cheu is fusion, not traditional Asian, and I was excited to try some of the more interesting combos on the menu.

I thought the corn rangoon was delicious, crispy and creamy.

My vegetarian coconut curry was tasty and sloppy, though the server forgot to add my tofu, which would have made it much more filling.  Brisket ramen also had a favorable review.

Inside the restaurant is mostly cute, though I find the cartoony character illustrations scattered throughout the decor rather aggressive an unappetizing.

I was pleasantly surprised at the lack of crowd for lunch on Sunday at about 12:30, though there several groups on the sidewalk awaiting tables at dinner time.

I wouldn't wait for a table here, but I had a nice lunch.
It is cold outside. That bitter cold that makes people antisocial and short. And you walk from the train to a new venue based on recommendations and curiosity...and well hunger. 

You walk into Cheu. 
You are greeted by a warm dimly lit venue with an underground vibe and friendly staff. The kitchen is open hiding none of the secrets already hinted at by the smells in the air. 
At your table, you scan that menu and try to place all the ingredients into flavor profiles. You make your selection - pleased that you have multiple delicious sounding options even with dietary restrictions -  and the food comes --- and damn, it is tasty. 

That type of tasty where people at your table fight over the last bites, you push the limits of your tight jeans and makes you rave about it to your friends. 

Check it out - you won't be disappointed.
Come prepared with your best faux leather suspenders and 3 month beard groomed with organic beard wax. As soon as you walk in this place screams hipster in Fishtown. The building was once a firehouse and that structure is 100% in tact. The atmosphere is so funky (pictures) with murals all over the walls, a theater style display for their beer list, and a custom painted toilet and sink!! Doesn't get much cooler than that. Everything on the menu was fabulous. Highlights: green curry dumplings, sweet potatoe appetizer special, and any ramen or dish with their brisket. LOVED IT.
Stopped in for dinner as I was staying at an airbnb right around the corner.  When we got there, it happened to be Happy Hour!  This was actually a HUGE score since there were 5 food options off the regular menu for $5 each.  
We decided to go with one of each, and ended up with a reuben bao, garlic chicken wings, chicken wontons, a cold chopped salad and carrot rangoons.  We liked everything, but LOVED the wings and ordered another!
The atmosphere is funky, in an old fire dept, cool lighting and seating inside.  Our waitress was attentive.  Would definitely return in the future!
Just finished eating the brisket ramen and corn rangoon dumplings.  Delicious!  Both items are excellent and moderately spicy!  The setting is hip and pleasant with an open air front.  It is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  While waiting for my dinner, I had a lemon grass iced tea with vanilla!  It was very refreshing and not overly sweet.
Great hang out atmosphere. Food is cooked fresh and prepared in front of customers at the bar which is refreshing! The watermelon cucumber juice was so refreshing on a hot summer evening I drank two to stay hydrated!  I ordered the Brisket ramen with a matzah ball and it was plentiful. It was so delicious I wanted to order more but was too full. The brisket in the ramen was incredibly tender and full of flavor.  The black garlic wings were phenomenal. Such a unique flavor profile will come back just for those alone.  They were a perfect appetizer for three.  Happy hour prices are legit.  Great neighborhood spot!
As residents of Fishtown, we were stoked to hear that this Cheu outpost was being erected right down the street. Accordingly, you know we were darkening it's doors within a week of the grand opening. Overall, it was a fantastic experience, but it did seem like they were still working out a couple of the little kinks that come with opening a restaurant.

We visited at 6:30ish on a weeknight, and waited 15-20 mins for a table, but we were able to order drinks from the happy hour menu and enjoyed the time chatting in front of the beautifully restored building, which was originally a stable for police horses. Patrons of Bing Bing and the OG Cheu will recognize the group's eccentric interior design style. This location features grafitti-esque art and wallpaper that is actually a mosaic of ramen wrappers. Very cool space.

Once seated, we perused the characteristically offbeat, "fusiony" menu, and settled on the falafel steam buns, the green curry chicken wontons, the Chinese broccoli, and Bubbie Chow's Sliced Beef.

Everything was excellent (I highly recommend the brisket, which is served build-your-own-wrap, ssam style), but I did dock a star this visit, as it all seemed to fall just short of the perfection that we have come to expect as patrons of the group's other joints. No major issues at all, just a little under-seasoned here, a little overcooked there, not enough sauce or lettuce for our brisket wraps (though they did give us some more when we asked). As I said earlier, these super minor hiccups are probably just due to the place being brand new.

In closing, we're just excited to have this place in the neighborhood! We cant wait to go back, have another fantastic time, and bump it up to 5 stars. Welcome to Fishtown Cheu!
Had lunch here today and really, really enjoyed it.  The miso ramen was my fave dish.  Hearty flavorful broth,  plenty of noodles, pickled corn yum!!  I don't usually eat the marinated egg in ramen, but this one was so perfectly cooked and creamy I dove right in and was not disappointed.   The pork belly buns were good too, just wished they had the moist almost stickyness I've come to expect.  But certainly not a deal breaker.  Service was quick, friendly and efficient with a touch of thoughtfulness.   Bathroom is pretty cool too.  Lol. If you're looking for a non traditional take on Asian this is your place.
I'm happy to have an Asian fusion noodle shop so close to home. This restaurant is epitome of Fishtown 2017. An amalgam of flavor and culture. Two ends of a spectrum embracing in culinary delight. I look forward to enjoying every dish on the menu.
This morning, I received an email from Open Table with an article about restaurants that are dining out and staying warm; as soon as I seen Cheu on the list, I knew I had to make my reservation. I've been wanting to try this place for 2 years, but hadn't gotten round to it. 

Today, when I arrived the customer service was good and my heater was on.  I ordered chicken wings and brisket ramen, due to their high reviews. But when I received both, I was very underwhelmed. Although the wings were fried to perfection, they lacked salt &  flavor. The brisket was extremely tender (great job!), but both the brisket and broth lacked any taste. For some reason, every time I retried it the dish i was left unsatisfied. I even asked for chile oil to add heat and some flavor, that was also tasteless.

I never write low reviews, but After years of seeing great reviews given to this brand
I wonder if today was just an off day. I totally do not want to write this restaurant off, but I want to try great ramen like the reviews and others have cheered about.  This is just a note for the curators of the dishes to take heed. 

It was a great experience and I look forward to coming back for a second time for a flavor-filled experience.
Really solid ramen and I love the new space! We dropped in here for happy hour on Saturday which was 3 to 5 and included food like dumplings and wings for $5 and a pitcher of sopporo for $12. We sat at the bar which was more like a chef's table and we could watch them assemble the ramen bowls and dumplings.

We got the Sapporo pitcher and a double order of the beef and kimchi dumplings which were filling and had a great crunchy topping to it. We also had the beet and goat cheese ragoons and they were great and tasted like a savory dessert. 

We will be back again!
Ok so I had a friend tell me they had a bad experience overall with food and service here. Covid in mind, I kept an open mind about coming here.

To give you some preface, I have lived in LA and been to Japan, so I like to think I know pretty good ramen haha. This place just kind of missed the mark. ***this review is based solely off the ramen***

The ramen was ok. Nothing to write home about. I got the miso ramen. The pork shoulder was like bbq pulled pork which just didn't mix well with the miso broth...it came with arugula which is just odd (I understand tryna make a new twist on something but there are things that simply don't belong in ramen) and for the price ($18.87 after tax, $23.87 after tip) it definitely was not worth it size and taste wise.

It wasn't bad per say, I just think my money can be better spent elsewhere!
This cozy restaurant has left the best impressions! Hospitable hosts, delicious dishes, and beautiful presentation! Beet Rangoons were incredible as well as Coconut Curry Noodle! Definitely recommend this place if you love high end Japanese food.
Totally worth the awful parking.  I don't know if I'm more impressed with the food or the service - it's a close call.  Came in with my 4 year old totally expecting trendy dining to be a nightmare with a toddler, but they were totally prepared.  Children's chopstick helper grips and a kids cup with a curly straw were on the table just as quickly as my drink and without being requested.  

We shared the fried chicken buns, the corn Rangoon, the watermelon salad, and the shumai.  All the dishes were creative and flavorful.  If my son wasn't so fickle I certainly would have tried more.  Comfortably spaced seating despite the high demand.
Oh man does this place know how to do ramen! I'm personally a big fan of ramen and an even bigger fan of brisket so when I found out that Cheu had a dish that combined the two, I was sold. The brisket was tender and the chili broth combined with the kimchi gave the dish the perfect amount of spice. Only thing I wasn't sold on was the matzo ball which was a bit overcooked. 

On top of the food being delicious, the restaurant itself is very cool. Set in an old firehouse, Cheu made sure to add plenty of its own style. 

Overall a fantastic experience and would highly recommend for a modern twist on a classic ramen shop.
Cheu Fishtown has made quite a name for itself in what feels like a very short period of time. I visited on a Saturday afternoon with a friend for a late lunch, and we were able to be seated immediately. The space itself is awesome, inside a refurbished firehouse with a cool vintage feel. I ordered the miso ramen, and my friend the impossible grain bowl. I was pleasantly surprised. I have a complicated relationship with ramen, as it's generally my least favorite noodle soup, but I have to admit, Cheu Fishtown does a great job with theirs! The pork belly was soft and tender, and the broth was a little sweet. My one complaint is that I felt like my soup was too salty. My friend very much enjoyed her meal as well. I would definitely recommend a visit! Between the food and the ambiance, it's a unique experience for sure!
Very disappointed. We tried 5 dishes only 1 was ok. 
Cold Peanut Noodle terrible idea and a terrible option for a vegetarian
Brisket Ramen such and awful smell and flavor ....just NO
Soy Bean Falafel Bun was ok
Watermelon salad- strange combination, as if it was just thrown on the plate.
Rangoon- not bad 

We asked the waiter about vegetarian options because there are items on the menu at Whole Foods that were not available there, he didn't know much about it because they " just opened". When we asked him about a vegetarian dish his response was I like pork belly buns. We should have walked out then. 

For a local restaurant we have been waiting over a year for Cheu to open and we're thoroughly disappointed  

This is a Pre-update... I'm going back to try the food again the added coconut curry ramen vegetarian/vegan.. #Thankful

Also I just have to say... after my negative post the owners reached out to me to inquire about the things I wasn't happy about.. They were very professional and nice... by far the best customer service I have received in a long time...I will definitely go back just because of that and give them another try!! Thank you
Came to Cheu Fishtown on Sunday to enjoy their happy hour 3-5, was surprised at how busy the place was at 3. They had 5 different apps at $5, we ordered 4 of them. While the portions were not huge, I left mighty full and everything was very good. Was a little disappointed by their drink specials, $7 house wines, $7 specialty cocktail (which was a Cuba Libre... and  I couldn't see pairing with the food style) was going to go with a $12  pitcher of Sapporo but the keg kicked.

The service was friendly and quick, seating is limited, so you might want to make reservation. As this is Fishtown, parking is hard to find.
Wow! This place is incredible. I cannot recommend it enough. Our server, Asia I believe, was extraordinary herself. Service alone made the restaurant worth it. Attentive, interested, and not intrusive. She was awesome.

The food was dynamite too. My only complaint? The fried chicken steamed bun was a little salty. But the miso ramen I enjoyed was decadent! The broth is why you come; it is elegant and comforting at the same time. Noodles and the stewed pork are a perfect match. Filling, but not heavy even on a humid day.

And the spring salad, the carrot rangoons, and the pork and shrimp shumai were also really wonderful as well. Cannot say enough good things about the salad, but the other small bites were dynamite, too. I'm thrilled about this place. And will bump it, likely, to five stars when I come from dinners and some cocktails. 

Oh yeah, we were stuffed by the end. But the quality of food is such that I didn't feel like napping. Nice.
Hell No. Bad kitchen staff making terrible takes on asian inspired food. I ordered a watery beer and chicken wings that were half cooked. Replete of flavor, the food and this eatery. Once and never again.
This is, hands-down, the best Ramen I've ever had! I am still thinking about it a week later! The one I got had this coconut peanut spicy broth that was so delicious. Seriously, I could take a bath in it. That broth... 

The place is small and you have to wait, but you can go next-door and get drinks while you wait. It's a cozy spot for a date and even though it's a little loud, it's more like ambient noise.

Go for the ramen.
ehh...more style than substance. 
If you value the "vibe" of being in a "hip" space more than the actual food, you'll like this place.  I took my family there for lunch. They felt the food was mediocre and overpriced for what they received. I had the brisket ramen which was unique because of the piece of kimchi and a motza ball, but only adequate in flavor.  Full disclosure : my family is very accustomed to variety of Asian food and styles. Good fusion cuisine should be more than placing  different iconic ethnic food into a bowl or adding curry sauce over dumplings or noodles. Wait staff was friendly and professionally attentive. I didnt sample the de nk menu but the prices seemed fair. Felt my money could have been better spent elsewhere. If I go back, it'll be for drinks and to soak in the "vibe" but not the food.
During my recent visit in Philly, my friend and I stopped in for brunch to get our Cheu on.  When I was in grad school, Cheu in the Center City location was my go to place for my ramen or a pork bun fix.  I was excited to try this location in Fishtown.  The weather didn't call for ramen, but it did call for some dim sum and yes, it was as ever tasty as the ladder.  I would describe Fishtown Cheu as a hybrid of Center City Cheu and Bing Bing Dim Sum in South Philly.  You can find their signature ramen and dumplings in Fishtown that are staples from Center City Cheu and Bing Bing Dim Sum.  There were also new dishes we tried, such as the Miso Truffle Corn, which is an asian version of an elotes (spot on yummy).  A stand out in the dumpling category is the Green Curry Chicken Wontons, a unique take of a dumpling and green curry sauce, a must try if you are in the area.  Another favorite is the pastrami pork, gah, delicious!  We also had their signature dishes such as the pork belly bun and the wings. 
The restaurant is the largest out of the 3 establishments, which has an expansive bar and ample seating.  It has their signature decor, street art with an Asian vibe aesthetic. I must say, the bathroom is as clever as the one in Bing Bing Dim Sum.  I happen to love the whimsical sink and toilet. If you are visiting Philly for the weekend and you are in the Fishtown neighborhood, I would definitely recommend this place because it has both the ramen and dumplings you get to enjoy from Center City Cheu and Bing Bing Dim Sum.
Went for lunch on opening day and sat at the bar. Split the pork belly buns and then had the pork miso ramen. Everything was delicious! Loved that tired hands was on draft, especially loved the beachin' cocktail. Can't wait to go back. Great addition to the neighborhood.
We definitely hit a home run Cheu Fishtown this afternoon.

Everything was just awesome from decor to food choices to working with the server tunes that were playing and refreshing beverage that we laid-back and relaxed with.

To start off we placed an order for afternoon drinks we were on the happy hour my wife I got in the house wine and I got the lemon grass and you're both nice and cold refreshing and flavorful. 

We started off our afternoon with an order of the chicken Momo dumplings and the beef and avocado salad both tasted incredible both were so fresh and vibrant with color and the presentation coming out of the kitchen on the plate just a work of art.

For our second course my wife ordered it miso Ramen and this is no regular Ramen it's pulled pork and very well thought out and it's preparation is probably some of the best Ramen that we have had and we certainly have hit our fair share of Ramen houses in New York, Philly and in Princeton.

And I had the new style snapper roll and it was just mouthwatering so flavorful so fresh and again a beautiful presentation.

What can I say, I get excited when we have really good food that's memorable and that is the reason we go out and spend Hard earned dollars. 

Chez Fishtown definitely delivers on a great experience.

 we will certainly be back see my photos.
This place is over priced. Ramen should not be $14 for a normal sized bowl. I like fishtown and all but some of these joints need to get over themselves. $8 for pork buns seriously? Tarakawa in center city is available if you're looking for reasonably priced ramen.
Currently one of my favorite restaurants in the city, much like its sister Bing Bing, it serves great food along with great service with a self-deprecating whimsy, a flair for the dramatic, from someone who knows they are dead on in delivering amazing flavors.  They don't need to overhype the experience, it's really good and they revel in sharing that experience with you.  Great prices considering the quality, and the cocktail program is very solid (omg Beachin).  Wish it was bigger and next to my house!
The pastrami dumplings are life changing. I will literally dream about them. The brisket ramen was also to die for, but very rich. Every food item was spot on.

I ordered the whiskey sour because the description sounded great, but was disappointed. It tasted like watered down whiskey. They have Hophands on tap, and that delicious beer was a great compliment to the meal. 

The food was so good that the sub-par cocktail doesn't change my opinion of the place.

Also the happy hour is a great deal, I will be going back to order pastrami dumplings OFTEN.
This restaurant has such an awesome ambiance with cool decor, small intimate tables, and an authentic neighborhood feel. Coming here on a cold Saturday afternoon in Winter was perfect. The brisket ramen couldn't have hit the spot better: mix typical Jewish Foods with another cuisine and how can I resist? The ramen was hearty, the brisket super tender, and the matzo ball somehow didn't feel out of place. Wasn't hard to finish the whole dish yet still felt plenty full afterwards. 

Luckily we also happened to catch the beginning of weekend happy hour. The dumplings and especially the wings were solid additions given it was happy hour. Not sure if I would travel across town to eat here but it's an awesome spot to stop by when in the neighborhood for sure.
So excited to have Cheu in the neighborhood. We won't have to spend an extra $20 to get delivery now that we can walk to here. The food was outstanding. And the service amazing. Hopefully the stellar service will inspire some other nearby restaurants :) We tried half the menu and didn't have any duds. Went with our toddler and newborn, they had special training chopsticks for our daughter! We will be back...often!
I've been here twice. Today we sat outside!

I really like it but it is not where I'd go to quench a ramen craving. 

The salads are awesome and filling.
I keep wanting to like this place because the ambiance is cool and it's so close to me but after visiting twice I just can't. Maybe it's a way too modernized take on asian fusion but the flavors are always underwhelming and I always think about how I could better spend my money elsewhere. I definitely wouldn't recommend any of the ramen, you don't get much for the price and they're salty. If you do come, I'd probably recommend HH.
I used to go to the location off of12th street and was sad to learn that that location had closed. I was very surprised at the consistent taste at the Fishtown location. They did stop selling their amazing ginger drink but I will always be a fan of their ramen. I get miso ramen and swap the pork for chicken. The curry ramen is also amazing. And don't forget the black garlic wings.
Really cool little shop. Definitely worth going out of your way to try. The black garlic wings are probably the most delicious wings I've ever had. They're made with top quality chicken, lightly breaded, and the most amazing balanced flavor. Make sure to add the little bit of lime that they give you, the citrus pairs perfectly with the light spice.
Been hearing all these good things about Cheu Noodle and the line is always out the door! That has to mean it must be amazing right? Other than the wings we ordered, the bibimbap and the ramen were mediocre at best... prices were fair... but don't see why I would be returning for anything but the wings and trying out their other appetizers.
Yesterday devours took me to @cheufishtown ; where it is very cool/hipster like yet with a touch of Asian New York styles. I first had delicious garlic green beans and cabbage ; by which were very mouthwatering only leaving you to want more . I then had the black garlic wings That were very big and meaty. The black garlic sauce was simply amazing touching every one of my taste buds tasting like a delicate version of garlic hoisin sauce. Our bartender and server were very cool and patient. They explained each dish to us in full detail so that our decision to order was confident and concrete. If you ever find yourself on Frankford Avenue stop by @cheufishtown and try some great eats!  #bar #cabbage #beans #garlic #chicken #chickenwings #beer #chopsticks #fishtown #philadelphia #philly #beer #food #foodporn #foodie #foodphotography
I LOVE CHEU! I could scream it from the rooftops - come to think of it, maybe I will do just that. Two friends and I stopped in for dinner on a Thursday night around 7pm and were seated at the bar right away. I love the decor here and the service is impeccable. We luckily got there just in the nick of time to order a few things from the happy hour menu and did a ton of sharing. I wasn't feeling boozy so I tried their special Thai iced tea with cardamom and vanilla. HOLY MOLY. Who knew you could make a plain old iced tea so delicious? Ok, so, we had: Butternut Squash Rangoon, Dan Dan Brussel Sprouts, Izakaya Salad, Black Garlic and Sesame Wings, Coconut Curry Ramen, and Miso Ramen. Everything was delicious. The flavors were amazing and even the salad was top notch - who knew a salad could taste so damn good? Overall, love Cheu. Have been to both locations many times and I'm never disappointed.
I've had a lot of ramen throughout my life and this definitely is on the higher quality side but also a little more pricier.
We started off with the crispy beef and kimchi dumplings as an app. The flavors reminded me of a meatball fried in a wonton wrapper. It isn't something I would get again because the flavors and texture didn't work together. 

I ordered the miso ramen which was pretty good. My favorite part was the soy egg which was perfectly cooked. The noodles were cooked well too. It did need a little bit of salt to bring out the flavors of the broth.

It's definitely better than your average ramen place but was missing the wow factor.

Service is attentive. There's plenty of space inside and outside for seating. Drinks were great as well.
Such yummy noodles!  This place has really delicious food- at the end of the day if I'm going to eat this will always be the most important thing about a restaurant.  The decor here gives it almost an nyc feel, right down to it being a bit snug.  Reservations tend to fill up fast or you may have a bit of a wait.  Service has always been good, pretty chill, almost on the yuppy philly millennial feel, but not in a bad way.  One gripe I have is due to the size and location of the doors in the restaurant it gets very drafty towards the front.  I noticed this recently in early fall when it's not even that cold, but the constant breeze due to lack of a second set of doors, would no doubt be much worse come the winter.  I will no doubt return- the best ramen I've ever had, just hope to see them expand into a larger space in the future.
Ordered from this spot several times on DoorDash and I have to say consistently tasty every time!

During the pandemic, I have not had the pleasure of actually dining at Cheu Fishtown but I hope to once normalcy returns.

I ordered the flavorful sweet potato Rangoons and coconut curry ramen w/ rice noodles and fried chicken. These two delights are full of pleasurable spices and overall yummy! Mmm mmm mmm!
Cheu is a funky Asian fusion restaurant situated right in the heart of Fishtown in a renovated firehouse. They had excellent service and extremely friendly staff at the peak of happy hour. The ragoons and wings were delicious but the dumplings were just okay. The food came out SO fast, like not even 10 minutes. I tried the specialty cocktail, it had cranberries in it and it was yummy. We also got 2 Sapporo pitchers which was a fabulous move. 

The vibe in here is super funky and fun. They have their own cartoon theme throughout the restaurant. Their bathroom is a piece of art. Keep in mind that that the only seats available while you wait for a table are outside. Also keep in mind that they normally don't like to seat you unless your full party is present, although they were kind enough to make an exception for us. Cheu is pretty intimate, with not a ton of tables but the high ceilings make it feel a lot bigger and not so claustrophobic. This place is so hip,delicious, inviting and cheap that I'm sure I'll be back. 

Happy Hour 
Monday-Friday: 5-7pm
Saturday & Sunday: 3-5pm

$5 Food: 
pork dumplings
ragoons
wings (4)
beet salad
beef & kimchi

Drink:
$1 off draft beer 
$2 Coors Banquet
$5 house red/white wine
$6 cocktail of the day
$12 Sapporo pitchers
Went opening night and service and food was on point! Everything on the expanded menu was amazing - and Tired Hands on draft! Excellent design as well; this will be our new Cheu spot.
Very creative interior design . Perfect for a first date or business lunch . Not kids or big groups friendly . 
But the food was amazing . I ordered shrimp& pork dumplings and miso ramen soup . It was amazing !!!! They have good size bar as well ! 
Strongly recommend it !

P.S. the broth was saw flavorful and rich I couldn't stop eating it !
Everything was delicious. ESP the fried chicken buns, corn rangoons, and fried green tomatoes with crab! If you live in Fishtown get there!
really excited that cheu fishtown just opened! we had to wait about 30 minutes for 2 people which wasn't too bad. the ambiance and decor is hip and trendy. the food was good and came out quickly (i think the ramen was better than cheu noodle bar on 10th... although it's been some time since i've been). we ordered the miso and the brisket ramen - YUM. staff was really friendly and attentive. great addition to fishtown... will definitely be back.
AMAZING. 

There's typically always a wait but it's 100% worth it! They just opened a new noodle place next door and I cannot wait to try it. Cheu is small and can only seat a few people but they have a bar for seating, tables and then some outdoor tables. 

Wonderful Asian fusion restaurant right in the heart of fishtown in an old firehouse. The service is great and so are the drinks and food! The only downfall was the lock to the bathroom was broken and it's so loud in there from the music thats it's hard to talk. 

Always good to try during happy hour! 
M-F 5-7 pm
Saturday and Sunday 3-5 pm

There's are a $5 food options are: 
Pork dumplings, Rangoon's, wings, beet salad, beef & kimchi. 

Drink specials are below: $1 off draft beers, $2 coors banquet, $5 house red/wine wine, $6 pitcher of the day, $12 Sapporo pitchers.
Stopped by here for a quick lunch the other day. I thoroughly love the atmosphere here for starters. I ordered the brisket ramen with the matzo ball. I have actually had it before via delivery. It was great! I love everything about it. I also had the duck rolls which were yummy as well. The prices for ramen are a bit high, I think ended up having a $30 LUNCH that day (sans alcohol) ...LOL!!! It's great food though and I'll definitely be back!
Decent Ramen in hip setting. Good noodles. The toppings were lackluster.

I ordered the Brisket Ramen. The dish overall seemed like a heavyhanded attempt to combine two perfectly legitimate styles of cooking into something that is less than the sum of its parts.

It's a bowl of ramen with pastrami-style brisket, a matzo ball thing, and kimchi.

The noodles were nice. The were springy and just chewy enough. I'd prefer them a bit more cooked through, but that's my preference.

The broth was very light and watery with salty notes. But it definitely wasn't spicy at all as the menu indicates. The broth lacked the unctuous viscosity provided by slowly broken down bone collagen. 

The toppings didnt really come together into a cohesive flavor profile. The brisket was well executed: flaky and tender. But it lacked flavor due to its dearth of fat. 

The matzo ball was just an odd thing to serve with noodle due to its floury origins. 

The kimchi was pretty good: earthy and funky as it should be. I just dont think kimchi should be mixed in with Ramen. The kimchi is too stringy and soft and gets confused on the palate and in the bowl with the noodles. 

I left thinking is was an OK bowl of ramen. The composition was odd and a couple elements, including the broth (so important) were lackluster in execution.
I was in Fishtown on business, hungry and parked in the first space that I found. Turned out to be across the street from Cheu.  The building caught my eye first, old fire house that's well done. Interior is fantastic. 
So here's the tricky part. I'm an old guy in a suit in a very, very hip place. They were absolutely fantastic. Treated me like I was there a hundred times. Ah the food. Had and IPA draught which was the absolute perfect temperature. Sounds easy. Usually not. I was going to get ramen, the bowls around me looked wonderful. Instead got  distracted by the pastrami bing. It was perfect. I'll definitely be back for the ramen and....
Yep, we had to wait a while for a table, but the crowd outside was fun, lively, good-natured, and the staff kept us posted.  Food - outstanding!   Have to wrap your head around brisket and matzo ball ramen, but, hey, adventures in dining are good -- and it tasted great.  The buns, the noodles, the poke - all fab.  Black garlic wings -- yummy.   The beer list has some familiar faces and some great new finds.  Wait staff are attentive, cheerful, know the menu inside-out.  The decor - totally cool.  Colorful, different styles, fun to look at.  Best bathroom in Fishtown, hands down.  Just wish it was closer to home but we'll get there again soon.  Loved loved loved it!
Still my fave place outside my own neighborhood.   Have gone back often since our first visit and never disappointed.  Menu changes enough to stay lively and fun, while they keep doing best what they do best.   Good sign that our fave servers are still there after many months; obviously a good place to work with good management.
Best opening weekend service I've ever seen. Food was phenomenal. So happy to have this addition to the neighborhood and will definitely be coming back!
Great atmosphere. Cute outdoor seating. Innovative dishes. I ordered chicken ho fun. I didn't expect it to be a salad but it was delicious. The tahini dressing didn't overpower the Asian fusion cuisine. I would definitely recommend.
So many drink options! 

I got the soybean falafel buns (SO GOOD)
and the brisket Ramen. 
Ramen wasn't for me, though i ate most of it.. haha so hungry!
I thought the broth was too sweet. The matzo ball was good! The brisket a little tough and chewy.

I'd go back for the buns! so good...
and their great choices of japanese whiskey
also, there's a sake bar right next door! pretty cool.

Nice atmosphere, fun.
Relatively expensive, but really, really good.

I got the miso ramen with pork belly.

Someone had put a lot of thought into this dish. The broth was perfectly balanced (I often find ramen broth is too salty and lacks acid). The addition of pickled mustard green was genius, and the soft boiled egg was cooked to perfection. The noodles themselves had this chewy, silky, texture that is as good as any ramen I've had. The pork belly was fine, but it was ultimately just a really well-balanced dish that I recommend if you like slurping savory noodles.

The ambience was fine, and the service was great.
Everything was great.  But what really put me over the top was the following; weekend happy hour, never heard of that!  Also the staff, I mean come on, the nice staff is from chik-fila and Nordstrom but clearly cheunoodlefishtown has them beat.  Lastly, the dessert, I mean come on!  It was sweet, tart, sour, creamy, fruity, crunchy.   
Get the chai tea cheesecake, you will not regret it!
Everything about this place is fantastic. The food, service, and atmosphere. Happy hour specials were great too. Will be back
I had high hopes for this place, unfortunately it was a disappointment. The miso ramen was salty, every bite became more salty than the next. I also had the black garlic wings, it was nothing to write home about.
Vibes: casual hipster bar, reminiscent of Bing Bing Dim Sum in decor but with very dim, red lighting 

Tasting notes:
Mapo tofu rice cakes: lots of thick, salty, vinegar-y, chili-oil heavy brown sauce (hard to tell the color tbh because of the lighting), a lot more chewy rice cakes than firm cubes of tofu; scallions were refreshing; the sliced mushrooms hidden in the sauce picked up way more flavor than the rice cakes or tofu
Coconut curry ramen: wavy egg noodles that were soft with just a touch of chewiness; curry broth was light with a surprisingly creamy nuttiness from the peanut sambal, which wasn't really spicy; generous topping of basil made the broth fragrant
First time to the actual Cheu location! I've only ate at the one in whole foods. The total experience was great - food, atmosphere and service!! 

When you first walk up the doors you're greeted by a dim red light. Very moody! I could tell I was in for a real treat. The hostess asked if we wanted to sit at the bar or table, we didn't have a preference and so we sat at the bar. 

Our server was very nice and talked us through the menu since were both slightly picky eaters and had a few questions. All of our questions and concerns were addressed. 

I started with the salad, it was fresh and flavorful. My date got the wings, I could not partake because they're not GF but they looked good and he reported back positively! For my meal I went with the coconut curry ramen. It was a very good portion for its price and I had leftovers. 

Once we were finished our bartender packed up our leftovers and sent us on our way! It was a nice quick stop before we went back out to shop for the holidays and a delicious meal in a sweet environment made the rest of the night super enjoyable!
Fan--f**king--tastic!!! The brisket ramen totally RULES. Delicious cocktails; wonderful service. Be there!
Having grown up with arguably the best concentration of ramen restaurants in Southern cali and eating it often since being a kid, I always like trying new ramen joints across the US. This one seemed promising. Good decor, friendly staff (minus the hostesses who were pretty robotic and unfriendly), the cauliflower appetizer was freakin' amazing and they were kind enough to give a beets salad free to try. The ramen though. I know their whole concept is non traditional ramen but it tasted pretty bad. The soup flavors didn't mix well at all, the ramen was overcooked and tasted more like spaghetti than ramen. I'm all for being experimental with ramen but they could really benefit from getting some actual trained Japanese ramen chefs to give some mentoring with ingredients and process. The restaurant has some great staff, feels great in regard to ambience and surely makes a lot of money. But sadly it can be so much more than its current appropriation of Japanese delicacy.
This is my all time fav go to place for Happy hour snacking. I love the rangoons, beet avocado salad and chicken wantons. It is very filling and love to enjoy snacking with their outdoor seating. On a cold day, I love to have their coconut ramen with veggies in it and chicken fried rice. That is my other fav meal here. Even since Nunu and Cheu share place , it is even got better so I could get the Fries , Sushi at the same time. I think I have pretty much tried all the small plates on both the menus and I love everything about it.  Great place in the neighborhood.
Was visiting from NYC and came across this asian fusion food. I'm spoiled with the diverse food scenes in my city but this was a pleasant surprise! Since it was fusion and I have treenut allergies, I did ask some questions regarding interested dishes. Every single staffs was kind and patient to answer all questions and even shared some history of the restaurant which is always fascinating to learn about how a food brand grew. 
Food was as expectedly great but nothing that I would travel all the way back to philly for. But would recommend all philly residents to go. 

I want to reiterate how amazing all staffs were in case the management is reading
Cheu is one of the most hyped restaurants in Philly and I was super excited to try it, especially the brisket matzo ramen soup. I went for happy hour and stayed for dinner. The happy hour deals are pretty decent, my friend and I tried the beef and kimchi bing buns off of the happy hour menu which were pretty good and, honestly, might have been the best part of the meal. For entrees, we got the famous brisket ramen and the loco moco. The ramen was okay, but not as mind blowing as all the reviews of cheu make it out to be. The loco moco was extremely disappointing and lacked flavor and was generally unsatisfying. For the price, all these dishes could be found better made elsewhere in philly. Also, the red light lit back section of the restaurant was low key headache inducing and made it harder to see and enjoy the food.
Great experience last night...bartender was extremely helpful with my vegan ordering, and knew the menu inside and out. Very impressive.  Also, the Beet Mochi special was one of the best dishes I've had in recent memory.. Vedge quality good. PLEASE add this to the regular menu asap!  Great night all around, thanks for all your help!
Food is so effing tasty. Highly highly recommend if you want your stomach to be full and your tastebuds be so satisfied they go into a food coma. Cocktails are eh so I would stick to sake or Sapporo.
I got the bao buns and coconut curry ramen bowl. Make sure you go hungry because the ramen bowl is very filling and you definitely get your moneys worth. Both plates we got were a 10/10.
Love this place! I live a few blocks away and frequently there for happy hour. Happy hour is 7 days a week! Black garlic wings, pastrami bing and Rangoon's are some of my favorite items to name.
So excited that this place is finally open!! Huge fan of Bing Bing Dim Sum (the owners' other venture in Passyunk Square). Husband and I had been stalking its construction progress for months.

We were lucky enough to eat there on opening night. We got the falafel buns, corn Rangoon, cold peanut noodles with shrimp, and wasabi rice cakes. Similar to Bing Bing, the owners did an amazing job playing with the Asian themed food and brining in influences from other cultures. Food and service quality were excellent. 

We also tried some of their interesting drinks: a not-too-sweet coconut rum concoction and an herby gin cocktail. Both were delicious and complemented the Asian-inspired dishes wonderfully. 

Finally, the decor - not to sound weird, but I really loved the bathroom! The wallpaper (and ceiling...paper?) were made out of Asian food wrappers. Every surface was covered in a design - even the toilet!

Can't wait to come back and try more of the menu once the opening rush dies down a bit.
Slid into Cheu on a Saturday night for an early dinner and got bar seats. Confession: I'm not a ramen fan. I don't like mushrooms and the two previous times I tried ramen I didn't care for the broth. I choose a chicken ramen bowl and honestly wasn't expecting much but I was so impressed. SO IMPRESSED. The broth was not mushroom based and it was light and refreshing. The pickled veggies along with the fresh arugula added even more freshness and pops of flavor. It was so so good. I cannot wait to go back!
My  Sister and I decided to dine here due to a notification I received from open table about Philadelphia restaurants offering outdoor seating during the City's mandatory closure. 

Parking: residential street and horrible! I would arrive at least 30 minutes prior  to your reservation so you can find parking. I also suggest rideshare or catching public transportation. 

Atmosphere: cozy. We were a little skeptical about dining outside in 40 degrees however, the heat lamps did a great job keeping us warm!! At one point we took our coats off. 

Staff wore mask and gloves. The  tables were spaced appropriately. 

Service: Our servers were Charlie (Manager) and Angie and they were very pleasant and accommodating. Food came out fast. 

 We dined during happy hour so some of our dishes were at a  lower price,  this allowed us to try various dishes. 

Food & Cocktail:

1) Cocktail- apple sake smash. Delicious! We had 3 each. As Angie said it's "sweet & boozie! Lol!
2) Brisket Ramen. Good. The brisket was nice, flavorful and tender. I would have preferred more broth and some spicy sauce. Note for next time.  
3)Sichuan spicy chow fun with tofu & fried chicken. It was ok. Not our favorite; it was the rice noodle used. It had a kick to it and flavor however this isn't ramen. If you are looking for a broth, this dish isn't it. 
4)Black Garlic wings. They were ok. In didn't taste much garlic.
5) Brussel sprouts. Delicious! They had chick peas and onions, oh my!  We ordered 2!
6)Furikake  cheese fries. Good. 

This restaurant is also a part of NuNu which is right next door. You can order off NuNu's menu, how great is that?  
If you order from both Cheu Fishtown & NuNu, you will get two seperate bills however you can pay with one card. From NuNu's menu we ordered the following: 

7)Crunchy spicy tuna maki. It was ok. Rice was a little hard. 
8)Crispy Beef & Kimchi dumplings. Our fav and they were delicious!!! I didn't taste kimchi though.  I may have to order a side of kimchi. 
I ordered the Red Dragon specialty roll to go. When I got home I was  surprised to see how small the pieces were  for the price. 

Overall,  the food was very flavorful and left us wanting more!   We are looking forward to going back. 

Enjoy!
We've always wanted to try this place but it's always been packed! We were finally able to find a good off time to go (Sat ~3pm). Happy hour was (3-5) so we were thrilled to make it in time. Happy Hour appetizers were only $5 and the house cocktail was $7. We got the black garlic wings, shumai, pastrami bing, and wontons. The appetizers were all delicious. I especially liked the wings and pastrami bing. For entres,​ I got the coconut curry ramen with pork instead of tofu and egg. My sister got the miso ramen. I personally didn't like either of the ramens​​, they were both a little too sweet for me and the broth for the curry ramen was very thick. The curry ramen had more of a consistency​ of a watery sauce and it was too much for my taste. My favorite part of the ramen was the shrimp chips they added on top. Service was very good and the food came out quick but I would probably just order appetizers to go next time.
So. Effing. Good. 

My second time at Cheu and I wish I wasn't moving so far away bc it would become part of my regular rotation of places to go. 

Enter into what looks like a street vendor meets casual meets chic and interesting subway station. Bar seating and tables, limited seating for the size but accommodates a small-sized group to single seating. 

Twice now I've had the coconut curry ramen with fried chicken. It's a multicultural bowl of comfort food filled with noodles, crispy fried chicken strips, mint, pickled red onion, peanut sambal (they accommodate food allergies), and this to die for broth.  Both times I've tried to pace myself through eating this and it never fails I can't. Good news- you can take it home with you. 

I have to mention these perfectly pinched pockets of shumai. This isn't half assed shumai. These are legit and each must weigh a solid ounce. I take them to go because I can't walk away from the menu knowing I didn't have them. 

Other things we tried /tasted included the pastrami bing. Weird yeah, so what?  It's a good decision. 

Good beer menu, hip hop soundtrack, absolutely legit food & the people are great too.
