We came here last night, Valentine's Day, because we figured it wouldn't be as busy as a "romantic" restaurant.
Four of us were seated right away, good start.
Cocktails and big beer selection, nice.
Food, not your typical sports bar food, big plus!
One of my friends is vegan and there were a number of interesting options for her.
We started with Deschutes Black Butt Porter, an Ah Scarlett cocktail, and the special Valentine's champagne and chocolate covered strawberry. All were well received.

F had the double cheeseburger with fries, which were quickly devoured. I had the Korean short rib tacos and eggplant parmesan "fries" (which were really more like meatballs). Both hit the spot.
Our friends really liked their choices of clam chowder and pizza.
More beer, more wine... Olympics on the telly...

A really good night!
What a fantastic time at the Grand Opening of Chick's, the newest addition to this side of Broad Street which has been kicking tush and making itself known lately! Kind of in Grad Hospital, kind of Point Breeze, absolutely no denying, it's definitely South Philly. Whatever you want to call it, it was so much fun and this new hot spot was welcomed warmly by all surrounding neighborhoods. It was a perfect blend of so many types of people....'Soprano' cast look alikes, those of Asian descent, African Americans, "hipsters", young professionals, families, even the cops, all having an amazing time. It was really a thing of beauty! 

Chick's is a minimally, but beautifully converted garage on Washington Ave just opened by the sweetest and most gracious hard core Italian husband/wife duo Phil & Gina Narducci. Chick's is named in memory of the owner's father who was gunned down in the 80's. Phil, 53 is the former owner of Phillip's Steaks on 23rd and Passyunk for those familiar with the area. 

We're not sure exactly what category Chick's falls under, but it's a very chill, welcoming, relaxed atmosphere on the right hand side with flat screens built into what look like reclaimed wood walls, high ceilings with exposed beams, a bar the width of the space, all with an industrial chic look. The left hand side is more of a casual, family-friendly pizza joint and there's a large window to peek into the kitchen in the middle. Not being able to label it specifically may just work in their favor. I would personally come for a game, bites with friends, pizza night with the kiddos, and definitely for live music on Fridays which in my opinion is what will mainly set Chick's apart. The extensive beer options and great menu helps too..

They offer over a dozen creative Italian pizza pies which is the main focus. Like the owner says "who doesn't love pizza and beer?"  Their pizza chef briefly worked at Brigantessa and South Bowl. Everyone who I was with said were they pretty tasty when they sampled them at the opening! They will be offering a vegan pie called the "Lauren" which is topped with white bean spread, spinach, lemon, tomatoes, olive oil and smoked paprika. 
Yum! 

Their head chef is formerly of Devils Den, Moshulu and Silk City. 

The apps alone were worth mentioning with highlights such as eggplant parm bites, buffalo falafel, duck wontons and tandoori spiced wings. 

A couple of salads, even a kale! A plethora of sammies including a salmon blt, lamb gyro and avocado bahn mi which I personally can't wait to try! 

Larger dinner options like shrimp scampi, rigatoni and meatloaf also available. 

24 brews on tap! Hello! A lot of local and PA options from Victory, Troegs, Dock Street, Yards, 2SP, Lancaster, even "Stacy's Mom" from Evil Genius which is what I mainly sipped on. Leinenkugal, Allagash, Brooklyn, Two Roads, Goose Island, Devil's Backbone and Ithaca were some I noticed on tap also. Usually suspects can be found in cans and bottles. A nice collection of bourbon and scotch too. Wine and cocktails as well. 

Our large group was filled with all locals who had an awesome time and can't wait to return for more food. We met the owners and were blown away by their hospitality. They had such an amazing group of family and friends there and we join them in wishing Chick's much long lasting success. See you guys soon! 

*Bike Parking and free street parking on Washington.
Welcome to the neighborhood! Excited to see another fun place to hang out near Point Breeze. Friday night happy hour was our first visit and we were pleasantly surprised to see a nice crowd already in place at 5:30. I love the open garage door vibe and the simple but cozy decor. Staff was extremely friendly and seemed to work well together. (Side note-The bathroom situation was very cool and well done. Love the concept there. )

Let me start by saying I LOVED the tap offerings. SO nice to see a place that has a wide variety of beers and isn't simply a bunch of IPAs. Very well thought out. Lagers and saison and a mix of regions. Terrific can selection as well including my summer fave Hell or High Watermelon. High points for that. 

For food we started with the hummus and pita which was terrific. Generous portion and nice warm bread. The eggplant parm bites were my favorite of the night. Surprisingly light and really nice flavor. I'd order these again anytime. We shared the "old school" pizza at $6 happy hour price can't be beat. Solidly tasty. 

This place has a major South Philly vibe. I mean that in a good way. A super mix of friendly people from seniors and families to construction guys hanging out after work. It's nice to have a place we can walk to that is more than just a sea of bearded millennials. I hope Chick's does well and stays put.
You guys, Chick's is not playing around when it comes to breakfast sandwiches. They are $6 or $7.50, depending on whether you want meat. And hot damn these sammies are legit! 

You have a choice of how you'd like your eggs, type of cheese, type of bread, and choice of breakfast meat. There are other toppings available for an additional cost. 

I had scrambled eggs, American cheese and bacon on an english muffin. I ate the sandwich around 9am and wasn't hungry again until 3pm. I probably could have split it into two meals but it was so delish I polished off the whole thing! My husband, whose brilliant idea it was to get the sandwiches, was a little miffed that the english muffins weren't properly toasted and crunchy (they were warmed on a flat top). I normally would share this opinion but actually thought the muffin tasted great as-is because it was so fresh! 

100% getting after these sandwiches again in the near future!
I've been to Chick's three times and each experience has gotten better. My first time, for lunch during opening week, was just okay. We had to send back a plate of cold eggplant bites but the second plate that came out was just fine and our check was adjusted for the inconvenience, which was nice. Everyone at the table thought the duck wontons were delicious, and I enjoyed the bruschetta as well. My caesar salad with chicken was large and fresh, though I thought the chicken was a little overcooked (but nicely seasoned). Though our server and other restaurant staff were constantly checking in on our table, we still had to ask about drinks we had ordered more than once. 

My next visit was a lot better. My husband and I sat at the bar and took advantage of some happy hour food items. The $6 cheese pizza and $5 meatball sliders hit the spot, and served as a really inexpensive dinner. The bartender was super friendly and she refilled my club soda with a splash of cran without me even asking. 

I was back a few days later for lunch with my stepmom, who raved about the food from first bite. We shared the traditional mussels to start. The mussels were gigantic and the broth was really flavorful. The toasted bread that came with was fantastic. My stepmom also loved her Greek salad with shrimp ($8 add-on price, yikes!) and I really enjoyed my chicken parm sandwich, as well. It was huge and I took half home with me. 

So happy that this new-to-my-neighborhood spot is out of the gates running, with each visit getting better in just a short amount of time. Looking forward to many visits to come!
I've ordered takeout from Chick's before, but just finally had the chance to dine-in for lunch and it was everything I had hoped for and more! I drive past Chick's often and every single time, I mention to my boyfriend that I really want to try a sit down meal there. There is something about the vibe of the space that is super cool and I knew we'd love it.

If you are contemplating dine-in or takeout, you truly cannot go wrong with either option. They have great lunch specials, delicious pizza, and a wide menu of sandwiches and small plates to satisfy any group!

For my meal, I had their burger and beer lunch special and opted for the wake and bacon burger. The blend of the meat was super tender and well seasoned. The fries that accompanied the burger were delicious! You can also get a side salad, for the same price. My boyfriend got the smaller sized pepperoni pizza. It was great! 

We will definitely be back!
In the grand scheme of brunchig in Philly, this place sadly falls short.  We came here on a Sunday after running the rocknroll half marathon (after showers, of course!) and were super stoked to dive straight into brunch. It was Sunday so the Eagles were playing, and it was loud! But the interior was cute, we had a table, and we're ready to dive in.

The brunch menu was a bit underwhelming; it needs to be revamped in my opinion.  Nothing spoke to me on the regular menu, so I ordered the breakfast burrito off the specials menu - it left a bit to be desired. It was scrambled eggs, chorizo, black beans, cheddar, peppers and onions in a flour tortilla - with sour cream & pico de gallo.  Instead of fresh bright flavors with a lovely bite from the chorizo, it all mushed together an an not-entirely-appetizing mushy mess. The pico de gallo was good though! 

There were some redeeming things - we shared 2 appetizers (there were 4 of us, in all!) and they were absolutely amazing!  We ordered the Eggplant Parm Bites, which were little baby fried balls with smoked mozzarella, gravy, and parmesan.  It reminded me of a rice ball, it was delicious. They were somehow upstaged by the Buffalo Falafel - this was something I have never even heard of! It was (really good) falafel with hot sauce and vegan blue cheese!  So amazing, I can't wait to try to make these myself, plus they're vegan which is super cool! 

2 of us ordered pizza, I tried both of them. The pizzas are good, the crust is really well made- perfectly chewy and simultaneously crispy/crunchy in the way you want it to be. No droopy triangle when you pick it up!  I found the pork roll, egg, and cheese pizza to be a bit bizarre, but my husband said he liked it. It was just really heavy.  The big rock (tomato, fior di latte, sweet Italian sausage, provolone, and basil) was good! Not the best pizza around, but good enough. 

Overall it's a really great place to have in the neighborhood, but my guess is that dinner is preferable to brunch.  Plenty of tvs to watch the game, and their drink menu looked fun, although I didn't try anything.
I really want to like this place, but Chick's reminds me of middle school me : trying really hard to be trendy, but lacking a true identity. 

I came here on a Sunday, as the pickins for football watching in the area are slim. I'd heard of this joint, and had been keen to try it, so my friends and I decided it'd be a great place to get our Eagles watching on. When we arrived, it was very busy, but we were immediately sat. There are four large TVs spread throughout the place. It was much smaller inside than we anticipated and felt very crowded. This wouldn't have been a huge deal - I mean it was Sunday in Philly during an Eagles game - but the acoustics in this place are terrible. It was so loud, but loud isn't even the right description. The way the sound waves were bouncing around, was driving all three of us nuts. That's the first time I've ever made such an observation.

We ordered beers, the buffalo wings, and a three cheese pizza. The wings came to the table even before our beers. Our server was odd and provided spotty service. The wings were $14 for 9 wings. The quality of the meat was good, and they were cooked perfectly, but the "buffalo" sauce was super weird. It was more of a tangy barbeque with hints of sweetness. It tasted fine, but I wouldn't call that buffalo. Additionally, the homemade bleu cheese sauce was room temperature, and was clearly made with a sweet Gorgonzola. Again - it was fine, but just weird. When we asked for ranch dressing, the obvious alternative, we were told there was only a Chipotle ranch. MEH.

The three cheese pizza was a huge disappointment, mostly because NO WHERE on the menu did it insinuate that this was a white pizza. We were really sad when a pizza with no tomato sauce came to the table. The dough was tasty, but a little on the chewy side. It was very garlicky, but not salty enough for our palates. It was $17 for this large pizza. Seems like a lot for what it was. 

Our server was just odd. She seemed frazzled, and would randomly clear our table. I'll give her the benefit of the doubt though. It was busy.

Overall, I can see why some people like this place. It's definitely not suited for football watching though. They seemed way too eager to kick us out, and we were happy to oblige, as the noise was driving us nuts. We couldn't help but think of all the food we could have ordered from home, at what it cost us to eat here . 

I'm not in any hurry to return. Maybe someday I'll give it another try for happy hour or something, but it is definitely not the place for football.
I've been passing this place a lot and am so happy I finally tried it for brunch one Sunday afternoon. Definitely bigger and more open on the inside than I expected. Looks like (and probably was) a garage converted into a restaurant. 

Brunch menu has a little for everyone, but I'd love to check out the full dinner menu. Full selection of pizzas still available, a decent selection of sammies/burgers, and tons of breakfast items like avocado toast and huevos rancheros and pancakes.

Place was decently packed but we were able to snack a booth. Plus there's a full bar with seating.

Me and one other got the burger that comes with a fried egg on top, bacon jam and Cooper sharp cheese (my favorite!). Another got the buffalo wings. Everything was well received. Shoestring fries were nice and crispy and salty and the burger was really good (but I've had better). The flavors were decent, as was the egg, but the bun didn't hold up to it all. Plus I could've used about three times the amount of bacon jam, rather than the small dollop. 

Wings were really great, though. Super crispy and meaty and the homemade blue cheese was so good we actually requested more celery to dip once the wings were gone.

For 3 people with no alcohol, only sodas, it came to probably $50-some, which is a little steep but also expected. Service was great, as well, plus they sell cute merch so obviously I had to buy something. I definitely want to return to try their dinner menu (especially that "Old Forge" pierogi pizza!)
I came here for happy hour drinks on  a Wednesday. I haven't had the food yet but I can say that this place rocks for happy hour. They have over ten beers on tap and have the coolest industrial black pipe tap design. The whole place is nicely designed, perfect for lots of drinking. It has a modern meets rustic meets industrial look that really works. The bar is a nice size with about 20 seats. The bartenders were really attentive. The guy next to me ordered the meatballs appetizer and they were giant and looked delicious. The menu looks pretty awesome too. I look forward to having dinner here.
Pretty over priced, ok service and meh food.  Venue looks pretty nice, and the waiters do try, but this was one of the most substandard meals I've had in a while.

Server was not knowledgeable about the menu and exhibited no passion.  He was of little help while ordering.  Wish I knew what was good there, because what I had was not great.

Also, I missed Happy Hour by 2 minuted WTF!! 

Chicken Parm was ordinary, definitely not worth the price tag.  Fries were cold and my Weissbier tasted like some watered down domestic crap.  Fail.

Won't be back.  If they're going to charge that much, they should serve better food.

Tipped $1 on an $18 bill.  Wanted to tip nothing. After thinking that I could have taken my money to Sabrina's and had a kickass meal, I'm annoyed.  Wont be back.
Came here the Monday after their grand opening! Great service, great atmosphere and super friendly employees. Can't wait for their pizza shop to open and get some take out! I took advantage of a car seat and did some work while eating some wonderful meatballs!
Few of my friends took me to Chick's for a farewell dinner and to toast my departure. We had few small plates to share (eggplants parm bites, buffalo falafel, and mac and cheese,) and I got the 12' Truffle Shuffle Pizza for my entree. Personally, I don't believe anything that stood out that I would remember as unique to Chick's. I just enjoyed a basic meal with few loved ones.

Basic Three Yelps.
Great New Restaurant. Love the look and feel to the place. Huge awesome bar , great drinks . So far I have had the pizza , very very good.perfect french fries and definitely try the eggplant parm bites . Chicken parm and roast pork sandwiches were A+ . 
Cant wait to go back and try rest of the menu.
My fiancé and I came to Chick's July 30th, 2017 for brunch. We've always passed by and see how busy it was and the decor itself is adorable and welcoming, after celebrating my birthday into the early morning, we decided that brunch would be ideal. 

The hostess was very accommodating, assuring us there is no wait for a table on a Sunday morning and walking in, we were promptly seated. A lovely gentleman came up and poured us water and feeling the way I felt, I was very gracious. Our server on the other hand was a different story.

She only came to check on us twice. The restaurant itself wasn't even busy which is forgivable but she was at the hostess stand, joking around and not realizing we finished our bottle of water, needed utensils, my fiancé wanted orange juice and when he went to the bathroom and came back, still she didn't come to our table. The second and last time she came back, we asked for a refill of water and the OJ, afterwards we just asked for the check. The service was horrendous.

Our food was amazing though. My Cesar salad had the perfect amount of dressing and his steak and eggs with a side of pork roll was delicious according to my fiancé! 

Will I give Chick's another chance? Perhaps, maybe in the near future.
Came by for an early dinner on a Saturday. We were seated right away and the ambience was great. It has high ceilings, friendly service, and an extensive beer menu.

We had high expectations given the Yelp reviews and recent article in the local paper. However, the food was not stellar. We had the old school pizza, bruschetta, and fries. The old school pizza had a sour bite in the cheese and WAY too much extra olive oil drizzled overtop. I know if you're eating pizza, you should expect some grease which can be tasty(!) but there was a fountain of oil running off of the pizza tray onto the table, and onto the floor. The waiter had to come by and wipe it and leave a napkin for future oil flooding. 
The bruschetta was tasty but overpriced at $10. The side of fries was probably the best part of the meal aside from the Guinness draft that was spot on. 
I would rec avoiding the pizza here and sticking with beer and bar food!
I wish they had this place in my hometown!  I was visiting family and went to this place with a large crowd on our last Sunday there.  There was no line, we were seated right away, the owners even came by to shake our hand and say hello.  We ordered cinnamon waffles for the table and they were gone within seconds.  We did a bit of family style with brunch because it was hard to not try everything, had the huevos rancheros, fried chicken and waffles, breakfast pizza, steak eggs and some coffee/mimosas.  I'd recommend all of it!  Great beer selection too!  Atmosphere couldn't have been better, the game was on, which was nice to have, but didn't overtake the place, enough space between tables, great lighting and the day was nice enough that they even opened the garage door to let me light in.  Highly recommend!  Will definitely be going back next time.
I love that there is finally a sports bar type restaurant in the graduate hospital area. This  has great drinks and great food options. The happy hour is pretty good too. They have a few dishes for $5 including the meatball sliders which were really flavorful. I had the garlic Parmesan wings and they were perfectly cooked and sauced. They were not too dry or too saucy. 

The drink menu is pretty extensive. There is a decent selection of beers to accompany the delicious wings. I will definitely come back here.
Went here for dinner recently. It was crowded on a Friday night. Good happy hour specials, wine and beer for $4 and mixed drinks for $6. Wait staff was extremely friendly, upbeat and helpful. I ordered the chicken salad which is a popular item there. It was good, next time I would get the dressing on the side as the ranch was a bit too much. French fries were really good, shoestring style. My niece had the mac n cheese which was good and served in a large portion. My brother in law had the part sandwich and said it was really good. All in all a nice place, good American food but nothing too crazy.
Friday night was hopping!  We tried a few of the small plates and pizza.  The duck wontons were delicious as were the meatballs and the eggplant.  Loved the pizza, the tomatoes and cheese were so fresh.
We will absolutely be back!
I went to Chick's last night with my friend. It was a great atmosphere. The staff was friendly and the service was quick. I got a grapefruit mule which was awesome. I love grapefruit in cocktails. Also, the mule had the perfect amount of the ginger flavor. For my meal, I was eyeing people's fries but I instead of Fish Tacos (mahi mahi). They were delicious!!! I will be returning to Chicks since they are other things that I want to try such as the fries, the various pizzas, and the champagne margarita!

YUM
Stopped by this weekend to check out the new place. I live close by so it is wonderful to have a new restaurant/ bar in the area. There were a few quirks in dining there, but since they just opened I overlooked them in giving my rating. Mostly 5 stars because I am so happy something opened in this area!

They have wine on tap which is great. Lots of beer to choose from. It was a warm day and they had the front windows open. Split two pizzas. The pizzas were delicious! I tried the margarita and the sweet italian sausage one. Staff was very attentive. 

I heard they have happy hour but not sure of the times.

They are rolling out brunch next weekend. And live music on weekends will follow in a few weeks. 

Overall great new place to check out!
Had the luxury of trying the food and drinks before the grand opening. Everything was absolutely amazing. We had the meatballs and duck wontons for appetizer, BBQ chicken salad, and the vita pizza . Everything was perfect taste wise and portion wise. The drinks are amazing and the atmosphere is top of the line. It's a swanky sports bar feel (not sure what category it falls under)  with food options that don't compare to the other bars in the area. Can't wait to go back for the grand opening!
A South Philly gem! Stopped in here one Saturday night and the place was packed so we ended up sitting at the bar. There were a couple flat screens above the bar so the bf was happy he could watch the basketball game that was on. I appreciated their vast beer and cocktail selection. I had a good, strong peartini and was happy. I'm a sucker for short rib so it was a no brainer when it came to ordering. The braised short rib was accompanied by mashed potatoes and roasted brussels. It was so apparent I was enjoying myself a mysterious other fork made its way onto my plate to have a try (Hmm, I wonder who's that was...lol). Service was great and I can't wait to go back. Great date spot for sure.
We had a reservation for 4 and were seated right away even though it was busy. The food was delicious and they were very accommodating to us (each one who has some sort of food allergy haha), and there were options for us. The restaurant was busy and lively but not overwhelmingly loud and the big windows make it feel very open! Food and service were great! We got hummus, sprouts, pizza veggie burgers, mussels - and we all loved what we had! We'll be back :)
We live in Point Breeze  and Chick's has now become our favorite date night place! 

Every visit we explore something new on the menu. The awesome staff always has great suggestions! I love wing night on Tuesday and my wife always loves the Mac and cheese. In addition to great food their drink selection is good as well.  

Chick's is definitely a place you should check out and make a regular spot for your city dinners.
Perfect spot for Brunch or a cocktail or two (or three). Great relaxed vibe with a particularly expansive menu. Moderately priced and good for groups.
I went to Chick's on several occasions so this review is not based on a one time experience.  

The first time we went when on a long walk and sat down and had the most fantastic server, a young man who made great slushie recommendations.  They were delicious and generous in portion.

The next time we got "to go" slushies and they also came in generous sizes and were very tasty!  We had the same nice server and the other staff there was great as well.

The last time however, we went on a Saturday afternoon.  This was a disappointing experience, which is why I am only giving 3 stars.  We sat down and tried their food menu as well as some drinks.  Our server was a really helpful and professional young woman.  The food was very home made, very fresh & the menu was well chosen for different diet options & preferences.  

The issue we had was with the bartender, "Andrea", who we found rather unpleasant, & not friendly at all.  I ordered the very same drink/slushie that I had on a prior occasion and it came in a glass that was literally about a third of the previous 2 occasions in size, it tasted watered down & it also had a kind of fake lemonade after taste.  So I tried another drink, which was equally as bad.  I finally just asked our server to bring me whatever the bartender made best & she brought me a margarita.  It was so bad it just tasted like sweet sour mix, not lime at all. 

It seemed like this particular bartender really just could not be bothered & it is a shame because this was otherwise a really great place.  Would love to go back when another bartender is there.
After moving in across the street a few months ago, I've frequented Chick's upwards of 10 Times. This has become my husband and my new favorite spot. It's perfect for anything. From some of the best brunch in the city to casual drinks while watching a game to a nice dinner this place always hits it out of the park. 

The service is friendly and committed to bringing you an excellent experience. The food is always delicious and much better quality than your typical bar and the menu spans everything from picky eaters to foodies. 

My favorite part about Chick's? The happy hour. Daily until 7 with wine, beer, and a speciality cocktail. Food includes a $5 whole pizza and about 5-6 other apps. 

I'm so thrilled that Chicks is a part of the neighborhood!
I placed a substantial takeout order (for one) from Chick's and was really impressed with how delicious the food was!

My favorite dish was probably the Eggplant Parm Bites (with smoked mozzarella, gravy, and parmesan). The smoked mozzarella was really prominent and made every bite so delicious. I also got the Crispy Buffalo Brussel Sprouts (with gorgonzola dressing). They were a perfect combo of a little spicy from the buffalo seasoning and savory from the gorgonzola. The portions didn't look that big, but I quickly found myself full.

I also ordered a Truffle Shuffle pizza (local mushrooms, mozzarella, fontina, pecorino tartufo, and fried sage). Holy cow, that pizza was HUGE. I was so full from the eggplant parm bites and brussels sprouts that I had to save the entire pizza for later, but it reheated nicely in the oven and was enjoyed for several subsequent meals (particularly the fried sage - delicious!)

Chick's has a great beer selection and a good cocktail menu too (though the cocktails look surprisingly expensive to me) that I'll have to partake in another time!
My friends and I wanted brunch after our "intense" game of Bury The Hatchet. Found Chick's on yelp and we decided to give it a try. We were a party of 8, on a Saturday afternoon, so I was a little nervous we'd have a horrible wait time. Chick's staff was great in accommodating us. They moved some tables around and we say right by the windows. 

The food we ordered came out in no time and might I say everything not only looked great, but tasted amazing! Overall, the service was good and the drinks were tasty (peach mimosa was delicious!) If I'm ever in the neighborhood I'll be back!
I've been wanting to try Chick's for a while but hadn't had an excuse to be in that neighborhood. 
After a long day of Eagles tailgating my friend and her husband suggest I meet them at Chick's for dinner, drinks and football. She has been raving about this place and they go at least once a week...I know why now!
I gotta tell you I am so jealous this is their neighborhood bar...it's awesome. The food is great, the service is great, atmosphere.. everything. I just love it!! It's an awesome addition to graduate hospital..I just wish it was there when I worked around the corner! Plus it's open for lunch! None of the other close bars open until 4 or 5!
We got a Margarita pizza, wings and a spicy boy pizza to share. Pizzas are great..good crust, nice sauce and plenty of toppings. That spicy boy is freaking spicy though...I had to ask for ranch...otherwise I don't know if my mouth could have handled it.
We had plenty of leftovers and my friends were gracious enough to send them home with me.
Our server Amber was wonderful and attentive, made sure to check on us and took note when our drinks were getting low. 
Looking forward to going back and trying more of their menu as well as punishing my mouth with another spicy boy pizza. :)
Chicks has quickly become one of my favorite neighborhood bars! Located on washington ave, it provides a great walkable spot for all the residents of point breeze.

A casual atmosphere, chicks is the perfect spot to grab a bite or drink with friends. They have a decent amount of seating and a fairly large bar. The servers are friendly and attentive. The food is delicious - I especially love their large, fresh salads, their tacos, and their burgers. 

Overall, a great addition to the neighborhood with elevated bar food and a casual atmosphere!
I've been waiting months for this place to open! My husband and I tried to come over for their grand opening but it was too packed. No biggie, we came a week later. They were in the middle of changing shifts and no one seemed to know what was going on - I chalked it up to a new place finding their way. I ordered their pizza with the Brussels sprouts and it was soooo disappointing. The taste was decent but the toppings were terrible. It was basically a cheese pizza dusted with some Brussels and bacon - like each piece had basically one bite of Brussels and bacon. The acoustics are tough - you can't hear the music and it kind of sounds like a cafeteria. 

There's no much like it in the neighborhood, so we'll probably come back but I'm not nearly as excited.
Same good service, just a couple things. The meatballs were decent, and would've been better if they were piping hot. They were luke. And I didn't realize they came with a cheese sauce or some melted cheese. It looked like cheese wiz. Anyway if you order them, tell them to hold the cheese. Side salad was good! And i asked for some bread. They asked do you want a side of bread? And I'm thinking you have to pay for bread in an Italian place? Right? Bread and butter should be a condiment! They came out with this toasted or grilled bread w butter or something on it, which apparently they charge for. I sent it back and asked for a little reg bread w a little butter, which they brought and didn't charge for.
Still a great place, great pizza, salads, sandwhiches....all good.
I've been here a couple of times and I think this place has very good food, good service and tasty drinks. The wings are huge and the burger that I had was pretty awesome! This is a great place to relax, have a great meal and maybe watch the game. I recommend!
This is our favorite neighborhood place.
Opened a little over a year, we are frequent visitors. The owners Phil and Gina are very visible and aware of everyone's comfort.
Recently we needed a place for a celebration on short notice. Gina was quick to respond and in a matter of days had everything set. We had a private gathering of about 50 people for brunch before the restaurant opened to the public. The food was delicious, and the wait staff was attentive and efficient. 
Highly recommend Chick's for good food, great atmosphere and terrific service.
This is a great neighborhood bar and an excellent addition to Washington Ave., where I would never have thought to go out before (besides for Pho).

I got the bruschetta, which was huge! Very tasty. The roast pork sandwich was good, and my partner got the gyro, which was also good. 

The vanilla bean cheesecake for dessert was top-notch. 

They brought us the wrong beers a few times, but the service overall was decent. We'll be back.
I just finished dinner at Chicks and had to post a rave about it!!! The food here is absolutely delicious! ''Tis is a bar but the food is so much better than bar quality! I had the French onion soup for an appetizer and the Steak and Frites as my meal! The French onion soup is the best I've ever had!! The steak was wonderful cooked as asked and served hot!! The service was fabulous, friendly, accommodating. The food took just enough time to come out and we never felt rushed! I would recommend this to anyone and will definitely be going back!!
Came for happy hour and stayed for dinner. Happy hour specials are pretty legit - $4 wine, a selection of $3 beers and $6 well drinks. I had a margarita that was not great, but the chips, guac and salsa were divine. Actually, the salsa was some of the best I've had - somewhat spicy and smooth. 

We ordered a pizza, which was definitely big enough for two people to share. While it was good, I'm not sure I'd rush in for another.

Love that Chick's is bringing a part of Washington Ave. to life that has been rather dormant. I'll be back for beers and snacks.
Good service, great food! Nice new place. I opted for one of the four mussel preparations. Mussels in a light red sauce w sausage and long hot peppers. It was very good, and a nice portion. I saw other meals come out and everything looks great, especially the burgers. The other real nice thing was the owner came over and chatted with me for a bit. I will definitely be back. Nice job Chicks!!
It's nice to see West Washington Ave gain another restaurant. This is definitely a neighbourhood spot, not so much a destination restaurant to go out of your way for. The pizzas are consisntly good, the cocktails, less consistently good.
The food was great! We went around around 4pm therefore there was really no one there, we set at the bar food came out fast and delish! Really good service also definitely recommend.
This place is fantastic! Went opening night and had a blast even the rain didn't stop anyone from having a great time!! The owners really know how to welcome people and make them feel at home!  I went back on two different occasions for lunch and Dinner.  I highly recommend the duck wontons and the lamb gyro.  Oh, can't forget that veal chop and mussels delish!! Didn't even need a knife to cut the chop!  The chef also made an appearance, this guy is hitting it out of the park!! The staff is attentive and courteous.  Everything about this place is great!  The food speaks for itself!  My tastebuds were dancing, I suggest everyone needs to stop by this place for a good bite to eat and I'm sure you won't leave hungry the portion are hearty!!
Came with my husband and young son. The beet salad and lamb gyro wrap were both fantastic. The wrap was super flavorful and the meat was very tender. The sangria on special was too watered down for our liking. Great atmosphere for families but note there is no changing table for small kids. We'll be back!
We went on a Thursday night at around 7pm.  It was difficult to find parking, but eventually found a spot a few blocks away.  There was a 30 minute wait, but found a spot at the bar in about 10 minutes and decided to eat there.  The bartenders were very nice and offered samples of the beers on taps before ordering a full glass. We did ask for their size recommendation on pizzas and they suggested the larger of the two sizes.  It was massive and we certainly could have gotten the smaller pizza and still had left overs.  We got the truffle shuffle and it was delicious.  It came out quickly and was clearly freshly made. 
The venue was well decorated for a pizza spot, although can get quite loud.  I would definitely go back and even order a pizza for take out.  The prices are reasonable and they have a variety of beers on tap.
The duck wontons were excellent. Tried the La Viva pizza, which was also very tasty. I ordered the chicken parm sandwich, but the waitress forgot to put the order in. It eventually came. Was good, little on the dry side, could have used some more sauce or as people think it's called gravy. 

Will definitely return.
I enjoyed myself this evening. I love the atmosphere. My waiter couldn't be any kinder or hard working / NATE. The menu had ample choices.  Fish tacos were great, The bruschetta was great. The particular pizza that I got was definitely not my favorite although I loved all the ingredients within the pizza itself - it was the one with the Brussels sprouts / perhaps I would get again when the weather is cooler. 

I would definitely go back again. It has a very nice city vibe open space feel. And the food was very good! 

ENJOY - you won't be disappointed
One of the greatest Hot and New spots yet! Amazing food, great atmosphere in a casual setting! Who could ask for more!! Definitely coming back to try their brunch! Service was great!  Love the people, great hot and new crowd!
This place is awesome and just what was needed for that location. When I went with a friend a few weeks ago I was pleasantly surprised to see how open the restaurant felt, the large bar, and the great TV set up to watch games. We did not eat there, just had beers and watched football however we will definitely go back just off that experience alone.
Went to brunch here to meet friends and I was so pleased with everything from the food to the service I decided to write my first review in a long time.

The space is large and open, has the industrial vibe going for it. My wife and I split the huevos rancheros and avocado toast and both were great. Huevos rancheros is one of my favorite dishes and these were on point! The portions are hearty and no one left feeling hungry.
Excellent new addition and just what South philly needs. Chicks blew me away with the number of beer options on tap and their food didn't disappoint either. 

Pizza was good; fries were perfect. Beers kept coming and there were no complaints from anyone at the table/ 

I will certainly be going back, likely for happy hour, and will continue to add to this review as I try my hand at the rest of their menu.
This is a great addition to the graduate hospital neighborhood! I have celiac disease so need to be very careful when dining out. This place has the best gluten free pizza crust I have ever had. Even my husband loves it who is not GF. The salads are very fresh and big. It can get a little loud inside but overall the atmosphere is very nice!
Came here for their grand opening and had a blast! Although the weather was not in their favor, plenty of people still showed up. We got a chance to try out their pizza and it was very delicious. Beer selection looked expansive too. Will definitely try out this place again as a patron.
Went for Happy Hour, sat at the bar. Lots of drink & food specials to choose from ranging from $3 -$8! We had the fried ravioli, hummus & Old Style pizza... All of which were very good. The bartenders were nice, the prices are right & the food is great... So why not 5 stars??? The noise! I know it can't be helped but I have never been in a restaurant that was this loud!!!!!!
I work down the street from here. When we saw a new restaurant was opening up, we were all eager to try it, since there's not a ton on Washington Ave besides the Halal cart or Tacos.
The servers were very attentive, and I definitely get the sense that they're going for a more upscale vibe. But the size of the salad I ordered, for the price that I paid, was really small. My co-worker's sandwich seemed to be the same way. Someone got one of the pizzas, which the kitchen got wrong, and then comped for us. I was told both incorrect pizza and correct pizza were good.
I think the biggest headscratcher for me here is why they're trying to open this kind of restaurant on Washington. Maybe it'd be better for dinner, and the menu did list some happy hour specials, but they're way overpriced for lunch (the time when the most people are out on the road), and I wouldn't go back.
Very cool spot. Open-air garage with tons of seating, bar or tables. Communal bathroom with individual stalls for all genders. 

Happy hour was solid. $6 for a personal pizza that is totally shareable between two people. It's thin crust with good sauce to cheese ratio, and parmesan sprinkled right on top. $4 deviled eggs with a nice horseradish kick. $3 draft Yuengling. 

Service was awesome. Tons of servers and bartenders that were all very friendly. 

Probably will be back for happy hour and not dinner. Many of the menu items were very pricey.
New place in the neighborhood. Great food, even better service, and a very relaxed environment. I will definitely be returning to try more items on the menu!
Excellent atmosphere with a great draft beer list, delicious upgrades in old favorites (like ricotta on a chicken park sandwich), and friendly people. Can't wait to go back.
I liked it so much, I did it twice. Enjoyed a great dinner with the girls last Friday & brought my husband back the next night. We're delighted to see this casual eatery open in the Graduate neighborhood. It's attracting a diverse crowd of diners who appreciate good food & drink served in an upscale, comfortable atmosphere.

The mushroom truffle pizza is pure bliss & the salmon BLT is more than delicious. Kudos to the  servers who maintain their attentive & friendly attitudes with all that's happening. It was great meeting the owners, who stopped by each table to chat. Their passion & creativity, Philly roots, & their love of this city combine to make this spot a winner in my book.
I got pick pocketed here last night. Someone stole a gift card and a work credit card out of my purse while I was eating dinner. Tables are too close together. My chair was bumping into the chair behind me so I didn't notice- and why would I think that I could get pick pocketed in a nice new place? WRONG. Plus it's so loud in there my throats hurt from trying to talk to my friend. We were sitting at a tiny little two top leaning over the table just to hear the other person speak.

They tried to fix up the ambiance but it's a little confusing what it's trying to be- sports bar or lounge?? Nice chandeliers but then you have this shitty wall protruding into the restaurant for the bathrooms. They could have made the bathrooms more private. No music but not like you could hear it with the terrible acoustics they have going on. Not coming back here ever again.
The Italian mussels are absolutely life changing. Great atmosphere, pleasant and quick service. A+ all around. This is my first yelp review.
Chick's is a great addition to the Point Breeze/Grad Hospital neighborhood.  The establishment is always lively and full of energy, a really great and diverse crowd. It's been open a little over a year and we've been going regularly.  This last time we started off with the meatballs and they were delicious.  For the main course we had the Spaghetti & Crab, the Corn & Crab Chowder and the Tomato & Caprese salad, both were specials which I hope they carry over to the permanent menu.
I was so nervous that I was going to have to wait a long time for a table during brunch time on a Saturday because it was 7 of us and they do not take reservations. But when I arrived for brunch I was greeted and seated immediately. Our waiter Chino was great! At the end we were each able to pay our own bill separately with no problem (this is a big deal to me). Everything tasted good, I got the strawberry topped Belgium waffle with a side of cheese grits and turkey sausage. Everyone enjoyed themselves and the atmosphere was really nice! I'll definitely be returning.
Had dinner and drinks here on a Saturday night with 4 friends. We tried the mashed potato and chive pizza which was very good as well as the truffle white pizza. We also had the gyro, chicken parm sandwich and the eggplant bites. The food was ok overall. The prices were good and the service was friendly. The bar is small and there is not really anywhere to stand if you are waiting for a table or hanging out just for drinks.
We come at Chick's all the time but last time we went there we had the worst experience at the bar. Our bartender had the worse attitude and she was too busy staying on her phone and talking to the servers instead of serving us. We were trying to grab ger attention but nothing, we ended up leaving and going somewhere else. She didn't introduce her self but she was short, skinny, and blond-ish hair on a bun. 

Why spent your money on a place that you get ignored when there are plenty of other places around.
Great local restaurant/bar to grab a drink and watch the game at. The service at a table can be hit or miss but the bartenders seem to be consistent so if you don't mind sitting at the bar....go and grab a stool!
Very good food but slow service. The worst problem however is that it is an extremely noisy place. Average decibel is 90dB (like a foodblender)
Awesome spot. Good beers and good food. The wings are MONEY. It's not very often I get excited to go back somewhere, I'm very excited to go back here. Meatballs are pretty good as well. Again - get the wings.
Everything was amazing from the moment we walked in. The host was very welcoming, the decor so nice, and our waitress amazing! Gina's Garden is a must have drink! Chick's mussels was delicious. We  will def be back!
Great sports bar! The bartenders were extremely good and friendly. I was expecting the food to have some growing pains but the wings, mussels, and pizza were great! It's a good space but I wish they had more or were able to make use of the upstairs (perhaps that's to come). A relief to have a bar, good food, and good ambience in the Point Breeze neighborhood. I'll definitely be going back and hope it stays popular.
Great food and service.  Chicken parmigiana was amazing and beer and liquor selection is top of the line. Clean and well designed.
Don't come here during eagles games expecting a table. Super crowded which could be a good thing if that's your cup of tea. Otherwise it's a neighborhood spot with slightly high prices. $13 for a Chicken parm sandwich/ fries is too high for me; same price for the Caprese sandwich. Maybe a $10 sandwich special would be more welcome. Tuesday nights they offer $10 wings night in house. Bar can accommodate about 20 people comfortably however they will try and squeeze more to boost sales on any given night. They have a good set of rotating draft beers and the space doesn't feel too cramped if not at capacity. Be aware that the staff sorta has an irritable south philly abrasive side to them so don't expect center city politeness.
Amazing food, fun atmosphere. Everything we have ordered from here we love. Has become our weekly Friday night meal!
I absolutely love this place nice and super clean !! Went out for dinner and drinks with friends and we had a such great time, we all agreed we would come back soon.  Great beer selection .. Food was outstanding, and made with the best ingredients.  must to try mussels also good for vegetarians and meat lovers .                              New favorite spot !!!
Worst service ever. Pretty pretentious for bad bar food.  Pizza is nothing, prices are high for nothing fresh, creative or even tasty. Won't be back.
Revisited here. Service is always friendly but a bit on the slow side. Had the following items: beet salad, mahi tacos, and salmon blt. All were good (especially salad and blt) and prices are pretty reasonable. One of the better beer selections in Philly too.
Been here a few times and always for the mussels. I've eaten in and taken away, and every time they taste amazing. I was hesitant at first about mussels in Philly, but I've never been disappointed here.
This is amazing quality food for a great price. I was passing through philly and stopped here because I heard about this place from all the hipsters. The fries were perfect.
Chick's is not a bad place, but our experience was just very average. Across our group of four we had a few different items and drinks, all of it was fine, but none of of it was particularly standout. Their menu is pretty big, with lots of standard bar food to choose from, plus some unique offerings. They've also got a long beer list and a decent sized cocktail list. I got a cocktail, which was wonderfully presented, though it was much... prettier than I anticipated. For such a delicate looking drink, it had an overwhelmingly tequila taste. 

I would absolutely come to Chick's again, but only as a backup if Dock Street South or Community are full. It's a decent bar/restaurant, but it's not memorable.
Surprisingly good food!! Came for drinks and ended up getting pizza and chicken parm and both were seriously good. The waitress was very nice and supported all of our food decisions. Lots of good beer selections as well. Reasonable price. 

Atmosphere is cool. We were here around 9 pm on a Saturday during a PSU football game and there was a decent crowd but not overwhelming. There are plenty of tvs.
This was my first time at chicks and i absolutely loved it! Came here with my cousins to watch the sixers play! Lots of tvs to watch the game! The atmosphere is great. They have huge garage like doors that are open on the front of the building, which makes for a cool inside/outside experience! The drink options are plentiful! We started with the Mac and cheese which was AMAZING! A lot of times i find with Mac and cheese that they can be too heavy or way to over the top. This one was spot on with the cheese, noodle, and bread crumb topping, it was perfect! I got the blackened chicken BLT with side of cheese fries. The chicken was soooo sooo delicious and the portion size was HUGE. I could only eat half. The fries are to die for. If you go you must get the cheese fries, it is so worth it. Will definitely be back at chicks.
If you're gluten free, you know how hard it is to find good gluten free pizza. Well your search can stop right now! Chick's gf pizza is good, but not just good for gf pizza, actually good for pizza pizza. So good in fact that when I go here with non-gluten free people, they will  share a gf pizza with me and not even complain about it. If you know someone who is gf, you know that this is actually a really big  deal. 

The pizza crust is crunchy and chewy and doesn't have any gross after taste. I guess there's a chance that they use frozen, but if they do, I would NEVER know. I've tried a ton of their pizzas so I couldn't even say that you should get this one or that one because they're all just really yummy. 

Aside from pizza the only other things I've had are the Greek salad, beet and orange salad and the burger. The burger was cooked perfectly medium rare, was huge and drippy and delicious and both of the salads had a ton of cheese, which is basically the best part of any salad. This place gets a 10/10 from me. 

The only thing that is annoying about this place is the pick up times. They're never ready when they say they'll be so come 15-20 after your pick up time or you will be sitting around!
My fiance and i have always had good experiences at Chick's and it is a neighborhood favorite. This review is for the re-opening of dine in eating. As a healthcare provider, I wanted to commend a job well done in keeping diners safe. There are tables available outside with adequate distancing. All employees wear masks and gloves. Everything is disposable (I know, generally bad for the environment, but good for humans in the middle of a pandemic right now): menus, cups, utensils, napkins, and take out containers. The garage door is open to the inside and the door leading to the sink section of the gender neutral bathroom was removed for a "no touch" entrance. Soap dispensor is automatic with motion sensor sinks and paper towels/hand dryer available. Hand santizer is abundant for employees. Overall, a safe place to eat out right now and great food/service! Highly recommend!
Chill environment, server Nick was attentive and nice. Got the double cheeseburger, buffalo wings and orange mimosa. 

Wings were fresh, juicy and flavorful (not your typical buffalo sauce). I think they used fresh orange juice for the mimosa but can't really tell in taste, there were some pulp and fresh citrus scent to it. Cheeseburger was mediocre. Not a major fan of the special sauce (chipotle mayonnaise), aside from that it was a good portion with a choice if salad or fries. Fries were thin, crispy and lightly seasoned with sea salt? Not fine table salt for sure. stressed lettuce made it messy but I'm sure you can ask for it not to be stressed? Overall I would come back again to try the chicken and waffles because of the hot honey.
The shrimp and grits - TO DIE FOR. Literally the best shrimp and grits I've ever had! And literally so sad that it's not on the menu right now. Sooooo hoping they bring it back because just thinking about it makes my mouth water! Seriously, best shrimp and grits EVER. 

I've also had the burger and fries, pizza, and nachos, which were all good. The venue is pretty big so I've never had to wait which is great.
I was a little disappointed initially ... during a meeting I ordered a grilled salmon salad for lunch via yelp / grub hub. I left out during a short break to grab my salad and when I arrived at the restaurant I was told they hadn't started to make the order. The hostess was very kind, she apologized and said they would make the salad immediately. She brought the salad to my car approximately 10 minutes later, it looked delicious but i had to hurry back to my meeting, I only had 5 minutes to eat. It was so freaking good. I honestly didn't want to stop eating it,  The salmon was perfectly prepared, the veggies were so fresh, the avocado was the perfect ripeness and the dressing was the perfect accompaniment . I'll definitely order this again .... probably tomorrow
A-Ok is right? I'd give 3.5 stars if I could as I feel like it was pretty middle of the road but not terrible.

 We traveled down here from center city one day to hopefully catch the Eagles game and have some beer and food. From all the descriptions i had read it seemed like it would be a sports bar, but when we got there it was overrun with Sunday brunch and kids/families all over the place. No sound was on for the game but they had a few TVs on.

The vibe overall just was kind of strange and so we got our one beer and headed on our way out, searching for some other sports bar in the area (this took us another 40 minutes and we ended up back at cavanaugh's).
