Typical Philly..anointing an eatery which is far from anything special.
The Crab Fries? ummm fries with Crab seasonings. ooo, wow BIG DEAL! Who cares? Nothing special.. 

Its an over priced bar with lousy service. 

Fun place to watch football but then again so is many other places.
Two very important words that will change your life:

Crab Fries.

They are tasty and delicious and the excitement I achieved by cramming a full order down my piehole made me forget what else I ordered. A sawbuck says it was some sort of sandwich. But that's not important. Crab fries, people. Crab fries. Fries with Old Bay seasoning. Don't forget it.
Chickie's used to be my favorite spot to go to in all of Philly.  The sports bar atmosphere, tons of seating, beer specials, and great food (Crab Fries at the top of the list) were all apart of the Chickie's culture that many Philadelphians loved even more than their first-born.  I mean where else could we all openly talk about how it was the Eagles year to win it all, or how Peter Forsberg would finally take the Flyers to the cup.  (There's plenty more of these could-have-beens in this town).  

Well, years have passed since this location opened and while many of those great attributes remain, the quality (and quantity) of the food has declined greatly.  First of all, they add new items to their menu about once every 3-4 years but I can get over that pretty quickly.  They really haven't needed to be innovators because of their incredible location by all of the Philly Stadiums and the Walt Wit Bridge.

The food is the main reason why I stopped coming here- they serve less of it for the same (or increased) prices and I always seem to have a problem with it; whether it came out cold or sloppily put together.  Specifically, all of the menu items with chicken cutlets on them have gotten smaller in the past few years.  I'm not picky, but it's easy to notice when you visit pretty frequently.  The burgers are plain and nothing exciting, the salads lack flavor too, and loading them all with crab fries seems to be the go-to method for sparking some appeal in these boring bowls of green abyss.  I could go on but you get the point, the food is just mediocre and if they didn't have Crab Fries they would be the same as any other large-scale sports bar on the east coast. (thinking of CHAMPS, Buffalo Wild Wings, etc.).

It's not only that Chickie's food quality has started to slightly decline, it's the fact that so many new places with just as many TV's, just as many seats, better beer specials, and 10x better food are opening up all over the Philly region.  Pete has become more concerned with franchising out, making bank on each new location that opens up (can't blame him), but there comes a point when you have to look at your creation and say "Is this the best that I can do? Is this the best product I can put out there with my name branded all over it?"  

Right now I think the answer is a big, resounding "NO!"  But once they have some fresher ideas for menu items (thinking sandwiches tied into Philly legends), and better quality food to choose from... I"ll be back, and they'll have me as a regular once again.
Chickie's and Pete's is an artery clogging experience. They are known for their crab fries. They taste super good. And, they are accompanied by melted cheese.

The crinkle cut fries are cooked just right. But they give you so many fries, you might gain ten pounds and have a heart attack in one sitting.

Part of me feels they'd be better off giving not so generous portions. As good as they taste in the beginning, they start making you feel like a pig by the end. And, man, that salt kicks in and all of the sudden you start asking yourself, what am I doing to myself.

So yeah, eat a little, you're alright. Down a whole serving, you're hurtin' for certain.
If you need salt, then this is your place!  There must be a salt mine under the restaurant, even the air in there smells of salt.

This place is ready for a "Restaurant Impossible" makeover.

There were 7 of us in two different cars.  The second car was delayed by 10 minutes so we arrived first and told the hostess that we're a party of 7, but she refused to seat us until our whole party arrived.  The place was mostly empty, with staff just standing around.  We should have left... If they sat us, we would have all ordered drinks and at least 2 apps, but instead they lost on that sale.

The interior is an attention deficit disorder's dream come true with flashing lights and weird noisy decor, a visual hurricane of bad design sense and beer lights.  Like someone threw a hand grenade into a Fridays chain.

Once seated on the sticky fishy smelling uncomfortable kind of damp chairs, looking at the menu it was impossible to find anything that wasn't fried.  Even the salad comes with french fries on top.  I asked our server if they had any grilled chicken, she said it was a slow night and the kitchen could "Probably grill something".

All the beers were your typical beer flavored watered down beer brands like Coors Lite and Bud Lite and Light lite, now without the taste!

The clients were mostly middle aged pot bellied men, holding beers and looking like they were all wondering where their lives went.  There wasn't a pretty girl in the place really.  Why would a pretty girl want to go there anyway?

Figuring since we were in South Philly I ordered a cheese steak.  My gal pal ordered a salad without fries, and the children with us ordered a pizza to share.  All standard fare for South Philly, one would think... right?  There's no way all of these Italians in South Philly could fuck up a pizza and a cheese steak, right?

Wrong.

The pizza was an Ellios frozen pizza, I kid you not.  It was so bad that hungry children wouldn't eat it.  I've never seen a kid not eat pizza before!  I tried a bit, it was totally inedible.  It was also wet.  Not like greasy pizza wet, but like someone dropped it in the sink wet.  

My cheese steak was also wet.  Like the pizza, not like greasy cheese steak wet, but soggy roll wet with cheese dripping out.  I thought the cheese was so hot that it was melting, but it never solidified.  I asked my server and she said it was "cheese sauce" which is apparently cheese flavored water, with extra salt.

My colleague ordered a Buffalo Pizza Steak, which also came with wet salt sauce and extra salt, and his wife got crabs with crab fries and salt.

For the uninitiated, crab fries here means "orida frozen fries with old bay sprinkled on top", not fresh cut fries with actual chunks of crab meat as one would expect from a restaurant. 

Overall, avoid this dingy, horrible place until the "restaurant impossible" make over is done with it, or it falls though the Earths crust due to the salt mine under it.
There isn't too much to say that hasn't already been said.  This particular location is clean, nice-looking and always packed with fun-loving people.  Once in a while, you will run into people from the local sports scene, which is always fun.  

My most recent visit was on Friday night, after the Flyers' disappointing overtime loss to the Montreal Canadiens.  When my friends and I arrived shortly after the game, Riley Cote and Arron Asham were already seated and drinking beers with a group of people.  How these guys showered and got over there so quickly remains a mystery.  Is there an underground tunnel that leads from the Flyers' locker room to Chickie's main bar?

In addition to the lively crowd and local sports figures, there were also Amstel Light girls giving out free beer.  Score!
Every one knows the deal with Chickie's , so I will not try to sound repetitive here. 
Great , clean establishment, great service, beautiful bars, beautiful women serving you with that South Philly attitude we all know and love. If you are not familiar with the area along with that "swagger" some might think this is odd, a bit rude I over heard a table say. I laugh at that, thinking they have no clue with their suburban mentality how things get done around here. 

Not familiar group asked: Excuse me waitress what kind of cheese comes on the burger?  ( on the menu it says "American" )

Waitress: a slight pause... looked and said "American" what else were you looking for?

There is your answer, you don't question it , its how they do, you either want cheese or not basically. The list goes on and on with all the great ways to enjoy the C&P rush you get  with Play 2 located thru the corridor you can't go wrong here.

Wings here are  absolutely  phenomenal, meaty wings perfection I must say. If you do , no better yet when you ask for the wings ask them to make it crispy, keep it in the fryer a little longer . Trust me you will like this , I am a trained veteran in this area.

 We also  tried the Buffalo chicken Nachos, amazing I must say, who doesn't love nachos with the shredded chicken, chunks of blue cheese with the melted American to add to the mix making it a nice blanket of covered goodness . 

I also went with the ultimate tailgate cheese burger as my main course.  2 words.. GOOD LORD, this was delicious, a marvel to enjoy. The " Albert Einstein" of genius I must say, E=MC2 (Eat More Chickie's ) The crab  cake on top of the burger was delicious with the added compliment of the juicy burger underneath cooked medium with the right amount of cheese. I was gonna add bacon to the party, even though you can never, I mean NEVER go wrong with bacon I figured I would rock out the bacon party on the next visit.  Now I can't wait for the next visit to South Philly so I can peruse this adventure. (Next Tuesday before work ! ) 

Great crab fries with the lovely cups of melted American cheese for you to dip, or if you are not into the seasonings go with the sweet potato fries with that delicious dipping. Be bold mix it, go half and half if you want, half crab, half sweet, bickitty BAM ! that is good stuff. They do have regular fries also if you just want to be a "plain Jane". No pun intended to the Janes out there, I am sure you are all not plain.

Great atmosphere for the sporting fan, my lovely wife loves this place, great service, clean, TVs' everywhere so you don't miss a beat. Beer towers to enjoy, Lobster tails, lobster pizza, crab and or lobster cheese steaks.. of course crab legs I mean the list goes on and on of just a great place to dine.  Mussells red, white , Shrimp, ok I gotta stop because I will never finish this review.
This restaurant is a great place to watch any Philadelphia team game, is a pretty big spot, and the staff are very nice and fast, they will not feel behind even they have a large crew. 

I came with two of my friends to watch an Eagle game and this bar is a kind of place that even you are into sports make you feel the emotion of each play or scored with the reaction of the people here makes you feel almost being in the stadium which is located a few blocks away from this place.

The food is not that bad, but not the best I have had, my friends and I share a couple of plates.

Chicks Style Hot Shrimp, a hot dip on a sauce with is a bit spicy with make it good, but you have to peel the shrimp making it a bit messy to eat and adding a extra work.

The chicken wings with sauce on the side by request one of my friends' sauce are not that good and they also were overcooked with I couldn't appreciate the taste of it, and making it not that good. 

Crabfries is a most get, a great taste very crunchy dipping on a cheese sauce makes this a great plate to share.
I have always loved this place all of the locals are great the original in the NE is the best. BUT......I just saw on Action News 6 that the owner has been taking tips from the servers. I had to find a public forum to say how disgusted I am. Pete the owner you are a horrible Human being....there is no one in the world that can put a positive spin on this. So don't bother with the " complex federal pay regulations". 

The public is not stupid. I think the readers of Yelp need to know this.
Y' know that feeling you get when you are supposed to meet friends at a bar. There are so many people in the room and you scan the crowd for a familiar face, careful not to make direct eye contact with anyone. You dont want to seem like a lost puppy, so you walk with purpose but the bigger the place, the bigger you are screwed. Im now calling this " Chickie and Pete's Syndrome" or CPS. I came here to meet friends , there was no major sporting event but it was pretty packed. i cant imagine what its like for a playoff game from any philly sport. Months earlier, I had made an aborted attempt to come before a regular season Flyers game and couldnt find parking.
  I like me some sports, I like me some wings, and I like me some fries, so this place is a winner in that respect. i may be allergic to the fries though as I enjoy eating them but they make me blotchy and ill afterwards.
  I eventually did find my friends. But not before walking the wrong way to a dead end,and being jostled by patrons.
  I advise you all to stick to pitchers as opposed to the "cool" beer towers. Think about it. Can they really clean those things out effectively on a regular basis? Things that make ya go HMMMMMM.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Was in the house the last time the Eagles won the NFC championship and it was raucous.
loved the crab fries, would only be better if they were house cute. Also had the crab and it was above average. Got there around 1pm and a drunken mob was still doing the Eagles chant, I was told they'd been doing since 5am. Loved the atmosphere and energy. Except the toilet vomit. But all in all will go back and do it again, but this time like the locals. Boozed up!
3.5 We eat here a lot. Probably too much. It's always an option because we have never had to wait and there's a parking lot. Fries are the bomb as everyone knows any they come out fast. Drinks and all of the food usually does as well. This is such a fun atmosphere to watch games! 

Chickies snow crabs are better than any fancy crab place here or at the shore. When I used to eat them, these were my favorite anywhere. They are just that good!! Perfect temperature. Perfectly garlicky. They were amazing!!! 
Hubs rotates between those the red mussels which he loves and the buffalo chicken sandwich which he is fond of as well. The Peetsa is a favorite for our kiddos. The sauce is a tad spicy so be careful. 

There's obviously not much for vegans...I have tried a new salad they offer, the tossed Bruschetta. It was the worst salad I've ever had and I eat a lot of them. A lot. Hardly any bruschetta at all. Very bitter. Very little lemon dressing and super bland!! Just plain BAD!! Ugh. I stick to my splurge of fries and brews. They used to have all you can eat crab leg nights on Wednesdays. In the summer they have seafood specials, one is all you can eat crabs. Check it out if that's your thing. 

They have good drinks including "tap takeovers" where they feature some great crafts on tap. There's a drink for anyone here. From the fruity calorie heavy to the usually suspects to a few seasonals. 

The waitresses are usually miserable! I don't believe we have ever had a nice one until recently. I mean, we spend a fair amount of time and money here and literally two nice, competent, personable waitresses EVER!! They are usually young kids who always seem to be bothered with being there and seem like they are just waiting for their shift to be over. A bit too cocky. They know nothing about the beer selection and once we had a waitress look at us like we had three heads when we asked if there was anything seasonal on draft. She had no idea what that meant! They all need some training. I really feel they just hire anyone. It has drastically improved the last few visits however. 

The cool thing about this location is the video games and the back room. If it's snowing or rainy, you may have to wait for a pod. I didn't know that you could or needed to reserve these as there are NEVER anyone in them when we are there. I called for info on them the day we were headed over there, told the person who answered the phone that and they failed to mention how busy they were that day or that they were all taken at that point. I had promised my daughter on her snowed in birthday we would play and then when we arrived, they were booked solid. So definitely call in advance and don't wait for the person who picks up the phone to be intelligent enough to tell you if they are busy or not. Just book! 

Another cool thing is the Taxi Crab shuttle to the ball parks. We take it often. It's super convenient and complimentary. Don't forgot cash for tips though! Very nice touch and definitely a great marketing tool. Nice work.

We have played quizzos here a few times and won gift cards. It brings us back to our days before kiddos. The female hosts is sweet. We enjoy it a lot! 

Honestly, if it weren't for the drool worthy fries and the fact that there's never a wait, we would never come here. It's always a "I don't feel like cooking, I'm beat, let's do a no brainer" kind of thing. 

Recently we have gotten to go fries which is a goof post night out option to satisfy those crab fry cravings!

This location is by far my favorite of them all!
Based on the outstanding reviews of crab fries, I hustled my ass here to try what people said was a must have.

Ah... I've had better and wouldn't waste my money or time trying to do this again.  Sorry Y'al, but the fries reminded me of seasoned fries you can get anywhere, and the cheese dipping stuff, while decent, was no where near a repeat in my book.  Definitely not something to write home about.  

Give me Garlic Fries at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles ANYDAY over these puppies.  The crab fries left me wondering what I missed.
I was referred to this location by a woman at the counter as I was checking my bag for Jet Blue at the Philadelphia airport. What a great suggestion!  I had an absolutely delicious crab cake sandwich and margarita. Joanna the bartender was lovely as was Joe the manager as I got to talk to both of them while I was waiting for my flight and enjoying my meal. Overall great experience as I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food, drink and terrific service. Now looking at the reviews, I can't wait to go back to check out the crab fries!
I went to chickie and petes last night for dinner and it was the WORSE experience EVER.  Now don't get me wrong I have  been to chickie and petes on several occasions and it was a great experience BUT last night made me feel like I was on a bad episode of BAR RESCUE.

1.  when we walked in (party of 3) the women at the hostess booth were so busy in their own conversation to even acknowledge that someone walked in. we waited for about 1 minute before even being acknowledge (STRIKE ONE)

2.  after being seated the waitress came right over and asked us what were we drinking.  didn't give us a minute to even look at the menu.  after ordering the drinks (which came out very fast) we order our appetizers.  the appetizers came out very fast which was great.  but we finished the appetizers and waited a good 10 minutes before the waitress came over and took our ENTREE order (STRIKE TWO)

3.  Entrees come out  (which were pretty good) and we finished them.  the waitress never not once came over and asked us how are we, did we need anything, she basically never came to check on us.  when she finally came over we asked for boxes  because we couldn't eat the rest of the food.  she brought us the boxes and left.  for another 15 minutes before we flagged her down and asked her for the check.  (which she should of brought when she gave us the boxes).  (STRIKE THREE)

**oh did I mention that it wasn't crowded?  so there was no need for the POOR customer service.


bottom line -- the FOOD here is GREAT,  but the customer service SUCKS ASS BIG TIME.  The waitress we had was very lazy, unprofessional, and act like she was intimidated by us.  My company does a lot of business with sports bars in Philadelphia and because of last night I will have them reconsider their relationship with CHICKIE and PETES.

I will take GREAT customer service with mediocre food ANY DAY -- over POOR customer service and GREAT food..
it is what it is: the quintessential philly sports bar.

while not a place i personally choose to frequent, it's a popular spot for before, after or, if you don't have tickets, during the game. i headed here for the 2nd time ever in my 16 years in philadelphia following a recent day game win for the purpose of waiting out traffic before leaving the lot.

as a veg, i wasn't expecting to find anything on the menu for me other than the infamous crab fries, which i don't love like most philadelphians do. don't get me wrong, i adore the old bay seasoning & cheesy dipping saucy, but the crinkle fries themselves are kinda weak - tasting more processed than potato. but i digress....

there were also jalapeno poppers & mozz sticks, neither of which we ordered as i imagined they'd be of the frozen variety, not made in house. instead, we got beers all around, plus an order of fries, a cheese pizza & my carnivorous compadres shared the cheesesteak nachos (of which i will admit to sneaking the meatless chips from the bottom). the pizza was thin crust as advertised, and appeared to be all sauce, no cheese, until you bite in and discover it's underneath. not the best pie by any stretch, and overpriced at $12, but certainly edible along with a pint of your favorite brew.

decent list of local & imported draughts & bottles, tho not nearly as extensive as the gastropubs in town. but like i said: it is what it is - don't expect C&P's to be something it's not, and you won't be disappointed.
Had a great time here!  Went on a Thursday night for a beer-tasting lesson group sponsored by Budweiser.  Probably half the reason why I loved it so much was because we got free food/beer with the lesson.. but still.. it was great.  The crab fries and wings were outstanding -- best wings that the bf and I have had in Phila.  We also noticed these things that people were ordering called "towers of beer" -- where it's literally a huge tube of beer that they put on your table and there's several pitchers worth in each one.  We already made plans to go back for the bf's birthday because of the great time we had!
Review update is in order now.  Boy, is it ever in order!

I decided to have a bunch of friends here to help me celebrate my 40th birthday recently.  Now, I will always say that this place has plenty of good things going for it.  Yes, the crab fries are awesome.  Yes, they have some good sandwiches.  Yes, they have plenty of beer.  Yes, they have lots of TV's which is great for a game.  Yes, they also have some very cool bartenders who were very cool to me on my big night.  So overall, my last visit made me happy.  I have always wanted to like this place and fully embrace it.  But something always happens to change that... 

So why the two stars?  Simply put, one of the waitresses committed a cardinal sin in my book.  Now granted, it turns out there may have been a  miscommunication that caused this.  We had a large group by the bar, and a couple of my friends asked if they could get a table near the bar to have place to order some appetizers for people in our group.  At first, a member of the staff told them they could.  I think they misunderstood us, or my friend didn't communicate it right.  Nevertheless, this situation ended with the waitress for that table  shouting angrily at one of my friends.  I don't know how it escalated to that point.  But one of the things she said was that they couldn't sit there at her table because they weren't going to order enough food and she would lose out on tips.  

It all happened too fast for me to really get what happened, and I never got the waitresses name to complain to any management (it was a Saturday night, and the table was by the back bar for the record).  But, I don't care what the situation is.  Not only it is inexcusable for a staff member to yell at a paying customer, it is a major failure to even imply denying service for any reason because of tips.  She may have been really busy or had a bad night.  It doesn't matter.  It's rule #1 of customer service.  Even if the customer is angry, which in this case they weren't, you don't get angry back.  People get fired for that.  And I know for sure that my friends did not yell at her back because she did all the yelling.  It made for a pretty hilarious Facebook picture later I must say when someone in my party captured a shot of her yelling at my friend.  All in all, quite the memorable scene.

Plus, I did sample the crab legs on this occasion.  Sorry guys, I have had better.  It's supposed to be your signature dish, and they weren't that great.  As I said in a previous review, they slip a lot here.  But the crab fries are still awesome, and many in my group were happy with the food they ordered.  

I will say that for the most part, I had a great time here.  But this place suffers from a little too much success.
The fam stopped in before the Phillies game the other night.  I had been here prior to Eagles games, mainly for the crab fries and beer.  Tonight we stopped for dinner.  Must have been a bad night(really, really bad night). Had to wait about 20 minutes while looking at multiple open tables.  Finally sat down and ordered.  We had a Chicken cutlet sandwich, cheese steak nachos, wings and a burger(didn't say we were eating healthy!). Chicken sandwich came out first, all by itself...about 5 minutes before the nachos...then the wings....then the burger.  4 items, 4 different food runners at 4 different times.  
Cutlet sandwich was a couple tenders, tossed in hoagie roll drizzled with honey mustard.  Nacho chips were very soggy from the moment they arrived.  Wings were so-so at best and the burger was simple but the bun was crusty, literally hard crust on the outside.

Our waiter was energetic but when returned with the bill and my credit card, he literally tossed it. Our table and walked off.

I'm in no hurry to go back.
I have been going to Chickie's & Pete's Cafe for dinner for a number of years now. When it is Bluepoint Crab season and when you are in a mood for some hot shrimp, mussels or littleneck clams then this is the place to be.
This location is close to the airport and the Lincoln Financial Field.
In my opinion, Chickie's & Pete's has the best bluepoint crabs and hot shrimp.
This has got to be one of the worst places to go to in the entire city. I came with friends here and hated everything about it. First of all, they had hardly any vegan food options. I ended up getting a pizza without cheese and fries. The beer selection sucks, unless you think Budweiser is a high-quality beer. The place is full of fat, disgusting heathens with grease dripping from their mouths staring at the servers breasts, who looks like she might as well work at Hooters. Seriously, this place is foul. I hated everything about it, including the name.
I've eaten here many, many times in the past while in Philly because I really like their famous crabfries with white cheese sauce and mussels red as well as their Chickie's buffalo wings. This was my first time doing a carryout order from them and I have to say I am quite disappointed. I got an order of crabfries, mussels red (I specifically said over the phone, don't forget the Italian bread for dipping that comes with it), clams white, a lobster roll and the Lisa's blonde lobster pie (per my brother's request). Fyi, prices are not listed on the full menu on their website. 

My order was ready in 40 minutes and totaled to about $80. When I got home, I noticed they forgot my bread, which was supposed to be included with the mussels and clams. The crabfries were good but some of the pieces were hard, mussels were a little underseasoned, the clams portion were ridiculously small (see pic), lobster roll was okay and last but not least, the lobster pizza was very dry and lacking lobster meat. Over the years, the quality of food has definitely gone down at this establishment. I'd only return if I have a craving for their crabfries.
On 12/31/2013, my girlfriend and I went to your S. Philly location to get lunch. It was 1130 in the morning and the restaurant was pretty scarce.  We were seated in the back room of the restaurant, where one other 4 top was seated.  There were numerous servers and with 2 parties in this back room.  Fifteen minutes after being seated not one member of your wait staff or management had been by our table.  On a busy day this time table would be alright but there were servers and a female manager both standing by the back bar not actively involved in work.   Ironically when I asked the hostess sitting in the back if we had a server, instead of your female manager getting involved, she continued to look at her cell phone and then turn her back as to act as if she didn't hear us.  Through this whole experience this manager could be seen walking throughout the restaurant on her cell phone rather than engaging with her employees or better yet the guests of your establishment.  I did have to laugh a bit watching this for two reasons.  First right by the front door there is a sign that reads "no cell phone use" and secondly, while I was managing a Chuy's restaurant in college,  I would never imagine being on my cell phone in the front of the house.   With that said, the hostess in the back tried to locate our server which was even more comical to watch. The table next to us even commented "now they are going to argue over who is going to serve you."  Again very laughable because again in my past restaurant experiences on a slow day my servers would be fighting for tables to make extra money not fighting not to work.  
Instead of waiting for the servers in the back to decide which one would serve us, we decided to make their choice easier and just go sit at the bar in the front part of the restaurant.  I can say that both bartenders were great they promptly took our orders and when we explained what we witnessed in the back, one rolled their eyes and goes oh geez. 
Now, on to the adventure of food.  I ordered a chicken cheese steak and my girlfriend ordered a chickie signature salad with chicken.  Both pretty simple items for a kitchen to prepare.  My sandwich arrived within 5 minutes of ordering. Unfortunately the salad took over 25 minutes to arrive.  Again, in a busy restaurant setting, a time frame within reason, not a time frame in a restaurant with 20 people at the most.  Also as  I would imagine like most your commercial kitchen set ups, your salads are made in a different part of the kitchen than your steaks.  However my sandwich came out and sat in front of me for 20 minutes while we waited for a simple salad to be made.  While watching the manager zoom around the restaurant on her cell phone, it was very easily to see what was causing the delay in the restaurant.  When your kitchen staff is in the front of the house watching the replay of the flyers game instead of making food ticket times will be long.  
Overall this experience started bad and ended worse.  I feel the lack of attention by your manager is probably the direct cause of our experience. She obviously was more interested in her phone then what the employees of the restaurant were doing.   Also she lacked the motivation to take initiative when she clearly heard that we had been seated 15 minutes and no one had been by our table to check in with us.  
Now you may ask why didn't we ask to speak to the manager while we were there?  We asked, but were told they were busy at the moment.  Of course whatever was going on in her cell phone conversation was more important than customers sitting in her restaurant at that very moment.  I understand restaurants can be busy, and things happen.  Unfortunately, through my experiences in the hospitality industry I did not notice one reason for our experience today.
Came here for a meal after catching an Eagles game. The server was very attentive and knowledgeable on the menu. I tried the crab fries $6 and the buffalo chicken "cutlets" $8, where I'm from we call them tenders(same thing). Both were good, but I couldn't leave without having dessert. I ordered a cheesecake dessert jar which wasn't that good for about $8. They have daily food & drink specials. I will definitely be back!
Finally made it out to Chickie & Pete's, must say for all the hype regarding this place I was pretty underwhelmed. The place is essentially a large sports bar with mediocre food. Lots of TV's so its easy to see the sports action from virtually every seat in the house. 

Had the pepperoni pizza. Didn't like it at all. The sauce tastes like Ragu sauce poured on a thin but doughy crust. Not appealing at all. The crab fries are good but hardly enough to recommend a visit just for them. 

The service is a bit slow even though the place was only half full and not friendly at all. All in all with Xfinity just down the street at the stadiums you're better off going there.
Well.
Perhaps I wasn't drink enough, but from their industrial process cheese sauce and fries to their fatty burgers and bland chicken cheesesteak this place is a DIVE of the worst kind! Philadelphia has better places o eat. Avoid it!
I was there last night to watch Italy's World Cup game with a friend. Our food & drinks were great but the service was HORRIBLE!!! We were there for over 2 hours & our waitress only came back to the table ONE TIME after bringing our order. I would've had more food & beer but never had a chance to. We left as soon as the game was over & won't be going back. This isn't the 1st time I've had bad service there but it was def the last.
Tower of beer had mold in it. Sent it back after the waitress argued about it with us. They sent us back 2 pitchers with more mold in it... Waitress had the nerve to argue with us again and cast doubt on us.  Asked to speak to the manager and she tried to talk us out of that too.  Manager was nice enough and took this off our bill. Left without any beer and disappointed.  Only saving grace was the food. Be wary about the beer, they need to clean the keg lines or something. Two stars because the food was good.
I recently embarked on a journey to Sportsadelphia. On a pre-Phillies-game trip to Chickie & Pete's, I felt like I was on safari to a place very different from the one where I spend most of my days and nights. Here, the beer selection was awful, the drinks were weak and it took a good long time to get them (thankfully, I was there for a coworker's free happy hour).

But. The crab fries were tasty and addictive, the many locals were friendly and full of title-clinching joie de vivre, and I found myself caught up in a wave of utterly uncharacteristic baseball enthusiasm. If you're looking for an escape from precious BYOs and fancy frozen yogurt stands, this is an ideal location for loading up on cheap beer and getting way stoked about sports with hundreds of your newest, closest friends.
Chickie's & Pete's seems to be a local favorite, as it was recommended to us by a few of our Uber and Lyft drivers on places to eat. So my husband and I decided to make our way here on a Thursday evening a little after 6:30 pm. 

We were seated at a table and given our menus. After looking it over, we ended up getting:

Crab Fries, $5.99 prior to tax- Highly recommended to order this by a few locals, we decided to get an order to start. Crinkle cut fries with bay seasoning, I liked the flavor and thought they were tasty and filling. The portion size is definitely plenty for 2 and may be fine for 3 to 4 people.

$1 Oysters (on Thursdays)- We ended up getting a dozen oysters. They were fresh and delicious. 

Seafood Sauteed, $19.99 prior to tax- Great entree with cooked mussels, clams, some shrimp and a small lobster tail. Great flavor and was nice to get a side of bread to soak up some of that sauce/ soup (be sure to request for the bread if your server does not offer, as it is not necessarily an automatic, although complementary). 

Field Green Salad, $10.99 prior to tax- I asked for the dressing on the side and to omit the feta cheese. This was a large portion of the dark green leafs, which I loved. There were plenty of candies walnuts to give an extra sweetness. Great size to share with my husband.
-------------------------
(Total= $52.89 after tax, prior to tip)

Our server, unfortunately I have forgotten her name, was fantastic. Friendly and very good at checking up on us. Making sure we were okay and refilled our water glasses during our time. 

On our visit, it just happened to be trivia night, run by Ava Graham. There are 4 rounds and free to play. There are prizes to be won after every round and a prize for the overall winner. I am please to say that I ended up winning a $10 gift card for this delicious restaurant and also a T-shirt. 

Trivia Nights are on Thursdays around 7 pm and may last until 9 pm- ish. However during football season, on home game nights for the Eagles, there will be no trivia. 

We enjoyed ourselves with the trivia night and the food. This was definitely a great unexpected evening and would definitely come back if I lived here.
I wish I could give this place no stars... MY HUSBAND GOT FOOD POISONING!!!

When I called the next day to complain, they offered me a gift card, like I'd want to return after the VIOLENT THROWING UP FOR 24 HOURS that we had to endure.  When I explained that I had no intention in returning and I would be agreeable to a refund of the offending dish (MUSSELS, BTW) I was told that "it isn't our policy to refund in this situation".

The fact they HAVE a policy in this situation is enough explanation for me.  I hope the Health Department shuts them down.
***Review for Superbowl only***

I would say I'd return on a non-hectic day and write a review based on my experience from that, rather than one based on a crazy day such as the Superbowl, but quite frankly, there's about a thousand better bars in the city with great bar food that are more centrally located.  This is not one of them.  However, it is pretty unrivaled as far as sheer size, parking availability, and game viewing goes.  

As for watching the Superbowl: the amount of TVs, fellow cheering Eagles fan camaraderie, celebratory music after every TD and overall atmosphere made it probably one of the best places to view the game and they handled the crowds/checking-in process in spades.  Perhaps the shortcomings in the food were because they were slammed and everything was churned out for the masses and under warmers, but a few experiences years ago here (plus stadium dining) makes me think the food really is just subpar.

With that said, I'd like to first give a shout-out to our amazing server (of course I forget her name now) who took care of us during the entirety of the Superbowl, from about 5 until 10 pm.  I paid $130+ for a seat at a 4-top table to view the game, which boasted all you can eat and drink. I was afraid we'd get a server who would barely come by and make the free-for-all of food and booze sparse.  But she delivered.  Not only did I NEVER have to flag her down for anything, but she brought multiple pitchers of beer to our table so we wouldn't need to keep ordering individual cups (and even immediately put in an order of the crab fries since they're wildly popular).  Food, silverware, napkins, etc. all came timely.  So, no problem there.

The all you can eat menu was obviously limited, but was actually super varied, offering everything from pizzas to the infamous crab fries to mussels to cheesesteaks to crab legs (which was a nice surprise), and so on and so forth.  We ordered (all at once to make it easier on her): one cheese pizza, one roast beef sandwich, one burger with blue cheese & bacon, two orders of crab legs, one order of boneless wings and one regular, and nachos.  Minus the crab legs and the wings, all were underwhelming.  The crab legs (although covered in a kind of annoying garlic butter broth and hence, super messy) were fresh tasting and steamed to perfection so I didn't have to struggle to crack them open.

Everything else was just mehh.  Most nachos were plain with only a few covered in globs of quickly-hardening cheese, sour cream and guac.  Pizza tasted frozen.  Burger was good, but cold.  Fries are too covered in that bay seasoning and that cheese sauce is rubbery tasting.  I felt pretty shitty after eating this and I can equate that to the beer or the food or both but something didn't set quite right.

If you're down at the stadiums and need a place to watch a game, then this is your place.  But if you're looking for really great bar food, skip this altogether.
Love the fact that they made me turn my hat forward before sitting down. Crab fries were good but not awesome. Id probably go again just because the location is such a Philadelphia staple - but I won't roll into the city and go, "YO - I need to go to Chickie's And Pete's!"
This is a large sports bar hat hits the right notes if loud music, multiple tv screens and bar food is your thing.  Think of this like any major sports bar but on steroids and louder. The beer menu is extensive and they have a full service bar.  The food menu is replete with all the usual favorites but they also have a large selection of oysters, lobster and crab.  Almost like this place is trying to be Philly, Maryland and Maine all on one.    We tried the recommended CRAB FRIES. We received a  heaping basket of fries covered in Lowrys season salt like stuff with two cheese dipping sides.  It was enough to feed 6 but it was nothing to write home about nor would I recommend unless you have low blood pressure and are trying to pump it up...SALTY!  Also, there is nothing crabby about them.  Don't let the name fool you. No crab meat, no crab flavor. Just a big ole basket of fries. 
We ordered the Italian pizza which was a cheese pizza with arugula and balsamic sauce.  It came with a very thin crust.  Perfect and yummy.  Big enough for two.  The service was average but enough.  Overall, a decent place to go have a few brews and some average bar food.  I bet this place rocks when the local teams are playing.
So I met a good friend visiting Philadelphia for a meal at Chickie's & Pete's. Been there before for drinks so decided to try out the food. It is a sports bar atmosphere there with TV's everywhere of probably every sports event on you can imagine. 

Was seated immediately which was amazing for a Saturday night and it was pretty crowded. 

Well let's get to the food. First everything is ala carte which is weird for the prices. I say that because the price for a sandwich is what I would expect to come with fries but it doesn't. Which brings me to the sandwich. I ordered the chicken philly. I swear there must of been a chicken shortage because my sandwich barely had any meat on it. I told my waiter and he sent over the manager. He looked and agreed it looked pretty skimpy so he said he would bring another out. I said cool. The second one came out and I'm not exaggerating but it had a tablespoon more of meat. On top of it being skimpy it had zero flavor! I have honestly had better at a fast food place. Sincerely they need to remove this from the menu. Some places you might say it was a bad night but I think this is the norm. Their fries which you had to order separately also had zero flavor. Good thing they give you dipping sauce.  Oh but my drink was awesome. I had a double whiskey neat. You would have to be really bad to mess that up. I still tipped 20%. My tip back is just because you are a sports bar you don't have to have bad food.
Never Again.

This is the type of place where the workers are so disconnected from their owners that they do not care about you or your business. It is not staffed by the brightest or happiest people in the world.. i.e. straight out of south philly 18-year-olds who's most important thing in their life is talking to each other about the customer's the are waiting on. 

For example, after refusing to seat us in a booth at 3:30 even though we only wanted to eat lunch- not stay there all day, we were told NO, FLAT OUT, the only open booth was being reserved for the Wing Bowl. Wing bowl starts at 5pM. Please don't tell me the management or even the servers at this place would have any problem telling someone to get up if they needed the table. I have heard a lot of stories from friends about the waitresses telling people if they wanted to drink to get up and go to the bar so she could have higher checks. Eventually the hostess signaled for us to come back to the front after we remained standing where she told us to wait. She very nastily said FINE about seating us in a half booth, half regular chair area near the front. Her verbal attitude was one thing but what really got us was how she "cleaned the table." She sprayed one spray of cleaner on the table and wiped it in the most half assed way I've ever seen. So much so that my boyfriend went and got the spray and wiped it off for us himself. That really killed my mood. I went out to eat to have a nice afternoon.. not to have to deal with the attitudes of some kids that grew up here but never left. (I am from South Philly, too.. but hear all of the time that you would never know it...some behavior needs to be left in high school. Just sayin'.)

We were really looking forward to mussles and drove from the other end of the city to go there. We are not the type of people to just get up and walk out but we did here because the service was that bad. It's a shame I guess because my boyfriend thinks the food is good, but it isn't to me because no food is worth the aggravation when there are so many other great places in the city. It's one thing to get walked on in life, and a complete other to be walked on by people you are paying.
I recently checked out Chickie's and Pete's for the first time on the way to a Phillies game. It's about three blocks from the Pattison subway stop, and it's relatively cheap and convenient. We had a few beers and an appetizer, and a good time was had by all. 

The fries were good, but not amazing. Perhaps they were a little dry and salty, but you have to understand that the fries are just a vehicle for the cheese sauce that comes with it. It's a great combination. 

This place is huge, but the way it's partitioned, it doesn't feel too cavernous. The service was good, as there is plenty of staff and multiple bars. The staff was pretty attentive too. No complaints in that department. 

The atmosphere inside was terrific. There are flat screen televisions everywhere, and great music. The crowd was pretty good too. One girl in our group didn't have a ticket, and we managed to find a guy who was selling extras for just five bucks. 

Also, while it's well within walking distance to any of the stadiums, Chickie's and Pete's operates a free shuttle to and from the stadium on gameday. When we were done pregaming and stepped outside and it was right there. We were in front of the Citizens Bank Park in five minutes. 

Conclusion: Chickie's and Pete's is a great place to have a few drinks and a bite to eat before a game. This could easily become part of my gameday ritual.
We came before Maroon 5 concert and it was pretty crowded. This location is probably the biggest that they have. It was a 20 min wait for the table, but we got a table by the bar. 

Our bartender was Nick and he was really good! My long island ice tea was strong, just the way I like it. Probably the best bartender I ever had at a bar.

It was really crowded night, but our food came fast! We got their famous fries, hot shrimps, and snow crabs. The fries were fantastic as always. Hot shrimps had plenty of spices. The crabs were buttery, fresh and so delicious! 

I would definitely come back to this location! Drinks by Nick and delicious food, Thats a good way to start/end your night!
Fast and friendly service. You can have the seasoning of the crab fries on the side.

I ordered tossed salad with crab meat. Delicious.

Lobster roll is good too.

All of the seafood is fresh.
I'm not really a sports bar kind of guy. But that's OK, because in my mind, Chickie's & Pete's is a CRAB bar. Yeah, there might be flat panel TVs all over the joint showing the testosterone fest du jour, but my eyes are on the real prize--big, meaty dungeness crabs dripping in spicy broth (ask for a side of bread to sop up the delicious soupy stuff). The blue crabs are good too, and having grown up eating these smaller crustacean cousins I do occasionally get a hankering for them. But if you're going to put in the effort to crack the crabs and dig out every tasty morsel, the larger dungeness ones are certainly a more efficient choice. Start with a basket of crab fries, seasoned with Old Bay (or something equivalent) and served with a gooey side of melted white cheese. And if you have a few thirsty folks at your table, order a tower of lager so you can tap your own drinks instead of waiting for a waitress to scurry by whenever you're on empty. There's no dessert on the menu, but that's fine because you'll leave full even without it.  When my mom visits, she always wants to go to "that seafood place--the one with the crabs." I don't have the heart to tell her it's really a sports bar.
When you go through a 2 year tradition of watching the insanely off kilter experience that is Wing Bowl you find yourself needing a fun place where a good sized group can imbibe by the TOWER pour. And, although you just watched 12 people devour (and a few likely puke) chicken wings by the 100s, a place that serves good food is an absolute must! and for both categories Chickie's & Pete's is a spot that's solidly unmatched.

On both occasions I've been even though it was helluva crowded around 9:30-10am, Chickie & Pete's where able to serve our group of 20+ with zero hangups. And when it comes to maintaining all the food that we probably should of thought better of ordering, multiple orders of crab fries, ~how many shots did our tables just order?~, and TOWERS of beer we ordered; lets just summarize that its not an easy feat to accomplish.

and lets back up on that food and those TOWERS! The gravity bong like contraption that the TOWER consists of is far from your typical container of beer, and that's why its perfect for when you're not on your typical kind of day. and since it hooks up the perfect pour for at least 8-10 people it gets the job done! And whether you order the Baltimore style blue claws, the juicy pork sandwich with broccoli rabe, the staple crab fries with cheese (get at least 2 baskets!), the crazy good chicken wings, and then some; you're in for some seriously good eats that go well beyond that of your usual sports bar.

Bonus points for when your group is able to lineup their shuttle to the next destination, and you're able to watch some Jackass: The Movie along the way!
I'm very mixed about this place. The service at this place was surprisingly good. I got the crabfeast which was very good but $50 which is a little pricey for the dish. My friend got the cheesesteak which was not good at all. Your restaurant is in Philly and your crabs are tastier than your cheesesteaks? The fries here are the reason Ill keep coming back. The mixed crab fries and sweet potato fries are delicious, especially with the sauces they give you.
Cool sports bar in South Philly, not far from the stadiums. 

Pros:

If you use their valet parking, you can catch a ride to whatever sporting event you're going to via their "Taxi Crab" bus. That being said, valet parking is $15 - which is the same as parking for a Phillies, Flyers or Sixers game, but it's cheaper than Eagles parking, which is $25.

Service is usually very fast!

Their crab fries & hot wings are really good.

Sometimes they have some good beer specials.

Cons:

Their "dress code" consists of not wearing baseball caps backwards, so just be aware that if you walk in with a baseball cap on, turn it frontways. Seems a bit unnecessary, but the rules are rules....

For a place in South Philly, their bread isn't that good. So, if you get a cheesesteak, be advised that it's not the standard Philly bread you might be used to (nice crust on outside, soft on the inside), but rather a generic roll that tends to fall apart if you don't eat your cheesesteak immediately! Their cheesesteaks are good though otherwise.
Chickie's & Pete's has become a must-go after sporting events when we don't have the kids.  Our waitress two visits ago turned us off of the table taps, instead showing how a cup of ice in pitchers saves money AND keeps the beer colder.

I'm another addict of their fries, and their mussels marinara are FABULOUS.  

The servers are a little slow on busy nights, but usually friendly, and the manager even accomodated our request to get the Wings on the big calendar!
Last time I went here I got mussels which were pretty on-par for this city.

This last time I got a burger. Had to be one of the worst I have ever had in my entire life and that is not exaggerating. You would think a kitchen that doesn't have to worry about pushing the whole table out at the same time (each plate comes out as they are ready) would have a potentially higher quality.

Nope. 

Lets start with the cheese: The cheese was all not on the burger and was burned from the hotplate and so it was this huge black thing stuck to the side of my bun. Literally no cheese left unburnt. Why order a cheeseburger if I don't get any un-burnt cheese?

The bun: ruined by the burnt cheese for some reason. 

The meat: overcooked to heck. they didn't let me choose how I wanted it done (I prefer medium-rare), so they cooked it overly overly well-done. Not sure why you can't get the whole table at once when there are only 15 other people in there during lunch...

The rest: it came with tomato, onion, lettuce which were just ok.

Bottom Line: do not get burgers here. They are absolutely a waste of money and are disgusting. Good thing I had some fries, those are always somewhat good.

If I were to go back, which I probably will, I will get the mussels or clams I guess.
This place is my go to Pre Game for the Philadelphia Eagles.  If my team was 2 and 0 this place probably would get a 5.  The crabby fries are always on point.  CheeseSteaks never disappoint and the Pizza is just how I like it.  The pizza is cheese first and sauce on top. The Crabby fries will make you drink all day and well its Philly and this place has a lobster Cheese Steak.  Don't ask just order it you won't be disappointed.  The service today was the only dark spot on our experience.   Brought my beautiful girlfriend here for the first time and other than poor service everything was on point. Its definitely a 4 nothing more!
What a Lousy Meal and Service.
Why even serve food. The bar business is carrying this location. The food and service is a huge disappointment. I should have walked out.
They were not even busy.  We had 8 adults and two small children.
The server, could not even do that well. Missed ordered items did not remember who ordered which meal, asked us to pass plates and drinks.
We were told after we ordered that groups like ours the food comes out randomly. Really? 
I took a bite of a mozzarella stick, it had no mozzarella in it !! wTF!
The server piled the plates and knives and forks in the middle of the table??
Ordered the cheese steak. You would think in South Philly it would be reasonably good. Ha ha what a joke.; Almost inedible. Warning to all do not order this, ever!! 
Shut down your kitchen. Save money just serve booze.
 Waste of money and time. Bad service and low quality food.  Do not go here, lot's of better places. The stadium has better food!!! 
What a serious disappointment. Managment wake up!
Venue: Chickie's & Pete's

Decor:   Sports Bar ish

Service:   Decent, not where it can be

Environment:  Good Crowd

Food:  American, Seafood

Prices:  Very good
   
Debbie Downers:   Sometimes the service, the servers have a broad street bully attitude in 'em...not feeing that

Conclusion:  CRAB FRIES!!!! CRAB FRIES!!! CRAB FRIES!!!  The best in the business.  So Friggin good and definitely a must have to take on the go before you cruise up Broad Street to snack on.  WTF is in the seasoning?  Whatever it is  - it is simply AMAZING.   Love the mussels and crab legs from this place.  Not many sports bars can pull it off the way they do.  Don't forget the lobster pizza - Official!!!  Love this place because they have unique food items I LOVE you can't really can't get in most sports in this country.  If the service was as great as the food, Straight A's for sure!

Overall: B+
Love this place, although don't ever go in here without a flyers, sixers or eagles shirt on!
I've gone back and forth with giving this place 4 or 5 stars, I am settling with 4 only because of the pain in the tail service we had when we first arrived.

I was told by all my Philly friends that I had to go here for crab fries when I was town.  Friday night during the Phillies game we went to Chickie's and Pete's, we were immediately seated at a two top table.  While delivering our beers and crab fries, the server asked us if we were ready to order.  We explained that we would be there for the game and we were pacing ourselves and her response was "the whole game, well you better be constantly ordering if you are going to take up my table."  I totally understand her concern, and we assured her that we would in fact be ordering beers and food throughout the game.

A few moments later she walked through her section complaining and cussing about the $1.00 tip she received from her table, again, I understand her concern, but there is a time and a place.  She then cleared a table and came to take the order of the people next to us, and placed the dirty plate of shrimp peels on the table, gross.  While our beers sat empty she sat down a few tables near us and had a 10 minute conversation with her friends that were dining there.  Another table sat down and again we heard the same speech about not talking up her tables and that they had to order all night (glad it wasn't just us).  At this point, our beers had been empty for 20 minutes.  

My friend went over to the bar, found 2 empty chairs and I asked her for our check.  She knew we had planned to stay all night and asked why we were leaving, and I was happy to tell her that we were not going to take up her table.  Our check was $14.00 and I left $24.00 hoping that she would take that act of kindness and extend it to the poor patrons who had to deal with her next.

Now.... Onto the experience at the bar... TOTALLY AMAZING.  The bar staff that was working on Friday 4/19/13 made our night.  They were friendly, informative, suggested what yumminess to order on the menu!  Over all, those 4 gentlemen negated the unfortunate experience on the other side of the restaurant.  

The food by the way... the crab fries... yum'tastic!  My friend ordered the "red" mussels and I had the "bleu" mussels.  I feel like we ate all night long and never put a dent in them.  Absolutely amazing.  If I am ever back in Philly... I will 100% be visiting the bar at Chickie's and Pete's!!
We came here to watch 3 Sunday football games at once... The Eagles, Pittsburgh and the Ravens.  We were shocked by how empty the place was.  We asked to have them change a TV so we could see the Ravens game, but they wouldn't do it, so our resident Baltimorian was a bit bummed.  I guess X-Finity has impacted their game-day traffic.  I was pleased that we sat right down though.... and that nobody chased force fed us our food, and chased us out of our booth.  We got to enjoy a full football game at a table, which had never happened to me at Chickies before.  We grazed, and ate good food and watched great football.  Bud light was $2, but i noticed that the glasses had false bottoms which was kind of annoying... i mean a pint is a pint is a pint... but they try to save a few ounces?  Really?  I love the crab fry salad.  As a vegetarian, that's my trusty stand-by here.  

I had a fine experience, but I guess i'm just bitter about being so grossly mistreated here before.  The staff isn't particularly warm and nice... but I think that's almost partof the charm of the place.  I'll be back... but my craving of crab fries isn't as strong as it used to be.
We were here for an event honoring 9/11. I had the salad (surprise surprise) with grilled chicken. The chicken was salty I couldn't even touch it. My mouth watered after taking the first bite it was so strong. The fries were yummy though.

We also sampled their pizza. No flavor whatsoever, but we had to eat.

The actual venue and the servers are great! So two stars there.
Must get the bucket Fries at Wells Fargo stadium before a concert! The cheese sauce is also really good when you mix with ketchup.
Came here with friends while visiting Phila for a concert, the place was nice and atmosphere fun. Tvs everywhere if interested in watching sports. We got seated right away, or waitress was nice and polite . We order a few dishes, the food comes out when ever is done so not the whole table gets their food at the same time which I think it's weird. Their famous fries where ok, nothing spectacular. Their pizza was good, they have a few tab beers for happy hour. I believe $2.50 great price. My favorite dish was the mussels! May be to garlicky for some people , but I thought they where delicious. I do wish they where serve w hot bread or something. Overall the food was good. I would go back and def get those mussels again :)
Such good crab legs!! Yum!! Gotta get the Chickies style with garlic butter-- SO good! Both the snow crabs and the king crabs are amazing!! And if you like mussels, the ones in white sauce are delicious too!! Not to mention that they give you a bowl with more than 3 of us could even finish!! So much garlicky juice to dip out bread in-- complete heaven.
The drink selection seems great, and the pure amount of Philly fans seems like a great atmosphere. However, the staff treats the customers like prisoners. You can't turn your Phillies' hat around backwards - they have a dress code! Not sure what that beer is? The bald bartender doesn't have the time or patience to explain them. Is the restaurant half-empty, and you want to sit at a table? No! The tables are only for customers that are ordering food. I consider myself a hardcore Phillies fan, and would love to watch a game with my fellow Phans, but I refuse to reward lousy staff attitudes. I'll go to McFadden's instead, or drive somewhere after the game.
This place probably would have gotten three stars if the waitress actually had interest in being our server. Visiting from NYC and looking for a place to grab lunch, I skimmed reviews of places in the area and kept seeing something called "Crab Fries". I searched a little online and found chickie's and petes. This was about a 17 minute drive from where we were staying, at the Hilton Penn's Landing. I called ahead to ask if they had high chairs and were child friendly and they said yes. So my boyfriend, our toddler and I took the drive over. 

The place itself is exactly what I would want in a sports bar/restaurant. Beautiful huge bar, ample space, ample TVS. The hostess stand in the front is eleveated and about three or four girls were standing there and no smiles, or hellos were given as we walked in. Took them about 25 seconds to register us being in front of them. Finally someone says hello and we get a table. The waitress informs me that everything on the menu is al a carte and the food is made to order, so dishes come out as they are ready and they can not guarantee dishes being served together. If you aren't into seafood, your entree choices are limited to either sandwiches or a burger. Also, they do NOT offer a kids menu. The crab/shrimp dishes looked yummy, but we didn't want to spend an arm and leg on lunch. My boyfriend asked how big the burgers were, and the waitress said "I don't know...I guess I can ask and find out " but never told us. We ordered an order of sweet potato fries, an order of crab fries a mushroom swiss burger and the "double double burger" which is a burger with roast beef on top. The fries came out first. The sweet potato fries were delicious and the crab fries were way too salty. They were seasoned with what seems to be some type of house mix and maybe my batch was just too seasoned? but the cheese dip was great. Hated the fact that the place had cheap napkins on the table (you know the kind in the little square dispenser?) the fries were so seasoned, so my fingers were a mess and our waitress never gave us and utensils (normally I would pick at the fries with a fork) so we literally had a pile of used napkins on our table. The burgers came and they were bland. The swiss cheese had a weird tang to it and the mushrooms were resembled canned ones. My boyfriend asked the waitress how big the huge TV was out of curiosity. She said  " I have no idea, its a projector" with an annoying tone. I get it, being a waitress is tough work, but if you really hate being here - find another job. If I lived in the area I would probably come back to give it another shot ONLY because the space was amazing and they seemed to have some great beer specials.
PLENTY of seating, dinner on a Thursday night was quite interesting. Very awkward music (club/house/electro) for a sports bar. Aside from that the "ultimate tailgate" (crab cake on burger) was alright. I was thoroughly impressed by the crab-fries, specifically the dipping sauce that came with it (def made the meal) 

Very formidable beer selection, I was not disappointed. All in all, it was ok food at an ok venue. The food seems trumped by the over-the-top atmosphere.
Go eagles!  This is "THE" Philadelphia sports bar.   Watch an eagles game here, you can see any of the million flat screen TVs from any angle.  They play the sound on the Eagles game throughout the bar, and play music during commercials.  They even play the Eagles fight song after every touchdown!!  Sing with the rest of the fans!  Join the fun!

It gets packed on game day, which is the best part.  There's a free shuttle bus to take you from Chickie's to the football stadium.  There are probably 100 tables inside, so even if they quote you a 20 min wait, it never takes that long.  

Food is average, bar food.  But a few quality items that I love - the CRAB FRIES!  Ripple cut french fries with old bay seasoning and cheezy whiz dip on the side!  Classic!
I really like the crab bruchetta also.  People love the mussels, but I've had better.  The hoagies are average, good if you're drinking heavily watching the game!  The pizzas are really good, and a better value than getting hoagies.  You can even order a tower of beer that sits on your table and you pour it yourself from the tap.

This is my favorite Eagles bar in the city.  I much rather come here than the new Xfinity live complex.  Avoid the over-crowded over priced Xfinity and come to Chickies!
It's become the place you go to before a game in south Philly.  I have always had a good experience here.  Crab fries are a staple.  Lobster white pizza is always great.  Mussels in white garlic sauce, yes please, I will take all the bread you can give me to eat this delicious broth.  My favorite of all time at Chickie's is the McGooby sandwich.  A great roll, with chopped onion and pickle.  They then top that with steamed and peeled shrimp.  On top of that goes some crab fries, and on top of that goes the patented Chickie's cheese sauce.  It is a great balance of cold and hot in a seafood sandwich.  Can it complete with the lobster rolls of New England, maybe... I would like to think so.

My service has always been great here, and there are always beer specials to be had.
I ordered a special drink at 11:56 ( been trying since 10 of) when my bartender finally gave me the drink he said its going to be full price because it's pass 12, I showed him the time on my phone and he immediately got upset and said "don't worry I'll pay for it because I know times are hard and you can't afford it." 

YUP you read that correctly. My bartender, not knowing anything about me, disrespected and insulted me, after I treated him with the upmost respect and thanked him after every service. 

I've never been so offended in my life. You need to seriously reconsider your staff.
Say whatever bad things you want to say about this place, but don't you dare utter a bad word about their crab fries.  Yes, they're world famous for a reason, cuz they're f'in tasty.  Perfectly crispy crinkle fries dusted with seasoning and with two sides of their cheese sauce.  I could just eat these as the meal.  Their crabs are good too, so is the seafood chowder (a bit spicy), as are their cheesesteaks.

I've only been to the original NE location and now this one.  This restaurant is so big, I could get lost in it.  They have sinks in the middle of the restaurant so you can wash the crab guts off your hands. And the sinks in the bathrooms are made out of crab pots.  How cute is that?  Oh, and they have a "Taxi Crab" that will take you to and fro from the stadiums. The size of this place is a little overwhelming, but the food is always good, quite affordable, and it's fun. Just leave any pretentions at the door. It's a Philadelphia sports bar institution.
A good friend invited me to Flyers game last night. He suggested C&P for pregame meal and i thought great idea as fries at CBP always good. Ok I'll admit I'm a bit of a foodie. My motto is pretty much "Life is too short to eat bad food". I liked everything about C&P except what I ordered. Crowd was good, beer was good and waitress was doing a great job in a very crowded pre game condition. I ordered the Chicken Italian. Chicken, cheese and red peppers. Roll was great. The rest was an indescernable mess. Piles of gooey tasteless cheese on top of tasteless chicken with the thinnest of roasted reds on top. $7 I believe. I did get the sweet potato crab fries and they were outstanding. So I guess I ordered the wrong sandwich but that should be a pretty easy sandwich to do much better than that. Meat to bread ratio wrong.Either more meat or less bread. Need better grade cheese and not a gooey slop. More and bigger roasted reds. I'm not trying to be a jackass, and perhaps other dishes were much better than mine but that was perhaps the worst chicken sandwich I've ever had
don't hate a place for the patrons!  this is a great place to grab some crab fries, crabs (get baltimore style!!), peel & eat shrimp and a few beers before a game - or not.  i can admit to having traveled all the way to south philly without so much as a game to go to... just to get some crab fries.  service is quick, food's good, decor's comfy - you could practically show up here in your PJs.
Best crab legs in the worldddddddddddddddddddd.

Every time I am home I HAVE TO go to Chickie's.  

Crab Fries
Mussels
Crab Legs
Heaven
Overrated. Everything on the menu is fried. They are known for the crab fries, which is nothing more than french fries with old bay on them. The portions are average. The BF ordered an extra marinara sauce for the mozzarella sticks when we got the bill there was a $1.00 charge  when questioned about it the  waiter said if I could take off the $1.00 I would. (the  waiter didn't tell us there was an additional charge nor was it posted on the menu) No problem the $1.00 gets deducted  from your tip.
We came for the play off game because chickies wasn't charging a ridiculous amount for cover or reservations. So we thought we got lucky. Instead what we got was a restaurant with no working bathrooms, and terrible management. The bathrooms had no water pressure so no toilets wet flushing. We spent the first half of the game going on wads of toilet paper, and stale urine. None of the management staff seemed to care this was happening in a full bar. As if this wasn't bad enough, our friend got up to smoke and was told he was not allowed back in. Despite going to smoke multiple times during the game, this time security wouldn't let him back in. He wasn't told when he left that he wasn't allowed back in. Otherwise he would have just stayed put. We tried talking to the manager and our waitress even tried getting him back in because still had an OPEN TAB and his food sitting at the table. Security ended up escorting him back to our table so he could pay out and then escorting him back out. This was all before halftime. So clearly we weren't letting our friend stand outside in the cold, we decided to leave and continue our evening elsewhere. I understand being at capacity, but communicate that more clearly to your customers. Especially when they might have to leave and go use the bathroom somewhere else because yours aren't working. I was a huge fan of chickies before this.  But now I will avoid this location and maybe spend the extra money xfinity is charging for a table.
Since crabby cafe was closed, I guess I had no other choice but to come here? Wasn't really excited for this place but I was craving seafood and this was the only place that's open so ehhh whatever. 

Cons;
- sat me next to some loud ass people, I couldn't even hear my conversation with my baby mom. It wasn't even busy, all this tables open and they sat me next to some loud ass people. 
- also, sat me next to a dirty ass table, like cmon it's not even that busy here.
- wings took forever to come out i don't know why when wings are the easiest thing to make. 
- the guy that brought my wings out didn't even take away my finished plates, you sat me at a small table feeling all cramped up.
- the other waitress came and asked if everything was ok, I'm like lemme help you out, so I asked her to take away my finished plates, she said okay and walked away wtf????
- to sum this shit up I was annoyed af and regret coming here. 

Pros; 
- my beer came out quick lol that's about it.

Would I come back here? OF COURSE!!!! ... Not.

We're eating seasoned flavored seafood! And they have no hot water for us to wash our hands!!!!! Boooooo my shawty hand was freezing and shit. Sighhhhh
Went to Chickie's yesterday after the Flyers game for my sister-in-law's birthday. I was worried about the cheese for the cheese fries being different because of a recent review I read, but all was good. The fries tasted like they always did.

One thing I *hate* about this place is that they won't seat you without every member of your party present. So, if 4 out of 7 are here, you won't just seat us at a 7-seat table and let us get some drinks? Or if someone is visibly in the parking lot you won't acknowledge us until they're IN THE DOOR? It's so irritating.

Anyway - the food last night was good. I got the seafood soup. It was pretty spicy, which I wasn't expecting, but luckily I like spice. It also had clams and mussels in the shell. The one thing that disappointed me was that there really wasn't much seafood in the soup. 

Someone I was with got the mussels in marinara - and what came out of the kitchen was gigantic. I'd recommend it if you're hungry.

Service was super slow, but they were busy, so I won't complain about it too much.

Overall, this is the go-to place after/before a game, but other than that I wouldn't be making any efforts to make the trip.
GREAT place to watch the game!!!! And that is about it!

Crab fries... Yeah.  They are tasty, but all they are is (admitedly decent) fries with Old Bay Seasoning on them.  Not all that magical. 

The muscles are good - and spicy.  In fact, just about everything on the menu is spicy.  I understand that the goal of the menu is to sell beer, but come on!  Not everyone wants one spicy dish after another!  It becomes too much.

My friend who cannot handle spicy food was there with us to watch the game.  And that was when we found out she did not like spicy food.  We never knew this before.  So, because she was not eating , she opted to only drink soda (drinking on an empty stomach is not smart, after all).  The bill came and they charged her for every soda.  Classy.

But a GREAT place to watch the game!!!  FRIGGING WOOT!
Came here on $1 fry day and went HAM. I already know I love the crab fries and I was not disappointed. We also ordered the nachos which were delicious. I liked how they put the Giacobbe and sour cream to the side so the chips don't get soggy and you can dip as you please. 

Good food, refreshing drinks, and great service!
I don't know, outside of a cold beer and some crab fries, I'm just not sure what else this place has to offer. The muscles aren't bad but the everything else I have had here seems to lack flavor. 

I would go back before a game, but I probably wouldn't pick this place outside of convenience.
Certainly this has become a popular restaurant in Philadelphia, even though it's only 15 years old.  I can't help but chuckle every time I think about how many people consider this to be a "part" of Philadelphia....after 15 years.  Well it's been a number of years and I finally took my oldest son down to the original chickie and Pete's on Packer Avenue. We have had some of their food in Hershey Park as we live in central Pennsylvania.  As soon as we sit down we are told by the very unfriendly waitress that the food won't come out at the same time because there are no heating lamps.  I found this incredibly odd that THAT was the first thing she said....not a "hello" not "so glad that you came to see us today" not "where are you guys from?" .....none of that.....but how the food will be brought out at different times.  And after I comforted the waitress and told her that we still would love to order, We ordered some appetizers and she probably took our menus away it wasn't for about a minute that my son and I realized we did not order the entre when she came back about six minutes later with our drinks we told her that we would like the menus back so we could finish ordering.

at that point I figured it can only get better.  I was wrong.  On the menu I ordered a clam and seafood chowder usually labeled if it's going to be Manhattan or New England style.  This particular chowder really wasn't labeled so I was a bit disappointed with that. I was willing to overlook it if the service would've gotten better however it did not.   When I asked our waitress for some extra napkins she made me feel like I was asking her to do a cartwheel.  My teenage son was laughing it was so bad.  

Then.....the food came.  Including a tip, which I did give exactly 15%, We spent a little over $60 for the two of us for two entres and appetizers and some crab fries and two drinks.  you would think that the food would be great-- I've heard so much about this place. And at best it was average.  I had the lobster cheese steak, my son had a cheeseburger.  Again, average.  The fries were great. 


I am sorry chickie and Pete's you will never get my business again and you need to teach your waitstaff how to be nice to people.   We don't OU anything except coming back if you were service food and atmosphere are terrific.  Your bar and restaurant where well appointed but really didn't look much different then a really large Applebee's or TGI Friday's.  Your waitress was nasty to me and made my son feel absurdly odd and your prices are exorbitant based on a 15 year reputation.

Save your money folks and go to another place.

Signed,
Someone who wants his $60 and afternoon back.
AWESOME place to go chill at when watching a football game, especially if there's an Eagles game going on. 

Gotta get the crab fries there. So good!
WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!
all we wanted was to have an onion loaf as a side dish with our lunch. When we asked the waitress about this she replied "  That's not Happening"  So we cancelled the onion loaf I then went to ask the manager why this wasn't possible and he replied
"that's not our style"  Needless to say we got up and walked out.  bottom line if you want good service  DON'T GO TO CHICKI'S AND PETE'S
I've got to agree that it's one of Philly's secrets exposed. The buffalo wings are great along with the hot shrimp, dip their bread in the spicy sauce when you get the chance. People go there for the Crab Fries which has the seasoning powder still stuck to it when you dip it in the sauce, goes great with the beer that they serve from a funnel. The place is huge, and finding parking isn't too bad. Downside is that it's popular and when there's a game at the stadium, it's really packed. Expected wait time for a table for 5 is about 30 minutes when there's a game.
My husband Rick and I were going to come here before going to a Phillies' game but  instead we opted to eat lunch here.  And it was a good thing we did too.  It was crowded enough already--imagine what this place is  like before a ballgame!

Chcikie's & Pete's is well known for their seafood--particularly shellfish.  I ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake sandwich, one of the best I've ever eaten, but man-o-man, "Jumbo" is right.  Good thing I was able to walk it off afterwards!  Rick wnated t do the touristy thing and order a Philly Cheesesteak.  Well he went for the  lobster topped  Philly and did it ever look good too!

And yes we did split an order of their famous Crabfries!
Horrible service, cold fries, overpriced beer... stay away!
Chickies and Pete's is a solid spot to catch a game or games and they also have some really good food !! You have to order their crab fries with the cheese. Recently I ordered their wings and were very impressed !! Pro tip order them with the sauce on the side. Their wings are crispy on the outside and moist in the inside ! I love their mussels, red and white. Always get extra bread to dip it in the sauce !!
I grew up really, really, enjoying Chickie's & Pete's original location in the Northeast. It was always an awesome pastime to go there as a little girl and devour their crab fries, which seemingly still happens to this day.

In my own personal Chickie's experience, its best to stick with seafood. Their mussels are still some of the best in the city, always piping hot with a delicious red sauce.

I don't know if we hit an off day, or this was a sheer mistake, but do yourselves a favor and skip out on the cheesesteak nachos. They were served with oversized nacho chips, and drizzled with cold faux nacho cheese. Not warm, not room temperature, but literally cold. There was maybe a teaspoon of "guacamole" and a load of olives. It was really, really, weird. I rarely complain about food, but when you order nachos and the cheese is literally ice cold, there's a problem. It wasn't even like the cheese had been sitting out for a while, and congealed to become cold... it was like someone took it out of the refrigerator and poured it on the chips. This also then made the scarce meat cold, along with everything else on the plate. 

It's my own damn fault for saying, "eh, let's order nachos instead of the crab fries..."

Said no one ever. Just stick to the fries and the mussels.
I've been wanting to hit this place for quite some time. Today seemed perfect for lunch. I had the classic cheese steak with crab fries. The cheese steak was quite good, tender tasty slices of steak and a warm cheesy sauce on a delicious roll. The crab fries came out hot and crispy and perfectly seasoned. The service was prompt and attentive which I liked. Very clean and a very nice sports atmosphere. I will be back.
Crab fries

Buffalo tenders

Decent service

What's up with the leggings?
Clean bathrooms 
Interesting sinks in the bar area
Hyoooge
Taxi crab for 10$
Not too far of a walk to the ballpark
One of my favorite places to eat, but be careful when paying the tab. 

One of the blonde waitresses named Cait "claimed" we only left $20 in cash for the check and a $25 charge on a credit card when we left the whole bill plus a twenty percent tip for average service. Either she's a thief or one of her co-workers are.
Less than it's talked up to be the drinks were good but the wings weren't the best! 

Service was pretty good and the atmosphere was entertaining
Just came back from lunch at chickie and pete's and everything was excellent. My son and I took my mother for her birthday. We had the lobster white pizza which was out of this world. We had  the little lobster tails which were delicious. Fried calamari was excellent, son had a bbq burger which he said was very good and of course we had the crab fries. waitress was very nice and friendly. Love this place! Excellent customer service and food!
I have been going to Chickie & Pete's for years.  This is definitely a Go-To Place to watch sporting events if you can't watch the Game in person.  How can you not enjoy the atmosphere where the TV's are everywhere and everyone in the place is ready to have a good time.  

Chickie & Pete's is the kind of place you have to take "out of towners" who are sports nuts so they can see how Phildadelphians Love Our Home Teams - it's nothing like seeing the looks you get because of the intensity that is shared by Philly Sports Fans!!

Now, the food - of course - you have to have the Crab Fries with melted cheese.  The other selections of seafood, wings and yes the Lobster Cheesesteak are items that keep you coming back to sample other things on the menu.  

Without a doubt - on Game Day - it's a FUN Time, and other nights - its a good place with good tasting food.
Ok...we need a place like this in Tampa. What a great place to come to watch sports, eat, drink and have a good time. The building is huge too! They have a large food menu and an extensive beer menu. 
We came to watch the first game of the World Series and were glad they weren't going to close half way through the game. 
Now, if there's one thing you MUST try, and I'm sure you've already read about it in the other reviews, it's the Crab fries. OH. MY. GOD. 
When we got our order, I thought to myself..."No way are we going to eat all of this". 
HA HA HA....WRONG!! We ate EVERY SINGLE FRY!! Maybe it was the crinkles, maybe it was the "secret seasoning", or maybe it was the cheese dip?! Who knows...we were like addicts with these. If you're wondering what the seasoning is, it's not Old Bay apparently. The bar tender said it's the same seasoning they use to put on their crabs. Hmmm....either way...damn good!!! So, grab a beer, an order of Crab Fries, sit back and enjoy the game.
My french fries came out before my cheese steak. I came with someone- i get to eat my french fries while they enjoy their burger "because we bring the food out as it's done, not together." My friend ordered a crab cake sandwich & instead got a hamburger topped with a crab cake. My cheese steak took half an hour to prepare yet the hamburger topped with a crab cake (ordered together) came out first.....if i could give 1/4 of one star i would smh
Went to Philly with my boys this weekend yo watch the Braves take on the Phillies on sat and let me tell you I feel in love with this place. From the moment you step in and greeted by like twelve girls to the moment you waking over to your seat. This place is beautiful. Huge place with TV's everywhere. They also have booths with huge TV's and Rock band Drums and Guitars. Place is awesome!

Our friend who's a local told us to have the crab fries. They were really good. I had a cheese steak. Prob not the best place in Philly but it was good enough. 

C&P also has every bottle of liqs ever made. Kid you not! It was like an alcoholics heaven. I had beers and a couple shots of Jamison. We all had lots to drink and the bill at the end of the night was pretty light. 

Being from NYC the people at this place showed us love too. The waitress spoke to us a lot. I wish this place was in NYC. I'm hating big-time. C&P beats out any Sports Bar in the city. Will be going back soon.
Chickie's and Pete's is a Philly favorite and has three locations - the original on Robbins Avenue, the ones on the Boulevard, and in South Philly (on Packer Avenue) by the stadium.  I've only been to the one by the stadium after a game.  I mean it's not top-notch stuff, it's bar good that compliments the whole game day experience.

They're known for their Crabs and their Crab Fries.  I don't eat seafood, but their Crab Fries are off the hook.  Well done, crinkle-cut fries, doused with old bay and complete with a cup of liquified American cheese on the side.  My arteries are hardening as I type, but you gotta try 'em.  Besides the food, they have a full bar and TVs that are all  things Eagles, Phillies, Flyers, and Sixers.  If you're not from Philly or don't like their teams, here's some advice - don't tell 'em!
Fantastic place.  It's a good thing we live so far away otherwise we'd be there every weekend.   

These guys know what they are doing and it runs like clockwork.  Very personable staff, good food and a great sports bar ambience.

My brother and I shared a 2+ lb dungeness and it was really meaty and delicious.  We're portuguese kids of a fisherman, so we grew up eating crabs every weekend, and we know our way around one.  This crab was exceptional.   We also had an order of mussels, some wings and crab fries.  Not a huge fan of the crab fries, but that's just my taste.

Can't wait to go back to Philly to go back to this cool place.
Worst service ever. It's not crowded at all and the waitress hasn't been by our table in an hour. this pace has gone down hill and they don't seem to care at all. do everyone a favor and close.
Entered this bar about 15 minutes ago. Waited at the bar for service. When we were finally noticed buy a tall blonde bartender named Jen we were not informed that the kitchen was about to close. She was about as friendly as a rattlesnake. We asked if they had food and were curtly told "no." The kitchen closed at 12, it was 12:02. We watched plate after plate of food being served for the next ten minutes. It was a miserable, unfriendly, unwelcome experience. I will never go back, I recommend you don't bother. It is a big corporate chain feeling place that is obviously too self-important to appreciate its customers.
After two separate lunchtime visits for my group of three, it's clear Chickie's & Pete's  reputation hangs entirely on its sports bar setup, because if you're not a sports fan, and are looking for anything more than mediocre food in a noisy setting, you're out of luck here.  

On our first visit we ordered two  cheesesteaks and a burger.  The burger was fine, but took nearly 30 minutes to arrive.  The cheesesteaks were just plain awful: the meat was not on the griddle long enough to cook off enough of the juices, and as a result the bread rolls had literally turned to mush before our first bite.

Our second visit just this week was some months after the first.  We knew to avoid the cheesesteaks, so this time we ordered a chicken club, a plain pizza, and a burger.  Again, the burger was fine, and again took a long time to arrive -- about 25 minutes.  The chicken club was bone dry and flavorless.  Not sure how you can make a tough, chewy chicken cutlet, but they managed it.  The pizza was quite literally a big soggy undercooked cracker smeared with mild tomato sauce.  No sign of cheese at all, and easily the worst pizza I have ever tried.  At $12, that's an absolute outrage.

We ordered fries on both visits.  They were fine -- but let's be honest: it's almost impossible to screw that up.

Both visits were in the early afternoon, and the place was about half full each time -- and with hard, bare surfaces reflecting sounds everywhere, it was quite noisy.  It was tough to have a conversation that could be heard above the other diners and the televisions, so you can forget having a business lunch here.

Bottom line:  if you're a sports fan, go for it, and stick with the beer and fries.  Anyone else should steer clear.  If you're in that area, there's a couple of small Italian places in the same shopping center -- go for one of those instead.  You'll be much happier.
So if I was into sports, this would be the place to go watch a game. It's huge, roomy and has lots of TVs. Good beer selection as well. 

I just came here to get some grub and have a few beers. The food was hit or miss. The baby lobster tails were awesome! Crab nachos - just OK. Magooby sandwich - not so good. I wasn't really expecting anything exceptional here so I was cool with it. 

So if you like sports, beer and decent food, you'll love it here.
Visting from Florida with my husband.  Had dinner here with my brother and his family.  All I can say is YUMMY!  Our server Ashley was great and put up with our shenanigans without missing a beat.

This is was my second time here and as with the first it did not disappoint.  We shared baby lobster tails , chickie's style hot shrimp, crab fries, and chickie's riverboat.  Everything was delicious but if I had to pick a favorite I'd say it was......who am I kidding I can't pick a favorite.  

Definitely will be returning my next visit to Philly.
Busy spot esp on a game night. Fries were good and the crabs were good. Server was friendly. Some food took longer than others which we were told might happen bc the kitchen was slammed. They even sang happy birthday to our friend which she said they don't usually do. So that was nice.
My boyfriend is a Philly native, and on our first Philly trip together he was adamant about visiting Chickie's & Pete's. For Caleb, Chickie's & Pete's brings back nostalgic memories of his childhood; particularly the crab fries at the Flyers games. But since my other half is legitimately the pickiest, most predictable eater in the world (meaning everywhere we go he gets chicken fingers and fries) and will claim sandwiches from a convenience store (Wawa, albeit) are the best things he's ever eaten in his life, I was skeptical of how amazing he proclaimed Chickie's & Pete's to be. 

Alright guys, let's be real. Chickie's & Pete's is an alright (but not great) sports bar. This particular location is nestled a hop-skip and a jump away from the three major Philly sporting arenas, which makes it nice for those going to and from games, or for those who want to watch the games on their gigantic screens while still getting somewhat of an "at the game" experience. The restaurant itself is decent in size, and the few times we went there in Philly we never had to wait. 

On both occasions we visited, our servers were nice and helpful. The made a bit of small conversation, were very knowledgeable about the menu, and brought drink refills on time (which is a huge plus for us). 

The food was very hit or miss. Their crab fries and cheese sauce are seriously to die for. My boyfriend and I order our own baskets. No sharing in this relationship- paws off. Like I mentioned before, he loves any kind of chicken finger or cluck thrown infront of him so he always orders the buffalo chicken tenders, or whatever their rendition is called. And loves them. I on the other hand, had two underwhelming entrees the two times I was there. They have a mushroom burger that was decent, but left much to be desired. It came with just mushrooms, a slice of cheese, and a very overcooked patty on a bun. I don't have much room to complain about the meat, because I love it as rare as can be and understand that they have to cook to standard temperatures, but for me it was a bit unappetizing. I slapped a bunch of mayo, thank goodness for mayo, onto the burger and then it wasn't half bad. But still. The second time we came, I ordered their Chickie's Signature Salad, and it was truly not great. The lettuce came in unreasonably large pieces, was not fresh, and all the salad was was just lettuce, grated cheese, and grape tomatoes. Literally three ingredients. I could understand if it was a Caprese, but a salad with a bed of lettuce and tossed-on toppings isn't really palette-able. 

They have a great beer selection, though. As always, I ordered an Angry Orchard (queue the girly beer jokes). It was served cold and as expected. 

The price is very reasonable for similar sports bars and grills, which made it bearable. If it wasn't for the good service and amazing crab fries, Chickie's & Pete's would be in the 1-2 star range for me. Seriously. Luckily, those two components saved the day, and whenever back in Philly I will return simply just for their fries.
Will never go back.

This place is all hype, if that's your thing. I went here before a game and waited about 45 minutes for a table for 2. I watched about 7 tables sit empty the entire time, and even pointed them out to the staff. The food was eh. They are known for their crabs fries. They are good, but not worth everything else. If you just want a beer, while standing around a bar to chat with friends while a game is on, then this is your place.

CHEESESTEAK RATING: C+
I had the lobster cheesesteak, so this could be skewed a little. The sauce and lobster did not add to it. Even without the sauce and lobster, it still was a small cheesesteak and not anywhere comparable to the best of them.
The original Chickie and Pete's is the only one i will occasionally visit, the one in south Philly is god awful.  during games or on weekends this place is PACKED to the brim with trashy bimbos and total miller lite guzzling meat heads.  The food at this location is overpriced, slow, and boring.  Famous crab fries?! you have to be kidding me, there is something seriously wrong with you if you rave about this mess in a basket.  Its always a total pain in the ass to get a drink from the bar because of the mindless idiots who are trying to hit in the bartenders, and forget about trying to hear yourself speak during a football game, its not happening.   The beer selection blows and the atmosphere is even worse, if i had to spend more than 10 minutes in there on a weekend id jab one of those "famous" crab claws deep into my temple and pray for death.
