Service was horrible. Our waiter took 10 min to take our drink order. We ordered the cold shrimp, I didn't realize it was peel and eat. A bit messy.

My husband also ordered another beer which we never got. Waited 20 minutes to pay our bill. Had to ask another server to find our waiter. 
He was not a friendly person.
I was in Philly for a meeting and never had a chance to make it to any of the famed Philly Cheesesteak locations.  No worries, there are at least 4 places I have seen in PHL airport to get one!  I have been to Chickie's and Pete's before and had pretty good experiences.  They do have multiple locations, but this is the larger one with a small satellite bar across the hall with work stations. The crab fries are a must do - seasoned crinkle cut fries with an awesome cheese dip.  No crab in it - I guess it is a joke name.  My only gripe lies in the Philly I had yesterday.  I asked for a standard Philly with onions.  She didn't ask type of cheese, so I didn't even think to ask.  What came out was a small sandwich covered in the crab fry sauce.  I was excited - probably would be good I thought.  I was wrong, it overwhelmed the beef and didn't sit too well.  It turned into a gloppy mess in about 5 min.  I scraped out the rest of the meat and tossed the rest.  I usually would never toss food!  3 stars since I have had good experiences before I joined Yelp.
Not a bad place to grab a bite before flight.

Airline lounge is closed along with many other venues. They are open and accept dine in customers.

Social distance is in place. 

Seats along the wall has plenty of electronic outlets, I was able to charge my phone while there.

Service was on a tad slower side but we had plenty of time before our flight anyway. (TSA security only took 3 minutes).

They have good selection of draft beer including seasonal pumpkin pale ale. It was light and perfect for mid day beer.

They serve Philly cheese here and we had it one last time before departing Philadelphia. Chicken cutlet reminded me of how schnitzel is made, just with chicken instead. Breading is different from chicken tenders. I liked it and it went well with honey mustard sauce.

Airport price on most food but we are at the airport. Not overly pricey just slightly higher than outside airport.
Christ I feel like I am coming down from a heavy trip without having taken drugs. Maybe the lack of sleep. Maybe I am indeed dying. Who cares. The bar is open.

Its 747 am. Thats an airport bar drinker's 4:20.

The fact that four other people are drinking as well gave me hope til I realize its Saturday and they are going to Vegas. They are assholes.

This place is probably a one-star joint by any common standard but it gets three for being open. I dont know what I am doing with my life. I quit the business a dozen times since midnight.

But the show must go on. Good luck if you're coming to the D.C. show tonight. I am no longer here to take blame.
We were starving in between flights and thought we'd stop here because it's a "sure thing" and thankfully we were right.  We were seated on the "outside" section which was nice for us because we could people watch and there were outlets for electronics there if you needed them.  They have a pretty decent beer selection and they were actually reasonably priced ($6-$7) for an airport location.  I also ordered ice water which tasted like butt.  It was terrible.  I couldn't do it.  
Of course we got the crab fries and they were good as usual.  The portion is huge and they give you two cheese dipping sauces.  For my entree I got the chicken parm which was pretty much chicken tenders with mozzarella cheese and marinara sauce on a sesame seed roll.   I don't usually like tenders on a sandwich but these were the flat tenders which I like so it was good on a sandwich.  The sandwich was tasty too.  Exactly what I wanted.  It's hard to find decent food in the airport and after a long day of travel I didn't want to take a chance to not at least enjoy myself and this hit the spot.
This is located in the airport. We were waiting to get on board so we decided to stop by this bar. Sat down, order our food and drinks. The food was out super quick. The wings were really good and Nacho cheese was also great. Great bartender, great spot.
Looking for a cheesy, salty, beer swilling refuge in PHL? Look no further than terminal E. 

In simplest terms, they top salads with crab fries. I love fries - specifically ones tossed in Old Bay seasoning - but these suckers are lost in a salt overload AND they're on a salad? It reminded me of the time my roommate put panties on her cat. "Hey! I'm pretty sure those don't belong there!" I offered. 

I leave my pretensions at door whenever patronizing Chickie's, but my taste buds know better and they're not fooling me with bad bar food. Thankfully, they have every domestic light beer imaginable to compensate for their lack of quality consumables. You know? I don't know.
Here I was trapped at the airport due to delays and I thought, at least I can grab a Philly cheesesteak.

We were seated at a table quickly. Table was a bit sticky. Kitchen was closing soon, but I knew what I wanted, the classic Philly cheesesteak and crab fries. I was so hungry.

And then the food arrived. I should have known better: Never be the last customer of the evening. The cheesesteak was awful. Meat was dry, over cooked and rubbery. Like it had been sitting under a heat lamp. Bun was stale and the excessive melted cheese couldn't hide the stale bun and over cooked meat.

Crab fries were fine. Leaps and bounds better than the sandwich. But it's fries. 

Our server was friendly even though it was the end of a long day. 

I didn't eat the whole sandwich and ended up leaving hungry and disappointed. If it weren't for our friendly server and decent fries, I'd give it a 1.
This chain is a classic staple of Philadelphia and I believe you can find one in every terminal. 

Service: 
It's a self seated area. The waitress/waiter will be constantly walking around so expect 2-3 minutes before getting the menu. It took about 40 minutes from the time I ordered until I paid. There is also a take out window if you are tighter on time.

Food: 
Crabfries - This is one of their most famous items with it being available outside the restaurant at places such as amusement parks, convention centers, etc. It is essentially a seasoned French fry and served with a cheese sauce. 3/5 for me. 

Hot shrimps - Menu says that's these come 12 per order but mines came with 14, probably due to size. It's in a heavily Old Bay spiced broth with a hunk of bread and cocktail sauce on the side. I don't particularly care for Old Bay so this is a 2/5 for me. It's also not really hot at all.

Crabcakes - This comes three to an order with a small salad on the plate and a drizzle of aioli to the side. These were $24.95 which makes them about $8/piece. These were quite heavy on the breadcrumbs side and I didn't taste too much crab. 2/5

Clam chowder - It's a standard white clam chowder with potatoes and clams. Portion was good for the money. Nothing spectacular about it. 3/5.

I probably wouldn't choose to dine at Chickie's outside of the airport but it is a solid option within.
While the decor and service were fine, the food is FOUL.  Do NOT eat here.  It's a joke.  I would rather have a prepackaged sandwich for half the price than the garbage this place serves up.

We ordered the "famous" fries to start.  They came out in about 30 seconds, which to me means they had been sitting there.  While the fries were ok, the dipping sauce/cheese was nasty.  There was a skim over the top of it and the sauce itself had zero flavor.  Is this the stuff everyone raves about?  

I ordered a ham and cheese wrap.  When he plopped it in front of me, it was clear that this was a pre-made sandwich that had been sitting in a fridge, wrapped in plastic.  The wrap had a sheen to it, and was slimy.  And the sandwich had zero taste.  It was so bad I only ate half.  The BF ordered a burger which he said was ok.

Please, do yourself a favor and DO NOT GO HERE.  Gross!
Great bar, wonderful servers! They are not social distancing, there are too many tables and they did fill them all, I had a 2 hour lay over so I observed for over an hour. No blended drinks available (common for a lot of airport bars). The fries were FRESH and killer with their crab seasoning! The crab sandwich was HUGE disappointment! The filler is VERY heavy and over powers the crab. They should rename it Crab croquet, because its not even close to a real CRAB CAKE. Next time I will try the shrimp, I saw them on a few tables as I left, they looked pretty good. The music is all over the place and they have TVs from every angle. The pineapple margarita was just OK, I had two and the 2nd one snuck up on me. Made for a smooth flight....give em a visit but head my advice...
Airport food is notoriously bad and I did not have high expectations for Chickie's and Pete's. Surprise!  It was not that bad. Yes, Husband's  crab cakes were mostly filling but my Chicken Caesar Salad was fine. The lettuce was not brown and the chicken was cooked fresh and it was a large portion. Our server was fairly attentive. Not a bad option in the Philadelphia airport.
The crab fries were delicious! Even though they were a bit pricy for a bunch of fries (about $7), I'm glad I followed the advice of my friends to try them. Perfectly crispy and seasoned with spices, the crab fries are the perfect airport snack. A portion is huge - definitely enough to split with a partner. The cheese sauce was the best compliment to the fries.

The take out counter at the front of the restaurant (past the patio of tables) is really convenient and quick for travelers in a hurry. 

Chickie's & Pete's has locations in terminals D, E, C, and A-west!
Ok. Did the walk up window since I had pup in tow. And of course I know it's not a place to get a "real" philly steak but I wanted to have one last one before I got on the plane and I wanted to try their "crab" fries I hear so much about.

First, the service, def airport "whatever" service. They take your name for your order but then they call out what you order instead of your name #fail. 

The cheesesteak was huge and they did not skimp on the meat, however, the "cheese" and I use quotations because I am pretty sure it was some kind of cheese sauce and onions were just poured on top which didn't do much for the massive amounts of meat underneath. Plus, it was super sloppy to eat.  But for the most party, tasty.

The crab fries only come in one size and to explain the size... think medium popcorn at the movies. Yeah, jumbo.  But they def did live up to the raving, they were delicious! 

So next time, if there is a next time, I'll stop in the bar for the experience and order something else to go with the jumbo crab fries.
Hats off to Chickie's and Pete's business plan and marketing strategy.  Because it seems they have most of us fooled.  Not me though.  I hate this place.  On my several visits to various locations, it's been the same consistently bad, over salted, dried out and thrown together experience.

Here's what Chickie's and Pete's is for those needing an enlightening.  It's the Not Best Of Philly from various gourmet walks of life (like a favorite cheesesteak, a favorite mussel, a favorite pork sandwich, etc) all added into one convenient menu, prices hiked up about 30%, then a big ole heaping of the same old sports bar marketing, standard amount of Hooter's inspired hostesses sitting you down for a mediocre meal.

And the crab fries sensation just bewilders me.  They charge $10 for a super size of pre-frozen crinkle fries with a bad version of Old Bay.  Pure salty robbery at it's best.

My one star review, is complements of my recent experience at Terminal E.  I figure, ok, let's forgive and forget.  I just want a chicken cutlet before I get on my long flight.  I sit down, and wait, and wait.  The waitress walks by me.  No eye contact.  And again.  Still no eye contact.  (yes, she's avoiding this at all costs).  Finally, after a solid 5 minutes of waiting, she graces me with a visit, tosses a menu in front of me and asks me what I want to drink.  I ask for an Iced Tea and she darts away before I can utter another word.  Another 2 - 3 minutes, she walks over and places the Iced Tea down and I start to try to order.  I don't even think I have a word out and she curtly says "Wait." and then walks away.  And that's my queue, to do the same.

So thank you Chickie's and Pete's for completing me.  Not only with your terrible, dried out pork, salty sandwiches, frozen krinkle fries with Old Bay and hiked up prices.  I rarely consider the wait staff experience as part of a Yelp review.  Not this time.

I'll never be back, and warn as many as I can along the way.
Seat yourself, the sign said.  So we did.  Too bad that PA law states that kids can't sit at the bar.  Okay, the place was packed and those were the only seats that opened in 10 minutes, but no biggie, even though I totally  rolled my eyes at the server who gave us the bad news.  She must have seen the face I pulled because then she shouted out "Argh!  I'm telling you this because it's my JOBBBBBB" and then covered her face with her hands, all aghast and dramatic.  Okay, sweetie - you hang out with a  hungry/tired/whiney five year-old and then you'll see some motherfucking drama.

Whatevs.  Soon enough, a table opened up and we ordered.  The food is totally not great, although my husband scarfed down his cheesesteak sandwich.  Will ate his chicken fingers and I had sweet relief in a so-so glass of Robert Mondavi Cabernet Savignon and a few bites of chicken fingers.

The place is a typical airport sports bar,a bit pricier than you'd expect, but I think someone has to pay for the owner's teeth whitening and fake tan treatments.  Seriously, this dude's picture is plastered hundreds of times on the wall, posing with Philly VIP and sports stars.  What a big-grinned idiot.
This is for the airport location in Terminal C of Philly Airport.   Clean, comfortable... and good service.  Food was delish... had signature salad and crab fries.  Not super expensive.
I'm on a lot of early flights out of terminal E.  That's where this C&P is located and because of that they serve breakfast.  I believe they open at 5:30 but they don't start serving alcohol until 7:00 am.  One of my favorite ways to kill some time is to watch people stream in at 6:00 or 6:30 expecting an adult libation.  Then they get furious and yell at the bartender!  If you're on a flight that early it's very likely that it's not a connection and that you just drove to the airport.  And you came to the terminal expecting alcohol?  Crazy!

When I visit here I have a completely expected experience.  Standard drinks at airport prices.  The famous fries that are usually hot and sometimes too salty.  Sandwiches that are OK but nothing special.  It's just a place to grab a quick meal while killing time before a flight.  Nothing more.
The awesome pictures on the wall are NOT what this place is all about. It just can't be. Famous Philly Cheesesteaks? I think not. 

A sesame seed hoagie roll? I've been eating Philly cheesesteaks since childhood (that's a long long time)--my mother is from Philly--and I have NEVER had a sesame seed roll. The roasted red peppers are the kind you'd get in a jar, not fresh sliced and sauteed bell peppers (like the waitress promised me). The cherry peppers were fine, but someone in the kitchen thought it would be cute to stick a super spicy (jalapeno?) pepper in the sandwich. Not funny. At all. In fact my mouth is still burning. Pepper seeds all over the place and the steak itself didn't have much flavor either. What a letdown. And I was super excited to have a layover in PHL!

Ignore the hype on the wall. Eat somewhere else.
The service here was mediocre at best.  The waitress paid me a lot of attention for like 10 minutes, then the lady sitting next to me, then ignored us both for the rest of the time we sat at the bar.  She was clearly more interested in flirting with the male travelers sitting at the end of the bar.

The food was ok, but nothing to write home about.  However, compared to eating at a McDonalds or Burger King it was worlds above.  I'd rather eat here than a fast food place anyday.  

I had a beer before my flight and the beer tasted a bit off, but it could have just been a bad tap. Next time I'm in the Philly airport I'll eat here if it's convenient, but I'm not terminal hopping for it.
This counter at the Philadelphia airport is just what the doctor ordered to get your final jam on with a fresh Philly Cheesesteak and a pile of crab fries before you depart from The City of Brotherly Love. 

They cook to order, so expect to wait a few minutes to get your food. The cheesesteak sandwich was good... I've had better in Philly, nonetheless, it was still a good sandwich. But the crab fries tho...

In case you don't know, Crab Fries are crispy, crinkle-cut French fries that are covered in Old Bay seasoning and served with a side of melted cheese for dipping. I know it may sound "ehhh," but the taste is so much better than the description! Each fry is the perfect bite and the crunch on them was unbelievable! So good!

Their menu included other items, like buffalo wings, fried seafood, salads, and a few other sandwiches which apparently makes it a hit with airport staff, as I noticed several people in line with me worked at other food stations and kiosks within the airport. 

I'm glad I stopped and grabbed some grub here, although the sandwich and fries were too much for just 1 person to eat. If you get them both, share with someone. If you have to pick one, get the Crab Fries! Trust me. You won't be sorry!
Airport version of this restaurant. Nice seating at the bar next door by the window.  Ordered some fries and a buffalo chicken Philly. Both were pretty good. The sweet potato fries where nice and crunch and dipped in the syrup was like a breakfast. A nice place to sit and chill while waiting for the plane.
There's a handful of Chickie's and Pete's in the PHL Airport, and it's a Philly staple. We usually stop here when flying in and out of visiting family around PHL. It's probably more expensive than other places in the airport, but it's can't miss philly food. A Philly cheesesteak and crab fries are the don't miss menu items here.

I usually go for the buffalo chicken Philly cheesesteak on lettuce to make it gluten free. The crab fries are also a favorite of ours, but you can easily split one order. The portions are HUGE. Enjoy!
Came here after a long day at work before boarding my flight. Ordered curly fries to share with the table and chicken philly cheesesteak. The curly fries were really good. The secret spice they put on top is just too good and one of a kind ! The philly cheesesteak was just too cheesy. I could hardly finish half of it but couldn't carry the remaining on the plane since it was too soggy ! Pricepoint was good but the service was just lackluster. We waited to be seated but never were. So we just sat on the seats available near the entrance. I kept asking the server to get me more water and it took him 3 times to get it right. I understand the airport is busy but it's not sufficient enough an excuse. I am going to try to find some other options if I am ever back to the same terminal.
Hanging out at the Delta concourse here in Philly International, trying to catch a flight out. At some point even if you've just eaten before you came to the airport. You're gonna get a little famished. I think for me, its a blood sugar thing.

When in Philly, one should definitely try their cheese steaks. I know philadelphians are sick of it, but if you're not from here,, you should definitely do it. Everybody at the airport says to go here too.

So, I order a cheese steak to go. Jalapenos and cheese,, they didn't have wiz, so I settle for whatever they had. 

The sandwich was alright,, nothing to really brag about. Didn't give me that, I'm shaking my head cause its so darn good moment. At least it filled my belly up. Service was pretty good, no drama, real easy and friendly as well.

Thanks for reading my review. I hope this helps. Enjoy your awesome yelptastic day!!
Thanks to American Airlines, my first flight arrived in Phily late.   Therefore, I only had about 30 minutes to get something to eat (and drink) before boarding my connecting flight.  And it seemed there was only one sports bar in the terminal, so we cam here by default

The place was packed when we got there.  I wasn't expecting otherwise since the airport terminals seemed crazy.  My boss and I quickly grabbed two spots at the high tables, trying to figure out what do order so we can get in and out pretty quick.  

Took a while for the waitress to get to us.  Given how busy the place was, I can't really blame her as I am pretty sure she had to cover a lot of customers.  We told her we are in a very tight schedule so we asked to try to get the orders to us quickly, and she did just that.  I thought something fried would come out quick so I went with Chicken Fingers with Fries.  It was nothing special than chicken fingers being served in any places else.  But it does came with three different sauces which made it interesting.  

Well, I can't speak much about the food, but the service was pretty good.  If I had more time, I can see my self sitting at the bar, relaxing while having a few beers.  After all, the place seemed pretty nice with lots of TVs all around.  The beer also came out quick so that made my trip less stressful.
Service was great but I was a but deceived. I ordered the crabby fries THINKING it would be like a crab pretzel. Nope, no crab. No crab nuffin. They are fries with Baltimore's Best Old Bay Seasoning. #whomp. 

I know folks from and now living in Philly, once they heard where I was, I was told to get up & walkout. I should have taken that advice.
Very....so-so.

Ordered some beer, crab fries, mussels and my work colleague ordered a sandwich.

Beer was good and cold.  Service was spotty (it was a busy afternoon granted), I got the combo sweet potato and crabfries which were "meh". Not bad, but not as highly touted as it seemed to be.  

Mussels in the white sauce was ok, and the sandwich I was told was terrible.

All in all, a decent option to kill a few hours at the airport as there are lots of tv's and a good selection of brews.  However would be far from my first choice for a meal or any form of sustenance.  Prices were ok for airport food though.
Nobody makes hard shell crab sauce like Chickie's & Pete's. Nobody makes hot shrimp in that sauce like Chickie's & Pete's. This airport location is a part of this famous Philadelphia based chain. I believe that there are 3 locations at PHL alone. I went to the one at Terminal A across from A22. Service can be spotty depending on how busy this place gets. The food never disappoints me. The menu also features traditional Philadelphia dishes however this restaurant chain is well known for its seafood. Whenever I am in Philadelphia then I make it a point to stop at one of Chickie's & Pete's locations (Airport or City) right after landing.
Drauh was so lovely they were closing and she still served me.
I got to the airport lounge late and they were about to close but she still was so friendly and served me anyway.
Very nice people and service!
Does the real Chickie's & Pete's know that these people are abusing their name and reputation?  What a sad way to represent a Philadelphia institution to the rest of the traveling world.  Let's start with the grumpy servers who make a point of ignoring customers... I understand if you're busy (which this place was not) but at least give me an "I'll be right with you," don't pretend I'm invisible.  My shrimp remoulade was clearly taken out of the fridge and microwaved for a minute; even the plate had cold spots.  My dining companion had equally little love for his gross, soggy cheesesteak.  The only bright spot was the crab fries.  So, so sad.
My friend and I were walking out of our gate when we saw this place. It seemed promising with all of its giant posters and banners with their awards and their beautiful restaurant so we decided to walk in and sit. There was one other customer there when we first got in and many, many servers and waiters but no one bothered to even look at us. We had to wait a bit of time to get the servers attention to just get some water and order some food. I wasn't feeling anything bready so I decided to get some hot shrimp. The hot shrimp was pretty good, I was told that it was a pick and peel shrimp and I was completely ok with it. I wish that the shrimp held most of the flavor from the oil, but I had to continuously dip the shrimp in the oil and the cocktail sauce to get any flavor. It was good flavor... when I got some. My friend had their blue cheese chicken cheesesteak. Unfortunately, this was a complete loss. The cheese sauce did nothing to mask how dry the whole sandwich was. She had to drink multiple cups of water just to be able to finish half of the sandwich. The winner winner here were their famous crab fries. We decided to get their mix and wow... I'm so happy we did. The cheese sauce was so good with the regular fries and their cinnamon sweet potatoe fries with their warm maple syrup sauce... HEAVEN! I would only ONLY come here for the fries as a snack and head back out.
Flight delay and we were craving Crabfries. Several tables available but all were dirty. Sat down and waited. A young girl attempted to clean our table with a wet napkin. Is that legal? 

Finally get menus. We order the Crabfries, a cheeseburger for the kid and 3 sodas. Our pregnant waitress brought our drinks and we wait, and wait, and wait some more. Finally we get the Crabfries. Hot, crispy, well seasoned. This is why the 2 stars. The cheese sauce to dip, well it's another story. That cheese had a funk to it. A funk that made it inedible. Remember we still haven't received my son's burger. My husband asks. It's on it's way we are told. After about 10 minutes it finally arrives. At first glance it was perfect. Bun fresh and shiny, green leaf lettuce fresh. First bite told another story. That burger had the texture and taste of being microwaved. The gray Patty was void of any seasoning. It reminded me of a elementary school cafeteria's attempt at a burger. My eleven year old said it was the worst burger he'd ever had.

We love Chickie's and Pete's but lately food and service has gone downhill and that makes me sad!
Once we arrived at the Philadelphia airport we were hungry. This airport is massive with lots of food options however it is very dirty so finding a good food choice was challenging. We noticed Chickie's and Pete's was busy so we thought must be decent food and the tables were clean. We were sat right away and our server put orders in within a reasonable time. I ordered the Philly style roast beef and we shared fries. She brought the food our very quick but didn't get our drinks for awhile. The food was hot and tasted good. Social distancing and table space is terrible and we had to sit next to some other patrons who were loud and disruptive. I liked our server and food but I think I more disappointed in the airports uncleanliness and bad social distancing.
Same as before, super over-crowded, but up a star as they have Goose Island's Bourbon County Stout on tap! Yep, worth a full star upgrade!
Surprisingly good mimosa. Grabbing breakfast and drinks while waiting for our flight. So happy to see this place! It's a Philly institution for good reason. The Bordentown breakfast sandwich is pork roll-tastic!
When in Philadelphia airport and looking for a cheesesteak this is one option.

I would rank the cheesesteak as pretty average and the cajun fries good (but way too large of an order) and I just guess I was expecting something truly spectacular for Philadelphia.

Not bad, not great, but a decent cheesesteak that will be better than most plane food.
we were going to wait for someone to take our order, but we ran short on time. 

our flight wasn't for another 90 minutes.
Chickie's and Pete's was the just the spot I needed to chill before my flights. Looking for great Philadelphia beers, Chickie's does it right with plenty of Yard's and Dogfish to satisfy.

Huge U-shaped bar allows you to contemplate alone (aka stare at your phone) or chat with neighbors.  Friendly bartender.  Lots of nicnacs, pictures, and empty booze bottles for guests to admire.

Next time I'm going to get a Bloody Mary, which sounded so good since they use special crabby fries flavors, and the crabby fries.   Then I will probably have to run a marathon to work it off.
I love Chickie's but this quick serve window stinks. 

My wife's south Philly cheesesteak was soggy and seemed almost watery 
My turkey wrap was obviously made in the morning (not good for a dinner meal) 
My sons chicken tenders weren't half bad! 
The $2.50 for the fountain beverage isn't bad but no refills? Had I sat down in the restaurant with my screaming baby and rambunctious toddler I would have been given a refill, come on man! 

40$ later we were both wanting the chicken tenders our toddler was devouring.
Yes I was one of those irrate customers that was super angry at 6am when I strolled in to get a mimosa before my flight to Cali. I understand it's probably a state law of some sort.. but why not post signs stating you don't serve alcohol until 7? I seriously wouldn't have stopped in there had I known that. But instead I felt bad and ordered an expensive and under enthused pork roll, egg, and cheese sandwich. And it took too long. There were about four of us in the bar. Most people with just drinks-- having cokes. I didn't even know where the waitress was the first ten minutes I was there. 

Overall, eh.
Terrible service at the bar. Took a while to even get a beer menu, and that was all I got- no food menu, no drink/wine menu. I eventually asked the girl seated next to me if I could look at her food menu, because even after I got a beer I was never asked if I wanted to order food, which I did. After looking at her menu I sat for a good 20 minutes with the food menu in front of me ready to order something, but was never given the option. Finally when the bartender served someone else in my vicinity I told him to just close my tab, and went elsewhere. The bar looks nice and has TV'S and charging stations, although I will say too bright for my liking. Overall this was definitely a disappointing experience especially because two different people had told me to try the food here, so I really wanted to. Oh well, maybe next time.
We stopped into Chickie and Pete's before flying out and seems like a popular spot to stop and have a beer. The walls are covered in pictures of celebrities and sports figures. 

Guess I'm not the only one who likes a beer or cocktail before flying. ;)

We order two Yuengling's on Tap, oldest beer in the United States. I find out AFTER we leave that this is the place for Crab Fries. Waaaaahhhhh, my bad.
Not sure what the 3 stars and bad reviews are all about.  I think it's a great place.  Love the Bloody Mary and crab fries.
Chickie's and Pete's is one of few bar areas in terminal C of the Philadelphia International Airport.  I, tired and cranky after an exhausting business trip to Philly, decided to grab a beer at the bar while waiting for my flight back to RDU to board.  It took several minutes of my attempting to make eye contact with the bartender before she actually spoke to me.  The bar was neither empty, nor packed.

I ordered an Amstel Light and it tasted strange.  Now, I realize Amstel Light is not a particularly good beer, but it has a skunky taste that is easily recognizable.  This tasted like watered down apple juice or, like Miller Lite, to be specific.  I didn't argue or request a new drink.  The bartender did not speak to me or look at me again so, when she finally saw me, my hand raised in her direction, I just asked for the bill, which confirmed my suspicions that I had just paid $9.25 (plus tax and tip) for a Miller Lite.

I didn't eat the food because 1) I imagine it is neither good, nor vegetarian-friendly, and 2) because the bartender never brought me a menu (and didn't give me the opportunity to ask for one).

But they did have some killer '80s pop playing (extra star!) and, again, it is in a convenient location.  Meh. I've experienced better.
As we were boarding our plane going to Las Vegas,  the pilot ordered everyone off the plane!  He said due to the weather in Vegas, only one runway was open and we were in what was a ground stoppage.  He said we could wait on the plane tarmac and hope to take off or we could wait in the terminal.  Needless to say, everyone bolted to the bar waiting for the later boarding.  Unfortunately, I wasn't fast enough to snag a seat at the bar or any of the other tables!  So, I had to stand for 1 hour to get a table!
Really, they deserve a 1/2 star.

Ordered the roast pork sandwich and crab fries.  The roast pork sandwich is supposed to be hot, but it was cold.  Further, the bun was not cut all the way through so I essentially had to rip it (plastic cutlery is not particularly effective.)  I told my server the sandwich was not hot.  She returns it with attitude and clearly the entire basket was thrown in the microwave.  The pickles were hot and so were the hot peppers.  I simply asked for fresh pickles and peppers.  The peppers I got were obviously from the bottom of the jar, all stems, seeds, and pith.  The sandwich is served with a side of greasy-looking dipping juice.  Had it been prepared correctly, I bet this sandwich would be an "average sandwich at an airport."

I am giving the crab fries a half star.  Though they are frozen, they were right out of the fryer, crisp and not soggy in any way and seasoned well with Bay.  The accompanying sauce is some flavorless white cheese sauce, and you get two.  The serving is huge ($6) and you cannot get half an order.  I ate about 10.

The server was busy, obviously they are understaffed.  Poor management, I suppose.  I had to stand up to get her attention to pay my bill since I needed to catch a flight.  She sucked too.  Poor attitude.  Don't take it out on the customers, lady.

Next time I am at this terminal, I will be Dionne Warwick and Walk On By.
If you can, I highly recommend that you do not eat here.  Well... you can, but it may be disappointing depending on what your expectations are.  I thought it would be decent after reading the reviews, but I was still left feeling like I was ripped off.  The crab fries seem to be what drew me in.  I had never had or heard of crab fries.  It was huge, and expensive... and just fries with cheese sauce... mediocre cheese sauce.  

The BF and I shared a sandwich too, it was decent.  Perhaps I would not be so depressed about this place if we just stuck with the sandwich... 

Ok.. so you can try it... just don't get the overpriced fries with cheese sauce.  It is nothing to write home about.
Let's get one thing straight.... YOU ARE IN AN AIRPORT!!!  a million pissy people, usually delayed, and just plain miserable.  That said:

This place was awesome!!  Better than the fast food places, you can actually sit down and enjoy a few brews before your flight.   The young gentleman (adorable as ever) did his best to shuffle around the busy floor  to make sure everyone was taken care of.   

Once I moved to the bar (my flight was delayed 5 hours and leaving at 1am) the bartender was very nice. She was very friendly and chatty.  

The food was delicious and the beer was cold. What more can you ask for?
Your bartender thinks she's the seat nazi-

So I'm here at the airport for four hours by myself and I decide to check this place out.  I get in line and wait to be seated.  The bartender greets the group in front of me. Looks directly at me and then greets the couple behind me.  UM? That's rude.

The couple behind me doesn't want to eat there and leaves to get sushi.  
I say, "Um I'm a party of one can I be seated at the bar?" 
She says, "I saw you, but he is in a wheelchair so I'm greeting him first." 

"And he's leaving so Excuse me? That's rude, not just to me but to him as well."
I have a very close friend who has been in a wheelchair since we were 17, his number one complaint about how people treat him is when they baby him with special treatment.

Then the bartender proceeded to condescend to me and speak down to me, like she was on some power trip, please you're a bartender at an airport.

I said, " I don't need this from you, I'm leaving"
Her sarcastic response, "Bye thanks for leaving..."

Instead of sitting me at the bar, getting me a menu and let me rack up a bill for the next four hours, your power trippin' bartender with the short jacked-up at-home-dye job hair color, let a customer walk out annoyed enough to write this.

While I may not be in a wheelchair I am a disabled veteran. 

Bye Felicia-
I would describe the Philly airport as a slightly less bad version of a hell-hole. That said, we ended up at C&Ps just before a flight to London. I wasn't particularly hungry but decided to eat here, rather than the airplane food. 

Make no mistake, this place is not healthy, classy, or anything inbetween. We, however, had a pretty good experience here! Our waiter was super fast and friendly and for those that like salty, cheesy goodness - the crab fries are for you! I hate seafood - Dont worry, no crabs were harmed in the making of the cheese fries. 

I'll admit, the Chicken Parm sandwich wasn't great. It was too big to pick up and eat and they only give you plastic cutlery which can be frusturating. That said, the prices for food are pretty reasonable, whereas they get almost 10 dollars for a large Blue Moon. 

Do your best disgusting-greasy-salty-self a favour and just get a basket of cheese fries with a cheap beer. Go on you fat knacker... you know you want to. Fat Mac would approve.
I was flying through PHL this morning at 7 AM and was walking down to the Delta Sky Club in Terminal D... As I got closer I noticed the sign for C&P and thought "Hmmmm...a chicken biscuit might be good." But as I stopped I began to notice signs that spoke of Crab fries. I wondered exactly what they were. I walked up to the counter and shortly thereafter I was greeted by Suzie and Ann Marie. I wasn't ready to place my order. I was kind of confused because I came for a chicken biscuit and shortly realized Chickie's & Pete's was not a chicken joint but something much more special. Crab fries? Sweet fries? Philly Cheesesteak with eggs for breakfast? What was this place? Ann Marie came back over and offered help. She asked me if I was good. I asked her if she could explain to me what crab fries were and what were some of the best things on the menu. She begin to give me the run down and then she mentioned that I wasn't limited to the breakfast menu... If I had enough time I could order ANYTHING on the menu! Wow! There were so many options, I was torn between what I hear are their world famous spicy peel and eat shrimp, (I didn' t want to do that because honestly I haven't had a better batch of spicy peel n eat shrimp with broth anywhere in the world outside of Killer Shrimp in LA.) Maybe a crab cake? Ann Marie said they were good. THEN, I settled in on something I thought sounded so ridiculous a Lobster Cheesesteak. It's almost $19 and it was only 7 AM but hey, I was in Philly and at Chickie's & Pete's and they had like a million Zagat awards on the wall. How could I go wrong?  A generous portion of those famous crabby fries along with their famous white cheese sauce and I was set. About 15 minutes later Ann Marie called me up to grab my To Go bag. I asked her if I could eat it inside the restaurant, "Of course!" She replied. I sat down opened the box and was somewhat confused. What I thought would be a roll full of lobster and cheese was an ACTUAL philly cheesesteak topped with perfectly tender and seasoned chunks of lobster. A little drizzle of more cheesesauce and I took my first bite. OMG! What the heck! I couldn't believe it. I looked over at Ann Marie and Suzie and they could see my shock and bliss. "I know!" They both chimed as we all laughed. I told them I'd never tasted anything like it or been so confused and delighted at the same time. Half my sandwich and several bites of fries and it was time for me to make the trek to catch my flight. I'd honestly planned on tossing the rest of my sandwich and being satisfied knowing I'd experienced C&P but that did not happen. I carefully and lovingly wrapped the remainder of my sandwich to go where I will finish it in the comfort of my own home and maybe share a bite or two with my husband. If you should find yourself in PHL airport or just have a thing for delicious cheesesteaks you should definitely check out Chickie's &  Pete's. GREAT food, amazing Customer Service and a Full Bar. I'll definitely be back!
since the flight is delayed we decided to start ahead with some fun. mimosa is made perfect for me
Not too bad for an airport joint and chain...even though it's local it's still a chain.  Roasted pork sandwich was pretty good although I'm personally not a fan of the cheese sauce on pork. Barkeep asked me if I wanted provolone or American cheese and it ended up with the cheese sauce.
After a rough start of not having a waiter, then being laughed at by the bartender when I attempted to order food at the bar, this was an A-OK experience. The bartender quickly realized his error, and our missing server, and came to our table to take our order. Then, our server appeared to bring us our drinks and subsequent food. 

The philly cheesesteak was OK. I didn't expect too much from airport food, but seeing all the awards they've won for their local locations (not in the airport), I'm hoping the food is better at their proper locations. The cheese sauce on the side was delicious! Our food also came with a side of fries so huge that my husband and I shared them with the table next to us (it's close quarters in there!) because there was no way we'd finish them on our own. The fries were quite delicious as well, and I'm usually pretty indifferent to fries. Drinks and food were served quickly.

Place seems to get packed, so plan accordingly as they don't seem to have a hostess or system to managing the crowds of people waiting. Looks like they do takeout which could be an easy option.
We had a flight on Saturday, July 29th. We came pretty early at around 4PM so we decided to get some drinks. I sat down at the bar with the boyfriend for at least 10 minutes and not 1 person acknowledge us. A lady came and sat near us and in less then 20 seconds a guy came and gave her a menu and said someone would be with her. I looked at him in disbelief. Did he not see me and my boyfriend sitting there?!?! He looked at me and said oh sorry someone will be with us. A guy sitting several seats away said "I've been sitting here for 20 minutes now and I'm still waiting to get served." Not only there was tons and tons of dirty cups where I was sitting and the lack of service, we decided to leave and go to Sky Bistro instead. Where I sat at the bar and a nice pretty waitress came over and greeted us and I got a drink in less then 5 minutes.
We were waiting for a transit flight to Paris and it was like 4 hours before our plane was to board so we were looking for a place that would provide some R&R before a long trip. We stumbled upon this humble bar looking for some bar food. there was no wait at the time so we went inside.

The first thing you'll notice is that they have a very generous beer list. We were bruised from a previous experience for airport food so we were very hesitant to try something here. But all around us people were ordering food and drinks and really enjoying themselves. We went ahead and ordered the fries since this was what was heavily advertised when you walked in. We ordered the savory and sweet fries combo and went ahead and decided to try the food as well.

Philly cheese and chicken parm were what we got and were actually pretty good! Service was superb and the fries turned out to be pretty good too (although I think the sweet fries were MUCH better than the savory... savory was wayyy too salty). All in all actually very good for airport food. After we sat down there was a line out the door down the hallway. If you're looking for a place to grab a bite or drink this is your place!
This is an east coast restaurant chain in the Philadelphia area. I was reluctant to eat here but was pleasantly surprised by the food. 
I had breakfast at this location and quite enjoyed my meal.
The cheesesteak was decent, it was the breakfast option with scrambled eggs. It came out fresh and piping hot with a side of delectable fries. Honestly I would eat here again just for the fries. 
Food was good, service was friendly and fast.
Maybe...the worst managed airport restaurant in the world. We fly to/from Philadelphia a lot. Once in a while we decide to frustrate ourselves at this place. Truly horrible service and the reason I give it an extra star is the food is good - if - you can ever find service, and if you get service you may or may not get your food, and if you get your food good luck in getting your check. In a nutshell: IF YOU HAVE LESS THAN AN HOUR TO GET YOUR FLIGHT DON'T GO HERE.
We had some time to kill before a flight, so we decided to grab lunch at Chickie's and Pete's, since it looked like we could grab a drink at the same time. Yeah, it was crowded and noisy, but that's a sports bar for you, isn't it? Oh yeah, it's free seating, too, so beware if you have a large party. Since it's an airport, people are gonna have lots of luggage, so watch your step, too.

I'd been dying to try a lobster roll, so we grabbed one of those, plus some mussels marinara and, of course, their famous crab fries. I wasn't expecting much--it is an airport restaurant, after all--but I was pleasantly surprised! It was my first lobster roll, so I didn't have much to compare it against, but there is nothing like a mouthful sweet, fluffy lobster that you don't have to wrestle with a lobster cracker and tough shell for. Plus, it's bathed in a light, creamy sauce and sandwiched between two pieces of buttery bread. Mmm. The marinara sauce with the mussels kind of tasted like it came from a can, but the mussels themselves were well-cooked and they gave us a lot for the price. Of course, you either love C&P's crab fries or you hate them, but that Old Bay-esque seasoning keeps me reaching for them, plus the cheesy sauce. That and a few beers, and you'll be set for your flight!
Chickie's and Pete's at the Philadelphia Airport. A quandary. You are stuck at an airport during mealtime. Hours from your next "real" restaurant opportunity. Do you go with what you know or take a risk on an airport version of a local place?  Teagan and I wanted Philly Cheesesteaks so without exploring more we chose Chickie's and Pete's. 

There was only a single person behind the counter and she was hustling. She finished the order before us and took ours. Then she started cooking. Everything we had was prepared to order right in front of us. Quick enough. 

The Crabbie Fries are AMAZING!!!!  Crinkle cuts fries cooked just right and sprinkled in Old Bay seasoning, or something just like it, served with a side of cheese sauce. We gobbled them up quick, wiping the last of the cheese sauce out of the cup with our fingers. 

The cheesesteaks are okay. The bread was fresh and tasty and soft. The meat was fresh and cooked to order. The peppers and mushrooms needed more time on the grill to impart some flavor. The balance of cheese to meat was off. (I needed more cheese). 

There are seats next to the counter to get out of the airport fray. Still loud and busy but better than sitting at the gate trying to eat a cheesesteak off my lap. 

It was a tasty meal, reasonably priced at an airport. Shocking. Check it out.
Chickie and Pete's is a restaurant that is located within Philadelphia's airport. The stigma with airport food is that it isn't supposed to really be that good, and this establishment definitely backs up that stereotype. 

Being in Philadelphia for a few hours, I hoped that maybe I could get a good cheesesteak while in the airport. In an airport I shouldn't have probably expected that, but I still was hoping for my tastebuds to have a positive experience. Unfortunately, they did not. The consistency of the cheese was very weird and runny, and the sandwich as a whole just tasted horrible! I can get a cheesesteak 100 times better in North Carolina than what this establishment had to offer. 

The only reason I can give Chickie and Pete's 2 stars is because of the atmosphere. It is a nice place to sit, and there are plenty of televisions around the bar. The wait staff was also fairly nice, but they didn't have incredible service. 

The bottom line is, unfortunately, if you're looking for good food then this isn't the place for you.
I usually stop by this place to grab a bite whenever I'm flying through the Philly airport. It's conveniently located soon after you get through security and it has a large bar and plenty of seating. I'm not a fan of their sandwiches or their soup from past visits, but on this visit I had the Field Greens Salad with chicken added and the pecans on the side. The salad was actually quite good and I liked the apple cider vinaigrette dressing that came with it. Minus 2 stars because the food in general on my previous visits was just OK and even when you dine in they only serve you water in plastic cups and also only have plastic "silverware".
Pete Ciarrocchi's family restaurant has been a huge Philly success since the mid-70's and long-time fans know them for their blue claw hard shell crabs, crab cakes, peel n' eat steamed spiced shrimp, chowder, and all sorts of terrific sandwiches, pizzas, burgers, and the classic Philly cheesesteaks. Chickie's and Pete's is said to have invented Crabfries which are crinkle-cut French fries covered in a special blend of Old Bay seasoning and some secret stuff, and served with a cheese dipping sauce.

For out-of-town visitors you can find a mini version of Chickie's and Pete's inside the Philadelphia International Airport right at the entrance to Terminal E, and that's a great place to stop for lunch before a flight home. Unfortunately you can't sit there and snarf down a bushel of hard shell blue crabs, but you will find many of the popular sandwiches, soups, and salads on the airport menu.

Since most people are pressed for time at the airport the hands-down favorite is the traditional Philly cheesesteak made with thinly-sliced beef sirloin and served with creamy cheese sauce on top. You can order your cheesesteak "wit" any combination of grilled onions, peppers, and mushrooms. The sandwich is served in a basket on a long "hoagie roll" which is soft in the center, and has a bite of crunch on the outside.

If you're with a group of people then I'd suggest ordering a basket of the Crabfries, but if you're by yourself you'll never finish the basket plus your sandwich. Chickie's and Pete's airport menu has Cheesesteaks, sandwiches, wraps, soups and salads, along with limited choices for shrimps, mussels, and crab entrees.  

Chickie's and Pete's is a nice place to stop as you're passing through the airport, or killing time while you wait for your flight.
We had an hour, and though we weren't hungry, we could all use a drink.  So five of us looked for space together, aided by the friendly patrons at the bar and the friendly bartenders.  Candace was our bartender and she was great, bringing us water, offering samples of the beers that we had questions about, and generally being helpful.

I tried the Crabby Ale brewed specifically to go with Crab Fries.  I ended up going for that.  After a few minutes, we ordered some crab fries to share between 3 and she brought us three separate cups of the cheese sauce.  Fries were crisp and covered in in-house crab seasoning (not Old Bay) with a nice little kick at the end.

Not a bad spot if you've got time to kill before your flight.
I woke up at 5AM (4AM central time...) and drove to Tweed Airport in New Haven. I kissed Aunty goodbye as the sun rose, and boarded a dual propellor plane for Philadelphia. On the inbound trip, I had used the last 30% of my Iphone battery reading bad yelp reviews of the Philadelphia International Airport (PHL). People really hate it. It didn't give me any problems. On the trip back home to Chicago, I used another chunk of Iphone battery to read reviews of Chickie's and Pete's. People love Chickie's and Pete's, and for good reason.

I found myself apologizing to the pregnant bartender for eating a full size Philly cheesesteak and large order of crab fries at 8AM. There may or may not have been marijuana involved. I inhaled the cheesesteak, pausing only to rotate in nibbles of the pickled jalapenos and pickles served on the side. The sesame seed roll is light and savory, the perfect wrapper for rich beef and tangy white cheese sauce. There was more of the cheese sauce on the side with the Old Bay seasoned crab fries. I didn't care what time it was, or that I was in the Philadelphia Airport: I was in heaven.
Fries were $7 which is too high and way too much for one person.

The hot shrimp were good but not spicy and the sauce was tasteless. I spent $18 for shrimp and fries which was overpriced. The lady at the counter acted as if she had better things to do.
Usually my go-to PHL Airport meal is Chipotle, but I think it's time to mix things up. Had the hot roast beef to-go before my flight today and it was fantastic. Despite the temp being a little cool since I waited until I could eat it on the plane while I watched Ground Hog Day, I was still overly satisfied. Came with roasted peppers and grilled onions, dipped in provolone cheesy sauce. No complaints, de-licious. 

The guy who was taking orders was also very friendly! Will be coming back!
No.

It's not even that my beer was $9 (it was a tall).  They're supposedly street-priced, or whatever, and I might be too accustomed to Chapel Hill prices.

It's that when I ordered my turkey wrap, I was asked if I wanted fries.  I said okay, not realizing I wasn't getting a small side of fries, but a $6 glob of fries.  The waitress did not make any distinction clear (she only asked if I wanted fries, not that there was some major extra charge to said fries), and I only found out after I looked at the bill.  $1 or $2 is one thing, but $6?  One would expect that if you're going to ask if I want fries with a meal, that it would mean that it would be a side, and that the extra amount wouldn't be that significant.  Sadly, that's my mistake, so I just dealt with it.

Sad thing is, the fries were probably the best part of the entire meal (they were peppered).  As others have mentioned, the food comes out almost immediately, meaning that it's all just kind of sitting there (and ruining the ability to read or watch TV aimlessly while waiting). The turkey wrap was flavorless and monotonous.  I only ate about half of that (and a little bit of my glob of fries). 

The whole thing came to $24 with tax.

Go to Sbarro if you want food.  The service here is underwhelming, and the food isn't that good.
I dont know how anyone could give this less than five stars. Samantha was an incredibly fun, friendly and accomplished bartender.  

The crab nachos were sublime.  Fresh chips. Tons of good, lump blue crab with no annoying shells. Old Bay. Fresh chopped red pepper and onion.  Balanced cheese sauce with a pleasant hint of mustard.  And, wait for it...fresh, spicy, baby arugula!  Shit the front door!  

Looking forward to coming back. 

Great place on a Saturday morning, and more than happy to put Villanova basketball on. Go Cats!  Go Chickie & Pete's!
Yum!
A chicken cheesesteak and crab fries before my flight, in a quiet atmosphere with plenty of TVs.

Service was good, and attentive.
Seat yourself, someone brings you a menu, pick your choice, and wait about 15 minutes for your yummy food to come out.

Great idea to have one at PHL!
This places doesn't do everything great but for an airport they do a lot better than most places here so I'm eating them on that scale. The beer is cold and hey have large drafts of some great local brews. Also make sure to get the crab fries when here, either he regular or the mixed as they never disappoint. I also love the lobster tails!

Don't get the cheesesteak ... There are only some authentic cheesesteaks in philly and chickies and Petes is not it. Closest you'll get in the airport is heading to tony likes in terminal F. Enjoy!
Arrived here about 2 hours before my flight. It was around 1 pm on Sunday afternoon.  I took one of the last seats available. I noticed the woman next to me was sitting there with a menu but nothing else. She said she'd been there for 10 minutes already and wondered if she should go to the bar to order. She tried. She was told by a very curt female wait person that she'd be right there. 

I start timing.. 10 minutes later and there's still nothing.  An older, heavier set guy comes out of the back and starts telling people to do things.  Again, the girl next to me goes to the bar to try to order, the guy over hears and tells one of his staff to go and take the order... and notes I don't have a menu, he tells the barstaff to give me one. A patron ends up giving me one. 

The guy comes over and offers us the apology that it's shift change and foot ball and apparently everything goes to hell right about then.  Just then, the waiter who doesn't even smile or even look interested in taking our order does just that. First hers, then mine. The food comes out in less than 2 minutes - which is why it's a 2 star vs a 1, because the food was super fast and good. 

We waited - after we were finished - for our checks too... and waited, when it finally came I aid my bill with 2 twenties, my total a little over $22. the waiter asked if I wanted change. YES. Nothing here deserves a nearly 100% tip. 

TLDR: Slow, unenthusiastic, unfriendly service.  Good food. The fries were amazing with cheese sauce.
Great place to wait for a flight.  Crab fries are great, but portions are huge.  I prefer the hot shrimp w the very good bread they give you to dip in the sauce.  Bartender's are very friendly and get you drinks quickly.  Always sports on TV.  Food comes quick and check out is quick.
Bought $25 worth of food and beverages (Turkey Wrap, Fried Mozzarella, and two bottle of water for just myself) - got it to go, for I didn't know how long it would take - so I wanted to play it safe.

Food delivered, I had 3 minutes until boarding - so I took a seat to eat, for the place was empty.

Immediately a waiter comes over and says "You got a to go order, Sir.  This seating is reserved for dine in only!".

Really?  $25 for food, gave a $5 tip, so I spent $30 - this place was completely empty - and you want to kick me out?

Fine - I will no longer get my food from here nor any Chickie's and Pete's establishments.  Poor form.
Frequent flights from Philly-Boston for school via Southwest = frequent stops in Chickie's and Pete's. E is usually a less crowded terminal, and I will admit that I'll still show up early just so I can stop for a beer and crab fries! I mean, they're that good. Obviously, you'll probably have a better experience at the Packer Ave location when a game is on, but it's perfect for a quick fix. PLUS, it's a great way to kill time when you're Southwest flight will most likely be delayed!!!!
So maybe this isn't the greatest in the world when it comes to airport food.  Their service isn't the best.  The fruit was soggy and a bit plasticy.  They're over-priced.  But that cheese sauce they serve with the fries is to die for!  I would fly through the Philly airport again just for this little taste of cheesy heaven!
When it comes to airport bars, and I've been in MANY, they all have the same overpriced beer and food. Being in Philly, I got the cheese steak, sweet peppers and onion. It was adequate. Beer was cold. 

Tanya is the key element that sets this place way above others: friendly to all, detail oriented, followup is amazing. Attractive in every way, she adds stars to any establishment.
Complete waste of money .
#1: why are they called crab fries if they have not a drop of crab in them? 
#2: I highly doubt they are actually "famous fries" but okay I believe youuu *wink nudge*
#3: never been so unimpressed with chicken tenders I mean "chicken cutlets" in my life.
I went into this with my expectations set as high as the price. Fries: $6 chicken: $9
I've been robbed
Ordered:
- Fat tire & angry orchard - yay!
- Cheesesteak - Sad!
All-in-all, mediocre experience at best.
I know it's an airport restaurant, but the least they could do is staff enough employees so that customers could pay bills more quickly. 
Looked like 3 of us had to start boarding but server was nowhere around for us to pay our tabs.
Cutting it close, I was considering throwing money behind the bar & running off to board. 
No bueno!
Terrible terrible awful customer service. 

I ordered a Red Bull from the bar. The bartender tells me they don't sell it. I'm literally looking at two empty cans on the bar and watched him just make a drink with Red Bull. He tells me he won't sell it to me. Rather than argue I left. There was obviously more to his reasoning for not selling it to me but I'll just leave that there. I will not be back and don't bother with this place.
There are actually two Chickie and Pete's at PHL, one in the International Terminal, one in Terminal C.   I know this because we ate at both (on two different legs of our trip).

The cheesesteaks are decent enough, and probably the best thing apart from the beer that you can order.  Crabfries (which have nothing to do with crab) come almost instantly, yet manage to be relatively fresh.  I attribute this to high turnover.

On our first visit, I was impressed with the chicken strips my daughter ordered.  Not so on the 2nd visit.

Other sandwiches are clearly prepackage and right out of the celophane wrap.

Service?  With around 8 visible waitstaff, the service manages to be pretty abysmal.  I don't mind if they are hurried, after all, passengers are usually on a tight schedule, but get some manners.  Or is being impolite a "feature" of Philadelphia?
Picture it:  Philadelphia, 2019.  A weary young traveler who is not even remotely Sicilian finds herself alone, hungry, and with hours to spend before her next flight.  The terminal by her flight has the mundane Starbucks, some sort of fast food, but really is that appropriate for a brunch on limited sleep?  No, she said (in her head, because even in the age of Bluetooth it's not socially acceptable to talk to yourself in public), there must be another option!  Then, in the corner, lo, so expansive it took up both sides of the walkway, was Chickie's and Pete's!  Despite the early hour, the very kind bartender took my order for mac and cheese balls and a burger.  The mac and cheese balls were really hot, so let them cool, but they were cheesey and crunchy.  The burger was exactly what you would expect from an overpriced airport burger, which is absolutely fine because sometimes surprises are terrible.  They also provided an overabundance of pickle slices with said burger, which is not my personal cup of tea but may speak to someone else.
OK...I have a lay over in Philly. Two hour wait, excited to be going to Italy and eating all the pasta I can handle. I must first have my last American meal before going. When in Philly indulge in the cultural phenomonon called a cheese steak. I had a local experince with one of these little beauties,  http://www.yelp.com/biz/joeys-famous-philly-cheesesteaks-trenton#hrid:2uZh-dku02_iHRGrLV8HVQ/src:self, and I wasn't that impressed. So I wanted to give it another try along with a couple of beers. 
The cheesesteak I had was with onions and cheese, better known as wit and wiz....the cheese was a creamy white color not the usual orange cheese wiz with fries and a couple of america's famous Coors. The cheesesteak was steamy hot and the fries were hot. This was a pretty good sandwich, just not the best. It sat in my stomach for the eight hour flight like a rock. Unfortunately the cheese effected me and caused a gastomonic anomoly. Thank God for those overhead blowers on an airplane.
The worst service, food, and drinks I have ever received.  I know it's in an airport but if you put your name on it you own it and this place sucks. Our bartender was so drunk she could barely speak. Our chicken wings were cold. This place is the worst.  Save your money.
Keeping in mind this is an airport restaurant I did not have high hopes.  Kinda figured it would be like a food court at a mall. ( which I avoid).  I have to say...I was very surprised just how good and fresh my food was!  I thought it was reasonably priced too.   I ordered a chicken cheesesteak and a side salad.  My salad was fresh, nicely cut, and even came with the fries on top!  Haha!  Nice touch.  I enjoyed!   The chicken cheese steak was generous, chopped just the way a good philly steak should be, and the cheese on on was perfect!  The bread was fresh too...which we all know is key.  I started to give 4 stars and switched to 5.  They deserve it!  Service was fast too.  I stopped here for breakfast last trip and that was very good also.  There are two Chickie and Pete's in the airport that I passed.  I stopped at the one in gate E near virgin airline gate.
TERRIBLE service. Servers eating while we wait for refills, dirty plates, etc. while manager and other servers just ignore the situation. Good food but just awful service....
while waiting for an international flight I was hungry
hungry enough to eat greasy fries
yes
I saw the place was packed but head on in 
there is a big table in the center for you to grab a tall seat
waitress was there in an minute I ordered ice tea and crab fries
they arrived very quickly 
thought I think by the taste of my fries they were just fries and not crab fries
but they were crispy and hot came with a tasty cheese sauce for dipping
I came based on others reviews I would return
OMG...this place was amazing!!!!  and not for obvious reasons...people keep talking about the fries (I forget the exact name but it's the one they're famous for)...they were ok...not fantastic...the sauce was good but I wish they have sprinkled more of the seasoning on it...
The highlight of my meal was the crab cake sandwich...which my server suggested...I was mulling over the menu and asked for her opinion on the crab cakes, the philly and the philly with lobster...she said that the crab cakes are more pricey and you get just the same amount as the sandwich, of course the philly is the obvious choice but if you're craving seafood...not exactly the winner...and she mentioned that the lobster one is kind of dry so you might want to add butter...hmmm...decisions decisions...so I decided to go with my gut...I chose the crab cake sandwich...
WOWZERS...it was a huge crab cake...the roll it was served on was the perfect compliment and the sauce was tasty...OMG...I was so full that I didn't finish my fries...
all in all...it was a great meal...and all for under $20
I have never been to the original location.  I just stopped here during a lay over in PHL.  It's find your own seating.  I got really lucky and was able to find a table after navigating windy, narrow, luggage-riddled aisles.  The walls are tiled w/ pictures of the owner w/ celebrities and athletes.

I ordered the South Philly Style Cheesesteak w/ roasted red peppers and creamy cheese sauce.  Very messy.  Very rich.  Very good.  The meat was not too fatty which can sometimes happen w/ cheap cheese steaks.  The fries are krinkle cut but deep fried and crispy.  Very, very salty fries but still good.

It took a while for the server to come by and I was waiting for refills a couple times but she was stretched too thin in general.  The place was packed and there weren't enough servers for patrons ratio wise so you have to take that into account.  Took a while to get my check.  

Even though the service was slow, the food was very good.  If I have to go through PHL again in this terminal, I'd come back.
Good option for food if your at terminal D in the Philadelphia airport. 

I split the fries with my husband. They had a very nice seasoning, came out super hot and crunchy and really liked the mild cheese sauce that came with it. 

My husband also got the fried shrimp and really like those. He kept saying how good this food was. 

Cocktails were good (around $9 each for the ones we choose) 

Total bill was $41 before tip for a basket of fries, fried shrimp, and two cocktails. Not bad if you remember your at an airport and prices are going to be higher. 

I'm deducting a star for inconsistency and lack of attention with service. It took me forever to get our waitresses attention at multiple points. We weren't in that much of a rush but if we were, not being able to get my check quickly would be an issue.
Absolutely the worst wrap ever!!! The wrap was soggy and the lettuce is old and wilted... Do yourself a favor, skip this place!
Contender for worst breakfast meal ever. Uncooked bacon, burnt eggs and dirty water all in one lovely meal. One star only because you can't go negative. 

Do yourself a favor and dig through the garbage for a better meal.
Well, Chickie's and Pete's, I was catching a flight to Toronto in 2 hours and was starving. I guess you really didn't need my business because the Ignorant waitress gave me shit for moving the bar stool because Other inconsiderate assholes have to take up 2 seats. 1 for their fat ass and 1 for their carry on bag. But That's OK, Right? 
Instead of asking people to only occupy 1 seat, which would allow More business for you, this witch has to single Me out in front of other customers. 
Honestly, I would have spent about $65.00 plus tip but you lost me as a customer and I will Never come back. 
I have family and friends in Philly and travel here quite often and your food Is good bit I can get dinner Anywhere! Remember that next time you embarrass a hungry traveler.
I'm being polite... i would normally have given one star.  First, expectations are a bit low when you eat at the airport as they know they have a captive audience.  However, it was empty when I got there at 1130a.  Sat at the bar.... tick tick tick... about 5 minutes later I ask if I sat in a closed area.  Nope... it will just be a minute.  Order the cheesesteak and fries at the suggestion of the waitress.  Had a tough time getting a soda refill, had to flag them down.  Then the fries come out first.  Almost like someone ordered them and didn't want them.  Then 3 minutes later the sandwich.  Fries were not really hot and not really all that great.  Cheesesteak was subpar for Philly.  I've had the good ones.  This is not good.  I've had a better cheesesteak in Cleveland.  WTF???
And, for the pleasure of being disappointed at the airport, I get a $21 lunch tab.  No thank you....
One of the best restaurants at the Philadelphia airport IMHO. C&P has a generous beer selection to please the pickiest beer snob like myself. We ordered the crab cake sandwich paired with crabby sweets.
Two words - CRAB FRIES with amazing cheese sauce, well worth the visit. The place is just like any other Chickie's and Pete's. The prices are pretty standard and they are not trying to rip you off because you are at the airport. The staff was friendly and the food came out pretty quickly. I got a glass of Riesling to go with my awesome fries. Nice place to kill a few hours before your flight!
Had to try this Philly spot. It wasn't bad. Better than fast food. I had the chicken salad with some crab fries on top. The fries were cold but at least I got to try them without having to order a whole order of them. I think the flavored spice they use is really salty. Did it fill my tummy before I got on my long plane ride, yes. Would I eat there again if there were other options around, no. Decent place, lots of alcoholic options, service was good and nice.
Lets be real here.. This is a restaurant in an Airport not a fancy hot spot in downtown Philly so for that being said..  Philly cheesesteak was good not great although the crab fries were awesome. Beer was cold and selection was decent and prices were somewhat good for being an airport. Overall not a bad place to waste an hour or 2 while waiting for your flight.
This place is awful. I have come here twice now while waiting for my flights and both time the service has been poor and the food is stomach turning. Not to mention that is comes out within about 5 minutes. That is concerning. 
I also had a glass of pinot grigio here and I am the further thing from a wine snob but whatever this was it was awful.
I wish this area of the airport had more options!
