During a return trip to Philadelphia for business, one of my associates suggested this sports bar for an after work watering hole.  This time, instead of having the luxury of staying in Downtown Philadelphia near the Reading Terminal Market, I was "holed up" in a long-term stay hotel up in the Northeast area of Philadelphia and was assigned a vehicle.  I noticed that this sports bar was located relatively close to my hotel so I felt "safe" to drive the short distance at night by myself.

I had never heard of Chickie & Pete's before but my dear Philly work counterpart, Linda, mentioned that C & P is a "Crab House".  Man, that sealed the deal for me!  This location is huge as it has 2 large bar areas, lots of flat screen televisions with different sports playing to accommodate all sports lovers and an exterior covered patio and deck.  When we walked in, this place was rocking with folks cheering a football game.  The place was packed and very energetic.

Our waitress was attentive and amazed me with her ability to balance all the large dishes while weaving her way from kitchen to table.  She gave us a few minutes to peruse the menus while she went to get our "Crabby Mary" cocktails.  Woo!  The seasoning that rimmed the glass was their signature crab seasoning and it sure kicked up this drink and prepared our taste buds for what was to come.

I let Linda do the ordering and the feast began!  

-Mussels in Red Sauce:  That bowl was huge and overflow with perfectly cooked and tender mussels.  The red sauce was thick, garlicky and clung onto the mussels.  There was a generous sprinkle of grated cheese.  It came with fresh bread that we used to sop up the sauce until the bowl was emptied and dry.  I was full but the rest of the order showed up.

-Crab Fries:  crinkle-cut fries seasoned with C&P Signature seasoning.  Very addicting and paired well with a delicious dipping sauce.

-Crab, crab and more crab.... I THINK we had King crab legs, a whole Dungeness and Snow crab legs. Each crab dish came with bread for dipping, er, sopping up the delicious sauce. 

Darn, I was so full I felt like I was seeing crab from behind my eyes.  Plus, talk about getting down and dirty... There is NO WAY to eat shellfish daintily.  Lucky me, I had laundry service included with my hotel stay and made sure that I wore a dark colored outfit just in case of any spills or squirts.  I should have taken a picture of our emptied dishes and the shells as Linda and the server remarked that the shells were stacked so neatly and sucked clean!  

For a local chain restaurant, I was happy with their quality, quantity and flavors.  I don't remember the cost as Linda picked up the tab but she did say that it was a good value.

#515
OK, why exactly did I even consider dining here? Well, here's the setup. A friend and I were enjoying some cigars at Holts in the Northeast. He was getting hungry and I have no idea where or what to eat in the area, and truthfully, I don't care to. It was suggested we go to Chickie's and Pete's and we just HAD to have the crab fries. I've heard of these before and figured OK, let's give it a go. What a monumental err in judgement on my part. 

So we arrive around 4ish. There is maybe a dozen or so people there. Where does the hostess decide to attempt to sit us? In a little 2 top table, in the corner, next to a man and his daughter who was toiling away on her iPad oblivious to her surroundings. Not that we mind being next to people, but there was litterally no room for us to sit there anyway. You have a virtually EMPTY restaurant. Why the shit would you even consider sitting us there? So, strike one. 

The waitress was quick to come over and get our drinks. She, honestly, was the best part of the experience. Very prompt, courteous, and pleasant which was appreciated. She asked for our order and I got the crab fries and, in one of my lesser moments in decision making, a "lobster" topped cheesesteak. Yeah, you heard me. What the fuckity fuck was I seriously fucking thinking. 

So, the fries come out quick. And surprisingly they were fresh, which took me by surprise since I figured they just had mounds of them sitting under heatlamps. Maybe we got lucky and a batch just came out. Now, about these things. Honestly, what is the big deal? They're those Ore Ida style wavy fries, completely doused in what can only be described as an Old Bay ripoff, with a side of some sort of melted white cheese. No clue what kind, tasted like american, but who knows. Anyway, they were OK, but after awhile they just get old. And the salt. Holy shit. My blood pressure is still through the roof a day later. 

And, no more than 10 minutes after the fries arrived, the "lobster" topped cheesesteak came out. Right away I realized that I should have just taken the $13 dollars this abomination cost, and given it to a hobo who could use it to buy some high quality crack cocaine. Saying this sandwich was awful is being kind. I don't know what I was hoping for. Maybe a fresh roll, meat that hasn't been sitting in a pile for hours until all the juice and flavor are completely gone, and some actual pieces of "lobster" on top as I asked for. My first bite was a painful, scowl inducing test of human fortitude. Subsequent bites were equally as rough. I feel I should be given a fucking reward for finishing more than half of this shitstorm of a meal. 

Seriously people. What the fuck are you thinking saying that this place is so great? The McCheesesteak from McDonalds was more of a culinary delight. Gotta hand it two the owners. They know what the lemmings want . Now, I'm off to figure out what I can put Old Bay on to make myself millions....I wonder how it will take to rhubarb?
So after my experience last weekend a major star deduction is in order.  My mom made reservations for 7 people for my dad's birthday on Saturday night. Although we showed up on time, the table wasn't ready for another fifteen minutes. Then we get to the table, and it wasn't big enough for all of us.  The table was crammed into the corner and only had six seats, which was tight enough to begin with. The staff tried adding another seat but that just wasn't happening. When my mom asked for a new table, the hostess said, "I'm just doing what I'm told." So someone told her to sit seven people in six chairs? Doubtful.
So then we were seated on lawn furniture on the patio, which alarmingly had an overwhelming smell of natural gas. Worrisome indeed.  After we were haphazardly sat in two tables pushed against each other, the hostess tells us we will probably have to find a new place to sit in an hour since a party was coming in.  Wtf, were we not a party? 
On top of this poorly received game of musical chairs, the food wasn't nearly as good as I'm used to from Chickie's. The crab fries were barely seasoned, the buffalo chicken fingers barely had any sauce on them, and the pizza was soggy.  Definitely a subpar night from Chickie's :-/
I really don't "get" this place. I do have some sort of connection to it other than living in the NE. Both my niece and nephew have worked here (and the one at Parx). When they expanded the upstairs at the original, my father and I were hired by Pete to do the hardwood floors. Hell, we did the floors @ Pete's house and his brother's, too. I, unlike a lot of people, don't have a beef with Pete. I envy and look up for him for turning a ho-hum corner bar into a extremely $uccessful regional chain of ho-hum bars. He's the quintessential self-promoter.

This location is always too busy. Too crowded. Wait times on the weekends are 60 to 90 minutes, easy. Not worth the wait.

The crab fries are nothing more than frozen crinkled fries sprinkled with Old Bay. *yawn* The cajun fries at the Grey Lodge Pub are so much better... fresh cut, too, not frozen Or-Ida crap.

The crabs, well, they do ship them in relatively fresh, but I'm all about driving to Maryland for crabs caught the same day, not airlifted from the Gulf.

The mussels are HUGE. If you know anything about mussels, you know that bigger is NOT better. And, mussels in marinara is boring as hell. How about a beer based broth, Pete?

Their beer selection sucks. The usual macro-swill and I believe their best sellers are Miller Lite and Yuengling Lager in bottles. Blah.

Chicken parm sandwich is always dry. The cheesesteak is choked down with melted American. Barely edible. The rest of the menu is a slight notch above anything you'd find at chains like Applebee's.

Just proof that my fellow NE Philadelphians have low expectations, no taste buds and are quite happy and simple about that.
Chickies and Petes is one of those places where I think I really want to go (mostly because I'm craving the crab fries) but then I always leave somewhat disappointed. 
The crab fries, as always, were delicious and the best part of the meal. The rest left somewhat to be desired. The hot shrimp has significantly shrunk in portion size (but not price) over the years, though it still has a nice flavor. We had to ask for the bread accompaniment to soak up the yummy (but perhaps too salty?) sauce the shrimp comes in. 
We ordered the buffalo cutlets with blue cheese, but I would not call what they came in "buffalo sauce". It was somewhat tangy and sweet. Not what I had in mind. 
The cheese steak nachos sounded amazing but left us very disappointed. Lacking flavor, seasoning, and presentation. Same with the lobster roll. The lobster did seem real, which was surprising, but the flavor was just not there. I only tasted celery. And for $20, I'm expecting some really yummy lobster. 
One very pleasant surprise for our meal, however, is that they now do dessert! The chocolate bar jar was really quite good, and the slice of ice cream cake was humongous.
Chickies is like that kid from childhood who became famous and forgets who you are because they think they are too cool.

I have have been going to chickies for the past 12 years. Once upon a time you could go there and get nice, hot, fresh, quality food. But not anymore. This place has been on a downward slide since they became famous and starting opening places on every corner like Wawa. The menu is just obnoxious anymore. There is no focus and it just seems like they just want to put crab fries on something and see if it will be popular. Honestly who wants crab fries on their salad. I know its a sports bar and your going to get sports bar food but ive seen better quality food from immigrants operating a broken down van from 1965. 

So this place is suppose to be the best sports bar in Philadelphia. I think it might be the most expensive place to get a miller lite in the city of Philadelphia. That is all this place really even serves is crappy light beer and your generic American crap. The best beer they have is Sam Adams. Now i am not asking for them to get the most expensive beer in the world but Philadelphia is starting to put itself on the map in the beer scene, especially with plenty of quality brewery's  in the immediate area. It would be nice if Philadelphia's best sports bar maybe serve a couple of them to support the little guy and not the foreign a-holes brewing Bud in Europe.

Well i made a huge mistake and decided to go back yet another time a couple days ago after watching a rugby game. It was my mom and I on a nice afternoon so i was hoping for a nice time. The best part of the whole meal was the server. She was very busy but i always had a full glass of beer and my mom always had a full soda. That is all servers really do in this place though. Servers take orders and drop off drinks. The food runners do the rest of the work. We decided to split an order of crab fries for our app. It might have been the worst order i ever had. I could tell that the fries have been cooked at least 2 or 3 times because they were broken apart to mini pieces, extremely fragile, and dry. This would not have been that huge of a problem if they fries had some size to them and i could dip them in the cold cheese sauce without covering my whole hand in American cheese. So far not so good.

For the second course of the meal my mom got the Italian chicken sandwich and i got a buffalo chicken sandwich and the mussels red. The Italian chicken sandwich is nothing but two or three cold chicken fingers on a stale roll topped with melted provolone and a pound of canned roasted red peppers. The buffalo chicken sandwich is quite similar. Cold chicken tossed in bland buffalo sauce on a stale roll. Enough said. For the mussels i was really disappointed. They use to be my favorite thing on the menu especially with the red sauce but something has happened to the recipe because now it only tastes like canned crushed tomatoes with a bunch of garlic and bay leaves. I was not real happy with this dish because the sauce was terrible and the mussels were chewy. 

Now this is not an isolated review. I am not out to bash this place but I have had similar experiences plenty of times and now i am just fed up with this place. Pete if you decide to read this review please go back to the old concept your mother had which if you forgot was just serving good bar food to people you actually care about. Stop treating people like they are numbers and not customers. We all know its a business but you sold out and all you care about is money and not making people happy. Instead of spending all your time on TV and the radio maybe you should visit your restaurants and do some quality control. It was not that long ago that you only had two locations with a smaller version of your current menu and the food was good for bar food. You don't need anything gourmet here, just simple good and hot bar food. 

Hopefully one day i can re-review and give you 5 stars like i would have about 6 years ago. Until then i will most likely never be back.
They aren't what they used to be...

Their quality of food has significantly fallen over the past years and most recently hasn't impressed me in the least. When they first began conducting business you could expect to get a nice fulfilling meal but their portion sizes aren't anything to speak of nowadays. Not to mention that their service was just as much of a challenge. Our waitress was very preoccupied and inattentive to our table. She kept us waiting for 45 minutes before she even took our order !  At one point she even forgot that we ordered our entrees !!

I truly believe that Chickie's and Pete's has fallen out of favor and is just not worth my business. 

-NT
If I could give less than 1 star I would, which is disappointing because my other Yelp reviews are all very positive. Unfortunately I have literally nothing positive to say about this experience.

After waiting 15 minutes for a round of drinks, which had been sitting at the bar for a while as evident by the beer glasses being an inch less than full since head had completely diminished, I ordered a white lobster pizza. 1 bite and I know with certainty that the meat on this pizza isn't lobster. See attached photo. It's shrimp. I've been fishing and shellfishing for 25 years, I'm also on a bodybuilder diet 8 months a year and eat endless amount of seafood. No chance this is lobster meat.

I asked my server if we got the right pizza, giving the benefit of the doubt that it was just a mix up and maybe the restaurant also had a shrimp pizza. Erin (worlds worst waitress) insisted it was lobster and noted that several other people have said the same thing.  Instead of asking if I wanted something else she slid a dessert menu under the pie plate and walked away. Even if we had wanted dessert it was a lost cause because she didn't return to the table for another 10 minutes. 

I pulled the chunks of meat off the pizza and when she returned, asked her to tell me which part of the lobster it came from. She blankly stared at me because apparently this Pennsylvania girl has no idea. I expressed my concern that other patrons have noted this issue in the past and recommended that she escalate the issue to her floor manager since it was likely the kitchen was cheeping out.

This arrogant dick shows up at my table another 10 minutes later, looms over the table with both fists planted on the table and just says "You have a problem." I asked if the waitress gave him and context, and proceeded to explain. He cut me off mid sentence and insisted that it was lobster, again unable to identify if it was tail or claw meat. I asked if the kitchen was receiving whole/live lobsters and he said they were getting lobster meat from a vendor. I asked to have the vendor name since he was trying to dissociate blame on them instead of being accountable for his own restaurant. He refused to give me the vendor name and just said "I have to stand behind my product". 

Well, as a scientist with access to genomic coding implements, I took a few pieces of this mystery meat with me and am running samples this week to identify the meat. (Update to follow!) 

Upon confirmation that this is mis-marketed meat I'm considering pursuing further action. Anyone interested in a class action law suit, please message me!
I was wondering what all the talk was a out so I finally went for the first time and hated it! I had the buffalo cutlets (chicken fingers), I've had wayyy better. I also tried the pepperoni pizza, which is the best food item on the menu, which tasting anything else. I was really upset with the Empty Net alcoholic beverage (their take on the Long Island Ice tea), it costed me $9 and was basically a shot because how small it was! Disappointed is not even the word!
My review of this place may be a bit dated since the last time I visited they just expanded the place and everything was so cool and new.  This is a pretty cool sports bar that I enjoyed going to for their short ribs and crab fries.  At the time I visited they were always extremely packed so waiting a long period for drinks was the norm - but it had a cool upscale vibe and a great crowd that you didn't mind the wait.
Needless to say, this will be the last time we visit this establishment. I've been a returning customer of this company  for over 18 years and have tried every new establishment. It seems as though the more restaurants they open up, the worse it gets. Whereas the crab bisque and the pork was decent, nothing else was enjoyable. The fries were soggy and cold, the roast beef sandwich was dry and the wings weren't flavorful. My daughter ordered the Jumbo Lump crab cake and in the description it said two jumbo lump crab cakes for $12.99. She got her food last, and they were only lukewarm. It was also a plate with three scoops of crab cake and red peppers smothered in oil on the side. She didn't realize that it wasn't what she meant. After we got our check we were charged $21.95 for the crab cakes (that were so not worth that much!) When we confronted the waitress about it she rudely stated that she didn't order the crab cake sandwich which is the $12.99 one and walked away after her short response and not really an explanation at all. A good waitress would have explained when the customer was ordering that there were, in fact, two of the same items on the menu. We're usually good tippers, but she did not get a good tip. Waitresses with bad attitudes don't get good tips. 

Our bill was $101.79. For soggy fries, bad sandwiches and tiny crab cakes. They also charged us for each refill. Good thing they serve alcohol because anything tastes good when you've got a load on. We will not be returning.
For a famous as this local chain may be, we were very disappointed. BEWARE: I think there's MSG in the food. Food seemed extra salty. And our whole family complained of headaches that evening and next morning. Makes sense : salty foods incites more drinking. 

Calamari was a pitiful, pre-frozen, pre-fab, pre-fried, over breaded sorry excuse for an appetizer with a fried hot pepper on it and sauce. Blahick! My youngest daughter tried calamari for the first time and spit it out- TWICE!

Boneless wings were pre-fab tasteless meat with over salty sauce or rub. 

Crab nachos were ok, nice presentation but possibly imagination crab with a mustardy sauce. 

Good thing the crabby fries are your signature dish, but that's a sorry thing to hang a meal on!  

I expected better. No sure I'll be back.
Ate here not too long ago. Mediocre at best. The infamous crab fries are awful, I can make better ones from fresh potatoes. Typical bar food, except here it's overpriced. Service was ok at best. I certainly would not go out of my way to visit here or any other location.
Don't waste your money or your time going here. Many years ago, Chickie & Pete's original location at Frankford & Robbins was excellent. Service, food, the whole package. All locations now are frankly a rip off. This location especially sucks. Service is horrible, food is even worse. Over salted crap. Nothing tastes fresh; everything was previously frozen and then deep fried. No skill or consideration for the customers who are eating this garbage. Chickie & Pete's are totally coasting on their name and past reputation. I would only go here for a quick drink - but nothing else.
Chickies has OK food. But for the price the sandwiches It's about $10 for half the size of a sandwich you get at other places. 

What I Cant understand is how place and company like chickie and Petes that's been around for many years and don't have and options for a kids menu. So they charge you full price for a meal that everyone Knows that a 4 or 5 year old won't eat. 

I had buffalo chicken cutlet sandwich and came with blue cheese and celery and pickles. Was good with a seeded roll, And had crab fries with the cheese on the side. They also good. And fries you do get alot of so good for Atleast 2 people. 

I will never come back hear until they add menu for kids. It's a shame because this could very well be a good place for a family to enjoy a nice dinner at!!!
This place is the perfect sports environment. The crab fries are the best thing on the menu. You just haven't tried crab fries unless you've tried them from here. 

It gets crowded fast, mostly because of the many small tables. It feels like you are eating with the people at the table next to you. 

The crab legs are pricey for the amount you get. The clams are good. Dont go here expecting a full meal. I thought of it more as small things to nibble on. I'm sure its best for drinks during games. 

They have players for the Eagles there alot. They sometimes host a radio show so the players come to be on the show.
Shall I preface it with "I'm not from Philly" because I just don't get the appeal. Fries, grease, fat, and more fries. Salad with fries. Soup with fries. A side basket of fries! There's a reason there's an obesity epidemic, and it starts with this restaurant. 

Could be a matter of unmanaged expectations - our friend from Philly kept raving about this place, and we drove faaaaar out of our way to eat here. But with a bevy of fatty options, I wasn't feeling it. Ordered the clams, and over half the shells in our basket were empty. *Shell shock!* What a rip-off.

Then my poor daughter got wretchedly ill for four days after eating the seafood chowder. Yes, I can pinpoint it to this item, and it was miserable to see her so sick for so long.

I would never, ever, go back. Good thing, like I said, I'm not from Philly so it's not even an option.
Work lunch last month, and no crabs. Really? Then went back for dinner.  And guess what? No crabs. Come on. No, I do not want crab fries or frozen crab legs.  I wanted crabs. Blue Crabs.  Ok, they are seasonal.  I get that.  I went back.  I ordered crabs, dirty with old bay.  The waitress looked at me like I was from Mars.  That's not how we serve them, says she.  Can you ask if they will, says I.  Sniff and disappear, does she.  Walks by twice, then I ask again.  Okay.  Then they come out cleaned, garlic.  I send them back.  The crabs come back RINSED OFF.  Same crabs, I'm guessing.  Three strikes, you're out.
If I could give them 1/2 star I would. My friend and I ate there Thursday and we both got food poisoning. Beware dirty kitchen. I was up all night throwing up.

Beware Beware  eat at your own risk.
We dined here 6/16/17, it was at best, okay. 

Service was terrible from start to finish, no greeting at reception, we had to flag down an employee(  who just happened to be leaving) to find us a person to seat us. The waiter was no better, as we had to repeat each order carefully so he would take the order down correctly. When the food does come to the table, it's delivered by a robot type server, who just dumps it and bolts. I ask who is hiring this staff? And who is training them? Service was a joke.

The food: they are famous for 2 things: the mussels red & the crab fries. The mussels ARE terrific, try them and see, the fries? Just okay. We also had their famous Crabs and found them small and served with an oily sauce, very messy. When we asked for wet naps to clean up with after, we were told they had been discontinued and we directed to wash up at the sinks in the dining room, which we did and then we got out of there.

Dinner for 5 with drinks :$237.00 we thought this high and not a good value and would not return. 
At the very best, it's okay but you pay dearly for this sub-par food and ridiculous poor service.

I'd suggest you look for another joint as this place is not it.
I came here to pre-game before a wedding reception.

It was quite packed for midday Saturday, and there were many hilariously tall beer tower dispensers in use. The crowd was boisterous, many thanks to their fully stocked bar, no doubt.

Our bartender (Tara) was business-like and didn't seem nice at all. Friendly or not, I ordered four Irish car bombs to celebrate. I yelled thanks to Tara on the way out, and (surprisingly, or not) she gave us a sunny smile as we parted - if was more personable earlier, she would have gotten a more generous tip!
Chickie's & Pete's never disappoints. Crab fries are the must have. Restaurant was busy on Sunday afternoon but we were seated immediately. 

Waitress was very responsive and took our drink order and crab fries right away. Then we had to decide on which deliciousness to order. 

99% of the time i get the crab legs. Served with their seasoning can't be beat. But since this was a quasi lunch I decided on mussels white, served with bread for dipping and my son ordered a chicken cheesesteak. 

The only thing that irritates me about C&P is they don't time food for tables so it just comes out when it's done cooking. When ordering crab legs this is a bigger problem since they take much longer to cook than everything else, we usually postpone the rest of the ordering to try and get our food around the same time since crab legs take longer to eat on top of the longer cook time. 

Food was delicious as usual. The lobster pizza and the lobster cheesesteak are two more unbelievably delicious menu options. 

Would be 5 stars if they would at least try to time table times but it says right on the menu that they don't.
So I'm guilty.  I'm from the Northeast and have never been to the original Chickie's & Pete's.  Even though I hang out at the Grey Lodge around the corner all the time.  Don't know why.  But I do go to the C's&P's on the Boulevard on a regular basis, mainly with friends who drive down from Levittown (might explain why we don't go to the one in Mayfair).  Anyway, I love this place.  It's huge, noisy, filled with fun people and huge TV's, and the food is yummy.  I like getting a bowl of garlicky blue points or dungeness crabs or their mussels in red sauce.  And, of course, their crab fries (which, yes, don't actually have crab in them) are fantastic.  Old Bay, cheese, and potatoes - genius!  And where else can you get a tower of beer with a spigot on it for maximum beer consumption by a group?  This place rocks.

I like that they have an outdoor deck for when the weather is nice, and their strategically placed sinks mean you can wash off the seafood gook from your hands without missing a moment of the sporting events on television.  

In addition to the original location and the one on Packer Ave., they also have a stand inside Citizen's Bank Park, which only sells crab fries and beer.  Now, the fries are awesome, but they are $5.50 plus $1.50 for the cheese at the stadium (and who gets them without the cheese?).  So at $7 a pop, they are raking in the dough.  If you decide you want crab fries during a Phillies game, stand in line during the first inning b/c you'll be in line for a while.  I once stood in line for 2 whole innings before I got up to the front to get my fries.  This place is popular.  Actually, instead of tailgating, get inside the park early so you can get in line.  That way, you might actually get to watch some of the game after you get your fries.  And get more than one order if you're with a group or if you're sharing with someone because you'll eat the one order before you make it back to your seat.  Mm, crab fries.  I wish I had some now...
I'm not sure why I did this to myself. I ordered through uber eats today and we had it delivered. I haven't had Chickies in a long time so I figured why not. I ordered a cheesesteak with friend onions on a seeded roll. I didn't get the seeded roll nor did I get fried onions. My wife ordered the buffalo tender sandwich. It was so dry it was inedible, they looked like frozen tenders on a roll. Finally the crab fries. They were beyond salty and had so much old bay on them. While the sandwiches were hot, the fries weren't. For the prices he charges you get junk food and half sandwiches. I'm not sure I'll go back to Chickies or order from Uber eats again. Very disappointing.
Fun place.  I LOVE the crab fries!!    The sandwiches I've had there range from ok to good.  My friends like the seafood, and they definitely sell a lot of it.
Everytime I'm here, no matter how packed this place is, service is always quick and efficient. The longest I've had to wait for a table was about 15 minutes, but that was with a party of six.

I don't know about you, but I definitely love their snow crab legs. Succulent, steaming fresh out the kitchen, and tasty! I find the garlic sauce to be a bit overwhelming in taste and quite messy... so next time I will order my legs without the sauce (if I remember to!).

Their crab fries are always a fave. 
The wings? I find them to be on the salty side. I'll pass..
The cherry clams were definitely over-cooked... and extremely tiny!

For the most part, I like this place and definitely look forward to their crabs every time. Plus, it's always fun to drink from a beer tower :)
This place is the perfect sports environment. The crab fries are the best thing on the menu. You just haven't tried crab fries unless you've tried them from here. 

It gets crowded fast, mostly because of the many small tables. It feels like you are eating with the people at the table next to you. 

The crab legs are pricey for the amount you get. The clams are good. Dont go here expecting a full meal. I thought of it more as small things to nibble on. I'm sure its best for drinks during games. 

They have players for the Eagles there alot. They sometimes host a radio show so the players come to be on the show.
Chickie's is a Philadelphia staple. If you haven't been to Chickie's, you haven't been to Philadelphia. Their signature crab fries are A MUST with any visit to Chickie's. All of their other food is okay. Not the best bar food I've ever had, but great if you're looking for a quick bite that doesn't suck for the money.
Stopped by for lunch with my sister. The menu had a fair selection but noted that sandwiches were a la carte.  If you wanted French fries you have to order it separately.  But, the order (basket size) is enough for 2-3 people.

My sister and I opted to share a couple items:

The salads are large so we opted to share the Wild Green Salad with blue cheese, dried cranberries and pecans.  Even divided into 2 bowls, the size was pretty good sized and delicious.

We also shared the Mussels with garlicky spicey white wine sauce.  It too was very yummy.  The down side was that the mussels came out at the same time as the salad so it wasn't steaming hot by the time we ate it.  The sauce was so good that if I had more room in my stomach I might tried to drink it from the bowl.  LOL

We also each wanted to try a glass of Shiraz but they only had one glass left.  When asked how long the bottle has been opened, the waitress had no idea but honestly told us that they don't sell
That much wine.  They sell a lot of beer.  Before ordering 2 glasses of gnarly head Cabernet Sauvignon, I wanted our waitress to check how long the bottle had been sitting there.  Otherwise, we only wanted the wine if it was a fresh bottle.  The waitress returned with 2 glasses of wine from a freshly opened bottle.  We both were happy to hear they were willing to open a fresh bottle and enjoyed the wine.

Our server was very attentive and checked on us multiple times.  She also actually read my credit
Card asking for them to check for ID, which she did.  Unfortunately, we were so hungry that we forgot to take pictures of the food. :(
Came here on a Saturday early afternoon and ended up staying 6+ hours with a good group of friends.  Split the bill and came to about $45 for a great 1/2 day of food, drink, and good conversation.

I had mussels red sauce which was really good, and we all split the crab fries (nothing special for me) and chicken wings (which were quite tasty with some zing.)  Our waitress was very good and friendly.
Originally from the Northeast and as one who still worked there, I want to give a higher rating.  I mean, it is a pretty sweet option for the area.  However, it isn't quite up to par with its South Philly location and weaker than typically "city" bars.

Free parking - standard in the area, but difficult to come by at South Philly.
Solid lunch offerings - nothing will blow you away, but nothing that you'll regret.
Happy hour specials - wash your crab fries with a few drinks.
Plenty of TVs - catch whatever game you're looking to watch.
Clean & Friendly!
I'd love to give this place another star for good service and good drinks, but the food we had at dinner recently just wasn't good. Their crabcakes and remoulade sauce are extremely bland, and the shrimp that was on my basic romaine lettuce and tomato salad wasn't cleaned properly.  The crab fries are always good, but not enough to make me want to come back.  I go to Chickie's for dinner once every two-three years and each time I go, I am reminded of why I stay away.  
This place is great for snacks and drinks with friends, and a great place to watch sports, but if you're looking for a delicious  meal, go elsewhere (even if it's Applebees)
Nice place; however It was kind of crowded and I didn't love the fact that there were so many kids running around especially since I thought I was going to a bar! I would say it's more of a family restaurant.
I really loved that the food came out super fast.
My boyfriend ordered beer and he got to keep the cup - that was pretty neat - we can now go back for $2 refills! 
Overall we had a good experience, no complaints, would go again.
After my usual long drives to NYC i like to take the exit to bensalem and head towards Chickie's & Pete's for a nice cold beer and some crabs.
I usually never have to wait for a seat, and the host/hostess are very friendly. The service is excellent as well, i barely ever have to wait and look around for my server.

The beers are cold and theirs sports playing on the TV's what more can a man ask for?! The crabs are delicious, but the special sauce may be a little too much. next time ill try the regular crabs without the sauce and tell you guys how it is. 

Overall this place is excellent i love it and ill definitely be coming back whenever i can!
I was taken here 7-28 to have these famous crabfries. I got these to go and when opening up the cheese sauce lid inside was a roach (baby) floating dead inside the container. My theory is it was crawling in the black cup but iregarsless this was filthy and nasty. Please be aware if u do go eat look thru your food. I called the corporate and spoke to the manager *Lewis and he refunded my $$. He offered for me to get another order but I declined....Gross!
Chickie's has forgotten their roots as a good neighborhood spot. The food was just average. The bread on my cheesesteak was old and there was only enough meat to fill one half of the sandwich. What's the "serving style where everything comes out when it's ready" you ask. That's Chickie's letting you know they could care less about your dining experience.
Great place to go to for lunch, dinner or to just hangout with friends & more importantly watch any sports game! I was just here this past weekend for lunch and as always I get their famous crab fries which I LOVE!! Service was great and our waitress came right to our table and took of drink or right away & our crab fries came out right away as well. 

I ended up just ordering appetizers (mozzarella sticks, fried calamari, and BBQ wings) & everything came out right away & tasted great! I've also had their buffalo chicken cutlets and buffalo wings in the past which was also very good. They also have a different drink special everyday which is nice and they do offer beer towers! 

They have numerous bars here and outdoor seating is offered as well when its nice out. Every time I've been here I have had an awesome experience and it is defiantly a great place to go to watch any Philly sports game!!
This is the epitome of a great sports bar that has the potential to turn into a decent casual date night spot.  Being a Jersey native, I was surprised that Chickie & Pete's is so popular and yet has not come into NJ territory, and that their reputation actually does not extend the borderline either. Here's my breakdown of the place:

The Good:

1. The crab fries - yes everyoneee raves about them, it's for good reason. They are extra seasoned old bay fries with cheese dipping sauce and if you can finish a whole basket you will prolly die of cardiac arrest....get the fries.
2. Spicy shrimp - not very spicy, just also very garlic-y...plenty of large (unpeeled) shrimp to easily make a meal out of. Comes with bread for dipping into the garlic & cayenne pepper pool. Word of advice: do not order on a first date.

The Bad:

1. Lobster Pizza - you would think when you combine 2 amazing things like crab and pizza it would be heavenly...sadly it falls a bit short; especially considering all the seasoning they do on everything else. This is basically white pizza with generous chunks of lobster on it. I would order the spicy shrimp and dump some of the garlic sauce on top to make it perfect.
2. Crab bruchetta - it's like a bad crab salad on top of cold bread. Save the $10 for another round of beer instead.

The Ugly:

1. Mixed drink- Not only is the stuff on their drink menu really cheap on the alcohol, they are also about $10-12 a pop. PASS.
2. The "outside lounge" area - I know it's supposed to be a casual lounge, but the music sucks here on the weekends, it gets super crowded in the bar area for no good reason and the service thus becomes snail slow. Get a table and order drinks with a server instead as you bop to Brittany's Best hits.

Overall, I really like this place for a casual night out, happy hour, or to catch a game. But if you can't make it inside....just get the crab fries to go...seriously they are that addictive!
Went to this location of Chickie and Pete's after picking up brother and sister-in-law from the Philly Airport.

Let me say that I'm an insider and an outsider here. I have family in the area, and I know what is generally considered "good" by them. 

I'd never heard of Chickie and Pete's. I didn't know this was a flagship location. I literally Yelp'd lunch in the area, and this place was close by. 

We walked in and were instantly seated by a hostess. Our waitress came over and gave us a nice intro to what the place was about, and explained how our food would be delivered: When it's done, we bring it to the table.

They don't hold tickets at Chickie and Pete's, and I thought that was a unique plus, especially after having worked in a kitchen. Yes, the waitstaff runs a bit more, but the food shows up fresh.

My brother grabbed a beer, as did I. A belgian each.

Then we settled in on the menu. I was not prepared for the portion size we received. 

My sister-in-law ordered the mussels red. A plate full. My brother, a bleu cheese burger, or their approximation of that sandwich. Me, I ordered the boiled shrimp cocktail and some crab fries for the table.

It was all excellent, and out in under fifteen minutes.

My shrimp cocktail was so spicy, I didn't even bother with the cocktail sauce, as I normally would. Clean, excellent shrimp, without a vein (intestines) to be found. Still had to peel it. But hey, we're in a sports bar.

SIL's mussels hit next. My jaw dropped. For ~$12, she had a plate of mussels that the table combined could not finish. Really, it was stacked that high. Fresh tasting (although, mussels always are fishy tasting to me).

Finally, my brother's burger arrived. It was so big he couldn't finish. He ordered it Medium (or at least as close as they were able to deliver, by law). Excellent.

Now, for the infamous crab fries. Everybody seems to love these, but I'm just not that impressed. The cheese sauce is excellent, but there's just something it's not hitting.

Service was very good throughout, and at no time were our drinks unfilled. 

A note: We showed up on Saturday, during the pre-game shows. There was a hockey match on at the time, but it wasn't a Flyers game for maximum loudness and insanity.

It was loud  and getting crowded, but once again...IT'S A SPORTS BAR.

It's not a vegan, farm-to-table eatery.

It's not the Whole Foods cafeteria. 

It's not even listed as a heart healthy option.

If you want to watch sports and have healthy, unfried, or meat free menu options, then I suggest you order in, and invest in a big screen television and an audiophile quality sound system.

Chickie and Pete's is on my list to revisit. 

Give this location a shot, at least, when you're in the mood to watch a game, drink a beer and eat bar food.
Place was freezing 
Gross cheap frozen crap seafood
Slow service
Ugly decor
And a very high price tag 
I left feeling cheated and pissed off
This is an updated review as I visited Chickie's & Pete's Cafe once again last week during Super Bowl Sunday. Absolutely loved the service at the bar including bowls of Hot Shrimp which were perfect to my spicy tastes. There were also $2 drafts all day and that helped keep the alcohol bill down. This restaurant maintains consistency among their dishes and their type of food is matched by no one in the city. If you like sea food, especially shell fish, then this restaurant is the way to go.
I always found this chain to be extremely overhyped. I mean, yeah, the crabfries are good, but nothing amazing. You can make them at home yourself for God's sake! I've never had great experiences at these restaurants in general, but my last one was the weirdest. 

My friend and I went to this location about a month ago as a quick stop on our way to do some shopping. We thought we'd go before the dinner rush and be out pretty quickly. We got an older lady as a waitress. We had both said we were not in the mood for crab fries that night and just wanted to get sandwiches. I swear to you, this waitress WOULD NOT leave our table until we finally caved and ordered the crab fries. We are both kind of pushovers and were pretty taken aback by how pushy this waitress was. We ordered the crabfries but wouldn't eat them, as we had repeatedly said we didn't want any. Our sandwiches were good but we couldn't finish them. At the end we asked for boxes to take them and the rest of our sandwiches home, figuring we'd eat them later.

The waitress gave us one box to put our sandwiches in, and then she REACHED ACROSS ME, stuck her bare hand into our fry basket and started putting our fries in the other box handful by handful. It was just bizarre, and my friend and I were really uncomfortable. She then gave us the heating instructions for the fries and the sauces. I have issues with people touching my food when I don't know where their hands have been, and I never ate the fries. What a waste. I probably won't be going back there for a while.
I aways enjoy this establishment. The seafood here is above average and so is the wait staff. There crab legs are delicious. Your bill can ran up really fast as everything is per order. I love this place I hate the way I've heard they treat their eait staff
I really don't get the appeal of this place. I work close by and have had lunch here a bunch of times. I always thought it was so so. the sandwiches are pedestrian at best. Everyone raves about the crab fries, They are fine tasty enough but nothing to go on about. I don't think melting American cheese is some life changing experience. Recently, i was with a group of friends for a birthday party, we were close by so decided to go over for drinks /appetisers, the birthday girl's sister was with us, and she is only seventeen, everyone else was over thirty. The waiters and host would not let us in,even though we explained she would just be eating, and we were going to the restaurant section, after a litany of probably not's we asked to speak to the manager, explained that we have seen kids with their parents in the restaurant all the time, while parents order beers. just watch that Monday night live show. the manager said little kids, but not a teen ager. Then he asked the poignant question, are all of you(15) ordering food. Umm...yes. Bingo then i guess its OK, Jeesh, are they making up the rules as they go along. 
So we all sat down and ordered our share of overrated fries with old bay, and a horrible thing called cheese steak nachos, and decided we needed to plan better for next gathering.
Have been dragged to the various C&P's over the years - most recently because my dad really wanted to have the family get together there.

There is no less vegan-friendly place in Philadelphia that I can think of save for Pat's and Geno's. You can ask to hold the cheese on the veggie pizza but the sauce still contains cheese.

Basically the options are: crab fries (very good, and ironically are vegan and contain no crab) or a salad consisting of romaine lettuce, grape tomatoes, and crab fries. That salad sounds horrible, so just get the crab fries.

You will find more vegan options at most steakhouses.
The  crab fries alone get 10 stars.  

I didnt care for the roast beef sandwich, but the pizza, wings and buffalo shrimp where all good. Service is a-ok, prices are awesome. 

And the crab fries.  I crave the crab fries.
Not nearly as active as the original, but still a great restaurant in the area, owned and operated by Americans! Go for happy hour and get pizzas for $5!
Always a great atmosphere at Chickie's. Whether you are coming here to watch a game or just grab a bite it's usually always a good time. Favorites are the mussels in red sauce, buffalo cutlets, and of course crab fries. I really think it's impossible to come here and not order crab fries! I've also had the shellfish chowder which is very tasty. They have a $2.5 budlight draft special as well. Can't beat it. 

Our last visit here our waitress was Samantha and she was extremely attentive and sweet!
The mussels in the Red sauce is what I had. It was ok. Very soupy (I guess as expected). And of course I tried their famous crab fries which were ok, nothing to boast about in my opinion. The service was good at least.
Being a Philadelphia native I've had my fair share of going to Chickie's & Pete's. Bottom line, if you don't love their crab fries, are you really a Philadelphian? 
The atmosphere here is really cool, lots of philly sports memorable and pictures of all the local celebrities that have been here. Plenty of seating inside and a nice sized tent area. Depending on when you go it can get super crowded during weekend dinner rushes, and for a good reason. The food here is above average, personally you have to get the crab fries with cheese every time you go. They have good signature dishes that will satisfy you but some of there other menu options could use work and improvement. And their prices are steep for some items. But hey I get it, I'm going to order the crab fries every time so why not charge me too dollar for it? Still, cut us a break or a deal now and then and we'll come back more than ever.
My family and I got a beer tower the last time we went and it was well worth it if you have a group of 4 or more. Love me a ton of Blue Moon.
Bar is a great size and cool to look at, it's one of the first things that will grab your attention as soon as you walk in. 
Go Birds!
I have always loved chickies crabs but in the last few years the quality has declined so much so that I won't order them anymore. Don't get me wrong not all things are bad there but the crabs are't fresh, they're cold inside but the shells are piping hot. That would only happen if they were frozen. I ordered the hot peel and eat shrimp for take out, which should have been 12, but I received 5 1/2. And yes I actually received half of a shrimp. In addition to all that, the sauce isn't good anymore, I'm sure it has something to do with the crabs being frozen, which would cause the sauce to be watered down. Lastly, they used to give bread with the order but now they don't.
Chickie and Petes.

The first word that comes to my mind is Delicious. The second, EPIC.

Let's talk about the Crabs.
The King Crab legs are so good.
The garlic and butter seasoning is pure joy to my nostrils, tongue and stomach.
About 1LB of crab meat in every order. 
My taste buds don't speak english to describe how good and fresh the crab legs are. Simply amazing.

Crab fries.
Two words so simple, when I heard these words before I had no idea that they would change my life.

Delicious cut French fries in a crab seasoning so amazing that it can not be duplicated. (I've bought obey seasoning and tried making them my self. Silly me. Not even close!) served with this cheese sauce even more amazing than Phillys famous kraft cheese whiz. Must order.

Baby lobster tails with melted butter.
I'm about to explode like Key and Peele at the end their valet sketch.


Chicken wings are pretty good, but that's not why you are here. 

On the night of a Phillys game it is loud. Packed. Noisy a bunch of animals screaming at the television. Filthy carnivals.
But that's okay. Because you will blend right in eating like a caveman breaking crab legs and stuffing your face, realizing you was full 10 minutes ago, yet you continue to eat.
And eat you do!.

I know what your thinking, I'm crazy. Yes. Yes I am Crazy like a fox for this food.

I drive from New York City to Philadelphia just  to eat here some days. 

I hope you enjoy my review and most of all I hope you enjoy your food here. 

God bless
This was my 1st time here and I really liked it. Me and my boyfriend ordered crab fries, a chicken cheesesteak and a bacon cheeseburger. Crab fries came out really fast and they were amazing. We weren't aware that the sandwiches/burgers don't come with fries so by the time the food came out we already ate all of our crab fries. Next time we will definitely ask for our food to come out with the crab fries at the same time. They forgot to put bacon on my boyfriends "bacon cheeseburger" but we didn't send it back. He said the burger was "ok", my chicken cheesesteak was juicy and overall delicious. Service was fast. Prices a bit on the high end considering the food doesn't come with fries.
Does the owner still keep a percentage of your tips? food ok just fries with old bay season
The only thing this place has going for it is the atmosphere, and that's because of the patrons of the restaurant, not the staff.  The staff is among the most miserable people I've ever dealt with.  They're idiots, and they're rude.  They know they can afford to piss people off because they know someone else will come in and take their spot.  I never go there unless it's because a friend of mine likes to go there when he comes back to Philly.  This weekend I put our name in and was sent a text message saying 30-45 minutes, but was also told that unless my entire party was there I wouldn't be seated.  I was fine with that because they have a sign stating that, and that is completely fair.  However, when the rest of my party arrived it was too late for 2 so I changed it from 7-5, and was asked if my party was there, and I said yes.  The idiot old lady and another young girl both told me it would be 5 minutes that they were clearing a table.  30 minutes later I went and asked what's going on and the idiot old lady rudely says, "You have to have your entire party here", and I lost it and explained that just 30 minutes prior when she asked me I told her we were all there.  So then she starts going on that "when your whole party arrives your wait time starts over again and then I'm crazy if I think i'll be seated in 5 minutes on a saturday"  So I asked why would she tell me 5 minutes and she laughs saying I'm making it up.  So I said FUCK YOU get me a table.  She tried getting some guy to kick me out, and when i explained what was going on, he said just be careful what I say.  Then suddenly a table opened up for 5, and as usual the food wasn't that great.  The food there is mediocre at best.  Again, I never willingly go there on my own, but since a friend of mine and his wife like it I always go when they're home.  The atmosphere from the patrons, and the few on the staff who are friendly make up for the idiots.  Just watch what you get, because they spend cheaply on their food.  If you get a roast pork sandwich it's almost microwavable.  It's a half stale roll with cold Pork and some Provolone Cheese Spread.  You have to basically order idiot proof items.  2 people at my party ordered wings, and they were delivered in the same bowl.  2 orders in 1 bowl.  Their wings are OK, they're basically idiot proof, so they don't screw it up.  And there signature item which is easy to make at home is another idiot proof item.  They do taste good so I always order that.  I've basically come to grips that the best thing to order there is wings, and crab fries.  Before I was allergic to shell fish I used to go to the Robbins Ave location and eat Crabs, and shrimp and never once had a problem.  If you're in the NE and you want Chickies and Petes, try and go to the Robbins location.  It's also got a great atmosphere, and I don't ever recall running into any idiots on staff like the Blvd location.
The bar in this place is not a bad place to be on a WEEKNIGHT.  On the weekends it's a NIGHTMARE.  So crowded you can't breath.  On summer nights they have a bar outside under a tent.  On cool nights it's great, but on hotter and more humid nights head inside.

They used to have Karaoke night.  Not sure if that's still going on, but it was great!  Not that I was there to sing, but it was great watching everyone else do it.  There was this one white guy that would rap the same song ( don't ask what song I don't remember, but it was old school) every week.  It was hilarious!  On game nights this is a great place to be too

Come here for yes yes the infamous crab fries.  The fries aren't that special.  Shoe string with old bay, it's the cheese sauce that's good!  The mussels/clams in garlic sauce is really good too.
This is a review for my takeout order. 

I ordered the traditional pizza. It wasn't even remotely warm. It was super cold when I got it. The fries were soggy. And the wings were nothing special.

Food is slightly better when you sit in, but not anything special. The fries are overrated.
Crab fries. Seriously, you don't need anything else when you go there. I'm giving them four stars based on that singular, tasty, mouth wateringly awesome side quasi-main dish. 

My girlfriend loves their buffalo chicken cutlets, but it takes a moron to screw up chicken fingers. Lobster cheesesteak could definitely use a lot more lobster, and how it's lightly sprinkled on top causes the little itty bitty filet of the sea to fall out easily, thus causing the cheesesteak to have little to no lobsters per bite. Sammiches are a bit hard to handle, as they're messier than a stack of ribs smothered in a quart of bbq sauce, but I don't think they're all that great.

SRSLY THO, get the crab fries.
I don't care what anyone says, I love Chickie's.  I happen to be a huge fan of Old Bay, so that endears me to about 90% of their menu.  I have never had anything bad here.  From seafood, pizza, wings, sandwiches, and of course the delicious crab fries, everything always hits the spot.  If you are looking for health food, then a sports bar probably isn't the place to go.  But if you are looking for the best bar food around, look no further!
My favorite menu items are crab legs, crab fries and seafood chowder.  Wednesday nights are all you can eat crabs for $24.95.  That my friends is the best deal in town!!  
This particular location has amble seating both inside and out.  They also have a few large bars scattered throughout, that serve an extensive list of beer & other drinks.  
Whenever I am advising someone from out of the area when traveling to Philly, I always send them here.  It is quintessential Philly, but without the crappy touristy food.  I love my Chickie's!
We were supposed to meet friends here for dinner and drinks on a Friday night at 7:00.  I used uncharacteristically good judgment and suggested to my wife  that we get dinner somewhere else beforehand.  Good move... when we arrived at Chickie and Pete's at 8:30 our friends were still waiting for a table.  Some guests were waiting outside in drizzling rain.  The place was ridiculously packed.  No thanks.  We visited our friends for a few minutes and moved on.
PROS:  The crab legs, hot shrimp and crabfries are the anchors of this place.  No one beats them in these areas.  Also like the calamari.  Good sports atmosphere.  Sandwiches are ok, but nothing spectacular.  

CONS:  Overpriced drinks for the NE, but not as bad as Center City.  Wings are atrocious.  Hint: Copy off BW-3 (Buffalo Wild Wings) or PJ Whelihan's..
I love their crab fries !!! Always craving for them but definitely need the warm cheese to go along with it. Been to Chickes a lot and try many thing. Had an amazing experience today tho the food was on point and the service was great! Never really had a disappoint with them.
We stopped by this location to see our friend's band play out in the patio. We sat at the bar and it took almost 15 minutes to get menus and drinks. I mean, the place wasn't full and all the chairs weren't taken so I'm not sure why 2 bartenders couldn't handle the crowd. I did like that this location has drink specials. on Thursday nights it was $2 miller lites, $3 shock tops, and $4 tito's vodka drinks. I got the buffalo chicken tenders which are always delicious and we shared the combo fries. I prefer the South Philly Location.
I've been here many times before however I have noticed a decline in the quality and service.
The server was nice but kind of clueless.  USUALLY when you order an appetizer and meal, the appetizer comes out first (unless specified otherwise).  Nothing came out in the right sequence.   
As for the food, the sweet potatoe fries and breaded calamari were good (the dip for the fries was too sweet...I asked for a container of their cheese dip).  The "steamed" clams were cold and dry.
Also, the wine tasted like koolaid.  I realize that this is a Sports Bar and hence most people order beer, but I expected something a little better.
This location is always busy maybe that's why the hostess looked confused and lost when we came in on a Thursday. It was only two of us and she told us the wait time will be 45 minutes to an hour . When I looked over to my right I saw a dozen open small tables for two . I asked her if those are taken and she said - " oh, I guess you can sit there 

The server we had was horrible , the cocktails were less then average . 

Now to the food - the portions they have are ridiculously small!!
The shrimps and steamers were good . But fried calamari and oysters were below average. 
The clam chowder that ordered tasted like it could of come from a can 

The restaurant itself is extremely dirty - starting from the bathrooms to the sitting area
Chickie & Pete's is where all the Northeast Philladelphians of all ages go when attempting to be "fancy."  The bartenders think they are all the shit for working there and are a-holes.  The food is good, especially the crab fries.  Drinks are *expensive* for NE Philly.  

I just really don't dig the atmosphere at all.  It's all the same types of people just trying way too hard.  People don't really intermingle there either, it's usually a lot of big groups.  I'd rather drive the 15 minutes to the city and have a lot more options....especially if I'm going to pay $6 for a drink anyway.

Only go there if you're with a group, want crab fries, and plan on killing one of those beer towers they have.
Love the food here!  However. Did order a me drink and it was amazing so I ordered another one and I tasted completly different.  I don't usually send anything back but I couldn't even drink it, it was to sweet.  The waitress said it was probably a different bar tender that made the drink.  So I don't know what the drink was really suppose to taste like but the first one was amazing.  Also I witnessed a waiter pick a fry off of someone's plate and eat it and they were bring the food out of the kitchen to take to the table.  Other than that I love the food here!
This place is really good.  I went there for the first time only 2 weeks ago. everything i had was excellent. They also have a suprisingly good beer selection. crabs, shrimp,mussels, lobster, nachos, and killer crab fries.  all great. there is nothing intimite about the place, but,regardless....if you want to pig out, you will waddle out to you car smiling all the way.
The last time I was here 2 years ago it was a real nice establishment, tonight's experience was horrible. I'll never go back- prices went up and crab quality was poor, very soggy. Sinks and bathrooms dirty. The utensils were plastic and service was slow. They didn't even have bibs to protect your clothes anymore! The crowds weren't there so I'm thinking a lot of people feel as I do. Chickie and Pete you've gotten too big for your own good.
Wow...one thing Philly has that NY doesn't...CRAB FRIES!
I was really impressed with C&P, the place was huge, the food was great...the waitstaff was exceptionally friendly and the food came out super fast.  

I had the Buffalo chicken sandwich which was great and my friend had the lobster cheese steak (I will be getting that next time for sure)

Can't wait to go back...wonder if the staff will be as friendly if I'm wearing my Yankee shirt :)
I got bad mussels here 2 times beware and the same thing happen to me daughter I think they let the food spoil and serve it any way a good place for beer but don't eat here !!!!!!!!!!!!
Chickies and Pete's hosted our high school reunion last night. We chose to do the 3 hour open bar and food. From beginning of helping plan the reunion, the staff was very helpful. The food was served buffet style and the serving trays were never left empty. I was super excited about the cheese sauce being served with a ladle (I could drink their cheese sauce haha). The bartenders and waiters were great! We had a good time and I'm glad that we chose chickies to host our event.
Went yesterday with some friends for a late night bite. It had been years since I had been. Last time I went we tried as much as we could. As usual, I was not disappointed. I had the chicken parm and it was probably the best chicken parm sandwich I've ever had. Can't go there without having the fries and I also got a 4 way drink I think it's called (orange, pineapple, cranberry juice and a splash of lime soda). It was really refreshing. Everyone enjoyed their wings, shrimp, cheesesteaks and more. Definitely will return since it's so close to home!
Ah, Chickies and Petes: forget the Liberty Bell, THIS is a true Philadelphia Landmark. As its presence continues to reach to the stadiums and Jersey shore, its crab fries continue to warm my soul.  It gives me that homey Philly feeling, and who can complain about fries in a salad? Sounds like cheating, but oh so good. 

My final words of wisdom are: if you come here and refrain from indulging in the crab fries, you will never understand why Philadelphians' hearts and hungry stomachs soar at the mention of this revolutionary dish.
Went there this weekend and was very disappointed. The mussels are usually amazing--the broth so good you want to drink it. Not this weekend-they were so bland, no flavor at all and gritty! Seems like going there is always a crap shoot-I don't like those kind of surprises. I want consistency-not getting it there!! 
My husband had a roast beef and it had no flavor at all. Really small for the price and tasteless. Won't be going back.
"sunday brunch"---good food/great service--fantastic large crab legs,and all the breakfast trimmings--plus much more-a must to try!!!!!
I am seriously at a loss for all the bad reviews. I have always had excellent service and excellent food experiences from Chickie's. I LOVE their crab fries! They are the original crab fries and I laugh when I see other establishments trying to copy them. The only seafood I've had here is the shrimp and crabs so I can't personally speak for the mussels but I've dined with plenty of people who have had the mussels and have been pleased. One thing I will say is that I don't like their pizza and I don't recommend you get it. My nieces ordered it and couldn't finish it. I tried a bite and spit it back out. That is my ONLY negative. The place is always packed so they must be doing something right. This is a nice place to go watch the game with friends and have some good food good beer and good company.
Ugh. My run-ins with terrible service at CnP is really starting to get to me. At the location in S. Philly, my GF and I received almost no service while the table next to us were tended to like celebrities on a slow Sunday. Hardly anyone was there, but we felt as if we were left out of the party. Fuck you S Philly Chickie's, suck a nut.

And now at the NE place, a few friends had checked in on a busy Friday night waiting to be seated. We witnessed our buddy walk up to the counter and asked for a table. We proceeded to wait for the table to be called for 45 minutes. Forty-fucking-five minutes. All the while, people were being seated that we knew were not there nearly as long as we were. So, we ask. 'Oh, you never told us everyone was here.' 

FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU

I was ready to grab a bottle of piss [insert any light beer] and throw it at the bitch. We did confirm, in actuality, we did it twice. All for what? Some yummy bar food and beer? No. No more Chickie's for me. Ignore me while being served? Fine, I'll take my food slightly cooled, and leave a shit tip for lack of service. Switch out your blue-cheese dressing to something that tastes like mayo with itty-bitty chunks of mold? Whatevs, I'll bring my own. Completely remove me from the equation and leave me standing in that crowded, festering entrance like an asshole who's really, really hungry for almost an hour? Last straw, I'll traverse to Tony Lukes for my fatty greasy grub.

edit: I wrote this review weeks after the event. I guess I was more pissed than anticipated, because goddamn was that a rant.
To the disappointment of us all chickies at the airport needs a complete over haul lack of customer service and the over all lack of quality of the food they are serving leaves something to be desired on a 25 plus year old institution. Service should always come standard when it comes to chickies and petes, food should be piping hot and the beer ice cold and in clean glasses, the tables should be spotless since seafood leaves an odor behind if not wiped clean. Bartending staff should look clean and not dingy like you just came home from being out all night. A smile doesn't cost much. In my opinion if you cant do those things as a standard then don't work for the industry and hurt those that try to uphold an already established age old institution of Seafood and good vibes. I am veteran at chickies and this place simply put has disgust me to my core. they way they treat the customer and the lack of at least trying to make the food come out right and the lack of the effort in the kitchen was a total disgrace. I hope that this doesn't happen at any other chickies establishment. I have already left multiple comments on various leaderboards to no avail.
Way OVERRATED!!!   Cutlets are frozen, not fresh.  Crinkle cut Crab fries are frozen as well, not even fresh cut!  Prices are RIDICULOUS.  A FROZEN CRINKLE CUT FRY SPRINKLED WITH OLD BAY IS OUTRAGEOUS!!!  Avoid this place and go somewhere that is not hyped by the name and actually puts out a fresh product at a reasonable price!
This is my first time ever going and I really had a good time enjoying the food! First and foremost this place is really a seafood place so if you are not a seafood person this could be misleading!!! My girlfriend and I met up here and were seated right away.  The space was a bit small and when dishes came it was bit rough trying to get food.  We had the spicy shrimp in sauce, buffalo wings and the crab fries with cheese.  The shrimp was filling and they were jumbo shrimp! ! You have to peel the shrimp...the wings were really good and the fries were awesome!!! We had apple martinis made with tito ' s vodka and they were made very well..overall a very nice experience I am definitely a fan!
Mussel and clams not bad with good sauce. Problem wings very small with broken bones. second rate all the way. Pitcher of Bud $13.41 plus tax. For this we never return!
Chickie's & Pete's is a dope sports bar/restaurant combo. A frequented place for watching the latest Sixers or Eagles game. #Superbowl2018!!
Anyways, this place is known for their Crab Fries (aka crinkle cut fries drowned in old bay seasoning) coupled with their famous cheese sauce. Always a must have with my meal. I tend to pair them with a Lobster Cheesesteak because steal plus lobster meat ummmmm yasssssss. It'll come with their famous cheese sauce on top by default into always opt for provolone on my cheesesteaks personally....hey I'm a Philly gal by association . Definitely a good place if you're looking for a chill date night spot or a night out with the fellas to watch the game!
It's a euphoric experience to walk into Chickie's and Pete's order almost the entire menu and indulge! 

Yes indeed the Crab Fries are noteworthy, crinkle cut with this amazing cheese sauce and although the average joe might say "ahh, they are just aye-okay" these fries are what make those foodie lovers return. But it's not just the fries, the real deal includes: their HOMEMADE seafood chowder, and of course the crabs you pick 'em any kind and just eat away. Snow crab, King Crab, Dungeness and Hardshell. Served up hot and family style in a lovely buttery blanket, thoroughly spiced and ready for chowing down! please don't skip on the Chickie's Hot Style Shrimp. The Riverboat Clams are just perfect, tender little morsels in a light broth and who can pass up the mussels it's most certainly my favorite item. 

I have never had a bad experience and totally wish I could be in Philly more often for a taste of this place!
We had a reservation and we were told our party would have to wait for 1 hour for a table because our Open Table reservation really isn't a reservation. When we inquired about sitting at an unoccupied table that could have accommodated our party the hostesses told us we couldn't have it because it's reserved for the owner. For real???? I guess the owner is more important than paying customers. What a disrespectful joke this place is! Hope the owner likes his seat because my wallet and I won't be back.
This is one of those places where their dishes as takeout just do not compare to eating in the restaurant. The crab fries are usually 10/10 but they were so soggy they were falling apart. They did still have the famous flavor and all but they were really not good until later in the evening when we air fried the leftovers. The hot shrimp was really good and flavorful. I ordered a buffalo chicken cutlet sandwich and it was just bread with cutlets in it? I am not sure that that is the norm but it was so plain and dry, I was expecting at least some ranch or blue cheese. The wait time for food was also pretty unexpected. We ended up waiting there for quite a while to get our meals.
Food is notorious, and quite delicious.  Don't expect a variety, but there certainly is something for everyone.  The place is packed on weekends to the point of fire saftey dangers.  Lots of team jerseys and white hats.  Go if someone's insisting that you go...
Great food and quick service but very rude and dismissive hostess to s single gal on a Sunday.
Chickies and petes is a unique sports bar that caters torwards seafood lovers! AN ABSOLUTE MUST HAVE IS CHICKIES CRAB FRIES! Wow. Anyway, they have some cool pizzas and offer other stuff like chicken and steak sandwiches. If you don't like seafood you might have some trouble finding something you'll like, but the seafood is great!
Chickies is not my go to place for food....besides the crab fries and this last visit just confirmed everything for me again. This would be the prefect place to go if you just want to grab some drinks with friends and catch aa game or two but not the place for a sit down dinner. I came here with my in laws and I have to say I was a little upset I ever took them here. Let's start with service....our waitress was very sweet but that's all she had going for her. We did not reciece any utensils or plates.  The food came out on 4 different services....not sure why since we were only a table of 9! It was very frustrating because half of the food got cold in waiting for the whole table to be served. We also had to wait a while for refills....and by the time my sister in law got her second beer it was nearly time to go. Again I love their crab fries but I am not sure I'll be back for a sit down meal in a long while. Maybe for crab fries and beers at the bar for a football game.
I frequent this establishment so often it's usually for drinking events with friends or I go for the crabs. This time I had a gift card from Christmas. I ordered the Lobster roll. I know I had it before. I just don't remember being disappointed in it. I expected a warm & toasted sandwich, but it was cold. I guess that's how they do it now. So now I know not to order a Lobster roll unless I am in San Diego near the beach if I don't want to be disappointed. I should have just got the snow crabs. I love them. Hind sight is 20/20. I absolutely love their crab fries!!! There was an issue with the gift card, but it was handled very well by the staff. Great food! Sports atmosphere! Excellent service.
Awesome place to grab a cold beer and decent meal. I had the mussels in white sauce and lobster pizza. The portion sizes are huge and the pizza was thin crust and delicious. The beer on tap was very cold and had 2.99 happy hour prices.
I looove Chickies, but this one kinda failed me a lil. :-( 

Starting with food:
1) Crab fries - perfect like always. This is their staple dish so they better not have messed this up!
2) Mussles in red sauce - They served it to us kinda RAW!! Yuck. The sauce was bangin, but the mussles itself were cold and undercooked. Our server did fix it and gave us a new batch which was a lot better, but I didn't eat much of it bc I was still kinda weiry from the first batch.
3) Wings - in Italian flavor and buffalo sauce. The wings were quite salty here compared to the other chickies I've been to. I gulped down two glasses of water and it still wasn't enough. Italian was interesting...it took a lil to get use to, but was good after the initial shock.
4) Crab legs - Mmmm! Looove the sauce and loooved the legs. So moist and cooked perfectly. And dipping the bread in the sauce hit the spot. YUM!

Now service- Top notch. I loved our server. She was on top of everything. She filled our glasses, got our mussles fixed, beyond nice! I wish I remembered her name!
Everybody keeps raving to me how good Chickie & Pete's is. I've tried it several times now and have found it to be just an oversized sportsbar with average food.

They have one above average item on the menu, the crab fries which are good, but not rave about good. 

The burgers and sandwiches are all just average. I also tried the crab legs which were again just average. 

On the downside the wings pretty much suck. The size was on the small side but ok, but the flavor and heat just weren't there. For a sports bar to have wings that poor it's costing them a star.

The prices are also a little higher than you'll find else where, you're paying more for the name, not the quality. Perhaps it's how much it's built up by others but Chickie & Pete's just doesn't do it for me. 2 stars.
Food is ok!! Place is dirty!! Took forever to get drinks..!! It's an okay place to stop by if everything else is closed and too far to drive ...
I absolutely love Chickie's & Pete's ! They never fail me! I usually get the same thing all time. My fav !
This joint is alright. It's my belief this place is a Philly institution, so naturally, I had to check it out. I was told to try the crab fries. They were OK. I mean, if you LOVE old bay seasoning, then yeah you're going to like the crab fries a lot. Because that's what it is - old bay seasoning with a side of fries. I do must say there is a great dipping sauce with the crab fries. It's a white creamy cheesy dipping sauce. I'm not sure if it's American cheese based or what but it is pretty good. Next time I would try the cheese sauce with unseasoned or lightly seasoned fries.

I had a roast beef sandwich. It was OK. Nothing special. Maybe I ordered the wrong sandwich? The meat was a lot like my old loafers in a hot bath. But the white cheese sauce was excellent, not surprising after the fries' cheese sauce. 

The service was very good. They also have a lot of specials, although I wasn't feeling any of the particular ones that day. I don't think I'll be back, but I might be. There's a big menu and a lot of seafood, which I like. I can, however, check this off my must try in Philly list.
Could someone please remind the chef to saut the onions and peppers BEFORE adding into the crab cakes? Raw vegetables are always distracting in this scenario. And the aioli was primarily Dijon mustard. Definitely room for improvement!
I'm a huge fan of Chickies. Food is great. However the seating absolutely sucks. A friend and I were seated directly under a Tv which was fine being that you could enjoy any game on from any view. My problem was the next table literally was am arms reach away. When I went time the bathroom, I had to say excuse me to the other table because they were so close. Hell, we could have all been on the same check!! Sheesh.
You gotta love it - This place screams upscale Northeast Philly. 

This place has certainly evolved since it first opened. I remember when it first opened, they were still working out the kinks and their menu selection was very limited. Since then, the restaurant has thrown up everything sports. 

They also expanded the place, and there is another bar in the back which is catered for the "night scene". It is an outside patio that is covered and smoking is allowed. It gets crazy smoky in here because everyone in Philly smokes. You will find a young Northeast crowd here. 

The drinks are good, the food is ehh. Standard sports bar fare - oily and good size portions.
