I went to Chilis because every place seemed to be booked after 6pm on friday night through opentable.com. I tried the $35 special and included the following below. I ordered the Chili as extra.

Appetizer: Half Order of Texas Cheese Fries. The cheese fries was good included bacon. However, the cheese was dry.

Entrees: 1) Half Rack of Baby Back Ribs w/ Homestyle Fries. The ribs were good but a little on the dry side 2) The Santa Cruz Steak is also good but watchout for the mashed potatoes. It was extremely spicy.

Dessert: Ice Cream Brownie. It was delicious. The ice cream and brownie were fresh.

Extra: Chili was okay. It lacked meat and beans.

Overall, great first Chilis experience.
My first impression walking up to this restaurant was someone really needs to be cleaning the glass on the front doors because it's grimy. Like I couldn't wait to wash my hands grimy. My second impression was where is the staff because no one was at the hostess station or behind the bar. I contemplated if we were supposed to be seating ourselves. It actually took an employee returning from her lunch break at Maggiano's to walk in and say she'll go get the hostess. 

Other than those missteps I did like the variety of lunch specials they had. I hadn't been to a Chili's in a very long time and the menu is very much improved. I went with the fajitas. It was a solid choice. Didn't really understand the little boat shaped dish holding my toppings, the guacamole was kind of sad and the amount of cheese they gave me was ridiculous. Cousin had a burger. He enjoyed it.
If it was possible to give less than one star I would. Where do I begin, server was NOT attentive. Didn't even ask us ONCE how we were doing. We ordered fried pickles, came out burnt and hard. My sister and I's Margherita Chicken came out dry and without beans. Five minutes later broccoli came out claiming it was the "sides we ordered" when we never ordered a substitute side, knowing the Margherita Chicken comes with black beans. My friend's sirloin came out black and like a hockey puck, my other friend's fajita came out without peppers and not fully cooked. She did not take away the empty water glasses all night and we had to contact the NEXT TABLE'S WAITOR in order to even get our desserts ordered. Despicable. Will NOT be coming here again, and you shouldn't either.
Unlimited soup and salad for lunch?  I'll take it!

I don't really see a point in reviewing a big franchise giant like Chili's, but I'll do it anyway.  I had bad experiences in a different Chili's in Virginia, which I never want to speak of again.  But I really enjoyed my lunch trip here.  My bf and I got the Chicken enchilada soup and I got the Broccoli and Cheddar soup.  It was very creamy with a good flavor.  The lunch special also came with chips and salsa and garlic bread.  It was a very good lunch deal.  The wait staff was very nice and I would come back again.  The only problem I had was the tortilla chips were laden with salt.  I had to scrap it off the side of my dish so I wont go over my sodium intake for the day.  The tortilla chips need serious help.
3 stars is being pretty generous - but this location is better than the one in University City (but not by much.)

Yuck.  I really loathe chain restaurants and Chili's is no exception.  The one nice this about this Chili's is it's proximity to the Convention Center and the universally cheap and greasy burgers and other fried foods are the same at any Chili's nation wide.  My friend loves the Southwest eggroll app.

It's not so clean in here - and the place is run by illetrates and teenagers.

I guess it beats TGI Friday's - but again, not by much.
In town for business and stopped into chilies for dinner. Hostess told us it would be a 15 minute wait even though the place was almost empty. Went to to the bar and bartender told us a few people bailed on them. Was ready to walk out when one of the servers noticed us sitting and called us to a table. Everyone but him seemed pissy but he had a great attitude. Darius was his name, maybe make him the manager, had the right attitude when things were going wrong in the restaurant.
a seemingly little-know secret about center city bars: the HUGE corporate places have cheaper drinks because they've got nationally set prices. (At the same time--you're less likely to get a bigger pour from a bartender because they are more closely watched)

if you're not trying to be seen and just went an ok frozen drink with some greasy food this is the best huge casual dining restaurant in center city (over TGi Fridays, Applebees, and Olive Garden) 

Sit at the bar--you'll meet a lot of people from out of town as the convention center and big hotels are across the street.
Rarely disappoints.

Came in for entrees, the wait was not long, the waiter was kind, funny and attentive. He also gave a good suggestion The food was good and hot, the drinks were quite tasty and me and my gf had a great time.
I continue to be disappointed coming here, but for some reason keep showing up.  We showed up one evening around 8pm during the middle of the week, which the place was quite empty. We got seated at the bar which was fine, but this led to awful service. 

Our food was cold, we asked if it could be heated up and our server said no. We never got refills on our drinks and the food was prepared incorrectly. Such a bust!
If you don't take names at the host stand, how do you know who's next? Oh yeah you don't. You have hosts who seat in order of personal preference. On my way out the door to take my money elsewhere.
Of course, it's a chain. It's not the best. It's not the worst.

When I visit Philly, I usually stay in Center City. If I'm feeling lazy and don't want to bother going out to dinner, I typically grab some beer from a nearby variety store, and then grab dinner from here to eat in my room - it's close to whatever hotel I'm staying in (whether it's the Holiday Inn south of Market, the Hampton Inn north of Market, or any of the others close-by.)

I get the same thing every time...the steak with shrimp and loaded mash. Bill usually comes to $22 or so if I get a soda. 

The one time I did eat in was an okay experience. I did feel a little ripped with the drink I got though...the glass was barely 8 ounces and I paid $9 for it. It was a good margarita but it would've been nice if the glass was a bit bigger.

There are other chains nearby like Olive Garden and Applebee's so make sure they get a little love too if you're planning on going this route for food...Olive Garden always seems to be an hour wait and Applebee's is a little out the way.

Oh well.
Solid food - burgers and fries were tasty and just what we needed in terms of proximity to the conference hotel AND a late night dinner run. Honestly, better than most chains. We opted for take out, so can't comment on the table service. Turn around for the order was relatively quick for a restaurant that's not a fast food joint.
Very pitiful dining experience. Walked in and the staff seemed almost angry to have the misfortune of seating me and my guest. The appetizer had a hair in it, right inside plain to see. And it wasn't a small hair either it was a long, curly, black mother. I figured "Oh well, this happens all the time" and just kept eating. Besides that, the fries themselves were disappointing. We ordered the Texas cheese fries and it was served to us warm to the touch, almost as if it had just come out of the microwave-oven. The cheese wasn't melted and the fries were crunch and nearly hollow. My entrée was the chicken crispers, original. All it was was breaded chicken gristle. All of it tough. So disappointing. I could even see employees coming to the back corner where I was sitting so they could go on their phones before whoever was watching them could see. The only good thing about this trip was how fast I got to leave because we were sat next to the register. Never coming back.
All I can say is that I hope a food & restaurant inspector goes & inspects the place top to bottom. From the unrelenting stench of the uncleaned restaurant to the brown lettuce, spoiled vegetables and mis-cooked food they give you ( the people next to me also complained)...I suspect that if an inspector goes in there, i suspect they will be shut down. Never had this experience at another Chilis. So what a surprise.
Came all the way to Philadelphia for a run and had dinner here for some reason. (Reading Market closes at 6pm)

Different than the memory of Chili's I had from my formative young adult life. 

The whole place felt "humid". The table had residual moisture...the floor had moisture. Just didn't feeling fresh and inviting.  

Had the spicy fish tacos. The "spicy"part came from two small, sliced green peppers in the middle of the taco. The fish was ok. 

Wife had a chicken salad that came on a rectangle plate. Imagine the lettuce off four Big Mac's with some chicken and tomatoes on it. There you go. 

Mango iced tea tasted like all the ice in the pitcher had melted and they add some more ice before the pour in the glass. 

Less than $40 for two people.  Probably won't eat here if I am ever in this part of the city again.
firstly, i do have to confess that i love the "awesome blossom" or "bloomin onion"if youre at that other place, secondly, this was not my idea, i met with friends there.
 from a gourmet point of view, the beer list sucks, i know i can be a little snobbish but i'm really reasonable too. the best thing on there was sam adams seasonal, take that as you will.  having had the burger at royal earlier in the day, i was trying to be healthy and had a salad with a wacky name that was good, and next because i'm never satisfied, i also ordered the habanero buffalo bites. on one side, the sauce was kinda tasty on the other some of the bites were like chewing through your own wrist. most of my companions seemed ok with their food but i wont speak for them.
 our server was very nice and did come back to warn my friends that the margaritas were going to be $7.95 because she stated earlier they were between $5 and $8, that was a classy move on her part.

two hours later after lounging and watching the first half of " return of the king" i felt like i had eaten a bag of sand. i wouldnt really suggest going here but then, i wouldnt really suggest going to any chilis or similar establishment.
Chili's is usually a good go-to with quick and friendly service. Apparently this location doesn't need to participate in whatever programs the corporate Chili's recommends. We came in at 9:10 tonight, a Sunday evening when closing time was 10. We are staying across the street and expected this to be a place that many hotel guests would frequent. After waiting five minutes to see a host or hostess, we sat ourselves in the bar. Servers buzzed around completing side work but no one would make eye contact. Even the bartender did not acknowledge us. I eventually walked around the bar so he had to see me and asked if there was still table service to which he replied that there was but we had to seat ourselves (there being four of us who had been seated for at least seven minutes it was obvious we had that covered). He told me he would "send someone over". The girl who came over showed up with "do you know what you want?"  No "hello", no smile, no "welcome to Chili's". She took nothing down- then went over to the machine to enter it into the machine, with obvious irritation. I've never felt so unwelcome in a restaurant before. Holding my breath to see if this food works out. Needless to say, as much as we love our hotel, we will not be back to this location.
Never been a big fan of Chili's but I've always liked their appetizers. I prefer this Chili's over others because the location is down Center City. I recommend this as a great place to catch a bite to eat for lunch while down town also check out their happy hour. The customer service here is very good!!
Went here yesterday for lunch after taking my kids to the Comcast center and the light show at Macy's. Food was okay, nothing great but the waitress with a little star temp tattoo below her right eye was horrible.  She took forever to come and get the order and never came back to make sure everything was okay, and it wasn't. When she did show back up we had been there for almost an hour and a half and just wanted to get out and leave. It really wasn't that busy and it looked like she was only taking care of two other tables the entire time. She would go missing for 15-25 minutes after she went into the back.
This is by far the worst Chili's I have been to. I am from Ohio and Chili's was one of our "go to places" in my town. I think this city is turning me into a food snob. I went there for lunch with a friend today when we go out of class. She had work for Chili's for 2 years and worked at the Center City one for a few months. We went there just to go, and I might not go back again. I had the "Old Timer" burger with the black bean burger substitute. I love Chili's black bean burger but this one sucked! It was dry and over cooked :-(. The bun was soggy and my broccoli was just smooshy and not good. Sigh, this is why I do not go to chains anymore, my expectations are far to high
I ended up at Chili's because I got rerouted because of some protesters in center city.  They pretty much shut down every road I needed to access to get to the restaurant I was trying to get to.  Grrrr!  We were really hungry and came across a parking spot in front of Chili's and figured we were running out of choices.  We sat bar side and had a great server.  She made us a Mango Patron Margarita, which was good, but pure juice, no alcohol.  I had a bad experience in a different Chili's years ago so I knew what to expect as far as the food goes, but the one thing I figured they could not mess up were nachos.  Boy was I wrong!  Their nachos are portioned.  A small order has six nachos and a large has 12.  There was an extra $2.00 to add beef.  So a plate of 12 nachos came out, each with the cheese, one slice of jalapeno pepper, and a shaved piece of dried out beef, or what was suppose to be beef.  There was about a tablespoon of tasteless salsa and sour cream in the middle of the plate.  

We left half of the order because they were not even edible, not to mention what my husband did eat, he removed the meet because it had a funny taste.  I don't know how they are getting away with serving this stuff with so many good restaurants near them.  There will not be a third time that I throw money down the drain in another Chili's.
okay food without much impression
My first time ever at a Chili's and everything was so good!! My boyfriend ordered  the mix and match fajitas while my boyfriends mom and I ordered the two for $20 - 1 app 2 entree deal, we got the Texas Cheese Fries and Bacon Ranch Chicken Quesadillas and Cajun Chicken Pasta. Everything was so delicious and with a great deal for dinner you really can't complain and the portion size is pretty big too. 

Our Server was pretty attentive and nice, but the only con is that its so dirty... like i had to sweep the breadcrumbs off the seat before i sat down and under the table there was so many trash. But other besides that i enjoyed my dinner here.
Came in during a time that was moderately busy but not a rush hour, there was no wait to be seated and multiple open options for seating. Very clean and very friendly staff. Some newer menu options. A few items have gone up in price point but not unreasonably. (Two for 20 deal is now 22 some items have small .50 1.00 adjustments which could factor in if your budget is planned, this is not part of my review however only providing information)  Our server asked for our drink order and we did not see them again for some time. It was cola and water and a juice. Our order was taken when our drinks arrived, for appetizer and meals. They did not write it down. I don't normally have any concerns about that, I realize that when you do this work all day and night remembering orders is common. However when the appetizer arrived it was the wrong menu item completely. Not even a similar name of item. It had gotten busier by this time so we choose not to be picky or stressful customers and just go with it and enjoy the day. It would have be nice to get drink refills at this time but we weren't asked, even tho we had empty glasses, and we tried to get our servers attention about it. After several attempts over enough time that we had finished our appetizer without the server returning we asked another person if they could get our server or help with refills. They got them. We appreciated it. Shortly after the food arrived. It honestly tasted quite good, but it was room temperature to slightly warm. It was not hot. It had gotten a bit busier since we arrived, but there we still not a line, and I'm not certain what would cause an order being placed before more people arrived to cause ours to come out slowly or wait so long it cooled so much. Overall, nothing tasted bad. We were treated with courtesy. The space was clean and well kept. If we had been given the correct appetizer, had not had to ask a different server for help getting refills, and gotten hot food I would have felt good about 4 stars as we had a nice time talking and spending time here. But I do need to factor those in for an honest review so I can only say 3 stars, a mostly satisfying but in no rush to return, feeling.
Terrible. I mean terrible. From the moment we walked in the door it was all downhill. 

The place was empty yet we had to wait to be seated cause a hostess wasn't anywhere to be found. Ordered a round of drinks, and placed our order shortly after. 20 min later, the waiter comes (we thought he'd be bringing our food) to tell us they were out of the entree my friend ordered. Why it took them 20 min to realize that? Who knows! 

Food arrives another 20 min later, lukewarm. Everything was extremely salty and mediocre at best. How do you screw up basic Mexican staples? Who knows!

While eating our waiter never came by once to check on us. After we finished and asked for our check, we waited forever for that to arrive.  And then had to hand deliver it to the bar to be processed. 

Why did I come here in the first place? Who knows! Actually, a friend had a gift card. Should have just sat at the bar and spent it on booze.
I was in a hurry to catch the septa, and when I entered the host was nowhere to be seen. When I explained my situation, the server Savanah (sorry if I misspelled!) both seated and served me. My order, the 6 oz sirloin steak, came out relatively quickly and I was able to leave in half an hour, arriving at the station literally two minutes before. The steak was well cooked and well seasoned. Would come again. Savanah was great!
I love Chili's.  Let me correct myself; I usually love Chili's.  The idea of a chain restaurant is that each location should offer consistent service and food so patrons can always know what to expect regardless of restaurant site.  Unfortunately, this location seriously falls short of expectations.

The atmosphere and service were welcoming and prompt.  However, the food was extremely subpar.  I ordered a three-appetizer plate.  The potato skins were overcooked (slightly charred), as were the eggrolls.  The worst though were the chicken crispers.  These are typically my favorite because of the puffy (greasy) breading but they came out with regular breading .. and also overcooked.  Just disappointed..
I once did a project in college that examined how judge's reference groups affected competency rulings for adolescents in the juvenile justice system. Read: if a judge compared the adolescent to another adolescent defendant, were they more likely to deem them competent to stand trial than If they compared them to an adult defendant? (Nerd alert, I was a psych major). How is this relevant to my chilis review, you may ask? Well, it all depends on your reference group. If you're comparing chilis to a five star fine dining establishment, chilis probably gets one or two stars at most. But if you compare chilis to its appropriate peer, aka the other shitty chains, were in four star territory! 

Favorites include but are not limited to: cheese curds, chicken fajitas, chicken crispers, old timer burger, southwest eggrolls, boneless buffalo wings, bacon chicken quesadilla, molten lava cake... I could go on and on. Special shout out to Devin, what a peach
No greeting whatsoever, and had to locate someone to seat us.

Tiled table that holds greasy moisture.

Friendly waitress.

Strange guacamole.

Salty and greasy tortilla chips and food.

Cold beer.

Check please.
Okay so its lunch time and I work around this location and had a craving for Chili's 45-55 mins later I am still hungry so here is my review.
Service:
1/5 the service is laughable from the staff to management. This is very disappointing both sides do not seem to care about their job. I was not greeted by a host when walking in I assume they were walking a table. I sat at the bar I was not greeted by the bartender who was talking to his coworker also at the bar who happened to be sitting NEXT to me. Yes I sat in front of the bartender while he was talking to his coworker and didn't acknowledge me... Just going to end it there.
Food:
4/5 I got chicken crispers with ranch food came out in about 20 minutes. I took a star off because people who ordered the same thing after me received theirs before me. Food was hot and cooked well. Its chicken, fries, and corn you can't mess it up promise. 
Why I am so angry:
The people around me were rude and it was embarrassing to be sitting near them. I talked to Bryan or Brian the manager and he seemed to not care about any aspect of his job. If someone is saying from beginning to finish their meal is bad don't offer a coupon fix it now. Please just don't go it's not worth it. There are a million other places in this area that I can recommend. If anyone from Chili's is reading this please improve your customer service.
Upon arrival, a girl was sitting in the waiting area on her phone. I said "Hello, table for two" and she ignored me. I stood there for a few minutes until she looked up and walked away. She didn't indicate "Follow me to this table" or anything. 

She signal "Come here" and we sat at a small table. Our server was attentive but didn't offer any suggestions. I ordered an alcoholic drink, but lack the alcohol. I signalled our server and asked him if there was alcohol in this drink. He said there is and he couldn't give me anymore. The bar gave me the "standard amount". If I'm going to pay $7 for a watered down drink, I expect booze. I ordered a steak (medium rare) meal. The steak was okay. Juices seeped out the steak was rested and my friend's was dry. Not worth it. 

Save your money and go elsewhere.
Not one of the better Chili's I've been in.  Service was just ok...a bit slow and not terribly friendly.  But the place was packing every time we walked by and the one time we did get in for lunch.  

My side salad was just ok, the skillet queso appetizer was no big deal with very thin chips that broke easily in the dip.  Hub's beef fajita was seriously short on beef and my triple dipper of chicken was a bit disappointing.  There was more nugget on the chicken nuggets than chicken so that was one part of the triple dipper that I really didn't eat.  

Meh!
Let me start out by saying I got there at 4:12 and seated right then but yet a waitress did not come to my table until 4:40 to even take a drink order drinks were horrible food came out cold and in wrong order had to keep looking for the waitress manager was very apologetic but seemed unbothered to be honest would not recommend going to this place after being in there for a while looking around it is very unclean to
A waiter got into a fist fight with a patron while I was here and the margarita trios were excellent. I got dinner and a show
This is the absolute worst place you can go to eat. The staff is very rude and unfriendly, seems like the staff gets upset when a guest shows up. The lady behind the bar kept ignoring us for 15 minutes until we decided to get up and leave. If you wanna get embarresed and treated like animals this is the most recommended place to go.
One of the BEST experiences I've had dining out. My boyfriend and I ordered the two for $25 special and I was blown away. We started off with an order or awesome blossoms, which were much better than expected. Then for entrees he had the fajitas and I had the margarita chicken; we loved them both! We ended with the cookie skillet (no better way to end a delicious meal). Will definitely be returning for the great service, fantastic food, and amazing deals!
Came here with a friend that was in town and in the area so she figured we could do lunch together, chose this place because of a new menu option supposedly. 

Sat down and got the menu and I was grossed out to say the least, the menus has not been cleaned for days the pages were stuck together.

All I could think about was if the menu is this dirty the tables forks and spoons are just as dirty.

Manager came to see how we were enjoying out lunch, and I pointed out the dirty menus he kinda laughed and said it was not cleaned last night. UMMMM REALLY, YOU THINK SIR.
I really try sooo hard to like this Chilis. I give them chance after chance and they EFF up every single time. I guess the fool is me. Today they dont have any guacamole. And now I have been waiting for wings and fries for over 20 minutes at the bar. When I did finally get my food, the fries tasted old, as if they had been sitting out for a while.
Worst service EVER!  It starts from the young, bored and incompetent staff at the front door. Not only did we have to wait half hour to be seated, even though there were at least six dirty tables, but the eye roll and attitude was uncalled for.  We were pressed for time otherwise I would have gone somewhere else.  The place looked dingy and in need of an inspection. Definitely won't be back.
First time I have written a review. I felt I must warn people to not order from the Chili's while staying at Marriott properties while in Philadelphia.
It started with the guy on the phone, put me on hold for a long time and then asked "what do you want?". He needs some order taking training. Then the food arrived...it was leaking all over. I pointed it out to the delivery guy, he said "is that okay?" It looks like the food was dropped on the way over.
We waited OUTSIDE in the rain for 10 minutes and no one checked on us and the doors were locked because they were "at capacity" despite a barely empty dining room. We were behind a group of 10 so I called to ask if they had room for two and were told not until the group of 10 would be seated first despite not being not having more than four at a table and having availability throughout the restaurant to accommodate two while social distancing. 
Needless to say, we left.
Very disappointed
The wife and I ate lunch here on 6/3, the service was efficient and the food was exactly what we were looking for - good bar food! Boneless wings were exceptional and the quesadillas, sliders and egg rolls were all excellent.
I can't understand why I don't get what I order every time I visit. I asked for the original chicken crispers and they gave me crispy. Then why is it a selection on the menu.
We sat at the bar (3 people), and the bartender was constantly distracted. It took longer than 3 minutes to receive cutlery for our food, but there was no one else at the bar eating/drinking. One appetizer came out with the entree, another came out before the entree, and the 3rd appetizer came out after the entree.

The food was good, no complaints. However, while we were waiting for the bartender to print our checks, we saw a rat go across the floor. We screamed, the staff stayed calm. The bartender brought our checks, but we asked to speak with the manager. I asked the staff how they could be so calm, and said they must be used to seeing rats. They confirmed that they knew there was at least one rat, and he's been there so long they named him Jerry. The bartender then told us a few days ago a guest got upset because a flying cockroach flew across her food on the bar. At that point, I refused to pay. We had been waiting for the manager for over 5 minutes, so the bartender told us to just go ahead & leave since he never came up front.
Do NOT eat here. They took almost 2 hrs to bring my food and it was an appetizer.  Then when I asked for a manager he comes and tell me he's personally cooking my food AND then I see a mouse. Multiple people saw this mouse. We brought it to the managers attention and his response was no response at all. What health inspector is passing this place. I'm so hungry but will not eat from here.
