Well hello, Chima! How have you been? I haven't been to Chima's since my daughter was born which was 5 years ago, but me and my friends all had a rare baby-free night and did what any crazy parents would do: go eat peacefully! lol

I learned the hard way that eating breakfast, lunch or anything else in between is not a good idea before visiting Chima. The food just keeps coming and you'll need an empty stomach to fully enjoy it all. And I made sure this time to ask for smaller cuts of meat instead of YOLO'ing on the first few. 

MY least favorite of the AYCE meats was surprisingly the chicken. IT was cooked perfectly, but had zero seasoning. I had to grab some pesto from the salad bar to give it some life. My second fave were the grilled shrimp. The char and seasoning on them was just wonderful and I could have ate those all night. My favorite thing by far was the lamb. I have no idea what type of seasoning is used, but it's literally the greatest flavor on a meat I've taste in a long time. 

My wife ordered the creme brulee and actually let me have a bite. She must have liked me today!! The creme brulee had that sugary crust on top which bursted into the pudding so perfectly. I can't wait to come back to Chima in about 6 months, because I need about a few months to digest all the food I ate lol
Imagine that you've never been out for a steak in your entire life and somebody brings you to Outback.  You're likely to have a fairly nice time and think you had a pretty good steak.  Of course you have nothing to compare it to.  Then somebody brings you to Butcher & Singer.  Now the game changes completely.  Outback doesn't look so good anymore.

Unfortunately that's Chima's problem.  When it comes to Brazilian Steakhouses Philly has been "Fogoized."    Fogo has set a standard and it's a high one.  I've been to Fogos a half dozen times and last night was my second visit to Chima.  The lovely wife and I had a great time.  The service was quite simply fantastic.  The salad bar was OK.  A ton of variety but as soon as you look at it your brain pops up a picture of Fogos and does the comparison.  Chima's comes up short.  

Our meats were just fine.  They were fresh and tasty and we were both able to get the temperature we desired.  However the variety fell short of Fogos.

Chima's atmosphere is very nice but Fogos takes it to another level completely.  As I write this Chima is at 3  1/2 stars and Fogo is at 4  1/2.  Yelpers are a perceptive bunch and as a group I agree completely.  There is a one star difference between the experiences.
Last night I feasted on meat carved tableside by men dressed as gauchos. And no, I wasn't at Epcot Center or in a Fellini movie...I was at Chima. And it was glorious.

I was there for a special event, so we got to see the place in full swing and total capacity. After loading our plates at the salad bar (which, btw, is huge and also includes fresh mozzarella, a personal favorite of yours truly) we sat in the gorgeous dining room, complete with contemporary red/crystal chandeliers that I am totally coveting, turned over our cards and let the madness begin.

Here an orange card means "Bring me some meat and keep it comin'," and black means "Please, for the love of God, no more." Our table of four ate enough to feed a small village (yes, I feel a tad guilty about that) but particularly enjoyed the succulent filet, sirloin and Parmesan encrusted pork loin. It was quite an experience, and I walked out of there wishing I had a handbag big enough to smuggle food out in. Is that wrong?

The consensus is that, while gorgeous inside, this is a man's dinner. My girlfriend and I had a great time, but the testosterone factor was high. I'm sure it had to do with all that meat and knivery...so I think this is a perfect place for a power dinner or a meal pre-bachelor party. Just remember to leave the strippers at the club - after all, Chima is a class act.
I, myself, have always, always been on team Chima versus a Fogo fan, but after tonight, I understand why the comparison according to Yelp reviews places the favor with Fogo. 

Came in for what we were told was an extended restaurant week. After an ok dining experience, where the server was completely MIA, we were given a check with the full prices listed. When we asked he told us 1) that we had to tell the hostess when we made the reservation that we would be coming in for restaurant and 2) that he had asked us in the beginning which we were doing (which he knows was a lie because we would have remembered and we heard him asking all his tables after this conversation)..

The assistant manager came over and offered little sympathy. Which also made it seem like he didn't believe that his server didn't ask us about the restaurant week vs. regular. He did change our bill and offer a dessert but at that point I just wanted to get out of there!

I rather take my business somewhere I can be asked if I want another cocktail and where the server is actually apologetic for their mistake. My boyfriend and I were just looking to have a nice meal for our anniversary and it ended on a really bad note with a sour taste in our mouths. 

If you're debating between spending the money here or at fogo, I'd take the business to fogo, and the rest of Yelp seems to agree.
Chima is the kind of dining where you much have a clearly mapped-out strategy before dropping $60 plus on lunch (or $80 ish for dinner).

Two words...
Meat. Sweats.

Two more words...
Food. Coma.

Some rookie mistakes to avoid:
1.  Skip the little cheese/bread - yes, they are delicious but they will fll you up.
2.  Go very, very easy on the salad bar - BE SELECTIVE.  
3.  Ask, ask, ask your server to bring you the cuts you most want.  Once they do get 2 slices of those you love the most (for me the Lamb (chops not leg) and Angus Beef (Classic) were the best picks.
4.  Allow adequate time - at least 2 hours.  This is not a place to go if you are in a time crunch.

Yes, I would go back here - especially for a celebratory meal, but I will also ask for a side of LIPITOR.

P.S.  NOT vegan friendly (Um, duh!).
If you have never dined at a Brazilian steakhouse, you will love it here.  Then again you could say that for any place you go to if it's your first time.  For someone who was been around that block, Chima is not too bad, but not that impressive either.  

Some items were good, some ok, and some not so great.

 - Parmesan pork loin - pretty nasty, I'd not recommend
 - Bacon wrapped filet - small beef cuts, above average 
 - Flank steak - couldn't tell the difference between restaurant prepared or prepped at home
 - Lamb chops - gamey, not recommend either
 - Filet mignon - probably their best cut

We were looking forward to the ribs, but they were out on the day we went.  They also have some fish on the menu too, but we opted to just stick with land animals.

Overall, the meats were inconsistent from being too salty to just right, some overcooked to just right etc, so some rounds of the same meats tasted better than others.

A few bucks cheaper than Fogo, but then again not quite up to the Fogo standard.
I spent the evening at Chima Steakhouse for a Thanksgiving Day Feast. When I arrived for my 5pm reservation the restaurant was bustling with people. I was alone and seated right away. I was happy to be placed at a small table against a back wall in the main dining room. It was a cozy little book and seated beside me was another solo lady and next to her a solo man so I was in good company. Sometimes you need a moment and an expensive dinner to yourself. 

You could go with the 40.00 meal and have the salad bar and one protein option or the 60.00 full rodizio. I said feast so obviously I wanted some of everything. I had to servers who were just perfect. After browsing the iPad of drinks I headed to the salad bar. It was loaded with all kinds of things. Too much to mention. After that I headed over to the station where a turkey was being carved. She gave me two slices of breasts. The second was from the untouched side with the pretty, crispy skin still on. She winked at me when she put it on my plate and I nodded with appreciation. She knew what was up.

I nibbled on this and that as different servers put additional sides down on my table. Those little puffs of bread, amazingly soft. Put the chicken salad on it, heaven. The mashed potatoes were the best I think I ever had. The corn bread sticks (if that's what they were) were okay but I didn't care for the fried banana.

I flipped my chip and the guachos came. One gave me salmon, very moist with a pesto drizzle. Another dropped off some sausage, tasty but a tad dry. I was offered some other cuts but they weren't my temperature. I looked at the menu which has pictures of all fifteen proteins. One of my servers immediately came and asked what I was interested in. I wanted lamb chops and whatever was wrapped in bacon med rare. In minutes my wish was granted. They gave me two of each. Suddenly I was besiged by men with meats. I got some NY strip and sirloin. After that I turned my chip back over and ate for the next hour and a half.

I had an amazing meal, great service and was thankfully a short 10 minute bus ride from home because my tummy was full I couldn't wait to lay down.
Chima shows you a "Great Time" from the bar at Happy Hour to having dinner in the main dining room.  This review is based on several visits during happy hour and dining on two different occasions this past year, the most recent being this month.

Let's start with "FREE VALET PARKING" - this is a great perk because the parking can be difficult some days.  There was a group of (6) people and we all wanted to "opt" in for the salad bar and "unlimited meat selections" - really there are about (16 meat choices + Salmon).  Let me say that we weren't disappointed by these choice options.  Our servers were attentive and friendly and offered to cleared plates when they noticed that there may have been a "slow-down" or completion of the meat selections. My favorite was the lamb chops; Parmesan Pork Lion and the bacon wrapped chicken.

Our table also enjoyed the "side dishes" offered-the creamy mashed potatoes; polenta, fried bananas and many more.  Let's talk cocktails, decided on Watermelon Margarita; Mojito and finished the meal with a Malbec wine.  

Chima Steakhouse gives you the "FULL" Top Notch experience of good food, drinks and service!  

This is a place you have to give a shot!
Eh. 

Once again, I cannot stress enough how service will make or break a place. We wandered here on Friday after we decided to ditch our original plans. We are big fans of Chima in DC (really VA, but for those who are in Philly, you won't be splitting hairs like us) and their service. We find ourselves there for quite a few date nights. So, you can imagine our excitement to go for an impromptu dinner. 

Valet was complimentary (which is standard with Chima's, just don't be cheap and tip the valet!). We were immediately seated near the salad bar (my favorite place to be). Our servers were ok. Just ok. We were actually near done with our salad plates before we saw our first option of meat. And that was pretty much the tune of the night- occasionally seeing meat options, but never the ones like Filet, unless we asked specially for them. Maybe it's because at Tyson's, they know what we like and how we like it, that we never worry, but here, we had to continuously ask for what we wanted and ask for extra, since we knew we wouldn't see them again for a long time. 

Well, needless to say, this may have been the ploy, since the long drawn out waits caused us to eat significantly less. While there was nothing particularly wrong with the service, there was also nothing right about it, either.
So, I have never been to another Brazilian steakhouse for comparison's sake but IMO this place was a-ok. I suspect it'll give you the meat sweats just as well as any other similar spot in the city. That being said, it's a good spot for a group. The tables are large and the food keeps on coming until you're ready for it to stop. 

We started at happy hour. Drinks were 1/2 priced which is a good deal but be warned, the second it's done the prices are no joke. The drinks are delicious but also VERY spend-y, even for the city.  

The salad bar was not what I expected. I would probably refer to it as a bar of salads rather than a traditional salad bar. Depending on your interests there may or may not be salads that appeal to you.  At the end of the day, you're not there for the salads so maybe it doesn't matter. There was a good quinoa salad that I liked and they had tomato, mozzarella and basil so I could make my own caprese. I did love that there were rice and beans on the bar as well as a creamy vegetable soup that was quite good.

There was meat... a lot of it. They come and slice it off for you and have a variety of done-ness available each time they came around. Some were better seasoned than others. I particularly liked the garlic seasoned and the picanha. The others were ok but nothing spectacular. That being said, there was a lot of whatever you liked. The variety of sauces on the salad bar were great and, necessary for some of the less interesting/flavorful cuts.  

This is a fun thing to do for a group dinner or special occasion but I can't see myself becoming a regular. Too many great options in the city.
This does not compare to Platforma Churrascaria in NYC (but who does) I can definitely say I'm a fan.  Just like every Brazilian BBQ make sure you plan accordingly before, and by plan accordingly I mean fast until dinner.  Seriously, though come here with a game plan on what meat you want to eat.  I personally LOVED their lamb chops which seem to be the least common thing they bring around to the tables. Also one of my fav apps they bring to the table are the cheese bread thingys (yea that's the best word I could come up with)

The Apps bar is definitely loaded but no sushi?!?!

The waiters are super nice and all have good eyes to be able to spot your GO/STOP card from across the dark room.

2 side notes:
1) Go to their website before going and register to get a free $20 gift cert.
2) If you're a dude and this is your first time going to a Brazilian BBQ do not, I repeat DO NOT bring a date you're not comfortable with yet, you will be a useless, meat comatosed mess after dinner.
Ok here it is, I have read several reviews comparing Chima to Fogo. This seems odd to me. They are completely different restaurants. They are of course both Brazilian Steak Houses, but it's like comparing BK to Mickey Ds. Some people like one better than the other. I have been to both places and different things are done better at both places. 
This is a review of Chima however so I will highlight their best qualities. The mashed potatoes here are absolutely Amazing. I wish I knew how to make them I would never leave the house. The salad bar isn't too shabby either. The meats that I did get were done perfectly through and through. I like it rare but it seemed like every time I asked for rare the groucho said he would have to come back. I just took the medium rare which was just as good for me. There is a slight rumble from the trains underneath but It didn't bother me one bit. I look at it as part of the charm. 
They have Valet parking but I opted to park a block away for fifteen dollars, not a bad deal. 
The staff was more than on point. I had several people come to our table to check up on us numerous times. The staff was very friendly and professional and very helpful. I dont think we saw all of the meats. It seemed like the same five gauchos kept coming to our table. It was fine with me because the ones that came over were my favorites. The drinks were excellent according to my Wife, I dont drink. I had a nice Brazilian soda that was really crisp and refreshing it tasted like an apple soda to me. 
The atmosphere was very modern and very well maintained. The silverware and place settings were immaculate. The desserts we got were out of this world. I would absolutely visit Chima again. My Wife and I had a really nice time.
everyone is right. you can't go to chima without comparing it to fogo de chao. fogo has always been the premier standard for churrascarias. so how does chima match up?

well the salad bar is just ok. i'm not really qualified to make any sort of judgments on the salad bar, but at least it had fruit (honeydew)!

the complimentary sides include: cheese muffins, croquettes, polenta, creamed potato, and fried bananas. the cheese muffins and the fried bananas were where chima really outshined fogo.

the selection here is broader than at fogo, in terms of types of meat: pork, chicken, lamb, beef, and even fish! however, the beef cuts here fall short of those at fogo. even so, my favorites were the picanha (top sirloin), bbq pork ribs, lamb chops, and leg of lamb. the latter 3 were well-seasoned, juicy, and fall-off-the-bone tender, but i wouldn't classify it as top steakhouse quality meat.

the atmosphere is much more intimate than at fogo, but we were seated in the back room and were clearly passed up several times by different rodizio servers. our waiter was also hardly around, and it must've taken about half an hour to flag someone down to get us our check at the end of the night.

i also came on a separate occasion for happy hour, and the bar area is pretty nice. the bartenders are a little questionable though -- mine didn't know how to pronounce "caipirinha" correctly, and she subsequently made it far too sweet. so cloyingly sweet that i couldn't drink more than one sip. the sangria is VERY good though, highly recommended!
Woohoo! Yet another Brazilian steakhouse in town to compete with the awesome Fogo De Chao. You would think that more competition would mean more competitive prices, but unfortunately, at around 50 bux per person, not including drinks and dessert, dinner is just as expensive as it is at Fogo De Chao.

Side note: as of this review writing, if you register with Chima on their website, they'll send you via email a 2-for-1 coupon. I took advantage of that to get half off my dinner =D. 

So the concept is the same as any other brazilian steakhouse. You get introduced to the awesome salad bar where you can get a variety of veggies, meat cuts, cheeses, soups, pasta, etc., and they're all you can eat, of course. The smart thing to do, though, is to save your appetite for the luscious meats. They give you a card, and if you flip it to the green side, it means you want them to serve you the meat, and when you are satisfied, you can turn it over to the red side to get a break. You get a variety of meats to choose from: sirloin, lamb, ribs, filet mignon, etc. Top sirloin and flank steak are my favorites. Although red meat is traditionally served, they also have chicken and... what is this... seafood?! Yes! They also serve salmon and swordfish! They were also very good with the sauces that came with them. Even Fogo doesn't provide that! 

The food was excellent, no question about that. But there were some other things that happened during my experience such that I didn't give this stylish place with a nice decor 5 stars. First of all, the service may have been *too good*. What do I mean by that? Well, traditionally, if you turn it over to the red side, they'll leave you alone. Despite that, our server kept on coming over and bugged us if we wanted anything even though we were clearly eating our foods, and our conversation kept on getting interrupted. We understood the concept of ordering, but our server just kept on bugging us. Eventually we gave up and just ordered stuff directly from the server without the regular meat servers coming over when our card was flipped over to the green side. Mine was on red almost the entire time! At any rate, since the food was good, and I am sure our server had some good intentions, I didn't let it bother me too much. A nice bonus: he gave us a free tiramisu since we were there to celebrate my friend's birthday, and it was on the house! w00t, can't complain about that, right? Then I get a bill... wait a minute... an 18% tip that was *automatically* applied to our bill? The only time I've ever seen that happen was when there were parties of 6 or more, and at that particular night, it was just me and my friend. The ironic part was that I was going to tip them a lot more than that, but since he asked for 18%, that's what he got. It was probably just my server who "messed up". From what I heard from my friends, they didn't have this happening to them. 

Despite all of those little annoying things, I'm sure I will be back one day, probably if I have another one of those coupons onhand. Another unfortunate thing is that this place doesn't open for lunch for a cheaper price, something that I'd prefer to do at Fogo since it's essentially the same menu selection for 40% less. But when it comes to dinner time, the quality of the food at Chima can give Fogo a run for its money.
First I would like to say that I typically do not write reviews for restaurants. I tend to simply read the reviews of others on yelp, form an opinion of a particular place, and decide if it is somewhere I would like to try. Sadly, after my experience at the restaurant I dined with last night, I was forced to make a profile and write a review. I made reservations for 7 people at Chima Brazilian Steakhouse. Now typically, I do not like to go out to eat during restaurant week because the places are over crowded and some places do not allow you to order from their regular menu but just the restaurant week week. For me, the portions seem smaller and are not as good as the regular menu. I seen that Chima had a $35 option for restaurant week for certain cuts of meat, and a $50 option for even more cuts of meat. All of the 7 people in my party were particularly there for the Filet Mignon and Lamb Chops which was included with the $50 option. To fast forward in the night, we arrived, were seated, and greeted by our waiter Jacob who was pretty nice(more on Jacob later). We ordered drinks, were told that we could request certain types of meat if none were coming to the table or if we wanted more of a particular kind of meat, and proceeded to the salad bar. Again, we mainly came for the lamb and filet. After finishing everything from the salad bar, everyone flipped their chips over and the meat began to flow. It was at least 20-25 minutes before we saw any lamb or filet which was not an issue at this time because we simply requested for those meats. Those meats then began to flow throughout the course of the night. It seemed that since my party brought their appetites with them, that it became an issue that we kept eating and kept requesting meat. It's seemed as if they were purposely trying to be cut us off from food when we were not done eating. Keep In mind that this is an all you can eat fine dining establishment. We then requested that more lamb and filet come out in which the head chef in the back Jose, began to look and point with other chefs in the back slicing meat with him. We were seated very close to the kitchen where we could see the meat being cooked so eye contact was made multiple times by the cooks and our party. They pointed, and looked so much while snarling at us that it made us extremely uncomfortable. I have worked in a restaurant before and I know for a fact that it is rude and very unprofessional to point and laugh at your customers and make them feel uncomfortable. One cook heads out of the kitchen with lamb and forcefully pushes it on to our plates as if he is mad. The head chef, Jose, then proceeds after him to ask if we want filet in which we say yes, but before I could pick up the tongs up to take the slice, he slams down a chunk of the filet on my plate which almost rolled off of my plate due to how hard he slammed the meat down. All night we were asked, how we would like our meat cooked, were given the courtesy of using the tongs and taking the slice meat off, but at this time we were not and instead treated as if we were a nuisance. I then proceeded to talk to the manager. The night went very well prior to this happening and I simply let the manager know of the situation that just occurred. The manager proceeds to say, "well would what you like for me to do? Some times we give bigger portions sizes that's why he may have put a big piece on your plate." I politely said to the manager that regardless of the portion size, I was never asked how I wanted that particular cut of meat cooked and it should never be slammed on my plate regardless of how big the portion size is not to mention the pointing and laughing by your cooks in the kitchen at our table. The manager says in a very sarcastic tone, "well how I about I take something off, I know that is what you want." At this point I was completely disgusted with the manager and his word choice as if to say I can't afford to dine and I know that you want money off. At this point we asked for the checks and the manager never once approached none of the cooks for their behavior. Jacob, our waiter, gave the checks out and then proceeds to make it known that it's gratuity added for the bigger party as if we didn't know that parties of typically 5 or more add gratuity. We let that comment roll off our backs but then he proceeded to tell someone in my party how to tip on the receipt as if we lack the intelligence to properly fill out a receipt or as if we lacked the class to leave an additional tip if we choose to do so. Nonetheless, this was my second time dining at Chima and will be my last as that experience left a horrible taste in my mouth even after leaving the restaurant. I gave this review 1 star, not because I didn't think the food was good, but simply because of the customer service we received which was enough to make me never want to dine with the establishment ever again regardless of how the food tasted.
First - Chima is on 20th and JFK - the 1901 address is kind of misleading. 

Second - I should disclose that I work 19 floors above Fogo de Cho - and in the year it's been at Broad and Chestnut I've been once.

Third - I loved Chima.  I read the other reviews - and I agree that the service needs help... but I think they got the kinks worked out of the food IF you know how to ask for meat.

***PLUSES***
SALAD BAR was good.  At an all you can eat brazilian steak place I am looking for dressed tomatoes, olives and a selection of cheeses... and they had all of that as well as a terrific eggplant I found a nice pairing with the strip.  

DRINK MENU was also good.  I was impressed with the wine list as it had a great range of wines and prices.  I went with a  2006 Tamari reserva malbec... a snootch pricey at $36 a bottle... but smooth, fruity and SO worth it.

WHITE MEATS were where Chima beat Fogo hands down.  I was in particular a fan of the Parmesan crusted pork chop and the sword fish (try it with and without the sauce).  My neighbors were also huge fans of the bacon wrapped chicken.

QUALITY MEAT SERVICE was also good. Unlike at Fogo I at no time thought I was being throttled... which is impressive at a table with five guys averaging 270 pounds who each put down 5-7 pounds of their most expensive cuts.  

FRIED BANANAS were AMAZING.  The moment you see them hit the table pounce on them like a cat on an empty altoid can.  They are much better fresh than if you let them sit a minute.

***MINUSES***
SERVICE that was non-meat related was spotty at best.  We timed it - 35 minutes from the time we stopped eating to the arrival of the dessert menus and another 47 till the desserts came out - and you nearly had to insult someone's mother to get a cup of coffee in under 20 minutes.  That I could ALMOST overlook - but it was a good 20 minutes until my wine arrived after I ordered.  If I'm ordering bottles of wine at a meal I expect to be drunk FAST.

PRICE seemed higher than at Fogo - which says something since we ate there buy one get one free and didn't end the meal with 20 dollar shots of Grappa this time.

SAUSAGE was aweful.  Maybe not a big deal to some... who goes for the sausage at a beef place?  But it mattered to me, danged it.  

***NEUTRAL BUT POSSIBLY ANNOYING FOR SOME***
The meat guys came fast and furious... but they really didn't seem to know much about meat temperature.  That said - they took instruction well... so I pretty much pointed to what I wanted rather than saying "medium rare" 80 times.  Hold out for the temperature you want - check before they cut - and remember they will bring you what you want if you hold out.

***CONCLUSION***
Overall I liked it better - and have hopes that they will work out the service kinks.  Even if they don't I can see myself definitely walking the extra six blocks to go to Chima before Fogo... and that is probably good.  Because I can use the exercise if I'm about to down five pounds of beef.
I could easily talk about all the delicious food here, as all of what I tried was absolutely delicious. But I'd rather talk about the service. Chima had the best service of any restaurant I've been to.

I had marked on my OpenTable reservation that I had a gluten allergy, and when my girlfriend and I got there, our server was ready with their gluten-free menu that not only states what is gluten-free, but also what isn't. This is great for people like me who would assume that something as simple as their balsamic vinaigrette dressing would be safe--but their menu clearly states it's not.

On the other hand, their delicious cheese bread appetizer both looked and sounded like something that would contains all kinds of gluten/wheat products. Yet it was listed on their menu as gluten-free. Always the skeptic, I asked our server if he could double check that, and so he had one of the managers stop by our table to explain that the bread is actually made from yucca/cassava flour and was completely safe.

Additionally, throughout our meal two of the managers stopped by on multiple occasions to make sure we were enjoying everything and also to see if I had any additional questions about their gluten-free options.

But the most unexpected part of the evening happened when we received our check: One of the managers came by with a complimentary take-home bag full of the previously mentioned cheese bread. We didn't ask for it, he just simply said that he knew we were enjoying it, and so he wanted us to have some to take home.

I couldn't have asked for a better dining experience.
Went in almost cocky and snarky. Thought, right.. lets try this Fogo De Chao wannabe! 

Gauchos carving hot, delicious meat at your table is my idea of heaven. Fogo showed me the light, and rewrote my idea of dining pleasure. Went to Chima, they have certainly met the challenge. 

Quality of meat is superb, service is second to none. Sure, you gotta flip the card.. telling the gauchos "Feed Me".. they are there before you can swallow your last bite. Please, what else could a person want?

I'm still digesting all the gluttony I ate, it was worth having to hit the gym the next 45 days to burn it off.  

I would cut back on the birthday singing.. let ppl goto TGI fridays or Chi chis for that garbage. Also, bypass the salad bar..sure it is terrific, but you'll save room for ..the main event.
Update: ---------

So Chima, wrote me after this post and offered us to come back and try dinner on the house. Our waiter was very nice and we were checked on A LOT. We were seated in the main room so I felt less awkward about getting up going to the salad bar. No one got mad at me for not eating meat and we people kept asking if they could clean our plates for us. If you have a meat lover in your life and you don't get Brain, Chima can be a great date night. 

Thank you to Chima for allowing us to redo my gf's birthday. Second time she enjoyed herself very much.

___________________________________________________
Original Post:

I have never posted on yelp before, but I've also never dealt with homophobia like this.

My gf and I ate here last night for her birthday dinner. Since I don't eat meat we rarely go to these types of places ($40 for a salad bar is a bit much for me), but I wanted her to enjoy herself.

We got seated all the way at the back wall of the restaurant. Our waiter Brain asked if we had ever been before and when I said no, he explained the run down the quickly and offered to get us a drink. My gf's drink was awful and had at least 10 limes in it. The waiter never asked us if we wanted another round of drinks, but the table next to us went through 3 bottles of wine and the table behind to us never had empty glasses.

I told the waiter I did not eat meat and ask if there was something I was suppose do to let people know. He rolled eyes and said "you don't have to eat meat if you don't want to." 

We got our first plate of food. My gf was done before me and wasn't sure what she was suppose to do next. We flagged our waiter down to ask if we had to get clean plates ourselves or if someone would come clear them and he rolled his eyes again and asked if we wanted the taken away or not. When I said I'm not done yet he told us someone would be back later "if we wanted".

We got up and got ourselves clean plates cause our waiter was making me feel awful, and when we returned to our table it was a full 15 min before anyone noticed us sitting with empty plates. A nice blonde woman came over and asked if we needed anything and my gf told her she was been waiting for meat for 15 min. This women sent people to serve us right away. Our night was finally turning around. We got how the plates worked and my gf figured out how to get the cuts of meat she wanted. We were bummed no one offered us another drink, but figured we'd just go out after. 

We finished eating at the same time as the two tables next to us. The table next to us was offered coffee and dessert. The table behind us was offered coffee and dessert. The large party in front of us was offered coffee and dessert. I made eye contact and waved at our waiter 5 times and each time he walked away from us. A full 30 minutes after all three tables next to us were done with their coffee and dessert Brain came over and asked "so do you want anything else or are you done".

I am assuming his man is homophobic cause we were the only couple in his section ignored. We had wanted coffee and dessert but I was so embarrassed from being ignored we just left. We were both so bummed that this waiter had been so rude to us all night, we called it a night and just went home. We would have easily ordered an extra $50 worth of drinks and $30 worth of dessert if Brain hadn't been so bluntly rude to us.
I see that a couple dozen people have mentioned Fogo de Chao in their reviews of Chima and I can't help but do the same.  Fogo de Chao has set the bar for Brazilian style steak houses and that bar is set high.  Here's my quick run-down of Chima vs. Fogo.

Setting: Chima is very nice inside, but its more like a club type atmosphere and less elegant.  Still nice though.

Service: Great. Nothing special, but nothing wrong.

Salad Bar: Chima's is very different from Fogo's.  They have the basics like fresh veggies and cheeses, but then they also have hot foods like meats and rices.  My favorite part, and the part that I fell in love with about Chima is the variety of home made sauces.  They all have really nice and fresh flavor to them.  One in particular tastes exactly like A1 and was great with the steaks.  Huge plus!

Meats:  Almost the same selection as Fogo.  They taste basically just as good.  I don't know what but I just like Fogo's a little better.  The one part that Chima does have on Fogo is that they serve fish.  For many people this would be a huge bonus but I'm more of a meat man myself.

Dessert: Haven't gotten it, but with the money you save here opposed to Fogo de Chao you may be able to afford it and I'm sure it would be delightful.  

Overall this place is great.  The food is outstanding.  If you sign up for their e-mails you'll get discounted prices from 35-40 dollars a person for select nights.  Not bad.  That's about $15 less than the cheapest you'd get Fogo for.  

If you've never been to a Brazilian steak house, this would be a great place to start.  They are a tremendous experience and a great place to go and pig out.  Definitely recommend Chima, but know that you have other (more expensive, but probably better) options.
Decided to surprise hubby for his birthday here & could not help but love the fact it was also restaurant week. We went with another couple and decided to book a 5pm reservation. There was a parking lot half a block away, and because it was restaurant week they validated our ticket so it was $9.00 to pay, instead of $25.00. Please keep in mind Chima will only hold your reservation for 15 minutes.

We arrived early and decided to try a Brazilian drink Gaucha, fresh muddled raspberries with lemon juice and cachaca. It came in a champagne flute with a fresh raspberry on the bottom. It honestly was a strong drink and did not need another. We were sat within 10 minutes. 

Since they have chefs bringing around the meat, there were two servers in our area. I can not say enough good things about Lydia, who ironically was her first day there. She was amazing, happy, informative and attentive to our party. The other server Jennifer was not as pleasant or attentive to our table. 

As soon as you are seated they bring out cheese bread, which was delicious! Meat croquettes, which I personally did not care for and garlic butter.  Then were told we could go to the amazing salad bar. There was definitely something for everyone. I particularly loved the fried rice and an assortment of cheeses and Italian meats. The trick is not to fill up on the salad bar. 

You will be given a chip that says yes or no to more meat. There are plenty of chefs with different meats walking around the restaurant. I loved the ribs, the bbq sauce they used was so tasty. We had to ask for the grilled cinnamon pineapple and vegetable kabobs. They brought out fried bananas, polenta and mashed potatoes to share for the table.  The mashed potatoes were probably the best I ever had, we asked for seconds. How could you go wrong with fried bananas? 

Our meal option came with your choice of dessert, I ordered the chocolate cake but could not finish because I was so full. Hubby ordered cheesecake that came garnished with fresh berries, he really enjoyed it. My friends both ordered the tiramisu and they loved it. 

If you have never tried a Brazilian Steakhouse this is a wonderful place to try for your first time
What's not to love about a restaurant featuring South American cowboys carrying large knives and sizzling skewers of meat? Not much, that's what.

While as a rule I try to stuff a well balanced and healthy variety of food in my piehole, sometimes I just need to go caveman and chow down on some of my four-legged friends. Chima offers most manners of beast well cooked and presented tableside. With the all you can eat style, it's a place I could easily get myself into trouble. I tried the filet mignon, sirloin (my favorite), the pork with parmesan crust, and then a bunch of other delicious treats, however, I was in a full on food coma by then and it's all a little hazy.

While well appointed and upscale, I think this would be a great place for a boys night or bachelor party or any time you need to get your fix of all creatures great and small.
I'm so sorry Fogo... I cheated on you and it was wrong.

I went to Chima last night to feed my craving for red meats presented & carved for me table side. I was pulled in by its hip warm decor and more lounge atmosphere. All I could think about was you though. Like how your salad bar is superior in most ways, & how your meats are seasoned better. But I have to admit there are a lot things they are doing right or better. Their wait staff is every bit as attentive as yours, their lamb offerings are better in flavor. Chima can't replace you Fogo, but imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
Went here last night as part of a party of 4.  

We loved it, hands down.  Really loved it.  Great service, friendly gauchos, delicious delicious cow.  

I heard the lamb was fabulous (didn't try it).

In the non-red-meat department, I really dug their parmesan-encrusted pork loin; their chicken breast wrapped with bacon wasn't shabby either.  Their regular boneless chicken was meh.

The overall winner of the evening was the filet mignon, which surprised me really.  Normally filets are flavorless, but this really shined.  The texture was silky and perfect; we got seconds (twelfths?) of that stuff.  I would give this place 809 stars for the filet alone.  

Dessert was just fine; nothing transcendent, but certainly good... but I imagine you don't come here for the desserts.  

As we got our desserts, the temperature in the restaurant suddenly dropped 15 degrees and we were FREEZING -- there was a distinct cold breeze.  We're not complainers, but when we asked the server and then the floor manager if there was a door open and we were told no, we were puzzled as to what was blowing the tablecloth around.  (Last night it was 34 degrees. We weren't just whining for whining's sake, trust me.)  The floor manager checked the thermostat and said it read 72, and we said that's quite lovely but DUDE THERE IS A DOOR OPEN SOMEWHERE, and he shrugged and politely walked off.  

As we left the building after we paid, HEY, what do you know, the front door was wide open, but nobody caught it because the front reception staff had adjourned for the evening.   That was annoying, and sadly really soured the whole experience.  Bummer.

Anyway, it was probably just a fluke thing.

Nota bene:  If you can't find street parking, consider the valet which is $16.  Parking in the building's garage is $10-$15 and is a farking obstacle course / maze of teeny catwalks.  If you drive anything other than a Mini Cooper or a Smart Car, pay the $16 for the valet.  Trust me.  All of the cars in the garage have giant scrape marks down the side of 'em because the lot is really challenging.
My girlfriend and I visited Chima during restaurant week, but chose to do the regular menu as it restricted some of their best meats.  Small disclaimer, I have been to Fogo De Chao and a very high standard has been set.

Overall, I was very satisfied by my experience here.  The wait staff were prompt in refilling our drinks and taking away dirty plates when needed.  We didn't order any alcoholic beverages, but their wine/cocktail list was pretty extensive, albeit expensive.

On to the nitty gritty...to start with the salad bar.  I went in with low expectations given the quality of Fogo's, but this salad bar is nothing to turn your nose up at.  The mix of cheeses, meats, with their assorted veggies and salads were excellent.  Their balsamic vinaigrette was very good.   An added bonus which I don't believe Fogo has is the sides that are brought to the table including the creamy mashed potatoes (my favorite), fried polenta fries and fried banana.  Their cheesie bread was outstanding.

Now to the meat! The highlight of the eating experience, so they say.  Each meat had its highs and lows.

Pros:
Filet - perfection
Ribeye
Bacon wrapped chicken breast
Salmon
Marinated pork loin

Cons:
Swordfish - overcooked
Lamb chop - lacked flavor
Pork ribs - did not like the marinade it was accompanied with

This is a great option if you are all "Fogo'd out".  The atmosphere is classy, but casual.  No need to get too fancy when eating all that food!  Highly recommend a trip hear to indulge.  

Quick note: Sign up for their newsletter and receive a $20 coupon! Great deall!
Not impressed at all, the 2 girls and the waiter for the tables were great I didn't like the hostess or her managers, they just kept staring at the table talking to one another like something was wrong which made me very uncomfortable. You can tell when someone is talking About you but what they should have been talking about was why they were still operating when the ac was not working right, the meals should have been discounted. The manager kept standing near the table and watching us until the bill paid, then poof he was gone no more to be seen that night. I will never come to this place again or recommend to colleagues
To begin with, as is typical of any steakhouse, it is quite pricey for a simple night out. I went during restaurant week expecting that we were receiving a discount only to find there were hidden fees for selections we thought were included. 

The place is noisy and not conducive to conversation especially since you have a different waiter visiting your table every minute asking if you'd like a slice of whatever meat he happened to be carrying. This being said, there is a wide variety of different and delicious foods with emphasis on the different meats. Being the carnivore that I am, all the meats were tender and juicy. Just beware again, you have to be willing to pay extra for the good stuff (top sirloin, filet mignon). The salad bar was decent, but a limited selection compared to other steakhouses I've visited. 

Moreover, the decor is simple, but a little too crowded for my taste. And since there are so many tables, many times we had to flag down the waiter to get him to refill our water or we had to wait for him to get another slab of meat. You can't really blame the servers for they worked very hard to accommodate everyone but there were just to many people to manage.
When I learned I was going to Chima for a friend's birthday dinner, I got excited and then panicked a little. I love good meat but hate all you can eat meals where all of my self control flies out the window.

I turned to Yelp to find a strategy for the best way to enjoy Chima without over indulging. There was no concise strategy but I was able to take some tips with me to dinner.

We were seated promptly at table by the kitchen and near the salad bar. Our server introduced herself right away and brought over the tablet with the drink list. We ordered a bottle of Simply Naked pinot noir for the table and an additional glass of sav blanc. The bottle was $30 and the glass was $11. I was a little surprised how reasonable the drinks were as I was expecting true steakhouse prices.

I was originally going to skip the salad bar entirely to save room for meat however I figured I'd make one trip to check it out. They had a large variety of salads, cheeses and meats. I tried a few of the "fun" bean salads but didn't love them. As soon as I returned to the table I flipped my meat card to red and the meat started to flow. The rest of the salads were pushed to the side as my meat extravaganza began.

There are 16 different steak, lamb, chicken and fish options. I tried everything except the salmon. My favorites included the lamp chops, leg of lamb, flank steak and barbecue pork ribs. I initially loved the Parmesan pork loin as it was one of the first things I tried of the night. For whatever reason, my second piece wasn't as good.

For the majority of the meats, you were able to select your temperature so I went with medium rare. When the bacon wrapped filet first made its way around, they only had medium. I requested medium rare and the server came back within 15 minutes when the next batch was ready.

There were definitely meats that came around with more frequency, such the top sirloin and filet. My group really loved the leg of lamb so made a special request for it to come by our table. Our server and the manager made sure we were taken care of. I also really appreciated that they let us take our time with the meal. We probably dined for over two or two and a half hours, and were really able to enjoy ourselves. 

In addition to limiting myself at the salad bar, I tried to avoid the fried bananas, bread and fried polenta at the table to save room for meat. By the end of the meal I was stuffed and wanted anything except meat so started indulging. For that reason we ordered the papaya cream, vanilla ice cream and tiramisu for dessert. They were all fantastic and I found another place in my stomach to house them.

So moral of the story, there is no tactic to avoid over indulging at Chima, unless you actually have willpower. But that's okay. Everything is so delicious it's worth the caloric and monetary splurge, as long as you don't make it a habit to go too frequently. 

I didn't want to make this review a comparison between Fogo de Chao but it's worth mentioning a few comparisons. The atmosphere at Fogo is a little more upscale and I personally thought Fogo's salad bar was a little nicer. Overall, both places served up some great meat options so I would recommend either to anyone looking for a Brazilian steakhouse experience.
Two friends and I came here during restaurant week, being tricked into believing that there was a $15 discount on its regular menu. No, we were misled. Sure we might have missed some fine print on the restaurant week description, but we were told that the $45 menu does not include things like filet mignon, top sirloin, and lamp chops. What else is there to eat? Plus, you get assigned a different color badge, so that the whole restaurant could see that you're not having the full experience, so we gulped, and went for the full menu. 

FOOD: 4/5
--Salad Bar: Even though this is a steakhouse, the quality of the salad bar is a good way for me to gauge the quality of the food, and serves as a first-impression kind of thing. Unfortunately, things just didn't seem as fresh as they were at Fogo de Chao, and selection seemed on the fewer side. 
--Steak: I don't have much to complain about. I love meat. The meathandlers (meat boys?) frequented our table and respected our choices. Sometimes, they would get our desired temperature wrong. I'm a fond appreciator of medium rare, but a couple times it was definitely more like medium well instead. 

SERVICE: 4/5
As said above, the meathandlers frequented our table and rarely left us empty plated. Our waiter was friendly and accommodating. The two ladies were also quite friendly while we awaited our table to be set up. 

AMBIANCE: 1/5
This is was really killed my experience. People here were so noisy, I felt at times that I wasn't at a Brazillian Steakhouse, but more so a butcher shop or meat market. A lot of shouting, and people around us constantly took photos with flash. Adding onto this, I had no idea what the TVs were playing on the side...repeatedly. It was so out of place, and nothing seemed at all classy as it does at Fogo. But it's all the same price. 

RECOMMENDATION:
Chima is good for groups. If you plan on being rowdy, come here, don't ruin the scene at Fogo. Besides this, oh gosh, why settle for Chima when Fogo de Chao is just a couple blocks away? Sure a Chima reservation is easier to come by, but personally, I don't think I had a worthwhile experience here. Goodbye forever Chima, I've fallen in love with Fogo de Chao.
Kind of confused by some of the negative reviews; party of three here on Saturday night. The valet was complimentary and very quick, we were able to secure drinks very quickly at a busy bar, table service was over-the-top fast, the delicious food never stopped, etc. I thought it was really great stuff! The place looks awesome as well.

I took off one star for two reasons -- the side dishes could have been more plentiful and enjoyable, and the pricing was a big unknown until the end. I may have missed a menu with pricing but there was a smidgen of sticker shock when the bill came at the end of the night. It was certainly worth it though, seriously, the rib-eye? My god.
I rarely write negative reviews but this experience warrants one. 

1) my friends were "tricked" by the server into buying bottles water. No option for tap was made. I'm fine paying for bottles water but they are not.

2) meat didn't come to the table quickly enough. We were sitting there most of the time just waiting for food.

3) most of the meats were dry and not cooked well. 

4) the salad bar was nice. The top sirloin was cooked very nicely

I wouldn't recommend coming here for a nice experience. Go to fogo if you want a better Brazilian steakhouse experience.
"I can't imagine what this place's carbon footprint is," said my friend toward the middle of our gorge-fest at Chima. So true, so true... but Brazilian steakhouses are one of my guilty pleasures in life.

Wasn't really sure what to expect after reading the other reviews, but we just had to try it. The end result? While it didn't live up to other Brazilian steakhouses we've tried, it was pretty damn good. I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars, but decided to bump them up to 4 due to the fact that they have a sweet deal on their website that gives you a 2-for-1 coupon if you sign up for their e-mail list. AND, apparently you can use two coupons if you go with four people, which I wish I had known before we went!

Comparison between Chima and Fogo:
-Service: Not quite as good at Chima. Other Brazilian steakhouses tend to bring you stuff before you have time to ask -- here, we had to ask. Still, certainly not bad by any means.
-Starter courses (cheese bread, croquettes, some sort of mousse): Equal to Fogo. The cheese bread is not nearly as good, but the miniature beef and pork croquettes, aka "fried balls of goodness" as the fiance called them, more than made up for that.
-Salad bar: More variety than Fogo, but quality not quite as good. The garlic butter, however, is amazing.
-Side dishes (mashed potatoes, fried bananas, fried polenta): Equal to or possibly even better than Fogo, especially the in-CREDible fried bananas. We kept getting refills of those, and toward the end we thought they'd be perfect with some ice cream as dessert!
-Meat: We all basically agreed the quality was not as good as Fogo, but we also wondered if we were just biased (Fogo being our first-ever experience at a Brazilian steakhouse) or nostalgic (we haven't been there in a while). However, I think it's safe to say the quality of the meat is not quite up to par. They do bring around two types of fish, though, which might appeal to some people who aren't big fans of red meat.

All in all, I'd eat here again, especially if we had another 2-for-1 coupon. But if I had to choose between the two Philly options, Fogo would win.
I've been to many Brazilian steakhouses before and use to tout this restaurant as one of my favorites. I even bragged about this place to all my friends and convinced them to have a birthday dinner here last Sunday for restaurant week...that was a huge embarrassment and mistake.  We left hungerier than when we arrived...

The service was absolutely awful--we were a party of 12 so I guess the server figured he would get his 18% gratuity anyways and didn't bother with us. He didn't explain to us that there were 2 options for restaurant week which was new compared to the last time I came for the same event. There was the $35 per person option which included the salad bar and 4 selections of meat and then another option for $52.50 which is similar to the regular dinner rate but dessert included....server assumed we wanted the $35 option. So was the food good? Beats me....we had a few bites. The passadores (meat waiters) came to our table once and not everyone got a slice. It was just sad looking at all that meat pass by and not getting any. My friend waved down the lamb rack but were told we choose the cheap option so we don't get lamb.Then server finally came back after 2.5 hours and had the nerve to ask if we wanted the check when we barely ate! 

I felt so bad for bringing my friends here.  The bill was over $500 and it was like we ate less than $5 worth of food. 

Not a great place for large parties.....go to Fogo de Chao.
Meat was alright but not worth the price tag. Some meats kept coming up way more than others.  Sides are meh. What really killed it was the service; at the end of the night, we paid in cash and gave a few dollar coins (thanks Patco, for giving me 15 or so as change). The waitress, Lauren, got an attitude and said that they normally round up the bill and don't accept "jingle jangle" change.  Anyway, the whole experience was underwhelming, and I actually left feeling upset at the service.  I would not recommend.  Plenty of other places to have a nice dinner for $100+ in the city.
Yelpitos,

Lemme tell you, for an all you can eat meat treat, I really enjoyed Chima!  I met a group of friends for a birthday get-together on a Friday evening.  I was not surprised how crowded it was being CCRW.  There was initially a little confusion about how many ended up in our party, but after all the kinks were worked out, we sat together, with Jaime serving us, and had a good ol' time.

Mind you, come for the meat, save room on your plate!  The buffet bar was lush and fresh, and had many many options to accompany your meat selections.  I chose a little bit of salad, the rice and black beans, and the rest of the white plate space was for my meats and appetizers at the table ... yucca fries, and fried bananas, and beef balls (best way for me to describe them and they were good) and some doughy bread with salmon dip ...

My favorites were: sirloin steak, salmon with passion fruit & mango sauce, lamb chops, and bacon wrapped chicken (ahh, don't we all just love how bacon makes everything taste better? tee hee); I also tasted beef ribs, skirt steak, and pork ribs (good sauce on those bad boys!). I turned my lil token over every time the salmon came through, though.  That sauce made it for me.  I really saw and tasted why my friend Marc D. likes Chima so much. 

Do you remember the song from Oliver Twist? "Fooood glorious fooooood" ... Yeah, Chima is like that!

So go! Enjoy! It's spendy but definitely worth it.  Take a few friends with you and get your meat on, and I do not mean like Lady Gaga! ;o)

Be advised: No! You cannot take any meat home!  So bring your appetite and enjoy the loveliness of a Brazilian Steak House.
I've been to both Chima and Fogo in Center City - Philadelphia.
And I would go to Chima over Fogo any day.  That is... during restaurant week (:

Chima has a wider variety of items at the salad bar compared to Fogo. They also have several sauces/salsa/dips/whathaveyou to accompany your meats deliciously. (The pico de gallo-ish salsa is great with your steaks).
They also have a tad bit more wider range of meats since they also serve salmon, swordfish, stuff wrapped in bacon, sausages.. others?  
Side dishes are bomb.  The mashed potatoes are deliciousssssssss and the munchkin bread things are things you can't stop eating.

I kind of thought that Fogo was a bit on the salty side? I don't know. Or just more "straight forward" if you can get what I mean with their meats.  I'm all about flavor and seasonings so I prefer Chima !!

Plus, I never reallyyyy had any problems, except their may be a bit of a wait without reservations, so get that done before going there. Well, even with reservations, a group of friends and I waited 45 minutes+ to get to our seats, and it was near closing time.  But hey, they gave us free drinks for the night and the food made up for it.  

Just make your reservations, come with a hungry belly, gain some patience if the wait comes up, but the food will all make up for it (:
came during restaurant week and had a great time! i've been to fogo, nabrasa and here and i have to say salad bar choices will have to go to Chima! 

but the most important, the meats
Chima had a great selection but wish they had more variety, i think Fogo gives you more options. but I did love the cheesesteak bites they were great!

the mashed potato was probably the only decent side.

i'll defintiely be back but probably only for restaurant week.
After my dinner last Sunday at Chima, it occurred to me that I have no single complaint about the experience.  Probably the only thing between them and five stars is beyond their control because Philadelphia apparently won't let you cook on wood fire in center city.  Picanha gets away with it up on  Castor Ave.  So I can only really compare it to Fogo, or Na Brasa in Philly. I have been to to other Rodizios that use wood, and there is a detectable difference.

That being said, I took the family (wife and three teens) on  Sunday.  We were seated immediately, and our waiter good-naturedly went over the drill (advising us against filling up on either the salad bar or VERY creamy buttery mashed potatoes.

When they first opened, I had read a review saying the meat was over-salted.  Apparently they read it too,  and brought in an experienced Manager  to ride herd over the gauchos so they "got it" about the salt.

The selection of meats was typical, but one VERY nice and unique feature was that our waiter had a little hand-held wireless device, and upon request would direct leg-of-lamb, Parmesan pork loin, what-have-you to our table instantly.

Unlike other Rodizios, the gauchos paid attention to the yes/no pucks, and did not disturb us with foods once we had declined them.  I did not bother, for example, with fish or sausage (I like both, but let's face it, I was there for MEAT !!)

Quality of the beef, pork, lamb, and chicken was high.  I have been disappointed by other Rodizios who seemed to be using blander grades of meat.

We had some gift cards, which lightened the tab somewhat, but prices were typical of the genre.  $12 was a little steep per glass for the Malbec, but the waiter did recommend the less expensive of the two (the other was $14.00)

Salad bar was on a par with Fogo / Na Brasa as were the typical sides (puffy cheese biscuits etc.)  Fried bananas were HOT and fresh, and a cut above the others.

Overall, service was extraordinary and I think intentionally much more casual than Fogo who is their real competition.

I will definitely be back.
Great Salad Bar and amazing meats selections comes with a food coma.  Our servers always friendly providing excellent service off and on peak times. Meat will keep coming unless you flip the card to take a break to digest or to get your check. Love it!
Four Yelps!
I love this place. Make sure you go with an appetite and, if you really want to get your money's worth, don't flip your coin for anything other than red meat offerings. The salad bar goes on for days, and a Golden Corral spread it is not. They keep the salad bar stocked with carpaccio, a variety of cheeses (Gouda, fresh mozzarella, Swiss, etc), a wide selection of greens, and their house dressings. The service is really good, and the servers have a respectable knowledge of the beer, wine, and spirits.

If you decide to treat yourself, pace yourself and don't thumb your nose at the salad bar. The waitstaff won't rush you out either. Also, wear pants with a comfortable, elastic band. You'll be glad that you did. I certainly was.
My mom came across a scathing 0-star review for Chima (I forget the paper, maybe it was in the Inquirer?), which I took the time to read a couple weeks ago.  I couldn't imagine how it would be possible for me to have lauded Chima, especially their food, without taking this more seasoned opinion into consideration.

So the 0-star review was primarily tiffed about a comprehensive but uninspired salad bar, and more/most importantly meat that was oversalted and overcooked.  I now agree that the meat was a little dry as a result of possible over-salting, but I don't think that warrants 0-stars...the reviewer was being way too harsh, or maybe he just had a bad time.

Anyway, I've docked this review one extra star, the food at some points was so-so, it's just that I had so much coming at me, I wasn't really able to focus on the individual tastes, none of which were too salty to my palette.  Read my original review for more.
All you can eat steak and salad bar, what isn't there to like?

I've been to Chima plenty of time, along with Fogo but that's another review. Every single trip was always satisfying. Service is always fast and attentive. 

Difference between Chima and Fogo Is that Chima offers two types of fish (Salmon and Swordfish) along with their other various types of meats (I believe 10 different types) cooked to your preference. My all time favorite side dish would have to be the cheese bread, to die for! I'd probably get it refilled at least 3 times (don't judge me). Comparing to Fogo, Chima is located in a less busy area where there are more parking available. The two restaurants are very similar and I honestly enjoy both (Fogo a little more). 

Place is $50/Per Person for dinner!

**They also have really good Red Sangria!
C-H-I-M-A

C is for the Cheese that I love from the salad bar

H is for how HUNGRY you should be when you arrive

I is for how Incredible the meat is cooked

M is for ... MEAT!

A is the grade I would give you on a report card. 



I've gone to chima twice now and I plan on going many more times. I love the all you can eat brizillian steakhouse so much, I can't believe it flew under my radar for so long. The best thing about chima is that you never have to pay full price. Go to restaurant.com and get a $25 coupon for $2. Also, join their "preferred diners" club, they send coupons and stuff all the time. Also, skip the veggies on the salad bar and just fill up half your plate with the amazing cheeses and pair it with your meat as it comes. OH! And also get some of the Brazilian guarana soda, it's delightful!
One word....wow.

Ok, so I did not think I was going to be a fan of this place. Im pretty set in my ways and new things tend to irk me especially at first. So when I heard the style of serving I was thinking...wowing gonna hate begging for someone to come feed me and have to help them get it in my plate!

Well I was shocked on how much I fell in love with this place. The wait staff was extremely polite, attentive, informative and knowledgeable. (thanks for the great service Sam). Great customer service goes a long way with me, and this is some of the best I've experienced. Those gouches are awesome they can spot u in a dim room quickly and are always there to offer you more food.

The food was fantastic... My favorites were the filet and the lamb. From the salad bar, everything was delicious but hands down the rice and beans reminded me of those my Cuban grandmother would make. 

The atmosphere was warm, intimate and inviting.  I was very happy with this place, I will be back for sure!!

Pricing is good but if you are a light eater you may not get your monies worth. I do hear that they offer specials regularly through their email list and their website, this cuts the price down a bit and may be more cost effective if you have more self control than I do and eat lightly.
Chima is a lesser known Fogo alternative that imo has a slightly better salad bar and a slightly lower quality of meat

The good: my friends and I t went during restaurant week which meant we got most of the experience for a deal!! The salad bar here had a sweet potato soup that was absolutely delicious besides that the salad bar has several salad options along with a few pasta and charcuterie options. For the most part the meats are always delicious. Normally if I don't like something it's just because I don't like that type of meat but it was cooked well.

The bad: restaurant week results in only receiving half of the meat options and no dessert which is a bummer. Also, it seems like the service is worse during restaurant week. Maybe that's due to so many customers but it seems like there aren't as many gauchos bringing food out. Also, at Fogi if you ask for a specific cut of meat, it gets brought to you immediately. We had to ask four times at Chima =(
So most people know this as a decent Brazilian steakhouse that is a great place to bring a date vs group of people vs family for a nice hefty meal to celebrate something... Or to come during Restaurant week, which the restaurant always participates in... More recently, I've discovered an amazing thing about this place, it's happy hour! It happens almost every day and their caipirinhas are great! Cheap and strong! Also with a decent happy hour food menu that won't burn your wallet. 

Rating: 8/10
Pros: Great happy hour, decent meats, Restaurant week! Also great location and staff
Cons: Brazilian steakhouse price
I've walked past this place a hundred times and was happy to finally try it.

They have valet on this busy JFK boulevard or you can park on the street.  Make sure you pay the meter enough money since the ticket agents stalk this block.

There is a nice bar area that would be great for an after work drink with a friend.

The main dining room is large and you can see many large groups come here to celebrate birthdays and such.

The meal comes with the salad bar.  The salad bar is amazing with a large variety to choose from including fresh mozzarella, rice and bean and salmon.  

There are plenty of choices of meats that come around to help fill your belly if you still have room after the salad bar.   I have to say I enjoyed everything except the Brazilian chicken.   It was a little hard for me.   There is a booklet on the table that shows you what is coming around.  I didn't notice it until after we were done.  Next time .. Next time...  

They bring an ipad around so you can see which dessert to choose.   It's a different concept but I guess they don't have to worry about dirty menus.

I had the Guarana drink which tasted like a cherry ginger ale.  I liked it.

We had dessert.  If you want something made onsite make sure you check the Brazilian items as some desserts are made offsite.   

I have to say we loved all our food and really enjoyed the atmosphere. 

They have a large selection of wine which you can see with the see thru the glass (see pics).

The rotisserie area has a see thru glass so you can see them marinating the meats and putting them to cook.  My son enjoyed watching the staff.

The staff was friendly and helpful.    



My two cons
  They really pushed the liquor (which I get) but it was to the point that it was a bit uncomfortable especially since I don't drink.
   They don't cater to picky children.  Kids are half price but it was still a waste my money.    He played on my phone the whole time and ate NOTHING!. It's annoying to pay $30 for a kid to eat nothing.    
 I wish they had a chicken tender meal or grilled chicken available for him.  

Will I be back?  Yes
Great food, good service and decor.  Good for a date or for a group but just make sure you are ready to EAT!  Went here for Philly restaurant week once, so we got a little deal.   (I think it was $4 cheaper pp).  Even then, it was still more pricey than other brazillian steakhouses I've been to.  I can try to understand the price if dining only for special occasions.

The salad bar and steaks were delicious and the place looks classy for an all-you-can-eat restaurant.  What really stands out is the salad bar that was well stocked.  I swear they had prosciutto when we went, and my hubby was all over it eventhough there were other things to eat.
brought around the same meat. didn't get to try alot of what was on the menu. The salad bar is the whole 2 stars. The meat was Acme rating. Yes, Acme the grocery store. Go the Brazillian steakhouse on Castor Ave in the NE. NOt as fancy but top of the line steak and meat!
Hands down the worst dining experience of my life. Granted I did go on restaurant week, so I shouldn't expect to have the best experience, but from the minute I walked into the restaurant to the minute I walked out, I was not happy with how the restaurant was run. We sat down was were not offered menus and was not given much guidance to how the whole Brazilian Steakhouse thing works.The quality of meat was poor, the coloring of the meat looked bad, and half the cut was fat. The salad bar was sub-par. The wait staff was awful. Will not be back... EVER. Boom.
Not my kind of place. This is the only Brazilian steakhouse I have been to, and if you are happy with quiet servers coming up behind your shoulder with plates of big meat chunks then maybe you'll enjoy it. 

Large groups sit at long tables. Everything is fine and whatnot, but I wasn't blown away by all the protein. Or the salad bar. The salad bar did have a good number of options, but nothing phenomenal. The bacon wrapped chicken was not "roasted to perfection." I think my favorite was the bread...

Also, yes, drinks take forever and are weak. Womp. To me, Chima just seems like a waste of money.
Add this to the rising number of Fogo de Chao wannabes.  Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy this place but it lacks a certain "authenticity" that you get when you go to Fogo.

I can understand why places like this are popping up - the concept is great: an endless amount of perfectly grilled red meat served on swords complimented with an extensive salad bar.  At a top steakhouse you'll spend $50+ for one (10-20 oz.) cut of steak.  At Chima, you'll spend $50/pp and will enjoy as much steak as you can consume in one sitting - and try different cuts.  You can't go wrong (that is, unless, you're a vegan).

People are going to think I work for this place, but.... you can snatch up a $25 gift card at Restaurants.com for $10.  Or, check out their website and sign up for their email newsletter.  They offer specials nearly once a month and around every holiday.  This isn't a place you could go every week, but certainly makes for a nice event out with a small group of friends.
I heard great things about Chima and decided it would be a great place to celebrate a special occasion. We made a reservation for 1:00pm on a Monday afternoon. When we arrived, we laughed because the place was practically empty, which clearly meant a reservation was unnecessary. Chima does things differently for lunch. I was excited to have various meats brought to me until I could bare no more. Instead, they have a Business Express Lunch as they like to call it. The buffet style salad bar is still available to you for lunch, but, you must choose a protein: lamb, chicken, salmon, pork or filet mignon and a choice of fries or creamy mashed potatoes.

We both ordered the lamb chops with the creamy mash. The mashed potatoes were a little too creamy for my pleasure, but it was good. The lamb chops were seasoned just right. The chef (I'm assuming it was the chef) came to our table with four lamb chops on what appeared to be a roaster stick. Using a knife, he removed each individually and transferred it to our plates. The lamb chops were delicious and were seasoned and cooked to perfection.

If I could rate the salad bar, I would give it 3 out of 5 stars. There were myriad choices, but half of them did not excite me. Some of the available choices that I can recall were a spring salad, which was spring mix with pineapple and strawberries, a kale salad with sweet potato, gouda cheese, Biro-Biro rice, purple quinoa, a vegetable soup (the best item in the salad bar in my opinion), and a chicken potato salad to name a few. 

I was stuffed after lunch, which leads me to believe that I may be wasting my money if I decide to dine at Chima for dinner one evening. Nevertheless, I will still make an attempt because after having those delicious lamb chops, I am curious to try everything else.
********UPDATE August 10, 2015 - 3 of the 4 members of my party have "Tummy Trouble" after our night at Chima. More good news. This place is a disgrace. ********

Here's what you want to know: Chima or Fogo. Answer: Fogo...by leaps and bounds!!!! #TEAMFOGOdeCHAO

I would give Chima 2 stars, if i could dedicate 1 star exclusively to my pitcher of Sangria. Otherwise this place was not my cup of tea, hence 1 or -1 star. If you are looking for the short version of this rating here it is: Chima is a wannabe. Very average food, overpriced, and crappy service. Take your money to Fogo and enjoy your dinner. 
If you want deets on why Chima blows, read on.

Hostess/Waitress/Service

Just bad.

First, the hostess and at least my waitress Emily had an AT-TI-TUDE, One of those, "I work at a restaurant in CC and you are supposed to care" attitudes. She ran through the rodizio process and how it works ( cuts of meat, salad bar, red stop sign and green signal) at lightening speed. Two of us had been to this type of restaurant and two of my party had not. So I took the liberty of slowly explaining it to to our party members so a human being could actually process the information. From the beginning she kinda seemed like we were bothering her at work. (Which is ironic because she was at work) Not a big deal, but a little annoying. There's more about the hostess, but I don't even want to bother with her....


Salad bar

The salad bar was blah at best. I did like the vegetable cream soup and some of the cheese offerings, otherwise it was nothing special. As a matter of fact I was a little annoyed that there were wedges of iceberg lettuce (presumably for wedge salad), but not crumbled blue cheese or other fixins to make a wedge salad.. Disappointing, but not a huge deal. There were some other things you would find at a very AVERAGE salad bar. Think Ruby Tuesdays  salad bar and add smoked salmon. I may not be giving its due, but the point is---you've had better at a boardwalk casinos buffet. But who cares about salad at a steak house. Next...

The Meats/fish

Just...BOOOO!!!! 

ABSOLUTELY NOTHING SPECIAL at all. The ribs were over sauced (presumably to  hide the fatty, low quality underneath), the other cuts were tough and flavorless (mine were medium in temp...you can order your meats according to your temperature so maybe order it raw?). The prime rib was the worst. Dry tasteless, just not worth the $$$$. The salmon and swordfish were okay at best. I didn't finish either. I think the best thing about the fish were the sauces. Just yuck. I didn't try the chicken offerings, because I was just ready to go. 

The check

Not a  bad check. And although I only saw Emily 3-4 times in 2 1/2 hours, we were set to give our usual 20% gratuity. We asked Emily to split the check, because the couple we were with wanted to pay via credit card. We split the check in half $93.51 cash, and 93.51 on the card...you know-even Steven. Well Ms. Emily came back and told us Chima does not take coins. Huh???? She said there is no place to put them? So she gave back the $.51 added it to the credit card. Whaaaatttt??? That's perplexing...

I asked Emily what happens if a person were to pay in cash only for a check that included change. For example $55.28. Do you know what she told me? She said they "round it up". HUH??????? What???? So now I'm pissed. Your restaurant doesn't want to deal with change so you "round it up"?????

First of all, IFFFFFFF she didn't just make that up---CHIMA is ridiculous and obnoxious (which I told her). But the good news is, I really DON'T believe that's the policy. I think that was EMILY's policy. The restaurant does not take change? I believe she lied. I think she was being dismissive. I think she was being all "this is an exclusive restaurant and we don't do change". And that's a bunch of BS.  Chima is a CHAIN restaurant, hence Ms Donalds and freaking Sizzler (which I've had better food at back in the 1990's, lol). Just because the address is downtown, and you get to overcharge and dress your wait staff in black button down tops and pants---DOES NOT MAKE YOU EXCLUSIVE). I've actually eaten at Michelin rated restaurants on a couple different continents, so give me a freaking break with the "attitude/we're too good for change". I am going to contact the headquarters and find out about this change policy. Honestly, it would not have been SUCH a big deal if EVERYTHING else DID NOT FREAKING SUCK.

 It was a crappy experience. Nothing special and HARSHLY overpriced for the butt you have to kiss to get a decent meal and service. 

If you are on the fence. FOGO da Chao wins. Never had ANYTHING but GREAT service, awesome and FLAVORFUL food. 

I know I made a big deal over the change, its only because I find it insulting. 

This is half review, half rant. For that I apologize. 

This review was from Sunday August 9th- again, BOOOO!!!
"You are the only person we know who would come last minute to eat free meat." Hearing that quote to describe oneself is just unexplainable, but probably true.
I have been to a Brazilian Steakhouse before in Vegas. Even though I'm not a huge meat eater, I definitely enjoyed the meat and the entertaining way it is served. But the salad bar was a huge letdown. At this place it was pretty much the same.
The decor is beautiful and it looks like a great place to hang out at the bar. If you really like red meat, you will really like this place. There's also some pretty good salmon and chicken wrapped in bacon, which made me think of a bacon-lovin' friend of mine. 
But give me a Ruby Tuesday salad bar any day over these things. Lovely simple things like artichokes and zuchini are irrationally spicy. Lonely canteloupe is displayed between all sorts of bean & mayonaise concoctions that remind me of the shady crockpot wares served at a church picnic. 
My two cents: good for people who really really love meat and spicy veggies. Also probably really good for parties.
Yay for restaurant week!
For $35 you get unlimited salad bar, all meats (except premiums like filet minion), and some side orders.
For the regular price of $54 you get the above plus the premium cuts of meat.

I opted for the $35 special as that was plenty of meat.
The salad bar is plentiful but I am sad to say I was disappointed at the lack of flavor of some of the items like the seafood salad.  The veggie soup that they offered which was butternut squash ( I think) was great!

There was a turkey spread, fried cheese balls and beef croquets as side orders as well as fried plantains and fried palenta.  I was a fan of the cheese balls, plantains and palenta.  I did not enjoy the flavor of other sides.

I enjoyed a glass of red sangria with my meal which I recommend.

Now for the meats!
The flank steak had way too much seasoning for my liking but was cooked perfectly, medium rare.  The sirloin was my favorite and was juicy and tasty.  The pork, fish and chicken selections were a tad dry for my liking.

Service:
What I found very cool is that the drink menu was on iPads that the waiter left with us to peruse!  Very modern!

The venue is very large and with dim lighting and a relaxing ambiance.

We were seated by the window but the vent by the heater wasn't working.
We asked one waitress to address this and stated she would ask the manager about the heat.  About 10-15 mins went by and we didn't hear anything back so we asked our waiter who stated the same thing.  This time the manager did come over and after checking the vent herself, moved us to a warmer location.  :)

Though I don't typically splurge on Brazilian steak houses I think I would try another before revisiting this venue.
I'll preface this review by disclosing that I've never been to a Brazilian-style steakhouse, even though, like my buddy Brian M., I work next door to Fogo de Chao.  Even still, as you might have deduced from other reviews if you care so much as to read a few, I could survive happily on an all-meat diet.  Even though my eyes are much bigger than my stomach, I came to this restaurant knowing what to expect, based on what I had heard from friends-- to go into an all-out food coma.  I should also note that I went during Restaurant Week, but I asked the waiter if our experience was any different and he said mostly no (despite the fact that they had turned over more than 600 tables before we were seated at around 9).

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I know what Fogo looks like, so I was expecting something similar...not really the case.  We met our friend at in the bar area, which blew me away-- I don't think I've been anywhere in Philly that made such good use of mid-century modernism in their choice of decor.  While the dining room didn't follow the design's brilliance, I couldn't have been more impressed.  The hostess, who was as polite as she was attractive (for once), seated us in what looked like a massive dining area, almost like a cafeteria, complete with noisy ruckus, which I didn't like...other than that, I knew I was in for a treat.

THE FOOD/DRINKS:
The food itself was absolutely incredible, from the salad bar, which featured tons of options that I had trouble keeping from taking up too much space in my stomach, to the meats themselves.  They offer 17 different kinds of meat, tons of different cuts of beef, a few chicken variations, salmon, swordfish and sausage...a carnivore's dream come true.  The one thing I feel the waiter did do correctly, was to recommend a Cairpirinha, which acted as the perfect intermezzo to each of the tastes.  My absolute favorite was the flank steak, which was more tender and flavorful than anywhere else I've ever had a similar cut...I began refusing other cuts I hadn't tried, saving what little room I had left for another taste of the flank steak.  They also bring out a bunch of charming little mini-sides, including an amazing fried banana and some kind of bread made of cheese (parmesan I think).  Basically, the food was spectacular, but read on to see why I docked Chima a star.

THE SERVICE:
Of course, only a select few restaurants do really well in terms of service, and it's tough to imagine a place that works like Chima getting it down pat.  They can improve their service, however, so I'm removing a star.  It wasn't entirely about the attitudes, which I find is usually the problem with most places, in fact the gaucho waiters do pretty well considering that they are mostly foreigners serving food like pseudo banquet waiters to over-indulgent, ignorant Americans in what may very well be the pinnacle of gluttony.  My problem rests solely in the pace of the service...I'm not joking when I say I felt like I was in World War Meat half the time, taking cover under an artillery barrage of deliciousness.  It's too much.  You can't really enjoy any of the individual flavors until you have this heaping pile of food on your plate, and based on the social dynamic of it all, you can't really refuse what they put in front of you because it looks so good.  You also can't really have a good, intimate conversation because you have a gaucho coming to your table every 30 seconds.  As soon as I finished and tried to catch my breath, "INCOMMMMMINNNNNGGGGG!!!!!"  More food comes flying at me at subsonic speeds.  If they could slow it down a bit, they would find that not only are their customers happy, but they are happy because people are getting full in the same amount of time, but on less food, thereby saving Chima some money.  I figured maybe it's a little more relaxed when it isn't Restaurant Week, but our waiter confirmed that this is not the case.

THE BOTTOM LINE:
I wouldn't think of taking a date here, unless you are both:  (A) World-class Eating Contest Champions, (B) Obese and comfortable with it, (C) Romans who travelled through time from a food orgy.  I can't imagine the food coma would have me much more uncomfortable than having my date watch me pig out, I'm sure the same goes for most ladies.  Even still, this place has some incredible food, and it was an awesome and very worthy experience.  So I highly recommend this place for friends to all go out and gorge, for families looking for a BIG meal, or pretty much anything but a date where you want to retain your perception of having normal eating habits.  Delicious!
Well, being the 183rd review here, I'm sure I can't tell you anything about the experience you won't get from reading the writings of my fellow Yelpers.  All I can do is weigh in on my experience and add it to the collective karma of this place.   

And since I have not had the Fogo experience yet, I can't make this review a comparison.  I'm aware that Fogo has the extra star and far more reviews here, so I know that Fogo is very much high on the Yelp approval list.  I'm coming into this not spoiled by what Fogo apparently offers.  

What I will say is that if Fogo is that good, then they must be one of the best restaurants in the history of mankind.  Because Chima is excellent.  

I enjoyed the salad bar selection, which I'm glad wasn't too overwhelming.  I swear, once I flipped that card, the meat servers came with rapid fire quickness.  It actually overwhelmed a couple of our fellow diners who were not used to this (I was part of a party of 8).  But in a good way.  

Some of those meats are just delectable.  If you're a steak lover, you won't go wrong with any of the beef choices, especially the filet mignon and the Pichana.  The parmesan crusted pork is also out of this world.  Lamb was also a great choice, especially the leg of lamb.  

But was it 5 star perfect?  No.  A couple of the meat choices were just OK.  A mild surprise was that just about everyone at the table thought the bacon wrapped filet was not as good as the regular filet.  Somehow it's a little less juicy with the bacon.  Also, the linguica didn't seem to go over with some of the diners as a few of the ladies handed it over to their husbands to eat.  I thought the linguica was good, although slightly on the chewy side.  It may have been slightly overdone.  

The side dishes they brought to us, some were excellent such as the parmesan bread and the fried banana.  Some were a little underwhelming such as the beef croquettes and the mashed potatoes.  And from the salad bar, the chicken potato salad  and the black beans woth pork over rice are recommended, but not so much on the corn mousse which let me down.  

But really, I'd say that Chima hit on about 90% of the food they brought to us.  I'll call that a great ratio.  Everyone in our party enjoyed it tremendously, including my wife who doesn't even eat steak.  

Yes, it's possible for non red meat lovers to enjoy the experience.  Just get a lot of chicken and salmon.  But for me, who doesn't get to go out for steak as much as he'd like because of the wife's distaste for it, sitting here with different steaks coming at me was like sitting at a blackjack table with a pair of deuces.  Just keep hitting me, dealer!
I had eaten her previously and had a fantastic time food was amazing.  My diet has changed over time to more plant based since my 1st visit so didn't see my self coming back but I went to a happy hour here.  The food was awesome.  But I ordered one drink and when I got my bill 18% tip has automatically be added.  Since when does anyone auto add tip for 1 drink on top of that I paid in cash and they lady rounded up and gave me change as if I was planning on giving an even number.  Its bad enough you auto added tip on 1 drink but to make it even high is just wrong and rude give me my change, I don't care how small it is.  Would totally not recommend going to the bar here.  The service was slow I get that it was crowded but they didn't seem to have a flow and I never would of tip that amount if I wasn't forced to.
Yes, the food is good; particularly in you're a die-hard carnivore.. And if you're not a carnivore, you have no business at Chima. 

The way Chima and other Brazilian steakhouses work is, you have a constant and steady stream of servers coming to your table with various flame grilled meats on skewers. You have a little disk. Flip to one side if you're happy and need nothing; flip to the other side to signal the servers to stop at your chair to offer more meats.

Salad bar is expansive and offers a variety of great veggies, pastas and other side dishes.

I'm not one to crave steaks and meats like a lot of serious meat eating guys, but Chima makes you wish your stomach was bigger, at least during your visit. The lamb was superb, grilled to perfection, and I'm not even a lamb eater. The fillet was magnificent. Meats are offered as rare, medium and well done, except for the chicken obviously. Rack of lamb, lamb chops, fillets, sirloins, porks; it's all here in an endless parade of barbecued deliciousness. 

The service was friendly and helpful, server guys impeccably dressed with crisp white shirts and black ties. The management however should work on their table-side manners.

We were part of a 40-plus person celebratory dinner which our dear friends had planned. The air conditioning decided to break down on the evening we were there and while the servers, in their own misery apologized often, not once did we see a member of management stop by with an explanation or apology.  Not as big of a deal to me, but for our friends who had planned and paid for the entire evening, spending a few thousand no doubt to feed all of those people, it was shameless of the management not to at least make an appearance table-side.

Food is good, people are friendly but if you have any issues, don't look for a manager to make it right.  Deliciously sad.
The question is can you review Chima without comparing it to Fogo de Ciao? Answer: Only if you've never been to Fogo. Chima does indeed seems like a copycat of Fogo de Ciao and the problem is Chima is not as good. Oh the decor is great, the service is very attentive, the salad bar is diverse and the barbecued meats are indeed tasty, bu Fogo de Ciao does everything a little bit better. Especially the Caipirinha's, the Brazilian national drink.  I went to Chima with my good friends Joseph Lee and Ken Randolph during restaurant week. Neither Joe or Ken had been to Fogo so they weren't prepared for the onslaught of barbecued meats. I was. I paced myself like I was in the Indy 500 race and would've probably still be there munching on those delicious Baby Back Ribs that they do so well. Chima should make them available for takeout, they were that good. In a funny but true comparison, I liken Chima to the Ritz Carlton and Fogo de Ciao to the Four Seasons. If you can't tell the difference then may God bless you.
Chima was the start of a bachelor party I was part of on Friday night. Since I was familiar with Brazilian barbecue, this immediately threw up some red flags in my mind. Is a full stomach of meat the best way to start a night of drinking? I decided to not argue, and just let the evening play out. On that note, I apologize for anybody walking by 16th and Sansom on Saturday night, the groom's vomit provided us all a great laugh that I'm sure will be recounted numerous times at the wedding, but I doubt it added to the ambiance of Center City.

Since I woke up this morning with the contents of my stomach intact, I figured I'd weigh in on this place. I felt the quality of the meat is better at Fogo, and the atmosphere is a little more fun. If you're looking for a first time Brazilian BBQ experience, I think Fogo de Chao is the way to go. I did enjoy Chima's addition of swordfish and lamb to the gameplan, in fact, I thought these were their strongest offerings. Their salad bar was decent, but certainly not as intimidating as Fogo's. The service was good, but I didn't get the sense of excitement of a flurry of gauchos swarming our table... perhaps because it wasn't very crowded in there: 7pm on Saturday night and it was half empty, not a great sign. The tables are definitely more spaced out than at Fogo though, so I felt less likely to be impaled by an errant gaucho knife. 

If you love this food (like our meat-addled groom) than you should check it out. By the way, after 'the incident', he recovered impressively and continued on the night strong for many more hours. So it's good to know that Chima may make you stumble, but it won't incapacitate you.
I've only been here once for happy hour so maybe I'm not qualified to write a review of this place, but I'm going to do it anyway! My friend invited me because she had a coupon for a free appetizer. 

We each had a Caipirinha, which the bartender informed us is Brazil's national drink. I can see why, because it's delicious and very, very alcoholic. Like, we decided to not have another drink because that one Caipirinha did each of us good. For food, we split the salmon salad - which was a large enough portion for both of us to feel like we had a full meal. They also brought us some pastry-type things to snack on before the food arrived, including some cheese-puff type pastries that were AMAZING. I would probably go back to Chima just for those.

The service was pretty attentive at first but tapered off towards the end - only by a little, though. I really liked the decor of the place, too - the bar area was nice but chill enough so that my friend and I didn't feel out of place in jeans. I'm not sure I'd ever go back there for a full meal unless someone else was paying because I'm a poor non-profit employee, but I definitely want to go back for more after-work drinks!
What a fun Thanksgiving experience! No one was quite in the mood for turkey and sides for a week and all the cleaning and time that prep entails, so we decided to hop to Chima! I'd never been here before so I didn't have any expectations, so I think I was easily amused. The "deluxe salad bar" was neat and you can tell there's a lot of effort put into the non-meat. I thought it was also nice that they included some more traditional Thanksgiving options even though I didn't have any myself (except the cranberry sauce; that was good!).

The meats were kind of slow to move around the room and the selection seemed pretty limited considering what their menu has as offerings, but maybe that was on purpose. In any case, I really liked the pork sausages and the lamb! If cinnamon-coated pineapple comes around to your table, promptly pull the person towards your plate and plead for at least 2 slices down the column because that was probably the highlight of the meal for me. Oh and the deep-fried bananas.

I have to say the wait staff was AMAZING and we never felt like we were forgotten about...except for the meat, anyway.

Also, maybe just don't get a sangria even if it is the size of your head...

Three stars mostly for the price vs value.
Much like my future reviews, Chima is just OK.

Chima is exactly what Yelp's 3-star review suggests, A-OK.  You won't be blown away, you won't be disappointed (unless you pay full price w/o any coupons).  

Overall Feel (including service, value, and ambiance: 2 stars)

Nice building in a nice Center City building.  Valet parking is a rip off ($18), found a spot directly in front of the restaurant for free on a Sunday night to kick things off on a high note.  

Restaurant is nice enough.  Raised dining room straight ahead when you walk in and bar to your left.  Hostess was nice enough.  Dining room had a main room that had the salad bar, a divided section to the left and right.  Private dining in back.  Dress code ranged from button downs and slacks to shorts and Jordan's, I was in between and felt comfortable and wasn't stared at.

Onto the complaints! 

First Complaint: There is no menu.  There is an extensive, and expensive, drink menu.  However, you won't see a single price for the meal.  You will see a color brochure on the table that states the meat choices only.  It would be nice for there to be a menu that says the price for rodizio (meat, salad bar, and sides) or just the Salad Bar.  It would also be nice if rodizio was cheaper, and sides were priced a la carte, but that's  pushing things.

Second Complaint: The service wasn't ideal given the price tag (found at the end of the review).  Our waiter, Jay, was previously a bartender at the restaurant, so maybe it was his first time serving, but he was very average.  I'd expect a bartender to be more sociable, but he seemed intimidated by simple eye-contact and we only saw him three times after his initial visit.  This wouldn't have been a problem, but...

Third Complaint: It was hot as Brazil in the restaurant.  The AC might have been broken and this may be rare, but both my wonderful wife and I were very warm.  When waters come slow and hot meat comes fast (pause), the atmosphere isn't ideal.  Better servers, with more water would have made this even better.

Aside from those complaints the meal itself isn't too bad.  I'll break it down by dish.

Salad Bar (3 star): Seemed like a solid overall selection, but those calling it a great salad bar are mistaken.  It has fresh vegetables (asparagus was delicious), a few nice cheeses (Gouda if I remember), and some salads, fruits and sauces.  I was excited for beef carpaccio, had a few thin slices, and was underwhelmed.  

If you're going just for the salad bar, you may be disappointed, but as far as providing some greenery to go with the meat onslaught, it was nice.

Rodizio (4 star):  Below are the meats ranked from best to worst.

Very Good:
1. Pork Loin with Parmesan:  Surprisingly delicious.  I will order pork loin, but its rarely at the top of my list.  Here it was done perfectly, very juicy with a parmesan dusting.  Had this at least 3 trips around.  Highly recommended

2.  Rib-Eye:  A little more than medium when ordered medium, so don't be afraid of medium rare.  A nice flavorful cut of meat.

3.  Flank Steak:  The second most flavorful cut on the menu in my opinion.  Had one end piece and one medium rare piece.  End piece was more flavorful and somehow was medium (assuming someone ordered rare and they were working to the middle for them).

4.  Chicken:  Again, like the pork, surprising.  Chicken is chicken, but this was cooked well, juicy, and overall just well executed.  It's grilled chicken, so I don't know how difficult this is.

Good:
5.  Filet:  It was filet and cooked to the right temperature.

6.  Top Sirloin:  Not bad, but my least favorite of the steaks.

Bad:
7.  Swordfish:  Overcooked slightly.  Very meh.  Did not even finish the piece (fairly large) I was given.

8.  Lamb:  Overcooked, chewy, and just a bad experience.  Was the wife's first lamb, and might be her last.  They ruined it for her.

9.  Anything wrapped in bacon:  Wife liked it.  I found it overwhelmingly salty and chewy.

Untried:
10.  Salmon - looked even more overcooked than the swordfish.

11.  Ribs - covered in sauce, so against the diet I'm on (WILL POWER)!  Looked very good, but a little overcooked.

12.  Sausage - looked like sausage.

Side Dishes (3 stars) - Due to diet, we only had a bite of the fried banana, but it was very good.  Mashed potatoes were more like liquid potatoes and wife wasn't blown away.  Did not try the bread (looked great) or friend palenta (also looked good).  Overall the sides are nice, but unneeded for a meal this big.

Price (2 stars, I guess)
As it stands you will pay $49.50 for the rodizio service.  Sign up for the preferred diner program and save the $20 bucks.  With soda and gratuity (18%), we were out the door for a shade over $100 for 2.   

The gratuity wouldn't bother me if our waiter was more attentive.  I hope it is shared with the "gauchos" who did a great job all night.

If I had to pay full fare $130ish, I'd be more upset.
Chima never disappoints. The service and food was exceptional as always. This is my first time dining there since Covid and I wondered how they would adjust because of the buffet style salad bar. They took every precaution that most restaurants in the area have taken except for a temperature check. However, all silverware was wrapped in plastic the salad bar was covered, and instead of everyone getting their own food you just told the server what you wanted and they plated it for you. I really appreciated that. Everyone wore masks and face shields. I felt safe dining there. Other than that, as I stated, the service was just as exceptional as I remember, the food was excellent and I left satisfied! One of my favorite restaurants in Philly.
Great service, delicious meats, to-die-for dessert.  

Went here with my boyfriend for my birthday and had one of those Restaurant.com $25 gift certificates, so that helped put a dent in the price. For what you get, though, $50 a person for the Rodizio dinner isn't that bad considering the quality of the service and the huge selection of meat.

Best piece of advice: your meal is what YOU make it, so if you aren't impressed with the lamb (I wasn't), stop asking for it and have them bring you something else. The dinner is run by a card system.  Flash the green card if you want hunky Brazilian men to cater to your every whim and drop a stack of meat on your plate. Flash the red if you're too overwhelmed and need time and room on your plate to cut and actually try your meat.  

This explains why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5.  It gets a little overwhelming after a while and god forbid you accidentally leave it on the green side. A server, carrying a skewer of ribs, will eye you from across the restaurant and make a beeline for your table. Just politely say 'no'.  What's great is that you can tell them "send the other guy over that had the salmon" and they'll grant your wish. 

Come here on an empty stomach and try everything at least once. I remember there was about 14 things to try ranging from filet mignon, leg of lamb, swordfish, etc.  I'd have to say that the best meat was the top sirloin...extremely succulent.  The waiter (who was very friendly and attentive) also brought us delicious fried polenta and bananas and some kind of gooey bread for sides.  If I came here again, though, I wouldn't waste my time on the salad bar or the sides.  It fills you up too fast. You get your money's worth during the meat sampling, so if you're a carnivore, go all out, check off your favorite meats, and order seconds and thirds. Remember, it's unlimited.

Though we could barely move after the meal, we still ordered dessert.  I was going to order some apple pie dessert but the waiter insisted that we try the chocolate mousse cake. I'm so glad he did. It was a light, creamy chocolate mousse with a crunchy bottom and was served with a drop of raspberry sorbet and drizzled in dark chocolate sauce and a few strawberries. Best way to end a meal.
There are two important requisites for having a good time at Chima Brazilian Steakhouse: you need to love meat and you need to come hungry. The $50 charge per person is more than fair if you meet these requirements, but I definitely wouldn't bring some "first date only ordering salad" girl to Chima. The salad bar was great, but try to avoid filling your plate, as you will soon be inundated with a delicious variety of meats. Everything I tried was fantastic. The pork ribs were some of the best I've ever had, the lamb was amazing, and I could eat those little bacon wrapped filets all day. Service was nearly flawless, though they did forget is was my birthday, but they more than made up for that tiny mistake with an order of flan on the house. Not just any flan, mind you, but probably the best flan I've ever tasted.

Chima is not a restaurant I would frequent, as I could easily gain 100lbs in a year if I ate there 1-2 times per week, but for special occasions or a particularly hungry party, it's hard to beat. We will definitely be going back, once we've had about a month to work off the calories we ingested. Thanks for a great birthday dinner!
My good friend was kind enough to pass on to me a 2 for 1 deal at this all you can eat meat fest. mmmm

First of all, I have to mention that it was VERY annoying to have to wait 20 minutes (yes, 20!!!!!) even after having made a reservation weeks in advance.  Seriously, people without reservations were seated much more quickly than we were .  We were about 5 seconds away from making a scene when we were finally seated.

Fortunately, our very nice waiter, Brian made up for our poor lobby experience.  The service was very attentive and accommodating.  We got 5 plates of the fried bananas, which are in several people's opinion, the best part of the meal.  YUMMY!!!!!  The rest of the food was very decent as well.  We tried (by our accounting) all 15 types of meats on the menu.  My personal favorites were the lamb chops and leg of lamb (no trend here hahaha ).  Some other favorites were the frank steak, chicken wrapped in bacon and ribs.

The "salad" bar was very good as well.  We enjoyed that everything was labeled so that we knew what we were eating.  This is all compared to Picanha, the other Brazilian steakhouse that we've been to.  Picanha has the reputation of being more authentic and a better bang for the buck.  Nothing I have seen discredits this.  Although there is a lot to be said for the cleanliness and the clarity of the menu and the labeling of the salad bar at Chima's.  I have to say Chima is a good experience if you can get it at a discount, but I personally am partial to Picanha's brisket and mmmm skirt steak mmmmm. *wipe drool* .  Hahaha
So.. restaurant week offerings are limited?

where was the baby top sirloin, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, rib eye, flank steak? 

Probably have to give this place another shot on a non-restaurant week day.
The meal was filled with great food! I would recommend it, if your next trip to Brazil is far away! However, the service was poor:

1) The server did not tell us how to get the food. They work in a team, but we had to stop someone after about 15 minutes and simply ask how we get the food.

2) The manager asked us about our experience. We told her about the tough start, she apologized and got the picanha sent right to the table. However, she talked to the server about our complaint. The remainder of the evening that server did not make eye contact with us, even we he came to refill drinks, ask about desserts, or pay the bill.

3) There was no toilet paper in the $65/person restrooms.

The food was delicious and the manager did address our issues. However, we will never return.
Now don't get me wrong, the food is amazing but honestly, for the money I'm spending, we got the same 4 gauchos coming over time after time. There was at least 8/9 things we never saw. I don't know, if I'm dropping $150 on a dinner, I'd like to experience as much of it as possible. I don't know if we will be back
I visited Chima twice and both times were during restaurant week because Chima is expensive on a regular night. 

The special for restaurant week was still a absolutely great deal. For $35 you received appetizers, salad bar and six meats. All unlimited. 

I am a meat lover and the top sirloin was THE BEST! And there is no need to worry if a certain meat is not making it way to your section, just ask one of the kind employees and they will have it sent to your table as soon as possible. My friends and I did this a couple of times for the sirloin. 

I do not think any of the meats were bad, its just depends on your taste. The chicken wrapped in bacon didn't really appeal to me, well, since it is a Brazilian Steakhouse and all I desired was beef. 

They provide two good cuts each time they stop at the table and if you have to wait awhile for service will provide you with an extra cut. 

My number tip would be not to fall into the trap of the apps or the salad bar. Do not get me wrong, both have delicious options but you do not wait to full up and have no room for the main attraction.
The only thing I don't like about this place is the price (too pricey to come more often) and the fact that every time a come here I put on a few pounds :)

I recommend you to starve yourself for a few days before you go and another few days after you go. 

You pay a fixed price for all you can eat. It's difficult to remember that you are there for the meat when you visit the salad bar, they have all kind of tasty stuff: beef carpaccio, calamari salad, gorgonzola mousse, smoked salmon...it's hard to resist. They also bring complimentary hot appetizers to the table. I remember the cheese balls...they were great! 
They give you a coin that you flip when you are ready for more meat. There are many cuts of meat and fish. Ribeye, filet mignon, filet wrapped in bacon are my favorite.  When you can't diferenciate the cuts of meat anymore, it's probably the time to stop eating. I always quite a little bit to late and I feel like could leave that place rolling.

The dessert is not included in the price but who has room for dessert?
I was here recently with a large group of abut 20 for their Express Lunch.  For about $17 I got the full salad bar and a really well prepared steak done perfectly medium rare.  For a different set price of only a couple of dollars, one could go with salmon or chicken.

The salad bar was well stocked and even had some surprises like a cream vegetable soup that was very tasty.  The restaurant was clean, the service was spot on, and everyone had a very nice time.  

I highly recommend the Express Lunch at Chima.  It was a nice surprise for me.
Came here with the family a few months ago.  Previously, I've been to Fogo de Chao and Picanha, and this was my first time going to Chima.

In short, the experience wasn't bad.  Service was there and the food was alright.  The beef rib I thought was a tad fatty and not very appealing.  The lamb cuts were overcooked and not as rare/tender as I prefer (even though I requested medium rare).  They oftfer seafood too, which (I believe) they don't have at Fogo or Picanha.

On the plus side, the atmosphere was MUCH nicer than Fogo or PIcanha.
The decor and ambiance here is classic. Upon entering the restaurant the hostess was friendly and greeted us with a smile. This restaurant is a Brazilian Steakhouse and had an abundance of meat. The tables were elegantly set and the waiter greeted us with a fresh warm roll upon being seated. 

Through out the evening there was a myriad of various types of beef, chicken, lamb, fish and pork. I was told that whenever I wanted to sample different cut or type of meat, I simply had to turn over the place card that I had been given upon seating. I must admit that it seemed to be a quick moment before the wait staff would notice the card was turned over, and they quickly approached the table to offer me another food to sample. 

While the food was in abundance, I found the salad bar to be lacking. The salad bar had a sample of various cold salads, but seemed to be missing an array of other possible hot choices to accompany the huge variety of meats. Although I eat meat, it was too overwhelming and offered too many meat options with a limited of variety of seafood (again, I get it is a steakhouse). The ambiance was good and the food was ok, but this is a place that I wouldn't have to visit again.
I am sitting here in the lobby of Chima now.  Where I have been sitting for an hour in spite of having a reservation.  When we walked in, they told us "10 minutes" and kept repeating that line.  Management must be either totally inept or totally unconcerned.  Our party is now all on their phones to find somewhere we can go to just eat instead of celebrate my wife's birthday at Chima.  What a shame.  I've been here before and enjoyed it, but they need management and systems badly.  I won't ever be coming back, unfortunately.
Just another Fogo de Chao.  I'm not sure how Chima gets average of 3 stars and Fogo is 4.5, I really don't think there's much of a difference in the food, or service. 

Chima has a slightly larger selection on the salad bar, a little more cheeses and cured meats.  There cheese selection was fabulous. The artichokes were too spicey for me, which was a dissappointment. But everything else on the salad bar was amazing, the smoked salmon with the cheese side spread was awesome.

The meats were very good.  Some meat wasn't rare enough, so they cooked me a new slab to my liking. Very fast and nice servers.  The filet mignon was to die for, sooo tastey.  Better than Fogo!  But, the other meat choices were a little less than Fogo.  However, Chima offers salmon and swordfish, neither of which is offered by Fogo.  So, having choices of fish I would much rather than extra meat.

Overall, its basically the same as Fogo, either one is a winner!
Absolutely ridiculous tipping procedure. Came here for sips on a Wednesday - was charged 34% included tip on the subtotal of my bill. They informed me afterwards that this tip was on the discounted subtotal; nowhere on the menu was this said anywhere. 

30 dollars for tip for a couple of beers, a couple of low quality meat dishes, and subpar service (where the waiter purposely came less to prevent us from ordering more during happy hour) is egregious. Will not be returning here again. Better to take my money to Fogo.
They are running restaurant week at $35 per head.  This price only came with limited choice of meat.  It's really limited - We had to wait about 20 - 25 minutes for a service of meat coming by because we were presented special tag - second class customers.  Full service is $49.50.  Purpose of eating Brazilian BBQ is not to get a pile of meat when you see them coming by.  Rather you selectively choose small portion as they are supposed to come by in minutes again and you eat fresh.
Not to night!  You waited, and waited, got a little bite, then waited and waited again.  Salad plate was not changed to main course plate at all.  I finally had to ask for that service so I don't mix my salad left over with meat.  Food quality is 3.5 stars while service and hospitality deserved 1 star the most.  We spent $190 for four people on this restaurant week special?  They drew new customers in to tell them they don't serve a second chance.
My experience here use to be top notch and it kept decreasing the more I go. Last time I came here was for restaurant week. I was so excited thinking that I could enjoy ALL their meats for a discounted price. Wrong!!! They left out the key items I was really looking forward to. No lamb chops!!! WHAT!??!!! That made me extremely sad. But, that wasn't the end of it. Their meats have not been the same lately. They are all seasoned basically the same, even the garlic sirloin!! :-( This was my other favorite piece of meat here before. I use to love the strong scent of garlic aroma in my nostrils and the flavors on my tongue, but now it's just ehhh.

Service also use to be better too. With the last few visits, they would cram us into this tiny area. I think they are now more concerned with how many people they can fit into a place and just kept adding more and more tables. Also, my husband's drink came out very slow too. He was basically already getting so full before the drink even arrived. It wasn't a special drink or anything. Just a simple red sangria.

The thing that still saves this place is their salad bar. I love the variety they offer. This still has good flavor to it. They have salads, soups, rice, cheese, etc etc. I probably will not be back here again bc I've been dissapointed the last few times. I prefer Nabrasa, but just the drive it so so far!!!
Personal Favorites: All 
Style: Brazillian 
Ambiance: Fancy  
Service: Friendly and Good

Note: I went there with my wife and son and friends multiple time. 

I see everybody compare Chima with Fogo De Chao. I understand why. Their presentation is very close. Salad Bar, appetizers, the way meat comes, serving, etc. 

What I recognize as the difference is Ambiance. Fogo De Chao has much better ambiance than Chima, but that doesn't make Chima bad or Fogo better. 

Between the two restaurants, I think the most important thing is your server and the way he/she serves. If you have a great server, you will have a great experiencee if not you will have a bad experience. 

Excellent Job Chima for having beautiful ladies welcoming with a great smile and they let you feel like you are Politician or very Rich Businessman. Maybe you are:) If you are not they make you feel that way :) 

Also, I like Managers being around and checking tables :) 

Great work Chima
So- I'll say this...Food is incredible, as is the service. But honestly, I don't think anyone has enough room in their stomachs to get the most for your money here. So if you're hungry (as in, haven't eaten in days) then I suggest visiting Chima. If you're only slightly peckish, skip this place and head over to The Palm for the petite filet minus the meat coma/guilt.

If you're getting taken out for a corporate dinner or whatever other reason you're not paying then run to Chima. Otherwise, skip the gluttony of the Brazilian steakhouse experience and just have a steakhouse one.
Having now eaten at Fogo, Picanha, Na Brasa, and finally Chima, the four churrascarias that I know of in the Philadelphia area (as well as churrascarias in NY, CT, MD, and VA, and numerous cities in Brasil including Porcao, the peak dining experience of this restaurant genre) I feel confident in judging Chima to be a very good dining experience. Whereas Fogo has something of a more "institutional" vibe to it, I found the atmosphere in Chima to be much more relaxed and pleasant for being together with friends. We actually closed out the place, being the very last to leave that night, so I think that says something about the ambience.

First of all, the caipirinhas here are fine, though one of the things that bothers me is that you have no other option but having Leblon cachaca in it. Fogo does this as well. This is another tangent altogether, but caipirinhas are supposed to be made with the cheap stuff (51, Pitu, etc.), and the aged versions are to be served neat. The salad bar is more than adequate, and while not as varied as Fogo's, you shouldn't be at a loss for good options. The black beans and rice that they served were probably the most authentic of any to be found in the city. The pao de queijo and croqueta table starters are average, as are the accompaniments that come with the main course.

The meat is very good. For me, linguica is the touchstone of a churrascaria in America to be able to see whether they are trying to provide an authentic dining experience, or trying to pass off cheap stuff on unaware guests. In this regard, I give the linguica high marks. I also found the picanha (top sirloin) to be delicious and very authentic. Filet is great too. I don't think that you can go wrong with the beef options at Chima. For people who might have said that the meat is dry or overcooked, you can get whatever doneness you like, just ask the server and he will cut from the hunk of meat accordingly. The only cut that I did have a problem with was the lamb chop, which was overdone. I also acknowledge that it is nice for them to offer a fish option, though it's nothing that I would get; churrascarias are all about meat! I definitely look forward to going back, especially with the promotional coupons and deals that they do periodically.
This review is for $35 dinner during Restaurant week. They were offering full menu at $55.99 which included some lamb and chicken options as well. But, we decided to stay with the regular option. This place is the best place for trying Brazilian-style dining. There is a regular salad bar with lot of meat and soup options. There were some Mexician options on  the salad table. The place is large and the servers just kept coming. They would cut the meat based on your liking - rare, medium or well done. They also catered to small special requests. They had philly cheesesteak as well. Very delicious meats. No complaints. However, no desert was included, which was disappointing. I expected deserts, but it was fine as we were full with all the meats. 
Advice, go easy on the salad bar and hard on the meats. The meats are awesome.
My husband and I recently checked out Chima to celebrate during our wedding weekend. The atmosphere is very warm and inviting, and felt much more intimate than Fogo de Chao (which feels like a mess hall to me). They had a great selection of drinks, which were listed on an iPad menu (prices were listed). We both opted for craft beers with our meat, which were served in appropriate glassware (important if you're a beer snob). The salad bar had a great variety and items to suit every palate. I especially enjoyed the seafood pasta and creamy vegetable soup. The table served appetizers were also good, particularly the cheese bread. The meats were absolutely exceptional- very well prepared, seasoned appropriately, and were served steadily. We did not have to ask for particular cuts, as we did at other Brazilian steakhouses, because the gauchos were making the rounds very quickly. My favorite was the lamb chops- very flavorful, juicy, and cooked well. Overall, we were very happy with the service, food, and atmosphere. Chima is definitely our choice for Brazilian steakhouses in Philadelphia.
My wife and I went here because we got a promotional flier and I was curious what Fogo's competition would look like. Surprisingly similar, with the exception of the decor which was a mix of casino meets asian steakhouse.  The 'salad' bar was bigger than Fogo's, I'd say better than Fogo's.  The meat was wonderful, as was to be expected.  The service however was not up to Fogo's standard.  At Fogo I feel like a minor dignitary, I actually had a guy run for a plate so I wouldn't have to move three feet out of my way.  At Chima the wait staff is distant and more of the service I would expect at an Apple bees (passable but not great).  The dress code was completely lax as well, which didn't add to the atmosphere, we were seated next to a guy wearing nylon shorts and a white t-shirt (stained), while we were in suit and dress.  We did enjoy dinner though and I would recommend you try it!
Went here for dinner with a few friends before nye and it was really good. Service is fast and interactive. It does get a little overwhelming with all the servers running around but the food is tasty.
Large meat selections, great salad bar also but don't fill up there! This is not the place to go if you're not ready to eat a lot of meat. You have the option of picking out how you like your meat and it all comes at a steady pace as long as you're aware of how the system works here. 
You'll get a token that will let your server know if you'd like the meat options or if you're content at the moment. 
This place is pricey but worth it for a special occasion if you're up for it. When we went, it was really busy but we were never forgotten about.
Came here during Restuarant week for my birthday. It was a great time with my family to eat out and have all the meat I want. My family got the restuarant week deal while I got the complete Rodizio, which is the complete course. 
I went on Yelp to reserve a spot for the night, and it was good. They let my group gather around the bar for happy hour. 
The bar is separate from the restuarant but it's a good waiting spot.

Going inside the restuarant was really nice. The first thing you can see is the salad bar where they served different cheeses, beans, rice, meats, and more! My group was sitted and we got the menu and got the circle card that symbolized if you were going to keep going and getting food or stopping. 
I tried each meat and I have to say that I loved the rare NY strip and the Angus Picanha (the Jalapeno was delicious). The pineapple was sweet and tasty and the lamb was super delicious. 

I ended it off with cheesecake to end my day. It was super delicious and I would definitely come back for a date night.
I've never written a review before so this would be my first time. Also, this will be the last time we'll be eating in this restaurant. Ever. Don't worry. Service, in terms of the usual hi how are you and so on was great. However, the entire experience was dull. First of all, we reserved for mother's day. Since the first time we got here, we felt like it was a mistake. This restaurant was so racist. They seated us all the way in the back because we're Asians. Then the people who they call "chefs" came to our table one by one but they were asking us with a sour face whether we want the certain kind of meat or not. Then, we didnt even have enough time to decide, they walked away as if we didnt want anything. Really? Then when they all think that we're done. They didnt even bother to come to our table anymore. They just keep skipping us like we're homeless in the corner waiting for food. I tell you, the busser (Nick) worked way harder than the chefs or the servers. What kind of business is this place running? I'm telling you, Fogo De Chao was well worth more than this scam and it's cheaper than what they charged too. So NOT recommended.
A year or so ago friends of ours suggested we all visit this place after a Phillies game.  Plans for that fell through, but the dream lived on.  In the year since, I have heard many folks talk about how great Brazilian steakhouses are.

This week is our anniversary.  A friend of mine had a show in Philly that we planned on attending.  I figured dinner would complement that well.  I began researching Chima.  My wife signed off on it and we made reservations.

I love being able to have filet, lamb, sirloin, pork, etc. all in the same meal.  That is the takeaway from this meal: variety.

The salad bar is large and makes a good visual impression.  Next visit, however, I will probably pass on it so there is more room for meat.  I eat pretty much a paleo diet.  Because of that, I shunned the various salads save spinach and mushrooms.  I picked some sliced meats and roasted peppers.  Yum!  The asparagus were trees.  Yikes!  Everything was visually appealing.  The taste was fine, but not outstanding.  Chilled plates would greatly enhance my opinion of the salad bar.

Once we finished the salad course, we decided to see how the meat worked.  We turned over the cards.  The gauchos began arriving.  I passed on chicken as I always eat chicken.  My wife proclaimed that it was the best meat she had all evening.  It wasn't long before I turned the card to stop as we had lots of meat on our plate.  I ended up tasting everything save that chicken and the seafood.  Tonight, my favorite meat was the garlic sirloin, which I ate several slices of.  The leg of lamb did not come out until the end of our meal.  It did not impress me.  Nor did the chicken wrapped in bacon or the sausage.  The leg of lamb was dry, the chicken overcooked, and the sausage was blah.  The sirloin and the filet, however, were outstanding.  I thought the ribeye would have been my favorite.  It was fine, but paled to the sirloins.

I was impressed with how the gauchos cut the meats from the spits.  I enjoyed the lamb chops.  After serving my wife, there were no other medium-rare.  The gaucho apologized and said he would bring me out some.  In the time between, I had flipped my card.  That did not deter him.  I was grateful for his attention.

Meat.  Lots of it.  Loved it.

My wife wanted us to have dessert.  I had decided I had finally filled up on the meat.  The last filet in butter convinced me.  We opted for the papaya cream and the chocolate-coffee mousse.  I liked the papaya cream; it was light and refreshing after such a heavy meal.  The mousse was dense and a meal of itself.  It was cut with the raspberry sorbet.  It was tasty, just the wrong choice for us after such a big meal.

I enjoyed our meal out.  Meat.  That's what dining here is about.  You can have meat prepared more elegantly elsewhere, but you won't have the variety on your plate nor the amount.  

We agreed that this would be a fun place to enjoy with a larger group of people.  Chima exudes a festive evening out.
Chima is really at 4.5 stars, but I don't just hand 5s out.

I've been here over ten times and can honestly say that the experiences I've had have varied greatly (from perfect to good).  The first time I went there, I went in with no expectations (the best way to go to a place you've never been to before) and it completely knocked my socks off.  Service was impeccable, salad bar was a tremendously pleasant surprise, meats were awesome, and the drinks were perfect.  

Unfortunately, not every experience has been that good.  I've noticed a range in quality on many cuts of meat.  The filet mignon, for instance, MELTED in my mouth on one occasion and was much tougher and flavorless on another.  The parmesan crusted pork is usually a favorite of mine, but sometimes it seems dry and rather bland.  One thing that seems to never disappoint though is the bacon wrapped chicken...simply delectable every time.  The lamb is also nice...my father mentioned one time that the gaucho was cutting from the most desirable parts of the lamb.

I love the salad bar and sides.  The variety is great and it's all quality stuff.  The cheese balls are nice.

To be fair, I think a lot of the reason why I'm only giving this 4 stars is because I've been here so many times and have seen it at its best and less than best times.

As far as a comparison to Fogo, I liked Chima more.  I guess I had higher expectations going into Fogo, but all in all Chima was better.  At the time it was significantly cheaper (now they are about a $2 difference in price I believe) and Chima had a better salad bar.  The meats and drinks seemed pretty comparable.  Meats are saltier at Fogo but I like them both ways.  And decor, Chima wins by a landslide.  I was surprised at the bright, almost boring setting of Fogo.  They try to pull off the classic look but I don't think they do it well.  Chima has that swanky, new modern look that you'd want to take a date to.  Definitely an A in decor.

One word about price -- the rodizio alone is now $49.50 a head.  Mixed drinks are about $10 each...so if you go ALL out (rodizio, 2 drinks, coffee, and dessert), you are looking at more like $100 per person after tax and tip.  Definitely worth it when you want it but I have to be fair with what you actually end up spending here.
Eeek, no way. Never coming back! Hubby and I are big Fogo de Chao fans but they weren't participating in restaurant week so we gave Chima a try.

BIG MISTAKE.

I already had a premonition that it was going to be a bad night. The hostesses at the front were cold, indifferent, and actually laughed as they tried to pronounce my name. It was so rude.

Hubby and I were seated and ignored for a while. No one told us about the salad bar so we just sat and waited. Eventually a waitress came over to see what drinks we wanted (we didn't want any we were hungry!) and she finally told us about the salad bar and gave us those red/green coasters. The salad bar was decent (not nearly as good as Fogo's but still okay.) 

We flipped our coasters to green. Maybe 2 of the gaucho's stopped at our table. For the next 45 minutes they kept passing our table and would only stop if I made eye contact with them. It was awful. We were starting to get full on the salad even though we came to eat steak. Our water was empty and only got refilled when we asked for it. 

I was getting pissed because I was not about to pay $35 per person for salad so my husband asked a waiter to speak to a manager. 15 minutes later, no manager so my husband got up and tracked him down. He was actually great and sent all of the gaucho's to our table. He also gave us free drinks and free dessert. Our waitress was angry that we spoke with a manager and was very cold to us the rest of the evening. 

It was a really awful experience to the point that the food couldn't make up for it. We hardly ate any of the meats because we got full while we sat and waited. Maybe if the manager had offered to cover our meal I would have considered returning but I paid $70 for almost nothing. 

It made us appreciate the good service at Fogo de Chao so much more, and their meats are better as well. Don't come here. This place has nothing unique to offer.
Let me start off by saying we called to make a reservation for 7pm at 6:30pm during restaurant week- and they were able to accommodate us! Amazing. That being said, we enjoyed the selection. The $35 price included unlimited access to the salad bar (which was plentiful and well managed) and all meats excluding filet and lamb. The hubby and I also took advantage of their $30 bottle of wine (marked down from $45 for restaurant week). 
     After starting off with some salad bar options, we began to get meat brought over. The gauchos were very speedy and very courteous, often times offering more than one slice of any given meat. When we saw sirloin pass by twice, we mentioned to our waiter to have them stop and within 1 minute he came to our table. Very attentive! 
     The manager stopped by and asked how everything was - we were very pleased and although we didn't have a conversation with him, I think it's a great show of management to stop and interact with their patrons. 
     Lastly, I have to mention our waiter Rob. What a great guy! He was so kind and helpful (even mentioned some of his favorite wines). Very attentive to clear plates and went above and beyond the level of service one would expect due to restaurant week crowds. He really exemplified what I believe to be a good waiter.
Can't wait to go back!
Restaurant week review: I couldn't help but compare Chima to its competitor that's down the street. Price was $35 for a limited selection of meats and no dessert.. They offered the full churassco plus dessert for $50 but that personally is too pricey for me to spend on one meal. I felt like I was discriminated for choosing the limited meat selection! Every time a server came up with meat, he'd turn around seeing that I didn't have the full selection. I swear every server had a meat for the regular churrasco and none for me. There weren't that many meat servers as compared to its competitor. I was waiting long periods in between my meats and I was unhappy. The only meat I really got was the top sirloin, everything else, I had to personally ask my waiter to order for me. Not to mention, the meats that I did receive were all so salty. Was so underwhelmed and disappointing. I regret choosing Chima over Fogo! My dad felt embarrassed becuz he was made to feel like he couldnt afford the full churassco and was left waiting for meat constantly and everyone else was getting consistently served. But my servers Gabby and Hamilton were great; I just didn't find worth in the food and the dining experience. Constantly waiting and watching others get meats left and right. 

I think everyone received a $20 coupon for next time use but I don't think we will be coming back.
Oh, Chima- there were so many reasons I wanted to love you more than Fogo. For one, we appreciate coupons, and coupons from your website for $20 off the meal are A-ok with me. Two, your waitstaff is wonderful- very helpful, attentive without being pushy and friendly to my children (whereas Fogo looked horrified by their presence). Also, you didn't charge us anything for the kids, which is awesome, especially since their meal consisted of olives, rolls and rice. Also, the atmosphere was great, especially as the crowd started to build.

But, dear Chima, Fogo outdoes you in the food department. The servers were constantly without meat that was medium rare, causing my poor meat/blood starved husband to wait with his little card for someone to bring him something from the kitchen. I was excited for a fish selection, which Fogo does not have, but the fish was actually tough and visibly overcooked. For what it is worth, I thought your sides were better than Fogo's, though they basically consist of the same foods. Overall, the food was "ok," and for the price, I wanted more in the quality department.
This review solely based on their foods, drinks and services that they gave during my friend's wedding party.

First was the drinks/bar. It was good. Love it. Even though the situation was getting quite hectic, but I applaud those bartenders. They didn't get upset or anything. They served everyone quickly and without complaining.

Then comes their salad bar. They have good varieties. (I didn't go to Fogo yet. So I don't know if Fogo's salad bigger or higher quality or whatever. What I ate over there at Chima was good)

Next was the main menu. The meats. Don't judge me. That was the first time I ate at a brazilian steakhouse. The way things work was new, and I found it pretty neat. Their meat is delicious. I love it.

Excellent service too!

Overall, it is a new and satisfying experience for me. I'll be back for sure.
Had an excellent time here - was with a large group (10+) and had awesome drink service/suggestions, never once felt rushed, and realized on our way out we'd been there for 3 hours. 

Would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun dinner with a large group. Or if you like LOTS of meat. Best were the top sirloin and the bacon-wrapped fillet. MMmmmm....
Never honors coupons and specials or gift cards mandated by their HQ. \_()_/ call me broke for dining there using coupons but the one in Reston VA let us use them without any issues...

Edit in response to Cynthia: I don't know why you're assuming I tried to combine coupons. The two times I've been there y'all didn't honor A (1) single coupon I got in an email from Chima. I didn't want to be that black persons making a scene so I let it go. Again, never had any coupon issues with the Reston VA location but Philly location always has excuses...
