China Gourmet is a very pleasant surprise if you, like me, love a traditional dim sum Chinese brunch every once and a while. 

Situated on St. Vincent Street in Northeast Philly between Brous Avenue and Roosevelt Boulevard in Mayfair, it is a large house in a developing Asian neighborhood that puts out trolley carts loaded with small dish treats both savory and sweet, at reasonable prices and with the expected hussle and flow that this dining style uniquely delivers. Admittedly, the aggressive nature of the cart ladies hawking their delicacies takes some getting used to. You have to be able to say "no" when you feel overwhelmed by the surrounding din. But, know that slowing down the onslaught is proper, and multiple opportunities will present themselves. Just take what you want in the moment and let the trolley women return when you are ready for more. 

The most important thing at China Gourmet is that they know from dim sum. There are dozens of choices and most of them are good to great. Shrimp and pork shumai, shrimp hargow, beef rice rolls w vinegar, fried stuffed buns, various dumplings, fish filled chili peppers, egg tarts and many others are well prepared and served hot or cold as appropriate. My bowl of congee was also decent with plenty of ground pork and fresh cut scallion on top. There is plenty more, but you get the picture. 

What's even better is the availability of FREE PARKING right in front of the restaurant, and the large Asian supermarket and Vietnamese kitchen right next door. The money saved is like getting a 25% discount off your check! Hard to beat! 

Now that we've experienced the fun and convenience of a strong dim sum morning with grocery shopping for dessert, Chinatown has lost some of its cultural luster for us (not completely). 

Gotta love it!
So this review is just for dimsum.  We've been here twice and it gets better each time.  First the restaurant is huge and can accommodate a lot of people.  This is an area in Busleton that some consider to be the next up and coming new Chinatown.

On a Sat brunch time it was busy which was reassuring so that food would be fresh.  They have all the essentials shumai, hakgow and roast pork buns.  My favorites are the fried almond bun with roast pork buns.  They also have lots of flat noodles with shrimp or beef.  The congee is just ok not great.  The service is better than most other dimsum places.  Prices are reasonable.  There is also free parking in the lot.

The only knock is that this place is so cold that in winter you may need to keep your coats on.  We mentioned it to staff and they couldn't do much about it.  However food is good, nice selections and prompt service so we will definitely be back!
We've been getting dim sum takeout from China Gourmet for quite some now. Even though China Gourmet is in Northeast Philly, and a lot further than Chinatown's Ocean Harbor and Ocean City, it is worth the 50 minutes roundtrip drive. 

We've never eaten inside the restaurant, as it's just my husband and I, and we've gotten used to getting dim sum to go since the pandemic started. Also, I can't imagine how long the wait time can be during peak dim sum hour. 

Anyway, The variety and quality of the dim sum dishes here are just so much better. And the fact that I have not gotten food poisoning from here gets an extra star from me. Yay China Gourmet!
Our group was made up of 3 adults and one child.  We went on a Wednesday morning around 11:30 and had no trouble getting a table.  Even at that early time, the place was over half full.  It's one giant room with tanks along the one wall where you can pick what you want, from eel to lobster to fish and crab. All the Staff could not have been nicer.

We were there to try their Dim Sum, which is served from 9:30 til 3 and were so into eating the many dishes that we picked from the carts, that I forgot to take pictures.  From various stuffed dumplings, eggplant stuffed with shrimp, egg rolls to fresh Chinese broccoli tops, to other noodle dishes, the food kept coming and we kept enjoying.

To be truthful, we really weren't sure what some of them were but we tried maybe 10 or 11 and all were very good.  Of course we asked about some but half the fun of Dim Sum is trying things you might not otherwise try. What we enjoyed would not even put a dent into the amount of great looking items that were being brought around, so a few more visits are definitely planned.

For the above, with hot tea, the bill before tip came to around $50.  It's a BYO.  A very fun experience.
I wish we had come for the dim sum which only is served daily from 9:30am to 3pm.

Came here for a late dinner after a discussion as to where to go with the family as four Center City restaurants called had no openings until 9pm or not at all.  I mentioned China Gourmet as I remembered Craig LaBan's fantastic review and although I warned the kids and wife that this was not Americanized Chinese food, they wanted to go.

The restaurant seats 400 and had ample room tonight.  A 50th birthday party took up a good chunk of seats, and other Chinese families were in the numerous round tables.  We were seated quickly.

On our one side was a massive stadium sized tv silently playing what looked like China's version of The Voice but with audience participation.  On the other side was a couple dozen tanks with shrimp, crab (only could fit three in one tank they were so big), and all kinds of fish and lobster for the picking.  The kids in the restaurant enjoyed gazing at future dinners.

The menu is full of all kinds of legit Cantonese foods and we were not about to go whole hog/frog/eel into stomach, intestines, feet, and other body parts.  The menu in the back had about five pre-fixe prices and we chose one for $58 which included tofu with eggplant, ginger scallion lobster, fried pork, and a soup.  We also paid for 1/2 Peking duck.  

The Peking duck was A+ with the ginger and buns and hoisin.  Crunchy and delicate skin; we just killed that rather quickly.  The fried pork was also rather good, if not a bit over cooked to where some pieces were a little tough to get through.  Found out it wasn't boneless the hard way.  Everything else was just not to our liking although I'm sure it was cooked just fine.  The lobster in ginger was coated in a clear gelatinous something that texture-wise made the lobster taste weird.  The soup had great broth but also pieces of clear fat which we did not like.  The carrots in the soup were good.  The tofu with its companion eggplant also had stuffed jalapeño which was a surprise.  The sauce it was in was good, but none of us were a fan of the dish.  

Everything came out at the same time probably less than 10 minutes after we ordered.  We all shared the dishes.  The complementary hot tea was great and made me have several cups.  At the end of the meal, we were served orange quarters.

I think my wife was really looking forward to trying out the dim sum and the funny looking buns.  We probably won't come back again for dinner, but maybe mid-day so we can try them.  

China Gourmet was just not our thing overall, but that duck was awesome.

Service was very quick and attentive.  

$110 including tax and tip for four.
Love this place for DIM SUM. Been coming here a handful of times now. Before, I was a little sadden when Imperial Inn closed their doors for good and thought the choices of options left were slim. Non the less, my family told me about China Gourmet and their availability of options are endless. 

They were also able to accommodate large parties. I had a party of 20 and were seated with no issues. I suggest that you asked to be seated on the main floor because the carts hardly ever go into the back of the private party rooms. Getting the ladies attention to be served can get irritating. Beware though, on the weekends it does get overly crowded. However, a waiting area is provided.

I also like how there's plenty of free parking available. No need to drive into the city to Chinatown. Plus it opens earlier too (9:30 AM). Carts are kept rolling full of hot and fresh items. I don't get to go out for DIM SUM much, so I'll abuse it and order just about everything. Hey, at least I get to take them home too.
Philly's really gone downhill in terms of serving authentic, Cantonese-style dim sum, which is really sad. This is the only place my family's been able to find that serves decent dim sum in the last 10 years. This place gets really packed on the weekends, so I would suggest getting here early, before packs of people show up. On certain holidays, I have seen how chaotic and organized the seating system can be, be forewarned. 

Dim sum is served trolley style, a practice that is becoming obsolete. You order which flavor of tea you'd like, and you pick out any offerings that roll by. If I could pick out my favorites here, I would say that when it's fresh and piping hot, I am impartial to the ha cheung (shrimp in steamed rice rolls), the shrimp dumplings (har gow), and their roast pork buns with a sweet topping that is very similar to the Chinese pineapple bun. 

They're currently running a 2 for $18.95 lobster special - funny enough, I tried it with my immediate family on Thursday morning and the lobster lacked flavor, but I tried it again with extended family last night and the lobster was quite flavorful. I suspect it has do to with who the chef is in the kitchen. Other fare that I've tried in the last two days include Beijing pork chops (crispy, tender, and not drenched in sauce), seafood pan fried egg noodles, and scallop and salted fish fried rice (delicious!). Overall, if you would rather make the trek to the Northeast for decent Chinese food and ample parking, I would probably pick this place over any establishment in Chinatown any day.
Finally OPEN on 4/26!!! Probably the largest Chinese restaurant in NE Philadelphia.

We had dim sum twice already.  The restaurant is huge, full of tables in high ceiling, spaces between tables, feel more comfortable.

They have good service too, the waiters and waitresses are very helpful with warm smiles.

They have a huge seafood tank with live fish, shrimp, lobster etc...must come back for dinner soon...

They also have private function rooms with karaoke.

Overall, very pleased to have a good Chinese restaurant in our neighborhood.  You know how hard to find a parking spot in Chinatown, they have a huge parking lot. And they serve dim sum till 3pm so we can have late lunch...

TASTY FOOD!!! HAPPY CUSTOMERS!!!
China Gourmet easily deserves all the hype that they've been receiving. The food is fantastic and fresh. The service is more efficient and (a little) less chaotic than their Chinatown counterparts. And the space is overall cleaner and running like a well-oiled machine. 

We ordered a plethora of typical dim sum dishes like their Har Gow, Siu Mai, Turnip Cakes, Shrimp-stuffed eggplant, steamed rice rolls, the sweet yellow cake, and so much more! I don't know what they're translated in english, so it's hard to describe LOL. 

You can tell that they make almost everything by scratch, which is such a nice touch. Every dish was flavorful and well done. We couldn't believe it. It's the best dim sum in the Philly area, and even better than the dim sum I had in NY the weekend after. Just upped my dim sum standards tremendously. 

An absolute Philly must-try.

Bonus points because of the large parking lot & surrounding street parking! & they accept credit cards!
We were excited to try the Peking duck at this restaurant after reading Craig LeBan's list of his best dishes of 2018. We were very disappointed.  

We ordered a whole duck. When the dish arrived we had high hopes. The presentation was classic but when we dug in we were sadly disappointed. Rather than nice crispy skin, we got duck with an enormous amount of unrendered subcutaneous fat resulting in soggy, placid, greasy skin. I know from the way you described the dish you recognize that the major charm of Peking duck is crispy flavorful skin that does not wilt when placed on the pancake. There was no hint of crispiness when I took a bite of the pancake even when I tried it without the sauce (sacrilege, I know but I was trying everything I could). Even the shredded vegetable (I could not tell if it was ginger or scallion) was wilted and tasteless. 

For reference, we arrived at 7:00 PM, the place was empty, we were seated near the kitchen exit and saw no other Peking duck orders going out. Given the early hour and lack of crowd, I saw no reason why they were unable to give their best effort to properly prepare the dish. 

The senior person at the restaurant cam over to the table and asked what we thought. We pointed out the pile of soggy skin, pooled grease and fatty meat. He made no comment and walked away. What I took from this was that this is the usual way this dish is served and he saw nothing unusual.  

The spicy clam in hot broth was salty and equally unimpressive.
Chinatown used to be the go-to hub for Asian food, but apparently, that is no more as the property prices caused many Asians to move away from the city. 

Up popped this little restaurant that makes delicious food without the hustle and bustle of the city. First of all, this is no Ocean Harbor if you are looking for a place to host a party, this is strictly a sit-down restaurant where you place your order and the food is served to you. I also highly recommend having someone who speaks Cantonese with you here.

When you sit down (for dinner), you're served your typical tiny dish of salted peanuts and tea while you wait for the food. We ordered the tofu and fish pot (doufu bo), seafood stir fry with celery, fried fish in pineapple sauce, green vegetable with fermented bean curd (ton choi), sweet and sour pork chop, and a few other dishes that have long been removed from my memories.

Every single type of dish had a different flavor and they were all really good. Nothing stood out as terrible or anything less than flavorful. The fried fish in pineapple sauce was unique and unexpected in a peasant tropical way. The tofu and fish pot was well made with a good proportions of fish and tofu. The vegetables had a nice crunch. I was very satisfied with everything on the menu.
This review's for dim sum only. China Gourmet is such a godsend for the Northeast region. Authentic dim sum with some rare finds you literally can't get anywhere else in the city, including their bbq pork buns (the crust is everything), herbal chicken feet, and sweet Phoenix buns. 

My family and I drive 40mins to come here. When you don't want to deal with parking wars in Chinatown, China Gourmet is a great option since the strip it's on has its own parking lot! 

If I had one complaint, it's that the temperature of the food kind of vary from luke warm to piping hot, but honestly that's all overshadowed by the quality and sheer variety of dishes. 

Overall, ranks among my top 3 Philly dim sum finds, the other two being Ocean Harbor in ctown and Wakano on Washington.
This place is convenient for people who don't want to drive to Chinatown and located next to a Chinese supermarket. However, a few times I've been here there have been huge issues with their sanitation standards and the service is atrocious. Most servers are okay, but one lady in particular, a tall middle age lady with black hair and a stank face always says the most nasty things and gives a horrible attitude totally unprovoked. I live near Chinatown so I don't come here very often but of the few times that I have, this has really stood out to me. Enough to the point that it prompted me to write this review. I've never in my Yelp history given such low ratings but just because they are busy doesn't mean they can treat people like crap. 

I came here and it was 10% full. It was my dads birthday, a big occasion and after a tumultuous few years regarding his health we decided to have our close family come out to a small dinner to celebrate. We asked for a small private room in the back so the kids could have their space. She said we "wouldn't spend enough money to get the room" I've been in the private rooms many times and have never heard of a minimum. The manager told her to bring us to the room and she refused. Not trying to argue with this lady we all left to the restaurant down the street and my dad is heated by the way we were just treated. Mind you, we never have a budget with food when celebrating special occasions. Regardless, we didn't have to explain ourselves to this lady let alone meet these made up requirements. 

This is the same lady that told a family member that she "shouldn't have worn flip flops" when she slipped and fell on their wet bathroom floor and also the same lady that brought us our check and asked if we were ready to leave as soon as our food arrived last time and the time before that. We have a family of about 45 people. None of us want to return here despite the convenient location. We've all been offended by her in our experiences. Nobody deserves to be talked to this way and I hope this business starts seeing the consequences of the horrible attitude of this particular server.
FYI they moved location and the new address is located here: 2842 St. Vincent Street, Philadelphia, PA19149. It's only a couple mins away from the old Bustleton location.  It's very spacious and the dim sum is tasty.
Got curbside pickup recently. Excellent dim sum and Canto food. The owner was very accommodating. They have a special menu that's reasonably priced and filling just for the pandemic. Worth checking out
I have been here several time for Dim sum with family and with friends. It's a great options for Dim sum out side of Chinatown. It's reasonably priced, it can hold a lot of people, it has a parking lot, the service is good, and the dim sum is good !! This last visit, we ordered the tofu rolls with a pork and veggie filling, pork shao mai, shrimp shao mai, har gow, chicken feet, rice noodles filled with shrimp with soy sauce, pineapple buns, eggs tarts, sesame balls filled with mint bean, bbq pork buns, and chive filled dumplings as well !! 
Pro tip: try to get to this establishment early because it gets crowded pretty quick. The pineapple buns are filled with custard and are very delicious !! 
I would like to come back and try their dinner menu !
It was good food food but nothing really special. There is some smell ( maybe fish or something not good smell) bothered me but otherwise it was ok.
The dim sum here has tons and tons of variety, but yet it really lacks in flavor. Also, although the food is in warmers, everything came out luke warm. I enjoy places that food comes out HOT.

My go to dish at every dim sum place is the pork spare ribs, so, when I saw it here, I definitely grabbed one. Although there were tons of meat and barely any fat, I felt like the seasonings weren't there.

Bathrooms - not sure if they're trying to be cheap, but the water pressure was SO LOW that it just wouldn't flush anything. Also, the water for the faucets was so low, that trying to wash the soap off my hands took forever.

I don't think I will be back.
My family usually comes all the way here, from south Philly, for Dim Sun (Think Chinese Brunch But Tapas aNd dumplings). It's definitely one of the cleanest places, but also one of the best tasting places in the city-- even when compared to Chinatown.

 They have classics such as Chicken feet, black bean spare ribs, Crystal Shrimp dumplings, and ShuMai, Bt they have many other things you can't find in Chinatown. They also have way more tables and space so it doesn't feel as crowded or overwhelming as Chinatown- and space includes parking (they're connected to a supermarket which has a fair sized parking lot). 

My family and i have gone for dinner once and it was good as well, but we definitely prefer brunch because it's far from where we are. For dinner, I definitely recommend the sticky fried rice with lobster! So unique and yummy. 

However, I give a 4/5 just because sometimes the food can be inconsistent. Some days the flavor or freshness isn't as good, but overall it's a great place to eat. Definitely a gem away from Chinatown.
I rarely venture outside of the city for Asian food.  We reduced to stop by for some dim sum.  It's good and meets my expectations of dim sum in Chinatown.  

A tip for everyone is that it might take a half hour wait for a large party. This place gets really packed. I was really surprised how many people were waiting.  You gotta get a ticket from the front when you come in. 

Some of my favorite dishes here were the shrimp noodle rolls - they were spot on.  They nailed the soy sauce.   Enjoyed the shrimp dumplings and shy mai.  

If I was in the area, I'd go here, but I wouldn't make the trip up from Center City
I had VERY high hopes but they were dashed...

Friendly staff. Clean restaurant. The dim sum was underwhelming. I had read a positive review and had high hopes. We were served dim sum that might've tasted great but didn't because it was either cold or lukewarm (shrimp balls, pork buns, congee, etc.). It was the height of lunchtime but summer in Philly is slow (Philly-folk leave the city in droves for summer-vacation) and the restaurant wasn't busy. I figure the dim sum sat and cooled. I'll try again another day. We shall see.
This is about 15 mins further from me than Philly Chinatown, and it is worth the extra drive!!!  Of what my family tried during our first dim sum visit this past Sunday, some of the hands down standouts were the fabulously crisp fried, not at all greasy, salt & pepper baby squid (best fried squid I've ever had at any type of restaurant anywhere), string beans, pork shu mai, rice noodles wrapped around fried dough (you tiao), the almond bao (I'm not sure of the exact name but it was an incredible roast pork bun with a crackly-looking, lightly sweet crisp almost shell-like exterior-- I never had this before and it is outrageously dangerously delicious)... 5 of us stuffed ourselves with dim sum for about $100 with tip.  We will definitely return to try some of the dishes we missed.  If you like dim sum, you will love it here.  Tip- we got there just before 10:30 and were seated right away, but it filled up fast. Bonus is the humongous Asian grocery store next store.
I didn't understand why there was a line when there were multiple tables open, but I thought this place was ok. If you're in the neighborhood looking for a dim sum spot, I'd go here. There wasn't anything exceptional about the food. We were sat in the back corner so I feel like we did get as much attention. Walking past the area where the food came out, that looks like where you wanted to be seated. It was ok.
Never order combo on this sheet. Although it says it's a "special price combo", they didn't put any prices on this shit because the majority of the dishes on this list only cost $12-13 for each, but they will charge you $48 for three of those dishes and won't let you know the exact prices. When you going back and argue that, the manager will assaulted you using aggressive language and told you it's all your fault instead theirs. "You are the one choosing these cheap dishes and you deserve this". Why didn't they put a price on this promotion sheet? Because they intend to trap some idiots who put so much trust on this restaurant. It is CHEATING. It's a fraud on the menu and a completely fraud on promotion.
This review is for the NEWER location with the large parking lot and grocery store next door.

Stopped in for dim sum one Sunday because of some talk about a good review in a local magazine. Well I'm a dim sum gal, so I had to check it out. Don't let the bad reviews here shy you away...especially from those who don't know how Cantonese food is made *insert side eye*

Everything we had here was fresh, hot and delicious! I would recommend the chicken feet, ginger tripe, shrimp dumplings, beef tripe stew, blood cakes...we'll basically everything. If you have young ones, they'll get a kick out of the little pig shaped custard buns too. Even my picky toddler tried it!

Extra bonus- the new location has a huge free parking lot and a supermarket next door. One stop shop!
if i could give 0 stars i would
my family and i came around 11 on a sunday and we only waited like five minutes to be seated. first impression on the place, beautiful, very spacious. we got the food fast, they were all attentive, but the food was not great. it wasn't even warm when we got it. by the time we finished, it took like ten minutes in for me and my whole family to feel really bad. a few hours later my mom and i both had to leave work early because we threw up due to food poisoning. not to mention my dad also threw up as well when he barely ate. 
would not come here again.
I had high hopes for this restaurant as the place just recently open and there is plenty of space with free parking. We came on Monday night with a party of 9. We were immediately seated which was definitely a plus. After ordering our meal, our soup cane out pretty quick. However, our food did not arrive for the next 30 minutes. When we asked our waiter for our food and mentioned that we have been waiting for more than 30 mins, he said that maybe we can wait for another hour. Terrible service!

The food was disappointing. The veggies were a bit over cooked and didn't have much flavor. The soup was decent though, it didn't have msg (or it didn't taste like it anyway). The lobster was good but it wasn't great. Overall, there are better options around the area if you really want authentic Chinese food.
Typical chinese restuarant that has traditional food.  Nice to be able to drive eat dim sum without paying for parking.  It's in shopping center where you can eat at the restuarant, and then head to the supermarket to buy your groceries, so convenience is nice.  I didn't like how some of the ladies who push the dim sum carts skipped our table, thinking we only eat certain items.  Other than that, it's not a bad place to eat, the place is clean, quick, and will definitely go back.  Not a big fan of what Chinatown has turned into, so it's nice to have options to avoid Chinatown.
Great dimsum variety. They have more options than anywhere I've ever been. It gets crowded on weekends but the host is really good at getting people in and out.. so the wait isn't too bad often. 
Customer service could be better? Often I'll grab to go boxes for myself or my own napkins and stuff because they're so hustle & bustle you won't find someone to get it for you.

Overall I still like it and the fact that I don't need to pay for parking downtown to get dimsum.
I usually go to Chinatown for my dimsum fixes, but came here because of a recommendation. I was a little hesitant to go to a place called China Gourmet, thinking it would be something like a run down dirty corner store, but it actually is huge and bright! And because the foot traffic is so high, the food is freshly made. Now this is my favorite place to get shrimp chang fen.

 Expect a wait during peak times. We came early on a Saturday and we didn't have to wait but as we were leaving around 1230 the line was crazy long.
The food was pretty decent. However, the restaurant does not honor reservations. Our group made a reservation for a private room at 7:30P.M. we arrived at 7:20P.M. so we were a bit early and understandably they told us to wait a bit since the party before us was not finished yet. At 8:10P.M. we still had not been led to our room. We asked our host what the issue was and they said that the people before us were still not finished. The point of having a reservation is so that the room would be reserved for us at that specific time. Why have reservations when you're not going to honor that? They ended up telling us that we would have to be seated at a random open table in the restaurant. To which we begrudgingly accepted due to our time constraints. Our party was rather large, they didn't have any tables open that could accommodate all of us which is why we reserved a private room. We ended up pulling up chairs to a much smaller table with each of us having no elbow room to move, much less eat. While the food may have been good, we could barely enjoy it due to not being able to move our arms to use any utensils to eat.
We came here for our 6 o clock reservation. We had put our order in around 6:15 after having to flag someone down as we were being ignored. Even though we were the second table here, we watched tables who came in after us get their meals. A little after 7, we asked for an update. I suspect that they had forgotten to ring it in, but the waiter yelled at us and said that we had to wait our turn. Our food finally came around 7:15... then 30 minutes later, they told us that they couldn't make one of our dishes. Every dish came out 10-15 mins after each other.

I was really disappointed as I have been here for dim sum and have really enjoyed it.  I would've appreciated it if they would've admitted that this was their fault instead of yelling at us. Also, the food was flavorless. I'm leaving 2 stars as the dim sum was good.
We were up in NE Philly and popped into this new place on a whim. We were delighted! The dim sum tasted very fresh and the selection was unusual. We hope to go back one evening to sample some of their fish, including the fresh lobster they offer at a very low price. Particularly appealing was they way we were welcomed like family by the owner and staff. Support this business!
Best dimsum place you can find in Philly. The service is really quick, and they accept cards and Apple Pay. It can be a longer drive from downtown, but it's totally worth it.

They offer menu with pictures, so it's very easy to order. I am always nervous when I get dimsum because of my broken Chinese, but it should not be your concern here. 

I realized the shumai and dumplings are not fresh compared to ones before Covid, but in general, they are still pretty good.
One of my favorite places for cart-served dim sum. While just as far from the center city Chinatown restaurants, the nice part is this place is located with a large parking lot.
     I've been a few times and had a mix of waits. Nothing more then about 10-15 minutes, but getting there early definitely makes it easier to get a seat quickly.
     Lots of items and carts are frequently coming through. Prices are pretty reasonable per dish so you can get a group and fill up at a good price.
Moved from Bustelton into New and expanded space with parking lot! Food is good if not better than before. Had their lunch platter and a couple dim sums. Friendly servers. Place was packed on a weekday lunch.
We went there last night for dinner for the first time & the seafood & tofu hotpot & beef chow fun were yummy. But unfortunately I may not be able to go back again with my 6-year-old daughter as she read some new vocabulary words: "f*cking", "pussy" & "n!gga" as Nicki Minaj's "Barbie Dreams" played on their gigantic karaoke screen . I immediately brought this to their attention but they claimed they have no control as it's already programmed into their system?! Unacceptable!
Stop in for the Chinese New Year didn't know it was going to be so busy, but the food is amazing
My mother in law is from Hong Kong and this is by far her favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. Great food and service in a large open atmosphere. Must try the Peking duck and string bean dishes! We will definitely be back.
This place is one of the better dim sum places i had and the prices are super reasonable. If you go with a lot of people, you can eat a lot and still end up only paying 10-15 dollars (unless you're me than... you'll pay a lot more).

The wait in this place gets nuts if you come on a Sunday which is when i like to come with friends. It is mayhem and you need to fight your way to the lady with the ticket to get you seated. 

Once you are seated; the carts start rolling. They have all the basics from shumai to chicken feet. The one thing (and yes... you need to be persistent) you must get is pineapple pork buns. Holy moly... sweet fried bun on the outside while the inside has a moist, savory pork. It took me at least 4 visits to the place and constant haggling to get it. 

If you are a fan of dim sum, this place is a great spot to go to
China Gourmet has THE best spring rolls! I love eating here; the staff are always friendly!
Came here for lunch and wasn't really expecting much. Although I waited for half an hour for a table, it's understandable considering the size of the restaurant. The food here is definitely on par with some of the better dim sum places, but the cleanliness and atmosphere is where the restaraunt really falls short. Compared to other dim sum restaraunts that I've been to, it really is a little dirty here. Otherwise, this would be one of my go-to's for dim sum in the North-east if it were just more clean.
Came here for the dim sum with family. The food was comparable to the usual dim sum hot spot in Chinatown. Food was good and satisfying. Nothing great but we did leave full. I really wanted to try the cute piggy egg custard bun but was told they no longer have it. Soooo disappointed. :( If you're in the mood for dim sum and live in the NE area but don't wanna drive to Chinatown, then this place definitely hits the spot. Be sure to come there early on the weekends though. We came around 10:30 and got a table, but the place was packed full with people waiting for tables 10 minutes later.
bad food bad service, have to wait more the 45 minutes for food and using DEAD sea food to cook!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No good , bad experience, to be honest, don't come to here no more for Chinese food and dim sum
This place is really bad. My wife ordered rice and found a small size rock in it. The owner took the rock and rice away and canceled my rice order. I asked her are we gonna get a new one? She said no, she said: " we are not charging you the rice which had a rock in it." I was like, that's it? What about if my wife chip her teeth or if it is a bug instead? She said, but it didn't happen, did it? 
My wife and I will never go back to this place. Terrible service, a rice only 2 dollars some, we don't care about getting a free rice, it's about their attitude towards the customers.
Ordered 2 combination platters through grubhub. It said combo platters come with fried rice and an egg roll. When the food arrived it was just 2 containers of beef and broccoli without the rice or egg rolls. I called the restaurant to ask what happened and was told "we don't sell combination platters" multiple times and then was hung up on. On top of the terrible service the food was completely flavorless and tasted like steamed beef and broccoli covered in sesame oil. Super disappointing and will definitely not be ordering again.
China Gourmet is a perfect example of what a Chinese restaurant should be. I took my daughters here and we all loved it. This is not your typical fast food Americanized Chinese food. This is the real deal. Everything we had was delicious and plentiful. The atmosphere is what you would expect at a real Chinese restaurant. The staff is friendly and helpful if you don't understand what something is. They have an immaculate dining area with all types of live seafood tanks. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. It is definitely worth a stop.
这家餐馆听说很好，结果去了很差劲，汤做不热，做的的牛仔骨也不熟都是血，别的东西也是不熟，大家千万不要点海皇卷，中间啥都没有。太烂了。。不能吃。。

I was recommended this restaurant by a friend for it's good reviews, but after going there, it was a big disappoinment. The seafood soup was warm at best, the beef ribs were not cooked properly, and the seafood rolls did not have enough filling inside (it was practically hallow). Please do not come here, the food is not cooked properly..
Came here on a Sunday morning right when the restaurant opened and there was already several tables filled. Although I have to say, this place has lots of variety and desserts to offer. I think I even prefer this place for dim sum over any place in Chinatown. The dishes that stood out most to me was definitely the baked roast pork buns and the steamed pig shaped buns with egg custard inside. I also loved the durian pastry and the savory dim sum dishes did not disappoint. The only thing I was a little bummed about was that they did not have egg tarts.
Every time we go there they says no more seats but once my friend go ask the seat will be available wth.  Just like today there is only one table is seated and they said seats are all booked  for 7pm but we were there at 5:30pm it doesn't make any sense to me!  The lady at the front desk is weird
The dimsum here is much better than Chinatown dimsum place plus better service too ,you guys know what I'm talking about the infamous Chinatown waitress attitudes, I got the tall lady as my server she's polite and friendly, about the dimsum we order quite few dishes and most of them are really good especially the chicken feet and scallion dumplings ,the dumplings has skin thin and crispy on the bottom, definitely my go to restaurant for dimsum
My relatives said we were getting dim sum, so naturally I thought we'd be going to China Town in Philly, but instead we ended up going here, which was just amazing! Street parking here is way easier to find than in China Town, doesn't say much about the place but it's a hell of a lot easier to get to! It's a bit unsuspecting of a place, but when you see the fish tank, you know you're at a real Chinese place.
The decor and ambience was on par with most Chinese dim sum places, casual in the afternoon, but easily could suffice for a banquet at night. The service was good as well, always bringing us more water and giving us teapots with tea.
The food itself was incredible for most the part. They have the standard dim sum fare: shrimp and pork dumplings, chicken feet, shrimp with fun noodles, taro dumplings etc. The dim sum was great, and unless they mess it up, it's usually always great. The highlight was the adorable custard buns! The buns looked like little pigs, they're seriously the cutest buns ever! If the custard buns aren't your thing, they offer the same sort of buns that look like pigs, but they're filled instead with black sesame paste. I even tried their beef chow fun and I'll say it wasn't the greatest beef chow fun I've had. It wasn't bottom of the barrel, but it wasn't the greatest one I've had either. It was tasty but it definitely needed more "wok hay" which is wok heat/flavor. That being said, the beef was tasty and the fun noodles were super fresh, so they get points for that.
As a Chinese person, I'd recommend this place for when you're trying to get your dim sum fix. Tasty food and a convenient location!
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in northeast. Food is good and the service is good too.
Stop by here on the way cuz the hubby was hungry. This place is huge. Tables cloth were clean unlike some places where dim sum eating gets messy hahaha. We got seated and right away the lady with the carts came by to greet us and ask what we would like from their variety of carts. They have bigger selections then most dim sum places. Loves the stuffed tofu skin. It just melts in your mouth. I would like it if the food was a little more hot(in temperature) when served, it was a bit warm. You must try this place though you won't regret it! I'll be back soon!
Probably the best Dim sum I had in Philadelphia. This was the first time I brought home leftovers from dim sum. The dim sum was delicious. The sizes of the dumplings are pretty big. The service is actually really good. We got our water and tea pretty quick. The people were nice to us. Usually in dim sum places, they can be a bit....blunt lol, but here was nice. The fried dough was not as crispy on top row, but the ones on bottom were really good and crispy. I still enjoy it a lot! I definitely recommend this place and would go again!! (Had to take last pic from my snap, forgot to take normal pic)
Hello NE Philly eating scene! Before you had to drive to chinatown to get amazing dim sum, not the case anymore! I've been searching for a replacement since my absolute fave place, imperial inn (RIP) closed recently. The place is huge, clean and the servers are all quite nice and efficient. They wear headsets here to communicate your needs quicker. water, clean plates, etc always made it out to our table in decent time. But the most important part? The food! I have taken my family here too and they all agreed it was excellent, comparable to the ocean harbor in Chinatown. In my opinion, China gourmet does some dishes better and the service is great. I also love their unique dishes that I haven't found anywhere else like the adorable dessert ones. Little pig buns, durian rolls  and a black sesame filled ball that was sooo good! Do yourself a favor and check it out! Bonus, free and widely available parking!! Just be careful on the weekends, especially Sunday when lines can get long and parking lot can be full!!
NOT worth a trip from beyond NE Philly (ie, Center City, Chestnut Hill, etc.)

I was inspired to go by Craig LaBan's three bells, but he whiffed hard here. Granted I went for dinner, so maybe it is better at the dim sum brunch.

Based on LaBan's suggestions, I got the...

- Silkworm Chrysalis with pepper salt. The seasoning had too much fish sauce in it, probably to mask the fact that the silkworms didn't have much taste.

- Dried Scallop Soup with chives. The smallest size was about $16 and was in a giant bowl for a group. You would think that they could have an individual portion for a lower price. Too gelatinous with no special taste. Could have easily been any other gelatinous Chinese soup as its ingredients (bland)

- and the Hong Kong lobster and crab with minced pork. I was very disappointed here. First of all, LaBan mentioned a very low price for this, but that happened to be a promotional price. Secondly, the lobster and crab was broken into bits, lightly floured, and flash-fried, but it was NOT SHELLED. You would think that if they are going to lightly flour something that they would take the meat out of the shell first. As a result, I couldn't quite see where the shell fragments were on each piece, and as a result when I went to chew on something, my teeth clamped down on a hard crab or lobster shell. Ouch!!! The minced pork on top was very greasy.

My companions weren't too happy either. One's shrimp dumplings were mediocre, and the other's duck dish had pancakes that were not flavorful at all.

You're better off going to your local Chinese takeout/delivery place, or P.F. Chang's, or Chinatown next to the Convention Center.
It was recommended by my mom's friend and I'm so glad we came and tried it. The food is delicious!!! Very reasonable! And the service is great.  Good ambiance. Spacious area.
What a wonderful unassuming hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.  Almost immediately upon getting seated, the server offers you their full menu.  I had soup dumpling and they were so good, I could have cried.  I imagine going there on a weekend would be crowded so go there during an off peak time.  You won't be disappointed.
This place has normal Chinese food and it's not special food. I went here for my nephews birthday party today and the experience was like any other place. We ordered alot of food and when I mean alot I really mean it! The service is pretty standard. They take your order,  bring your food, and they fuck off. Now I have seen reviews on the Peking duck saying "ohh its great!" Its really not... it was not crunchy and the skin was not crispy. Pretty poor. The meat was actually good but it was oily. We complained about the jelly fish dish saying that it had a crunchy sand texture to it. At first, I didnt taste the sand, but when I started to taste it throughout my meal, there was a sand texture to it. It was very disappointing.  Ut at least it's around where I live so its convenient but food is not special. Anyway 3/5 stars because the mayonnaise shrimp was good.
Good Dim Sum.  Pleasant Servers.  Crowded but got a table right away.  Will be going back to try their regular menu items.
Great service and authentic cuisine. I live in Wayne and I wish we had a restaurant like this closer to me.
A wonderful small place for authentic, reasonably priced dim sum outside of Chinatown. The food was not Americanized. The owner was very helpful and accommodating. Our favorites were: sesame balls with red bean, sticky rice and steamed buns. We would like to go back sometime to try the dim sum stuff we didn't get the first time. There were so many choices. We would also like to try their dinner menu.
Super Dim Sum! The food is great very well prepared and great taste.
In addition,all the wait staff plus owners are the nicest most helpful people. Overall a great dining experience without the need to drive to Race Street in Center City 
Highly recommend China Gourmet
was craving some dim sum but we didn't want to go into the city. we found this spot and we went first thing in the morning. the food was good and plentiful and our server was so friendly. only negative was they did not have veggie dishes, so i took off a star for that and the price was a little bit expensive. overall, good dim sum spot for people who don't love the going into the city.
Pretty good dim sum! Not a replacement for Chinatown, but if you're already in the NE and craving shumai you're in luck! Clean, speedy, and very friendly service.

*Just avoid the taro cake... (one of my dim sum favorites)
This places reopened from the previous FookLamMoon. Under new management.biggest change is more a full service restaurant for dinner. Lunch is still a great deal
Amazing food, Amazing staff, and a wonderful experience. Dim sum is amazing and lunch are wonderful. Hidden gem.
The best dim sum in town!! The foods are very tasty fresh & hot unlike the one I used to go down Chinatown there food are old and cold before it was good but not anymore, after I've tried this place out I'm in love with it. My whole family came in last weekend everyone is giving a thumb up complements about this place. Highly recommended this place for dim sum in NE philly!!
They get quite busy. Large restaurant, roomy with an army of staff. Cart style dim sum, service isn't bad considering how busy they are. Dim sum starts at 9. Our Party of 6 came at 10:30 and was seated promptly. By the time we left there was a crowd waiting by the doors to get seated. Pretty good selection of items to choose from. Food was tasty. Cart turn around time could be a little faster, (but Our table didn't feel neglected or forgotten)it's a large restaurant and the restaurant was continuously filling up with customers. Considering all the other dim sum places I've been ocean harbor, imperial inn, joy tsin lau, nom wah, wokano this place tops them all. Price is reasonable and parking is readily available and free.
The Best Cantonese cuisine in the area! Fresh sea food and friendly stuffs! Sautéed deep fried Lobster and lamb chop are my favorite. Certainly enjoy every single bite!
A long line and it was a little hard to communicate,  but was the food worth it? Yes, yes it was. I even found myself liking stuff I disliked at other dim sum restaurants​ like the pork shumai​. There are a ton of options with ​classic dishes and some new different​ ones as well. 

The overall experience was good. My only wish was for the dishes to be a bit hotter as they were served warm to lukewarm​. But this is a new place to come back​ to for great dim sum​ without the major problem of parking in Philly Chinatown.
This is the IT place for dim sum in the NE. Wait time is pretty long on Sunday. Come early or be prepare to wait in line.
We are from California, stopped by the area for a break. We came on weekday around 2pm for lunch, still have lots of variety of dim sum available. Food is delicious, price is reasonable and service is attentive. 4 adults and 2 kids, came out with a full stomach, the bill is less than $50. I am glad that I found this place.
Can honestly say this is the best Chinese food that I have ever had outside of a meal in Hong Kong. Service was fast, portions large, taste was fantastic. Lobster with Sticky Rice - well worth it. Sizzling Short Ribs - excellent sauce and flavor. And so on and so on. No question we will be going back. Trying Dim Sum is next up.
Horrible service. Even number was given out to customer while they are waiting, management still skip numbers for seating arrangement. Food is okay but not exceptional, I would not recommend to anyone.
Every dish we ordered was delicious. Hot & sour soup, egg drop soup, hargow, shumai, mapo tofu, General Tso's Chicken and egg custard bao. There are a lot more dishes on the menu I'd like to try. I started with the standards. I'll be back soon.
Only been here for Dim Sum and for the  Philadelphia area, this is one of the better one.  Service and cleaniness is decent for a traditional Chinese restaurant.  My favorite is the baked Cha Siu Bao (BBQ Pork Bun).  The baked Cha Siu Bao here has a sweet crusty topping and has a sweet juicy center, similar to Tim Ho Wan's.
First time there. Went on the recommendation of Craig Laban. This restaurant is huge. The night we went, it was filled with Chinese families. We expected to wait for a table but we didn't have to. Everything we ordered was fantastic. And the portions were very generous. I will have sweet dreams about the Peking Duck. We took home almost half of what we ordered. The owner came to check on us several times during the meal. Nice touch. We will definitely go back for more great food.
For this area it would be best for dimsum. I would say it's better than Chinatown in Philadelphia. Very affordable. Usually less than $10/person for my family. This place is huge and would be great for weddings. I haven't try dinner here yet. I'll update when I do. My wife is a picky eater so for her to like this place it must be very good.
This was our third try for dim sum. It was just ok. I started with XO noodles. They were awful. The rest of the steamed dumplings ran from fair to good. The best thing we had were the fried shrimp balls. I'll be going into town for dim sum from now on.
Affordable tasty Dimsum in the Philly area. I had been struggling to get good traditional dimsum. Even the ones in downtown weren't up to my standards and had costed a lot more. 
It's always nice to see the carts being rolled around in restaurants still. Next to a boba shop and an asian food market to hit up after.
Not worth the wait.  Nothing special. Go to the Jake Garden on Bustleton. Not long wait time and Dim Sum is good.
Has the best dim sum in northeast Philly area.  Ample parking for customer due to being right next to an Asian supermarket.
Close to authentic. Good not great. Service was attentive. I don't know if I would return.
There's a lot of variety to the dim sum here, but the service is a bit slow.  They could really use two of each cart type.  One set for the back section and one set for the front section to get things moving because the restaurant is very spacious.  Parking is easy, although it does get packed the later it gets and so does the restaurant.  I would recommend going earlier if you don't want to wait.  The food is not bad.  There were things that were better than others.  The buns are very good.  We ordered things from the kitchen which came out pretty quickly and were hot.  Service was eh. Some servers were more helpful than others.
Absolutely terrible. Sat in a basement with a room too small for the 2 tables in the room. No dim sum came downstairs for the first 20 minutes I was there. Had to complain in Chinese before the basics came down.i tried to order dim sum but half the things I ordered they didn't have. I don't ever do reviews but this place was so bad it has made me post about my experience. In addition to dim sum we ordered seafood pan fried noodles and the noodles were all broken and oily. Save yourself the headache and just go to Chinatown.
Decent dim sum place to go to without the hassle of traveling to downtown Philly and fighting for parking spaces. They offer a pretty good selection of standard dim sum dishes, including some that aren't offered at a lot of places (for example, the Malay cake). Like that the dishes are not overwhelmingly salty like many Chinese restaurants or dim sum places are, and yet the food has enough flavor and isn't bland. Great tofu skin rolls. Overall, a solid dim sum place with convenient parking and a large, open dining room.
This place has definitely gone down in service this past year. I've always come here to grab food and this time around the lady who took my order literally had me sitting there for 45 minutes when I kept asking is that my food Togo on the table. She literally blew me off and no it's not a language barrier because she spoke English to me.
A great place for Dim Sum where you can go with your friends and family. There are plenty of seating so the wait time is not long even when I went during Lunar New Year. It's very affordable restaurant in the neighborhood and beats going to NYC for overly priced food
Greasy, expensive. The beef with scallion and ginger was swimming in grease, the beef tasted off. The eggplant in garlic sauce was also very greasy, unexpectedly had sugar in it, I could taste no garlic at all.
I expected so much more, given how costly these two entrees were.
I won't be ordering from here again. Don't really want the leftovers.
You live, you learn.
Let me start by saying the food here is pretty good. I'm not one for dim sum, but I do really really like going here. Some notable dishes are their rice rolls, shrimp tofu, congee, calamari, pig custard buns, and Chinese fried lobster. 

BUT I have to say it's not the most inviting restaurant. It is always packed head to toe, it's loud, and the outside is riddled with cigarette butts. The inside is just a large floor with a giant karaoke tv in the middle. To the right is a bunch of fish that you can choose for your meal, which is never appealing. The poor guys are dying right next to you as you eat. It's extremely unpleasant.
If you are going to eat from here, I'd suggest ordering to go!

Also, I noted the lobster was very good--and it is--but I would be wary. The last time I had it, my lobster's stomach came out and there were blue plastic chunks in it. It was horrible and completely turned me off from seafood for a while. SO I recommend asking them to remove the stomach before serving!
This is a pretty popular dim sum spot in the northeast. Unlike Chinatown there's ample parking in the lot and the street. The place is huge so it's fairly easy to get a table. On Sundays there may be a bit of a wait but it's not terrible. 

They have the typical dim sum dishes. Crab ball, shirt ribs, shu mai, rice noodle... the basics pretty much. Definitely not as good as the spots in Chinatown but if you're looking for a dim sum fix it's doable. 

Service is always crazy. It's hectic. Carts being pushed and people running around constantly.
We frequent this place, really like the food and it's really spacious so you have plenty of room to sit and it's in more of the burbs of philly so plenty of parking. Center city is a little bit of a drive from this place but I def like it. Go with my family here practically once a month for birthdays/holidays and out of one of the times you're here, you're bound to see a wedding in here cause they do a lot of them with the big stage set up. The food is what you'll get out of any traditional Chinese restaurant: crispy chicken, duck, black pepper short rib, fried pig intestines, honey walnut shrimp...you get my point. Quality of the food is great and the staff here tends to be on the nicer side cause there isn't that hustle and bustle feel.
The Philly Inquirer had a restaurant review of the China Gourmet Restaurant on St. Vincent St in NE Philly.  It got a rating of 3 bells out of 4.  So this evening my wife and I decided to have our dinner there.  We were not sure how to get to the restaurant, since St. Vincent's St. does not cross the Roosevelt Boulevard. But we managed to get there with a few turns.  The dining room is huge and well lit--like a banquet hall.  China Gourmet is set up for large crowds of Chinese in the neighborhood, as NorthEast Philly is where the majority of Chinese ethnics live in the city--about 6,600 as opposed to the 2,200 that live in the old Chinatown in center city.  We arrived and asked about the $10 special for two 1 1/4 pound lobsters, which must have been an opening day loss leader, because the price quoted to us was $28.  It's fair for a restaurant to make a profit on the meals it sells.  So we got 1/2 of a Peking duck for $16.95, far and away the best of its kind my wife and I have ever had. Heads and shoulders above the Peking Duck we were given in China in the city of the origin of the recipe, Beijing  (nobody in America calls it "Beijing Duck").  The service was friendly and helpful, as the menu is authentic Chinese cooking, with no American Chinese favorites in sight.  Our server was someone we'd known at another Chinese place in the area for many years.  It was fun to remake our acquaintance.  We also got a seafood and tofu soup that was flavorful, especially when given a bit of pizzazz by soy sauce or, with vinegar (which I preferred). The servings were big so we took home some of the seafood and tofu.  We were then served a hot sweet soup as a last complimentary course made with cream and tapioca with some cut up banana, which I enjoyed.  My wife prefers other desserts to those made with custard.  The tea was flavorful too--darker than usual.  Along with the reasonable check, we got some artfully carved pieces of melon as a sendoff.  The owner was very gracious in coming around to thank us for visiting and inviting us to return.  Which we no doubt will do!
This place is huge and a good option if you do not want to go into Chinatown for your dim sum needs. The wait is usually long for dim sum (1-2 hours), which is served every day from 9:30 am to 3:00 pm.

The dim sum was good. I got turnip cake, beef tripe, pork and shrimp dumplings, egg tarts, rice noodle rolls, chicken feet, and some other shareable items. My one critique is they do not serve soup dumplings (better known as xiao long bao) but this place is good enough to survive without it.

There are private rooms in the back where you can get dim sum served or some Chinese food for dinner. Karaoke is set up in the private rooms so this is a great place to go if you have a big group.

Service was great. The staff was very accommodating even though the restaurant was incredibly busy. The last time I was here, the wait was 2+ hours for dim sum and yet the service was good.

As other reviewers have noted, this location has a big parking lot which is a big bonus compared to driving into Chinatown.
I've had China Gourmet for dim sum, lunch, and dinner before. And it probably the best place to get authentic cantonese style food in the NE Philly. It's even better than some places in CT. This is my go to spot for Chinese food. 

Dim sum here is really good. They have a crispy style cha siu bao that gets sold out pretty quickly so if you see it, get it quick. It's definitely worth a try. Dinner here is pretty good as well. Flavors are on point and it's pretty consistent in quality.  

It gets super packed on the weekends during dim sum hours which is telling you something. The parking lot is shared with the supermarket next door so honestly, it can get pretty chaotic. But this is not their fault but some very inconsiderate drivers.
Bring exact change otherwise they will overcharge you.
They waren't willing to show this said policy and point to where this policy is regarding exact change.
Came in for brunch to have dim sum. Place is huge, plenty of parking, waitress and waiters wore mask. We did the traditional push cart picking and got some dumplings, chicken feet, white crepes with soy sauce, taro cakes, buns, fried buns, fried taro balls, intestines mixed with tenders. 

I was waiting on other dishes like big crab/shrimp balls and chow fun but it didn't come out. I think we could have ordered it but we didn't bother. We also came in just as they were opened, as we were leaving I saw other dishes coming out.

Overall it's ok.
Had a craving for dim sum and had heard that China Gourmet was good and we weren't disappointed!

The dim sum was as good as we've gotten in Chinatown.  We went with six people so we got a wide assortment of dishes and they were all good... dumpling, turnip cakes, tripe, chicken feet, sticky rice.  We especially liked the sweet bakes pork buns... my kids asked for more when the carts came back around.  

We'll definitely be back again when we crave some dim sum!
