I have been loving this Chipotle for healthy, fast lunches. Yep, I said healthy. Because if you forgo the wrap, cheese and heavy meats, you really can have your Chipotle and eat it too. Ask for a burrito bowl, and then use a lettuce base with just a little bit of brown rice and black beans, plus onions and peppers. I've noticed that Chipotle workers across the board are super generous with toppings, which is awesome, but also dangerous if you are trying to watch what you're eating. 

I finish off my burrito bowl with pico and both of the tomato-based salsas, plus some guacamole for some rich flavor and healthy fat. Their guac is super fresh and tasty. No dressing needed! 

The employees are always fast and friendly. Once their diet coke dispenser shot out clear liquid which was a bummer, but besides that, this location rocks.
An annoying trend I've noticed:

When they get to the "wrapping the burrito" part of the human conveyer belt, they will tear the tortilla. Considering that these burritos have the breadth and stature of a premature newborn, this is understandable and almost expected.

What annoys me though is that the employees at this location will carelessly tear apart the burrito, then check to see if you didn't notice so that they can just wrap it up and let you deal with the mayhem after you get home. After creating a tear that a car could drive through (hyperbole) one employee asked me, "you think you can still eat it or do I have to grab another tortilla?" No, let me just grab a fork because of the inconvenience I've caused you. It's not like I'm paying for it or anything...

So basically, keep an eye on them when they're making your food. They are after all college students who could give a rat's *ss if you end up with a burrito that you can (or can't) contain with your two hands. Promptly call them out when they try to hide their mistakes and then your dining experience can only be ruined by your own incompetence as opposed to theirs.
A decent burrito, but getting in can be tricky if you're not paying attention.  Whoever designed this site must have thought that Ivy League students are more attentive than the average Joe (the Plumber).  Follow along so you don't look stupid like me and my friends.

When you walk in, you'll probably think that you should go through the door directly in front of you.  Wrong.  That's where you exit.  The entrance is actually directly to the left.  Yes, you smartasses will say, there IS signage.  You probably won't see until after it's too late, but it's there.

We ordered three burritos and the dude who was charged with rolling them up was incapable of rolling two of the three.  This was the first time ever that I've ever been asked whether I would like to have my burrito rewrapped or if I just wanted to eat it in a bowl.  WTF?
What a ripoff!!
I got a bean burrito (3/5 stars)with some chips and guac (1/5 stars) on the side.  I paid approx $14... maybe even more for my meal.. which is far more than I want to spend on greasy fast food that is going to send my GI tract into shock. My stomach wasn't right for two days, I don't know why, I eat beans on a semi-regular basis so all I can blame is the greasiness. 
Next time save yourself the money and make your own burrito (everything they have comes out of a can anyway).
Ordered online for pickup at 7:30PM an hour in advance. Got there and 30 minutes later, everyone who arrived there after I did got served while I was still waiting. Saw my fucking burrito laying there as everyone else's food was served. I don't think they check their online orders. Don't come here if you value your time.
The third time will NOT be a charm, because I'm going to Qdoba. Do you like your chicken tacos with a side of sanitized COVID? How about your beef barbacoa brushed with brow sweat? Well with the way they use the same gloves to open cabinets and packages while they roll your burrito up, it must add flavoring. I watched my server walk around the store opening cabinets; touching counters, walls, people and everything else with his serving gloves on trying to find a plastic ramekin lid. After he found them, while opening the packaging; he leaned over to another sever, asked did he need him to fold the other customer's burrito, did so, then finished opening the plastic sleeve of ramekin lids from the marvelously dusty shelf/cabinet. It was awesome how he only noticed when the burrito goo smeared across the packaging. Then and only then did he notice and change his gloves. I saw visibly how they spread germs and in this pandemic I'm not interested in those ingredients. They have a row of chairs in front of the counter but the "burrito lady" moved them and was allowed to rest her entire body up against the glass with her mask at chin strap level. Although they have social distancing stickers on the floor, nothing is really enforced. Upon entering there should be 2 lines; one for ordering and the other for online orders. Everyone just stands around...in close proximity. There's no sanitizer visible for after interactions. I order 3 tacos, (1 order) but they came out the the price of 2 orders. They didn't toast the tortilla so i had to replace them with my Aldi one's when I got home. The carne asada was fatty and chewy. But the queso was great. After doctoring up my food, I gave my to my daughter. It's safe to say I won't be returning. I'll take my health habits up the road.
Veg Burrito includes Guac says the menu. Hmmm.. then why didn't mine have any on it?
I ask and I am told I have to ask for it but the menu says it comes with it.  So it's like ordering a chicken burrito and having to ask for the chicken?? Riiiight.

Quit trying to be cheap, Chipotle.  I'll stick to something else for now. Sorry.
The burritos here are better than the ones at Qdoba around the corner, which has gone steadily downhill for the last two years.

That having been said the people working at Chipotle must have severe cases of anterograde amnesia, because I must have repeated my order four or five times to this one woman. Every 10 seconds she looked up at me as though I had just arrived. She was a lot like that guy in Memento.
I can't say I wanted to write this review, but at this point it's so ridiculous it would be a crime not to. I love Chipotle, and just about everywhere I've been in the world where there is one, I eat at it, so I'd like to think I have a very large sample size from which to draw from. I'll just cut to the chase here. This Chipotle location is THE WORST at wrapping burritos I have ever been to. By far. Nothing comes close. It's honestly unacceptable and sad for a restaurant whose crown jewel is their burrito to fail so spectacularly at this relatively simple task. The first couple times I went I gave them the benefit of the doubt and assumed it was a fluke. As I go to school nearby, this is the only location within walking distance, so I've come here easily over 30 times in the last couple months, and I am not exaggerating this... literally every single time I have EVER ordered a burrito, it falls apart the second I open them. The staff here seem like nice people, but they do not care whatsoever about taking the time to make a good wrap, either that or they don't know how. I have a normal order with no extra ingredients, and it's just unacceptable at this point. No other location I have ever visited has trouble with this. It's ridiculous how little effort the staff here puts in when attempting to wrap a burrito. Boohoo, woe is me you might say, just eat it with a fork. But if I go to a burrito place to get a burrito, I think it's pretty reasonable to expect even a half-assed attempt at getting an actual burrito, not a glorified tortilla bowl. It's ridiculous and without fail they disappoint me with their burritos every time. Moral of the story is, if you come to this location, avoid the burritos at all costs. Maybe I will update my star rating if they address this issue in the future, but until then, it's absolutely deserved. Everyone I know who has come here agrees with me on this issue. Chipotle, please bring out your head chefs to teach these guys how to wrap a damn burrito! 

Signed, 
An upset burrito enthusiast
I'm normally pro Chipotle but this one was pretty chaotic. I hoofed it over the other weekend for dinner and was informed upon approaching the line that they'd run out of black beans. Um, what? You're Chipotle, you should have beans coming out of your ears. Not to mention the kid working the line should've informed his cook that he needed more. 

I waited it out about 10 minutes for more beans to be cooked, but didn't get even a fake apology for being made to wait. When first informed that I had to wait, I told the fella I'd want a new tortilla heated up (he'd heated one anyway and already put the rice on it knowing the beans were out) and then tried to pass me back the cold one. To have this be my problem is not the end of the world of course, but dude this kid is not doing this Chipotle any service by working there.

I did eventually get the completed burrito I wanted and mostly enjoyed it. I live in Fairmount and am rarely in University City. I can definitely say I won't go out of my way for this place again.
Two stars for never having to wait in a long line (typical of most Chipotles that I've been to, both in Philly and DC) and to being conveniently located. 
But other than that, I'm disappointed in this location. 
I am a HUGE fan of chipotle but this location is rather stingy with their portions. I think I got like 5 pieces of chicken with my burrito bowl and they never give you enough rice or lettuce! I always have to ask for "a little more". Other locations usually add a decent amount so that all of the items are balanced. Who wants a bowl of salsa and sour cream with like a half scoop of rice and 3 shreds of lettuce? pfffffffft. gross. 
Head to the center city location, waaay better. But if you live in university city, you will probably have to actually ask them for more rice, corn, salsa, beans, lettuce, guac, whatever. because they don't give you enough for your money ((this is all in comparison to like... every other chipotle)).
Oh yes my pork with black bean burritos was the best today ... they are fast and good ... also take along for chips and salsa ... not much more to say but OH YEA..!!!
Do not understand the hype about Chipotle. The consistent crowd made me curious about this place, but 
1) The Mediocre food isn't worth the line. 
2) Filthy and messy cashier's counter--you could just imagine the dirtiness in the kitchen. 
3) employees have zero patience and sometimes show rudeness to customers. 
4) Do they ever Empty the trash?
A vegetarian burrito from Chipotle costs $5.95; beef or chicken, $6.35. For this amount of money, one can purchase roughly seven and a half pounds of oatmeal, ten pounds of bananas, or one pound of wild rice (which is actually not rice at all, but a grass that grows primarily in the American North East). When these three options are not available, however, a Chipotle burrito surely satisfies. A wise man once turned one burrito into two meals--I have never done this, and so end each dining experience with heavy eyelids and an inability to think clearly. This is also known as "The Nod" or "That Itis," and its effects are bolstered by Sunkist Orange, consumed through a straw. Frankly it is not altogether unpleasant. Thank you, too, to Chipotle, for offering free burritos the first day they opened. Though the nominal monetary savings was negated by the seemingly endless uphill battle against sub-zero temperatures, the plain free-ness of it all made it taste so so sweet.
I love Chipotle but the service at this location was just dreadful. Walked in and I was the only one in the place at  2PM on a Saturday. The girl at the counter let me wait there for 4-5 minutes as she fiddled at the counter with things. When she finally came over, it was obvious she didn't want to be there or to serve me. So rude, not paying attention, had to repeat myself on every request. Next I have to wait a few minutes again for someone to come out from the back so I can pay for my burrito. 

I don't expect much service from a fast food restaurant but don't expect to be treated like I'm a pain in the ass for buying lunch. 

Chipotle has enough of a PR problem from past health issues, they should be working extra hard to win back customers. 

BK
The food is great, typical chipotle food. However, they seemed to have replaced the entire staff over summer 2014 and even after giving it a month or two to speed up this is still consistently the slowest chipotle I have ever been to. Lines are 20+ minutes even at 3pm, don't even try to wait during lunch time or dinner, the line will be out the door and crawling along.
Definitely understand why Qdoba is more popular around these parts. 

Back home, Chipotle was always my go-to, but I don't think I'll be going back to this store anytime soon. I ordered through the mobile app and waited over thirty minutes for my order. Good thing they didn't even make it! Even when I asked the cashier if my order was ready, she nodded her head and looked away- completely ignoring me. 

They have loads of bagged mobile orders on their counters and maybe call it out every 15 minutes or so. it's a mini competition to see who can get the attention of the cashier to individually check for their order completion. There was over 10 people standing to get their pick up orders beside me, and a guy was even there before me... waiting more than 30 minutes for fast food is insane to me. A woman who was frustrated even asked to be refunded for her order and the cashier was no help at all. Meanwhile, the mobile orders are super inconsistent and a group walked in and out to pick up within two minutes while a huge crowd had to wait. 

I got my refund through the mobile app after waiting around 35 minutes since the store was so chaotic and I just knew I'd be there for hours- I wonder if they have bad transference from the app to this store specifically? 

The one time my order worked last week, the food was not good at all, apparent that they don't follow Chipotle protocol. The white rice had no flavor- no saltiness/lime, the beans were wet and flavorless too, etc. The only enjoyable thing was the chicken. I hope Chipotle HQ checks up on this store's food prep, management, and ordering issues.
I'm still a fan, but definitely some problems at this location in the last 1/2 year. 

Seems like they are not able to retain staff. 

I come in twice a week and I now very rarely see the same people working. Every time I walk in it seems like they are interviewing. 

Because the staff frequently changes the service is often painfully slow.Quality of the food is inconsistent.

Why can't they keep people? Economy recovering and they are not paying enough? Poor management? 

Do something to fix this problem.....
I've had better food made at other locations. The tacos were soaked and sloppy. The meat wasn't drained properly and everything was just thrown together...literally. I don't recommend going y to o this location at all.
I was very excited when I saw that Chipotle was coming to University City.  The burritos are yummy, enormous and incredibly filling, and (imo) a good value.  The side of chips and guac is worth adding to your order if you are either incredibly hungry or have someone to share it with.  To me, Chipotle is far and away the best of any of the Mexican fast food chains.
Your standard chipotle restaurant. It isn't the best but if you go during the right time and staff you can get a pretty well made meal. During peak hours it's insanely busy though with some of the more basic of students waiting on a line out the door.
I'm surprised by all the negative reviews. I've been to this location multiple times and despite the fact that it's always packed, the staff is always plentiful and they keep the line moving quickly (and generally with a smile too).

Charging 2.05 for guacamole is lame but certainly not this locations decision. 

Also, whenever they break a burrito (I'm bad at limiting my ingredients) they always offer to rewrap it.
If I could give a zero stars I could. Let me preface by saying chipotle was and has been my go to since I first  delighted on it in college one day, and I've never turned back since. until today. 

I ordered my new usual- 3 soft shell tacos without rice. Pretty filling but not itis inducing like a bowl.

Honestly, I dunno why I'm even bothering to describe the food when I should say: please see images attached. 

I was so nauseous when I saw it moving that I didn't bother to take a video ( probably would have made me vomit). But I took this picture bc I knew it would be hard to believe otherwise.

I stuck by you through all the E.Coli scares, and probably more telling , I stuck by you every single time there was a price hike. But alas, no. I cannot and will not allow myself to return to a place that has big ass bugs in its food. 

Just no.

Maybe I'll eat at another location. Maybe one day. If the chain stays in business and ( more importantly) if the rewards card stays.

I still feel creepy crawlies down my throat.
Service at this place is horrible, terrible, no good, very bad!!!! I love chipotle but the employees at this place are the absolute worse none of them even like their job and make this location in the middle of UCity look like some ghetto shit like just throw the whole crew in the trash!!!
Not the best Chipotle I've seen. Very good and friendly service, but this one is a bit too dark for my taste. Great food, as well.
Honestly, I would love this Chipotle if the assembly line learned how to process customers quicker.

Seeing as how this Chipotle is right on Penn campus, you can usually expect a 20+ person line during all mealtimes. While other Chipotles would be able to process this many customers in less than 15 minutes, this particular franchise's assembly line could use a few pointers on how to do that.

Other than the fact that I normally have to wait 20+ minutes for my food, this Chipotle really isn't bad. The employees here are actually pretty nice, the food quality is typical of all Chipotles, and if you really wanted to eat in the building, it's usually not hard to find an empty table or booth.

Definitely a convenient place to get your Chipotle fix.
Chipotle's chicken is SO tender & whatever they cook it in makes me melt! It is so good. I even went close to closing & the food was fresh. The drinks are expensive. One thing that disappointed me was the lack of sauces. I enjoy thai peanut sauce on my burrio-less burritos! *I get it in a bowl*. Better selection than what I saw at Qdoba, helping me to make the decision of coming to Chipotle.
On Monday, I was craving a burrito all day. I kept thinking about it. Then I had to work late, during which one of my coworkers spent some time taunting me with a Chipotle burrito- I couldn't even steal a bite because it had meat in it! 

I kept having things to do that afternoon, which turned into evening so quickly: working out, running errands. All I could think about was having a Chipotle burrito for dinner. It was like a dream deferred. It felt so far away. 

Ultimately though, nothing gets between me and my dreams. Stopped at Chipotle in University City on my way home from work and finally at 7:30pm my wish to eat an enormous and delicious burrito came true. 

It is not an authentic Mexican burrito. But I don't care.
Not bad but not great
Tastes good, healthy, clean, and bland
Good service.  Nice staff.
University City Chipotle, you deserve more than a paltry 3ish stars!
You would think with all the college students, this place would be packed, but I never have to wait more than a good 10 minutes to leave through the exit doors with my burrito in tow (I wouldn't sit down to eat here, as the atmosphere leaves a little to be desired and plus, I can just walk 10 minutes and I'm home again, free to put on my drawstring PJ pants and plop down on the couch like a good American!)

Their veggie burrito is far tastier than Qdoba. At least, their guac is better...the general ingredients seem fresher to me...and I never have a stomach ache by the end like I do with Qdoba. Sorry, Qdoba. I'm not sure what that's all about.

To the reviewer who said look at the calories online and skip the tortilla, are you crazy? Life is too short not to eat burritos. And yes, they are gigantic, so there's a reason that I cut mine in half and wrap it up right away for lunch the next day (except when sometimes I dig into leftovers an hour later).

Chipotle seems to be getting on the eco-friendly-gravy-train, with locally sourced ingredients or some other corporate BS-speak proclaiming the goodness of their ingredients on the menu. It makes me feel a little better eating here, so I guess it's working.
I am a CHIPOTLE LOVER  (Texas, chicago, center city philly, etc) but this location is terribly inconsistent! I didn't have time to eat before starting my night shift at work so I ordered with my work group via online. If I had known this was the location being ordered from I would have cancelled my order. When my food got to me, it was a tasteless, half- bowl with blk beans, cheese (not ordered), scant chicken, and sour cream (no where near what i ordered-  missing the corn, salsa, rice, lettuce, tortillas). I was so SO ANNOYED! When I attempted to go to the next day to complain but realized it was this location I didn't bother as I have had such bad experiences with them: Undercooked brown rice, no flavor to the chicken, no vinegar in the rice. Stay away from here. The center city and city Avenue  locations are much more representative of the average Chipotle.
Like all chain restaurants, Chipotle is Chipotle. I frequent here for a quick pick-me-up dinner or lunch. Unfortunately, the service here is horrible. The staff is unfriendly and cold. They are also really slow, hence the forever long lines here that barely move. If you're craving Chipotle, be prepared to wait in line for a long time during prime time.
Chipotle in University City is only getting 4 stars from me because of the chips and salsa...  The burritos would only get 2.5 stars.  The staff would get maybe 3 stars.  There is no consistency with the way the food gets prepared, wrapped, or served.  Isn't there a class for that?!  It's great because it is close to work, but not good if multiple people are going in on an order.  And let's not get started on the price...  $12 for a burrito, guacamole, chips and salsa!!  Huh?!
Why did I bother the time to put in my order 3 hours ahead of time and pay in advance so that I can show up and find that the order  isn't ready yet? Instead of a serious apology she tells me to sit down and wait while they get my order ready.
Worst chipotle I've ever been to. Unbelievably bad. Not only is the customer service horrendous but they give you the smallest servings at the standard chipotle over priced food. Cold food. Never have enough of anything. Not worth your time. Every employee should quit because they clearly hate their lives
Consistent at being the most disappointing at everything, this chipotle is in desperate need of new management and team members. Definitely the worst experience of any chipotle I've ever been to. From low quality food prep to unbelievably poor customer service, this chipotle wins the award of most disappointing on every level. Unfortunately, it is the only location on campus.
Obviously it's good. 

The guy gave me free guac which was super nice. They have single person bathrooms which is necessary for the humiliating process that follows eating at chipotle. The tortilla was kind of wet and cold which freaked me out and turned me off of finishing my burrito. I think it was a fluke though so I'll definitely come back because it's conveniently located halfway between campus and home.
I've been a huge fan of Chipotle for over five years now. I was so glad when I saw Chipotle opened in Philly, and even more glad to see one in University city. 

BUT...
All i can say is that the staff at the university city location is downright sloppy, which yields a lousy burrito

The quality  of the burrito is all over the map. It's either too much beans or too much rice, too little salsa or too much steak. Scratch the too much steak part...I kinda like that. In the end, there is only so much a tortilla can handle.  The worst incident I remember is when a server mercilessly squeezed the living daylights of the burrito and tore it. Instead of rewrapping it, she just tacked on another piece of foil, and handed it to me as if saying," I wrapped it, didn't I? It's your problem now."  The servers at this particular location give this  joint a bad rap. If you head over during weekdays in the afternoon, you may get a better burrito.

I have to say that the spicy salsa (red) at this location is better than the city ave one, where it seems a bit milder.
This particular location is a hot mess express. Everyone always seems so frantic. There's always long lines. The employees are just bitchy. I know they're mostly students who could care less, but a job is a job. I often ask for extra rice because I don't like their meat; they always act like its the biggest inconvenience to them here. I've been to several Other locations and had amazing experiences, no complaints. But this place is so hit or miss and it's mainly because of the staff. I only go to this location when I have to.
I'm a huge fan of chipotle. The food at this location is good, it tastes right.

Although, service isn't so good. The employees constantly roll their eyes and rush at making the food so it's inconsistent. They will ask you what you want on top of your bowl while you are at the other end of the line...then you have to scream over the loud noise in there which is pretty annoying. You can tell the employees hate their job, it's very clear. Management here obviously isn't so good since they don't keep their employees in check, usually means the manager is just as horrible as the employees. The employees are just straight up rude, maybe even beyond rude at times.
I go to chipotle a few times a week, at many different locations. The other locations I go to their employees are nothing like the employees are at this location.
This chipotle is terrible compared to any other I've been too, the service is terrible, not courteous, and not attentive at all, had to tell the cashier 3 seperate times what everything I ordered was and she still didn't put everything in my bag, and the food station was really dirty all of the choices were mixed with each other and it made my girlfriend sick she literally threw everything up less than 20 minutes after eating it, and I'm a avid chipotle visitor but this location is awful.
Chipotle was sort of cool when it first came out. It's still cool to many people. But to me, it's always been average and still is.

Yes, they make a tasty burrito. And, they do it quick. And the guac and chips they overcharge you for are pretty darn good.

But as a boy for Cali, this is not a real Mexican burrito. It's so American wannabe Mexican. And, it's priced that way as well, which means you pay more for something not quite is good.

Don't mistake me. It's not bad. When convenient, like on this recent occasion, it does the trick.

But, there is a lot better out there. And, not just authentic restaurant places. There are plenty of fast food Mexican joints that are much better.
I love chipotle! I love this specific location for multiple reasons. 

1. free parking on walnut street after 8pm.
2. outside seating! I sometimes bring my bichon poodle for walks and like to stop by here for a quick bite while people watching.
3. Always friendly staff. They're constantly running through their foods so basically you'll always get fresh of everything.
My daughter and I had a lunch date yesterday and decided on Chipotles.  

We have had Chipotles before but this time was quite disappointing.  I wanted to place two orders. The first, a bowl. The second, a burrito.  Both with the same ingredients.  I noticed that the initial server was in an unusual rush thus making her 1st mistake in giving me chicken when I asked for shredded beef.  When I informed her of her error, which wouldn't have occurred if she was listening, she then stated that if she added Barbacoa, it would be additional costs to me. That was her 2nd mistake.  I didn't ask for a mixture to begin with. And once she realized her error, she grabbed the bowl and threw it into the trash.  I had no idea Chipotles took part in throwing away food just for the hell of it.  

Now, onto the burrito.  Once I began nearing the end of the line to pay for the order, I realized that after they added the Barbacoa to the burrito, someone then placed cubed steak onto it. Which I never asked for.  I made it pretty clear to the servers that rushing orders causes unnecessary mistakes and voids quality customer service.  The cashier apologized for the inconvenience that the servers should have given.

Overall, although my daughter and I enjoyed the flavor of our lunch, it wasn't a pleasant experience ordering it. I wanted to get out of there in a hurry from being so aggravated.

Do better Chipotles.
Great veggie burritos. Meat eaters should know the beef is local, organic. This is a good place to eat and the food is tasty too.
I'm a huge chipotle fan, but this location has the lowest standards I've ever seen from this franchise
The veggie bowl is great and they also have sofritas to add to the vegetarian options. Overall it's a typical chipotle. It gets really full around lunch and dinner, but the line moves pretty quick. 

This location runs out of things (like guacamole) sometimes, but I haven't had this problem often. However they do seem to have unexpected closings a lot more than often than any other location I have encountered. They often close here for bad weather or random unknown reasons (while the surrounding restaurants stay open).
I love Chipolte but this location is the worst!! Slowest service ever, the counter they make the food on disgustingly sloppy, and I don't think anyone there can actually wrap a burrito.

If your in the area, just go to Qdoba and don't let this Chipolte ruin your opinion of all other Chipolte locations.
If you're a Penn student looking for a quick and inexpensive lunch or dinner, this is the place to be. Over the years I've been to Chipotle countless times, either for take-out or dine in.

However, I do feel that Chipotle's hype leads to a less than ideal experience. At peak hours, the line often stretches to the door, and this leads to inconsistency as they rush to quickly make burritos. It can also be a 15+ min wait frequently. I've been here when they are missing basic items like chicken or rice.

Qdoba is just around the corner (40th and locust) and offers similar fare with less crowds, but something does bring me back to Chipotle. Chipotle's steak and chicken are both delicious and fresh, and their burrito bowls are a (relatively) healthy and very filling dining option. 

Recently, I've been going to Chipotle a lot less, but it is still a staple in University City.
[insert standard I-never-eat-at-chains disclaimer/hedge here]

I'm not sure that my review will be representative of a normal experience at this Chipotle, as I visited during Spring Break. But when I visited, it was delightfully empty, and we strolled right up to the counter to order before taking our pick of seats (I'm sure this is aberrant). 

I ordered a veggie burrito, which, it turns out, is roughly the size of one of my wife's smaller purses. They pleasantly packed up this edible--and delicious--valise, and I went over to the drink area to pour some freshly brewed iced tea, which was also very good. 

The burrito was very good, and I thought the hot sauce was nicely spicy and delicious (too often are hot sauces either tasty and not spicy enough or face-charring and bland). And at $6 it was not a bad bargain. 

All in all a very good experience. Will be back next Spring Break.
Firstly I wanna say I'm a die hard chipotle fan. Whenever I don't know what I want to eat, I usually end up at chipotle. It's cheap, you get tons of food, and it tastes like something God made himself. That being said, this place SUCKS. Not because of anything bad with the three things I mentioned above but because of the service. 

I went to this other chipotle where I saw this nice, awesome chick make this gigantic burrito for this guy with "double wrap, double meat". I have a reputation for eating a lot so this was like something out of a wet dream (from drooling in my sleep). I asked her about it and she informed that any chipotle should be able to make it for you and it doesn't cost any more also! I was too excited at this point and she even offered to make one for me on the spot but I turned it down cuz I was in a rush at the moment and my burrito was almost done. 

Fast forward a couple of days. I went to the gym and worked up an appetite so I drove over to this chipotle. I tried to ask if the First Lady if she could make it a double wrap and she said sure. I'm on a roll (no pun intended). Then I asked the next lady if I could get double meat, then she just ignored me. Then I repeated myself and then she looked at me, then ignored me and then started muttering under her breath, then I asked if they could make it like a giant burrito, and then another lady answered saying they don't know how to do that while I could blatantly see the second muttering stuff (I'm assuming it's about me). In the end, I just gave up and asked the third lady to get rid of the second wrap and make it a regular burrito. 

I didn't mind that I just walked away with a regular burrito (well I did mind a little but only cuz I was hangry) but I was mostly pissed about the second girl blatantly muttering under her breath. Look me in the eye when I'm saying something and if you don't know then just say it. Someone like her does not belong on the line talking to customers. She's definitely a BOH kinda person so stick her on chopping duty or something (tats on rift arm). 

Granted it was dinner time and it was a little busy but the whole point of people in food/bev industry is that they gotta work under pressure. And if they're in the front, learn how to not seem like a witch. Obviously this place is right in university city so the people that work there are probably kids but you think a college kid would've learned manners at this point in her life. I'm curious to how she'll fare in the corporate world when there is potential more crap to dealing than just particular customers (I'll admit) like myself. Unfortunately I came here more than the place in center city because of easier parking but I much rather deal with parking that deal with her (people talking under their breath is one of the things that sets me off as you can tell).
I write this review as a lover of this chain of restaurants, this gateway drug of mexican cuisine, this staple food of college students. I've even consumed the koolaid on the whole "naturally raised" meat, ethical sourcing and so on. I'm a believer in Chipotle. 

That being said, I have found myself consistently disappointed with the performance of this UPenn University City chipotle. 

The quality food varies considerably. Stale rice, dry chicken/steak, inconsistent preparation/proportioning of burrito ingredients are all commonplace here. Service is slow, stuttering and even rude at times. 

I understand that this is a "Fast food chain" and at ~$6-7 a burrito, what can you expect. But compare this specific branch's performance to your average NYC branch, or even the center city Philadelphia one, and you're bound to be disappointed. 

To the casual passer by, avoid this Chipotle! To the Chipotle fan looking for a fix, fall back on this only in the darkest of withdrawals - but prepare to be disappointed.
I go to this chipotle maybe 3 times a week for lunch. The service is always spectacular. They know me by face and most employees know what I want when I walk in . I know that most Chipotle's are fast because it is fast food but they also are clean and do not short you of the the amount of food they give you. When I ask for a little more chicken or meat or guacamole they hook me up !
I love this place but I have to say I went yesterday and the worker dropped a few pieces of meat into the chicken in accident. After she took out the chicken from the cheese container she did not throw away the cheese that was touched. This really disgusted me because I was next in line and Im a strict vegetarian. Maybe some strict rules on meat vs vegetarian dishes should be made at chipotle..
I'm not a huge fan of chain restaurants.  Whereas many people like their consistency from location to location, I love the individuality and uniqueness of restaurants when I choose to go out to eat. Now saying this, I still like Chipotle.   Why?

For one, you can see all the ingredients right in front of you and you can have them put together any way that you want to, I def recommend a burrito bowl.  You'll have lots of choices for the ingredients and they all seem fresh enough. And with the added hot sauce, the final result is spicy Mexican food which I love.  

The Chipotle outpost in the University City section of Philadelphia is clean and staffed by friendly people.  It is prob not that different from the many other branches around the country .... but it is still a viable option for a lunch or quick dinner when one is needed.
The online orders are never ready on time. You can walk in and find an empty store but you can bet they won't have your order ready on time. Besides that its a Chipotle, you know what you are getting at this point.
Chipotle is the best restaurant ever known to humankind.  Stephen Starr and all his iron chefs cant touch it.  Seriously.  Just give up at being a restauranteur because Chipotle has arrived in Philly.  Honestly, would you rather have some overpriced sushi and tempura that you can get at any two-bit Japanese place while listening to some God-awful techno or would you rather eat Chipotle?  Don't answer because that's a rhetorical question.  I don't know why I am comparing Pod to Chipotle but either way, Chipotle is awesome.  It's a ton of fresh, hot, well-seasoned, delicious food at a very low price.  It fills you up, sometimes even enough for two meals.
Basically like any standard Chipotle, but with frequent issues. 

The staff is always rude. Every single burrito I've ever ordered here has fallen apart. They just try to hide their mistake by adding foil to the destroyed burrito. 

Is it that hard to wrap them correctly?
The employees were terrible and rude and were very skimpy for no reason. I asked for rice and she gave me half a spoonful no joke and then I asked for extra and she rolled her eyes and gave me the other half. Then I asked for extra chicken and she did the same thing. She also gave my boyfriend completely brown guacamole. And the chicken was completely burnt. I'd avoid this place at all costs!
Chipotle was nearly 20 minutes late on delivering my order.  I called to cancel and they told me to call back after I received the order for compensation.  Well I called back and they wouldn't do anything since the order was delivered.  Talk about a BAIT and SWITCH and lying associate.  

My food was ice cold.  Don't order food from this chipotle unless you want to wait forever and end up with cold food.  And of course they won't refund you.  I'm half ready to file a complaint on BBB for straight up lying to me.
The preparation at this location is mediocre at best. They seem to always be overwhelmed with mobile pickup orders or Ubereats types of orders. 

I've ordered for pickup and went home to find my order completely wrong! I ordered chicken and they gave me steak or vice versa. 

Additionally, the staff can be so overwhelmed that they forget to pack items entirely! If I did not pick it up, I wouldn't have been able to remind the cashier for both my drink and my side! 

I walked in and saw 2 employees rapidly packing orders from a screen and they were scrambling! Meanwhile, a small crowd of waiting customers were forming. It looked disastrous 

The staff could definitely use better training or more employees to handle the volume of orders. Especially to improve their quality of service and food preparation.
They are very slow, so slow your food cools down on the assembly line.  

BUTTTTT a burrito bowl is only 4.91 (as of this post) for only rice, chicken and beans. mindblown.
The management must really be mistreating its employees for them to be so rude to customers. I just ordered 2 tacos and as I went down the line, every single employee snapped at me. I have never had such an unpleasant experience at a dining establishment. I understand that the line is long and it must be stressful but it can never be justified for 5 employees in a row to snap at a paying customer.
I love all Chipotle's, except this one. 

My coworkers and I work a couple blocks from this Chipotle location and we order 3 times a week. (We have a serious addiction) I always order the salad but Chipotle always forgets the salad dressing! So I called the manager, Theo (I think that's what he said his name was) to understand how to order a salad since I am so obviously doing something wrong.  I'd like to share his response to my inquiry.


Theo's way to order a salad from Chipotle's website:
1. Order the salad
2. Order the dressing. (You'd think this is all that needs to be done, but Theo taught me this new secret way to order salad dressing, keep reading)
3. Please include dressing in special instruction notes.
4. Call the store and let them know that you've submitted an order online and that you'd like salad dressing included in the order.
5. Get in line to pick up your salad. Request salad dressing for the 4th time. 
6. Collect your salad. (Don't forget to check the bag, because you will not find your salad dressing in it)
7. Ask for your salad dressing.

Theo, thank you so much for the kind response.  I really appreciated your guidance in this troublesome journey that I had to embark upon.  I now know the correct way to order a salad from Chipotle at University City.

Sincerely,
Kara
