As Someone else mentioned, I love Chipotle but this location is not good. They are not efficient in getting people through the line compared to other locations I've been too. 

They always seem rushed and unorganized. A prime example of them having terrible service is today! A dozen or so of us walk in, stand in line, we wait for a few minutes as the employees look at us. Then finally one person yells to tell us that you can only order online like we're supposed to just know. The last time I walked in it was normal.  

No signs outside.
No signs inside. 
No one greeting you at the door to let you know the new process. 

For some reason allowing people to walk in and stand in line confused then yelling the new rules to them is the process they went with.

Annd... They got my order wrong today.
This is most definitely the most disappointing Chipotle that I've been to. The order frequently gets messed up when I order through the app - I don't get double meat, or the vegetables are missing in a VEGETABLE bowl (i.e. NO MEAT/Sofritas!). The vegetables here are typically chopped into really thick strips that end up not being cooked fully. Last time I came here, I was given a meager amount of vegetables in my VEGETABLE bowl and barely half a scoop of guac in that bowl. The guac I've gotten has also been brown a few times.. I've given this location MANY chances, because it's the closest one in the area, so know that this review is a cumulative review over the two years of living near this area and ordering from this Chipotle. Truly disappointing.
Hey you, the redhead in the Ralph Lauren sweater. Yeah, you. Remember when you went to Chipotle today and, after five seconds of waiting in the long line, you cut a deal with one of your friends, took the only open booth, and then stared blankly at the high metal ceiling so as not to make eye contact with any of the people giving you the death stare?

Well, I was one of those people, the one standing at the cash register who should have had rightful possession of that table. There's one of you every time I come for lunch. You're the reason I don't like eating here.

The burritos are fine and I guess it's cool that Cipotle boasts of seemingly endless organic achievements but there's only a handful of tables and always some selfish patron who feels he can cut the line to hold the last one for friends, even though they won't have their burritos for at least another five minutes.

Of course, you're not completely to blame, as Chipotle opened up in a spot too small to handle the traffic in the winter but you could at least show some courtesy to the people who were here first. Jerk.
If I could, I would give the burritos six stars.  The humanely raised all-natural meats, the delicious veggies and guacamole, the salsas, the way everything is perfectly seasoned and spiced... Chipotle is just so tasty.

But this particular Chipotle is missing something -- tables.  There are maybe 10 tables in the entire store, and half of those have stools bolted to the ground so you can't pull up an extra seat when needed.  The store could easily hold many more tables if they just used normal ones instead of going for a "steel mushrooms are sprouting from the ground" aesthetic.  Nothing ruins a good burrito like having it get cold while you shoot pleading looks at people to hurry up and eat faster so you can have a place to sit.
Its alright.  It beats the hell out of similar establishments(I'm looking at you Q'doba) because the food is just hands-down better.  The nachos are a little oversalted but that is forgiveable.  

I recommend the chicken fajita burrito, but have them throw in some rice, beans, and guacamole.  You will not be disappointed.
I'm not much for chain restaurants, but as far as burritos go, they're better than most.  And massive.  If these burritos aren't laced with a little crack, I'd be shocked.  I'd say I'm here once a week, mostly if I'm leaving late from the library (I go to school right down the street) and they're generally pretty kind about piling on the fixings.  I've also tried ordering online which works out pretty well.  Just follow the instructions on the website and you can't go wrong.  And if it does (and it has - burrito wasn't made when i arrived) they smooth it over with free chips and guac.  It's difficult to complain with free food.
I love chipotle but this location has turned me off to it! 

Every single time I order, it's an unpleasant experience. When I order through the app for delivery, my order either never arrives or arrives with missing items. So I decide for next time to order for pickup, however that's always terrible as well. I end up having to wait almost a half hour past the "promised" pick up time to get my food only to find out my order is either completely wrong or missing items! You can never win at this place.

Last night I placed my order 30 minutes before for a 6:00 pm pick up. Now I know it's prime dinner time so they're going to be busy. I showed up at 6:15 expecting my order to be ready but it wasn't. I was waiting with 10 other people inside the store while only three workers work in a small section trying to fulfill all the orders in a rush. I don't understand why they can't work  in the assembly line they have in front of the store? If it's for COVID safety reasons it makes no sense because everyone is instead crammed in the store not social distancing for long periods of time while waiting for their food. Service would be faster if we were allowed to order in person and it would ensure order accuracy. Anyways, 25 minutes later I finally got my order but when I got home discovered it was completely wrong. I ordered a chicken bowl with veggies, lettuce, brown rice and black beans. What I got was a half filled bowl with sofritas, white rice, and pinto beans. Totally innacurate! I submitted a complain and have yet to hear back but I won't be coming back to this location until I can order in person, maybe.
This is the worst Chipotle in Philly. I've had massive issues with every single order I've placed here. Last time, we got it delivered and the rice was crunchy and hard and old and the drink was missing. This time, we placed an order on the app and went to pick it up and they messed up every single item. They left out a PAID side of guac from my quesadilla order. The burrito we got was literally the half the size of a normal chipotle burrito and was missing key ingredients - it must have been 4 inches long. It only had cauliflower rice and guac, veggies and other ingredients were missing. The soda fountain was broken, too. The employee was really nice when I asked for my soda cup, but she neglected to tell me that their soda machine was 100% empty, and she watched me walk over to the soda machine and try every single soda only to discover that there was no soda syrup in the fountain at all. I just left after that. This place is horrible, disappointing, poorly managed, and you should never go there. Only good thing about tonight was that I got a full refund.
This specific location of Chipotle is weak. I generally like Chipotle, but this one just doesn't have their shiz together.  

If you can avoid this location and try the one out at Plymouth Meeting mall. It's much, much better.  

Chipotle really does have good food, even if it used to owned by McDonald's... barf... but don't worry, they don't own them anymore.
Although it may seem like I only give out 5 star ratings, I truly only feel compelled to write about five star places.  Chipotle is one of them.  Many of you who have previously experienced chipotle in another location (Ohio, Pittsburgh, Baltimore) know exactly of what I speak.  These burritos taste like Ugly Betty's dad sat in a kitchen all day marinating meat and rolling them himself.  Imagine my immense excitement when I found out that Chipotle would be handing out their delicious confection for free!!  Yes, the first day they opened, they gave out FREE burritos and drinks.  

Now, if you fall in the category of Qdoba or Baja Fresh fans, you really need to take the trip to Bala Cynwyd and discover for yourself why Chiptole remains, HANDS DOWN, the best place for a burrito north of the border.  

My roommate even goes as far as to say it's so addicting it's like crack.  Don't worry, you won't have to go to rehab.
I am not one to post negative reviews and am very understanding that COVID has changed so much for restaurants, but this Chipotle is laughably bad. Like many others, I love Chipotle but this location is actively trying to ruin it. I've been blessed to work from home during this pandemic, so I often order lunch in from local places. I'd say 5 out of 6 times Chipotle gets my order wrong. I think after today I'm finally done. The bowl I got was no where near what I ordered that I checked to make sure it had my name on it. Sure enough it did, they just completely disregarded what the order was. And don't even get me started on trying to go in person - an utter waste of time (almost 1.5 hours last time) and still wrong, with rude workers on top of it. 
As much as I love Chipotle, they've lost me until they completely change this location.
Good food. Not so clean location. We wanted to stop somewhere and grab a bite, something different from the norm. Sit down and relax instead of eating on the go or taking home warm food. So we decided on this Chipotle location and we regretted it after our purchase. Every unoccupied table was filthy. The trash cans were overflowing with garbage and I had to use cold water from the soda machine to wipe our table off. There was long strands of hair all over the condiments area as well. Food was good, but I'm definitely not returning to this location for Chipotle. Nope.
I have eaten here several times and it is always the same experience-- the service is slow, the order is inaccurate, and the staff are fairly rude. Go to a different location.
This is one of the worst Chipotle Restaurants I have been to. We have ordered online through the app about 4 times and in all of those times they have given hardly any protein and will fill the bowl with rice to make the bowl look full. In our most recent order they didn't include the chips and also gave us a half empty guacamole. 


The only reason we go back is because we were given gift cards, but it's clearly not worth it if this is what happens.
Finally it is here. One of the only places i went for Burritos in Atlanta is finally in Philly, andd right across the street from my office building. You can't get any better than that.
I've tried your Baja's and fake "Mexican" restaurants Philly and I was not impressed. Chipotle is going to make easily a million from this one location in the next two months. Didn't get to the free stuff. Line was way to long. But rest assured I ran over there as soon as lunch hit. 
Note to self and others: They still use fax to place pick-up orders(how 90's) but it is well worth it because of the long lines associated with good food.
I'm such a fan of Chipotle, like seriously.

I think it's because my friend likes it. Or maybe because my parents like it. No, somehow, even if you get short-changed on your ingredients in the place, your burrito or burrito bol will still taste pretty damn good. The ingredients are pretty addicting. Though I think I must give a warning in that I think the tomatillo-green chili salsa is pretty damn spicy. This is coming from an Indian girl, so mind you, I can handle most of the spicy stuff I am given. Perhaps I'll give it another shot before I REALLY warn you about this ;)

And nothing says accomplishment better than eating an entire Chipotle burrito. Until Center City has a location, I suppose I must frequent this location more often.
I've had some of the best burritos I've ever had here. Duh-li-cious. 

Chipotle is always a treat for me since I am a total fatty and get extra rice (but light sour cream- it balances right?) on my steak fajita. It's a guilty pleasure that I always am sinfully happy to indulge. I love the burritos and the workers are both friendly and efficient. The prices are quite reasonable, even with extras like guac or chips and drink. 

I also appreciate that the have lemons available at the drink bar so that I can add it to my diet coke. 

This is the best Chipotle I've been to and the only thing that would make it better would be easier driving/parking access. Whoever designed the parking complex should be kicked in the back of their knees. Seriously, who makes only one entrance on city line avenue going in but doesn't make one coming back out??
I was a little wary to try Chipotle because McDonald's had a hand in its development. But since it seems like a pretty decent company and everyone seems to love it, I gave it a try.

I am the type of person who goes on the website and looks up nutritional information. As usual, it was a horrifying experience. 

Luckily I was able to cobble together a salad that was reasonably healthy. I picked chicken, black beans, hot salsa and guac to go on top. I'm glad the dressing was on the side because the salad honestly did not need any. 

Over all, it was okay, not fantastic. I would eat here again, but for mexican cravings I'll stick with taquerias.
I am a Chipotle aficionado. I order online at several locations throughout everywhere I travel and live. This Location is the only location I've found that keeps its food consistent and fresh. 
The portions are fair and for an athlete who burns up to 2000 calories a day, it's important to maintain a diet that replaces these nutrients with protein (beans) and carbs (rice/avocado). 
Their guac is always creamy. 
My only complaint at all locations is that I hate eating charr. Vegetables should be stir fried, not left to blacken on a grill top. 
Love the crew that works here-they deserve a shoutout for awesomeness and consistency!!!
Sadly, this place has been over-hyped.  i was expecting AMAZING, and all it was passable.  I would only give the food 2 stars (way too much cilantro in everything!) and too much sour cream, salsa, etc. slopped on.  But I added a star for two things.  one, I appreciate their commitment to quality ingredients.  Second, the employees are GREAT.  One of the managers came over to see how we were doing, saw I wasn't thrilled, and promptly subbed out my meal for something else.   Now I didn't love the new meal, but I was able to eat some of it - the original steak tacos, I couldn't even eat.  The cubed steak was seasoned unpleasantly to me, and had a weird texture.  But good customer service means a lot!
Philly doesn't do burritos very well at all, and in my opinion the best you can get here is one of the chains, Baja Fresh, Chipotle,  or Qdoba.  As far as I can tell, Chipotle and Qdoba are clones, and their various locations are all very, very similar.  So everything in this review, although based on this particular location of Chipotle, pretty much applies to all locations.

Chiptole does just one style of burrito.  Choice of meat, choice of beans, lots of rice, choice of salsa, sour cream and cheese.  It is made to order right in front of you.  Once you get to the head of the line, your burrito is prepared in about 90 seconds.  The ingredients are certainly of high quality, and served the way I think in the right way - wrapped in foil and possible to eat with your hands rather than a knife and fork.  The restaurant overall has a cool modern look.

So why only three stars?  I'm not entirely sure what it is, but these burritos just don't excite me, and I'm a person who gets excited over burritos pretty easily.  There's no flavor explosion.  I can't put my finger on it, but I find myself loading these up with salt and Tabasco to try and get some flavor satisfaction.
I should preface this review by admitting that I am totally drunk...
on Chipotle kool-aid. Yes. I love this place. Yes, it's a chain, and I know I should support the "mom and pop" burrito place. But I'm sure there's a mom who works here...and maybe even a pop. And how can you argue with customizable burritos?

I always get the black bean veggie burrito, no cheese or sour cream (make fun of me if you want, but I'd like to live to see many more burritos!), extra guac, and yes on the chips. The chips have always been good here, though compared to some other reviews, maybe I'm just lucky?

What I love about this location is 1. its proximity to Target, and 2. its nice outdoor seating.

Not much else to say here. I'm a fan!
This Chipotle is literally so unpredictable. 

Nothing worse than having that feeling of binge hunger and arriving at this particular Chipotle and they don't have steak, cheese, pico, corn AND lettuce all at once. Every now and then, they'll run out of the occasional ingredient and it's quite annoying - but still manageable to order your favorite meal without it. But most recently this past week (way before closing) they were literally out of about 6 ingredients all at once which is pretty unacceptable if you ask me. 

Employees are obviously unhappy to be there - they move painfully slow, with zero sense of urgency and slop together the food so carelessly, it's possible to actually lose your appetite watching the way they make your  meal.
Picked this Chipotle because it is roughly halfway between myself and my boyfriend.  A nice perk is there's plenty of parking in a covered lot, which was a bonus on a rainy night.

It's definitely a college location with the proximity to St. Joe's.  As a result, the line kind of ebbs and flows and can get pretty long at times. The seating is limited, and turned over too quickly to be cleaned in between; the beverage/condiments station also lacked regular attention by the employees. Still, the food is classic Chipotle - fast, easy, and tasty.
You have to order online but can sit inside and eat? How stupid is that. People that work here are super rude. Watched about 10 people leave because they were told they have to order online. Center city doesn't even make you do this
So my last review wasn't so pleasant. Today I guess I'll keep the ball rolling. I came here YET AGAIN against better judgment. Since this location is always inconsistent, when I drove up I read the signs to make SURE I can order in. The door read in HUGE LETTERS "OPEN FOR DINE IN." I walk in and it was pretty quiet but I stand to order only for the woman to say to me online orders only. I'll be professional and leave profanity out of this but how much BS can one location give? I immediately turned around and walked out without a word because in my hangry state, I'm not a nice person at all. 
    Obviously it's false advertisement to say it's open for dine in and then tell customers you can only order online. I don't know if it's management, I don't know what the hell it is at this point BUT I'm surprised people put up with their crap anymore. Not only will I write here but I won't stop until they change all the way. It's such a disappointment seriously!
I will start by saying I am a true Chipotle customer. I will find a restaurant anywhere I am. This location however, seriously needs new management or something. It's unbelievable how they lack professionalism, sense of urgency or anything for that matter especially now during this COVID time. 
     I frequent this location because it's near my job and home. It's gotten to the point where I'm willing to drive further to go to another Chipotle just because this one sucks. Examples of how they need new management...one, seems like they pick and choose when they let you order inside or online only. Two, the whole purpose of ordering online is to have it waiting for you upon arrival, NEVER is. Today, I was one of the MANY people anxiously waiting on employees who not only took their time but carried on with their personal conversations while the store was almost filled of people waiting. A line formed for people to order inside while an employee was setting that side up at 12:30pm. Mind you store opens at 10:45AM! Someone saw the line form and yelled with an attitude "ONLINE ONLY" while he was preparing food in the back. 
      Before I came I ordered my food online at 12:00p and got there at my promised time 12:30p. I waited in there until 12:50 for food. Not only did they make it super late but they didn't call out orders made or put them in the spot people are supposed to pick up so it sat and sat. Finally I walked over to check the bags along with about 10 other people hovering over bags trying to leave. I honestly don't know how this store is ran under these conditions with it seems like no concern for customer service. 
     Overall, I'm done with this location and toxic relationship we seem to have. I'm not the only person who experienced this kind of behavior let alone pay for this service. Hopefully this review reaches who it needs to so these issues can be addressed.
I just had the worst experience at this Chipotle. I've been here several times and never experienced anything like I did today. I get there and I order a chicken and steak burrito bowl, they are out of fajitas and shredded lettuce. I also ask for a quesadilla and was told I had to order it on the App which makes absolutely no sense. I ask for a salad bowl, I'm told they don't have any vinegarette and ask if that's ok.. ughhh no it's not OK! I ask for tortilla chips ..they don't have any. I go to pay for my bowl I'm told they only taking cards no cash. Thank goodness I have plenty cards. I get back in line as I still don't have anything for myself. I ordered the chicken tacos, I asked for brown rice, chicken, tomato's , lettuce .. the young lady says umm let me check if we have more rice she goes in the back then over to the take out side and comes back and says we don't have anymore brown rice.. I said just give me the meat lettuce Tom as she's making it a young man comes out with a fresh tub of brown rice. I said there goes the rice right there.. she says you want me to put it on the side ? I say no JUST CANCELLED THE WHOLE THING .. like what the heck is going on at this location? It's dirty and unorganized, and not supervised.. worst experience I've ever had at chipotle!
I don't know if they hired 2nd graders to work here or what but these people apparently cannot read. They mess up my mobile order every.single.time. I've worked at a chipotle before I know it's not that hard to not put sour cream on a bowl that doesn't ask for sour cream. I thought this was common sense but apparently not to these people. Ridiculous!!!!
I would give zero stars if I could. Not only is the staff rude, it's just so disgusting and unsanitary. We decided to get takeout and we got there on time, however they were running extremely behind so we had to wait an extra 20 minutes. Once they gave us the order, it was literally so cold. Not to mention that it was watery and unedible. They refused to help us or make a new one. Look at the picture and see for yourself, this place is disgusting. I would seriously be worried about health violations, I'm going to gag. Get it together.
I went to Chipotle last night at 8:15. I stood in line for 15 minutes when they announced they were out of both white and brown rice and it would take 30 minutes for white rice to be ready. I'm not sure I understand how a Mexican Grill is ever out of rice. To not have a fluid operational system to ensure that the ingredients never run out boggles my mind. Against my instincts I proceeded to get a salad bowl which when I got home and opened looked like a bowl of soup and tasted so flavorless I threw it out. This is certainly the worst Chipotle in the area and well worth driving the extra 15 minutes to the next location.
I love Chipotle but this location is pretty terrible. Every time I go without fail they have run out of something. One time they were out of rice, and since it was close to closing they weren't making any more. The girl ended up scraping rice off a few burritos she already made (and I guess messed up? Not sure why they were dissected) to make my bowl. Which by the way was severely lacking in rice. The last time, they were out of the medium salsa...and ice? Had to drink some warm soda. Lame.
Also, I came in an hour before closing and it was obvious they were trying to GTFO, as everything was already cleaned.  I asked if I could eat inside, the answer I got was "only if you are super clean." What?! I can see that being ok maybe ten minutes before closing but a full hour? How about no. 
So while I do enjoy casual Mexican dining, this location is terribly managed and needs help.
Can't say I feel safe eating this burrito. I ordered from door dash & this is what my burrito looks like. Not sure if was messed with or the person handling my food was being lazy. Is it really that hard to wrap a burrito?
Until last week I had never experienced Chipotle.  I heard many people ravish about how delicious is it so I thought I would give it a try while in the neighborhood.  I ordered the chicken tacos and was quite underwhelmed.  I found the chicken to be too spicy for my taste (I admit, I am sensitive) and the quality in general to be just "alright".  I didn't find this place to be any better then Qdoba.  I would consider trying this again nonetheless.
I remember when I had to drive all the way to NY or MD just to get a taste of the delicious Chipotle burrito.  But no more!  

There are a lot of people who'll walk in and say "Oh it's just like Qdoba."  I say, you my friend, have broken tastebuds.  Sure it looks the same, has the same format, but the meat!  The meat at Chipotle is cooked sous vide which allows for the most tender, flavorful meat.  (If you don't eat meat, then you have very little say in food quality.)

I've never had a problem, and they are more than willing to heap on as much of anything I want.  Their price is soley based on the meat you choose, and the rest is essentially free.  I like to get a Bol Barbacoa and Steak mix.  (Bols allow for more heaping.)  I get all of the toppings with all 4 salsas, extra "hot" sauce, and extra cilantro. I wish they had more bottled hot sauces to choose from, but the green tabasco mixed with smoked chipotle is really good.  Plus, my bol is so heaped with food that I can take it home for a second meal.
I checked this place out when they first set up this area. It was alright. I haven't been won over by the taste at this location. I've been to a chipotle in Ohio, I definitely thought it was better there. 

The service hasn't been top notch from the last couple of times I've been there either. Sorry, I wouldn't Crave this place if time and money depended on it.
I couldn't wait until chipotle opened up on cityline so much so that after I finished classes, I drove myself out of the way to that area just for a carnitas burrito when I heard it was finally opened.  

But there was something different compared to others.

I got in and waited for the tortilla flattening guy to put on his latex gloves for like literally 4 minutes. When he finally stopped fidgeting, he was finally ready to take my order (how convenient of him) and then when it came down to the end, the other chipotle handler had problems wrapping the burrito, tearing the tortilla.  After seeing all that, my burrito didn't taste as good.

I'm not an unreasonable guy, the place just opened, I realize that, but this happened to me again a week ago.  Compared to all the other times i've had it in Chicago, SF, Atlanta and NYC, this one is a train wreck.

Hopefully they'll get their act together before their food suffers.
Rating this as my kids do. I love it for my son who can get a gluten free meal   They gave me a handout for those with food allergies!  So appreciative of that. Now if they only had corn or rice tortillas it would be 5 star for us.
The food is very fresh, the staff is pleasant, and there is easy parking.
I'm a HUGE Chipotle fan and have enjoyed burritos and the salad bowls in New York City and Philadelphia area Chipotle stores. I LOVE that fact that the meat is hormone free and high quality.  The toppings and produce are always fresh. Guacamole is VG to EXC .... only guac that beats Chipotle is table side prep at Rosa Mexicano in NYC or my own made version.

I'm happy to pay an extra few dollars for quality 'fast' food and have to confess that our family members 'crave' it from time to time.

Staff at this location on City Line Ave. is ALWAYS friendly. Never had a problem here. Stop by for a quick dinner, then get your Target shopping done right next door.
Do not eat here!!

Used to eat here regularly however, went this past Sunday and got food poisoning. It is now Tuesday night and I'm still dealing with it, may have to go to the ER, seems like E. coli to me so please beware!
Friendly staff, they had no trouble understanding me and didn't ask me to repeat any parts of my order- which I appreciate. Indoor Seating is adequate at off-peak times (e.g. before noon and after 2) but there may not be any open tables at the busiest times.
This is my favorite place to grab a quick bite since I've worked in Bala Cynwyd.  I consistently order their steak taco, hard.  The staff is so friendly and since I am a regular, they usually have my order up from when I get in the door to when I arrive at the counter.  It's not fancy, but it's always clean, clean, clean.

I love that everything is fresh and there are no additives in the meat.  I am never disappointed with the quality and taste.  Consistent.  An entree and a drink is almost $9 - a bit costly for semi-fast food - which is why I did not give five stars.  Lunchtime parking for the shopping center where it resides is pretty congested, too.
Jebus, I love this place.  Kicks the sh*t out of Q'doba (as Brad P. said); enough that I could eat there five days a week.  Hint: get mild AND hot salsa on your burrito.
I hit up this location on my way into or out of the city without having to worry about parking/tickets/crowds. 

I usually get the vegetarian salad with guacamole or the steak salad.  I'm not sure why people get the burrito bowl over the salad bowl.  With the salad you can get all of the same things for the same price except with fresh romaine lettuce on the bottom and an amazing dressing on the side if you so choose. With the burrito bowl they add shredded lettuce at the end, like it's a decoration or something.   

I like that Chipotle now offers brown rice in addition to white.  It's probably not much healthier in the grand scheme of things, but it sure feels healthier. 
I also like the music... And the fact that you can ask any employee (or go online) for a playlist.  Good food and good tunes make me swoon. Thanks, Chipotle.
Just an average experience. Came for lunch and it was crowded, which was expected for  its location.  The line went pretty quick, but it was so hard to hear between the people and music.  There are not that many tables so I had to hawk one out.

Food was okay. I had a bowl with rice, chicken, and topped off other sides with guac.  Tasted good but not amazing for the $12 I paid.  I get it's fresh ingredients with anibiotic free meats but still pricy.
I love Chipotle, I really do.  Someone said this place is exactly the same as Qdoba and that is FALSE! Chipotle has better food and it's a bit spicy, hence the name Chipotle.

Now I will say the menu is limited but they have just everything they need.  Tacos, Burritos, Quesidillas, Bowls.  My favorite is the Chicken Bowl.  I love it and that you can get it just the way you want it!  

The salsa is fresh salsa, not that stuff you get out of jars and they have free refills on fountain drinks as long as you sit in.  

The bathroom is usually clean.

The staff is friendly and even during crowded times, the line moves fast.
Chipotle Mexican Grill is one of my favorite places for a hot, quality, low fat meal.  This location on the Main Line provides all of that, and a spacious dining room and FREE, close-by parking. 

I have been to this location three times.  I have found that the food is always piping hot and fresh.  During each visit I found the line fully stocked with food that was fresh, hot and recently stirred.  The store has many healthy options that fit into a 500-750 lunch diet.  My recommendation is the Burrito Bowl with the Barbacoa.  According to their website, the shredded beef Barbacoa is actually lower in fat than several of their other meat dishes.  This location now served brown rice - which combines the cilantro flair of the white rice, with a light nutty flavor.  Other lower fat and lower calories options include the tacos, the burrito and the salad.  (The meals fit so well into my calorie plan that I can even get some full fat shredded cheese.)  

This location offers some extra perks versuses other Chipotles in Philadelphia.  There is a free, close-by parking lot just feet away.  You also get to stop by Starbucks after for coffee, and hit up the Target.  The location also has a spacious dining room with ample seating.  I can bring my laptop to get work done and never feel pressured to leave quickly.  The staff at this location have been friendly and efficient. 

HEALTHY LUNCH RECOMMENDATION: 
Barbacoa Bowl with Brown Rice, Pinto Beans, Extra Salsa

For a treat (not on the diet plan), don't skip the tortilla chips!  They by far are the best in Philadelphia with a hint of salt and lime.  Better yet, get a bag to go!
This is a very nice, well run, clean Chipotle.  My Chicken Burrito Bowl was a bit too spicy for some reason today - but otherwise - it's just the way I like it.
Every time I go to Chipotle.. I usually know what to expect.. decent mexican food that is also quick. I emailed some time ago about this restaurant, because they served disgustingly stale chips and I thought since my complaint before things may have improved at this chipotle location. Unfortunately, it has not gotten any better.  Today, I went to this store and I ordered a bowl. The restaurant was pretty busy, but the workers were particularly cranky. When the woman asked what I wanted on the salsa station, I kindly asked for corn salsa, sour cream, guac and lettuce. She didn't smile and just slopped on the smallest amount of guac into the bowl (picture attached below). As I was going to the register, the person working there also just took my card, said nothing and handed it back to me. No thank you or even a smile. Additionally, when I got home (which is a 5 minute walk as I live on city line ave as well), the steak and rice were cold. Overall, I was pretty disappointed in chipotle again. I wanted to give this location another try, but it seems like I am more often disappointed than not... and it feels like I wasted $13.00. It definitely is quick fix for mexican food, but with the experience with the stale chips the last time and now the poor customer service.. it makes me not want to return.
This is by far the worst experience I've ever had at a Chipotle. And I've been to many. Usually, when I go, the only inconvenience I expect is a wait in the line. Not an issue this time. The two issues I had was the lack of preparedness and the attitude of the crew. Only one member who was taking the initial part of the orders was pleasant to deal with. The other three had negative attitudes which I opted not to feed into. And the only reason I did not cancel my order was the fact that I was in too much of a rush to go anywhere else. In addition to the subpar customer service, the line grew out the door due to food not being ready. There was no white rice for almost 15 minutes. Other items ran out one at a time and the employee working on sides had the worst attitude of everyone. Maybe he was just overwhelmed, I don't know. The mobile orders also got in the way of people placing their orders in the store. They started my third entree then left it on the counter for 3 minutes while they filled a mobile order. Lastly, after I paid for my food and went to the condiments bar, there was no cutlery or sauces to put on the food. After this experience, I will not be returning to this location. I've had other questionable experiences at this location, but this one was bad enough for me not to return. Whoever the manager or owner is might want to consider retraining the staff.
I'm pretty new to chipotle...I usually go to a certain other Mexican chain...but today's chipotle visit made me side with them a little more. I got a burrito bowl with brown rice, black beans, chicken, corn and mild salsa, cheese and guacamole. It was really fresh tasting and I like that I could pick brown rice. The chicken was a little dry...probably should have done beef or pork, but the salsas were really good and the guac was fresh with nice big chunks of avocado and just the right amount of cilantro flavor. The bowl was pretty huge so well worth the $8. It does slightly annoy me that chips are extra when every other Mexican place in the world will just throw them at you...but it is probably not a bad thing for me to eat a few less tortilla chips in my life, especially with such a big meal. 
The staff was very efficient and friendly so no complaints there.
Limited menu but what they do have is solid yummy. Usually I love Chipotle, but my last experience at this location the servers avoided eye contact, and seemed annoyed with our ordering (ok, admittedly with 2 kids it is harder). Servings were MUCH smaller that I got at Plymouth meeting location. Like, the kid's taco had a pinch of meat on it, and my veg salad didn't fill me up--I was stuffing myself with my kids' chips, all 5 of them in the little bag. Get your serving sizes UP please! SMILE at me and don't act like I'm bothering you. Thanks.
Timely service, as is the case most of the time, and great hard shell tacos. Everything was prepared well and fresh as always. If there is one thing that they have to get on top of, professionalism of the help. At times, it is lacking. I am not going to"zing" them on it though because for what it is, it's done well. Huge difference between this location and Ardmore. Ardmore is horrific.
I just wanted to follow up on the glorious Chipotle experience I had today. 

I ordered my burrito via the iphone app, which is very well designed. As I walked through the door, the person working the register recognized my face, and grabbed my order. It was prepaid, so I just walked out the door. In and out in 15 seconds. Simply amazing customer service for a chain "fast" food place. 

Finally, my burrito was not only exquisite, it was phenomenally well wrapped. I will post a pic.
Super disappointing. Used their online ordering. Food was supposed to be ready at 215PM. 225PM roles along and food still not ready. Asked the cashier who then checked a ticket and said it was, "about to be made," though politely. Iafter 232PM, about 15 customers served and me asking a second time about if my food was being made I finalkt asked for and was provided with a refund.

Moral of the review....do not order online from here. Moreover don't come here if you do not want to wait. Seems like the assembly line of food makinh should be perfected by now but this place always has a line. Two stars given for quality of food and the fact that the cashier apologized. Unfortunately,  I will not be back.
Worst Chipotle ever. Staff is surly. Doesn't listen to your order. Food is less fresh than other Chipotles. Also, don't go during lunch or dinner. This is a pic of them ignoring myself and a dozen other people in line, while they fulfill a bunch of web orders (tickets in pic). We came in to get our food fast, and in person. But we are second class citizens to randos who click on their phones. They need a second make line for web orders.
Out of multiple ingredients which is disappointing... but worst part was all tables were disgusting and dirty. 1 person in line, 2 tables taken, seemed to be at least 5 employees. No one wiping down tables. Every table had dirty food/liquid all over it. Walked out before ordering due to no place to sit.
I must agree with the other reviews. The experience I had tonight was horrible. I LOVE chipotle but this location needs to revamp their operations. The rice was undercooked, I ordered a double but received a single. Everyone in my party of 4 was totally disappointed. I don't even like writing a negative review about Chipotle but something needs to change. I hope that corporate sees these reviews and makes a change. I don't know if the employees are mad at the owners or what but this really an awful location. My night was ruined.
Yikes too loud in there! Could barely hear the girl taking my order.  Must have asked her "what, excuse me?" About 100 times!

A burrito, side of guac with chips and a drink was $12
And change

If there was a Moe's around I would have ventured there instead
This location is so poorly run that it's laughable. For one order of two bowls it is taking 40 minutes. Oh yea, you read that correctly. FOR-TY minutes.
Great food. Great employees. Awful planning- or whatever it is that makes the line move. 

I have never been to a slower, more packed location than this. And I've been to many a Chipotle in Manhattan. It's unfortunate, cause so much of the magic it Chipotle is how quick it is. Not here. Plan to be in line for 30 minutes. No joke. Any time of day.
DELICIOUS! Too crowded though.  I recommend the barbacoa burrito
Went last week for the first time. The burritos are slightly smaller and more expensive than at Qdoba, but the flavor is better in my opinion. The guacamole is awesome and the salsa is flavorful.

Went back a couple of time since then and I have yet to be disappointed.
Unfortunately this location is really poor and has gotten worse during this Covid year. They make you order from their app when you are standing in the restaurant looking at food in the hot bar area that they won't serve you. My order of one burrito was ready 40 minutes later than the time quoted to me on the app. My burrito was completely cold and I got it right after it was prepared--the ingredients in the Covid prep area must all be cold. The staff was very unfriendly and 2 people put the food together while 30 customers just stood in the restaurant waiting. Terrible management and staffing.
Terrible customer service!!! I ask the worker if she could change her gloves because 2 seconds before,she scratched the back of her neck with the gloves she use to prepare food with . She immediately had an attitude after doing so. While she was preparing my order she aggressively throw the food on the table as if I'm an animal so I told her   I don't want the burrito anymore and walked out.
Meh. It's a Chipotle. I'd been wanting to try the vegan sofritas. Burritos are my favorite. I'm just not that enthusiastic about chain restaurants. But it was fine. I might go back to a Chipotle again in a yearish if I'm in a hurry for fast food or something.

Oh, & it was crowded so Ed C & I had to sit with strangers. Weird.

Apologies for my lack of enthusiasm. I suppose I might have been better off with no review at all. Whatever. It's a Chipotle. At least it's vegan friendly.
I went to Chipotle this evening and got a burrito that looks like it was made for an infant. I'm beyond upset and I feel like I wasted my money.
First off, I am a Chipotle champion as I consistently recommend and talk up their fresh ingredients and heat in their food.  HOWEVER, this particular location rates poorly in service.

I routinely order a barbacoa burrito with pinto beans, hot salsa and cheese.  I like the heat of the barbacoa and salsa and stay away from the greens and sour cream/guac.  With this same order time after time, I have had the portions range from small to they could barely fold the burrito together.  The worst time was when the tortilla broke, and they just scooped out the contents and placed them in a new tortilla.  It was messy, was 2/3 of the original size and left my heart broken.

I have frequented other Chipotle locations and the one on City Line Ave just fails to live up to the standard of other locations.
Known for being slow, having bad customer service, messing up online orders, and now for the lack of cleanliness. Having been an online customer for the past two years I have let a lot slide. I was appalled this afternoon when I saw the shape of this place in person.  I will absolutely not be coming back to this branch. Shame on the managerial staff for letting it get this far.
I absolutely hate this location. The customer service is trash and they never have anything. I waited in line tonight for 30 mins only to be told they were out of rice. How do you run out of rice at 8:30 but you don't close until 10? To add insult to injury one of the little smart asses serving food told me if I want rice I need to go to another location and made a sound when I walked away. I see why y'all have security. I bet these bitches would do their fukkin job without shit to say if he wasn't sitting there.
I just went in for an online order and the 3 people who work there were being hounded with waaaayyyy too many orders. So, yes the wait was long, like 30 minutes late for online orders. I blame something about the ordering system for this because the people working there were clearly working so hard, while also somehow managing to be so patient, so kind, and I just wanted to say thank you - especially to the gentleman with short dreads working the register  - I biked home just meditating on how kind and patient you were with the woman standing at the front berating you about how to use the chipotle website to cancel her order and you telling her without stress or any harshness whatsoever, in such a nice way, "I really wish I could help you but I simply can't right now." I was deeply touched by that. Made me want to apply to work here to be blessed with some kind and patient coworker relationships. Thank you!
Miss almost every ingredient in both my burrito and my fiancé's tacos. The guacamole was brown. And the chip bag had maybe 20 pieces of chips. If you're low on item don't take orders. This was the last straw in a series of bad orders from Chipotle. And then they give us attitude because we have the audacity to make a complaint. I used to work at chipotle and this is beyond sub par. I paid way too much money to get a few pieces of chicken. I even paid for extra chicken knowing that they give small portions. We demand better service.
Training on basic customer service skills are and cleanliness are needed at this location.  The attitudes were absolutely horrible!! I asked to speak with the manager a blond female said she was the manager I explained the issue with my order and the behaviors.. She literally could care less based in her respond and no effort to rectify or address the issue.  I will never, ever visit this location.  I also plan to call the corporate offices!!! Horrible
Absolutely horrendous store. Offer online order only and love giving you brown guac. Constant issues at this store.   Its not the employees who works theirs fault. Its the manager and the Donkeys up top.
This Chipotle has been super frustrating since the pandemic started. At the beginning of the pandemic, the portion sizes shrunk like they were trying to ration the food, the meat especially. That situation has gotten better, but one thing that has continued to remain spectacularly bad is the online ordering logistics. Every time I go, my food is ready at least 20 minutes after the app told me it would be ready. This usually means that it's taking 40+ minutes for them to prepare my order. Not sure why it would take this long given how quickly they prepare food during non-pandemic times.

The worst part is the chaotic pick up process they have going on. The entrance to the restaurant is usually closed until a worker comes out and mumbles the name of whoever's order is ready. Because it's so hard to hear with the City Ave traffic in the back and because everyone is hoping their overdue order is ready, the end result is a large group of people huddling around the entrance trying to figure out if their order is ready. I wouldn't be surprised if this Chipotle is the next scene of a covid outbreak due to the large gathering of hungry and frustrated customers outside of the restaurant everyday. City Ave Chipotle, please get your act together!
All the previous 1 and 2 star ratings are appropriate. This location, tucked into an awkward corner under a Target parking structure, is hit or miss as far as food and service. 

I've been several times as I've never had any real issues with the quality of my meal. During my first visit I asked for a burrito bowl - with a little lettuce. The woman taking my order retorted "a salad." I said, "No I just want a little lettuce, not much." She continued (in a very sassy way) "If you want lettuce, its a salad." Given my nature I could have gone back forth forever holding up the line and arguing the point that there is only the difference of semantics here, no change in price, ingredients or add-ons. I did not. I let a Chipotle worker have her day and continued on down the aisle. 

During my next visit I noticed that the delivery orders are being fulfilled from the same station as the walk-ins. This means that the employees squinting to reading orders from receipts are obstructing the movement of the employees taking orders from the customers standing in line in store. This is quite awkward. The beautiful part about Chipotle is the ease of ordering. Point, Shoot, Pay, Fill water cup with Soda lol. When the person fulfilling my order cant scoop my guac because someone else is using the guac spoon (even though its my turn and ive been waiting in this long @$$ Chiptole line), its bothersome. The many other locations I've been to have a separate station for online/delivery orders. As they should. 

On another visit I wisened up! Ordered online for pick up, parked, noticed a shockingly long line and semi full seating area overwrought with children. I saw the Panera style online order shelf and swooped in to grab my meal. My cup was in the bag so I swung around to the drink counter and filled with Mr.Pibb. I was out the door in under 4 minutes with a line of people staring longingly at me. A champion. The Lance Armstrong of Chipotle. 

Again, I've never had any issues with the quality of food like some other reviewers indicated and this may have something to do with the times in which I visit this location. But my advice to anyone reading this. Order online for pickup. They dont deliver fountain drinks and the bottled drinks are robbery.
This is hands down the WORST location of Chipotle I have EVER BEEN TOO. Not only do they have horrendous customer service, and hang up on you when you call with a question about an order but they DO NOT EVER GET THE ORDER CORRECT. All but 1 of the times I have ordered through the app, and even when ordering in person I waited 90 minutes for a cheese quesidilla. In NO RIGHT WORLD SHOULD ANYONE WAIT THAT LONG FOR A QUESADILLA. This part needs to be mentioned aswell because it is literally a DAY CARE. The one time I walked into the chipotle to pick up an order there were kids running around, and lounging at the tables with their feet up while their parents were screaming at them from the other side of the counter while they were preparing an order. SHAME ON THE MANAGERS FOR ALLOWING THIS AND SHAME ON CHIPOTLE CORPORATE FOR NOT GETTING THEIR ACT TOGETHER AND RESOLVING THIS SITUATION. I WILL NO LONGER GIVE MY MONEY TO A COMPANY WHO DOES NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS IN ANY WAY SHAPE OR FORM.
This location is horrible! Garbage everywhere, staff barely speaks to you, food is inedible! Stay away from
This one unless you want get salmonella poisoning. You are seriously taking a risk by eating here. We threw ours out!
i ordered online because of covid and both my and my moms order were missing about half our stuff, it's understandable because of covid that some things would be missing but all the vegetables on mine were missing (it was my protein) along with more, my moms was missing ingridents and had beans all though she asked for it without them. the resturant seemed somewhat unclean from the bathroom to where the people were working. Generally i've had bad experiences at this place over the past three years, this is not somewhere you go because the food is good and you want to go... this is where you end up because you are starving and hangry
Inconsistent. 

To my dismay this place has severely let me down. I think we have been here maybe 8 times so far and been satisfied 2 of those times. They are EXTREMELY hit or miss in every way. The customer service is either great or absolutely terrible. Some employees treat me like I am asking for the whole world when I order. I can FEEL them rolling their eyes internally as they shuffle me through the line, giving me meager portions of everything but their attitude. 

I mean it's Chipotle, go here if you need to, but just know that you'll have to spin the Roulette wheel and hope that you get lucky with whoever is going to make your food.

GOOD LUCK
This one is much better than the one in university city. If you live out this way I guess your options are pretty limited!

My friend and I treked out here on a sunday due to el fuego being closed. 

Pretty solid burritos!
two very hungover chicago girls made a trip out from the city for this place.  hurrah hurrah, it's here!
nothing beats the barbacoa soft tacos. it was like a little happy dance in my mouth.
i'm so excited that it's in philly...now all they have to do is put one in the city...and i'll be a very content girl.
I can't stand their casual food process - especially ordering online. They're always late!!!!!!! I hate chipotle.
I don't blame the staff working in this establishment, they were hustling. They were only taking mobile orders which makes sense , since there is only 3 people . One cooking , one making the orders the 3rd person is loading . There needs to be max # of orders that should come through the sight during peak hrs. This will allow the food to be made properly, and delivered promptly. The staff gets 5 stars from me but the brand gets 1.
This is literally the worst chipotle. I've eaten here so many times out of convenience with the same poor service but this time was really the last. I promise you will be just as disappointed when you visit here. They delivered me an empty cup when I ordered a bottled drink (not the drivers fault since they can't open the sealed bag to check the order) and the employees including the manager clearly don't care to do their jobs with dignity. Sad to say the owners clearly don't care because they'll continue to make money since they're next to a target. But from now on it won't be mine.
This place is trash, has 8 people standing outside in the rain waiting for their food and some of them have been waiting 30+ minutes. Don't waste your time or money
