ROACH ***IN*** MY FOOD. DO NOT GO HERE. DO. NOT. GO. HERE. I ordered delivery today and got a few bites into my food before noticing this little fucker. Idk what the process for reporting this kind of thing is but you can be sure I will share, shout, and report the shit out of this.
Everything is fried. Yeah, they have grillwd chicken, but served with fries.  Just ok. Not cheap, either. Limited seating.
I want to express my gratitude for enforcing an outrageous $10 credit card minimum. It's ironic how most of your chicken bowls / salads / sandwiches happen to be .60 cents shy of that minimum. On the bright side, at least others won't have to wait as long in line for their meals due to abysmally slow meal prep. 

Good luck and Happy New Year! Popeye's here I come!!!!
Someone on my team comes here at least once per week for the chicken bowl and I had to admit I was curious to try this place out! I ordered the lime jalapeño chicken with Chix rice (rice cooked with chicken broth). All entrees come with a side of mixed veggies (zucchini, broccoli, carrots, and cauliflower). 

My favorite part of the bowl was actually the mixed veggies: they were cooked and lightly salted to perfection, and there was a really generous amount (unlike the two pieces of steamed broccoli you get with orange chicken at certain restaurants). The lime jalapeño sauce was also really good, not too spicy. It reminds me of the green sauce you get when ordering Peruvian chicken - yum. 

The chicken itself was fine, nothing special. The way they do it is to grill the chicken plain and then add the sauce on top, not marinating the chicken beforehand. The Chix rice added some good additional flavor but was kind of hard, like second-day rice. Not sure if it was the type of grain used or the cook method. 

Overall I did like the place and the portion size was on par with the price. I didn't love it enough to go out of my way to come here again, but it's a nice little addition to the fast casual places in the area.
I've been passing by and ignoring this place for years until a friend of mine strongly recommended i try it, and I was super happy I did! Chix and bowls may look like a sort of bland, unexciting chicken joint, but it's a great Korean-fusion place serving grilled and fried chicken in interesting flavors. Their main attraction is chicken bowls ($8-9), a satisfying portion of chicken over rice with grilled veggies on the side. They have options like katsu (Japanese fried cutlet), Jamaican jerk, jalapeño cilantro, teriyaki, etc. They also have a wings section with some of the same sauces and others like sesame garlic, etc, and other options like fish and chips, steak bowl, etc.

I got the spicy garlic chicken, which had a generous heaping of juicy, marinated grilled chicken. The seasoning was flavorful, but the real star was the gochujang-based (Korean pepper paste) sauce; it was sweet, spicy, a bit salty, and tasted great on the chicken, rice, or veggies, which were cut and grilled just to my liking. You get a choice of white, brown, or chix rice so I tried the chix, which had a bit more flavor than plain rice. It might've been lightly fried or cooked with some chicken broth, not sure, and even though it was a bit drier than I like, I still enjoyed it.

I shouldn't have judged chix and bowls by it's cover, because for less than $10, I got one of the tastiest meals around. Definitely looking forward to trying the other chicken flavors as well as their yummy looking fried chicken (looking at you sesame garlic wings!)
Friggin' terrible. 

Grabbed lunch here with some co-workers. The restaurant layout is very bad. No one knows where the line should be. One person was working two registers. Both customers and employees seemed to be in a constant state of confusion. 

The food is overpriced and not great. I got 6 chicken tenders and they were the greasiest things I've ever encountered. The worst part was that the breading didn't even stick to the chicken. Every piece I had fell apart and grossly slid out of the fried breading. One piece of chicken was completely inedible. It was just a greasy, undercooked piece of rubber. 

The fries were decent. But this place mostly sucked.
This is a striaght nasty place and I have posted pictures to prove it. Cashier eating and drinking at the register. Bathroom is a mess , why in earth is there a patio table in front of the toilet and pee all over the seat. There is a dirty mop near the bathroom in plain site of the dining halls leaking dirty juices everywhere. Than the cook touched it and went back to cook in the same gloves ewwww.... I'm so angry with this place...
I got take out here since it's a block away from my office - got the spicy garlic chicken bowl. My coworker got the crunchy sesame garlic wings with a side of rice. I really liked the wings surprisingly...I'm not a huge fan of wings to begin with (had a scarring experience with eating too much at a time at BWW and never could really look at chicken the same way ever again) but these wings were very crispy and I liked the flavor a lot. The spicy garlic was a bit too heavy on the spice for me - it doesn't quite taste like the Asian spice I grew up with, it's more heavy and blunt. Not the most pleasurable taste but I pretty much finished all of it anyway because I was starving. However, I very much enjoyed the stir fried vegetables that came with the bowl on the side - and a generous portion of it too (I love my veggies). 

We also got the fried Oreos...I would not recommend. There's a sour aftertaste to it and there's a very thick layer of dough around the Oreo that it feels more like I'm eating a fancy munchkin than a fried Oreo. Guess it depends on what you like but I wouldn't get it again.
The chicken barely had meat on it and way too much sauce. A waste of $9. The only good part was the fries but how can you really mess up fries.
Love this place! I ordered the lime jalepeno chicken with chix rice and it was DELICIOUS. The portion size was at least good for more than 1 meal. My only complaint is that the veggies were doused in soy sauce or something of the sort and i would prefer just grilled veggies with no sauce, but other than i recommend this place!!!
The wings do not taste as good because they serve wings that have been steroid induced. I will not be eating here again. Doesn't cost that much to serve healthy meat...
food was good, but can no longer use a credit card for a single meal. my total was aroun 9.50 but was told i cannot use my cc but i have been for months all the time. 

!!!! also when you try to use an online app to order the food like grubhub, to get around this limit they charge 9.95 for a bowl on grub and 8 in the store!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it cost more!!!
Huge selection of rice bowls and chicken assortments. The chef, and whole restaurant staff is amazing. I went to the Rittenhouse square location for the first time at Chix & Bowls an Asian Fusion restaurant I heard great reviews online and also from family. So I decided to make the adventure to Rittenhouse square for food food. I knew I wanted a rice bowl, yet there were soo many options. The cashier helped me navigate and asked do I like spicy I stated absolutely so I ordered the spicy garlic chicken with white rice and vegetables. From the chicken to the rice  was very special amazing restaurant and will be coming back. Great food, location, and prices.
I ordered the spicy garlic 8 piece wings on ritual. I think it's a really reasonable price considering you get wings and french fries on the side. I've definitely had better wings from another Korean restaurant but this will definitely do if you don't feel like walking all the way to Chinatown. I personally don't think the spicy garlic is actually spicy it's more so very messy and sticky but overall it was fine.
Finally got to try this little Korean/Asian chicken wing/tender place! Their menu is much longer than your usual chicken wing shops and I like that they also offer lunch box like rice bowl dishes. 

The chicken tenders I ordered were tasty, though its skin was a little too hard for me. The quality of the meat was high notch, you won't feel like you are biting off something that only tastes good because of its friend skin and the sauce. 

Would recommend to someone who like fried chicken.
BOMB.com! I travel a lot and always on the lookout for fresh, delicious and well served food. I was brought here by a local friend and got a Teriyaki chicken bowl...superb! Lots of chicken. 

Will def be back when I'm in town.
2 years in a row ordering wings catering for the superbowl and it's yummmmmmy and always a crowd pleaser

i got the spicy garlic, soy garlic and buffalo. the spicy garlic is SPICY but still so yummy! 

delivery was right on time and wings were warm and delicious! thanks for always making my superbowl a good time
Their recent "$10 minimum for credit cards" policy is ridiculous when you consider a majority of their entrees come out to just below $10, forcing you to either pay cash, something fewer and fewer people carry these days, or purchase an additional item. It's basically a forced up-sell. I understand the need for credit card minimums, but when someone's order is ~$9.50 cents and you won't accept their credit card, it's ridiculous. I'm not trying to buy a pack of gum or a can of soda. My coworker bought a full entree and the manager had no flex on this policy, forcing him to buy extra food that went to waste because of this policy.
They claim that this is in order to keep costs down, but they've been doing this since day one. Kind of shocked we still go there with the drop in quality and higher prices. When they first opened, customers could select which sides would come with their chicken bowls. Then they changed the meal to come with grilled vegetables and shredded carrots by default. And later removed the carrots from the package. Reducing the amount of food while raising the prices.
This was a staple for my coworkers and me, but we're rethinking that.
my review is solely on delivery through postmates. i ordered 30 wings for me and my friends and i was super impressed! it's like a downgraded version of bonchon wings, but i'll take it! the flavors were very good and the spicy wasn't too spicy which i loved. i'll definitely order from here again!
My chicken is getting smaller and smaller......I mean every single time....

I guess at the beginning just wanna to attract customers, but really need to think about how to keep the customers and the business....... Disappointed........

Please stop calling me! It's just my personal opinion! Won't change my review.
Chix & Bowls serves the spot in-between fast food and a more proper sit-down meal. When I'm considering Chix & Bowls I'm also considering a place like Revolution Taco or Rione (Roman style pizza), which are both in the neighborhood and around the same price point of $11 to $14.

Chix & Bowls serves that craving I have for fried chicken when I want something different than Federal Donuts and I don't feel like traveling to Andy's Chicken in Graduate Hospital. Though of the three my preference would be for Andy's chicken as I find it to be the most delicious.

Coming here I will definitely recommend grabbing the crispy chicken wings. I only go for the honey ginger sauce and it's quite satisfying. I'm not a big fan of fries although theirs is on the better side. So because the employees are kind they'll throw in an extra chicken wing as a substitute for not getting fries. The wings are actually a good size which I I'm pleased with.

I've tried other items on their menu but honestly nothing is too remarkable. Their curry chicken is acceptable as is their chicken katsu.

They won't get five stars from me because I think the taste could be better. They do have a decent seating option which you can see in my photos.
I've ordered from here for pickup (on yelp) twice now, and both times it was delicious. I had Chili Garlic chicken with white rice and Jerk Chicken with chicken rice (which is similar to the arroz amarillo packets you can buy in the grocery store). Both were delicious. Second time I got an extra side of the grilled veg and it's easily two meals for a guy who likes to eat.

This will definitely be in my lunch rotation!
Couple of things are wrong here: 

1. Compared to bonchon or cafe soho, the wings were NOT crispy. They were also drenched in a thick sauce that was very overpowering 

2. The moo (pickled radish) was not marinated well - I was basically eating a raw radish 

3. The kimchi... WHERE DO I BEGIN. I've had kimchi all my life and I am actually offended that this place calls their "kimchi" kimchi. I can't even describe the taste... They are better off buying a jar of kimchi at HMart instead of making their own. 

Overall highly disappointed and will not be returning again.
This place is one of the best new take-out places to come out recently.  I've tried 90% of the menu at this point and from my experiences so far, the food here is great and you get a lot of value with some items.

Best items:

Crispy/Grilled Chicken Sandwich: order comes with fries, sandwich has lettuce, tomato, raw red onion and mayo.  Get the double if you're feeling hungry.  Way better quality and value than you would get at Shake Shack when comparing their chicken sandwiches.  Plus, fries are part of the deal.  

Spicy Crispy Garlic wings: although the price point is a bit high (about $1/wing), if you haven't experienced eating korean style wings before, Chix & Bowls gets it right.  Give them a try if you enjoy spicy wings with a crunch.  

Any of the chicken bowl options: To be honest, you can't really go wrong with any of the flavors.  Each bowl comes with your choice of rice, grilled veggies and sauce (if you go with the katsu, you can choose your sauce to go with it).  The Jamaican Jerk and Spicy Garlic flavors are the spiciest ones if you're into spice.  The Teriyaki sauce is a bit too sweet for my taste, but the sesame chicken is a better option for a sweeter sauce.  

Already on first-name basis with the store manager and he and his staff treat me pretty well.  Chix & Bowls will be enjoying my business for a long, long time.
This is definite the best fried chicken restaurant in Philadelphia. I have ordered from the restaurant multiple times and it never lets me down. The chicken is so crispy, moist, and flavorful. Honey garlic double fried is a must order.
Food is delicoous, service is top notch and the price is right. I got the spicy chicken withnthe chix rice which is cooked in chicken broth. Everything was tasty and definitely spicy. I appreciate thst they serve it with a side of veggies also. They also give a side of additional sauce!
Still a solid choice for lunch and dinner. Their new dry rub wings were super tasty. I had the Sriracha Chipotle with fries. Didn't even need the blu cheese/ ranch that came with it.
I literally came here because I was really starving. I ordered the sesame double fried chicken wings. Service was great. Food was okay, I wished they had the option to choose a side though. The side they gave me I did not like it at all, this place is not big, so if you have a big group and plan on hanging out here, don't. Just head to the RItten house park. Also, there's another place like this near Jefferson Hospital. Both are the same concept
I have to admit - I was surprised with Chix & Bowls. I feel like I've subconsciously avoided it for a while because I thought it was a chain - but I was wrong! There are just two locations, one in Rittenhouse and one at Washington Square. This place is a great restaurant for a quick, cheap, and relatively healthy meal - especially in Rittenhouse where things can get pricey. I would recommend bringing cash because most items you order there are just shy of $10 and they have a $10 credit card minimum. I got a teriyaki bowl with grilled chicken and chix rice (which is is basically yellow rice cooked in chicken broth). The grilled chicken was delicious, especially with the teriyaki sauce, and the vegetables were great. Overall, it was a solid and cheap meal.
Friendly service. Rice bowl was dry and flavorless. Meager portions for sides. Too many good options nearby to make this place worthwhile.
I think I'm good on returning here for a while. I had the Crispy Sesame Chicken rice bowl. While the chicken was pretty good and edible (mostly), the side of veggies were crunchy and the rice was chewy. I couldn't even bring myself to finish it it. I just kept chewing and chewing. It was a disappointment, considering I hashed out almost $9 for the entire lunch meal w/o a drink (thankfully that was free with a Yelp Check-in).
The crispy sweet chili wings were honestly some of the best wings I ever had! I would go for the crispy over the regular. The first time I was there I spoke with a couple that were eating the regular wings and they weren't too thrilled with them. Their fish and chips were good. The fries are nothing special but I would say that the fish is. I also ordered white rice and mixed veggies on the side. The mixed veggies were stellar! They actually grill them and you can taste that open flame taste-delish!
Pretty good naked wings, I was impressed.  The naked wings are the ones without breeding.  They manage to get them crispy even though they are not breaded.

It takes about 10 minutes for them to make the wings because they make them to order.

I wish that they gave volume discounts on the wings.  It's $10 for 10 pieces.
The lunch portions are good. The spicy garlic chicken is delicious. It comes with white rice and a side of delicious sautéed vegetables. For $10, the amount of a food was a pretty good deal. 

The service was OK. They made the food fresh so it took about 10 minutes. I wish the place was bigger because there isn't much seating. Definitely a better place for takeout. Calling ahead would have cut down wait time.
Good tasting food for a decent price. I got their new curry rice bowl, which took 5 minutes to make. The curry came out steaming hot. The grilled veggies had flavor but weren't too salty or mushy. The only thing is there wasn't as much chicken as there is for the other rice bowl dishes. They have a chix rice option which is rice cooked in chicken broth and gives it flavor over white rice.
Wow, banging. get that good good baby - lime jalapeno is like flavor town's capital. 
Tenders are mostly good - sometimes you get alil chicken slippage out of the crust - you know what im sayin!?
Great food and service! Always a go-to spot for me. I've had the fish, chicken tenders, fries, teriyaki chicken bowl, and wings so far. All have been great. I'd highly recommend!
This has become my go-to place for a quick takeout lunch or dinner during the time I have been in Philly. I have tried the Spicy Garlic Chicken Bowl and the Lime Jalapeno Chicken Bowl. Both were very delicious, and you get a side of cooked veggies which makes the meal feel more balanced and healthy. 

I loved the Spicy Garlic chicken bowl as it tastes authentic. The Lime Jalapeno is pretty special and interesting, not to mention tasty. 

The owner(?)/cashier is also super nice. For the price, the quality is high and portion size is generous. 

Definitely check this place out (there is also some seating in store).
BEST CHICKEN WINGS EVER!  These guys are crazy nice and they know what they're doing... 

I live around the corner and had seen them setting up shop. We were in there the first day they opened! Totally worth the wait!  

We picked up sweet chili wings and inhaled them, totally brilliant!  I will be back (often), absolutely planning to try every flavor wings before I tackle the entire menu!
I absolutely love this place. I will only leave reviews on items I've had.

If you have never been here, the bowls go like this:

Pick Protein
(Chicken, Steak, Shrimp)

Pick Rice
(Brown,  White,  Chix)

Grilled Mixed Veggies (comes w/every bowl)
(Zucchini, Carrots, Broccoli and Cauliflower)
So goodI order side veggies OFTEN!!

BOWLS: personally enjoy the Jerk Bowl, jalapeno lime Bowl, and spicy garlic Bowl.

The steak bowl is delicious but the steak-to-rice ratio is off. There simply isn't enough steak for the bowl. 

I've ordered the Teriyaki Bowl but personally I felt it left a lot to be desired.

WINGS: I absolutely live by the regular wings. My favorite flavors are spicy garlic,  sweet chili, and the Jamaican Jerk. The honey barbecue is pretty good too.

This next part is super important ask for them well done with extra sauce!

Stay away from the crispy Wings they are greasy and have double breading... unless you like that sort of thing.

FRIES AND DIPS: I really like their french fries the nice and crispy. I also love their chili aioli. It's the only dip I have ever had and there's no need to try another.

CHICKEN STRIPS: I really like the chicken strips the nice and juicy however the breading always falls off. I will say I do still like the flavor of the breading in the crispiness of it. I just wish it stuck to the chicken.

Overall this is my #1 fast food place in CC Rittenhouse. The bowls are generous and if you are thinking of getting 20 wings, splurg for 30, they have discounts on 30wing Party platters (any combo of flavors).

LADIES: I lost 7lbs eating in 2 months simply by switching my fast food to bowls from here.  Plenty of protein, white or brown rice depending on your preference and the.grilled veggies are the BEST!
Ordered chicken katsu with spicy BBQ bowl. The chicken was hot and crispy. Also ordered the lime jalapeño chicken bowl... amazing sauce! Spicy and savory. Great place for chicken fix. Friendly service!! Will come back again!!!
My friend took me here while I was in town. I wasn't sure at first but my food was amazing!! The cashier recommended the Sweet Chili wings and they did not disappoint! Everything was super flavorful and well seasoned. All in all the customer service was great, food was delicious, and I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Phili!
This place absolutely crushed it. Placed an order for over 80 wings (both bone-in and boneless). Not only did they have everything ready on time, but it tasted great! They had very solid prices, the fries weren't soggy, and they provided as many cups as I needed. The guy who took my order was nice and really helpful in determining the price and how many wings to get. 

I would come here for a big event that needed wings, they're great! Just make sure you give them some time. I called a few hours before and it was perfect!
Been here several times since they opened. Food is passable, the sauces are actually somewhat delicious, portions are weak for the price you pay.

Unfortunately, enforcing a $10 dollar minimum for credit card transactions, having their chicken bowls after tax cost $9.49 not allowing you to pay with a card, and having the fast food counter boy tell me "buy an extra sauce to make it $10 or pay in cash" is not only insulting, but also a poor business model. The sign on the register states it's to keep to food cost down since serving white rice, 4 oz. of chicken, and veggies really breaks the bank. 

I was wondering why they haven't been busy recently, but this now makes sense.
Worst customer service. Very rude to customers. I ordered 2 sides (rice and mixed veggies). After I paid I asked for sauce. The guy taking all orders at the cashier is so rude, has an attitude, rushes me and says "Next time you order you need to tell me want sauce, it's .60 cents". He said I can't give you the sauce or ring it up since you are paying with a debit card and the minimum is $10. He clearly lied to me since the rice and vegetables that I just paid for was about $5. I will never be coming back to this place again. Customer service is trash and they don't care about their customers.
I read a lot of Yelp reviews but rarely do I leave them. This place is worth the review, 100%. Their chicken and rice bowls are perfect options for lunch and filling enough to split between two days, depending on the size of your appetite. Their chicken thighs are perfectly grilled, giving you bites of crispy char and the most tender chicken.

I've been here countless times and can't seem to get anything aside from the Spicy Garlic chicken. It's so, so delicious. My boyfriend has eaten the jerk chicken (very good and they aren't shy with the spice), teriyaki and a few others. Though the bowls I've tasted of his are great, the spicy garlic is hands-down my favorite. 

If you're in the Rittenhouse area for lunch, go here. If you aren't in the Rittenhouse area for lunch, go here. You won't be disappointed!
I got the crispy wings plain with sauces in the side. I did this so I could try some variety. They were meaty and nicely cooked. I made a mistake with one of the sauces thinking it was something else. I think the next time I'll try the wings not crispy and plain. And then I will get the sauce I originally wanted. 
Nice staff and very quick!
my coworker took me here ; to be honest i wasn't very excited by going here based on the menu pics online ; but the yelp reviewer pictures looked so appetizing; i was recommended the lime jalapeno chicken, rice, and vegetables ; IT WAS DELICIOUS!
I even got brown rice which most places don't know how to do well. it was not only done well but it was delicious you'd think you're eating white rice. 

i cant wait to try their wings and spicy katsu chicken too!!

God Bless!
I tried Chix & Bowls for the first time based off of a friend's recommendation. I ordered chicken katsu to go. Honestly, I was craving chicken katsu and this wasn't the most amazing katsu I have ever had, but it was decent. My main complaint is that the vegetables tasted burnt. There were some other choices that I am looking forward to trying sometime.
I absolutely love chix and bowls!! The chix rice is AMAZING. Great size portions! My favorite dish here is the chicken teriyaki. Always super quick with getting the food out. Lots of options. Definitely more of my cheat day meal since the chix rice is my favorite. But feels like a healthy cheat day meal compared to other options
Love the fish and chips here! The chicken sandwich is also a favorite -- everything is good! I order there through the Ritual app fairly regularly and the order is always hot, fresh, accurate, and right on time.
It's good for what it is: a quick chicken stop. I got the crispy chicken sandwich (which comes with fries!) for around ~$6 plus tax. The fries are good. The chicken itself has no seasoning whatsoever and is somewhat dry at times, but it blends well with the mayo, lettuce, pickles, onions, and bun. The portions are pretty generous and will surely fill your appetite.

Mediocre at best, but for the portion size and the price, it hits the spot when you're craving a chicken sandwich.
Definitely a five relative to what I thought going in. So many different chicken options!

I got a fried chicken sandwich with fries. The chicken was thick cut so it was still really juicy (almost too thick I was wondering if it was fully cooked but I think it was)

Sauce options were great I had a chili aoli which I really liked. The fries were crispy on the outside soft on the inside. I think everyone has had these type of fries before, like they weren't hand cut or anything, but I love them none the less. 

Girlfriend got the chicken tenders. They were breaded like a chicken katsu. She liked it!

Looking forward to trying a grilled chicken rice bowl next time for a healthier option
If you're looking for a no frills chicken spot, this is perfect. I am came with a friend to visit Philly and decided to stop by for a quick meal. We both ordered the spicy garlic chicken (under the crispy chicken menu) and it came with mixed veggies. I ordered my food with the Chix rice and my friend got Jasmine. 
At first glance, we were pretty unimpressed as the presentation is quite simple and regular, but we enjoyed our meal. I absolutely love that the food comes with veggies since it seems like it's so hard to find healthy food these days. The mixed veggies were cooked perfectly and seasoned well. The Chix rice really just tasted like bland yellow rice, but rice is really just a carrier of flavor - so that's fine. The chicken was very good and didn't have a ton of fried coating which I appreciated. 
Word of warning to those who order spicy: this was actually spicy!! If you're not comfortable with authentic spicy food, I would pick another sauce. Overall, I will definitely return for an affordable and delicious meal.
So, we initially thought to go to Panda Express...but then we remembered an Instagram post from Chix & Bowls a while back that had me drooling. 

So, we just had to get it!  My girlfriend got the Teriyaki Chicken with veggies (no rice, but extra veg) and I got the Sesame Chicken with rice and veggies.  Both were phenomenal.  I've always been a HUGE fan of Panda Express,  but this place knocks it out of the ball park.  The chicken in both meals are full of flavor and not one noted.  

We got the food delivered and they even provided extra sauce on the side.  But it was so good that the extra sauce wasn't even needed ‍.  I promise you...if you don't like veggies you will leave from eating a meal here, loving them!  Everything is just so flavorful. As soon as we took the food out of the bag we knew we were in trouble.

Highly recommend!  Don't miss out on this gem!  This is what being in Philly is all about my friends.  Good foods!
My second time here! The first time I got the chicken katsu (fried chicken) with white rice and spicy garlic sauce on the side. I had bought an iced tea bottle but on seeing the deal on yelp for a free medium drink, I requested the cashier to process a return for the iced tea and honor the coupon. He was kind enough to do so - THANK YOU to him, if he's reading.... he did smile and tell me "make sure you write a review!" So here it is!!

Today, I got the lime jalapeño chicken (grilled chicken) with white rice. I enjoyed it a lot! Also got my medium size free drink :) 

The only thing is that the place is quite small so it's usually difficult to find a spot to be comfortable while you wait for your food order or to pick up utensils etc.
Its fried and its yummy....their chicken is good...fries are okay....can't really mess those ups. I got their fried fish - really bland and tasteless. Was not impressed by this. My sis in law got their fried chicken in sweet chili sauce. She liked em though will get the sauce on the side in the future. 

I'll be back to give it another try.
