You would think that if a restaurant was named Chix & Wings, then their wings got to be good, right? Wrong.

I pass this place literally everyday on my way to work, today I decided to give it a try, and there is not much to say other than cheap. 
Cheap service, cheap attitude, cheap food quality. Oh yeah cheap as in cost as well! 
I got the FAMOUS double fried wing served with a side i.e: Sweet Chilly " crispy "wings and a Cole Slaw side.
Wings:  6 pieces of tiny, badly sauced and not tasty or crispy inFAMOUS wings.
Cole Slaw: dry and flavorless.
Price:  $6.95
Would I go back and give it a second try? Hell to the no! There are plenty of fish in the sea.

Two Yelps!
The service was fantastic. They very attentive. This is my new spot!! Wings were outta this world.. It's very clean inside this establishment..
Wings were really good, but I was not expecting the spicy garlic to be that spicy. Kind of hard to eat, but it was still good though. The jerk chicken was way too spicy for my taste. Average pricing for some good wings.
Chick-a-licious is new fast food joint in Center City near Jefferson Hospital.  It is an inexpensive spot that boasts a healthier fried chicken. 
 I don't know how healthy it was but it sure was very tasty! I tried the special which was four Chicken fingers and french fries for 7 dollars. It came with 9 or 10 dipping sauces and I choose the spicy BBQ sauce. The chicken fingers were large long pieces of breast meat with a very thin but crispy layer of breading. The flavor was amazing and the fries were also very tasty.
 I came back for a Caesar salad topped with the same chicken fingers, and as a added bonus they have a lot of salad dressings available including Wasabi. Great cheap eats destination.
The wings here are fire. The fries not so much. I got the spicy garlic wings and loved them. I can't say anymore and this place because I got the food using Uber eats.
I was on the hunt for fried chicken in center city and found my way to Chix and Wings. $19 later, I left with 20 double battered wings - half soy garlic, half sweet BBQ. Crispy, crunchy, savory, sinfully delicious. I feel like - and boyfriend confirmed - these are some of the best fried chicken wings we have every had in our lives. 

There's a lot more to try at Chix and Wings - sandwiches, platters - things I would try, definitely, but I will not be able to return without getting more double fried wings.

The staff was kind and helpful, the spot was low key and laid back - not a ton of space to eat, but very clean and simple.

Honestly, for a quick meal - or a pile of hot wings for the football game - or a fried chicken dinner for a small army - this is the place to go!
New place to the down town phill went there for first time with my friends today and I ordered the crispy chicken drum stick with sweet chili sauce. I am very surprised to found out that there fried chickens are comparable with Bon Chon Chicken but in a much cheaper price. The service was great and fast. Definitely going to be one of our new place for quick bites now.
During my year of school, I must have visited this spot a dozen times or more. I have tried their rice bowls, theirs salads and of course their double fried wings!! They have over ten different sauces for their wings... And their green cilantro based sauce is great as a salad dressings or for dipping fries. Honestly I use it on everything!! 

They are pretty economical and definitely give you a bang for your buck. Big portions of satisfying and savory food for your money. I have noticed you get more food when you eat in than take to go. 

Lastly the wings are indeed freshly made so expect to wait at least 15 minutes... Or call ahead for pick up.
Service is terrible. I've been twice now and had a terrible experience with rude and nasty staff. The food is mediocre and they nickel and dime you for everything. I'll never go back.
don't let the old school yellow sign fool you! It looks modern inside. don't forget to use your yelp check-in for 10% off. 

Chicken is fresh and made to order. Variety of sauces.  The owner is extremely friendly and even gives us free samples to try different chicken/sauce combinations.  Can't beat the value of price and taste!
Just ordered a crispy chicken wrap for pick up while I was working. When I ran in to pick it up, it wasn't ready. The counter girl wasn't the most pleasant, but whatever. I ordered honey mustard on the side for my wrap and she informed me I had to pay for it. Really? I had to pay .50 for honey mustard - not extra honey mustard or anything. I ordered the wrap dry and wanted the sauce on the side and I got charged for it. That's annoying and I'm just petty enough to never order from there again because of it. Food was good, but there are so many food places in the area, I'm good. I've worked in this area for 13 years and ordered from almost every place within a 3 block radius. This is the only place I know of who charges for dressing on the side. Nickel and diming your customers for something that should be included in the price of an already overpriced wrap is poor service.
The woman at the counter who helped me was very sincere. Love it. And she obviously is great at what she does because the regulars there talk to her like she's a good friend. I had chicken tenders and they were pretty filling I almost couldn't finish my 7 pieces. I like their fries as well! It's not too thin and not too thick. I would totally come back for lunch after shopping or doc appointment. It's definitely a fast food type but you can make this healthy if you get something like a chicken salad and less carbs.
I ordered the double fried wing sweet chili style with onion rings to go. The wings were sloppy and not consistent. They lacked the crunch and even coating that bonchon has when you order the wings to go. The onion rings were also bland and tasted like onions rings out of a frozen package.
I really,really wanted to like this place. I ordered the half crispy chicken and was told they were out of it.Reluctantly, I ordered the drumsticks,7 for $10.00, plus one side. The sweet chili sauce was blah.The three sides (mashed potatoes,cole slaw,and red beans)were blah. They really need to work on the chicken. The three other reviews were 4 and 5 stars,I must have missed something.I will try them again and hopefully I will be able to upgrade my review.
I had one of their rice bowls a while ago that did not leave me wanting to return. However, I had a few recent recommendations for their salads and wings that made me give them another try. I got the 6 piece soy garlic wings with fries. The fries were crispy and tasty. The flavor of the wings was very good, although they were not evenly sauced, so some parts were just dry. I also didn't want to continue eating them when I came upon a feather in one of the wings. I may go back to try the salads.
Ordered delivery tonight after walking by this place so many times and never stopping in, and I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the chicken sandwich with cheese and a side of onion rings as well as the crispy chicken bowl with chix rice and a side of mild creamy sauce. 

Yes, I, one person, ordered all that. I couldn't decide what I wanted. It's been a long week, okay?!

The sandwich was delicious. The chicken was still pretty crispy even for delivery and the pickle, cheese, lettuce, and onion game added some class, texture, and flavor. I had ordered the onion rings because why not and those could have been crispier but they were still good. I dipped a few in the mild creamy sauce.

The bowl was also pretty fantastic once I added that mild and creamy sauce in. I don't know what magic that sauce is made out of but I thought it was a great mix of heat and flavor. I'm not too sure about the partitioned takeout container because it made it difficult to mix it all together, but I got a couple solid bites of chicken, rice, vegetables, and sauce together before I fell into a food coma. I like the crisp on the chicken. The vegetables were more than just broccoli and carrots, which was fine by me. I love me some squash. Overall, not my favorite chicken bowl in the city (could use some more crunchy texture like some lettuce on the bottom maybe?) BUT still a solid contender.

The sandwich was definitely my favorite and I would totally order that again with some of that saaaaauce. I'm interested to try their wings sometime too and maybe some other sauces. Solid chicken spot!
Wings were EXTRA SMALL AND the jerk seasoning was poured on instead of mixed. Not appetizing at all. Wasted my money
I used to eat at this location and the Rittenhouse location often.....well......until......I saw an employee do something very unsanitary. It wasn't the first time. There were many times I've witnessed employees handle food with bare hands and contaminate other food items. Each time I spoke up and told them they were violating Philadelphia food safety standards and that they had to wear gloves. Each time they would be indignant. Once I witnessed an employee handle raw chicken wings with bare hands and then cooked food items with those same unwashed hands. I said something again then. The last time I visited this location a food prep employee was picking her nose. I was done. I visited the Rittenhouse location after that but because of the cleanliness issues I asked a few questions about how the food was prepared. The cashier was indignant and essentially told me he would not sell to me and told me to leave while he cursed at me. I asked why and he told me he would call the police. He did. Police have been used as a tool against black people when non black people decide that they just don't want to deal with us. The event that happened at the Rittenhouse location stayed with me for a while. That cashier knew what he was doing when he called the police. He knew the potential risk to my life, but he simply didn't care. I was a black person asking questions that he didn't want to answer so it was simpler for him to just put my life in danger. So based on all of these events I would advise not to patronize either of these establishments.....not if you don't want contaminated food or to patronize racists.
All things chicken in one place.  Wings, bowls--which are a choice of rice, topped with chicken.  One of the rice choices was soy lime, so I have to go back for that one.  I ordered the fried chicken sandwich.  The bun was fresh, it had a good amount of chicken strips, the batter reminded me of teriyaki.  Wasn't a lot of flavor to the chicken, I'd describe the flavor as "deep fried".  Fries had a nice crisp texture and were hot.  No complaints but not a wow experience.  It's on my list of places to stop when I want fried, or want chicken.  The bowls intrigue me so I'll be back for one of those.   Lots of flavor choices with the wings but I'm not a wing guy.
I got a message from the owner with an invitation to try to place again after my previous review.  I took him up on the offer and was pleasantly surprised that they did indeed greatly improve their batter formula so that it was more crispy and closer to the real "cafe soho" style wings.  I would go back whenever I have a craving for double fried wings!
This place must be a hit or miss spot depending on what you order. I hate leaving negative reviews, but after throwing away 8 wings I got to. I ordered the double fried spicy garlic wings. One word....TERRIBLE. You'll be eating more skin then meat.
I decided to try this place for the first time today and I was mildly disappointed. I will say the wings are good, but with the service I received I would much rather go to Crunchik'n right down the street.

I got the soy garlic wings, which are sprinkled with sesame seeds. The were crunchy but oddly were getting soggy as I ate them. The wings it self were juicy, but for the flavor, not my favorite rendition of soy garlic.

With my wings, I also got a side. For my side, I had gotten brown rice, which I couldn't even eat because part of it was undercooked. 

As for the service mentioned, I had to call three times overall to order. First time, no response. Second time, they hung up. Third time, I was able to order but I was rushed and couldn't even asked for them to repeat my order before the hung up. When I got there, I also didn't get one smile, hello, or thank you. I only tipped for the kitchen staff.
Walking by, looking for something quick, and decided to try. 

The buffalo wings were okay but similar to other places. The other wings on the menu are SPECTACULAR, with thick, crispy batter and double fried in the Korean style.

We had the sweet chili wings a couple of weeks ago, and I still wake up thinking of them.

The restaurant is small, and the wait can be long for these made-to-order wings, so maybe order ahead or get it delivered.

There are quite a few sauce options, and there's a longer menu, but the only thing we tried were the wings, which were phenomenal.
I would like the help from the Jefferson Hospital community to help me with an issue. Last week money was spent at one of my favorite eating spots at 138 South 11th st. Now, the food is good but one day last week Friday to be exact May 3,2019 one of my coworkers placed an order and the food was not good this day. My coworker reached out to Chix & Wings to let them know of the unsatisfying meal. They were told to just bring the receipt and there money would be reimbursed. They also mentioned that they lived over the bridge and would not be able to hold on to the meal until they returned back into town on Monday 6,2019. Chix & Wings said okay. Now when the money is to be reimbursed with the receipt to show for proof they are now saying NO. This is not fair to the customer at all. Yes it maybe in their policy to have both food and receipt. But if you don't live close by why isn't the receipt enough. Especially when you already said it would be fine. This place is not being reasonable with there discretion. Asking Chix &Wings to refund for the unsatisfying food. If not then can the Jefferson community take a week off from buying any food from them. If it were you wouldn't you want them to be fair to you?
Walking in here was a complete accident (I was looking for the pizza joint that I think's next door); perhaps it was the delirium of the blood-letting I'd just completed at Jefferson.  

I ordered the six wings and a side of mashed potatoes for $7.  I then waited a good 10-15 minutes for what I thought was going to be 'fast food'.  What were they doing, killing the chickens out back?  Ben, the cashier, was very apologetic for the wait as he explained that it takes awhile for the chicken wings, since they're double fried.  I wish he'd told me that when I ordered.  For once, good things come to those who wait because when I finally got them... I was more than satisfied!  The wings were piping hot.  The outter coating was so crispy, light and pretty tasty.  The meat was moist and succulent.... and did I mention piping hot?  Ben recommended I pour the sauce (I got spicy BBQ) on to the wing and then eat it.  Somehow, it gave a different texture experience than when I was dipping it.  Go figure!  The mashed potatoes (with gravy) were pretty good.  I wished they had other options for sides, though.

I have to say, I usually feel a bit lethargic after eating fried chicken.  But it's been a few hours now and I still don't feel that heavy-in-the-stomach feeling.  Maybe it IS a healtheir fried chicken...?  Who knows.  Still, it's pretty darn good chicken wings!
No cafe soho, but it definately has a good korean fried chicken! The chicken is crispier than soho, but not as juicy and flavorful. The owner is still tweaking the recipe and was open for suggestions (kudos for that!) 

I tried 6 flavors of double crispy. The hot & spicy is the best. 
I also tried the Buffalo wings which were surprisingly very good. I would order both without hesitation. 

Of course I would prefer soho, but due to the proximity I will return here.
My go-to wing spot. Really great buffalo wings. I've tried a few of the sides (free side with pretty much any order) and the fries are the best option. The onion rings are ok, the mashed potatoes are not ok, not ok at all. After that I decided to stick with fries for life.
My go to spot for chicken. Used to come here  back when it was called "chick-a-licious" their name has changed but Their chicken  it's still great. Their buffalo wings are my fave and my gf gets their  crispy wings. My fave side dish is their fries and their muffin. Love that muffin. Lol still gotta try out the rest of their menu tho
Now known as chix and wings. 

Do you like chicken wings? Then don't come here. What shitty excuses for wings! These are like the walmart special wings. Nothing but bone and barely any meat! The sauces were watery at best. 

Polite and quick delivery though. If you want quick bad food, order from here. There seems to be no good wings places in philly
In the mood for fried chicken, I opted for a 3 drumstick and 3 wing combination from Chickalicious. The chicken pieces held up remarkably well over the four block trek back to my home; the skin shatteringly crisp and yielding to a juicy interior. The meat itself seemed a bit underseasoned, but the texture contrast between moist meat and crunchy coating satisfied immensely. I opted for the hot and spicy sauce rather than the requisite sweet chili, which ended up being fortuitous. This sauce flavor tastes like a thinned out gochujang, and thus hits the proper balance between spicy, sweet, and savory.

My meal also arrived with a side of fries and a piece of cornbread. The fries were the standard, pre-frozen variety and thus tasted fine but paled in comparison to the fresh chicken. The cornbread, similarly, possessed a slightly doughy, mushy texture, largely an afterthought to the restaurant's main event. At $7.95, the combo offered enough food for two meals and thus was a pretty solid bargain.

 Chickalicious could easily earn a fifth star if a bit more attention was paid to the forgettable side items. Nonetheless, it's hard to beat the quality of the chicken I received at the price I paid. If the craving for super crispy fried bird strikes again, I won't hesitate to return to this low-key spot.
Delicious wings! So far I've had the wing combo and the chicken bowl and both were delicious. They have a large selection of sauces but I recommend the sweet chili. The prices are dirt cheap for the amount and quality of the food, my avocado was nice and fresh both times, and most importantly the chicken did not taste like it had been fried in old oil. Just as a side note, I ordered my chicken bowl to dine in and after a bite or two decided I'd rather eat at home. The gentleman who took my order seemed genuinely concerned and wanted to make sure there were no issues with my meal and even offered to swap it out. Although the food was fine, it was very nice of him to take notice and attempt to rectify the situation.
I went in to this pleasant looking establishment a couple other times and left before ordering because of my indecisiveness. Today I vowed to give them a try. I ordered the 7 dollar chicken finger special with fries. The chicken fingers were more like cutlets which i was not expecting but they were still cooked properly and had a nice flavor to them with a decent crisp. The fries were the shoestring variety and were not as good as I was hoping. Its hard to pinpoint what was wrong with them, kind of tasted like the fries that have been out to long at mickey d's. I got the spicy buffalo sauce to go with my order. It had a nice spice to it. Nothing was bad enough to be a deal breaker but I have had better. Normally I do not like to review without a couple visits but wanted to get something out on this place because of so few reviews. I will go back for another shot minus the fries and will update my review accordingly. The place definitely has potential, it is clean, and the staff are attentive and polite.
I came here on a whim after looking for a place where I can grab some quick food for dinner, and realized I hadn't had wings in a long time.  When I came in,  one of the workers gave me a quick greeting and politely allowed me to look at the menu. I asked for suggestions and he suggested the spicy garlic chicken since I liked spicy food. During the whole time, he was extremely courteous. 

When I got my wings,  I noticed I only had 5 wings when I ordered 6. Turns out one wing got stuck in the fryer,  and not only did they correct their mistake,  they gave me an extra wing! Nice service.  The wings were really good and spicy! I would go here again for a quick lunch next time.
I was actually very surprised that this was a Korean fried chicken place. As my coworker pointed out, the outside seemed a bit Pollo Hermanos styled. I can't help but think that Chick-a-licious might have more business if they advertised themselves as Korean fried chicken. Anyways, walking in, I was pleasantly surprised with fairly modern decor and a ton of fried chicken options. 

The chicken was juicy and the hot and spicy sauce was good. However, it was missing a critical factor; the chicken was not glazed. Instead of eating gooey fried chicken, you had to take the chicken pieces and dip them into the sauce, which isn't the worst thing in the world, but certainly not what I was expecting. I don't think this is the norm for all of their fried chicken as I saw others with glazed wings. 

Based on the quality of the chicken, sauce, and the scarcity of good Korean fried chicken, Chick-a-licious gets 4 stars.
when done well sino-korean chicken is amazing.

this place is good but not mind-blowing

go spicy
My first trip and only got the chicken soup.  It was not really hot but hot enough to enjoy. You do get a lot for the money good value on this. I enjoyed it but with all soup would really like to know the sodium content. Alot less it seems than the commerical soup out there but still would like to know.  I would get this again will go again. I will try the chicken. It was a nice place seemed clean. I will agree service was fast and friendly. Will up date when I have the chicken.
I did not enjoy their "Famous Double Fried Chicken".  The batter lacked and the sauces we had were not good. Hot & Spicy tasted like spicy ketchup & soy garlic tasted like thick soy sauce. Perhaps the other food on the menu is good. Just really disappointed....
Couple weeks until my diet starts so I was looking to wreak havoc on this place... Average at best. I got an order of 20 crispy wings with buffalo, soy garlic and wasabi aioli. The sauces were mediocre and the chicken was moist but bland. It needs more seasoning in the breading. They also do not deliver as apposed to what this and their website says.
Chick-a-licious has guts. Taking on you-know-who's burgeoning fried chicken and donuts empire in their 'hood is like one of the corner boys on The Wire making a run at Omar. If you come at the king, you best not miss.

My 10 piece of the double fried wings ($10) was joined by a basket of fries and was a lot of food, even for someone who just huffed and puffed his way through a 4 mile run at a Kenyan-esque 9 minute/mile clip. I canvassed the menu board before the unconditionally pleasant owner/manager recommended the sweet chili glaze, and, forever grateful when an employee makes an actual endorsement over a "everything's good" shrug, I went for it. But the sweet chili has more of the former than the latter in its DNA and it comes off too candied for me. Small clumps of the sugary glaze stick to your fingers and are constant reminder of this. 

However, Chick does paint its wings with fine brush strokes instead of drenching their pollo in sauce. This keeps the bite in the nicely crisped skin.
For all you Soho - Bonchon chicken fans: Compared to Soho the sauce is not "completely" on point. However, I must say, for center city, this is not bad at all. Also, the price is "slightly" cheaper that soho, and the wings are definitely bigger. 

Cons: All the unnecessary side choices. They are a bit cheap on the portion of the sides (radish, rice). They charge an extra $2.00 for sides, and the sides don't really seem that fresh. The false advertisement of being "Korean." I'm sorry but I didn't see a single Korean person working there, nor do I think it is even Korean owned. 

Pros: Convenience, local, worth the price. 
I recommended this place to my eye doctor who is a huge fan of soho, he said he liked it too. This place was pretty empty when I went here. I was here twice for take-out. 

Recommendation: go with double fried spicy or soy garlic!
I was in the mood for some honey BBQ wings and it hit the spot. The extra crispy wings were really good!
We've become regulars who come whenever we get a hankering for Korean fried chicken and the yummy garlic soy wings.  But when we ordered delivery at around 6P during the superbowl, we were told it would take "at least an hour and a half."  We were actually fine with that, figuring we'd have the wings in hand by halftime.  At 7:45P I called to make sure they didn't forget our order and was told "the delivery guy left and is on  his way."  We waited and waited and ... nothing.  Not even a call to apologize.  Unfortunately, you've lost our business Chix and Wings.
Awesome fried chicken. A new fast food joint around Jefferson Hospital in Center City. Great variety of sauces and the chicken reminds of some of the best Bon Chon chicken that I had in NYC (without the steep price point). Ordered a bucket of about 40 chicken wings for my buddies and I to chew over Sunday Football. Definitely great value and taste. Adding to my list of routine joints.
We ordered the 10 piece double fried wings with a side of fries. I liked how were able to choose two different sauces for our wings, so we went for soy garlic and honey bbq. I'm always interested in everyone's take on KFC so I was excited to try the soy garlic wings out. I was pretty disappointed. The soy garlic wings were completely drenched in sauce that it overpowered all the other parts of the chicken. The honey bbq ones were okay - nothing to rave about. They also the lacked kind of crispiness I like when it comes to KFC. Although I was not impressed with the wings, I will say that $10 for 10 wings and a side is a good deal.
3 for Taste, 4 for cleanliness and portion size, 4 for price, 3 for time it took for the order

I came with two friends for take-out. There is only one current table available for indoor seating. The cash register has plexiglass separating the cashier and the customer.

We ordered rice bowls with different formulations of the chicken. I got a chicken katsu bowl and was happy to have it come with a healthy portion of stir fried vegetables and a large serving of rice and chicken. I think we ended up waiting a total 15 minutes for our orders, which granted, on a Friday lunch time, is not long, it felt a bit delayed. I think the veges tasted as expected and the chicken was crispy with a nice soy garlic side sauce. I think for a meal under $10, you can definitely get full from this. 

I do commend the restaurant for cleanliness, but the space is small itself for social distancing.

Tips/Takeaways: 
Decent food for a good price and large portion size with the rice bowls. Nothing too fancy, but not disappointing. Would recommend return!
Chix is OK. I originally wanted a 4 piece chicken tender meal. I was told that they were out of chicken tenders. Kinda surprising given that this place has chicken in its name. I order some wings instead. 10 minutes later, I'm told they suddenly have tenders again. I now have to wait again for the tenders. 

The batter is really similar to Korean style fried chicken. Not really a fan. Fries seemed to be the generic thick cut fries that probably come out of the freezer.

The menu is really weird. There's everything from Bahn Mi, to teriyaki bowls, to rotisserie-style chicken.
