I've been a resident of this neighborhood my entire life, and I've been waiting for an establishment like Christie's to come along. The staff is incredibly friendly, always smiling, and consistently offers unique and delicious suggestions to compliment your order. Their menu is extensive, which could make it quite overwhelming! However, everything has been delicious.

Walking home from work in the brisk cold, up the brutal hill of 19th street has become a little more tolerable now that I know that Christie's is there, waiting for me. Hot, homemade soup and warm sammies will ignite even the pickiest of cravings.

They also have La Colombe coffee. Let me tell you, I hopped on the La Colombe train about 12 years ago, so it's really exciting when I see an establishment offering their products in their window. YES!

Yes, I travel to some (larger) stores nearby for my weekly goods. BUT, I STILL stop here on my way home for coffee, lunch, and dinner. On Saturday mornings, I walk HERE for breakfast sammies. Their service is unbeatable, the quality is outstanding, and their friendliness is radiant.

I've had their salads, which are DELICIOUS and huge. I usually divide them in half and take them to work (or class) because I enjoy all of the jealous, wandering eyes that make their way to my grub. Suckers. I've also had great breakfast sandwiches here, and they really customize them however you prefer. I sway toward the classics, so I enjoy multigrain with bacon, egg, and cheese. Had I stood there longer, I may have opted for a spinach wrap or fun bagel spread. Be sure to read ALL of their specials. Especially the ones that linger on the board outside.
This place is so awesome. I've been here twice and always crave it and can't wait to go back. I've had the Cuban sandwich and the caprese chicken salad which is my personal favourite. The people who work there are so kind and quick with your order. I only wish I worked closer to here so I could get lunch more often! Only downside - they're closed on Sundays and close I believe at 6 PM.
I had a true "Holy s*it" moment here. 

As in, "Holy s*it! I didn't expect it to be this good!" 

So I drive around the city just to see what I can find. I see this come up on Yelp as I was in the area. 

I wanted to see if this truly lived up to the hype. 

Gang, the hype is real! 

This Christie's Breakfast sandwich had the perfect balance of texture, flavor, and just general heartiness to it! 

Who knew pork roll and hash browns belonged together on a croissant anyway? People from Jersey would call that a crime. They'd be wrong. 

Judging by the steady stream coming in late on a Friday morning and how busy the staff was, I'm thinking this place ain't a secret to many who go about their day in this neighborhood. 

It shouldn't be.
Tucked away on 19th st.
Service here is A+++++. 
All of the owners home made things are great which include soups and anything with grilled chicken. I've been ordering the Taylor special, to the point where I'm a little sick of it. But her soups are nice.  
It's not the cheapest that's indicated by the 1 price tag. I can't afford the 4-5 cup of small soup every day so I had to slow my roll with coming here. 
I do think breakfast here will add a star to my rating for them though. 
But must try!
The workers are very nice and helpful. They offer a good variety of sandwich choices using boars head meats and everything is reasonably priced.

One thing - if you're looking for a breakfast sandwich you have to order before 12! I found this out the hard way.
I really wanted a wrap for lunch and came across this place on yelp. It's a small little deli right on spring garden. The menu is huge! They're so many options which is great if you're dealing with picky people. 

I got the chicken Caesar wrap and of course I forgot to take a picture. It was very good! Decent size wrap - they have a choice of white, wheat, spinach or tomato basil. I chose the spinach wrap and was pleasantly surprised. 

I'll be back to try more sandwiches!
BOMB breakfast sandwiches!!! Friendly staff and quick service. I'm very particular about my BEC sandwiches so when I came across Christie's after having just moved to Fairmount, I was thrilled.
First off, if you're in the need of a pick Pick me up, look no further, all you have to do is walk in and the couple that works there will make you instantly happier with their great mood!! 

On top of that they do a great job being a great local deli. I had the ham egg and cheese on a bagel today and it was very good and only 4$. They will make you whatever you want pretty quickly as well. They serve la Colombe coffee and it's also only 1.50$. They have some limited seating outside and inside. 

Can't wait to try some of the sandwiches on the menu for lunch!
Our turkey panini with avocado, onion, and spinach (on the spicy menu though not spicy) was delicious! The total antidote to a freezing 10-degree day before visiting the Barnes Foundation. 

Also, the owner and cook is so sweet and easygoing. A great small business to support.

5 stars!!!!!
Great corner deli. I order from here easily three times a week and my order has never been wrong. Staff is friendly and helpful and makes good recommendations on new menu items to try. Really nice place!
Saw the positive reviews so I decided to give it a shot. The woman who took my order was friendly and they got my food out fast. I was pleasantly surprised to see they had Boars Head products. Very reasonably priced. I have no complaints.
After getting up at the crack of dawn to go vote, I stopped in here briefly on the way to grab some much-needed coffee and a breakfast wrap. The coffee is La Colombe and $1.5, which I think is probably the best option for coffee within a few blocks' radius. 

I took the sandwich to go and ate it when I got to my office. It was one of the best-valued/best quality breakfast wraps I've had in Philly. For $4.99, I got to select the type of wrap (spinach, in this case), and it was filled with generous amounts of freshly made eggs, thick-cut bacon, onions, tomatoes, and lettuce. I elected to add some hot sauce and to substitute American cheese with cheddar, and it was delicious! The wrap is lightly toasted to seal. It was delicious and filling. I could only eat a half for breakfast, and then ate the remaining half at lunch. 

They also have simpler breakfast sandwiches for an even better value. I would definitely like to try their regular sandwiches. They use high quality Boar's Head deli meats for all the sandwiches. They also have some tasty-sounding salads, an eclectic assortment of drinks and snacks (they have Kinder snacks!!), and the service is very friendly. This place will definitely be the first to spring to mind if I ever have to stock up on sandwiches for an apocalypse. Or to simply grab a good sandwich.
This is my favorite deli ever.  Excellent staff and they treat you like family.  The food is always made quickly and always quality.  Every item I have tried off the menu has been great.  My roommate and I always rave about Christie's Deli, and I am glad others are feeling the same!
Since they've opened, Christie's has been my go to  spot. Of course the food and coffee is delicious, creative, and fresh. But what really makes me a fiercely loyal customer are the owners, Silvie and Okie. They are the sweetest, friendliest, and, yes, caring shopkeeps. I love throwing my support behind hardworking, family-owned enterprises. There are so many options in the neighborhood, in the end, at Christie's they know you, your name, your tastes. This ain't some auto-fill, this is the real deal!
The sandwiches and the wraps are sooo yummy. You can tell a lot of regulars go here, the prices are great specially for Philly. It's a little hole in the wall but a total gem and I'll definitely be back!
Super friendly service! Came on a rainy Monday morning and split the Christie's Breakfast special sandwich with my mom. The Taylor Ham, Egg, and Cheese on a croissant was freshly made and tasted super yummy. The sauce on it was HEAVENLY. I found myself licking the croissant wishing for more. Would love to come back and try some of the other sandwiches!
Small place, great quality and best kept secret.  I tried the honey turkey hoagie as my first purchase almost two years ago and was hooked. Great roll and good amount of meat and cheese, Boars Head. Their tuna is always tasty. Try their spicy meatball sandwich when they have it on special. The staff is welcoming, quick, and very friendly, even greeting me by name. I make sure I go to the deli a minimum of once a week. Please try it, I promise you won't be disappointed.
What a gem on the corner of 19th and Spring Garden!! Stopped here for a quick breakfast sandwich and I will DEFINITELY be returning to try their other deli options! I got a pork roll, egg, and cheese on a croissant. The PERFECT amount of pork roll - a few thin slices both above and below the egg. Cheese perfectly melted. Croissant is such a nice touch on a breakfast sandwich. Staff was quick, friendly, and helpful. Also love that they serve La Colombe here! Draft Lattes!! While waiting for my food, I checked out the EXTENSIVE menu! Sandwiches, hoagies, wraps, salads... I want to try it all. So reasonably priced too. Can't wait to come back here.
On the recommendation of the Philadelphia Bikesmith Crew, I stopped into Christie's for a sandwich. Excellent decision. 
There's plenty of options, but my go to is the Italian Hoagie. They use Boar's Head , which is a good start. The sandwich was just like I ordered. 
Christie's also has all the good chips, and beverages (Philly favs and bougie-er options) to go with. 
On top of all the great brunch/lunch sandwich options, the staff are amazingly pleasant. 
In 7 days I made 2 stops into this spot, and next time I'm in town, I'm pretty sure I'll be back.
We were craving sandwiches during the quarantine and wanted to find a different deli than the one next door. We yelped and found this deli a few blocks away. I really wanted a panini and after looking at yelp reviews got the Taylor Chicken Panini and my bf got the Grilled Chicken Club. Both were delicious and STACKED. They dont skimp you on the sandwich. The panini had grilled chicken with avocado, chipotle mayo, and tomato and bacon. Their bacon is soo good -- like perfectly crispy. Will def be back here again and again. They have a huge variety on their menu and they also alter sandwiches to your liking.
Christie's is everything you'd want in a neighborhood deli. Great food , family run and super friendly staff. They always remember my order! I've never been dissatisfied with an experience there :)
This place is a hidden GEM!  The customer service is superb and their sandwiches are AMAZING!  I have eaten here a few times and it never disappoints.  As soon as you walk in you are greeted by a smile and a hello from the cashier who I believe is the owner.

They have a daily special and one of them is the spicy meatball sandwich which are a very unique sandwich and always a good decision.  The spicy chicken salad sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had and I order it quite frequently (obviously I LOVE spicy food).

I highly recommend this place the next time you are looking for a good bite to eat.
THE BEST DELI IN TOWN!!!!! 

Started going there a two years ago & I wish I known about this spot when I went to CCP  

We normally get the breakfast menu 

A. Mike's Breakfast: Turkey Bacon, Egg, Cheese, Chipotle Mayo, Hot Sauce & Hash Brown on Croissant  

This combo is the best  
Be aware that they stop serving breakfast menu before 11:30AM i think because they turn off their grill. 

P.S. Shoutout to the owners, such kind people & best customer service
Love this place, and I'm sad that I no longer work close enough to stop by more often, although they're worth going out of the way for. There's an amazing selection of sandwiches that are delicious and huge, plus they delicious breakfast sammies and a rotating menu of hot lunch sammies, too. Add that to fresh coffee and a lovely selection of snacks and sodas (I love the lil' packs of Walkers Shortbread cookies conveniently stashed near the coffee, as if to suggest that's how I should start my morning...point taken, Christie's!). Plus the owners are lovely and really nice.
AIR HORN AIR HORN AIR HORN 
DELICIOUS FOOD ALERT

My fiancé and I come here before work all the time! We usually get the mikes special breakfast which is funking awesome. 

Eat here or suffer regret.

Ps they also have super awesome very reasonably priced salads which is great to get in the morning and save for lunch
It's been about a year since I moved to Houston and the #1 thing I miss most about my old neighborhood is Christie's.. 

The food is priced well and delicious, especially the rotating home made sandwiches (spicy meatball sub). It's a family run deli and the type of place where they'll remember your name and your order. They are genuinely good and hard working people.
This is the best deli in Fairmount.   They use Boar's Head meats and cheeses.  Everyday they have a new special with an Asian twist.  The spicy chicken salad sandwich is an everyday sandwich that is to die for.  On Thursday's they have an amazing spicy meatball sandwich.  

I eat here twice a week, every time it is a pleasant experience and I haven't ever had a bad meal.

The owners are extremely friendly and very welcoming.

Highly recommend Christie's Deli for your next lunch, dinner or snack.
Great neighborhood deli, friendly staff. I had a delicious coffee and breakfast sandwich for a good price. I want to come back for lunch now
My FAVORITE neighborhood deli! I've gone here so many times, I can't even tell you how many punch cards I've gone thru. They are always fully stocked and have the freshest Boar's head meats and cheeses.

The owners are super sweet and very conversational. I've gotten to know them over the year and truly appreciate when they recognize me over the phone and remember order! They have such a huge variety of different sandwiches but you also have the option of creating you own too. You have to try the chipotle chicken panini with pepper-jack and avocado- you will thank me! The amount of meat they cram into the sandwich is unreal! The only downside is when they are closed- but hey it's a family-run business!
Christie's really is a gem.  They have an amazing selection of pocky and other snacks in general as well as different drinks to go, smoothies, and of course, their deli sandwiches!  They use Boar's head brand deli meat, so if you're not a fan then this place wouldn't be for you at all.  The deli meat is packed super generously in their sandwiches - when I was there I got a bold jerk chicken panini from their spicy menu.  Wasn't exactly spicy but also I have a super high tolerance for spice.  My partner got one of the ruebens.  We both enjoyed our sandwiches immensely, the bread was toasted to absolute perfection!  

We also got two smoothies, I got a watermelon, mango, pineapple smoothie and he got a blueberry banana.  Both were super refreshing and the fruit in it tasted super fresh too.  The weather was beautiful so we took a quick walk to Matthias Baldwin Park which is basically right next door and ate our sandwiches outside and had a perfect picnic.  There's a bit of seating inside, but honestly if it's nice out I recommend taking your goods to go.  The service is super friendly and pretty quick.

I'm so, so excited to have this nearby me and would definitely stop in for a quick brunch / lunch or just snacks.  I definitely would try out the other sandwiches on the menu as well - there are so many! This place has something for everyone.
No frills neighborhood deli with great prices and good breakfast sandwiches. Tried both the Christie's and Chicken Sausage on a Croissant, and you probably can't go wrong with any of them
The best deli in Philadelphia in my humble opinion. As a New Yorker it's hard to find a place that does more than hoagies with shredded lettuce. This place is legit-- nice ingredients, huge menu, great service, and reasonable prices. The only thing that can make this place better is being open on Sunday's for hangovers! My favorite is Mike's sandwich. The hash brown on croissant was a combo I didn't know I needed in my life!!
I always have a great experience here. Not only is the food great here, the service is really what makes me return. Everyone who works there is extremely positive, energetic, and thankful every time anyone comes in. They package the food well, great portions, fresh ingredients.
I ordered the grilled chicken Caesar salad wrap today for lunch. It was delivered within 20 minutes. Super delicious. Perfect amount of dressing ratio. Great size. Will definitely be ordering again soon!
Best breakfast sandwich ive had since I used to go to bagel delis on Long Island growing up.

Everything bagel, bacon, egg, pepper jack, chipotle mayo. +/- hashbrown.
Super solid.
Great deli! Really fast service and always quality sandwiches.

Highly recommend the Christie's special wrap.
Get the grilled chicken club! it's fantastic, fresh and incredibly filling. 

The owners are friendly and welcoming and the deli feels like a pillar of the neighborhood
I ordered from here after my co-workers raving about this place and ordering every day for a month straight.  Normally I do not eat lunch but today I did and I am glad I did.  I ordered the Italian Hoagie deluxe.  It was delicious.  The ingredients were extremely fresh; excellent meat, cheese roll ratio, and it was a great size.  When I opened it I was struck by how pretty the sandwich was. The sandwich looked like it should be in a commercial or on a menu board.  I will definitely order from here again.  This hoagie is probably the highlight of my month.
I wasn't even aware that Christie's Deli had it's own Yelp page until today, or else I would have been here as maybe one of my first reviews. 

I can't say enough good things about this place. Support a great local business. 

Their food is so fresh and tasty. I used to grab lunch here often when I worked in the area. 

Their paninis are addicting. The mix cheese panini, and the veggie panini were some of my favorite lunches here. 

Everyone who works here is friendly, but the owner is so sweet and personable. 

Highly recommend!
Favorite deli of all time. So happy to live so close to it. Truly a hidden gem in the spring garden area. Their breakfast sandwiches are delicious and you pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The whole staff is so friendly. Absolutely love it here. Probably order from here once a week to be honest.
The paninis an hero's are perfectly made with proper meat/cheese/condiment ratios. Christie's has the ratios on point. They are sandwhich scientists. Today i ordered the cajun turkey panini that paired ridiculously well with honey Dijon kettle chips
Super Hungry on my way to work this morning when I saw this hidden gem. It smelled amazing from the side walk . 

I order the "Christie" Breakfast Sandwich, a Bacon, Eggs, & Cheese with a Hashbrown on a Croissant. I know Right?! So it's super affordable less than 5$. 

The inside has sitting so I sat and ate my sandwich hot and fresh and it was Phenomenal. It's my new favorite sandwich and I'm sad I don't live close enough to go all the time!
The nicest people, delicious sandwiches, and super reasonable prices! Can't go wrong! I eat here a couple of times a week and it is always consistent and tasty.
The best breakfast sandwiches and friendliest service you can get! They have a great variety of drinks, chips, and candy too. It's a Saturday staple.
I have walked by Christie's many times and really did not think twice about it. We were searching for a basic sandwich shop and found that they had pretty good reviews so we gave it a shot! We ordered a few sandwiches at the location for takeout. They were friendly, quick and our food was fresh and tasty! 

I ordered the veggie sandwich. I thought the bread along with all of the vegetables were very fresh. The pricing is also reasonable. If you're looking for a basic deli/place for takeout sandwiches this is where to go! I will be returning.
I got Mike's Breakfast sandwich and Christie's Breakfast sandwich over three days. The roll was soft and chewy. The hash browns were crisp. The eggs fresh. And the meat juicy and tender. 

I think Mike's ever so slightly edges out Christie's Breakfast just because I think bacon wins out over pork roll.
