Plenty of soup for you - annnddd errbody else!

Came here for a work lunch and what a great experience!

Located in Chinatown, the outside façade is unassuming and could be passed over on first glance. Parking will be tough to find in the area, so be ready to walk a little. The inside opens up nicely. More long than wide, the seating structure is well designed with ample space to move about but also have enough seats for small and large groups.

They have a diverse menu for appetizers and rolls, but the main draw is the make your own hotpot. On a paper placemat, you signify the broth, and all the additions. There are different levels of spice to indicate, and they don't hold back on the spice - so tread carefully!

I ordered the veggie broth, medium spice, added a bunch of veggies and the rice noodles. As this was the first time for most of us, I appreciated the server walking us through the process - thank you for answering all the questions and suggestions! 

The food came out pretty quickly once the order was placed and the portions are AMPLE! The serving was hot off the heat and soup bowl filled to the brim! So many veggies and noodles! One bowl is more than enough for two/three people! 

I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor profile of the broth and good mix of all the add ins.

The service was great as it wasn't too packed for our lunch time dining. 

Looking forward to coming back and trying different combinations!
Deliciously spicy dry pot is what brought me to check out Chu Shang. If you can handle authentically hot szechuan food, you will enjoy this establishment. Given the times, all patrons wore masks and we were seated apart at different booths.

My friend and I ordered the dry hot pot 麻辣香锅 and we got the "hot and spicy". It is definitely spicy but also delicious yet not the faint of heart. I wouldn't say it's as hot as it is in China (because that version is borderline terrifying) but it's to give you enough pain and enjoyment. We chose a various favorites like mushroom, black fungi, lotus root, taro, fish tofu, sliced beef and napa cabbage just to name a few. We also got the Indonesian fried rice as our carb which was tasty. I'm already thinking about the flavors, now if only my GI felt the same!
I ordered lunch for me and my colleagues in this restaurant. Totally three orders of Ma La Soup. Two of them are missing Enokitake and Chinese Yam！！！However，they added extra protein in my meal.
One thing I have to say is that the food is good. However, every other thing is really unexpected disappointing. The service is always slow! And if you ask their waitress where is my food, she will tell you that they are slow and just wait. And the food, it's not steady, sometimes are ok, but sometimes are not fresh.

Tonight, I was with my friend. We ate in the store, and I ordered one extra bowl to go for my husband. However, after my friend and I finished, we waited there for half hour for my take out order. My order number was 67, and I found out that the order number 76 for take out was ready and they still didn't start cooking mine!!! 

The worst part is, the food I took home was not fully cooked!!! I have to cook it by myself. So, what's meaning for a take out food! 

Such a bad eat in experience and the take out service is worse!
My girlfriend and I have been here a couple of times, and I swear the food gets spicier each time. Their dry hot pot is the thing to get only if you enjoy your mouth being on fire. We get the medium spice level and still regret out decision each and everytime. We always get the fish tofu, fish slices, napa cabbage, glass noodles, fried tofu, and lotus root. But definitely explore their long list of ingredients. The total always come out much cheaper than expected and the leftovers still have plenty of flavors to be used to make a new dish with more ingredients. 

UPDATE: We got take out dry hot pot from this place during the Coronavirus lockdown and the portion was absolutely massive. It lasted three meals for both of us!
The service really is as terrible as people said. We were super nice to the staff but the staff was very rude and completely incompetent. The food we ordered never came out, because the server failed to inform us from the beginning that they had run out of all 3 of the meal entrees. So we had no idea we were sitting for a whole hour a half for no food.

It's too bad, we really wanted to like the place.

0 stars
This place is delicious! I came here on a Monday afternoon with my friend, and it was not too busy! We were able to get a table the moment we walked in. 

The restaurant itself is very spacious and the decoration was cute. It definitely has a good friendly vibe to it. It is also not too loud and perfect for friends to catch up. I ended up chatting with my friend here for 2+ hours!

This place is known for their dry and soup spicy pots. My friend and I both got the soup one. You could pick your own protein, vegetable, base, etc. you could add as much stuff as you want in your bowl! You could also adjust how spicy it is. I personally got mild mild because I have a baby's tongue. It was iust perfect. 

The serving size was huge for a really fair price. This meal ended up turning into 3 meals, but I only paid 18 ish dollars for it! It was also really good. Would definitely come back here again!
*4.5/5

So, here's the story: our church pastor recommended this spot back in April, saying it was one of his Chinatown faves, and I was like huh? Homegirl's got 3 stars on Yelp -- you sure this is your fave?? Not gonna lie, I was doubtin him a lil there. But then I went with some friends, ate a few dishes, and was consequently enlightened. I love Yelp and Yelp has given me a lot of great insights (and free food haha) but y'all got this place wrong. Chu Shang Spicy is a freaking gem, and I've been back FOUR times since then. I don't even live close to Chinatown, and somehow Chu Shang has been my #1 visited spot this entire year!! That says something ok!! She a lil greasy, but she is delicious!!

This was my first time trying out the MaLa dry pot, and it was a fun time! Basically, the dry pot is a phat platter whose components (veg, noodles, meat, etc), size, and spice level you determine with a check-box menu. I can't recall the specific dry pots we've ordered, but I remember really enjoying the glass noodles, lotus root, cabbage, and fried tofu. No joke on the cabbage; it soaks up all the chili oil and complements any heavier components. It's a fun, communal way to enjoy a dish, and you really can't come here without giving the dry pot a go.

As for the plentiful other dishes available, I have liked everything I've tried, from the eggplant to the salt baked squid (all the salt baked meats are A-1 appetizers) and even the boring-sounding Szechuan Beef ended up being a culinary banger. You will probably leave the restaurant with a bit of a food coma and a few blocked arteries, but that's what the post-meal Chinatown stroll + bubble tea is for. You can quote me on that.
Chushang Spicy is right in the middle of Chinatown, making it a great place get some spicy food

FOOD: The way this place works is you choose either stir fry or a soup base. It's cool because you can choose exactly what you want to go in each and then your level of spice. It's entirely up to you what you want your meal to be and it is priced accordingly. One warning: even mild spicy is really spicy. 

SERVICE: I can't speak highly of the service. I felt like there were a lot of waiters, but we were still lacking in service. When it was time to get the check, we had to ask 2 different people to get our check. Not a dealbreaker, but it was a little annoying.

AMBIANCE: Honestly, it's very open a pretty cool place for large groups of people. It's still overall quiet and it's very clean on the inside.

Chushang Spicy relies on your own choices to make a great meal. Overall, it's a nice place to go with some friends or even share a couple dishes
The food was amazing, the decore was nice, but the service was a little lacking. A little bit more connection between the wait staff and the kitchen staff would go a long way. This place is a five in the making.
I had a really good experience in this restaurant. The Ma La Tang is very unique, and I really love the soup. It's very authentic Chinese food, so not sure whether it would fit your taste. We also ordered the extra size fried chicken, and the bill is about $10 each. Staff is also hospitable. Definitely would go there again.
A new hot pot / dry pot addition to Philly's Chinatown! 

I shared the ma la soup (I recommend the little spicy for those who don't want to completely burn their stomach) with another person and it was a good size for both. The fish ball was quite soft, the noodles cooked well, the vegetables were fresh and the service was quick.

I would highly recommend this place to come with friends and it can get busy even on weekday lunches - which is when I went. And I hope to come again.
Like what other Yelp reviewers have said, do not be detered by Chu Shang Spicy's low rating; the food is actually quite good. Even though they make other dishes, you mainly want to order the 麻辣香锅 (dry spicy pot) or 麻辣烫 (ma la soup). They are both make-your-own so once you decide if you want it dry or with broth, you can choose which items you want because you will pay per item. If I had to choose between the two, I would choose the ma la soup because I like how their broth is milky like a ramen bone broth compared to the more traditional clearer spicy broth. Because these dishes are traditionally spicy, I would recommend opting to add a bit of spice. I can usually handle a 3/10 so I was pretty comfortable with mild. 

Food and Drink Ordered:
* worth trying

- [Dry Spicy Pot*]: Some may say that this tastes greasy but it's really those good Sichuan oils. I will say though that a drier, "more fried" spicy pot (like the one at Magic Pot but sadly they're closed ) tastes comparatively better. 

- [Ma La Soup*]: I HIGHLY recommend choosing instant noodles to add to the soup with whatever else you decide to add. 
 
Would I go back? : Yes, I've already gone back a few times. The only reason why I didn't give a 5 star is because I've had better dry spicy pot but I do like how their ma la soup is different from what I've had before.
This place has absolutely excellent food and is one of my go-to's in Chinatown. Both the ma-la soup and dry pot are both flavored super well and have a ton of customizability. You can add as much or little as you'd like, but they give a good amount so I'd definitely recommend sharing with a couple people and just going ham on the ingredients to add. 

It does take a while for the food to come out but it's well worth it. They don't joke around with the spiciness levels so get ready for some panting and some extra napkins to wipe ur forehead.
In general their food was ok. We ordered a mala dry pot, which was not the greatest among all that I had in the states, but it was not bad. The taste was authentic, and they put in some special flavors in it. Other food, including their egg drop soup and fried squid was also ok.

But, as many people said, the service was terrible. We came at a pretty late hour and there were not many people. Yet we waited for a long time to be seated. It took another 20 minutes before we finally got served some iced water and ordered food. The servers seemed to be amateur and rude. They forgot our orders and were rude about their mistakes.

To sum it up, their food was authentic and not too pricey; but if you want a place with fast and good service, then this was definitely not a good choice!
I'll start off with explaining why I gave them 1 star. First off, my boyfriend and I always come here to eat because we really like Mala soup. The service here is so bad. The waitress that works here is extremely rude. They deserved 1 star because the waitress cursed at us when we went up to the front desk to pay. We went up to ask for a spilt check and the waitress straight up mumbled "fuck" under her breath and  then left us at there for someone else to handle. We were shocked about the attitude she gave us. So we paid and left without giving tip. That service was unacceptable. A worker who curses at the customer for simply asking for a split check is wrong.
1. The food took an hour to arrive 
2. When it did arrive, it was the wrong order and not the mala tang items we selected
3. They re-made our order, but as we were eating, we realized that they gave very very little of some of the things we ordered (like the sliced beef and enoki mushrooms). Also, they only gave us 3 shrimps when we were supposed to get 4 (it's 2 per order) and as a whole their seafood did not taste fresh. When we realized that the soup was mostly cauliflower, we took some pieces out and saw that they were black (see photo). Obviously, there is a quality control problem at this restaurant, as the food is not fresh at all. 
4. When we requested to speak to the owner, they wouldn't come out to talk to us. There is clearly no care or prioritization of the customer on his/her part.
As a whole, I wouldn't come here again, and I definitely don't trust the food.
I like their Ma La Tang (or Ma La Soup, whatever), which is like a personalized hot pot. Here's how it works: (1) you choose the ingredients you want to be cooked in your personalized hot pot (meats, seafood, other proteins, various noodles, various vegetables etc.) on an ordering menu -- protein $2/each, noodles $1.75/each, vegetables $1.25/each, minimum $7 (2) you choose the type of broth/soup base you want your ingredients to be cooked in, from non-spicy to very spicy. (3) they cook the whole order for you and serve in one big soup bowl. 

Their second spiciest soup base is tasty, but not spicy at all by Szechuan standard. The also offer Ma La Xiang Guo (or Ma La Dry Pot) in the same customizable way. Ma La Tang is really the ultimate soup fix for cold winter days because of the freedom for customization. This restaurant has nice decor and even provides phone chargers! 

It has so much potential to be the next trendy spot in Chinatown, but its management falls far behind. First, the service is really lacking even by Chinatown standard, we didn't know they have a regular Chinese menu until we saw the non-Chinese customers at another table ordered different dishes. Our table was never given that menu, yet we would love to order some appetizers along with our Ma La Tang. On our way out after the dinner, we saw a special menu outside the restaurant saying they have fried food and soft drinks very similar to Cheers Cut (a nearby Taiwanese fried food eatery). This is a huge loss for any business if customers don't know what you have to offer. Second, the kitchen is slow. The restaurant was slightly more than half full that night and we waited 20+ minutes for our Ma La Tang to arrive. To be honest, I can cook it within five minutes if have ingredients available because it's a staple fast food can be served quickly in Szechuan area. 

I'll come back for Ma La Tang because this is the only place to get it in town (for now). I hope the owner pay more attention to management and try to provide more consistent experience to all customers.
Actually closer to a 4.5 star. 

It's kind of like a DIY hotpot style where you customize what you want to go in and they cook it in a broth and it comes out like a soup, if you add noodles it's like a customizable noodle soup with hotpot ingredients. The spice levels here are all one level spicier than what the menu would imply, so be careful. I would recommend getting 1-2 proteins if you're into that, noodles, and maybe 3-4 veggies and the total comes out to be about 13-15 dollars. The portions are enormous so you don't need too many items. Overall authentic and yummy mala tang.
This used to be the home of a Dumpling place I enjoyed to go to in Chinatown. Sadly, that place never lasted and this is what followed. Let our Meet Up: Food Conquest begin! 

They easily sat a group of 25 in 2 minutes. As we walked to the back of the restaurant I noticed the place was packed. Decor was subtle earthy tones, booths instead of tables, wooden floor and the only pop of color was Red. We split up our group into 3 tables and began gazing over the menu, which is really generic for Chinese food. 

For Friday Night service they only had two servers work. I don't see how they didn't think that would become an issue, regardless of our group. To start it took them an hour just to get our drinks and our food didn't follow for another 30-45 minutes. 

Our Order:
Egg Drop Soup
Shanghai Stir-Fried Noodle
Hunan Chicken (Spicy)
Moo Shu Pork
Salt & Pepper Squid 
Spare Ribs
Shrimp Szechuan Style (Spicy) 

There was one last dish that never made it to the table. The Stir Fried Eggplant. Not sure why but they completely dropped the ball on that dish. 

We all agreed the best dishes were the Spare Ribs, Salt and Pepper Squid, and the Shanghai Stir-Fried Noodle. Of the three tables we had the lowest bill per person. $13 per individual (8 people). In the sense of getting the most for your money they're great but as far as service they fail.
The dry hot pot was good. Nice level of heat and delicious flavors. The squid stood out and the seafood ribbons were wide and delicious. The scallion pancakes were good if not a little bit on the over-cooked side. One of the additions we ordered for our dish was crab but we found these were empty shells and had absolutely no meat in them. (Believe me, we tried). I would understand if the crab shells were thrown in for flavor but they were actually one of the shell fish options on the menu so for them to be completely meat-less was a bit disappointing. I enjoyed our meal, but I felt that given the lack of crab and overcooked scallion pancakes, it was an A-ok experience .
One of my favorite go to's in Philly! With limited Ma La style restaurants, I absolutely love that this is available in Chinatown here. Their soup is thick and fully packed with a creamy rich texture unlike any other broths I've tried. I always like to save their broth for additional meals at home as they are usually quite generous with the amount they give you. The bowls are humongous! Alternatively, I crave their sodium and oil packed dry mix, exploding with flavor and variety. The only real downside is that service is very sluggish on average and it takes quite a long time for food to arrive. However, I would highly recommend this restaurant for those wanting something different in the Chinatown area!
I have a really bad expensive order take out from this restaurant. I choice medium spicy soup but after I eat it I feel my stomach is burning, very uncomfortable. Order ingredients of crawfish, got like 4-5 of them, but ALL is not fresh and dark inside!!! Taste really bad and salty too. Throw out immediately because they can't be eaten! I hope this restaurant can check the quality of ingredients.
My daughter's friends recommend this place. It is in the middle of China Town. The interior decoration is quite nice. The sever the food in two styles: Hot Pot Soup or Stir-fry. We chose the soup base.  There are lots of ingredients to chose from to be added to the soup. There are different spiciness to add on the the soup. If you add more ingredients, the total pricing goes up dramatically. 
I ordered sliced lamp, squid, enoki mushroom, and crown daisy. I did not add noodle to the soup, which was a mistake. When the soup was served, it did not really fill my stomach. There was barely much meat and squid in the soup and it was kind of salty. 
I would rather spend a little bit more money and have a feast at all-you-can-eat hot pot.  Spicy C around the corner has better noodle soup will fill your stomach. 
Although I did not try the stir-fry option, there is no likely a return trip back here.
Chu Shang is located right next to the iconic Friendship Arch in Philly's Chinatown.

It's a great restaurant, although it might not fit everyone's palate given the food might be a little too spicy for many people's tastes, myself included. 

I'd recommend getting the pick your own ingredient Ma La Soup, which is basically akin to getting hot pot although it's already made for you and given to you in a separate bowl.

Pros:
* It's super super super economical, meaning value for money and purchasing power are super high.
* The serving portions are simply freakishly humongous. I've never had bigger serving portions at literally any damn restaurant in my life.
* There's a great assortment of things that you can get in your bowl, be it meat, veggies, noodles, what not.

Cons:
* It could be super spicy. It's a Sichuanese restaurant, meaning their scale of spiciness is completely different from what a normal person would expect. FYI, mild doesn't mean mild in conventional terms; it'd be more of a "less spicier" one. Get the No Spicy option if you can't handle spice, you'll thank me later.
So surprised at the low reviews for this place! I have ordered takeout twice from here, so can't speak much about the service, but their dry pot is so worth it! $35 minimum and mix in various meat and veggies of your choice. We ordered mild, which was still a bit salty, but the spice level was totally doable. Portion sizing is obscure so we didn't know how much to order. For reference, we ordered about $50 worth for 5 people and had some left over. 

If you're looking for some personalized legit food, don't let the low rating here deter you.
This is by far the best DIY hot-pot & DIY soup type of food places that I have been to in the Philly area. You have a wide range of options to put in your ma la tang, ranging from veggies to seafood to even spam. The broth is incredibly tasty. Add on items like chicken nuggets are also top notch( tender and crispy). Meanwhile, they've gotten a variety of special drinks, such as grapefruit juice or cucumber juice, to go with the flavorful food. I highly recommend.
香锅和麻辣烫都很好吃～
能吃辣的人小辣就ok了～蘑菇茼蒿牛百叶油豆腐鱼豆腐很推荐
麻辣烫推荐清汤！小辣会有一点点辣，but still acceptable 
Highly recommend dry pot!!!Very good!!
People are really nice! Definitely deserves a visit and try their dry pot and ma la tang
I went to this restaurant yesterday. This female waiter was being very boss and very rude to me when I pay. I also saw that the female waiter was being mean to a male waiter. This need to be fix. You can not show attitude if you are doing business. The food was good but rude manners will not make your business last long. And there is no ac
First time trying mala soup! Liked the diy option, you do your picks and they cook it in the kitchen and bring the soup to you.
1st Visit:

Me: Can I have some ketchup? 
Waiters :  we already put all the sauce bottle back to refrigerator, so I can't give you . 

2nd Visit: 
Me: For my leftover, can you pack it for me so I can take it home? 
Waiters: oh, kitchen is too busy, you can do it by yourself . 

Wooooooooooooow,
For the first time in my life,I didn't left tips.

I have one last question, 
WTF are you here for ?
Dry pot. You're welcome. 'Nough said. 

Ignore the restaurant rating on Yelp. Hands down one of the best restaurants in Chinatown.
Disclaimer: I am not a pretentious yelp reviewer, but this warrant a review... This is probably one of the worst place I've been to eat. There was a language barrier so it was a little hard, servers were okay. Ordering was fine, but when I asked to sub regular fried rice with a different specialty fried rice, she didn't understand the girl just flat out said no, not even like oh there's an additional charge.. just NO, and it wasn't even a nice no, it was just a NO. Fine I ordered whatever right? I ordered the combo chicken and garlic sauce with fried rice, hot and sour soup and an egg roll. My boyfriend got the Hunan chicken and white rice. We also ordered the fried giant squid (sliced- calamari basically). 

The calamari was salty, wasn't expecting much. With the Thai sweet and sour sauce, made it a tad better. There were chunks of salt in the batter I am guessing because some pieces were way saltier than others. Then the entree comes, OH MY. The fried rice was absolutely horrible. It was just soy sauce on white rice with little bits of egg. The chicken and garlic sauce was a good 3/10... the eggroll was right on par with the entree.. all cabbage.. 

We probably got the wrong dishes- maybe should've gotten the dry hot pot.. but do not recommend, would not go back
It's okay. 

I don't mind Chu Shang but I think it's kind of overpriced, even though the soup is pretty large. They have add some kind of cream in their soup that gives the broth a comforting feel and it is quite delicious, but nothing crazy special. I also don't love that they don't put the itemized prices next to each ingredient, since you have to pick enough items so that you hit at least a certain price point or something. The concept of choosing each ingredient can be fun and cool, but I prefer transparency in the process. 

Maybe next time I'll try their dry pot and have more opinions!
The broth here is so flavorful. It's not overwhelming, but perfectly creamy and spicy. I came here twice, tried medium spice the first time then the spicy for my most recent visit. I'm not high tolerant but can handle my spice. The spicy level was honestly not even that spicy. It was just the right amount for me. It was a rainy and chilly autumn night and it hit the spot. Bowl is pretty large so you can definitely share it with a friend. Just get double noodles & double meat. Not a lot of tourists come here so it feels like a hidden gem. I'm surprised myself that I've never been here growing up near philadelphia. Will definitely be coming back with more people.
Let me tell you something. i first got introduced to dry pot (mala xiang guo) at this NYC spot called Mala project. and i've been hooked ever since! but being back in philly, i needed a place just as good or even better, and chushang is the SPOT. 

food: i've never gotten the soup, but i always get the dry pot with my favorite things: potato glass noodle (a MUST), few meats, fish cakes, sweet potato (also a must)and a bunch of veggies + cilantro. i'll always be an avid fan of Mala Project, but chu shang's portion seriously outshines!!! it may seem like the cost is racking up with each ingredient, but they do not give sparingly! super large portions, and super strong flavor. 
it can be salty, so please don't forget to eat your rice!

the space: it's a fairly large space, just a normal chinatown area in my opinion. nothing is special about the inside, you're really just here for the food!
So. Much. Food.

They have a standard menu, but Chushang is mainly a DIY dry pot / soup establishment. I haven't tried the dry pot, but the soup is great. Definitely get noodles in the soup. The "lo fun" noodles were a bit too soft and slippery, so I'm going to try a different type next time.

There's a choice between two soup bowl sizes. I got the smaller one, and it was definitely enough for two people. I can't imagine what the big bowl would be like. 

The broth comes in four spice levels. I got the "little spicy" (the one higher than "no spice"), and it was too spicy for me, so I can't imagine what the higher spice levels are like. The broth was very flavorful but made me thirsty afterwards. 

There's a huge assortment of meats and veggies to choose from, ranging from crabs to pigs blood. You pay for each item. My huge bowl of noodle soup (squid, scallops, seaweed, enoki mushroom, dried tofu skin) totaled about $14 and could've easily been two meals.
Never wait for a bowl of ramen for more than 20 minutes, but I experienced here y'all. But the ramen was pretty good tbh.
After a fun day at the Philadelphia Car show we decided to grab a bite to eat. We headed into Chinatown and found this restaurant. Service was ok but the food was great! I got the Mai Fun chicken it was really spicy. Just the way I like it! Shrimp in lobster sauce was also really good. We got the Shrimp dumplings for an appetizer. They were alittle fishy but good. Everything was fresh. I also liked the fact you can watch them prepare your food. Prices are reasonable. We will be returning to try the Generals Tso chicken!!
Service was very slow. I ask 2 servers 3 times simply to get my plain iced water refilled. All ingredients can be found in any asian grocery store and the biggest problem really is that there's absolute nothing special about the taste.. even I myself can make something more flavorful than their dishes with the food in my fridge and I'm no good cook at all... the only good thing about the place is the price and that's the reason I give a 2-star rating....
I order a food to go but no one serve me. 
Terrible service!!! There are 3 waitress stand at the counter. When I finished my order on the paper then I passed to them, no one took my order! What the?! 
They just care who dine in because of tips!
The food is always really good. I've been here a good handful of times now. At first the service was slow, and it would take like an hour to get the food. But now it's 15-20 minutes. Highly recommend for authentic Szechuan spicy food with friends.
Terribly managed, waited forever only to find out the ran out of the ingredients. When we ordered something else it just tasted horrible.
I would say the food is very spicy and not special. For the price I paid I would just go get pho and add spice to it. It's worth a try but I wouldn't do it twice.
If I can give 0 star then I wouldn't hesitate to choose that one. You will be quiet impressed with their POOR service.

They forgot some of our dishes but didn't forget to charge our money .So lucky ! Isn't it ? At least they remember something.

Their attitude was so bad and they didn't answer any questions. The waiter was angry at the store for take- away orders and kept complaining with a long face toward customers .
Bad ass attitude for real. Complaint that I speak too slow over the phone when I am making takeout order over the phone???
上菜慢的令人发指，那么简单的一个麻辣烫要等半个小时甚至四十分钟。无法理解，后厨看起来人并不少，上菜频率几乎五分钟才能出来一盘，这个样子开饭店早晚要死的。
This is one of the authentic chinese restaurants in China town.  Ma la soup and dry spicy pot are the best plates to have here, and most popular.  You can choose any combination of meat seafood and vegetables.  Price is very reasonable.  While the cooking takes some time, it's definitely worth the wait.  Highly recommended!
Try their noodle and create your own thing
I love it!

1st i want to order their chinese food but then i saw all the customers eating their noodle bowl
So I thought alright,that must be the popular one.

And we are right! 
Taste like malaysian laksa noodle to me like coconuty...

And by surprise they have indonesian fried rice and lo mein
Which is recommended!

Affiliated with The Empress garden restaurant.
Vibes: modern, wooden tones, casual, lots of open space

Menus: a pretty standard Chinese restaurant menu (there is a lunch special on weekdays) as well as a spicy hot pot/stir fry menu, orders for which are taken by marking items on the menu. 

Tasting notes:
-Spicy "dry hot pot": items are $2.50 each, spanning seafood, meat, vegetables, carbs, and some other typical hot pot ingredients, and the minimum is $15 worth of items. Besides spiciness level, there is an option for garlic or oyster sauce. For 3 people, we ordered 9 items, which was a good portion for us, with an additional noodle dish. The medium spicy level had just enough peppercorns to numb my tongue. Dish comes topped with a healthy dose of cilantro. 
-Indonesian stir-fried noodles: lo mein, slightly sweet sauce, with slivered chicken, pork and shrimp, and strong chili flavor. By itself, the dish will likely satisfy one person. 

Will be back for: the hot pot version when it gets colder!
One star gives to the foods, the foods are great but the service is super bad ! ! ! one of the waitress I don't know her name , but she is acting so bad to customers and yelling to the customers ??? She was playing on her phone while I trying to call someone over to place an order for me, her attitude was super bad omg...I don't even know how to describe ....No matter how good the foods are but I will not come back to this place because of the service...
I used to come to Chushang Spicy to eat often. When my friend and I came today, many waiters changed, and their service attitude was very average. We have ask them for water, and their attitude towards us was very rude.  We ordered a little spicy dry spicy pot and a large spicy Ma La Soup. When we got our little spicy dry spicy pot, it was indescribable hot. We ask for solution, their answer was rinse with water??? Then my friend's and my stomach started get hurt. We don't expect to have a extremely good service in this restaurant, but I expect something better than this. Their attitude towards us like we owed them a lot of money. Never will come back again, do not recommend. If I could I will give them 0 star.
Well... They don't have anything on the menu... The back page under "combination" isn't available... I get the lunch menu isn't but why do you have a separate category for your dinner menu and then make it not available on the weekends? If that's the case then maybe you should have two different menus. Also the iced coffee on the freaking menu they didn't carry! Talk about false advertising.

We got the dry hot pot. It came out to $35! Lol apparently it weighed 3lbs. Wonder if they weigh it before they cook or after.

The food was actually really good. I'd go back... It took them 22 minutes from when we ordered to when they brought out the food. 

Fix your menu and you'd get higher stars!
I don't get why this place has such low reviews. This is my go to spot for cheap, flavorful, warm and soupy food. The DIY hot pot is where it's at. If you're ordering off of a menu instead of checking your food items off on the paper placemats, then you haven't ordered the DIY hot pot, and thus you haven't ordered what this place is known for. Those who are rating this place based on anything other than the DIY mala hot pot are not giving useful reviews. Service isn't great, but I don't dock stars unless service is horrendous because the food should be the focus of Yelp reviews.
This place is so good! You get a piece of paper and write down everything you  want to go in your soup (you pick everything from the broth to the noodles). So you have the independence to have as much or as little as you want. The portions are also really good. Service is good. Highly recommend
I'm so happy that I found this place! I've been looking for places where they have Mala Xiang guo(Dry hot pot) and finally found one! My husband and I tried Dry hot pot with veggies and meat on our choice with little spicy. The amount of food was very massive and it comes with one bowl of white rice. It wasn't too spicy and salty, just right. We enjoyed it so much that we want to bring our friends next time. Can't wait to going back again!
Let me tell you, chu shang spicy is my absolute GO-TO when it comes to food in chinatown. the portion sizes for their mala tang are insane for the price point and easily shareable with a party of two or even three (small appetite trios) 

I think I visit chu shang biweekly and I always come back for more. It does take a little while for them to prep the food in the back, but once it comes out, there are absolutely no complaints on my end!
Love the food here, I ate here over the Memorial Day weekend with some friends and we got the private room. Good food, great service, and actually the food there tasted much better then the food in NYC.
You guys rock, keep up the good work.

Henri
We stumbled upon this place on a Friday evening in search of a spicy sichuan dinner.  It looked new and was filled with local Asians, so I figured it must be legit. We went with the dry spicy hot pot, and picked about 8 ingredients to fill it:  thin sliced beef, shrimp, fried tofu, whole crab (small and not worth the effort), pea sprouts, onions, spinach and mei fun noodles, which were thin vermicelli-like noodles.  The noodles and our selected ingredients were stir-fried together and presented in a huge wide bowl -- fun to share.  At $24, this was a great value dinner. Like alot of sichuan food I've eaten, it was doused with a good amount of chili oil, which Makes it a bit greasier than I would like. But I think oil is needed to extract the heat and numbing effects from the peppercorns - - and it must have done the trick b/c we were happy with the spiciness and flavor.  The only complaint I had was that the chili oil they use has a cloying, almost floral/perfumey flavor that I don't like.  Not sure what it is, but some bottled brands I've bought also have this taste, and I'm not a fan.  Fun fact, this place also has charger cords spaced along the bench seating.  Great idea!
Shocked this place only has a three star rating. Before coming I read many reviews that said service was bad and the employees were mean so I came in expecting that but I didn't experience any of that! They weren't exactly welcoming but they weren't rude. 

I ordered the regular hot pot with soup with the spice level at "little spicy." First few sips were fine but then it got super spicy so just watch out if you don't like spicy food. I know next time I'll be getting no spice at all. My boyfriend got the highest spice level of dry hot pot and it was definitely hot! The portions here are HUGE. One order of dry hot pot could feed three people. Though I did notice for more "expensive" toppings like oysters, they only gave 2 tiny pieces. 

For a soup hot pot and dry hot pot the bill turned out to around $42. Price depends on how many toppings you put in but for the portions, it's a great deal.
Great Dry Spicy Pot!!  
You can pick as much meat/vegetable/seafood as you want and the price is very reasonable.


I would certainly come back and get the same dish!
Honestly me and my friend came in on a whim because we wanted to try something new in Chinatown, we did not expect the food to be so good. The spicy dry pot at first sounded interesting on the menu because I have never heard of dry hot pot loool. But it was delicious! I kept wanting to go back after that night just for that dish. I loved that it was customizable to my own liking and there was a lot of selections to choose from. It was also a large portion which is always great!
We came in for just a few appetizers in the middle of the afternoon, with the intent that if we liked the food we'd come back for dinner.  Ordered dumplings and two duck snacks.  We were told the duck snack is a small portion of Peking duck in a pancake with sauce and scallions.  Yes it was duck, just not duck meat; it was almost entirely thin strips of duck fat doused in way too much hoisin sauce!  I showed it to the waitress and stated I wanted a refund.  She didn't deny that it was full of fat and said they purchase it from another place and don't actually prepare it themselves, so it isn't anything that is their fault.  What?  So you don't know what you're serving and take no responsibility for it!?  I was shocked.  We were in a hurry, so I didn't ask for the manager.  I still gave them 3 stars only because the dumplings and dipping sauce were so delicious and tasted fresh and homemade.  But stay away from the duck "fat" snack.  Is it likely they know what they're serving and put on extra hoisin sauce to disguise the look & taste of the fat, absolutely!  Buyer beware.
Their most popular item seems to be a DIY hot pot. You can choose from a variety of proteins (meat or seafood), noodles and vegetables and then adjust the spiciness level of your broth. Each ingredient is a la cart, and I would say a normal serving with one protein will run you around ~$13. The portions are huge, I definitely had enough to take home. Speaking of which, the service is very accommodating! The waiter was sure to come by with lots of water, split the check, and even bagged my leftover broth and noodles separately so they didn't get soggy! 

One small gripe: the add on prices are not transparent. They give you a range of prices instead of exact. They also don't accept credit cards under $15. 

Warning: this soup is incredibly hot! Even as a spice lover, I don't think I would go above a medium. In fact, I recommend you ask for no spice first, and then adjust to your liking at the table (the same chili oil  they use is also on the table). 

Next thing to try: I'm really interested in the stir fry version of the hot pot. Since the portions are so large, I don't end up eating the meal in one setting, and dry noodles keep better than in a broth.
This bowl is huge and huge. I actually like this place since u can custom your own pot bowl at reasonable price. I had ear fungi, tofu, noddles, double meats, Mushroom, there is no veggie on here since I don't normally eat it. Mainly some dry mushroom, double meats, sausage with glass noodles. It ends up to be around $14, if you add more, it will cost more. U can choose ur own spiciness.

It is very interesting how I randomly just checked stuffs I would like to eat and they turn out to taste pretty good, I guess it is the broth is very flavorful in general. They also have dry pot or with broth. 

I came here 3 times total already, I had a lot of fun each time eating with friends since it was a challenge what you order and how much you can eat, but they were quite manageable. Price isn't bad at all for customized bowl you get 

Definitely will come back again when visiting Philly in the future
