As you travel down Henry Ave, you will notice that there are two businesses across the street from one another both serving cheesesteaks. One is Dalessandro's and the other is Chubby's. I don't know much about the history here, but I've heard through some that The Chubby's/Dalessandro's rivalry can be described as a Geno's/Pat's type feud, only lesser known since the two businesses are newer and are in the Roxborough section of the city. 

I recently had the brilliant idea of trying both and asked my father to join me in my glutenous decision. We made the conscious choice to do a 'bang bang' first hitting up Dalessandro's and then Chubby's. I had been to the former many years ago yet never made it across the street to the latter. 

We decided on D's first. Although it was very good, it was a pretty big ordeal between the ordering of the sandwich, lack of indoor/outdoor seating and insanely crowded space once inside the building. 

We then took the walk across the street to C's and had quite the opposite experience. Chubby's was a lot less crowded and offered plenty of seating at the bar and a back room if you wished to sit at a booth. We immediately sat at the bar and ordered a cheesesteak with fried onions and cheese fries to split. 

In addition to steaks and other sandwiches, C's offers many other items that D's does not including fries, onion rings, wings and a few other hot sides. There is also a full bar with beer on tap. 

Our steak was up in no time (about 5 mins vs. the nearly 30) at D's and we quickly indulged. The sandwich holds up with the best of them - a freshly baked Italian roll serves as the foundation with chopped steak, a nice layer of cheese and sweet fried onions. My father and I both agreed that this sandwich was just as good as D's but with a lot less hassle. 

If you are in the neighborhood, feel like you could use a drink, get a hankering for a sandwich, or just feel like unwinding in a casual atmosphere, then Chubby's is the place for you.
A landmark you might say that has been in debate for the "Best Cheese steak " in Philly. Chubby's is certainly up there in ranks , but with the competition out there to be number one is fierce. 

These guys have been around for a while now with a competitor across the street no less who also has been around  making a phenomenal cheese steak in DaLessandros. 

The differences from these two are:

First- you can enjoy a frosty pint / mug , bottled beer, or you can go with something stronger like liquor  with your cheese steak.
 
Second - The fried long hots in oil types of  hot peppers and pickles bar they offer you if you want to take your steak to a different level.

Third- they accept credit cards, and at times are open later than the rival across the way.

A great  high calorie induced, greasy flavored  by this I mean a marinate from the whole day types of grease on the grill is what I am screaming! If you are a person who doesn't like a good flavorful cheese steak with all the add-ons and is worried about the grease factor, DON'T GO IN !  

OK so picture this  you walk in , mind you it is not a big place , counter seating and with booths along the side wall. People ordering, the smell hitting your senses of Philly goodness, the onions being fried, the pounds of meat on the grill, whiz being kept warm for that next piece of bread or fries. Wow doesn't that sound delicious, you can always go to the gym the next day if you feel guilty, and besides you shouldn't if you already committed by walking in the joint.

My perfect Cheese steak I had made was with raw and fried onions, bacon,  extra cheese (Whiz ) with the  hots and pickles on a side cup  was being prepared for me to devour.  Sometimes I would go with American cheese just for the hell of it  . I know blasphemy ! How dare I !! I do dare even with American cheese this is good, hell do a duo of Whiz and American.

The staff is friendly , and patient when it comes to the people leaving the bar scene. Now go inside, sit down , get you sides of pickles and hot to sweet peppers on stand by with a frosty pint and get ready and enjoy!!
Another COVID-19, take out only review.  However, I've always viewed Chubby's as a take out place, so not sure how much different it would be in non-COVID times.

However, given we are living pandemic times, I want to start by giving them ample credit for what they are doing.  They have a one customer at a time policy (in the store), have clear 6 feet markers for the line, and in general come off very coordinated.  There full menu is available.

I've had their cheesesteaks on several occasions.  I might not get into the best of Philly discussions, but it is enjoyable. The portion is enough to be a complete meal.  Get one with fried onions.  If you want, they do provide a few things which you can get on the side (say pickles or peppers). Pricing is more than fair.

A clear winner during this pandemic, Chubby's is also worth keeping on your list post-COVID as well.
In the Chubby's vs. Dalessandro's competition, Chubby's wins hands down.  The roll was fresh, and the steak was perfectly chopped and slightly greasy.  Though it could have been just a tad greasier.

There was enough space to accommodate our group, the wait staff was on the ball and they have a full bar!  Who doesn't want to wash down their cheesesteak with a beer?  Or in our group's case, a shot!  

While I enjoyed Chubby's steak, I can't say I'll go out of my way for it.  But if I have to pick which side of street to cross to get my steak, it will be to Chubby's side.  Sorry Dalessandro's!!
This place is nothing fancy. It looks like a converted old diner, and well, it is a converted old diner. It's a cheesesteak diner. A Cheesesteak Diner with beer! The steaks here are really delicious. I don't eat meat all the time, but this made it "worth it". The grease, onions, melty cheese and crusty bread all blend together and melt in your mouth! There were plenty of other options on the menu too, but I chose to stick with the obvious. There is also an extensive beer list at this diner... and it's dirt cheap. I'm talking $3 for a Victory Golden Monkey (which is normally at least $6 in most bars). 

Chubby's is a unique little gem, and I'd definitely like to return again! I'd like to say that when I return, I'd mix it up and try something different... but in this case, I think I'll return for another steak & Monkey! :-)
Chubby's is a bar that serves cheesesteaks[1]. It features a narrow diner layout with a fair amount of seating. If you want to eat in, sit then wait to be served, or wait up front to place a takeout order. Behind the counter, you'll find a modest selection of liquor.

Of course, I took advantage of the liquor: while waiting for our orders, I got a round of (pleasantly inexpensive) shots for a few brave friends - it was lunchtime, after all - and relaxed.

A friend and I split and enjoyed a large cheesesteak (she doesn't like mushrooms so we had our waitress hold those). The sandwich came out piping warm, filled with onions, cheese, and lots of tender meat (at least for me - the cook seemed to be inconsistent). It had a bit of heft and was a pleasure to eat. Is it worth a trip to Roxborough to experience one of their cheesesteaks? Yes! Besides, D'Alessandro's is right across the street.

There's a SEPTA stop nearby, but most will want to drive to get here. Lots of street parking.

[1] Astutely noted by Aaron O., who organized the event that brought us there.
I am writing this review based on the service I received just a few hours ago. I've been going to chubbys since I was a kid and the way that I was treated today was just disrespectful. Oh BTW I also love Delisandros, I actually prefer Delisandros over chubbys, but I go back and fourth because chubbys holds near and dear with nostalgia from going there with my family all my life. Well today I wanted a Delis cheese steak and delis doesn't have cheese fries, so I pulled the old get the sandwich from delis and the fries from chubbys. 
        The lady at the register was very short and rude with me as I asked for my fries. I then asked her about the random candles they had for sale at the register and she made it like she didn't here me. I said excuse me and asked again and asked if they had a specific vanilla candle that was there the last week I was there. She responded in a very rude and undermining tone without making any eye contact saying no we don't have it. She then walked away and said something to the cooks about my fries. BTW, 2 orders of fries with ex cheese ended up costing me $11. I got some peppers from the pepper bar and waited for the fries. She threw them in a bag told me the price and I gave her the money. After giving me my change she noticed my little side of peppers and said to me, "I should've charged you for the peppers, yeah next time I'm going to charge you for them". I had no words, I could not understand what I could've done to her to make her act this way towards me. I said why would you charge me for the peppers which if you have been to chubbys you would understand that these Lil guys are always free. She told me that the peppers are only for the cheesesteaks. I didn't even have any words for her. I just smiled, took my change and left. 
        As I said before, I have been a customer of both restaurants for a long time, giving them both an almost equal amount of business. I wish she understood that competition is healthy for any successful business, and to not take it so personal  that today I was in the mood for a Delis cheesesteak. Because of this I will probably not eat there again. I've never done anything wrong to that place, always spoke highly of them, just to be treated like garbage because of, honestly I don't even know what I did, in the end I still payed $11 for 2 sides of fries. I'm believe that you should treat people that deserve it with respect. I would rather not eat at a place that is so petty, and so quick to disrespect a long time customer. Overpriced, not worth the mistreatment.
2nd and 3rd Cheese steak in 24 hours.

This time it was across the street from Dalessandro's at Cubby's. I ordered the exact same thing, cheese steak with onions, whiz, and provolone. 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PgUoeGam08nCaLWJwrmrWQ?select=uc03IgkZxsepluUjfz1f8Q

I'd say the bread here was on par but the meat was chopped a little finer, which as it turns out I did not prefer as much. The marked difference was that Chubby's was not afraid to lather on the whiz.. So much so, I was unable to really taste the provolone, the meat, the bread, and only the hot peppers peaked up. 

While I am a lover of the whiz, it really took away from the sandwich. Overall, this was a meh. We ended up walking across the street to Dalessandro's right after to have one of theirs to top us off.
The cheesesteaks here are on point! I ate here twice within 24 hours, that should tell you something,
it's delicious.

This is one of my top spots in Philly for cheesesteaks.

The service is fast, and parking is never an issue which is great.
This is a solid three not a tepid 3. I lived in Manayunk for years and I can't say how many times Chubby's was the place I ended up late at night. It's always good and the cheese steak is as good as Across the street. On top of it they have a bar. Yes it's bizarre. But in the good way not the creepy way. You can do worse especially if you have your drink on and you want to keep it that way while you eat.
It seems like a crazy thought to occur to me, after having lived in Philly for years and years. "I should eat more cheese steaks," I said to myself. Really?

No, I shouldn't. Really. But that's my brain, for you. Off the rails. We've probably shared maybe four cheese steaks between us, all year, my husband and I. There's a lotta other sandwiches and hoagies out there, you know, and so many other foodstuffs to get into our faces, but with some family in friends recently in town, we found ourselves in charge of a little cheese steak sampling tour for the people and Chubby's was definitely on the docket. Glad it was. 

This little steak shop with a diner counter feel knows what they're doin. My cheese steak with American was delicious. Sweet, caramelized onions melded into the scrambled chopped steak and cheese just right. Folded, sizzling into a fresh Amoroso roll, it was a classic specimen of how these babies are s'posed to be.
 
I love their little pepper and pickle bar too: Hots, sweets, relish style, and dried little hot chiles fried to black! YES. Other people must dig that selection plenty too cause by the containers of peppers there's a sign that states that unless you've bought a sandwich from Chubby's, you're gonna have to pay for those peppers. Who are these pepper thieves? C'mon ya rude things!

So, according to me, it's no wonder that Chubby's out in Roxborough always seems to be local favorite. It's an instant favorite for me. It's worth a little travelin. One bite outta my cheese steak and I thought, "I should be eating more cheese steaks." Chubby's got me thinkin thoughts.
I feel justified in comparing Chubby's and Dalessandro's since I ate at both in a  short time span. Being newish to the area, I feel it's my duty to seek out and recommend things to out of town visitors. So this is a two-review-in-one. 

The cheesesteaks themselves are fairly comparable, although Chubby's has a more expansive menu and a wider range of toppings. I did feel like the steak was a little less greasy at Chubby's too. For everything else, though, I can't see why Dalessandro's has a better rating overall on Yelp- is there a certain cache for rude service, cramped quarters, and cash only that makes people feel like brave warriors?

Truth is, Chubby's staff was extremely nice, even though they were busy, whereas Dalessandro's staff seemed outraged that we didn't know what we wanted instantly and we (myself and another non-native) got flustered. Not being originally from Philly, nothing makes me want to frequent a legendary cheesesteak place "for the locals" like rude service...not. 

At Chubby's, the pepper bar, labeled with large pepper-shaped lettering, added some excitement. The booths gave some calm in the storm of a lunch rush. And the curly fries, though I did not partake, sounded fantastic. Chubby's also takes cards, while Dalessandro's does not. 

Steaks being pretty equally delicious, who wouldn't choose service, space, seating, and simple payment as well?
I had the wings and they were perfectly crispy, just how I prefer. However, they weren't coated in enough sauce. Some pieces were quite bare. They were tasty nonetheless. Definitely recommend the slushy as well. We got the blueberry cherry mix. It will sneak up on you. I was pleasantly buzzed.
I told my husband last weekend that I wanted a cheesesteak. He looked totally dumbfounded. I guess it was quite surprising since I'm that gal that usually has to go through a million and one changes just to try and figure out what she wants to eat. So, an actual craving combined with the fact that I wanted a cheesesteak...was enough to really throw him for a loop. 

We decided on Chubby's. I hadn't been there in ages! Well, it still looks the same and the pickle lover in me was so happy to see the self-service pickles and pepper stand still in place. I ordered a mushroom green pepper steak and my husband ordered his standard x-cheese, x-mayo, fried onion steak. We also got fries.

Those steaks had the whole car stinking on the ride home. I was so tempted but I wanted to be fair to him since he was driving. Plus, it's something about being able to slip into your comfy clothes, fuzzy socks, tie your hair up...and dig in! So I exhibited some self control until we got home.

It was so worth the wait. I was happy that they got our order right (something we had problems with in the past with Chubby's). The customer service also was pretty friendly so I was happy we went there.

Just so you know: I ate the whole thing.
Just getting this out of the way since I posted a negative Delosandro's (or however that crap is spelled) after our cheese steak battle. 

While not the best I've ever had, Chubby's won hands down. Better flavor, better texture, no need to create flavor by adding peppers like one needed to do at the other place. 

Service was good, place a little disheveled, all in all acceptable.

the knock out punch is they have a full bar and cheap beer specials! 

Winner=Chubby's
Great cheesesteaks here!
I order with cheese, onions, mushrooms, sweet peppers and hot peppers. 
They used to have peppers out self-serve, but no longer offer that. There are a few booths and some counter seating inside, with a small parking lot outside.
Didn't realize this place existed until we tried to go to that other place across the street, but found it way too busy. Pulled up the reviews on Chubby's and decided to give it a go.
Small joint with a few booths and a large counter area. Service was slow, but we didn't mind too much because there was a steady crowd. Once we were able to get our order in, the food and beer (yes, they have a full bar!!!) was served promptly. Wait staff wasn't overly warm, but they were definitely courteous. 
I ordered a cheese steak with wiz and hot peppers and my husband ordered one with wiz and onions. I was a little nervous because the photos on here and other review sites didn't look too appetizing - the meat looked dry, but to my surprise it was great. The cheese was soaked into the bread, which was incredibly soft. The meat wasn't over seasoned and was quality rib eye. Definitely one of the best steaks we've had since we moved to Philly.
New owners have completely wrecked the vibe.  Televisions EVERYWHERE.  The staff has mostly changed, and the new people have a horrific attitude.  Chubby's went from a shabby but cool place with good food to an unpleasant place to be.  

The food quality has dropped as well.  

I used to be a regular, sometimes just for food, sometimes for a few drinks and a snack, but after my fourth visit post-change in ownership I will NOT be back.  I'll take my chances crossing Henry Avenue to get a steak and beer at Dalesandro's...and you should too. 

R.I.P. Chubby's.  I can't see you being open under these new owners much longer.
I've been to pretty much all the top Philly Cheese steak places in Philly, Chubby's by far I think is the best cheese steak in Philly. The steak is juicy and not greasy and it's a nice size sandwich. I also love that you can sit comfortably and has waitress service. It is outside of the city but well worth it. Fries are also pretty tasty. People here are friendly and take care of you.
the steaks were awesome, the curly fries were awesome...and holy crap, they've got a bar! i had two adults and two little ones with me, so me and my friend were able to skip away to the bar for a shot of jager. nice! after that we played a hard core round of 'go fish' with the kids in the booth that we were seated in. 

and i need to go back and get the waitresses name. she is the epitome of accommodating. when i asked her to please check out this curly fry that the nephew REALLY needed her to see, she was like "WOW! ...you get a cookie for having the biggest curly fry ever!" and then she proceeded to shower attention on my little man and dole out the free cookies! she totally made their night happen!

and when the waitress saw my empty water bottle in my hand, she offered to fill it up before we left! i mean, that's just being plain ole' nice! 

i'll be back.
This place was my second stop in Philly of three for my quest for an awesome Cheese Steak.   I arrived right when they were opening at 11am.   I actually thought I was in a line to order but they all ended up being employees getting into position.  

I sat down at the counter so I could talk to the employees and pick their brains about my Cheese Steak quest.   Since there were no other customers, everyone chimed in a bit as they passed catching others conversations.  I must say the ENTIRE crew was extremely friendly and informative.   Come to find out the owners, Rich and Debbie, were amongst them.  We talked about the business and competitors.   Rich was pretty adamant  that his sandwiches were the best.   I guess we'll see..................

I ordered a regular Cheese Steak sandwich and a chicken one.   Since the kitchen is right there I was watching the cook do his magic.   In the meantime, Rich mentioned a special homemade hot pepper blend.  I, of course, said "sign me up!!"    Rich was back in a flash with two containers of chilis.  One was his blend, the other was Mexican dried Chiles de Arbol that had been smoked.  He called these "Roaches".   Love it!! 

Just in time my food arrives!!! The sandwiches are served in a basket with the meats pouring out of them.   They smelled delicious, so I dug in.   

The Cheese Steak was perfectly cooked, chopped,  and had a good amount of cheese on it.  After about two bites of pure goodness I added the chili blend.  Now it was on!  Soon my sandwich had disappeared along with all of the chili's.    This is what I'm talking about!!  A Cheese Steak that is awesome!

The Chicken Cheese Steak was the same.   A wonderful pile of chopped chicken  and cheese that I could not help but devour!  This might sway me into ordering half of each next time instead.

This stop at Chubby's was awesome!  The people are SO nice and the food was FAN-DAMN-TASTIC!! 
Rich had stated to me when we were talking that he has not tasted any of his competitors Cheese Steaks in the last 15 years.  Rich, there is no need my friend!!  Keep doing what you are doing!! This will absolutely be a place that calls my name when I'm looking for "4th meal" at night... if only they were a littttttttttle closer to home! They were well worth the drive today, and I will definitely be returning in the not so distant future.

Chubby's 
5826 Henry Ave
Philadelphia PA
215-487-2575
3 / 11 of my cheesesteak pilgrimage (see my list!)

Some people have been saying that Chubby's can be hit or miss.  Maybe I came on a miss night?

My cheesesteak just wasn't...cheesy.  I went with provolone, but it was just too mild for me to really notice it.  It was more filled out than some of the other sandwiches I tried, so I'll give it points for that.  Also, the staff was a bit abrasive.  Of all the cheesesteak joints I hit up, I was the most uncomfortable here.

Protip: what they call "spicy twist fries" are really just Arby's curly fries.  I was hoping for something a bit more unique.
It seems that every time I think I'm done finding good cheesesteak joints, I go to another place and rediscover the sandwich all over again. Chubby's is one of those places.

Chubby's has mastered the art of the sliced beef and gooey cheese to a point that all three of the main ingredients of a cheesesteak appear in every bite you take. They know that they overstuff all of the sandwiches, too, because they serve your steak with a fork and knife. Order fries as a side and you are good to go. You can get two steaks and a side of fries for under $20, plus your food is served with a smile and a friendly, "How you doin', honey?" Add all of this to the fact that you can buy Golden Monkey by the bottle for prices that are dirt-cheap, and we have ourselves a winner, ladies and gentlemen.
We walked in to Chubby's &  had no line to wait in. We sat at the counter and ordered a pint of Sam Adam's Spring Seasonal Cold Snap. Then we ordered a Cheese steak with American cheese and fried onions.  We had just had a great steak sandwich at Dallesandro's and it was going to be tough for Chubby's to top it.  Our Sandwich arrived and the onions were not fried enough and my first bite I knew which one was my choice between the 2.  Chubby's did not do a thing to wow me.  I felt like there was no flavor as i struggled to eat my half.  I kept thinking in the back of my head this isn't even a competition. Dalessandro's would be my choice every time.  I just enjoyed my steak from them much more. Cheese fries were so so nothing special.

They do have more seats at the counter and booths for you to sit inside.  The full bar is a big plus, and there was a flat screen television to watch the Olympics.  Also have draught beers. For the atmosphere I would choose Chubby's but for the meal my stomach goes across the street. But hey it's just my opinion, but if you wanna try it for yourself I say go ahead. Do the cheese steak shuffle. But as yelp proves the number of stars do not lie!
I'm giving chubby's 3stars cause they do have a good steak but just not up to what I'm use to. The meat is not lacking too much flavor but could be maybe chopped up a little more and seasoned a little better. I ordered a regular cheesesteak with provolone cheese which really shouldn't make a difference cause If a steak taste good, a steak gonna taste good. Just tasted okay.

  Friendly staff, nice and clean. Can order takeout or sit in, a front stool seating area. Can grab you a couple beers while your there or soft drinks like fountain drinks. Chips and snacks on the side. Side orders available too like fries, onion rings, and etc.

  Parking available out front if your curious. Overall I guess to the ppl of Roxborough and the surrounding areas this and Delassandros across the street are their top cheesesteak spot in the area and that's cool. Give them a try when your around.
If possible refer to the "urban dictionary " and look up the word Wishniak please !

Got pretty hungry on the late nite, so I figured I'd stop at Chubby's for a steak and some fries. As soon as u walk in I notice at least 4-5 fellow " Wishiniaks " present eating steaks. I have a drink unlike the competition across the street, I ordered my food and waited, upon waiting one the young ladies noticed a coworker drinking a black cherry Wishniak dutch soda, out of the blue the young lady replied you'll never guess what it means, the other co-worker didn't know so she proceeded to tell her. Unfortunately I knew what the " urban dictionary " definition was, the two ladies then began to crack jokes about " Wishniaks "  they then began to tell the gentleman working the grill, and I guess it was the running joke for about 5 mins, the crazy part is as I sat and ate my food and felt like the brunt of a really hurtful joke, the one lady told them to keep the voices low about the little joke. Another thing that rubbed me the wrong way was the young lady that started the informative discussion than asked a "Wishniak " if he knew what it was, he said no, she then showed him her phone and let him read it for himself, the young man didn't realize that that was a running joke and that he too was apart of the joke, I don't think the young man was sharp enough to realize what she was doing smh. The food at Chubby's has always been spot on, but going forward I will no longer give business to an establishment that is that insensitive towards other human beings of different race, creed etc. the majority of the time I notice that we " Wishniaks " help maintain the consistent business & success of Chubby's. So after you read the urban dictionary and find out the definition of " Wishniak " is, I need u to look up your racial epitaph and then go head and visualize eating in a restaurant that will use that nasty name as a joke unbeknownst to anyone in the restaurant. But why am I suprised clearly this not the first time a conversation like this had been had amongst the three dopes. So sad Chubby's we " Wishniaks " have put a lot of money into your restaurant to be spoke of in that type of way is just disgusting, again I will no longer support this restaurant
After years of cheesesteak consupmption and violent debates among friends, I always come back to Chubby's as my all time favorite.

Chubby's steak is of the "chopped" varietal, and for me, just perfect everytime.  The holy quadruple of meat, roll, cheese and onion hit the mark time and time again.

The glorious pepper bar should not be missed.  My favorite are the Italian hots that have been stewed in oil and a few habaneros.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.

Chubby's just might also have the coldest most refreshing Rolling Rock to accompany your meal.
Don't listen to your buddy who lives in the Main Line and thinks he knows "the best spot for a steak" and sends you to the place across the street. Listen to me .... I've lived here my entire life and this is the spot. 

If you want a real steak, this is where you need to go. Fresh rolls and made to order sandwiches. The meat isn't left out on the grill all day like the place across the street. 

Try the smoked peppers on your sandwich as well. A wonderful kick of flavor.
Best philly cheesesteaks!!!!!!  Better than Pat and Geno's (BY FAR)... better than delassandro's and larry's... they are just amazing.  

I LOVE CHUBBY'S!
I felt a wave of guilt wash over my brain at the moment I committed to making the following statement...OK, I'm not ready to say it yet. Let's talk about Chubby's first, and then perhaps I will be able to conjure the courage to make my confession to you. 

Chubby's is REALLY, really, REALLY good. They have one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had and their hoagies are also seriously good. I stop in here about once every couple of months or so (would come more, but I understand that eating this kind of food regularly will cause you to transubstantiate into King Hippo). I usually come in after a night out because Chubby's is open late on the weekends (till 2). And it's totally worth leaving the bar a little early so that you can close up the night here. Trust me. 

There are a few things that make this one of the best cheesesteaks you will ever have. One, the meat. It's rich and tasty and fresh. You can tell that it's very high quality. Two, the bread: Conshohocken bakery rolls. Just enough crunch. Perfect taste that does not get in the way of the contents. Three, the love you can tell they put into their sandwiches. You can taste love. And love is delicious. 

But, for me, there is one facet that is worthy of its own paragraph--the hot pepper and pickle bar. OMG. I don't say "OMG." OMG. If you've ever read my sandwich reviews, where I usually go on and on about what kind of hot peppers (banana, cherry, relish) a place uses and why it's a good choice or not, you will know that my brain went into overload when I saw Chubby's hot pepper bar. They've got them all:

   * hot pepper relish - usually my favorite. This stuff marries with the with mayo to make a beautiful offspring. 

   * cherry peppers - I love these because they usually have a little heat to them, and I mix them with the relish. 

  * HABANERO blend - Chubby's has an ultra hot habanero pepper blend that will keep your lips smoldering for hours. Not for the faint of heart, but a can't-miss for the heat seekers amongst us. You will pay for choose this one. Oh, you'll pay. 

  * black mystery peppers - have not tried these yet, as I didn't have time to risk a Homer-esque hallucination, but I understand they may be slightly less hot than the habanero blend. 

They also have pickles on the bar. I love pickles. 

And all of this brings me to my admission, which is certainly painful for me to express in such a public forum, and as a Manayunk/Roxborough denizen. OK, here goes: I think Cubby's is better than Dalessandro's. THERE I said it. Now just leave me alone!
Top notch cheesesteak joint. Has a good rivalry with Delessandro's next door. Bread was fresh, meat was tasty. Pepper bar was a plus - love the sweet peppers.

Tough call between Chubbys and Delessandro's cheesesteaks, but both are some of the best in Philly.

Chubbys does take credit card, which is nice in the 21st century.
Funny story... As we walk in, these teenage boys start sprint out... Couple seconds later we see the waitress come running out. A guy who happen to see the whole thing (a probably a regular) jumped in his truck and told the waitress he will get them...

This is Great cheese steak. This is why you go to Philly to get a cheese steak!

... While we get our cheese steak, the guy comes back and said the other customer that the waitress was serving was a cop and the cop nabbed them. And gave the waitress $50.. from the conversation I guess the tab was only half that!

Ok, ok, I am not a writer by nature... the story might be so so but the cheese steak was really great!!!
My friends and I order...40 min later the women finally realizes that she forgot to put our order in.  Doesn't tell us she forgot then put it at the back (you'd think she'd have the sense to put a rush on it...duh!).  Some dude walk by who appears to be a manager and has the nerve to ask us how are steaks were.  When we replied that we haven't gotten them yet he didn't seem to care at all and just shrugged it off. The customer service at Chubby's is horrible. 

Finally we left and went across the street to Dalessandro's...

Sorry not going back to Chubby's for a loooooonggggg time!
Excellent cheesesteaks, friendly staff and great environment.

The aspect of this joint that stands out is the variety of cheesesteaks that they serve up - classic (steak), chicken, veggie, mushroom, even a "pizza" one. As long as you are down for a Philly staple, Chubby's can't be beat.

TIP: For those out for a round at Walnut Lane Golf Club, plan on Chubby's for a post-game meal. It's a great way to cool down and relax.
Even as a gap toothed, tow head kid growing up in South Philly, cheese steaks were never a 'thing' for me. Meatball grinders, big, overflowing Italian hoagies, buck a slice pizza-yeh! The whole Pat's vs. Geno's and 'wiz wit' business? Nah. From pre-school to when I graduated art college and moved out of state, I probably ate less than a dozen cheese steaks.

I would see red when someone in another state where I was living would either recognize my accent or ask where I was from, and when they found out, would start what I called 'the cheese steak routine.' Either they would tell me the best place in that city to get "Philly steaks" (did I ask?),  they'd have to share that they were in Philly ONCE and got hooked on cheese steaks (puh-leeze), talk about how gross they thought Cheez Whiz on meat really was (do I care?) or guessed that I probably really missed eating cheese steaks (never). If it was not an encounter that required decorum or courtesy, I'd just walk away while this palaver was going on. It also never failed to piss me off that non-natives could only frame Philadelphia through a lens of The Bell, The Pretzel, The Team or The Cheesesteak. Feh.

Upon my prodigal and permanent return to the city of my birth, it was with great pleasure that I once again often tucked into my beloved meatball grinders and hoagies at various mom and pop places, each place having their own degree of uniqueness and an ability to offer me quiet joy in the consumption. 

After being back for half a year, a young and well meaning neighbor of my grandparents, upon hearing that their Warren had been so long away from the fold, offered to treat me to a few beers and a meal after I helped him put up washable wallpaper in his half bath. I basically did nothing but talk him through it; he did a stellar job on his own. I think he just wanted an audience for his papering prowess and then an excuse to grab some high carb, high fat grub to reward himself with me as a beard. My assumption was we'd go somewhere for burgers and that was okay with me. But we didn't.

We went to Chubby's.

My grands were known to get a hoagie or a cheese steak from D'Alessandro's (across the street) and split it once or twice a year when they were feeling young and reckless. I mentioned that to Mr. Neighbor who told me quite fiercely 'that place is crap; Chubby's has the goods.' Ummm. Well. Okay. Not my dime.

We pulled into the spasely populated parking lot. The 'crap' place across the street had a line of people winding way down the block. Chubby's was almost empty. Sort of old time diner-ish inside, plain, clean but not very welcoming.

I don't like or drink beer but when the sullen, suitably chubby waitress came to our table with her pen and pad, my new friend stopped me before I'd even looked at the menu and ordered for both of us with the pomp and authority of Columbus claiming some poor island for Spain. By now, we'd run out of things to talk about so we sat in silence and alternately read and re-read the menus and listened to one of the televisions. *sigh*

Draft beers arrived and shortly after were followed by 2 not so long, not so hefty cheese steak sandwiches. My roll was soft, unassuming and nothing special. Was it Amoroso or Sarcone's? Dunno. Was it bulging with rib eye? What ever the cut was, it was chopped pretty well, rather greasy, on the salty side and draped in what I took to be some bland American cheese.  Neither bountiful or beauteous, I picked it up again and forced myself to take another bite. It could have been a mid-Western simulacrum of a Philly cheese steak. It just existed-neither bad nor good.

Fortunately the hand cut fries were good. You know, crisp outside, soft and hot inside. Salted just enough. Great ketchup scoopers. My fellow diner was making short work of his sandwich and was about to order a second beer when I slid mine, untouched, over to him with a wink. The waitress had not been in sight since she dropped off our food. 

I made some excuse after checking my silent phone about needing to get back and was vague about where to or for what. I balled up my napkin and arranged it so it mostly hid my only gently bitten Chubby's cheese steak. Summoning up as much sincerity as I could, I said I hated to eat and run and was grateful for the meal. Mr. Neighbor smiled, waved me on and was reaching for my used sandwich as I sprinted out of Chubby's.

Looking both ways, I flew across Henry Avenue and joined the long but friendly line outside D'Alessandro's so I could get myself a hoagie.

The end.
I've never actually been to Chubby's store but my co-worker gets take-out from them about once a month for our shop.  I have had a cheesesteak with wiz and hot peppers, a steak with provolone and sauce, and a steak with provolone, sauce, hot peppers and onions.  Every sandwich has been totally loaded and delcious.  Be prepared for the fallout gut-bomb afterwards, they are just big, delicious, and what a Philly steak should be.
How can I ever lose weight when I love going to Chubby's. The steaks and chicken steaks are great!   I will go out of my way to have lunch at Chubby's.

The food is great and the servers make you feel like you're at home.  I highly recommend Chubby's.
Dude, this is the BEST PHILLY CHEESESTEAK EVER!

It's by far the best place I've been to and had in Philly. Definitely much better than Pat's or Gino's of South Philly (both places totally overrated and the service SUX at both)... the most comparable would be Jim's in South Street, but Chubby's is definitely my all time favorite.

It's also a MONSTROSITY of a Cheeseteak, you could probably share it, or if you're a fat a like me, you can take it, go ahead bring it on! Pile it with fried onions, hot peppers and I actually like it with swiss cheese!

Definitely definitely check this place out if you're in the area, and even if you ain't go and get one for sure you won't be disappointed.

And if you do go, bring me back one! =)

This is why I miss Philly!
Really good whiz cheesesteak, mediocre provolone cheesesteak.

My wife and I visited Philly for a quick weekend trip and to continue our path down the list of supposed "best" cheesesteaks in Philly. We'd now been to the obvious ones like Pat's and Geno's, but also visited numerous other recommended spots like John's Roast Pork, Steve's Prince of Steaks, Phillip's Steaks, Delassandro's, Campo's Deli and Sonny's Famous.

Chubby's is conveniently located across from it's neighborhood rival, Delassandro's. The restaurant has a small parking lot, which is great, considering many of the cheesesteak spots that we had been to didn't, with the exception of Phillip's. The interior is very much like a diner, with plenty of bar/counter seating at the entrance, and booth seating at the back for those who would like waiter service. On the day we visited, we took a seat right at the counter. For first-timers, like us, you might feel a bit lost once you walk in, but feel free to just sit your behind down at the counter if you don't need waiter service, which we didn't since we were just here for cheesesteaks.

We didn't look at much of the menu other than the cheesesteaks and sides. A regular cheesesteak was $9 (tax included), while the mushroom, pepper and pizza steaks were $9.50. The same held true for the chicken cheesesteaks as well. Pretty standard cheesesteak pricing these days.

I ordered the cheesesteak with onions and cheese whiz, while my wife ordered the cheesesteak with sharp provolone. First, a lot of chopped up steak was given in both orders, which is always appreciated. Both cheesesteaks were heavy and filled up with meat. Flavor-wise, the steak on both orders were OK, in that they could have used maybe a little more flavoring, but it wasn't bad. By far, the cheesesteak with cheese whiz was better, mainly because the meat was juicier and moist due to the oil trickling from the onions and the gooey cheese whiz melted all over. The steak in my wife's mushroom cheesesteak with provolone was much drier because we forgot to ask for onions on that one, so make sure to ask for onions! Also, the provolone cheese wasn't gooey like the cheese whiz.

We also shared an order of cheese fries, which came out nice and hot. The cheese whiz on the fries was a bit thick and hardened a little, but the fries were still good, we just wished the whiz was melted a little longer.

A few other notes, the service at Chubby's was quick and the folks working here didn't engage in much conversation with us, but they did their jobs servicing us as needed. Bottom line, we both agreed the whiz cheesesteak was tastier than the provolone cheesesteak, but both cheesesteaks were very filling and we loved that about them.
We've been going here for years.  The cheesesteaks are great, and their hoagies are full of meat and delicious.  They are open until at least 2am on weekends.  My favorite part about it is the self serve hot peppers.
I had my first official phili cheesesteak here!  I really dont have anything to compare it to, but it thought it was pretty tasty.  I also tried their "spicy twist fries" which was essentially thin curly fries.  I was hoping it would be spicy or have some sort of special spices but nada!  At least it was made fresh to order and was straight out of the fryer.  
Overall I would probably come back for another bite.  Maybe next time I'll try adding some of the additional toppings they have to offer!
Funny story: While I was in line ordering a cheesesteak from Dalessandro's (across the street) some guy rolls down his car window and screams "Chubby's is better!". We took his word for it and got in our car and drove right over to Chubby's immediately after. Unfortunately I did not get the gentleman in the car's name but I'd like to thank him because Chubby's is top 5 cheesesteaks in Philly (in my opinion). Great cheesesteak! Juicy and jam packed with flavor. Thankfully they don't skimp on the seasoning here and it doesn't go unnoticed. I can see Chubby's getting overlooked with it being located right across the street from Dalessandro's but do not sleep on Chubby's my people. It is RIGHT there with Dalessandro's. 

*Disclaimer- parking lot is pretty small and located on a very busy street so I best suggest parking on one of the side streets and walking over.
Cheesesteak yum! Friendly people, delicious Philly cheesesteaks, crispy fries and a beer served in a frosty glass (for my husband) we don't come often, but we are never disappointed when we do. I absolutely LOVE the pepper bar, all different levels of heat and texture.
There is something so wonderful about finding a new place to go to.  In Philly...the cheesesteak is king. Chubby's is located across the street from a highly publicized cheesesteak location.  I can say this much, you aren't missing out if you go to Chubby's.

The cheesesteak was loaded with meat, and the fries had a heaping portion of cheez wiz.  I could not be happier.  The only problem is...how can I go back to work?

If you are in the area, give Chubby's a try!
Solid cheesesteak joint right across its competitor Delassandro's which is good as well - can't go wrong with either! Chubby's does have the upside in terms of space with a full bar and booths to sit in, while Delassandro's is more cramped and has limited seating at the long counter with some tables to sit outside.  

I recommend any of their cheesesteaks - meat quality is above average and portion size is slightly larger than other cheesesteak joints.  I had the chance to try their twister fries, which I highly recommend. It has more flavor and a light crunch compared to the regular steak fries served here - you won't regret it! Can ask for cheese or other toppings on them to mix up the flavor/taste buds.  

Parking is spacious all around and servers are friendly - another go-to Philly cheesesteak joint when you're craving it!
Chubbys well this will go down in history for me, my first official cheese steak in phila.  and what an lasting impression it will be.  To sum up the time my family and I had here it was excelent.  The lady who took our order was acted like she knew us or we were her family.  
  We.needed a large table to fit all of us and no tables were empty.  She took our order first waited for us to sit Down and then order went to the cook.  I hate to admit it but half of the places back in CA would not have done that.  
  Wow the cheese steak was grrrreat.  The only thing I thought could have been diffrent was the cheese steak be a little wetter.  I added hot pepper to make it spicy.  At the end of our first phila meal our waitress asked if she could snap a pic of all of us for their face bol page.  She got us and a funny pic of the little one together.  

All of you's go here and eat a cheese steak and get chubby.
I would not recommend a steak from here. Normally I don't do bad reviews but this one was necessary. I was told to come here if i wanted a good steak and I did. If you're into flavorless, overfilled cheesesteaks , then this is your spot.
I'm used to going to the place across the street but when my friend came in from out of town I thought it would be a great opportunity to try something new. Boy was I wrong! 

#1 They don't give you your change back! They round it off. Um, am I supposed to tip the person taking my order at the counter when it's take out? 
#2 Something was really off. I said they put too much pepper on my steak and my friend didn't like the cheese they used.

I definitely won't be going back there!
Not bad for my first Philly Cheesesteak.   Great food, great service, great prices... overall, juuust great!

Perhaps it wasn't a five-star quality b/c we took it out instead of eating it in right then and there?  Well, there's only one way to answer that.... and that is to return for another soon!
My absolute favorite place to get a cheesesteak. I discovered Chubby's when I went to grab a steak at Dalesandros only to find that they were closed for vacation.  I went across the street to Chubby's and I've never looked back. 

I've had steaks from all over and I make it a point to drive out of my way to visit Chubby's.  Always fresh, juicy and cooked perfectly.  They also have a great variety of beers.  I usually take my food out but they do have counter service and a small seating area if you're lucky enough to get a seat.  I took some native Chicago-ans here to eat and they loved it.  They can't wait to vsiit again to go back.
So the other place across the street might be trending but Chubby's is more your local clientele...a no BS staff and 10 star sandwiches.

Okay we're talking chicken cheesteaks here! It's chopped up like I've never seen before and taste delicious. I went crazy on my sandwich with wiz and pepperjack cheese, hot peppers, sweet peppers and two kinds of sauces on the side....and a beer! A local one!

She tried to talk me out of getting all sloppy with the sandwich but I talked her back into it!

There's something to be said about chicken cheesesteaks in Philadelphia!
My favorite cheesesteak in Philly.  I found Chubbys after I attempted to go to Dallesandros on a Sunday (and they're closed) and found this gem across the street.

The cheesesteaks are delicious, huge.  They have great beer specials.  Can't beat it.
I love Chubby's!  as a PhilaU alumni, Chubby's and Dalessandro's Steaks were the go-to steak shops for us, not Pat's and Gino's.  The Manayunk atmosphere and true Philly style steak meat step up to the plate here at Chubby's.  
They get bonus points for having fries and for having nice seating with table service.  They also serve Hank's sodas here, which i love.   

the sandwiches are filled high with meat and the employees are always pleasant and helpful. You can also get parking in the small lot on the side, or street parking.

this is my second favorite philly cheese steak!  I dare you to try Chubby's in your quest for the perfect cheesesteak!
Chubby's is a pretty cool place. We made the trek from our hotel by the airport to get our favorite cheesesteak for the second time, Dalessandro's, but when we got there the line was out the door and it was packed in there so we said screw it, let's try Chubby's. 

The cheesesteak was pretty good, I got American without onions. The beef had good flavor but it could have used some more cheese, next time I'd probably order extra. The cheese fries were also pretty good. The seating area was really nice, we sat at the bar but there was also room at the booths, which seemed nice. 

Overall the cheesesteak wasn't on the same level as Dalessandro's, and the cheese fries weren't as good as Ishkabibble's, but I'd go back again because of the nice seating area if Dalessandro's is crazy packed and I wasn't absolutely dying for my favorite cheesesteak.

My current rankings:

1. Dalessandro's 
2. John's Roast Pork
3. Gooey Looie's
4. Cosmi's Deli
5. Joe's Steak & Soda Shop
6. Ishkabibble's 
7. Chubby's Steaks
8. Jim's Steaks South Street
9. Pat's King of Steaks
10. Geno's Steaks
Just wanted to update my last review.  Tonight I was forced to order my late night cheesesteak from Chubby's as my other spot was closed.  Let me just say that the cheesesteak was great!  I realized that I have been ordering cheesesteaks all wrong.  Previously, I have been ordering cheesesteaks with only fried onion, lettuce and tomato.  This time I ordered fired onions, fried peppers, fried mushroom, mayo and ketchup. What a difference!  The cheesesteak was better than my usual spot.  What was even better is that I don't have to have cash when I order here.  Sorry Chubby's for doubting you, it was my fault the whole time.  All I can say is that I was:  "making a bad cheesesteak"
True story this.  I was leaving New Orleans after the hurricane to come show my face to my friends and family to prove that I was not a refugee BUT, before I could go to see them, there was something I was craving after ten years in LA...a Chubby's Cheesesteak!  Yes... I stopped there FIRST before even seeing my Ma!  That should tell you how good these steaks are.  So why the missing star?

Well, I think that they have had a change in management since I remembered and I certainly see some differences in portion and even flavour.  But I also have to say that the service has diminished a little.  Now, I am not saying that I would throw my sandwich back at them if given one...nor would I drive past this venue and not stop and dine on a Sunday afternoon when it's competition, Dellasandro's is closed, but, I could not give full marks because I want my readers to know the best of Philly.  And Chubby's can do more because it used to!  
Still, if you happen to be in the Roxborough neighborhood, you have to get me a steak sandwich with fried onions, banana peppers, provolone, mayo, mustard, and ketchup!  (Did I just ruin this for you?)  YUM YUM YUM
One of the best cheesesteaks in Philly is no more.  They have new owners who changed the roll, and reduced the amount of meat.  Great cheesesteaks were their core competency, so why change the sandwich?  If it was a profit margin concern I would gladly pay more for the same great cheesesteak.

I gave them 3 stars because the people who work their are great, and they have a bar with a big TV for sports.  However, if your looking for a best in Philly cheesesteak you should look elsewhere.
There was a time when Chubby's was my favorite place to go. They were the first steak shop that was also a full bar! Imagine getting a cheese steak and a beer and a shot of tequila to top it off. The waitresses were fantastic not to mention cute ( whatever happened to Tracy :(   ) And the food was great. Last time I was there recently I wasn't as thrilled about it all as I used to be. Service was a tad bit slow and not as friendly as was. But all in all it is still a better steak than any pizza shop I know.
Went here after seeing that this place was voted one of the top cheesesteaks by Phl17.  Ended up getting the chicken cheesesteak.  It was large and really good.  As a loyalist to the place across the street I will say this cheesesteak held it's own.
I use to love Chubby's but as of 2/15/17 they have changed. Cheesesteaks are now more money if you sit down compared to ordering to go. NO MORE FREE REFILLS on soda or juices. NO MORE FREE REFILLS on pickles, hot peppers, or sweet peppers. You have to ask for them and they will give you one container full. In addition, you now have to ask for a key to use the restroom; which could be a little disgusting as to hold a key when everyone doesn't wash their hands. Ewwwwww. Not really sure if I'll be back as I was a frequent customer on Thursday nights. May have to visit Mama's on Belmont Ave.
Chubby's is one cool joint...It looks like a small version of a 50's diner with aluminum siding and everything...Most say that Delassandro's across the street is better, but although I love Delassandro's, I beg to differ...this is probably my favorite place in Philly to get a cheese steak, and I grew up in Philly, so this is saying a lot.

I love the grimy atmosphere, it is definitely far from fancy, but adds to the true Philly cheese steak experience. I love the little booths out back where you can sit down in "diner style" and eat. I love their drink selection--from lemonade to Yengling lager. 

My usual is a cheese steak with onions and provolone. Later, I may decide to "spruce it up" with some ketchup or sweet peppers and pickles on the side, these and more sides are available for free with no limit.

This place does get busy, but never fails to get me a seat within a reasonable time limit. The service is fast, although the friendliness level is rather lacking. But, once again, just like you would expect a true Philly "hole in a wall" type of cheese steak place to be...

Fries and onion rings are also excellent here and the availability of a small parking lot is truly a luxury in a city where parallel parking is where it's at...

Recommended joint if you are not put off by Philly grime (I mean it in a good way), and if you want AUTHENTIC and not touristy experience eating a cheese steak.
Definitely the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly . The meat is fantastic,the pickle/pepper bar is great and you can grab gas at the same time you pick up your food.
I keep ordering from Chubby's hoping that each time will be the time I get a good cheesesteak. That and the fact that they except credit cards.  Maybe its my fault I got to stop ordering hoagie cheesesteaks that come with lettuce tomato.  Each time its different: Sometimes I wondered if they forgot the cheese, or why there was so little meat or why meat was not even hot. Then I figured out the reason why there sandwich sucks, is because the lettuce and tomato are underneath the meat taking up too much space in the bread and also makes the meat cold.   I notice that there is alway a small amount of meat on the grill when they are making sandwiches. Is this because they are not busy or they are just cheap with the meat?  I don't know what it is, all I know is I am going to Delassandro's across the street from now on.  Even if I have to pay a surcharge at the ATM to get cash...its worth it.
went here a few days ago, ordered a buffalo chicken cheesesteak, and the boyfriend ordered a chicken steak with bbq sauce. both were served on a soft amoroso roll, with a generous amount of tender juicy chicken, and a good deal of sauce 
got a "huge" drink... it was rather large, a definite pro. 

overall, a pretty damn good place with decent prices, the only cons being that its a small place, so it may take you a minute to get seated [well worth it in my opinion] and that the parking lot spaces were also limited.
Wow.  Better cheesesteak than Pats, Genos and Jims combined.  

The place itself is different in that you sit down and a waiter(ress) takes your order.  I got an cheesesteak with american cheese and fried onions.  No accent necessary here with the 'wit' nonsense.  It took a good 10-15 mins but it was well worth it.  It's an abundance of meat but it doesn't lack in flavor at all.
A so-so cheesesteak - they always run a little dry - but a pretty great burger. The waitstaff can be pleasantly gruff, but it's that kinda diner - solid food, super cheap, take-out beer!
if you dont feel like waiting forever for d's, head over to chubbys across the street and grab a yueng and a quality steak
Seems like most people think of Chubby's as the ugly sister. Not really a fair assessment. While Dalessandro's has more of a reputation, it has had its ups and downs. Meanwhile, Chubby's has consistently churned out quality food across the years.

With Chubby's, you know what you are getting: a good cheese steak. They also have an assortment of beers available, albeit a bit pricey. Nonetheless, you will not go wrong with either Chubby's or 
Dalessandro's.
I stopped in here because Delassandro's was closed on a Sunday.  I never read anything about Chubby's until I realized Delassandro's was closed and looked on yelp.

I never had a Philly Cheesesteak served to me by a waitress before.  That was kinda weird.  But anyway, the steak was great.  I got a steak with onions and whiz.  The meat was even tasty just by itself!  I definitely can't decide whether or not I like this better than Jim's.

Only thing is, I don't see myself driving all the way out here just to get one of these....I just happen to be by a friend's out who lived less than 5 minutes away.

Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area!
THE BEST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY! Seriously do not take this lightly, others may claim to be the best but can't compare.
It's very good. I lean towards a finer chop to tgethe meat & onion, which the nearby competitor does but don't count Chubby's out. Quick service, comparable prices and decent food.
A good alternative when d'alessandro's is too packed! 
I ordered a plain steak with mushrooms, peppers, and onions and added hot sauce. I liked that the steak was chopped extra finely but I think the meat was a smudge overcooked sauce it was less tender and soft and more crunchy with a bite to it. The bread was really fresh also!
Ill say that besides Sonny's in Old City, this is the second best cheesesteak in Philly. 

The meat was plentiful and the wiz was on par. The atmosphere is a little weird in chubbys but I like the full bar. Also the fries were delicious.

Don't waste your money across the road, chubbys is your best bet outside of Sonny's.
The steaks are almost as good as Dellasandro's across the street, plus you can get a seat, they have bangin' onion rings, and they're open on Sundays.  Plus they have their own lot so you don't have to try to park on Henry Ave.
Like Pat & Geno in S.Phil, they have Dale & Chubby out in Roxborough. We decided to do a taste comparison between the two.

First, Chubby's has fries and Dale's does not. Plus for Chubby's.

The Chubby's fries are NOT batter-dipped, another plus for C's.

D's is cash only, but Chubby takes my plastic. Yet another plus for Chubby's.

Our approach was along a one way residential street. Even on a week night (no holidays or anything happening), the parking was pretty crowded. People constantly coming and going for pick up at both places.

Both places were about a 15-min wait for our food.

Unlike D's, Chubby's did cut my sandwich like it needed to be cut.

Chubby's meats and onions were more flavorful than D's, but still not the best. D's did give us a fresher roll.

Maybe it was an off night, but we failed to taste the hype at either place.

Where would I go instead for a cheesesteak? Sonny's in C-city. John's Roast Pork on the waterfront. (In the burbs?) Chick's in NJ, or Westtown Meat Market in West Chester PA.
I'm basing this review ONLY upon the most basic of cheesesteaks: provolone cheese, steak, and bread.

Type of Meat: Pulverized

Cheesiness:  This place had a good cheese-to-meat ratio.

Gristle Factor: Low to Moderate.  There were definitely some crunchy moments that grossed me out a bit.

Value for Price: It's a good sized, filling cheesesteak, well worth what I paid for it.

X-Factor: This establishment has a parking lot.

Final Verdict: Honestly, if you're going cheesesteak shopping, this place gets the job done, but it's my opinion that you're better off rocking across the street to Dalessandro's.
Solid cheese steak, but NOT AS GOOD as DELASANDRO's. Fora purely objective taste test, I ate a chubby's steak and del's steak side by side simultaneously for direct comparison. Delassandro's came out on top and beats chubby's by at least a full star. Did it again a year later and came to the same conclusion as did my girlfriend. For you non-believers, bring a friend and order one cheesteak from both Del's & Chubby's, split them so you have half from both fine establishments. Try one then try the other. If you still think Chubby's is better you may need to have your taste buds examined. Dels= better meat, slightly better bread, same cheese ( del puts more on).
A long time favorite of mine and after visiting for the first time in about 2 years I can say that it's still good. 

Quick and friendly service, amazing fries, consistent traditional and chicken cheesesteaks. I recently discovered that they have THE BEST ONION RINGS I'VE EVER TASTED!!! Unfortunately they stole the show yesterday because they were so good. Hot, not too greasy, crispy, well seasoned, put together well (i.e. the onion didn't come out when I took a bite), and a great dipping sauce on the side.

I recommend this city icon and local favorite!

*WARNING*
The parking lot is small and the left turn (if your going North on Henry Ave) to get into the lot is tough because of the busy street. I recommend making a left at the next block and coming down Henry Ave (Southbound) so you can park on the street or a side street. I used to live in the are for about 10 years. Trust me unless you're up for a little adventure.
The cheesesteak meat + provolone were so dry. So flavorless.

The beer was so cheap. So cold. (You can get a craft beer for $3.25).

You're better off across the street. Sorry folks.
Very Friendly Staff the Cheesesteak had good flavor and Cheese. The only complaint i have is not enough Meat
I kept driving by this place and thought with a name like that, they gotta be good. So last week I finally pulled in. Ordered via my phone ( Covid crap) and ordered a cheeseburger special.  I know I know.. why not a cheesesteak... because I felt like a big juicy burger that's why. And it was delicious and the counter person was great. Even waiting outside making friends with other waiting patrons was nice. It's far from where I live but when ever I'm near by imma gonna get me some Chubbys  lol
Well it's settled!!

13 years ago I'm moved from center city to Mt. Airy. In doing so, the research I had done to qualify Tony Luke's as the best "downtown" cheesesteak was useless. I was now a philly burbs guy and needed a new place out this way. Ask around and many will immediately suggest Delasandros. But I had gone there some 20 years ago and was hugely disappointed. 

We decided to give the lesser know Chubby's a try and were pleasantly surprised. It's was a solid cheesesteak. Fine chop, no gristle, great flavor. Add in their peppers in oil and I was sold. Unfortunately they don't deliver to my hood so we have occasionally gotten cheesesteaks from closer shops with limited success and  slightly acceptable alternatives. 

Last night we had friends over and decided to get some cheesesteaks. We suggested Chubby's while they suggested the more popular Delasandros. We settled on a cheesesteak-off!!

We called Chubby's and ordered 3 cheesesteaks and were told they would be ready in 15 minutes. Then we called Delasandros. They took our order but told us they won't put it in until we show up in person. When I arrived the line was out the door and no one knew what was going on. It turns out there are several lines. I found the right one for phone-ins, gave my name, and my order was put in cue. After standing in shoulder to shoulder crowds for 45 minute, I got my food.

So obviously, chubby's was easier from a service standpoint. I doubt I would ever put myself through that nonsense at Delasandros unless the food was mind-boggling.

I got home. We cut all 6 cheesesteaks in half. Game  on. The results were unanimous. While the rolls were a tie, Chubbys was the winner for all 6 of us. The cheese was better. The meat had more flavor. 

My house was always convinced Chubby's makes the better steak and the other family are now Chubby's converts. The best part is that most people still line up like sheep for Delasandros. They have no idea. And that's ok. I can walk in and out in seconds with the best cheesesteak in the Mt Airy area!!!
Well damn. This was my first time having cheesesteak in 10 years. I tell you the sandwich was amazing. The sauce, how the meat was cooked, and the flavors marry each other in harmony.  The bread was soft and delicious.  

My opinion may not matter so much since I am from Virginia and have not had very many cheese steaks.
The poor tourists head to Pats & Genos & Jims....UGH.

Philadelphians and others in the know dig Chubbys...the steaks (beef & chicken) the burgers...the crispy fries..the hoagies...OMG...all good
The delicious "pepper & pickle bar"...um um um!

They also have a lil bar and tap and have craft beers you can buy, and theres always a interesting assortment of people coming and going..love love love this place.
Ever since i was a kid, my dad and I would do this:
split a cheesesteak at Delassandro's, if we're still hungry, go across the street to Chubby's and split a hoagie.
Now I do that with whoever i'm in the area with.
Chubby's has amazing hoagies.
That's all I've ever had from there, it's like heaven.
From the outside this place doesn't look like much but anyone who has eaten there knows looks can be deceiving. The food is phenomenal. Honestly I don't know why anyone bothers going to pats or genos when this place is for sure better. The cheesesteaks are smothered in cheese and extremely large. French fries and onion rings are crispy and big enough for sharing. There is also a small pickle and pepper bar available as well as alcohol. The bar reminds me of a 50s style diner. The place is small though so you may have to wait for a table if you go during a busy time but it's definitely worth it.
A solid cheesesteak. I was going to try DeAliss across the street- but they had 20 people in line and I wasnt going to waste 1/2 an hour sitting around.
No line at chubbys. Roll was good-crisp on the edges and tasty. Nice portion of meat. Fresh raw onions that I require. The cheese was my only complaint. I requested sharp provolone and I couldnt even taste the cheese. Price around 11.88 with tax was fine.

So I rate my cheesesteaks on a 1-9 basis, because nothing is even close to a 10 to me. Charles Water Wheel(sansom st) and Nardis in Berlin NJ were both 10s or as spinal tap would say- an eleven!  Both proprietors died long ago and the quality was also lost at that time and in my opinion, never to be duplicated in the Philly area.
Have been to Johns Roast pork a few times and at this time, consider them the best in the area. They get a solid 9.

So my rating of Chubbys is a 7.5. I would eat there again, but have many others to try in the meantime. As an aside, I give Gooey Louies a 7. Nothing special and wont return there. Anything below a 7 really isnt worth talking about.
Ok, so we're in Philly and obviously you can't visit Philly without getting a cheesesteak. I went to school here and have heard oodles about Tony Lukes, Pats, Dalessandro's etc. my personal favorite place in South Philly was too far away to bring my good friends visiting from NY and NJ and to be honest we didn't feel like waiting 30-45 mins for any of the ones mentioned so, we settled on Chubbys. Wish I had sucked it up and been patient. 

Ordering was easy enough, or so we thought. I have never been before and no one explained the process so we walk in and I order and then proceed to try and sit inside to wait, Philly was WINDY yesterday and sitting outside just didn't make for a comfort meal. We were told that I had ordered from the "take out section" and couldn't sit down to eat inside even though the 2 other people I was with hadn't ordered yet and would have been willing to order at the table. Strike one. 
My friends order their food and then we wait outside for our names to be called over the loud speaker. Once they call us we then proceed to go over to a tent area outside to get away from the wind and eat our food. We were then told that we couldn't sit in the tent area outside either because that's for waitress ordering....THERE WAS NO ONE. Not a single soul in the tent or section, nor anyone waiting to be sitted that we would be taking a table away from. We were hungry, cold and tired and all we wanted to do was eat our food while it was hot in an enjoyable environment. We then had to settle on eating on some benches outside the restaurant while the wind blew and it totally dampened our experience. 

After all this the food itself was C+ quality at best, my cheesesteak hoagie barely had any cheese on it, the meat was kinda "mealy" and the order of fries we had were so small. $4 for a McDonald's sized small fry? Laughable. For all the attitude and inhospitality we experienced with Chubbys I finally understand why they come in the latter places of Philly Cheesesteak choices in Philadelphia. Back in the day I heard they were good but attitude and food have clearly gone to the crapper and I will not return. Go across the street to Dalessandro's. Longer wait time but at least you'll have a hot tasty cheesesteak to make up for it.
Just average... Not what I remembered. Couldn't get in to Dalessandro's, chubby's had parking and was fairly empty. I found out why. Service was very slow. Meat was mehh, roll wasn't good, seemed like a run of the mill Amorosos roll, mushrooms were canned, cheese whiz wasn't even really hot. All just seemed like what I could get from a lunch truck or school cafeteria. That and drunks at the bar groping each other. Just not a good scene to take the family out for a steak sandwich.
I find their steaks to be better than the place across the street. I particularly like that you can get your steak sandwich in a wrap. Staff is always friendly and helpful. It's the perfect neighborhood steak joint.
French fries were on point.

Cheesesteaks were super meaty.  Like they put a lot of meat in there.  A little under-seasoned, perhaps?  But that's not a big deal as you can salt and pepper it to your heart's content.  Looks like you can get beer or shots if that's your thing too.  We (family of 5) sat at the bar and received awesome and friendly service.

Clean bathrooms, plenty of seating, and convenient parking are also available.
Chubby's was very small but very pleasant to be in!! My server Holly was adorable and made me laugh 
The food was really good, I had the Tarantini Panzarotti and it was NOT what I expected!! It's like a large hot pocket/fried ravioli and it was super interesting to eat!
My friends got two cheese steaks that they finished  them way before I even finished my beer!!! It was a little slow to get my food but this place was packed. So deff reccomend coming here ^^
Real natives of Philly don't waste their time with the tourist deciding Pat's or Geno's! Real natives are forced to decide Chubby's, Delasondros or Jim's !  For me it's Chubby's.

An excellent sandwich with free add your own peppers and pickles!  Tired of cheesesteaks ?  Their wings are outstanding !
Why haven't I reviewed Chubby's?! Living in Roxborough has allowed me to feast on both Chubby's and Dalessandro's (across the street) and I love both of their cheesesteaks. Neither beat Max's but they definitely beat those other big guys like Tony Luke's *gags*. Anyways, Chubby's is better than Dalessandro's in that you may be able to find a seat. Also, wait staff is great idk what those other reviews are talking about. This isn't a 5 star restaurant people it's a local joint, chill out. Anyway, if you're going to come to Philly to find "a great cheese steak" you might as well take the trek up to Roxborough if you can't get to Max's. The lines at pats & genos are ridic and this way you can say you've embarked on a true Philly experience. But after you eat your cheese steak go back towards the city not much to do round these parts.
Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, hands down.

Great steak joint. Very cool divey ambiance. Got a bar with a few taps and tv's with sports on. The cheesesteak was amazing though. Everything was perfect, the meat, the peppers, the cheese. It all came together to make a perfect cheesesteak.

If not for the health implications, I'd eat Chubby's cheesesteaks every meal. So for now, i'll just have to save them for that special once-in-a-while treat.
yeah, almost as good as Dellassandro's. almost as good as that makes this a damn good steak though.  and they do have good onion rings, and the curly fries also. open sunday is good because steaks can and will make you lazy.
Was visiting Philly today and decided to stop for a cheesesteak. This was my first time eating here and over all it wasn't bad. The only downside was they messed up my order. Although it wasn't what I ordered the cheesesteak itself wasn't bad. I'm not sure how soon I'll be back but I wouldn't be opposed to giving them a second chance.
I have to say the cheesesteak was extremely disappointing.  I barely ate half of it and then asked for an order of fries so I could fill up my belly with something good.  They do have good fries but definitely go across the street to Dalessandro's where they have sharp provolone and much better peppers.  Also, the service at Dalessandro's is by FAR so much better (over the top - better) than Chubby's.  The women in there carry on their own conversation while you are trying to have your dinner and wait on them to get done so they can serve a drink you've been waiting on for 7 minutes.  Don't wast the money.
Couple years ago I asked some college students from Temple U. where there's a good cheesesteak that serves beer too in Philly. Some of the popularly known places on the south side don't. Chubby's was a recommendation. Way up northwest Philadelphia! So far off the beaten path, is it worth it? Into Google Navigation. My oh my, not a big place. Parking was small and full too. Drove around and found decent parking with a short walk along the park on Walnut Ln. 

Inside, again small and cozy. The aroma is seductive. You know upon first sight this is going to be a favorite. Yes, beer. One visit during an Eagles game, all draft beers were $2. 

The cheesesteaks are as reported here, the best you will find anywhere. When I go elsewhere Chubby's is my Gold Standard. Usually disappointed as for whatever reason, price, size, taste, doesn't match Chubby's. No pepper bar! The ambiance too. This feels like a clubhouse, a place for locals. Judging from the out-of-state license plates, this is known by serious aficionados as the place in Philly to go. 

Staff are great. 

I cannot keep doing 5 star reviews. 4.5 stars? Chubby's is 5 star.
Honestly, I stop in to Chubby's about twice a week if not more.  No, I am not "pleasantly plump" because of that...I do not eat a cheese steak that often.  Truth is, it is right on my way home from work, and they have decently priced drinks as well!!! Isaac and I have become Chubby's regulars...lol.  We love the staff!!!

As for the food: 
I would say they have one of the best cheese steaks around.  Sometimes it is better then others, but that's everywhere.  The rest of the menu is good too!  I was hesitant at first to try their tuna...I am always scared to try the tuna.  However, I have to tell you the make the best tuna sandwich, outside of my mom of course.  Also, the burgers are pretty good.  Only complaint I have is that sometimes the rolls are to soft.  Other then that this place is great.

Service: A+
Food: A-
Atmosphere: C+ 
Prices: A

Overall: A
