Totally worthy of all the hype and definitely worth all of the 5 star ratings!! This place will sustain me all winter! Yum!! 

I've been to hotpot places before, but never have I seen this type of variety of food for cooking, a conveyor belt AND tasted this kind of flavor!! I've also never seen a pot for each person! This place is the coolest!! 

 I loved concocting my own sauce with a ponzu base they give you at the beginning of the meal. I added garlic, scallions, crushed peanuts, sesame oil and hot chili oil. This added to their vegan mushroom broth was complex and totally outrageous!! 

My fam also ordered the other vegan broth, which was a creamy tomato and hubs ordered the 'Hellfire' in entry spiciness, and even that was quite hard to handle. Watch the spice level, you could easily just add chili oil if you need more kick. Each broth came with some added veggies and seasoning. 

So this is the only hot pot place in the world with A5 quality wagyu beef. They take their meat VERY seriously here. Hubs enjoyed his thin sliced angus brisket and huge tiger shrimp thoroughly. There's some crazy stuff on the menu like duck flippers and beef throat, which admittedly freaked me out a bit. 

Fellow veg-heads, fear not however, there's a TON of options for us!! For instance, their beautiful mixed mushroom basket that blew my mind. Also there's more than 4 types of tofu and over a dozen noodles including green tea, sweet potato, purple yam aka ube. Needle, glass, wide potato...and so on.  

They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more and the wait on a Saturday night can be well over an hour. You can however just check in via iPad at the entrance and stroll Chinatown a bit until they text you! We somehow got super lucky during Lunar New Year festivities and wound up with only 3 parties ahead of us. 

Enjoy B1G1 conveyor belt dishes during Happy Hour 9:30-11:30pm M-F and one free conveyor belt item with Yelp check-in. 

*Be sure to check the belt as bok choy, tofu, some mushrooms and shrimp are on there and are $1 or so less expensive. 

Kids broth is half price. My 7 & 9 year old got a kick out of everything. Def bring the (bigger)kids!

I'm quite impressed with quality, the portion sizes, the powerful flavor, the over all cool vibes, the beautiful presentation, the vegan options, and the option to make your meal as health conscious as you choose! I'm now a huge fan, as is the entire fam! We will definitely be back soon! I want this at my house for everyday consumption!! Soooooo good!!
Don't come here and expect to ever look at hot pot or steak the same wagyu will not be able to, trust me. Chubby Cattle is just a cute way of saying how I felt after this meal (like a fat cow).

The Competition:
I've been to hot pot at a few different places in Philly (Nine Ting, Simply Shabu) and other places, and this place definitely meats (no, exceeds) expectations. They have certainly upped the steaks. The decor is fun and the place is nice inside, there is a conveyor belt(!) of things to put in your pot (if you have a smaller party), and the menu is extensive (and expensive, and in some cases, on ipads at your table). Price-wise, our bill was about $50 per person, which is a lot for hot pot, but the food was better quality than what you pay to all you can eat elsewhere AND we got some of the fancier stuff (twice). They are getting a liquor license so they are not BYO and have no alcohol at the moment. They do have coconut water in coconuts though!

The Food:
You can pick from 5 or so different broths (original, spicy (with 3 spice levels), tonkotsu miso, tomato and oxtail, beautiful tomato, and mushroom (last 2 are vegan)) and you get your own personal little pot, so if for some reason, you've allowed yourself to keep being friends with vegans, they don't have to ruin the experience! You will burn your mouth on the broth though because it looks so good and you'll want to eat it all. You can turn down your burner, but I promise you. It's just going to happen. Their focus is on wagyu beef, and it comes in skewers, tartare, nigiri (topped with uni or foie gras!), or of course, raw (but also with a raw egg spread around it which makes it super delicious) to cook in your hot pot. All were delicious but the uni wagyu nigiri was so good, we had to get a second order. We also (like Mary) had a little lamb, which was also very good. The presentation is awesome- dry ice billowing out of dishes, ice sculptures, orchids adorning adorable baskets of mushrooms and veggies, colorful rainbow dumplings (purple yam, spinach, and tomato) and colorful noodles (green tea, purple yam, and tomato). The Seafood Combo Platter included lobster tail, shrimp, scallop, clams, mussels, and cod and was a big portion. You can also add your own toppings to ponzu sauce for dipping (unlike other hot pot places I've been, this is the only sauce option, no peanut, sesame, hoisin, sriracha here, but honestly the meat and broth were so good we didn't need the sauce.) One sad thing is that this place is high class so they don't have ramen, but their colored noodles are made in house and so good, for the first time, you'll be asking for more noods. They also have a few hot dishes like fried rice if you're not into hot pot.

The Service:
Was great! Our waiter ShanShan gave us bibs, kept our broth pot full, did not let us go hungry, and did not judge our messy area. I like that they tell you exactly the wagyu should cook the meat (15 seconds for wagyu, 10 minutes for dumplings, 5-7 minutes for noodles). This place has only been open for a short time and it was busy! There were people lined up the whole time on a Tuesday night.

If you're thinking, I have beef with your meat puns, go awaygyu are in luck because that's all this chubby cattle has for you!
This is probably my second favorite restaurant in Philly! I always take out of town guests here and frequent this location myself. My take on hot pot is not all-you-can-eat, but the quality of meats. They have the best wagyu selection, though a little pricier but soooo good and worth it. The meats really melt in your mouth, and they come with this special dipping sauce that I'm obsessed with. Their selection of hot pot items are complete, and I love the small individualized size pots. I really do miss their pre-covid conveyer belts though....because the selection of items on the belt were slightly cheaper than a whole order from the menu, and I can pick more items without worrying I won't finish. It's definitely a must-try if you're a hot pot veteran or newbie! 

Don't forget to make reservations, tables are limited and they're quite popular!
The well-known Las Vegas eatery Chubby Cattle has come to Chinatown in Philly.  And though in general I have never been a huge fan of hot pot, I really liked this place.  First of all Chubby Cattle looks cool - lots of wood here gives it a warm feeling.  Secondly I like their  individual hot pot system.  I have never really enjoyed the communal pot for the table where every one cooks together and the pot gets pretty gross in my opinion.  Here I could have my very own cooker.  I could prepare everything at my speed, flavoring the broth just as I like, and also know where I put various items in the cooking pot and have them actually be there when I decided they were finished.  Also there was no great emanations of steam as I have often experienced in other shabu shabu restaurants.  It's a very good system.  

I chose a spicy broth as my base. Chubby Cattle use delicious Wagyu beef and that cooked beautifully in the spicy broth.  I added in some udon noodles and baby bok choi and my meal was complete.  I love making my own sauce as I did here beginning with a ponzu base ... I just would like to have the option of making two distinct sauces so I could vary the flavors. Tip for the restaurant - offer to provide a second sauce bowl for each customer and leave the sauce ingredients a little bit longer on the table before taking them away.  btw - Service was great and helpful.  

Chubby Cattle became quite crowded while I was there.  Now I know why!
Holy hot pot of deliciousness Batman! Just go in, order, and you'll be satisfied ! Trust me. Stop reading this, and get in there! Why are you still reading this? How much more do you need from me? I'll make this easier for everyone when I say this...Chubby Cattle is on point. 

It is safe to say you will be ordering their hot pot or pots, along with an array of delicious well prepared dishes. This is what I enjoyed that evening, and yes everything on that menu is a must order my friends. 

* House Original Pot with their hand drawn noodles.
* Mushroom Pot with their Udon noodles.          
* Fresh vegetables.
* An assortment of meats of prime rib, pork belly, and beef brisket. 
* Mixed mushroom basket.
* Rainbow Wagyu Soup Dumplings. (GET IT)
* Foie gras Ishiyaki Bibimbap with a fried egg added to it.
* Wagyu nigiri, and a wagyu foie gras nigiri. The presentation alone is worth the order. 

Chubby Cattle is a must visit my friends. I must say Brandon was our server that evening. He made sure we were fully accommodated, even with a full house. That right there would make anyone come back when you know your server hasn't forgotten about you. I know I plan on coming back to take another stab at that impressive, mouthwatering menu.  

Review over, no get yourself a table and enjoy.
Some things to be made aware of before coming here: this place is expensive for what little they give. Lots of showy presentation in their food. They could have instead spent more into adding flavor, because everything tasted similar. There is also no sauce bar. They give you all base sauces and then you can add extra stuff like garlic or sesame oil to it, then they take it away. So not the variety of sauces I was looking for. Another thing is that if you have a group larger than 4, then you can't sit next to the conveyor belt. Conveyor belt only really showed veggies when I was there. False advertisement with the conveyor belt and absence of a sauce bar, as well as lack of flavor, so I docked 2 stars. I docked another star for the high price and small portions. I have honestly tried other hot pots in the city with cheaper prices and the taste is at least the same. One star for the great service (even though our order was messed up once, no knives were given when we asked, and we were suggested dishes that were totally not worth it), half a star for the pretty appearance of the meat and sushi combos (even though they were super expensive for such little to eat, but this is what Way our server suggested to us...), and half a star for the taste of their broths. 

Tl;dr - Focused on making things look pretty. Ask how much you're getting with each dish, even the combos. Not recommended for larger groups of 4. Don't come hungry because portions are small. Great service. Be prepared to empty your wallets big time.
This place was for sure 5 stars. So much so that I'm about to say a bunch of negative things that were out weighed by the food!

We got the booth in the very far right of the restaurant and I literally could not sit in the seat away from the door. There was no space between the wall where the seat was pressed against and the hot pot table. I had to switch seats with my girlfriend because I actually couldn't get in so I don't know how thats allowed to be a seat. Also, you are technically supposed be able to fit 4 in that booth. 

Also, instead of a big hot pot in the middle everyone gets a personal pot which I didn't like but that was just a stylistic thing. Finally the price adds up but I'd say it was worth it. 

The beef combo is for sure the move. It was like 25 bucks for 16 oz of really good cuts of beef. It tasted like nothing else I've ever had before. We got two broths, the tonkotsu which was the best hot pot broth i've ever had an the entry level hellish spicy broth. Entry level still had a good kick to it. Udon noodles were great, nice and chewy but the real star were the rice cakes. It was sort of like korean Ddukbokki but shaped differently. Shrimps were great, they were already cut so it wasn't super hard to eat them. 

I sort of rambled this review but it was amazing and definitely going back!
I've been struggling to write this review as much as a struggled being food drunk following my dining experience at Chubby Cattle.  Mind you, it is not that I don't have tons to say, its more than I don't fully know how to express my overwhelming positive experience.  Here is my best attempt, which will surely leave some details out.

We arrived and were seated at a wonder hot pot table. While our group was too large to pull direct from the food conveyor, available for smaller parties, that is itself truly a neat addition to the Philadelphia food scene.  Our wait staff, Shanshan and Jason, stepped up to manage this foodie heavy table with all our questions and requests.

If you are going hot pot, which of course you will be after hearing more, you start by picking your soup base.  Our table had one of nearly every option, with yours truly opting for the mushroom base.  Mind you, I'm not vegan or even vegetarian but knew there would be plenty of meat coming.  I think it balanced the meal well, but had some food envy with the tonkotsu. From there, you pick meats, veggies, and noodles to dip.  We had the lamb, wagyu with egg, and seafood combo joined by the veggie and mushroom combos.  We also got the rainbow noodle (green tea, purple yam, and tomato) and rainbow dumplings (those plus carrot and egg is I remember correctly).

As we waited for our noodles and veggies to 'cook' in the soup, we were given individual dipping sauces and a rack of options to customize it with.  Again, hats off to our wait staff for putting up with my silly questions.  I like to think my sauce came out the best, but ended up using it sparingly because the ingredients themselves were so fresh and good.  

The waygu with egg is a must order, as is the lamb.  I was very impressed with the seafood combo, which included lobster, calms, scallops, and more, however, as it arrived last (to avoid cross-contamination) I found myself a bit too full to enjoy.

We didn't stop at hot pot.  Chubby Cattle offers a few other options including wagyu sushi, skewers, and appetizers.  The skewers went quickly, but I preferred doing the cooking (with the hot pot).  The sushi, well we had to get seconds (and considered thirds).  You can check out the menu for the various options, but if you like uni you cannot beat the wagyu uni!  Also, if you are a tartare fan like me, of course you are going to order wagyu tartare.  However, if not, double down on some of the hot pot meats!

I'll admit to not getting to take a peak at the bill, so cannot comment on the overall price, but could definitely feel the value as I nearly had to be rolled out the door.  I'll be back again later this month to have my family experience this pleasure right before our holiday routines!
I really, really wanted to like this place. In fact, I wanted to fall in love with this place because it is so aesthetic and cool concept compared to most hot pot places around. However, I can't say that's what happened. 

I managed to grab a table last week with my boyfriend. This is what we ordered:

-Tonkatsu Miso Broth (my boyfriend)
-Tomato Oxtail Broth (me) 
-Wagyu Rainbow Dumplings 
-Wagyu Short Rib W/Egg 
-Wagyu Beef Skewers 
-Items for Hot Pot: Noodle Combo, Udon Noodle, Beef Tendon Balls, Fried Tofu Sheets, Fish Tofu, Quail Eggs, Watercress, Enoki Mushrooms, Wood Ear Mushrooms (I might have missed a few more)

Taste: 

Everything was okay. Tomato oxtail broth was just average, (I've actually had better tomato oxtail at an all you can eat place in University City) and needed a lot more flavorful. I tried the Tonkatsu miso broth and it tasted like a croissant, which I was not a fan of, but my boyfriend enjoyed. 
Rainbow dumplings and skewers were good, but I found after the fact that neither were A5 grade wagyu beef. So if you're paying a premium price for each item for not the best quality of wagyu, it's just not worth the price point for the actual food your receiving. Especially since you don't receive much on the skewer or dumpling. The dumpling you also have to cook on your own, and do not come steamed (which would have probably made them better in my opinion).

The Wagyu Short Rib with the Egg tasted comparable to most beef slices you would get at any other hot pot restaurant, minus the egg. Which makes sense since again, it's not A5 quality wagyu like it was advertised by the waiter.

The noodle combo is very pretty and colorful on the floating display, but it's not the hand drawn noodle you're expecting. The noodles were dry to touch and when you cook them in the broth they aren't that flavorful at all (you would never know they were flavored if they didn't tell you). The udon was much better, which is crazy because I'm pretty sure it was prepackaged compared to their hand drawn noodles. 

Service: 

The service was great. Our waiter was very nice and hospitable as well as the other waiters that we interacted with. One thing that was a bit off putting though was the owner reaching out to me via Instagram after writing in my caption that my food was just okay. 

I get it, as an owner you want the best representation of the restaurant you own. You want people to love it as much as you do and try the specialty products that make it shine. Trust me, I do get it, and I agree that if you go to a restaurant you should try the specialty products if you can. 

But nobody even distinguished the items that the owner mentioned on the menu or in person by waiters, that they were must try items. Also, a hot pot restaurant shouldn't have to use the hype of wagyu and pretty aesthetics for people to love the restaurant. Certain specialty items shouldn't be the end all be all of the restaurant either.  
 
If you are a hot pot restaurant you should make sure the broth is beyond average and items are reasonable priced based on quality of the food. It's sad to leave a restaurant spending nearly $200 only to feel disappointed and unsatisfied. 

TLDR: 

If you are going for aesthetics and wagyu go once and try the specialty items. If you are going for quality hotpot, then it's not worth your money. There are other better and more reasonably priced hot pot places in Chinatown (I have been to all of them and can attest to this), and even University City.
FYI: Put your name down on the iPad by the front door to be added to their waiting list! Also, the iPad above the table is just another menu, in case y'all are wondering.

PROS: You come for essentially 2 things: the novelty of the whole idea of "conveyor belt hot pot" and the wagyu beef. Literally that's it. Granted the beef is probably one of the better hot pot meat I've had in all my years of eating hot pot. It's pretty soft and melts in your mouth. Tastes better if you dip it into their house made yuzu sauce thing (which by the way was the star of the meal). The convenience of the whole thing is pretty great: you see an item you want on the belt and you take it. Our waiter was also an absolute gem. So nice and really attentive. The whole thing is definitely a fun thing to do maybe like...once.

CONS: Where do I even begin. For starters, they don't got a sauce bar. The waiter will come around with this big tray of sauces and you take from that. Then they take it away. So basically, you either leave that thing on your table and have it take up literally 75% of the space on your table or you let the waiter take it back and are sauceless halfway through your meal if you don't make enough. We also ordered some pork belly with our wagyu and that thing came in the most pathetic little slices. Like so small and so thin that you can't taste nothing after you put it in your pot. To be honest, I lost half of them in there. They also don't tell you what items are gonna be on the conveyor belt. When we went, we basically saw the same couple of items being offered on it (mainly fish balls and veggies with a few spams, tofus, and eggs). You can still order items from the menu but it'd be helpful to have some kind of like "conveyor belt" list of items or something to let you know what'll be on it so you can plan out what you order a la carte. Let me also just say that even when you order a la carte, the portion sizes vary from too much (they gave us a whole butt load of quail eggs) to LITERALLY NOTHING. Don't judge me but I actually counted how many strands of potato noodles we got cause it looked really empty in the bowl. THERE WAS ONLY LIKE 12 STRANDS! 12 STRANDS! EXCUSE ME???And lord have mercy...THE PRICE. IT AINT WORTH IT PEOPLE. It's really not. My husband and I ate less than what we usually eat at Little Sheep and had to pay MORE. Besides the wagyu beef, everything else didn't taste any different from another hot pot place in Chinatown so essentially, you're paying more to eat the same food but a lesser portion. Their stock was also...mildly flavored at best. Like dawg...if all you really have to offer me is one choice of good meat and a conveyor belt with like the same 8 items circulating around it, you better not be charging me those ridiculous prices.
Wow! This has to be one of the cleanest premium decorated restaurants in Philly Chinatown. I've been to Nine Ting, Hippot, and Little Sheep and enjoyed the broth here the most. 

When you walk in there is an Ipad that you can sign in with or make your reservation if you didn't call. It's a really neat automated process.

I came with a party of four and were promptly seated with our reservation. The waiter, Way, was amazing. He was knowledgeable, polite, and attentive. 

The menu is very beautiful to look at and got our mouth watering. The conveyor belt concept is new to the area so we marveled at the new technology for a while. 

Let's talk about the food now! Before the meal you gave to order your broths (we pictures of the menu). Afterwards, a tray of sauces are brought out so you can customize your house special dipping sauce. I absolutely LOVE this sauce. The waiter listed the ingredients without being prompted. The 

The beef combo quality was amazing. It was super fresh, tender, flavorful, and beautifully plated. The wagyu in egg was so interesting and tender. The vegetables are crispy and fresh. I didn't like the frozen toppings as much so I opted for two beef combos. We grabbed over a dozen little plates as they passed by the conveyor belt, but the best items are ordered from the menu. 

We will be coming back for sure!
Updated review:

I got a table for 2 people on Friday night. The reservation was super easy, and the lady on the phone was very nice. The staff is cautious to make sure the table is sanitized and there is a table between 2 tables to maintain the 6ft distance. 

I had a great experience there. My server, Tithy was extremely accommodating and helpful. He went above and beyond explaining the menu and making sure we had a great experience there. 

I ordered both hotpot and sushi. Here are my thoughts on the food. 

I highly recommend the tomato oxtail soup. The broth is rich in flavor and very delicious. 

They serve the best quality of meat here. It can be pricier than a lot of places, but you get what you pay for. I had the wagyu short rib w/egg and wagyu beef, which were really good. The meat just melted in my mouth... 

I also highly recommend you try the Uni Wagyu maki and Foie Gras Wagyu  maki. You won't be disappointed. 

Overall, this is a perfect place for a fancy hotpot date. Looking at the pictures makes me hungry already...
I went for the first time last night for Hot Pot and I can't believe I've never taken advantage of the experience before. The restaurant is in the heart of china town and although not a huge, has space for larger parties as well as booths for smaller parties. A unique touch is the conveyor belt of toppings rotating in-between seating booths. 

Although the restaurant is centered around their Waygu beef in all varieties and preparations (even in the form of sushi), they have options for vegans! I'm a pescatarian so I chose the mushroom soup broth base(which is vegan), the seafood medley and the vegetable medley. My soup base had a variety of mushrooms and a really nice flavor. The seafood medley consisted of shrimp, mussels, clams, cod fish, and lobster tails. The vegetable medley consisted of romaine lettuce, spinach, baby bok choy. In addition to the main selection, I selected from the conveyor belt raw eggs which marinated in the broth was delicious. 

What really stood out about this restaurant was the presentation of the food and the service (Way was amazing as well as everyone else that was consistent in coming past our table to make sure we were full on water and happy with our meal). Although I would consider the restaurant to be casual, the foods presentation is on par with a 3 star Michelin restaurant, truly an experience. Whatever your expectations are, this restaurant truly will deliver and exceed them.
One of my fun place to eat in Philadelphia. When our ACP day meeting was over , I decided to take a stroll through Chinatown. My aim was to explore this part of the city. There were so many restaurants on both sides of the the 10th Street. Being a relatively new one, I just wanted to try this restaurant. It was relatively empty. I was greeted cordially and seated without a delay. The waitress Simin ( if I remember her name correctly) was very friendly and helpful. She went over the menu and explained the process of using hot pots with different ingredients. There were 4 places on the table to setup hot pots. You choose the broth first. Then you choose different ingredients to cook in the broth. The cooking time is different with different ingredients. You create your own dipping sauce based on your taste. I had trouble taking the long noodles out of the cooking pot. Of course, Simin helped me to get those out from the pot and transferred to the bowl. I tried scallops, fish balls, beef and noodles. It was really fun to cook and I enjoyed the meal. 
If you like to have fun while making your meal, this is the right place for you.
The price is $$$ , but worth the fun. 
HAVE FUN.
I have I have the worst ever experience in this hot pot restaurant. I waited in the line for 1hr30min, and the next served party should be us. However, since the empty table is for 4 people, while we only have 2 people, the waitress directly skip our party and told the party behind us to sit into that table. This is so horrible. We are so hungry and wait for a long time, but the waitress did not serve us since we only have 2 people (which means we may spend less money than 4 people party). This is the bad experience I ever had in a restaurant. Will never visit this restaurant again, and I recommend 2 people party should not come to this store, since they may not serve you if there is a party with more people behind you

-----updates------
I do not think first come first serve rule applied to me. I am pretty sure the 4 people party behind us does not have reservation (I saw them register their names later then us at the restaurant). That is why I strongly recommend 2 people party do not come to this hot pot restaurant, especially there are a lot of people waiting there.
I love hot pot. My family and I would eat it all winter and it's always such a good time. 
So I was super excited when another hot pot shop opened in Chinatown--competition is always good, right?
We were a party of 6 so did not get to sit by the conveyor belt, so I'm a bit sad I missed out on that element. So here's the good and the bad:
The good: everything is fresh. They specialize in wagyu beef so the cuts of meat were amazing. 
Everything came out promptly. We had the miso and original broths. Both are amazing. I truly enjoyed the miso. The house dipping sauce was good and I liked being able to customize, but I feel like I needed more choices! The variety of ingredients was lovely, unfortunately they were out of some thing already. 
The bad: the wind tunnel of a door. We had res but still waited 20 minutes. Every time that door opened it was breeze of cold, and the waiting area is poorly designed. As our table was by the door we continued to feel the draft throughout our meal.
Our table also was next to another and it was loud. I know that makes me sound like a grump but when you're trying to organize your own meal, I don't need a chorus of 12 voices. Lastly, while it was good, definitely on the pricey side--while I think of hot pot as a gorge yourself type of a meal, you would spend a pretty penny doing that here (we spent about 50$ a person!)
I was invited to try Chubby Cattle with a feast for two - and never mind that summer is hotter than their spicy soup base  - we enthusiastically accepted!

The tasting menu they paraded out did not disappoint!

Soup Base (2): Oxtail, House Hellish Spicy (medium)
Appetizer (2): Grilled Oysters, Grilled Scallops
Meats (2): Wagyu Short Rib w/Egg, Angus Prime Ribeye
Seafood (3): Tiger Shrimp, Scallops, Fish Filet
Noodles (2): Udon, Glass
Veggies (3): Baby Bamboo, Lotus Root, Taro Root

Extra! Extra! ...
Wagyu Nigiri (a-mazing!)
Rainbow Soup Dumplings (wagyu beef)
Veggie Combo (it was massive!)
Mushroom Basket (none of the magic kind, alas)

Notes:
1) Spice tray: comes out first with sha cha, oyster sauce, garlic, chili oil,  chili flakes, peanuts, scallions. Mix wisely.

2) Personal soup pits: fantastic if the folks in your group have different tastes or if a couple wants to try different broths!

3) Cattle: when the place has "cattle" in the name, you food lovers know what to do: GO FOR THE BEEF. Putting the highlight on anything else is like going to a steakhouse and ordering the chicken... or worse yet ... the salad. Make like a food pro and do me proud! (But don't get me wrong - everything was delicious!)

Sooyoung took amazing care of us and guided us to selections that made our experience totally awesome.

"Oh yea, the conveyor belt is part of the feast too."

Whaaaaat?! We ended our feast stalking the conveyor belt like fat lazy tigers and went in for the kill: a small plate of wagyu dumplings. Oh it was rich, beefy, decadent, juicy, and perfect ... I wanted to adopt the whole lot into my sarlacc pit of a belly, but a sarlacc it was not. 

We waddled away into the sunset chubby and happy, and did not eat for a full 24H afterwards. True story.
Great food.  Good service.  But small details make an impression.

Came in for an early dinner with a group of friends.  Given how early that was the place wasn't full and we were seated right away.  The place has multiple broth option and I have to say that when you're selecting a spicy version make sure that you're able to tolerate the authentic version of spicy.  I thought I could but I chose medium version and I am glad I did.

The meats are ordered from the menu but there is a conveyor belt with various dumplings, mushrooms, and the like which you can take and then pay based on the color coded plates.  The food is excellent.  Fresh and tasty with soup and the kitchen dishes masterfully prepared but the population of the conveyor belt seems to be a little slow.  We liked a certain type of dumplings that was available on the conveyor but several times it passed with no refilling, which isn't exactly bad but makes an impression.
OK SO HERE'S THE RUN DOWN:
- If they have reservations, make it well in advance. 
- There are INDIVIDUAL and FAMILY options, ask them what's available and what you prefer. 
- If you're allergic to lemon, TELL THEM. They only serve lemon water & the ponzu sauce has lemon. 
- If you like EDM, this is the place for you--that's all they play  and it's even louder in the bathroom. 
- Entry level spice is still spicy even if you're experienced with spice, so be careful. 
- They no longer have a liquor license so it's only BYOB. 
- Heaven & Hell soup is family style only. 
- There is a time limit of your stay: 1.5 hours. 
- There's a promotion if you've waited for 1+ hours but TELL YOUR SERVER so they can reflect that on your check. 
- The menu is virtual only and it is not user-friendly at all. The interface makes it hard to zoom and scroll. And when you do zoom in to look closer, the text is very pixelated/not clear and is hard to read. 
- Tables/chairs are not very ergonomic and makes the experience more difficult than it needs to be--if the chairs were higher, the reach for grabbing & cooking will be much easier. The restaurant is not very accessible either. 

Now back to the main program...
THE WAIT & MISCOMMUNICATION: We were looking forward to coming here for hotpot on a cold day. But we didn't expect it the wait to be so long. We walked in and the wait was 2+ hours with poor communication as we had to keep refreshing the Yelp waitlist and texting the person to figure out when our table was ready.  And the miscommunication continued as we sat down. They seated us at a table for individual hotpots but when we ordered Heaven & Hell soup, they told us that was only family style. We assumed it would be family style bc that's what hotpot usually is. It turns out that there was room at the family style table, and our wait probably could've been shorter if they communicated that this was an option. 
They gave us water but didn't communicate that it was lemon water so we were concerned and confused why there was stuff in the water--they still didn't clarify when we told them something was in it.

THE FOOD: Although everything was disgustingly overpriced, the soup was so yummy! The HEAVEN AND HELL soup was half original and half spicy (entry level was still spicy!!). Both were so savory and had depth, would come just to drink the soup (LOL). My opinion is that eating hotpot outside is always a ripoff--you can easily buy your own ingredients at such a cheaper price, maybe not as high quality meats as restaurants provide. There are hotpot soup bases that you can buy at Asian grocery stores but I'm sure it won't be as good as here or made from scratch. All the ingredients outside of the meats were what you would expect. The protein we got were: PORK BELLY, WAGYU SHORT RIB WITH EGG, LAMB SHANK, RIB EYE, FISH FILLET, and TIGER SHRIMP. They all were yummy especially with the soups. The best was tiger shrimp! The Wagyu short rib with egg wasn't really worth the price; the meat was super tender and melt-in-mouth but the egg didn't really add much to the experience. 

THE SERVICE: Our server was Kitty and she was very helpful! Outside of the general miscommunication of the entire staff, she was friendly throughout our time there. 
I think they know how bad their wait times are so they actually have a promotion for a free protein dish if you've waited for 1+ hours. We had to tell Kitty that we wanted to use that promotion--so if you waited, make sure you tell your server! Because we waited for 2+ hours, Kitty gave us 2 free protein dishes, which was very nice!

THE WHEEL: They're currently doing a promotion for their 3rd year anniversary to write a review and spin a wheel for a coupon. I was already in the process of writing my review when she told us about the promotion. But beware the wheel is very obviously rigged. It slowed down near the $50 coupon & Wagyu beef but you saw the wheel spin again as if there was a weight that pulled it away. It was so obviously rigged it was funny. We got a free drink... yippie. They don't even have alcohol so the free drink is a soda/tea/something cheap. 

Wow this is the longest review I've ever written but I hope it encapsulates the best picture of my experience. All in all, I don't think I would return because of the price and poor wait-time and communication. I think they have a lot of room to grow, especially with the interior. But if you're looking to treat yourself with good soup on a cold day, just make sure you're making reservations (if they have the option) or getting ahead with the wait list. 

tldr;
Food 4/5
Price 2/5
Service 3.5/5
Interior 2/5
Amazing hot pot. The best I've had in Chinatown. Really fresh ingredients all around - we got both the beef combo and the seafood combo, and was impressed by the quality. The seafood platter even came out with an ice sculpture! Maybe a bit over the top, but still a nice touch.

We also ordered two servings of the noodles - very colorful, I think the flavors were purple yam, a vegetable one, and something else. We ordered a couple more things and the bill came to $50/pp ($200 total including tip, split between 4 people). To be honest I could have probably eaten a lot more because the food was so yummy, but we wanted bubble tea for dessert so I disciplined myself to stop. Plus, $50/pp is not cheap when the other hot pot we've had before averaged around $30/pp.

Our waitress was very helpful in giving us guidance on what to order, and kept us updated on the progress of our food coming out if we had been waiting for awhile. We ordered the heaven/hell hot pot with the tomato oxtail broth and the entry-level spicy (not spicy at all in my opinion but the 3 friends I was with said it was spicy enough for them). Our friends at the other table ordered the medium-level spicy and they said their mouths were burning, lol. 

My mouth is watering as I'm recalling our experience and how delicious all the food was. The price is worth the experience and quality of food.
Seriously, Philly. The only thing you guys are missing is Nashville Hot Chicken. And if you guys get that, I'm moving up there. JK. I love TN. 

But can we get a Chubby Cattle. I mean, we waited over an hour to eat here and man, is it worth it. They do have a waitlist you can get on before/at arrival, but our problem was, we needed a table a 6. And they only have 2 large tables. We settled for a booth for 4 and added a chair for me and sat my nephew with his parents. We were definitely snug, but food.

There are so many a la carte items you can choose from, literally, everything your heart can desire - including some premium beef. There's also a conveyor belt with items. We went with a number of different combos - the veggie, noodle, beef, seafood. And added a few items here and there. I'd have to say, that was only con - it was expensive. for the 5 of us was $200! That's with only 4 broths, which has a additional charge for spice. But I've got say, both the original pot (spicy) and the hellish hot were both really good. And the so was the dipping sauce. Everything was fresh and beautifully presented. There's also items not part of the hot pot you can order. We'll definitely we back or try the other locations if in Vegas again.
The Chubby Cattle was a really cool and different experience for my Wife and I. It is located in Chinatown in Center city Philadelphia so you will have to find a parking garage or Uber in. The establishment is primarily a hot pot restaurant but they do offer sushi along with other oriental cuisine. The restaurant is very well maintained and beautifully decorated. The staff is more than helpful if you have never done hot pot before and very friendly and professional. The food is a bit pricey but very fresh and tasty. It is a very cool experience where you order your meat, veggies and starch and cook it yourself in a hot pot at your table that contains a broth of your choice. We were more than happy with the experience except for one thing and that is we got the check about half way through our meal. We felt a bit rushed because of that. I would definitely recommend giving them a shot if you have never done hot pot before it is a nice experience. I may be back at some point but it would have to be at a time that  I had a few extra bucks because it is an expensive dine out.
Went for the first time today and ended up leaving before I even had a chance to taste the food.  I was a party of three and was told that the wait would be about half an hour so to sign into the iPad. Signed in half hour mark hit. We were seated at the hour mark and people who had signed in after us were actually seated a couple minutes before us. But let me get back to that later.

During my hour long wait I was able to observe the staff, the food, and their cleaning process. First and foremost the staff is young and immature. Flirting with each other instead of grabbing checks and clearing tables. Actively pinching and poking one another and playing footsies. They also kept reiterating the half hour wait when this wasn't true. 

I realized a party of two that had come in 15 minutes after us was seated before us. The hostess realized this as well and when she said something to the other hostess, she simply rolled her eyes and shrugged her shoulders. No apologies. Poor customer service and organization.

Food came out decently fast which is a no brainer since you're supposed to cook everything in the broth.... 

Cleaning wise was way too quick, dirty rags being reused. We sat down and the server pulled a hair off our chopsticks and I had just had enough. 

We walked out after waiting for an hour. 
Disgusting.
I don't understand all the five star reviews.
I absolutely loved my experience at the Chubby Cattle.  My husband had dined here previously with friends and could not wait to bring me and his parents back for a try.  This is a perfect place to go if you are a party of 4 or less.  This way you each get your own hot pot and broth.  It appeared that if you had a larger party you were at a sharable table, and that can be tough if some diners in your party have dietary restrictions or are picky about what goes in the pot.  

We had Vikki as our main server and she did an excellent job.  They prefer to give you a full run down of the process if you have never been here before.  Next to each booth is a conveyer belt that pushes though a few different types of food that can be added to your pot.  Our server explained to order the majority of your items through her because the portions she brings is much bigger and usually a better deal.  

You first order your broth.  I ordered the miso soup base and thought it was a good choice.  I like spicy but I heard their spicy broth is a little over the top.  And extra seasonings are brought to the table during the beginning of the meal that can allow you to add more spice if needed.  

For the table we ordered some beef, the mushroom basket, and the green vegetable basket, the udon noodles, and the Taro Vermicelli Knots.   The vermicelli cooks very fast in the heated broth but the udon noodles take a little longer so throw those in as soon as you can.  We did grab a few items from the conveyer belt such as the shrimp and some dumplings.  Everything was delicious and only added more flavor to the broth.

I had an excellent time at this restaurant and I hope others will decide to come here and enjoy the experience of Hot Pot.
5 star taste. The Wagyu beef combo and Shrimp paste meatballs were most memorable. The House broth was perfect in terms of having a light yet rich flavor.

All the dishes were aesthetically pleasing (excluding the conveyer belt items). The conveyer belt is a cool aspect although I'm unsure of its necessity here.

I'd recommend coming here with a small party of up to four people. However, I would not recommend for large groups. For this reason and my personal experience thus far, I have to give 3 stars.

Service in detail: Our server was very kind despite offering a drink option and not delivering on it. Previously, I came here with a group of 8 and due to miscommunication on their end, we called to see if we could come in to be seated and got the approval to do so. When we got there, they rescinded their statement and said it was a mistake because they thought our number belonged to another group of 8.

Price: Some items are not priced correctly. A $.50-$1 amount of enoki mushrooms costed $8.
Chinatown, PA is popping, and it seems like majority of the people there choose this place to have dinner.

I heard about the long wait times, especially on a Friday night, but I didn't expect to be 14th in line despite waitlisting an hour early. Try going early despite having waitlisted as they told us a shorter wait time than what was indicated on Yelp.

The service was phenomenal, honestly the best I have ever seen. The young lady who welcomed us was friendly and patient and held our spot for us even though we walked off for a bit during our wait time.

Our server was just as friendly and sweet. You can choose to order through the conveyor (it's cheaper, more for 1 person) or through their menu (bigger portions, more expensive). I had the House Original Pot and my boyfriend got the Tomato Oxtail Pot. We both argue our own is better.

The hot pot ingredients are extremely overpriced, and I'm talking $1 for one mini sausage. However, their soup does wonders in making any food taste phenomenal. I barely even needed sauce, although their ponzu sauce was delightful. 

The Wagyu Beef w/ Wasabi ($12) was expensive for the small stick size, but it was oh so good and full of beef aroma. And I don't think I will ever forget the creaminess of the Wagyu Short Rib with Egg ($26). Who knew egg can do such wonders? Wait 10 seconds for it to cook in the broth and then you'd be reaching heaven each time you have a piece. 

I had a fantastic time here, and I can see the hype. You have to get their meats for sure!
OH MY WOW. This was a beyond incredible experience. To start, our server Abby was so sweet and welcoming. She was extremely helpful too since none of us had tried hot pot before. Everything tasted so incredible! 

Highly recommend!!! Esp the tomato base for the hot pot and get the udon noodles (I preferred them over the hand drawn ones). The beef was, of course, delectable. I def will be back.
Ok, first of all - shout out to our server Soonyoung. Wassup & thanks for the ice cream!

My friend and I were in the mood for some hot pot and decided to check out Chubby Cattle. It was surprisingly poppin' for a Tuesday night and we had about a 30ish minute wait but I'd say it was worth it.

The staff are incredibly on point and attentive from the beginning of the meal to the very end. 

We got the spicy and original soup bases and both were delicious. We ordered a bunch of different things but the wagyu was particularly savory. The fishball with roe was also pretty awesome so definitely order that if you're into fish balls and little fish eggs! 

We tried beef throat for the first time too and I gotta say, I'm not mad about it. It has the same chewy-ish texture as tripe so if you're into organ meats and such, give the throat a go (I never imagined myself writing those last 5 words but here we are).

This place is clearly a bit pricier than all the other hot pot places in Chinatown but I'd say it's well worth it for the quality, taste and superb service. Looking forward to coming back!
I grew up in Philly's chinatown, and we've always done the traditional hot pot with a bunch of family and or friends at a home. Chubby Cattle I think was one of the first restaurants to feature purely some sort of Hot Pot in Philly and it's still growing strong with lots of other hot pot places opening up. I really enjoyed coming here and those who want a good hot pot who are willing to expend a little bit of cash should definitely give this place a try!

Food/Drinks - Definitely very good quality. They have a huge assortment of meats, seafood, and veggies. What makes this place somewhat unique is it has a rotating conveyer belt that you can get lots of other hot pot ingredients from (other than the main meats). They are color-coded and at the end of your meal, the plates are tallied and that is how they calculate your price. You can also directly order from the server from the menu as well, though I've noticed it seems a bit more expensive. Despite this, you should still come eat here with the expectation that it won't be cheap. In regards to drinks, they are BYOB as of the last few months since their bar was closed. It is unclear when it will be open or if they will remain as BYOB. 

Environment - Great staff and very attentive. We had a server once that was extremely enthusiastic and kind of flamboyant, but funny. What is tough about this place is that there tends to be long waits and parking is atrocious unless you're going straight to a garage or you know the city enough to find hidden parking spots. Put your name down in line (can be done virtually via Yelp) and the estimated wait time is typically on point.

Rating: 7/10
Pros: Good quality food, fun conveyer belt style
Cons: Expensive, long waits
I had previously done hot pot at a different place in Chinatown and had a weird/not great experience, but I was excited to try it again.

Chubby Cattle was a DELIGHT. The staff, food, and environment was really great. I went with my husband, his cousin, and her husband. We had a great time.

I ordered the Hellishly Spicy Broth (mid-level spice, which had that delicious lip-numbing richly flavored kick!) and loved every sip. The first sip really takes your breath away (in the best way possible.)

We ended up sharing everything: brisket, pork belly, pork tenderloin and a slew of vegetables (corn, enoki mushrooms - which were our favorite, lots of cabbage, and bok choy.) My husband and I each got some Purple Yam Noodles at the suggestion of our great server, and I really loved them. 

I left incredibly full (so much food!) and absolutely in love with Chubby Cattle.

I can't wait to come back and try a different broth, some different noodles, and keep exploring the menu.
What a lavish night! You know it's amazing when I pay to park without complaining.
I had a networking event with some folks and this meal turned into a full escape to ANOTHER place! "We spared no expense" yet the meal was relatively affordable. 5 of us spent just about $50pp but it included the tips and drinks (byob until further licensing)
So, here's what went down, we managed to get a larger table and ordered several items to share. You receive your own 'hot pot' (I had the tomato basil) and they adjust the heat for you then you get the dipping! Veggies, meat, and seafood all came with options to choose.
I almost began crying while tasting the waygu tartare. Just OUTSTANDING cuts of meat. You can tell the superior taste and effort made to make the meal and experience. I could go on and on but listen this place, as extravagant as it can sound was just wonderful. The service was spot on, the food was a sheer delight, and I will go back. Give it a try!
I was excited to try Chubby Cattle for the first time, let me just say it is indeed the best I've had in china town. Thank you Shan Shan (our waitress)for such a good experience. I ordered the tomato ox tail broth, The soup base is absolutely one of the best I've had, does not taste like MSG flavored. The food was good from start to finish, I highly recommend there most popular wagyu beef , it is AMAZING! So tender melts in your mouth feeling. I love there presentation as well. They have everything that we asked for. everything is prepared fresh.I hope their quality stays this good, I would have to warn you though that this is not the average priced hot pot restaurant, it can be very pricey $$$ esp depending on how much wagyu you order, And do remember to make reservations as they will be super bz
My new go to for hotpot. Definitely a must try if you're in Chinatown or Philly. I had the original broth, ordered the wagu beef and pork belly along with various veggies and addins. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the ambiance is modern and warm. It got a little loud at times but the food was fresh and so good I didn't do much talking anyway. No question I'll be back and trying a different broth!
Can't even describe how amazing this place is. It's hot pot times 50!!! There were so many wagyu beef options it was dizzying. Delicious beef dizziness!  We had the wagyu meat sampler, kurabuta pork belly, another large tower of A5 grade wagyu steak, wagyu meatballs, wagyu sashimi, tartare with foie gras, grilled octopus, garlic grilled oysters, marinated raw oysters. I'm pretty sure some other meats. I chose the miso tonkatsu broth. I also added potato noodles, bok choy, and some purple yam noodles. The beef was just incredible and my broth was rich and almost velvety, just amazing. Do yourself a favor and go. It's quite the experience. our server ShanShan was great. She kept our broth full, suggested all the good stuff and just knocked it out of the park!!
Had so much fun here!!! Came with my whole family and we all had a blast. We knew nothing about how hot pot operates and our waitress was so kind and led us through the experience tactfully.
Everyone starts with their own soup base (i went spicy) and then order meats, veggies, etc for the table to share and cook in the broth. Loved adding a raw egg in mine, I soft boiled it and ate it with bulgolgi and bok choy! 
They also have a conveyer belt where you can pull different toppings as the meal progresses. Efficient and fun touch. Other highlight is the free sauce composition tray they bring to the table- I added garlic, red pepper, and cilantro to my soy sauce and really enjoyed it. 
Overall a very fun experience and got to go explore Chinatown after! If you have a couple of hours for dinner I definitely say to go check it out!
I heard about Chubby Cattle from my foodie friends so decided to give it a try. Luckily, the weather was freezing outside so going inside and getting hot pot was definitely the move. Also, be prepared to easily spend over a hundred dollars on a meal for two people. 

When we walked in, the server, Brandon, knew the person I came with so they immediately chatted up. We got seated at an interior booth adjacent to the conveyor belt. The menu proved a bit intimidating at first and the items on the conveyor belt represented some of the vegetables on the menu but that's it. 

Brandon walked us through the menu and explained the restaurant's background. He kindly offered us fried scallops on the house and ice cream, both of which were excellent dishes. We didn't know what to get so we got the original broth and the spicy broth at the lowest level. For our dishes, we ordered the wagyu brisket, seafood combo, vegetable combo, wagyu nigiri and meatball combo. 

As a warning, the spicy broth is quite spicy. Even though I can handle spice pretty well, it definitely hurt to put more than a couple pieces into my mouth at a time, which really slowed us down. The table also didn't have enough space to hold all the food, but the staff brought over a rolling cart to hold more of the food. In general, you'll find yourself packed with food by the end of the night. We probably should've ordered less, but we managed to finish it. 

Overall, the best dishes were the wagyu ones. The wagyu melted in your mouth and a chewy, but creamy texture. The nigiri too was good and the wagyu reminded me of prosciutto. 

It's a cozy environment that's ideal for conversation. Glad to come and will be back again another time this cold season.
There are some great hot pot options in Philly, especially in Chinatown. But fact is, Chubby Cattle is simply the place to be. 

It is a bit pricier than most other hot pot around, fair warning. But in reality, the extra cost is more than fair (I'd even call it a discount) when you consider the great location, the excellent service, the top-quality food, and the ambiance. 

Particularly, for a lot of types of cuisine, I often feel like I have to visit a dank restaurant (think hole-in-the-wall) to find the really good authentic stuff. But not Chubby Cattle - you get amazing food in a very clean, nice looking central location. The conveyor belt of food is also a nice touch. 

We were never a few moments away from someone making sure our drinks were topped off, and ensuring we had everything we needed (but we never felt like we were being interrupted). Everyone working there was so nice and seemed legitimately happy to greet everyone and make sure they had a good experience.

One last note for my fellow fans of spicy food: I love spicy. The hotter the better. Chubby Cattle's spicy soup base is mouth-numbing heat, just the way I like it. So, if you also like it hot, you won't be disappointed. And if you don't like it spicy, no worries - there are plenty of other less-spicy and mild options to choose from as well.

Enjoy! I know I did!
New hot pot place in town! Woot! I've been to Nineting and Little Sheep. Nineting is all you can eat but the quality isn't the best. Little sheep has excellent meats but I hated how they were snobby about their soup base and said the flavor is so good  you don't need sauce. Umm no, I like my sauce!!

I was happy to find that Chubby Cattle had their own house sauce! It tastes like a tart teriyaki lemon sauce and goes well with their beef.

You have to order individual soup bases. My family tried the miso, the house, spicy, and the oxtail tomato. I thought the best of the house and the oxtail tomato. The spicy soup was way too spicy!!! It has the word Hellish in it, definitely hot like hell!

The highlight of our meal was definitely their different grades and cuts of beef. My sister spun their grand opening prize wheel and got A5 wagyu beef...mmmm. We ordered their house special wagyu and it wasn't A5 but still tasted awesome.
 
Our waiter Way was pretty attentive as well, constantly added more broth to our soups.

Only things I didn't like was the conveyor belt was a bit gimmicky. $2 for 2 pieces of fish tofu or $2 for 2 eggs?? What??

Basically if you like lamb more go to little sheep and if you like beef go to chubby cattle! They are both pretty good but each has their own style. Beware though if you go for the wagyu need it can get pretty expensive. Prepared to spend $40 a person. Little sheep is more sound $30 a person.
Came here for a dinner date since the girl said she loved hot pot. Made a reservation and was seated with a short wait inside. The place is SO LOUD, with all the hard surfaces and a rather awkwardly long table. Ended up sitting next to each other on the same side so we didn't have to yell across the table. Ordered the house original soup base, which seemed fine. Received a tote full of various ingredients to make our own sauces. Tried to order the signature wagyu beef as this seemed like their "thing" but they were sold out. So ordered the wagyu brisket instead. I'm not really convinced cooking wagyu in hot pot broth is really a worthwhile use of its intramuscular fat, but it was tasty. Looking at it, I also don't think it's really A5 wagyu as claimed. Also ordered some enoki mushrooms, cabbage, and some udon noodles. Everything was pretty good.
The environment is very chill here. Although the line was really long (as expected) the experience was well worth it. The food is terrific here and the waiters ware very kind. The manager Matthew even let me try some really awesome wagyu sushi. 100% percent would recommend
I unexpectedly loved Chubby Cattle. To start, the service was excellent! Each time a new dish came out the server or host took the time to explain how long each item should be cooked for. 

The concept of the restaurant is clearly unique since it's the first refrigerated conveyor belt hot pot restaurant (not exclusive to Philly though.) 

I tried a variety of the menu and loved every item except one. The rainbow soup dumpling, while aesthetically pleasing, were only okay. It is a fun dish and worthwhile to order for pics.

The tiger shrimp and scallops were super fresh and really good. My favorite meat for the hot pot was the lamb shank and it took no time to cook. I was obsessed with the mushroom basket! I obviously love mushrooms but they were clearly so fresh and the basket offered an excellent variety. Another favorite was the Wagyu nigiri. It had beautiful marbling and just melted in your mouth. I would go back for this alone. A can't miss item is the housemade purple yam noodles. When can you ever pass up on housemade noddles?

I highly recommend going to Chubby Cattle with a group of friends since the portions are huge and clearly meant to be shared. I was so impressed with the freshness of the food and can't wait to go back!
I am surprised... for a tiny restaurant... how well decorated it is. There's a conveyor belt, a wagyu bar, and areas for family style/big parties. I had the original hot pot soup, which was amazing. Can't wait to come back to try the tomato oxtail soup. Also had the slow cooked wagyu and the Yukke wagyu. Both melted our mouths. The chef from the wagyu bar even came out to show us how to eat it. Service from the host, waiters, and managers were all excellent. I would definitely come back!
I had an amazing dinner last night at Chubby Cattle ShanShan was our waitress and she was awesome. She helped me as a first timer to the hot pot experience.  She was great organizing our lengthy and confusing order and arranged for everything to be brought out in perfect timing. 
I tried the herbal iced tea which was a great pairing to the hot meal on a freezing night. 
I prepared my dipping sauce with the various toppings like garlic, sesame, spring onions, and cilantro. 
I chose the oxtail and tomato broth as my base and a variety of the wagyu beef combos, mushroom basket of premium mushroom selections with an added side of wood ear mushrooms, and various greens for the table. The pork belly was also a delicious addition for the pot. Grabbing a few essentials off the carousel like tiger shrimp, radish and tofu as delicious additions to the broth. 
The skewer appetizers were so delicious. And perfectly cooked and seasoned. I could eat 10 more of those. Various other additions like the wagyu beef with fois Gras maki rolls, and steak tartar with beautiful smoky dry ice preparations brought to the table really pushed this experience to a first class meal. 
I highly recommend this place for everyone! 5 star meal
Ps it's almost 24 hours later and I still haven't eaten. I ate myself silly and I couldn't stop, it was that flavorful
Finally!!! A good hotpot spot in philly! The conveyer belt style hotpot has arrived! Love the broth and the wagyu.
Got a wagyu combo and seafood combo and almost 10 orange, blue, and black plates.

Interior design, cleanliness, and service was amazing. 
Shout out to our waitress Simin! She was exceptional, amazing service, attentive, really took care of our needs. 

I will definitely go again, not just for the food but for her amazing service as well! 

Both your food and Simin has won us over!
Soup was very tasty and delicious, you can have hot pot in your own style by private small pot in front of you. Everything looked very nice , lot of decorations, verry nice place for hotpot, next time Im gonna try different kind of soup. I'd like to say that because everything is cooked in the fresh broth, it's healthy (If dont use so much chilli sauce oil and peanuts like me!!). And yes it's pricier than some others in the area but the quality of the food and atmosphere are definitely higher (my husband loves raw Wagyu sashimi). I'd recommend the delicious hotpot and great service at this well -designed restaurant , absolutely suitable on cold weather. Will be back again !
Best hot pot broth in town. The marrow broth is so flavorful.  I came here with a friend for dinner on a Friday night. The place was packed but we got a table along side the conveyor, which has additional items that you can hand select to add to your hot pot (in addition to what you order from the menu). We were seated promptly and greeted by a few servers within a minute. The service was very good here. Sadly, they had a limited beer list and no alcohol. We made due with the beer, but I hope they expand their beer and alcohol list. 

I ordered various meats and veggies for our hot pot and everything came out within minutes. We ordered udon noodles and rice. The ribeye was my favorite meat, but everything was really good and tasty. I was super impressed the my meal. This China Town spot has a cool and funky design, and it good for a date or a group. I will be back.
Heard about Chubby Cattle from friends and decided to finally check it out! Overall, everything was very high quality, and the food was good. Our waiter, Kitty, was great. She explained the menu very well and was very attentive to us throughout our time here. Would come again!
It so pricey but my favorite hot pot place.  The quality of their meat and seafood is really fresh, service is good and hot pot broths and ponzu sauce you dip your food with is so good.  I love their original broth, spicy broth and tomato oxtail broth and I usually just drink it as soup at the end.  The waygu meat combo is usually what I go with and I also love their fresh mushroom platter, pork belly and their shigoku oysters were really good.  Try to make a reservation ahead of time because wait times can be really long and it's not a filling meal for what you pay but quality is great and I'd come back here.
Vibes: trendy with the ipad check-in and order system, made-for-Instagram, fun interior decor and bright lighting, good for communal hotpot with a large group as well as enjoying personal-sized pots with a smaller friend crew

How it works:
-Pick a soup base, there's something for everyone!
-Order appetizers and full-sized hotpot ingredients off the menu
-Conveyor belt serves to provide small, supplemental dishes of mostly vegetables, tofu, mushrooms priced by plate color

Tasting notes:
-Tonkotsu miso soup base: fragrant, reminiscent of miso ramen soup but lighter, a little herbal
-Tomato oxtail soup base: a little tangy from the tomato, broth is flavored deeply by bone marrow
-Wagyu brisket: fresh and on the lean side, marbling is visually appealing but does not contribute as much to the texture of the beef 

Other thoughts:
-Plating of the meat is elegant
-After you order, the server brings the house-made dipping sauce and a tray of sauce add-ins, such as minced garlic, sliced chili peppers, scallions, sha cha paste, peanuts, dried garlic
-Besides the meat, the rest of the ingredients are standard staples of hotpot restaurants
-They have the fish balls stuffed with roe, which are fun and flavorful
Wow! Night and day. My first review has been overshadowed and I feel chubby cattle is due for and deserving of a re-appraisal.

Went back for lunch today and was immediately seated. Nice surprise and a bit different than the hour and a half wait last time.

Very attentive servers who kept checking back and charming were so much better than our waiter the first time as well. 

A5 wagyu sashimi with good wasabi and soy was available this time and very nice. 

The tomato oxtail broth is fantastic. As before the Yuzu and toppings on point. 

I have to say, although expensive, this is so much better than other hot pot establishments that I've had that it's worth it if you can afford it.

Usually the broth is just a cooking medium at other places. Here, after finishing my meats and vegetables I find myself drinking the broth as well because it's so good. Even before departing, one last sip of the broth...yum...So nice how all of the meats and vegetables permeate the broth after cooking and topped off with that delicious sauce I could just drink the stuff all day.

Damn you chubby cattle, you have ruined cheap hard pot for me! I'm going to find it difficult to enjoy the affordable all-you-can-eat hot pot i used to crave. 

Well done.
Nothing much too say but this place is prob the best hot pot in Philadelphia Chinatown, go check it out!
This is probably the best hot pot I had in the city but it is a bit pricey. Our waitress Zoey was super nice. The beef is wagyu from Japanese cattle and it is amazing! It is thinly cut and marbleizes in your mouth. I would definitely recommend the brisket as that was the best thing I had in the beef combo. I also the wagyu sashimi, which is eaten raw. It was recommended by our hostess and it was really smooth. Overall it is a bit pricey but is worth trying.
We were first timers, so I was pleasantly surprised when the waitress took the time to explain the menu and how the hot pot process works. Despite the fact that the is a video playing at each table. 
My 6 & 5 years olds couldn't cook their own food, but they enjoyed making selections and the conveyor belt of delights is dangerous.... We just keep grabbing those yummy wagyu dumplings and mussels.

We settled in the original and mushroom broths, glass noodles, bok choy, chicken, and brisket. Everything was delicious !
You even get to make your own sauce... Even more yum. We will definitely return.

We ordered the watermelon juice and mango smoothies $6 each.... When the girls didn't like it they were removed from the bill (thanks). 

Don't forget to check in to get a free accompaniment for your hot pot. 

The decor is fresh and fun, the vibe is cool...I really loved the lights (terrarium filled bulbs). The staff was friendly and welcoming. The manager was helpful and understanding.
Amazing hot pot place in Philly! It was snowing today, so perfect weather for something warm and hearty. The wagyu beef was quality meat; really enjoyed the beef brisket and beef tongue. The wagyu nigiri was yummy, a fun experience with the presentation. For veggies, I enjoyed tong ho (my favorite!), daikon, wintermelon and watercress. Also our server Quynh was super nice and helpful :) definitely would come back again!
Amazing hotpot place in Chinatown! 
Food: 8/10
Broth was a bit salty, but flavorful and the original had dates, tomatoes, and a small corn. 
Portion: 7/10
Noodle portion was disappointing for $12, only 3 small portions
Service: 10/10 waitress was really patient and nice, explaining a lot of the ingredients. 
Sauces were good and all ingredients were fresh.
I was a fan of Chubby Cattle after going there for the first time for lunch on a weekday.  We didn't wait in line at this time, but I heard they're busier on weekends.  It is your typical Chinese hot pot place, but they have a conveyor belt that sends around different vegetables or other things you can put in your hot pot.  The conveyor belt is the special thing about this restaurant, but we actually didn't end up getting anything off the conveyor belt and ordered all our dishes from the waitress.  We had really great service, too.  Our waitress explained the concept of the restaurant well and took our plates away pretty quickly. 

They do individual hot pots, so every person can pick their own base flavor.  They also have a nice spice/sauce rack they bring out to you.  We ordered the rainbow noodles, the beef combo plate, the veggie combo plate, and the fish balls with pork.  I really liked all the things we ordered, especially the noodles and fish balls.  

The only thing is that if you compare the amount of food and price here to a hot pot buffet, you probably aren't getting as much food and paying the same or more.  So you will not necessarily be stuffed after going here, but I definitely had enough to eat.
Atmosphere: Chubby Cattle was our first stop for food during our visit to Philly, which was pre-COVID lockdowns. The restaurant had a very young and vibrant environment. The seats had their own outlets, and there was a conveyor belt with a variety of small dishes/ingredients for your hotpot.

Service: We had made a reservation before arriving at Chubby Cattle. Since we arrived early, we had to wait about another 40 minutes. The staff was kind enough to give us a coupon for a free choice of meat. From the online reservation to being seated, it took a total of 1 hour and 40 minutes (on a Friday night). We definitely liked the online waitlist and would recommend signing up early as possible! The service was friendly and helped us explain their menu/portions. 

Food: We first ordered the House Original and House Hellist Spicy Pot (entry level spicy) as our soup bases. We loved that we could design our own hot pot sauce from a wide range of ingredients! From the conveyor belt, we got seaweed salad and rice cakes, and we also ordered udon noodles to enjoy with our soup. For our meats, we ordered the Beef Combo, which includes brisket, angus prime ribeye, and Australian Wagyu short rib, and got a pork belly from the coupon we got earlier. Overall the food was fantastic! However, we preferred the House Original over the Spicy because it paired better with the meats and udon noodles. While the conveyor belt has some nice selections, meat is definitely the way to go (we especially recommend the pork and ribeye, which was very soft!). 

Overall: Chubby Cattle has such a great balance of food and experience. Although a bit pricey, Chubby Cattle is definitely worth a visit for their delicious hot pot and amazing meats! Would undoubtedly come again!
This is your hot pot spot. The house original broth was the best compared to surrounding hot pot areas in Chinatown. We got the meat combo and seafood combo platter & some veggies,etc. I would recommend the meat 100%. I'm more of a seafood person, but I wouldn't recommend it here.. i would rather spend the money on the meat. The fish balls with roe was good as well. The dipping sauce was bomb. Way, our server was great. He was attentive and explained everything on the menu. Lastly, it's awesome that they have a vent system at each table to prevent your clothes from smelling like hot pot. I was skeptical at first but it actually did its job.
Few suggestions: as a fellow Asian, the chopsticks were too long.. it was pretty difficult to grab the food. Also, the conveyor belt did not have a lot of food options. I would imagine the customers come to enjoy the fun of picking food out of the belt, but there were only a few items to choose from.
Lastly, I understand it's towards the end of the night and there weren't many customers, but as we were leaving, an employee was vaping by the front desk.. I don't think that's appropriate for someone that is representing the restaurant.

Thank you for the good experience, definitely will come back to try more meats :)
Atmosphere and experience is a 10/10 here. A+ for whoever did the interior design. We waited approximately 25 minutes for a table on a early (4pm) Saturday night and while it was a little confusing when coming in and putting our names on the waitlist, the staff at our table were very helpful. We did the hot pot and got 2 different broths, with 3 meats, 2 veggies, and 1 bowl of noodles for 2 people and it was sufficiently filling. They have items (mostly veggies) that you can select via conveyor belt, and other items (like noodles) you can order and it is delivered to you via conveyor (if you sit at the tables near there). 

Total cost was $50 + tip for 2 people, although if you opt for the more expensive meats (A5 wagyu, uni, etc) it'll be a little pricier. So I would say expect to pay approximately $25-35 per person here for a very filling, delicious meal. 

Abby (our waitress) was extremely attentive, and whenever each meat was brought over, they let us know how long to cook it for in the broth (super helpful if you're not experienced with hot pot). Even gave us some bibs to prevent hot pot splashes on your clothing.

I would say the only downside is when you first come in. We had called the day prior, and they told us only groups of 8+ can make reservations, and to just come in. We get there, and while it seemed relatively empty inside, the 3 hostesses told us it would be a 1/2 hour wait (and there is no waiting area, so we put our names on the list and they said they'd call us). They told another group of 6 that 6+ can make a reservation. It seemed different hostesses were taking names down by hand, and others were asking people to put their names down by iPad. Hostesses were saying they can't exactly estimate how long it would take for people to finish their food, so a lot of customers felt turned away. I think once they figure out their waitlist logistics, Chubby Cattle will be a hit in Chinatown!
Service was horrible here. I had never been to a hot pot restaurant before so was hoping for a better introduction. I used Yelps reservation system to virtually wait in line and my table was ready when I got there. From there we sat at the table for 10 minutes until we flagged the host to get a server. When the server came she barely explained how things worked so I over ordered from the menu when I could have supplemented with conveyor belt items. After ordering we didn't see her again until we were walking out the door, no water refills, nothing.  They also forgot to take my Yelp offer off the bill. Aside from poor service the hot pot was delicious. I got the house special wagyu and scallops and the veggie combo to go with my original broth. The hot pots are served with a house special ponzu dipping sauce which you can customize with things from their spice/sauce tray. The broth really does get better the more you cook things in it. They only have one vegan broth option so you'll be limited if you have those restrictions. If I go back for hot pot I would only order 1 protein off the menu and pick everything else off the belt to save $. In short service bad, food good.
Let me start off by saying the food and the service are incredible. Very attentive staff and the food is top notch! My only issue is with Yelp itself... Just to clarify. The atmosphere and ambience are NOT classy (almost zero parties were dressed in business casual on a Friday at 8.) They also do not have a full bar, nor do they take reservations! This is the first time Yelp has led me completely astray. With all of that said, I would most definitely recommend this place for hot pot enthusiasts... Just don't rely on the attributes from Yelp.
If you haven't had hot pot before, I would recommend chubby cattle. This was my first time with hot pot, and it was definitely an experience. The food itself was good, and I would definitely suggest following the waiter's recommendations for what to order. 

There is A LOT of meat in the meals. If you're not a meat lover, this place might not be best for you, but overall it's still a fun place for dinner. The conveyer belt was a fun little twist, although I was unable to tell what we were actual taking off of it. Overall, I'm glad I went for the food and the experience, but personally I don't feel the need to go back. 

The yelp check-in reward was a nice added bonus!
THIS IS THE BEST HOTPOT I'VE HAD. The menu / conveyor belt were kinda confusing, but our server suggested we just order off the menu since we'd get more in the portion. I'm not sure what the point of having the conveyor belt is lol...

We arrived Sunday at noon (my only complaint is that I wish it opened earlier) and it was relatively empty. We ordered two individual pots: the original broth and the tomato ox tail broth. BOTH WERE EXTREMELY FLAVORFUL. I couldn't decide which one I liked better. We also ordered a noodle combo, a beef combo, and a veggie combo...and enoki mushrooms (as the veggie combo only comes with greens). Everything was displayed super aesthetically beautiful. My boyfriend eats for two and it was enough food for both of us (3 stomachs lol), with only some greens leftover. It was a bit pricey ($80 after tax and tip) but I think it was well worth it. I can't really tell the difference between wagyu beef and regular beef, both the broth was so flavorful I really didn't need to dip it in any sauce. The restaurant also provided their house sauce, which was something I'd never had (soy sauce with orange maybe?). I think they said that they hand pull their own noodles or create them with different roots (e.g., taro, green tea?). Another table got a seafood combo and it looked so beautiful. 

The servers were all super friendly and sweet. I thought it took a while for the food to come out, but they take such care and time to display it so beautifully so I guess that makes sense. Would definitely recommend giving it a try.
Great service and Delicious food! Meat are really fresh. Kiki has great service! Definitely worth of a try
Started with flavorful exotic mushroom soup to start.  Meatballs that were red meat were tasty, and meats are good quality but as they are generally brought out plain and you then drop them in the pot, they are not intended to make soup more flavorful obviously.  The large size additions for the pot may annoy some people.  Very good service; my server was delightful.    I want to come back to try more veggies and spicy soup to really kick my first hot spot experience up a notch!  I got a free ice cream to post this review.
I had an amazing dining experience here. 
The variation of broth are so so many, you might need to put in some considerations, but it seems like you can't go wrong. I had the medium spicy, and it was quite spicy, but I absolutely dig spicy and I loved it!!!
My friend had ox tail tomato, and the broth was so good!!
And of course the main!!!
I started with wagyu dumplings, and it was really good!!! 
And the meat! The quality was amazing and it was like a party in my mouth.
Checked out this place on New Year's Eve for dinner ! We had a reservation for 6 pm and showed up around 5:45 pm. We were seated on time. For starters we had the wagyu skewers and the grilled scallops. They wagyu skewers were tender and flavorful. I enjoyed the grilled scallops more. I went with the house original for my soup base and it was very flavorful. Ordered the combo of tomato/purple yam/green tea noodles. For meats, we ordered the wagyu short rib with egg, wagyu brisket, pork belly, and angus prime ribeye ! For seafood we ordered the scallops and tiger shrimp ! For tofu we ordered the soft tofu, fish tofu, tofu roll, and fried tofu. Lastly for greens, we ordered Napa cabbage, tong Ho, watercress, and seaweed knots! All of the meats were amazing ! You should've def order the wagyu ~ short rib with egg was my favorite, brisket and prime rib were soo good ! Everything was fresh, soup base was flavorful, noodles were yummy!! Our server was very helpful and attentive ! They tell you how long you should cook the food !
The best hotpot in philly! We always come here for the good soup and good meat. Im from california and its just as good.
So glad I found this place on Instagram! Took my parents here while I was visiting and we absolutely loved it! The food came out fast! The ingredients were fresh and the service was phenomenal. The hand-cut wagyu beef, fish balls filled with roe, udon noodles and Manila clams were some of our favorites. Can't wait to come back with my family again when I'm back in town.
My wife is Chinese and we eat hot pot regularly at home or in restaurants. This place is massively overpriced for a meal that is $25 all you can eat at other places, while upcharging you on wagyu beef that should never even be cooked in hotpot in my opinion. My wife and I went one time and will not be returning.
We came to celebrate my daughter's birthday, she's a fan of hot pot and I thought the whole conveyor belt thing would have been fun. 
They didn't have the conveyor belt working which was a real bummer. They also didn't have any alcoholic beverages even though they were on the menu. 
I had called the day before and made and appointment for "tomorrow" when we got there on that tomorrow, they said they didn't have our reservation. We came to find out they messed up our reservations and had them for Sunday instead of Saturday. Luckily they had a table and sat us because everyone else that came in without a reservation was told there was a 1.5 to 2 hour wait. 
Besides all that the food was great! The meat was so tender and flavorful. Their ponzu sauce that you can dress up how you like was amazing. The soup bases were very tasty. We truly enjoyed everything we ordered. 

Hopefully we can try it again and get to enjoy the conveyor belt fun.
Super fun and yummy dining experience. Chubby Cattle is known for their wagyu meats hotpot experience. The meats are really great quality and delicious. They advertise as having hellish spicy hotpot, but our hotpot wasn't spicy at all, and we got the spiciest option. The broth was flavorful and we'd definitely come again - it's just not spicy. Our server was very friendly and helpful, but a tad slow. 

We tried the edamame and oysters as apps, which were really good. They have a house yuzu sauce that was unique (light and citrusy) in flavor, but I enjoyed it. Overall, we'd come again for the high quality meats and delicious food. Keep in mind that the pricing is a little steep, so just be prepared. Our meal was almost $200 for two people.
Came here for a girl's night and had a great time! We had reservations but did have to wait a bit. Well worth the wait. Love the individual hot pot because we were able to try different broths. Steve, our waiter, was attentive and funny. Loved the waygu options. The tongue was not a favorite but the uni and foie gras was yummy. Definitely get the foie gras fried rice. Loved the crunchy bits with it. We are disappointed the bar wasn't open yet and we couldn't open our bottle of wine. Maybe let it be BYO until the bar is available?
I've never heard of conveyor belt hot pot so I decided to give Chubby Cattle a try!! It was definitely a good idea :)

To explain how it works, you pretty much have a couple of options such as seaweed knots, crabsticks, tofu, etc on the conveyor belt, and depending on the color of the plate, you'll be charged for a certain price. I highly recommend picking out of the conveyor belt if you have less people, because that'll guarantee finishing the meal. I only went with my boyfriend so the conveyor belt idea was really good. We got a couple of plates of food and then ordered more important things such as vegetables and meat on the menu. I highly recommend getting the $25 meat combo, it's such a steal. We also got the Wagyu Uni and Foie Gras Uni sushi ($18 for 2) for both and I definitely recommend the Wagyu over the Foie Gras. 

Overall, service was really great as well. Only thing I would say there aren't a lot of options on the conveyor belt and menu in general, and when I put myself on the waitlist, the waitress gave up on me after 5 minutes even though on the app it says I was #10 in line, which is why I was far away shopping. If you're in the area, I do recommend trying out Chubby Cattle!
Visited during a brief visit to Philadelphia. Yes it's a chain restaurant, but the concept is unique and worth trying.

First you pick your soup base, there are several choices. I went with the entry level hot. Next you pick your protein. Wagyu beef is available at multiple price levels, (from F! To WTF!) alongside a few other choices. You are also presented with a basket of ingtedients to make your own dipping sauce - garlic, fresh ground chiles, scallions, etc. While your soup simmers in front of you, a refrigerated conveyor belt that runs past every table provides a parade of ingredients you can grab - vegetables, Tofu, seafood, raw eggs, more. Every color coded plate has a different price. We figured out how to poach the eggs in our soup ladles, really changed the flavor of the soup in a positive way.  Be careful with the "sponge tofu", if this soaked in your spicy broth it will deliver a blast of hot temperature AND hot spicy broth directly to the back of your throat.

This was a fun time, we got in around 5.30 PM on a week day with no reservation.  Even with expensive beef and multiple ingredient plates, our check was less than $50 for a 1.5 hour meal.
I can definitely walk away from here feeling like a chubby cattle. This place has amazing tasting broth with excellent quality meats. 

Upon walking in, you are greeted right away. If there is a wait, they will let you know apx how long and if you would like to wait to fill out their screen with info so they could text and call you when you are up. This is a great concept as you can go elsewhere and grab a drink or tour Ctown as you are waiting for a table.

Once seated, the server comes by and gives you a tour of the menu and of the different type of cuts they carry. They have about 5 different broths to chose from and tons of veggies, noodles, and meats. They also have a conveyor belt of items that you can just grab from (charged based on color of the plate).

We decided to try the oxtail broth and the miso one. My kids loved the miso while my husband and I really enjoyed the oxtail. Since the kids wanted miso, we added chili peppers into ours to give it a nice kick. They bring out a tray of condiments and their specialty sauce so you can add whatever you like to your broth and sauce to fit your liking. We made sure to add in extra cilantro and some garlic to both broth and house sauce. One thing I enjoyed in regards to the broth is that they actually refill your pot with the actual broth you ordered instead of a standard veggie or chicken broth like most places.
 
Since we were unsure of which cut of meat to get, we decided to try the sampler. Favorite off of this was definitely the wagu. Next time we come, that's probably what we will mostly be ordering. It was so buttery and melt in your mouth delicious.

We were seated at a table that didn't have a family sharing pot, so that was a bit difficult. They stated that they normally save those tables for larger parties of 6 or more. We didn't use 2 of the stove tops, so I do recommend them getting something to cover it so it could be used as extra table space. The table was a tad cramped, but it didn't stop us from enjoying our time there.

I can't wait to come back and actually try some of their other specialties.
I have only been here for the hot pot and no other items on the menu, but I must say, it's AMAZING. By far, my favorite Hot Pot place in the city. The broth is so flavorful and the items are so fresh. Service is always so nice. It's a bit pricier than other Hot Pot places in C-Town, but I think it's totally worth it.

Beef is so fresh and having choices of the different cuts was a major plus! My kids love the food belt. They like opening the windows and grabbing the items they want to eat. Sometimes, I think they go a tad overboard though.

For those looking for deals - they have Yelp check-in offers, Happy hour specials, and on certain days have BOGO meats deal for teachers, veterans, students and medical professionals.  I'm a first responder and we asked if that was included. The manager said yes, so SCORE FOR US!! :-) 

They really do try and make the experience a great one for you, so make sure you check them out.
Best dinner ever! You choose your broth and what you'd like in it. We had the Kobe beef, spicy broth, glass noodles, rainbow dumplings, pork meatballs, and shiitake mushrooms. It was AMAZING!! Don't bother with the quail eggs or lobster balls from the conveyer belt. They are no where near as good as the rest of what we had. The environment is exciting and busy but the service is amazing! I have to say I think this place is good for all types of dinning groups! Family's, friends, dates... maybe not business. But it's a fantastic adventure with amazing food!
When you first walk into this restaurant, the greeters n waiters were so friendly and right away we got a seat. The whole concept of conveyor belt with food on it is fun and we just watch the food go around and around. But on there is mostly veggies. The soup base was good with strong beef broth. N if u come during happy hrs, they just left the stuff on there without adding new stuff til the happy hr ends. Between me n my friend, we order enough food that we had decent amount of leftover to bring home. But the price still came out to be $45 a person with tips. I would say it is quite pricy for hotpot. 

Food wise, the beef is pretty good but have a lot of fat. I love the lamb shank. Broth is strong n smooth. The beef screwer is so small n tiny n sad n expensive!!!!! Oh, n super salty too. Price wise is pretty expensive too. I won't say that I have to come back but the experience was quit different.
I love technology, but I still felt so old as a mid-20-something coming here because of the technology, haha. Tons of options to choose from, from soup bases to meats to seafood to veggies. I'd recommend the tomato oxtail soup base, purple yam noodles, wagyu brisket, and enoki mushrooms to start (but I also pulled 10 plates off the conveyor belt)...Sooyoung was our waiter and was great, but really all of the staff were very accommodating and friendly. 

Also tried the wagyu beef, pork dumplings, medium spicy soup base, tripe, corn, green tea noodles, seaweed knots, and a bunch of other stuff! Didn't love the quail eggs since I was expecting a different type...but overall a fun place to eat.
Daniel was a great server.  The tomato broth was really tasty.  My only complaint was that the meat sampler was a bit over priced.  Overall really great!!!
I like that you can have your own broth while sharing ingredients. Good for mixed vegetarian and meat eating group. For vegetarians, make sure that your broth is actually veggie. I went once and my broth had meat
This place caught my eye because of the conveyor belt of food that circles the tables. Unfortunately it was closed and I didn't realize until we got seated. Other than the belt being closed the place was one of the best. We were a party of 4 so we each got a different base which were regular, miso, tomato oxtail, and spicy (lowest spicy level). Out of all of them I think the tomato oxtail was the best. Each seat has a burner so you get your own bowl. They have a split bowl so you can get two bases but it's not available at the smaller tables. Everything was high quality and if you spring for the A5 Wagyu you won't be disappointed. Some of the other items we ordered were wagyu beef dumplings, shrimp wontons, ribeye, shrimp, enoki mushrooms, and bok choy. There was some mushroom variety that came in a wooden basket that the table next to us ordered. I was somewhat jealous since there were several mushrooms included some of which I've never seen before. Aside from hot pot items we ordered wings that came with a creamy sweet chili sauce which I thought was pretty tasty. Also the scallion pancakes were a big hit. I definitely will be back but am waiting for the conveyor belt to be back in action.
Came here on a chilly winter evening and had a lot of fun experiencing the exquisite hot pot.

The meats were perfectly cut, veggies fresh and tiger shrimp on point! To top it off, our server Sammy always made sure that we had everything we needed.

I will definitely return to try more of their soup bases.
Wow.  This hot pot thing is definitely something.  My first time.  It is very similar in concept to meat fondue which I had as a kid.  Cook delicious things in a pot of boiling soup.  Let cool down.  Dip in great sauce.  Eat.  I really liked the food itself - high quality wagyu beef (cooks in seconds!!), lots of veggies, mushrooms, noodles.  And my level 2 hot soup was indeed loaded with chilis and gave me some great tingles!  Service was very attentive!  My company was also stellar!  But here's the thing:  it was all so chaotic!  And dare I say, almost stressful!  Sure, a lot of it was because it was my first time.  But other stuff could have been made clearer.  What's with the conveyor belt?  It was hard to figure out what's what, how much it costs, etc.  Then there are the cooking times.  Meat was cooked in seconds, noodles took about 5-7 minutes, veggies?, mushrooms?  Then the utensils- do i put the chopsticks in the pot?  Do I ladel?  Why does my brother have a solid ladel and mine is more like a strainer?  Then there is no space for this stuff on the table.  Four hot pots, huge baskets with veggies and massive meat displays...I literally couldn't get to my food at times.  This is not to mention that that pot is boiling, and you get boiling spice level 2 in your lap and your hands and your mouth.  Oh, and the choices of meats (several different cuts of beef, pork lamb etc., and seafood) 10 different mushrooms! Etc etc, also, it's very unclear how much food is in one of the many "combos" (is it enough for the group?).  Oh it's ok,  you can always order more of whatever (just flag someone down,  and then wait for an unknown time). oh and don't forget there are 20 different things on the conveyor belt coming at you!!  Better think fast!!!  Oh, don't overcook that meat!!  Oh god!  I lost the scallop!!  What is that big black thing I just fished out of my pot??  Can I eat it??
We went here strictly based on Yelp recommendations. We had never done hot pot before, so we took a chance on a new experience. We did put ourselves on the wait list before leaving the hotel, and twenty minutes later we arrived. Nobody greeted us while we waited another fifteen minutes in the doorway. Finally, we were told it would be another 20 minutes. This meant 50 minutes of waiting when the wait list said 25. Once we got seated it was a while before our server came by. He asked for our order and we told him we were noobs, and he gave us a basic run down of "pick your broth, meat, noodles and veggies". Ok. I asked what was popular and was told to get whatever I like. Ok. He came back a few months I mean minutes later and we ordered. As he was taking our menus, I asked "can we give you our drink orders?" -__- We received no instructions on how to prepare or eat this once everything arrived, so we just looked it up on YouTube. I was excited to try this joint because of the reviews saying how amazing service was, but that's the reason for the mediocre rating. The food was fresh and good, but they also took the sauces away ten minutes after giving them to us. Apparently we were supposed to make our own concoction but I'm not sure where because we didn't have anything to mix them in. I'm sure this place is great if you know what you're doing. Three stars for high food quality.
Favorite hot pot space here in Philly. Brandon was an excellent server who made sure we had what we needed. The house broth is really tasty, as well as their tomato and ox tail. All their meat is fresh and veggies were crisp and tasty. Overall, really solid hot pot and good vibes here.
While traveling for work, and waiting to head the the airport, I had the opportunity to dine here. I'm a hard sell, as I work in the hospitality industry myself. But this was one of the best meals I've had while traveling alone. Not only was the food great (and it was), but the service I received from Jeremy was top notch. 

It has been a couple years since I had hot pot, and I've never done it solo, but Jeremy not only expertly helped guide me through the process, but also ensured that I didn't over-order (as I had a plane to catch, anything I didn't eat would have gone to waste).

This is a great spot, and I will absolutely be back, whenever I end up back in Philadelphia!
I came here for lunch once and it was pretty good. A standard hot pot spot. I think we go there at 12:30 on the weekend and we were able to snag a booth for just two people. It was pretty empty. 

They also have station where you can get sauce. Any sauce. All the sauces.
1. I would say this is one of the most expensive restaurants in Chinatown. I understand the special quality of the beef costs more money to be delivered(I will just skip how expensive the small quantity of the beef are), but what is going on with the balls? We orderd the combination of house special balls which served as the quantity of eight and I think the price is 15 or 16 . (By doing the math, one ball cost 2 dollars? Tbh you either have to order at least two more to full your stomache if you are not going alone or you are in diet) Since we are not going to spend 200 dollars on a hotpot, so we did not order that much and went to another restaurant after this. 

2. Besides the price, there is no waiting area in the restaurant, we were waiting at the entrance area which it got very crowed when there are new customers walk in. By the way, we waited for almost 40 min for the table.

3. Sauce!!! I  have no idea to describe the sauce. After you order everything you want for your hotpot, they will bring the sauces to you, which you can mix to get your fav sauce, but the base they provide for everyone is so awww....really sour?? why you put the lemon in it?    After I mix the sauces all  I taste is sour.

Long story short, it tasted good but the price is over my expectation. If you dont care about the money and you like to try some fresh, high quality of beef, you find the right place.  There are so many high cost effective restaurants out there. Enjoy.
Wow just wow! Hands down the best restaurant experience you will get in the whole Philadelphia area. The hot pot style concept is fun but the pristine quality of the ingredients took this to a whole new level. I choose the hellish style broth as my base. Be forewarned that the hellish broth is intense and you should start with the one pepper heat level option, even if you like spicy food. The wagyu beef was amazing and so were all the other ingredients. I will absolutely be back. I would shocked if anybody did not love this restaurant.
This spot is amazing! It's an unforgettable experience and the staff is very helpful! I highly recommend this restaurant with family or friends. Sooyung and Tithy made our experience memorable. I would recommend asking for them as your waiter!
I heard all the fun things surrounding the first conveyor hot pot place in Chinatown and I just had to try it out! I love it! As you walk you, you are greeted by multiple people to make sure you're queued in line. They quoted about 45 minutes, but I had a table less than 15 minutes. You get about 6 options for soup base and I picked the original and it was bomb. Like I could sit there and just drink the soup alone and be content. I was with 3 other friends so I got to try 3 other soup bases and they were all different and good in their own way. They set you up with soy sauce with vinegar and garnishes on a little tray for you to add to your sauce.The beef and pork belly was fresh. Everything was fresh and cutely plated.  Kiki was helpful and explained how to use all the little nicknacks at the table. We were able to grab the trays off the conveyor ourselves and they do have quite a good selection available for any eating mood that you are in. I would come back!
This place is good just for hotpot, i like their tomato beef soup based.
But i do not recommend you eat wagyu beef at all. Overall wagyu beef was a rip off and not tasty. I orderd the skewer and thei foie gras sashimi.... the foie gras has already melted,watery..gross...
The skewer was so tiny, and skinny... nope nope...never coming back.
We really had a good time creating our own special dishes. Being our first time, it was hard to decide. Waitress helped us with ordering, but failed to mention that the spicy soup broth was made with chili oil which left a film on the top of the soup. It was spicier than we were expecting. The mushroom broth was the best one! It was sipping worthy. We enjoyed adding cabbage and noodles, but the lettuce was best used for cooling off our mouths after all the spice of the broth. 3 of ate for $60 which was pretty good.
The experienced was great but the food wasn't anything special.  The amount of food you get from their meat selection is not much and its pricey. The quality of wagyu wasn't great either.
Just a heads up . This restaurant is definitely about quality and not quantity. 
Grade A5 wagyu beef .... melts in your mouth . It was a good experience eating at the place. Just wish they gave more with the portions 

Cons: had to wait for a server to greet up , actually had to ask the manager for a server.

Waited for a long time got there and waited an hour for a table , so waiting for a server to serve my party wasn't pleasant. 

Definitely a place to try but be aware you will be waiting
I was craving hot pot today and happened to hear of this restaurant opening so I thought I'd give it a try and I don't regret it. This restaurant is definitely a quality over quantity place. While it doesn't offer all you can eat options as the other hot pot places in Chinatown, this definitely still fills you up. They first allow you to customize your own sauce and then give your selected hot pot. My girlfriend and I ordered 2oz of A5 Wagyu $24, beef combo $25, wagyu bibimbap $15, and a couple other sides (water cress, quail eggs, udon noodles, and enoki mushrooms). Kind of pricey but it's worth the experience in my opinion. Conveyor belt was there to serve vegetables and sides. For first timers, I'd recommended starting with the beef combo and the bibimbap. Service was very attentive and excellent. Our waitress, Simin, helped us out and explained the orders. Overall, it was a great experience and I will return again.
This place was awesome. Brandon was a great server. He recommended a bunch of different things for our first time here. It was a very different and fun experience for our date night. Would go again. Very unique place.
We've been told that this place is the best hot pot place in Philadelphia, but I feel like there are a few things are preventing this place from really being as great as it could be. First of all, there is almost always a wait. We were told that it would be 20 minutes, but it ended up being closer to 40 minutes. The menu is a la carte, and the portions are small. The small hot pot is in the table and in front of each person at the table and the soup has to be gotten separately fo each person. Their "sauce bar" is non-existent; your options are limited to what is on a small pallet. But aesthetically, this place is gorgeous. All of the ingredients are brought out plated like perfection. The conveyor belt is great for instantly getting what you want to add to your hot pot. Their service is also great. All of their servers are knowledgeable and attentive. This is definitely more of a planned date night place, and less of a satisfy-your-hot-pot-craving kinda place.
