Even starving, the food wasn't great to all three of us.  Long ago, I had given up on airport food. 

However, I needed to take my vitamins, had not eaten in over half a day because the time of my flight, and my bosses wanted to eat.  It'll be awkward and very high-maintenance gay of me to just seat and watch them eat.  So I got the Tuna Ahi BLT.  No salad thank you.  My bosses got the salad and they served that first.  Male boss said his Mandarin oranges and beets tasted like they came from a can.  

I was not expecting much. 

Then my sandwich came and the Tuna Ahi was way overcooked.  Maybe I should be glad if the quality of the tuna ahi wasn't great.  I know, it's crazy I even ordered Ahi at an airport.  Whatevers, I want what I want.  It definitely didn't tastes great being overcooked though.  

Service was at least good.  

Prices were good too for the kind of place it was in an airport.

It was my first meal at the airport that wasn't fast or express and came with service.  I reconfirmed my position to only get Jamba Juice smoothies at airports if I'm lucky.
1. Employee at the counter prepared salads with her bare hands. That is, she scooped up salad greens with her hands. No gloves. And this was right after she had handled cash and credit cards from customers

2. I ordered a 12 dollar Arrabiata Linguine. Tomato sauce, chillies, garlic and parmesan. I was eating it and discovered some pieces of beef. The noodles were thrown away immediately. As a vegetarian and a Hindu, not only was the addition of beef unwarranted it was also offensive

3. Watching them make their salads was quite a scary experience. The same tongs are used to pick up everything: from lettuce, tomatoes, onions, chicken, cheese, croutons etc. If you have any sort of allergies or dietary restrictions (vegetarian/vegan) steer away from this nightmare

I am writing this review from Athens. That is how upset I was at my experience at Cibo that I wanted to let people know ASAP about the travesty that this place is.

I know people don't really look at reviews when picking a place to eat at an airport. But if I could dissuade anyone from eating and spending hard-earned money there, I'll feel better. Not only do they fail several health code violations...their employees and food lacks basic decency. Avoid at all costs.
I gotta say this is a good option if you have an hour or more between or before flights.  The automated use of the iPad to order and pay for the food is such a great and easy option!

The staff are attentive to your needs and there to assist you if you can't navigate the menus in the screen.  

The prices are reasonable for airport food and drink.  The service was prompt!
What! Who are these people reviewing? First, you can't judge airport food against normal food. Airport food after security is on a lower scale...it's just life.

Taking that into account, Cibo is actually some pretty solid airport food. I had the ahi tuna entree and a salad.....this ended up being one of the best airport meals I've had in a while.

Recommended.
This is a first-timer review as I've never been to this eatery before. 

I arrived and ordered from one of the screens near the terminal walkway, not knowing 'the flow' of the place. I then saw tables available and asked to be sat there even though I just ordered at a screen. I was asked if I already paid at the touchscreen and I said that option did not appear. The server looked puzzled and proceeded to seat me. As we went to the table, I told her I had not eaten here before so I needed some guidance from her since it seemed I was out of sync with them. She confirmed again that I had not paid and then asked if I told someone that I was going to sit down. I reminded her I had not been here before and she took the order ticket from me and go to the kitchen with it. 

I wasn't asked if I wanted something to drink or to change anything about my order (like add an appetizer). 

20 minutes later, I still had no food, so I flagged down a server and she brought it immediately. Strange. 

I ordered the mushroom ravioli. When I took my first bite, I was immediately repulsed. The salt content of their sauce is astronomical. So. Much. Salt. It's like the cook lost the salt shaker in the sauce. I scraped off their sauce from each ravioli as I ate them. 

During my meal, nobody came to check on me. When I finished eating, I sat around for 10 minutes and still nobody came. By this point I had it with the service and quality of the place so I put my cash payment on the table and left. Even as I was walking out nobody stopped me. I honestly could have walked out without paying. Ridiculous!

Epically terrible from start to finish. I don't recommend it and won't be returning.
I'm very negative on airport cuisine as it's usually overpriced, pre-made, run of the mill food-like substances.  Cibo was a refreshing deviation from my usual experience.  I ordered the roasted beet salad and added grilled chicken breast. It was a combo of romaine lettuce and cucumber slices with a few golden beet slices and a large amount of diced, roasted red beets in a lite vinaigrette.  The added chicken breast was 4 large tender and moist grilled slices.  I was Wowed and ate every scrap of this delightful repast.  My dining partners enjoyed very attractive and tasty Caprese salads with thick slices of mozzarella and some of the plumpest, prettiest and tastiest tomato slices I've seen in captivity. All this with a nice selection of beers (bottled only), wines and bar drinks served by pleasant and efficient servers.  I may have to amend my outlook and more mindfully 'look out' for quality airport options.
For an airport restaurant I would rate this five star. Yes, it's very overpriced (the bill for 2 of us with drinks was close to $100) but the selections are varied with several healthy dishes (beet salad, roasted brussel sprouts etc). My husband is fussy about "fine dining" so this fit his standards for atmosphere (the prices scare away travelers with children), food and drink selections. Service was gracious and attentive. If you have the time, it's worth coming here for a relaxing meal
Ok ordered Bloody Mary and coffee for my drinks. For the price of the bloody mary, it is small. The shrimp and grits are supposed to be sautéed large shrimp in creole sauce served over cheddar grits and sunny side up egg. I was really excited for this dish. Then i took a bite and disappointment hit. The creole sauce tastes like Pace salsa and regardless of trying, the grits do not taste like cheddar grits. They actually taste unseasoned. Not worth the price, save your money. Beer selection is awesome. I think I'll try that next time.
Nice enough establishment, however do not order a steak here. TSA regulations say that they are not allowed to provide you with a steak knife. So you will be left to cut your steak with a butter knife. (Not fun in my opinion)

Next is the fact that the steak didn't leave anything to write home about. (Just to help apparently...) a good steak needs no steak sauce, and most good chefs would feel insulted if you use steak sauce on their dish. This one was bitter and bland due to the charred grill pattern. But it didn't seem any salt or black pepper was used to season it prior to sear' 

The wait staff made up for the sub par steak. Even though they didn't have any steak sauce, they provided me with Worcestershire sauce. (Which didn't make it any better, so they let me pick another dish)

I gave them a 3 out of five because it was a decent place and they had decent drinks even with the lack of a good steak or a proper steak knife. The wait staff more than made up for the error and I tipped her well for that. 

If I were flying through here in the future I WOULD stop by again. Fly safe everyone!
We stop at this restaurant on our way back home. We were pleasantly surprise with this airport restaurant.  Menu offers a variety of hot and cold entrees. Avoid the calamari - that was the worst of everything we ordered. The salads were very tasty - generous portions. Pastas as well.

The ordering system is different from other restaurants in the airport. Although sit down, you place the orders via a terminal and someone from the staff will bring it to you. You barely interact with any staff member. 

They offer a full bar - if not in the menu - just ask - they will make it for you.
Sat at the bar. Had a nice pasta and wine. Service was perfect for an airport - fast and pleasant - bartender's name is Stefanie. Food was tasty with medium sized portions, also perfect for airport. 

If management is out there, please let me know the name of the wine I had. Receipt says G MAIN CAB and it was $13.50 a glass. It was delicious! This was in January 2017. Flavor is very memorable but not the name. I'd be very grateful for the name of this wine! Thank you!
I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered special off the menu, the chef had no problem accommodating. It was delicious hot and fresh. See my photo. Best airport food I've had in memory. Service was very good and fast!
Nice place for a quick take out from the fridge case for an in-flight meal.  Remember this is airport food.  The ham, provolone, watercress sandwich on multigrain bread was well made.  The bread was a little soggy but the watercress was peppery but a little wilted.  The tomato was mealy.  The cheese was good with a nice sharp flavor.

Granted it was a good sandwich which could have been better but probably had been sitting around a bit in the fridge case.  But lets be honest this is airport food, expect lower quality and higher prices for it.  IT was a fast pick up and quick check out which makes up for it at the airport in between connections.

As a side note they had single size Pellegrino rather then the ubiquitous perrier, which is a plus in my book.
Airport food just plain ole sucks...unless you are at the JFK Jet Blue terminal but now i've found a great stop at the philadelphia airport.  CIBO Bistro and Wine Bar is YUM.  We had a couple of hours to spare one morning and i wanted a cheeseburger and a yummy cheeseburger I got!  There's a kiosk for ordering to go as well as a full bar.  

I wonder if Cibo is the same cibo to go food I always used to see at the JetBlue JFK Terminal?
If you want a sit down meal, a soda and a burger... This is the spot! The burger was fantastic! Medium rare with buffalo mozarella wow! Skip the booze though, one mixed drink was $11!
Beats expectations for an airport restaurant.  Our server was very attentive and friendly.  The wine selection was good.  We shared a pork and brocoli rabe sandwich which was good could have a little more seasoning.  White beans with bacon side dish was tasty! Good decor. 3 star review with an extra for service.
First off the girl behind the bar was super sweet and caring.  My issue was my meal.  Ordered a meatball sandwich with parmigiana fries.  Took about 20 minutes to get the meal.  The meatballs were extremely cold inside and the cheese wasn't melted.  It was also very very dry.   Barely any marinara.  I sent it back.  Another 20 minutes...finally asked for it to go.  I did end up eating part of it at my gate.  It was pretty good except the meatballs still were not what I would consider hot. Lukewarm? My parmigiana fries were gone!  Plain fries.  I did get some key lime pie as well. It was delicious.  I will stop by here next time I'm at this airport but probably won't order any food.  Such a disappointment.
Update....Got on my plane and headed home.  By the time I got home I was stomach sick....I knew better to taste luke warm food that is supposed to be served hot.  Never again will I eat food at that place!
Food: The food here is good, but they are "airport" priced. So you're looking at spending $13.50 for a burger, $10 for a glass of wine, and $6 for a beer. I've eaten here on several separate occasions, so it's good enough for me to keep coming back whenever I'm at this airport. I've had their Turkey BLT and the Cibo Burger. The bacon used in the BLT sandwich is made of turkey meat. The waiter will warn you when you order it. The Cibo Burger is my go-to item here. It has been consistently good. I usually pair it with a local brew from Yards. I just might have to venture out of my comfort zone and try a different menu item the next time I find myself here.

Service and location: The service is usually pretty good and fast. If there's a rush of people stopping for a layover, the service can get slow. Try to find a seat at the bar if you can, the service is consistently good from the bartender. They also have outlets at the bar to charge your mobile devices.
This was a relatively calm place to eat dinner while waiting to catch a plane. The menu is pretty limited, especially for healthy and mindful eaters, but I found the veggie burger to be just fine (it was a little bland so a little salsa on the side would have been a plus). The waitress did not seem attentive, despite the fact that there were not a lot of customers and the place was nearly empty.  I'd give it more stars had I felt service was geared to hurried travelers or the menu more diverse. 

All in all, though, you are a captive audience at this airport, so Cibo might be one of the best options there.
1st cocktail Citrus Mojito was great. 2nd one came out different and not good. Missing the cucumber, etc. 

Seating is squished and not great for making your way around with bags.

Beet salad was not good. Plain and the beets were hard and cooked improperly.

Chicken on the chicken Caesar was dry as can be. 

Salami plate was poorly done. Oil everywhere. Not tasty either. Not sure how you can mess up a salami plate.

Will not b coming back. 

One big plus, our server was very sweet. Younger girl with long brown hair. Super sweet and attentive. Tried to make things work despite not having the ingredients she needed.

Wine selection was poor. Could have added a few great Napa wines to the list..

Vino Volo much much better. Hope these guys overhaul things. 

I hardly ever give low reviews. Hated doing it but needed to be honest so they can improve.
I had the calamari salad there. It was fantastic. Highly recommended.
The only reason this does not get 5 stars was it was really crowded as it was a small space in an Airport. Outside the airport in its own location and this place gets 6 stars. 

Best dinner I've ever had in an airport hands down. In fact all future flights from now on I want to route through Philly and get a layover!!

Situated in a nice location located in terminal B right next to B6 gate. This place was fantastic. Great food and great service. CJ took great care of us letting us know whatever we wanted he'd take care of it.

I stared with fresh Caesar salad as we enjoyed a bread basket with EVOO and balsamic. I ordered the mushroom ravioli after verifying they were made local and fresh. They were very good and the cream sauce on top of them was unbelievable. I could have had a side bowl of that alone. 

Find a seat order some food and enjoy this oasis in Terminal B.
Was this really in an airport???  Best food we have ever had. Pasta pomadora for my husband and mushroom ravioli for me. The wine selections are excellent. Both meals were mouth watering. The Caesar salad was great, too. The owner talked with us at our table for a good long time. What a gem of a guy. This is the kind of service we forgot still existed. We will be back and loved this place. What a nice and escape from traveling-:).
I have never witnessed or received as bad of service than at this establishment. The menu is attractive but they discouraged me from eating there an hour before my flight. Another couple at a nearby table tried ordering a beer using limited English and the service was horrendously rude. I would provide 0 stars if available.
So caught up in the cool, fast ordering technology they forgot about making the food taste good. Really expensive, not worth the $$.
Yes they are fast, but yikes, not a good option. We had 4 different food orders and NONE was good. Better off buying something at a grab and go.
Wine also not good.
Lots better places to spend your high margin airport food cost. Kind of hoping they can step it back up soon...excellent wait staff
Questionable so far. I always try to give early morning staff the benefit of the doubt...but they seem unhappy that their tables are actually filling up. 
The food was pretty good if you can excuse the fact that it was barely lukewarm. Sadly, the service did not improve much during my time in their establishment. Likelihood of a repeat visit? Slim to none.
I was heading home to Indy from a business trip,  when I got to the airport I found out my flight was going to be delayed,  which would have me sitting in the airport for 5 hrs... I was not happy and to add insult to injury, it was delayed AGAIN.. A drink was in order.. I headed to the CiBo Bistro & Wine bar.. my only request to the bartender was something sweet and strong. I probably should've mentioned I'm not a huge, huge fan of coconut rum, but the concoction she mixed was sweet and somewhat strong. I will definitely go back,  especially while waiting on flights...
Pretty nice for airport food. Very quick service which is always great when your rushing for a flight. I had the pan fried tilapia, potatoes and broccoli. Reasonably healthy and tasted great. Salad was pretty lame....iceberg and a tiny bit of tomato, probably cold have done without that.
I can definitely understand why this place doesn't get good ratings. The service is slow and the food is very "blah". I had (at the suggestion of the waitress) the crispy chicken salad (it had some fancy name I already ditched from memory). It was as bland as any salad can be, and it was swimming in dressing. It was like a swimming pool at the bottom of the bowl. The dressing was all vinegar (and I love having vinegar-y dressing, but it was even too much for me). The wine pour was weak - probably only 4oz. The selection of wine was a little boring. Only Pinot Noir was from CA... eh. Not that they don't make a good pinot, but come on. Anyway, I'd be able to go to this airport again and not be upset about going somewhere else. Even though it's busy, I'd suggest trying something else.
Pretty easy and cool experience grabbing something to eat here. Everything is ordered and paid on iPads at your table. The service is good and the food prompt. 

The food is pretty good, not great and a bit expensive but all things you come to expect at an airport restaurant I suppose. 

It was a pretty good experience and I'll come back here when I'm stopping through Philadelphia airport.
Airport bar really? This was fantastic ! Fast friendly service really delicious high quality breakfast and not pricey. Great experience after a long night being bumped off of a US Air flight. 

Bar has plenty of hooks under for your purse and an electric outlet at ever seat. 

This place knows what they are doing.
By airport standards, this is one of the better places I've eaten.  I got the veggie panini, while my tag team partner got a prosciutto panini, while we shared some fries over drinks.  Everything was well prepared, the ingredients were fresh, and we enjoyed the quiet retreat from the hub-bub of the airport terminal.
This place was really crowded and the menu had tons of choices. My ahi tuna salad was huge and filling. Great service! Good place to get a quick bite to eat!
The worst of all breakfast airport joints I've been to.  I ordered at the kiosk instead of having a waitress.  My flight was at 6:45 am and I was in the airport by 5 am, so it was convenient that this place is open that early unlike a lot of others around it. Because I ordered at the kiosk I wasn't allowed to sit at the bar and wait or eat there.  It was bizarre considering the restaurant was empty and I bought food from them.  Also bizarre because it wasn't a quick wait. Took probably 20 mins for my food. But I get it, it was early and I was one of the first customers. 

I got a breakfast sandwich and potatoes with a latte.  Came out to $25? ! Talk about overpriced, under quality airport food.  The potatoes were okay, but the breakfast sandwich was so bland.  I think I needed to get the bagel toasted or something, because it was super stale and dry.

This place did what it had to do, which was fill up my hungry belly.  Definitely won't be back. If all other options are closed, like when I was there maybe try a pre-made option? And definitely toast the bagel!
Great restaurant to go to if you have over an hour to kill before your flight. They have a sit down and take out option of you want to eat by your gate. Prices are reasonable for an airport restaurant ! i got the walnut and beet salad and it was light and refreshing. They usually are busy but i never had to wait to get a table there.
Was looking for a good sit down restaurant in terminal A and chose Cibo because it looked really good. Menu seemed broad. We ordered mushroom ravioli, linguini with meatballs, and rigatoni bolognese, all pretty straight forward dishes.  The mushroom ravioli was all wrong...it needed a cream sauce, not the oniony mixture that it had.  The linguini overall was undercooked, including the meatball, and the rigatoni tasted like it had been microwaved.  The service was lousy top....our waitress was one of those who thought she could memorize everything and forgot salads and entres....which is why the linguini was probably undercooked because she delivered the wrong dish.  Overall, check out the Japanese place down the concourse or the other Italian lace there too. This was not worth $130 for four entres and drinks.
If you're flying within continental North America, don't eat here. Eight or less hours of suffering due to first world type hunger is preferable to the psychological suffering caused by spending so much money on garbage food. I promise this is true. 

Don't get stoned before you get to the airport though, or you'll have munchies and make a mistake like I did. 

If you are flying overseas, just go ahead and get stoned and eat it and try to have a nice flight.
Airport restaurants are good for one thing: a stiff drink or cocktail to help unwind before taking off to your next destination and becoming 'insta-mates' with others in the same boat. There's always a chatty Cathy/Charlie over-sharing or discussing the results of a business meeting and two strangers flirting. It's an enjoyable people watch and always feels like the movie Groundhog Day. 

During my return I opted for a cocktail and needed a little grub so I popped over to Cibo. The service is great, bartender was very friendly and made amazing drinks (everyone was singing her praises), but the food (typical with airport food) left more to be desired. 

I ordered a spiced sangria, side of spinach, deconstructed turkey burger (no cheese) and asked them to omit the Parmesan from the fries. My sangria was the highlight of the meal. The ginger beer gave it a nice kick and helped round it off. Perfect for winter.

Why did I have so many fries?

I ordered a turkey burger, sans cheese, but when it arrived the patty was covered with a bright yellow square and not deconstructed. I informed the bartender and she apologized and sent it back but put the fries on a separate plate so I could nibble during the wait. She was, positively, amazing. The fries were a little salty and the spinach was cooked just the way I like but heavy on the salt, also.

When the new burger came out it was still fully constructed and on a plate with more fries! Everyone at the bar had a good laugh and asked if I had enough or needed an additional order LOL. I was happy to share but sadly no takers. The burger was a processed salty patty and not made from fresh ground turkey. I blame myself bcz I should have inquired before ordering.

Long and short: It's airport food. Don't expect much. Have a delightful cocktail, a few laughs with strangers, and eat at your destination or before arriving if you can. Great service, company, drinks, and bartender.
As far as I know, there are several Cibo locations in the Philadelphia International Airport.

Since we had to catch a flight (and the place was already chock full of diners), we only had time for drinks. The food looked good but, as you know, looks can be deceiving. Speaking of looking good, the interior wasn't too shabby.

I ordered two Washington Apples (at $10/shot) which I found so-so (alcoholic aftertaste), but my fellow drinker liked hers. Vicki, our (cute!) bartender, was friendly and made our shots quickly.

Can't recommend for or against Cibo yet, but will return in due time.
