I'm done with Circles.  In the last year or so, these prices have gotten out of control.  And I'm not one to complain about prices, but you have to be freaking kidding me on this.

My husband and I have been loyal customers since day one.  We would routinely order the same order- tofu pad thai, tofu drunken noodles, and crispy tofu and it would be about $22-23.   On my most recent delivery order for myself, I ordered the tofu drunken noodles and crispy tofu and that alone was over $20??  Wtf!

First of all, the noodle dish has jumped from $9 to $12 in the last year or so.  I know the economy is bad, but seriously?  A 30% increase?  The crispy tofu (which I have to say isn't so good now that massively deep fry it) is $5, which is two bucks more than before.  Really, did the price of tofu really go up 70% in the last year?  Give me a break...  

And to add insult to injury, although I'm a few short blocks away, they charged me a $2 zone fee.  The website clearly says free delivery with orders over $15.  So what gives?  I feel bad but I gave the guy exact change and told him that its because they obviously charged me a delivery fee when it is not posted on their website.   Oh and the price they charged me for my dish ($12) does not match what it says on the menu ($10 +$1 for the tofu).  It may only be a buck, but it just lost Circles a customer.

OK rant over.  I recommended Circles to dozens of people over the years but I'm done with them.  Anyone have a better Thai place that delivers to East Passyunk?
Celebrating a friend's birthday week brought us to Circles & man oh man, was it ever delish!

When you're only in Philly for the weekend & have nothing but cheesesteaks on the brain, the thought of straying out of the comfort-food zone for Thai doesn't come to forefront of mind

But reluctantly we all agreed to head over to Circles & this was after 2 failed attempts at other locations that were closed....fate was smiling down on us!

Talk about 3rd time being the charm!

Best way to describe the food?  Fresh.....like each ingredient had its own standout flavor & combined w/ the others to create a symphony

Started out w/ the Thai Rolls - huge portion!  Lightly crispy crust filled w/ lots of crunchy veggie yumminess & the peanut dipping sauce was an especially good mix

Pad Thai - deemed to be the best my buddy's ever had.....ever.  The duck that she chose to go w/ it?  That was deemed to be a poor pairing choice

Beef Curry deemed to be outstanding - beef was tender & flavorful, veggies were al dente & maintained a lot of flavor

Pumpkin Curry for me!  I asked for it hot as they could make it & it was fantastic.....at first, I was thinking where's the heat but the more I ate, the more the peppers had a chance to work their spicy magic & the afterkick started rushing in.....it was perfection!

Pumpkin was so dense & soft & creamy - the tofu was just a bit chewy (& that's in a very good way).  Made for great texture compliments!

Too full for desserts but we were looking for drinkys (which you won't find here - but you can BYOB)....they kindly guided us to SPTR & it was the perfect nightcap for a wonderful Buddy B-Day!!
I like spicy food a lot, so I got some takeout from Circles Thai restaurant in South Philly. When I think of hot peppers, Thai chili peppers come in mind.
I ordered the Thai rolls for my starter, they are stuffed with minced pork, black mushrooms, cabbage and carrots,. Wrapped in rice paper and fried. They come with a tasty sweet, vinegar dipping sauce and the were delicious! Crispy and tightly wrapped, it was almost like eating a juicy sausage.
For my entree I got the Thai red curry with chicken.  The dish included sliced chicken breast, red and green peppers, bamboo shoots, Thai basil and a super delicious curry sauce overflowing with coconut milk flavor. The dish was great, just as I expected and I can't wait to come back.
Circles offers 3 heat levels to choose from, mild, hot and Thai hot. I chose hot because even though I love spicy food, I know I cannot hang with people who live in a "pepper culture".
I remember eating a a Thai restaurant once and there was a Thai family eating near me. They had a baby with them that was crying loudly. The mother pick out a small chili pepper from her plate and stuck it in the baby's mouth and the baby stopped crying immediately. Whoa.
One day I had a bunch of decorative, but hot peppers that I gave to Noi, a Thai chef and friend and she gave me a few dollars. I said "what's this for?" She said it's a Thai custom that you have to give money to whoever gives you peppers. Whoa.  
That's why I am careful when it says "Thai hot"
BRAD - God?
GOD - Yes, Brad?
BRAD - Oh my God! Is that you?
GOD - Yes. I answer all of my Jews personally. Why do you think you are "The Chosen People"?
BRAD - I..I didn't think you'd answer. I...I...
GOD - Look. Let's not waste any time here. I know what you were going to pray for. After all, I know everything. Here. I have created it - a place that will deliver delicious Thai chicken red curry to your house. It is called Circles. I've sent their number to your e-mail. I've got to go.

and that was the time I spoke to God.
Circles can count me amongst their many fans. After several deliveries and one dine-in experience, they have earned themselves a spot in my go-to Thai restaurants. I will say though, on occasion, food has been too salty. The lemongrass soup I ordered most recently was a big offender. But other than that, I'm happy with the eats. 

If you can get over to the restaurant, it's actually quite nice and they do a crazy bargain-priced lunch with three courses for under ten bucks. I'm a fan of any of their noodle dishes, but I hear great things about the curries as well.
After deciding what to eat (always a dilemma!) I placed my order of Thai Putty Noodles ($13.00) and Thai coffee ($3.00) for delivery, and it took about 60 minutes for it to be delivered. 

It's sort of astonishing how few simple ingredients--basically egg noodles, bok choy, and chicken--can mingle with smooth peanut butter sauce to create a sophisticated dish like Thai Peanutty Noodles. The portion was generous -- plenty for leftover, and it tasted good, even though I thought the peanut butter flavor was a little bit overpowering (and I love PB). Also, the Thai coffee was too sweet.

I'll be ordering from Circles soon. Maybe I'll try their Pad Thai or/and Pad Woonsen.

Three solid Yelps. For now!
We love Circles! We've been fans ever since they opened this original location. We now just stop by for takeout because unfortunately the dining area has closed which is a true shame as Point Breeze is really booming and will continue to do so. 

My kids beg for Circles!!! The tofu corn fritters are their favorite. They can really house those suckers!! They are incredible! Fried golden goodness filled with creamy tofu, oozing cheese and corn. They come with what looks like a duck sauce for dipping with a chunk of lump crab in it. You MUST try them! Even if you're not a fan of tofu, do it!!! Do It! 

We have never been disappointed by Circles. I'm pretty sure between my entire family we have had every single dish on the menu. No joke. My brother who lives in Thailand for several years gives it the thumbs up so that says something. 

Personally, as a vegan, I drool over the seitan burrito!! Oh my goodness I'm craving it now. Literally drooling. It's huge, inexpensive and delicious!!! Grilled seitan, curry rice, and edamame puree with seasonal greens! It's incredible. It's also a zillion calories I'm sure, but definitely worth the extra dance class needed to burn it off! 
Their pumpkin curry is another favorite! It's not the prettiest dish, but it sure is tasty! A must try especially in cooler weather!! The massaman and pineapple currys are great too. 

The eggplant is yummy as is the vegan salad and summer rolls. 

The papaya salad does have fish sauce. They once made it for me without however. Can't hurt to ask. 

We all highly recommend Circles! You can't go wrong with any dish! Make sure to leave some room for mango sticky rice!

 I personally like this location better than Northern Liberties.

The food is ready fast and they do deliver!
I'm pretty sure Circles thinks I'm running a brothel out of my apartment. Every time a delivery guy comes over, I have a different friend answer the door and the last time, he even asked, "Wow, how many live here? Always party, eh?" 

On days when I don't care about healthy eating or talking on the phone, I turn to Circles. I place my order before 3pm, I pay no more than $12 for my Pad See Eew, spring roll, soup, and dessert (it's part of an $8.95 lunch special), and I get to eat within the comfort of my living room. While it's not amazing Thai, I'm always happy to find a smorgasbord of options, even when all I eat is the Pad See Eew...the rest goes to my dog and he loves it.
I love Asian food, okay? And between myself, who waitressed at Chinese and Thai restaurants in college and my boyfriend, who studied abroad in Beijing, we eat a lot of it.

A friend met me at Circles this past Friday night for dinner at 7:30. I had heard amazing things via Yelp- that it was South Philly's favorite take-out spot and the establishment had recently opened a dining room. I hopped on the bus with a half-empty bottle of wine (classy, right?) and kept my eyes peeled for Circles.

The place was empty. Strange, I thought, for a Friday night. It didn't scare me though- I knew the food would be good. And boy, was it.

We started with summer rolls. Three fatties stuffed with fresh ingredients and wrapped in perfectly chewy rice paper. Drunken noodles with chicken and panang curry with tofu (ordered "white girl spicy") followed shortly after. They were the BEST drunken noodles I've had in Philadelphia, hands down- chock full of veggies and not too greasy. The panang was also excellent, though I wish they used string beans instead of peas. Note: Apparently they have both fried and soft tofu, which I learned about after the fact- you can specify when you order. 

Suddenly it was 10pm and my friend and I were still finishing our wine. Oops! We were the ONLY customers in the restaurant for two and a half hours. I felt terrible- they could have closed early if we had left shortly after eating. The owner was super friendly and send us home with take-out menus and 15% off coupons.

Go to Circles, now! We gotta keep this place open! If you're lucky enough to live in the Queen Village area, you might find a door hanger flyer with a $10 off voucher. Love those coups.
Thai spice green curry?  Yes please!   Circles lives up to the hype with great prices, generous portions, & quality food.

I didn't think seitan could be succulent until I savored Circles' satay.  Even though I fell into their extended delivery zone the skewers (wrapped in aluminum) were  piping hot upon arrival.  It took a bit of time to get through on their phone lines (Sunday evening ~7) but it's well worth the effort.*

The oh-so-practical extended delivery map is greatly appreciated & well worth the extra $$.

*If you call sitting on your ass at home hitting redial an "effort."
You're in for a treat today folks, this will be a short, yet sweet review! My husband and I had quite a large brunch at the Mercer Cafe before a Sunday Matinee at the Academy of Music and decided to stop by Circles after the play for appetizers only.
 
Circles is actually a combination of two different buildings across the street from each other. One is for take out and delivery and the other is for sit down dining with servers. However the kitchen for the sit down dining is still across the street at the take out store. Yes, it was a bit confusing, especially watching the waiter continually run in and out the side door to pick up food to bring into the restaurant.
 
There was only one waiter on, but they do a great business and the owner/manager? Quickly jumped in the pick up the speed of service, which was cool, especially with no tables left to seat and many were sitting around cluttered with dirty dishes during our entire time spent there.
 
Michael and I shared the shrimp summer rolls, the vegetable spring rolls, the pan fried pork and crab dumplings and the curry crab Rangoon. All of the portions were beyond generous, everything was fresh and amazing and their sauces which accompanied each appetizer was liquid heaven. We ended up bringing a lot of it home and their prices for the portions you receive makes one wonder how they make a profit.
 
I was very impressed by what we tasted and was sorry that we had such a large brunch as the beautiful dishes that were being served to the surrounding tables made me jealous, especially the curry dishes which perfumed the air as they passed by. Next time and there will be a next time, I will walk in very hungry!
Okay. . Okay. ..OKAY! This place is unreal when it comes to true authenticity, Circles you have won me over with your Thai cuisine. What to expect when entering Circles? A nice cozy atmosphere, with a home like feel to it is what you'll experience. Oh and again let us not forget what else Circles offers you. Banging Thai food, pretty much Circles is on point !

Lets dive into this review before I go crazy like, Chip Kelly to the Eagles 2015 roster.   

Our appetizers we had gone with Crab Rangoon, along with Crab and Pork dumplings.  
Crab Rangoon ~ These were simply delicious with  a curry cheese mixed with the crabmeat. This is a must order, plus with that sweet plum sauce they give you is pretty damn good.  
Crab and Pork dumplings~ Stuffed with nice healthy pieces of crab mixed with shredded pork is what you'd expect to bite into! These were pan seared to perfection, with a soy vinegrette to make anyone go crazy. AMAZEballs, this is another must order.  

The Main course.
 The meal I went with was Spicy Drunken Noodles with chicken , or better known as a Pad Kee Mow.  Oh my goodness this was delicious.  An ensemble of flavors that will rock your world with the perfect amount of spice. That garlic taste that is not over powering, with that basil flavor that will erupt like Mt. Vesuvius . I'm pretty sure your taste buds will be doing the "bull dance" feeling the flow with every bite. Mixed with chicken and vegetables this is perfectly blended with the right amount of spices will put a smile on your face, that and a slight moan. 

If you need to, you can amp up the heat factor with their house made hot peppers they offer, along with other sides. I do love a spicy kick that will  intensify my experience. 

I almost forgot to mention while you're waiting for you meal, which is not long. They prepare your meal across the street, this is where the kitchen is located. Don't be surprised when you see the waitress coming in and out with a tray of deliciousness.  You can also order take out across the street in case you are on the go.

The service was great, the establishment is clean and they'll treat you right. A great BYOB joint that serves an awesome Thai Ice Tea that is refreshing while you enjoy your meal.
For months I've been hearing talk of Circles and its extraordinary curry dishes. So when my friend suggested hitting up a Thai place before going to the Yelp Sham Rocks party at Molly Malloy's, it was the first spot on my mind despite our original plan to hit up Chinatown. And when it comes down to it it might of just dished out some of the best Thai flavors that that I've ever experienced.

The Somtum salad was a blend of carrots, peanuts, and green papaya washed in a lime dressing, and was equal parts sweet and spicy. My friend went with the pumpkin curry that had an ample amount of chicken and Kombucha pumpkin at a medium spice; and I went for the Penang Curry that mixed tenderized beef with peppers, snowpeas, and carrots. And since Han has taught me to live vicariously through my spicy choices I decided to kick things up to the high level of heat.

The service we had was extra attentive, and Circles doubles it over for their delivery service which operates in the building across from the dining area and handles the food prep (There was something cool about watching the server bring the tray of food from the other building.). Add in the fact that Circles has a good lunch special, and also doubles up as a spot for Thai coffee and boba teas and you have more reason to love it!
Since my o.g. review we've ordered delivery from Circles more times than I can count. OK. I can count past 11, but it seems strangely less embarrassing to gush, "more times than I can count," than the true, true truth of the matter.

There has to be more to it...I'm not just some kinda lazy Summer animal that refuses to lift a finger or light a stove. Am I? Oh yeah, but also... 

Also, Circles has been consistently pretty tasty business. Thai hot, baby.
The most exciting, encouraging thing was when I opened my container of Pad Kee Mao and was hit right in the face with wok hei. 

I know, I know, I'm speaking Chinese now?  That wouldn't be the term in the Thai language but how else to describe that, "breath of the wok," flavor that can only be imparted through stir-frying in a well seasoned, well sizzling wok? Ahhhh, wok-breath...

The thin slices of chicken were slightly tinged with flecks of wok-y char... the wide noodles too grabbed the taste. It's all the difference in the world! Circles pulled off a very very decent Pad kee Mao. Plenty of my favorite Thai basil throughout...and bell peppers and chiles. 

I appreciate that Circles heeded my semi-desperate pleading to make my dishes, "Thai hot... Really, Thai hot. Extra, extra, OK?" They sent me some extra nam pla on the side (Thai bird chiles + fish sauce), as I had requested.  I like a little explosion here and there of added bright chile heat and pungent salt on those drunken noodles. So ummm...are you picking up that the Pad Kee Mao was enjoyed? It was. 

We also split the pumpkin curry which was a tasty plate. It's really filling; dense and creamy pumpkin chunks are suspended in rich, sweet and spicy, velvety curry. Husband was crazy about this curry. I liked, he loved.  

He is a pumpkin aficionado, I should point out. Loves all matter of squashes and the like. "Is there anything better than a gourd?" he's been known to ask. It just happened again tonight. I've accused him of marrying me for my pumpkin-head. He requested the pumpkin curry with beef and I was surprised at how they somewhat large hunks were pretty tender though very closely approaching dry territory. 

I thought it odd, as I ordered delivery through grubhub, that under each entree selection there is the option for requesting extra meat or vegetables for an extra dollar or two. I realized, during our meal of course, that, "OHhh, it's cause they're light on the meat." Actually I wasn't bothered at all.

But say you and your dining partner are splitting a couple of dishes though-  I could see how this scant meat situation *could* lead to misunderstandings...maybe angry allegations being hurled like, "What in the? Did you seriously gank all the chicken?" 

No, no....there just wasn't that much in there.

I haven't had a great tom yum in forever and that streak continues, sadly. I could bloviate on and on about how, in my opinion, so much of the crucial balance of great Thai food can be analyzed in breaking down a perfect hot bowl of this beautiful, bright lemongrass soup. Hot, sour, salty, sweet; sing it all together now. Alas Circles' tom yum tonight was a murky salt bomb. Nah.

I'm happy that we gave Circles a shot. 100% chance that we'll order delivery from them again. It's good to know that hot Pad Kee Mao can be mine in the night....in less than an hour, even!  Their menu is now living in our special Bad Badtz Maru folder of take-out menus. Welcome to the folder, Circles... Welcome indeed.
Delivery Pizza? Pshh.... been there, done that. 

Delivery Thai? Hell freaking YES!

My roommate and I ordered Pad Thai and Beef Panang Curry (fave!!), which is what we normally would order at Thai restaurants. It serves as a standard comparison to decide if we'd be coming back. Circles passed with flying colors! The Pad Thai was really good and a lot better and cheaper than some of the places I've tried in Center City. Lots of flavor, good portion size, and was $8.95 I believe. The curry was also quite tasty. I love it when you can really taste all the spices and basil and this was really good. The beef was served in cubes rather than thin slices like I'm used to, but it was so deliciously tender. mMmM! It also came with bell peppers. My two gripes about the curry is that it was a little too liquidy and I like some thickness to my curry. Secondly, to compensate for the high liquid:solid ratio, they threw in a bunch of frozen peas and carrots which just sat at the bottom of the curry. Regardless, I will definitely will be ordering again :) 

Great meal for not wanting to leave the house and not wanting to cook. Oh, and delivery is free if your order is over $10.
At Tasker & Hicks there's a little shanty that serves takeout food from behind plexiglass. I believe the restaurant name is written on the door with marker. Please set aside your prejudices. You would never know from its modest appearance but Circles serves the best Thai food in town. The staff is super friendly. The delivery is speedy. 

Some of the dishes I love from there include the green curry tofu, eggplant stinger, calamari, crabmeat fried rice, basil fried rice, tom kha soup, crab pad thai, and seared salmon. 

I once ordered the coconut custard dessert. It was served warm and delicious. But more notably it arrived, via delivery, in four bite size servings--each one housed in a pretty nice hand painted ceramic dish. I don't know if they always come that way but I love that I got to keep the cool little bowls. I reuse them often. They're suited perfectly for soy sauce and wasabi. 

I don't know what more to say about their food other than you have to taste it for yourself. It's so good. I could eat their food everyday for the rest of my life and it would never get old.
I was hanging out on Passayunk Avenue with my beautiful wife Erin M and our friend Pam S. We looked for a vegetarian friendly restaurant. Top ten things you won't find in that area. Pam suggested a short walk to Circles. With no other options close by Erin and I quickly agreed.

I am thrilled we did.  We started with spring rolls which were fine. Its really hard to make a mind-blowing or bad spring roll. But where Circles started winning me over was with the seitan satay skewers. So delicious. Why do you need to have chicken if you have this?

Erin and I shared the drunken noodles and the pumpkin curry. The drunken noodles were a classic savory Asian dish. Delicious and you love it but then you try the pumpkin curry. Possibly one the very best dishes available in Philadelphia. Creamy, spicy and pumpkiny. You know how pumpkin beer sounds great but never works? This is the exact opposite: it sounds a little weird but then works on every level.

I would be thrilled to go back to Circles. I tend to think they probably make a lot of things very well but it will be hard to get me to try things besides the seitan satay and the pumpkin curry.
I used to frequent this place and lived next door before it turned into a Thai food take out spot! And let me tell you, it's a great addition to the developing community. 

Food- pad saew- generous portion. Flavors were so good, not too "soy saucy" with a lot of beef! So damn good

Crab Rangoon- filled with an interesting gathering of flavors and textures from creamy cream cheese to crunchy perfectly fried doughy crust to an interesting kick of Indian curry flavors. Quite interesting. Great appetizer if you aren't too choosy about your Rangoons. It was surprisingly good and worked!

Vegetable stir fry in peanut sauce- i was a bit skeptical because peanut sauce and veggies? There's no way their sauce is that great.. BUT I was surely wrong! I ordered this for my sister n had to sneak a taste.. I couldn't stop eating after the first bite! LOL. This dish is so delicious and yes, their peanut sauce is that damn good. Unsure of what else the peanut sauce consisted of but it wasn't overpowering or thick like the peanut sauce we use for summer rolls.

Summer rolls- vegetable rolls I ordered and they were regular rolls. Very good and healthy!

Definitely give it a try here!
I am gonna cut straight to the chase and say that circles probably has the best Pad Kee Mow I've had anywhere in philly. 

I can sit and write overtures about how great the service is when you are sitting in the lounge across the street from the  Kitchen or just how prompt they are when u order take out or want it delivered all the way up north upto girard ave.

another not so secret item on their menu is the  whole coconut that they slice the top off and u sip away the juicy insides or scoop the rich pulp off the sides while eagerly waiting for ur rest of the meal to arrive. 

One thing that sets them apart is that they deliver on the promise of the thai hotness, though not for the weak of stomach lining (?!?), it surely lights up the tastebuds without overpowering the dishes and you still can taste all the ingredients separately. Unlike most places where they just coat the dish with a lot of chilli flakes to try and prove that u are a moron to even order a dish "thai hot".

So I don't care how you make ur way to the most delightful thai experience in the city , be it by a phone call , a delivery or eating at the lounge, just do it stat. Though i should warn you , if u don't want to incur my wrath, be very careful while driving past hicks street, cos my server might just be  bringing me my next favorite dish from the kitchen across the street !!
I eat Thai food about 3x a week; and for a while I had started ordering from other Thai spots because the Pad Thai here just wasn't stacking up. Something was wrong with it. Not sure if it was too much soy or oyster sauce.. But it just was not right. 

That has changed! Probably in the last month or so the Pad Thai has improved a ton and now it has regained my trust as a legit Thai Food joint. I'm very happy to report that I am once again a recurring patron. 

I do wish they used yelp's eat24 service for ordering rather than having their own website but I guess we can't have everything can we...
Gross, gross, gross.

I went here recently with a couple of friends to grab some takeout. I think the reason why the reviews here are so high is because a lot of these reviewers haven't actually seen the restaurant.

It's absolutely filthy in there. The walls were dingy. I saw roaches running around inside.

Sadly, that's not the only thing terribly wrong with Circles. The girl at the counter was rude as hell and had no idea what was on the menu. I waited 20 minutes to get a tofu salad, and I ended up paying $8 for a couple of cubes of bland tofu atop a pile of disgustingly bitter dandelion greens soaked in about three cups of a vinegary dressing. My friends fared worse. They got tofu pad thai and pineapple fried rice, nothing especially time-consuming to cook. However, it took an hour for them to get their food without an update or an apology. I'm pretty sure the counter girl didn't put their order in for 20 minutes or so because I heard her arguing with the kitchen staff over it. Whatever. I'm done ordering from there.
Have gotten takeout here quite a few more time during quarantine and I am changing to 5 stars. The food always comes so fast, hot, fresh, and delicious. Favorites: pad Thai, crab fried rice, crab and pork dumplings, chicken satay, red curry, Thai beef salad. All so good. I will continue ordering.
who knew that the best thai food in philly would come in the form of delivery?! yes, that's right yelpers. after trying and being disappointed by countless thai restaurants in center city and west philly, i have finally found my go-to thai restaurant. 

the con? i'll never actually see the inside of this restaurant.

the pro? that delivery from their restaurant located south of south up to my rittenhouse apt is only $2!

cheap. big portions. fast delivery. fresh ingredients. not overly saucey or oily. coconut curry? why, yes. tom yum soup? yes, please! rice noodles? ok, let's call already!
Circles is still my go to spot for Thai delivery in South Philly.  The Salmon Pad Thai is delicious comfort food for this weird spring that feels like winter that we are experiencing in Philly. I also had The Thai rice soup for the first time a few nights ago and it was simply delicious. Not too much going on with flavors competing and the perfect amount of broth to rice ratio. If you haven't tried circles you definitely should. I have never dined in at this location so I can't speak to ambience here but the Northern Liverties dining room is very nice.
I'm sitting and waiting for my food.  It has now been one and a Half hours.   This place is really blowing it.  Used to be the best.   As soon as I have any other Thai as good I have to ditch you circles.     Pull it together. 
Why are you screwing up so bad?   Listen to your reviewers and figure it out.  
I really really hope the order is right as the last two times something has been wrong
Different people have different definitions of what it means to be "spicy." Sometimes you can order "mind-blasting gastrocide death wings" that hold less heat than a loveless marriage. Because of subjectivity like this, I have my own standard of preferred spice, that which qualifies as "embarrassing to eat in public." This doesn't mean just a little sweating or some running of the nose, this means that, even alone, you'll feel a little self-conscious about your own physical response.

That said, here's what you need to know about Circles:
- Their Thai hot option is SPICY. I'm talking head pounding, tongue numbing goodness.
- As a result, it is also incredibly salty. This is a turn off.
- The red curry is superior to the pumpkin curry.
- The tom kha soup is ridiculously sour.
- There are TWO locations, right across the street from each other. One is the actual restaurant. The other run down shack is for carry out. Regardless of where you are sitting, all the food comes from the latter.
- THEY DELIVER!!!...but depending on where you live, delivery fees can be high and it can take a while.

Circles does not serve the most authentic Thai food (though really, who does), but it is certainly a place I crave from time to time when I feel like crying while eating.
I'm writing an update to downgrade my used-to-be-favorite Thai takeout to just A-OK. It's a quality and consistency issue here. Since I discovered this place last year, I've had a number of take out experiences that were just so varied in quality and consistency that I can't call it my #1 favorite Thai takeout spot anymore. 

Spice levels are never consistent -- sometimes medium spice is hothothot, sometimes an ordered spiciness level comes with NO spice (makes me a sad girl).
Taste can vary as well -- some things I order are always awesome: the lemongrass and coconut milk soups are among those items, along with many of the appetizers. Curries usually pretty solid. Noodle dishes is where the inconsistency lies. I love me some Thai noodles, but I feel like the quality has gone down over the year. 
Delivery time is also an issue, pretty consistently later than stated time as of late. I gave the guy last night a pass because it was snowing... but other times have also been slow.

Overall, still decent and will probably order from here again, but not without considering other options first.
I used to live in Bangkok so I'm very critical of Thai restaurants.  I ordered the Thai beef salad today, which is one of my favorite Thai street foods. However, one of the main key ingredients, the mint, was absent from my salad, along with cilantro (both are listed on the menu description). I'm getting the feeling that the quality is getting worse here because when I first tried their food it was really good but I've had better Thai food in the city recently elsewhere so I don't think I'll be coming back here anymore.
I've always been more than satisfied with the food here. My friend and I always order the pineapple curry chicken and the cashew chicken stir fry. The stir fry, what I get, is pretty spicy, fresh, and delicious. 

The reason I give it 3 starts is because delivery has been horrible in the past. We ordered one Friday around 6. We waited patiently, and there was still no sign of our food at 9, 3 hours later! We called multiple times, had trouble getting through, and finally was able to speak with a manager. I don't care how good the food is, but waiting 3 hours to eat it is unacceptable. I haven't really ordered since. It really is a shame, because their food is good..
This is how I know I was wasted: didn't remember to take food pictures.

Crab rangoon was better than the boring versions I've had elsewhere, since they bothered to curry the cream cheese. Lump crab was overwhelmed by the dairy, but at least the few clumps broke up the texture.
Shrimp summer rolls rolled with whole chives and accompanied by generic peanut sauce, close to standard.
Thai burrito was not particularly appealing to me. There was a healthy amount of spice and the fresh greens dominated. I have no problems with seitan but I definitely felt like I was eating filler.

Next time, I'll be more sober to try pumpkin curry and their variety of duck dishes.
As far as Thai food in the city goes, I haven't had much. A coworker of mine always orders from here and is very giving when it comes to sharing lunch. Since generally Thai food isn't vegetarian (even that tofu pad thai kids!), I try not to fend off my cravings. The Pad Kaprow today was wonderful, the tofu is seasoned and sauces well, that sticky rice custard reminds me of breakfast growing up and the vegetables are not overcooked and still have a crisp bite to them. Spicy to them is flavor and won't make you cough as you inhale your food. 

I'm sure I'll have this again, I might even go so far to say I may call for food myself. Price wise - lunches are $8.95 for a generous meal of your choice, eggroll, soup, rice and the dessert of the day. It's enought for two meals or a meal for two!
Delivery - check
Credit Card - check
Delicious - check
Seitan cheesesteak rolls alone are worth ordering from Circles.  The shrimp drunken noodles were delish.  Fried bananas for dessert - a fairly fantastic meal.  Pretty thrilled to add this to my delivery circuit.
Usually bulletproof plexiglas is a bad sign. Not here. Nine times out of ten, one bite of any of their Thai dishes brings me right back to Bangkok. Passed my kuy tiew pad khee mao test with flying colors. 
And by the way...huge servings, nearly two meals in one, and most things are just as good if not better the next day.
The peanutty noodles were good. But literally no one in there was wearing a mask. Not the cashier, not the cooks. This is infuriating to see during a pandemic.
Okay I was sitting in Philly today and had a craving for some drunken noodles...checked yelp of course and had hit places that were open.  A LOT of places don't open till 4-5pm.  Anyways, this joint pops up so I put in the Navi, and start driving.  Now mind you, when I'm spur of the moment like this, I look for a place with 4 stars or better with a TON of ratings, that's when you know it's gonna be good!  

Well let me tell you, when I pulled up to the place, I almost kept driving.  It looked like one of those little corner Chinese joints that you can find all over the city.  However, I had trust in my fellow Yelpers so I pulled over and went in.  There was no seating, apparently they have a sit down side next door that opened at 4...lol.  Who knows.  So I ordered my drunken noodles level 3 hotness and a Thai tea.   Everything came to like 10$.  I peaked in the kitchen while they were cooking and all I saw was ALL FRESH VEGETABLES....Good sign.  They had my food ready in 5 mins and since there was no seating I sat on the stoop and dug in(see picture) ....Let me sum everything up for you in one word....SLAMMMMMING!!!!  Dude, this place is no joke, probably my top 3 drunken noodles of all times, which I've had a LOT!!!!!!  If not this is number 1....that's a bold statement coming from me, but I'm going there.  I challenge anyone in the city, show me where I can get better, and I'll buy you a 50$ gift card for any restaurant of your choosing.   That's how sure I am.  I have no more to write, I hope you got the point....
Just ordered and ate some chicken pad Thai and some buns. Delicious food and a good price. Glad to have found it since I love Thai takeout but haven't found a good and well priced spot since moving to Philly. 

I knocked a star off because the food is good, not great. It's above average and so it's a safe bet. I think what made it not GREAT for me was just a little lacking in flavor.

I do recommend this as a takeout place, not as somewhere to take out of town friends :)
Woohoo! As good as it gets!....In Philadelphia.

Ever since moving to Philadelphia four years ago I have been on a quest to find good Thai food. I've tried most of the Center City establishments with mixed results but mostly disappointing. Finally, I come across Circles on grubhub and they actually deliver on the west side. 

I ordered Pad Thai with crab and spring rolls. I was extremely nervous about the crab thing but perused the Yelp reviews for any mention of fake crab or those sad red sticks and found nothing so decided to give it a go. Brilliant choice on my part. The pad thai was flat out awesome and a huge portion (definitely could be split between two people). The crab came in huge chucks and was everywhere inside the dish; no skimping on their part. The spring rolls were tasty and I'm excited to try all the other options they have, particularly a curry inspired dish.

Thank goodness for finally finding good Thai food in Philadelphia!
WOAH! If you like it hot then baby this place is for you!!!

Ordered food via phone on a Sunday early evening. Food took 1 hr and 15 minutes... :( We ordered the Pad Kee Mow with Chicken and the Pad Thai with Shrimp.  When the person on the phone asked how hot I replied with medium to hot heat.  MISTAKE #1.  That $h!t was HOT HOT HOT!! Now... I like spicy but dear GOD I was running for a glass of milk!!!  We also ordered the vegetable dumplings and they were not anything we were expecting.. they were like the size of silver dollar pancake and was very mushy... We will definitely try again but need a little recovery time from the spice!
Was craving pad Thai during one of the coldest nights of November so stopped here on my way home. Unfortunately no heat in the place, so best to order ahead and pick it up when it's ready instead of ordering and waiting there like I did. Place smelled heavenly, though, so it was kinda worth it.

Ordered a mild chicken pad Thai since every place does spice different and I didn't wanna ruin my palate just in case. Also got the fried crab and pork dumplings (had the option of fried or steamed. Those two items with a can of soda was about $24 which felt a little on the high end but this place came recommended so I accepted it.

Food was bomb. Seriously great pad Thai (in a huge portion) with a lime wedge on the side for added flavor. I probably could have used more lime. But that pad Thai was really delicious. Felt like sit-down restaurant quality and the ingredients were really fresh. Kicking myself for not ordering the shrimp one instead. Dumplings were SO good, just crispy enough and packed full of flavor.

Will definitely order delivery or takeout from here again.
We've been ordering takeout from here for years! And for some reason I haven't done a review, Shame on me! My co workers and I consider this our go to place for Thai food. Many authentic Thai dishes, quick delivery and I haven't had one person dislike their dish. From pad Thai to pumpkin curries and their unique crab rangoons (they have a touch of curry in them, best in the city) we have enjoyed all of their food! I recently discovered that their crab rangoons pair beautifully with a red blend and I was in foodie heaven! Only thing is their prices can be on the higher side but definitely check out their lunch specials to give the place a try!
Circles is a cozy Thai restaurant located in what I felt was far from city life. We ordered quite a few items of the menu and they were extremely flexible modifying food to our needs. 

The servers were friendly and the food was delicious. Much different than California Thai, but still so yummy! I recommend anyone to try this restaurant!
My conclusion as to the state of Thai food in our fine city still stands. Circles is the best Thai food I've had in Philly so far.

I ate in the dining room today for the first time.  While the food was excellent as usual, I have a couple of quibbles. There wasn't any music playing. I don't know if that's standard or not (as I said, it was my first time dining in). I would've liked to have heard something other than the conversations going on at nearby tables while I ate. (I eat alone.) The kitchen also seemed a bit slow for there only being a couple of other tables occupied. I realize that it's the same kitchen for take-out, but it was a Saturday afternoon towards the end of lunchtime. I expected my food to come out a little quicker. Other than those two very minor annoyances, no complaints.

I continue to consider this my go to Thai spot from here on in. Circles, until you are dethroned, you still reign supreme amongst Philly Thai eateries.

Oh, I almost forgot, I also have a warning: They serve the sweetest Thai Iced Tea I've ever tasted. Just so you know.
Ya'll, nobody in this restaurant is wearing masks. This spot is always decent (ish) but I def won't be back while they're not taking customer safety and health seriously. Urging everyone to stay away cause honestly that's pretty gross.
This is a shame I love this place but won't go there. How did I order about 5 items and the bill came to $70?!!? Sorry not for Thai food and NOT for south philly that's just insane. I called back and cancelled, too bad the food is great.
I think their food is delish! I think the service is pretty poor. To make a long story short my vegan friend orderd veggie soup and they brought it with chicken, we returned it and asked for what we ordered and we got one MUCH faster than the original topped with tofu only to find chicken at the bottom. I am pretty sure they picked the chicken out and put some tofu on top. They STILL charged us and we had to return the soup twice. Its a shame because before this experience I would have given them five stars.
I was excited to go to Circle South Philly since their Northern Liberties location is amazing.  It was a big mistake coming here, though, and I can't in good faith recommend this place.  I am not a Yelper that writes a lot of poor reviews, but read my lips: my experience here was an absolute disaster!

When we arrived, a large table had just left, so we were the sole diners in the restaurant for most of our meal.  The waiter was extremely flustered even though we were his only table and it took him extra time to bring out our drinks.  When I inquired about some of the menu items in relation to my food allergies, he didn't seem to know what ingredients were in any dish.  I have had the pumpkin curry at their other location and at a Yelp event before, so it seemed like it would be safe; he told me the pumpkin curry was a no-go for me, but couldn't explain why.  He failed to recommend any dishes for me to try, so I felt stuck and ended up asking for pad thai without egg.  He vaguely described how spicy their dishes are, so we asked for the dish to be mild.  

Whatever was brought to us was far from mild in spiciness, not that good, and sent me into a fairly serious allergic reaction within ten minutes.  I am not sure whether it was the waiter or the kitchen who dropped the ball on this one, but I can only assume that the dish was made with some kind of milk or egg because I was having major issues.  When we asked for the check and explained that we needed to leave immediately so I could go get medicine to counteract the reaction, it took him quite a bit of time to bring it back to our table.  I'm thinking, "Hello man!  I'm dying here.  Make a beeline in your skinny jeans so I can get the hell out of here!"  To add insult to injury, we ended up leaving him over a 50% tip because he disappeared and we couldn't get change (and since I was practically dying at this point, we couldn't stick around).  

So in a sense, we paid extra money for subpar food and my immune system to lose its shit.  The waiter was awful.  His lack of knowledge about the food served here puts customers in danger.  I know that I'm weird since I have a lot of food allergies, but when I specifically ask for a dish without certain ingredients and the waiter tells me it can be done, then I expect not to die via dinner.   

The servers we had in No Libs were competent, had no issues accommodating me, and the food tasted great - this place was the complete opposite.  I will never go here again.  Skip this location and go to the one where you'll be properly taken care of.
I place my order through Uber Eats. The food came as scheduled.

Summer rolls with shrimp : there are three of them in one order. Perfect balance of vermicelli and the veggies. Thai basil is the dominant flavor. For my the key of good summer roll is in the dipping sauce. It's an ok sauce

My favorite Thai dessert is mango sticky rice. The sliced mango are very sweet and fresh. Unfortunately the sticky rice is very dense and missing the crucial part of the dessert : cream of coconut.
Gotta love this place; it's only two blocks away from me and I'm there allll the time!

Since I always order pick up, I don't know much about their service. However, everyone who's got my order has always been incredibly nice; even the older ladies in the kitchen always smile and say hello to me. It's awesome!

My 3 must haves at Circles:

1. The Pad Thai
It's amazing--I've had so much of it and I don't think I can have enough. The little side of cabbage salad and orange slice is a nice touch as well.

2.The cheese steak rolls 
Trust me, you WILL be glad you got these. By far the most amazing cheese steaks rolls I've ever had--they're simple incomparable to whatever else I've eaten before as 'cheese steak rolls.' Melted cheese, steak, and mushrooms all rolled up in a thin crispy blanket of delight... JUST GET THEM, I swear they are life changing!!

3. The pumpkin curry
Perfect dish for a cold winter night. The pumpkin is delicious and perfectly cooked; the broth is hot and with a little spicy kick; and whatever protein you get (I usually get beef) is always complementing it beautifully.

Living in South Philly was already exciting for me--now it's a little bit TOO exciting!
It's a shame this place can't get it together, the food is good.  A few weeks ago, I tried calling to place an order and the call went directly to voicemail. Specifically someone named Alex's voicemail. I found out via their facebook page they were having an issue with the gas company so the were not open. Craving their food at this point, I tried again this past Friday. I called the number on the menu 4 times (this number has also been programed in my phone for over a year), only to have it ring about 10 times and then go to Alex's voicemail.  I checked their facebook page, and tried calling the number my phone directed me to via the facebook page. Success! Someone answered and it was the correct location. I attempted to order and was told I needed to call the other number. I told them that I had tried calling a few times and there was no answer. The conversation went like this: 
Circles: "did it go right to voicemail when you called that number?"
Me: "no, it rang about 10 times and then went to voicemail"
Circles: "well you must be calling the wrong number then"
Me: "i know I called the correct number because I've been ordering from you for almost 2 years now"
Circles: "well I can't take your order, this is for the restaurant only, you'll have to keep trying that number"
I hung up the phone and threw away the menu. I should have stopped ordering from this place 6 months ago when a friend's credit card number was stolen after she used it there and she had her identity stolen. 
I know we're desperate for good Thai food in this town, but it's no excuse to make it virtually impossible to order delivery and/or have your identity stolen. Beware and don't think you've found your 'old reliable', they'll let you down.
Best Thai food I've had in Philly!  Never really had Thai cuisine until I moved to San Fran for a little while.  Came back (like everyone from Philly, we always come back,) and have been a fan ever since, trying to find something as food as what I had back on the west coast (same with Mexican, still looking....) 
Anyway, I was going to Penang for a while.  Then Banana Leaf... Both good as well, but finally found Circles.  
The first thing I had was the Pumpkin Curry.  Still my favorite.  Chunks of perfectly moist pumpkin in an amazing coconut curry broth that seriously is one of my favorite "fast" foods.". 
Since then, I've fallen in love with their tofu summer rolls....literally perfectly done (get an extra side of the peanut tamarind sauce; you'll need it, and it's worth the extra dollar.). 
I also order their shrimp and tofu pad thai once a week.  It's that good.
Delivery has never been a problem for me, but I live pretty close.  Usually takes as long as they say. 
Do it.
Sitting home on a rainy day playing the uber-nerd game "Dominion" with my friends and we're hungry. What to do? Pick a menu at random and order. We chose this fine establishment and wow were we blown away. The delivery was quick and the food was amazing. 

Our order consisted of : 

Spring Roll : This came as 5 rolls, home made, crispy and tasty as ever
Pan Fried Dumplings : home made, very cool looking, tasted amazing
Stir Fried Fresh Ginger Chicken : perfectly cooked and combined perfectly with the rice, nothing needed (no soy, nothing). perfect
Pineapple Fried Rice with Tofo : loved it
Shrimp Pad Thai : ate every bite

We also got a cool sticky rice and mango desert thrown in..

all in all a really great meal!
Amazingly delicious. If you have a craving for thai food, this is your fix. Although it's in the middle of nowhere, it was worth my 90-minute search in the rain (not that I'll ever spend 90-minutes in the rain getting here again, but that time it was rewarding).  I had the Tom Ka Gai soup, spicy and Pad Thai, spicy. It was ****ing spicy. They don't play when it comes to heat.
I'm definitely a fan of Circles. The curries, the soups, the summer rolls, the salads. Yum. Yum. Yum. Everyone who was eating with me agrees- this place is great. 

We've gotten the red curry with beef (hot) and it was HOT and delicious as hell (can't imagine what THAI HOT would be like!). We've also gotten the pumpkin curry with chicken and the duck curry- both amazing (esp. the duck!). The summer rolls came in a batch of 3, were giant, and really great, with a nice, dark peanut dipping sauce. The Thai beef salad is also a great app!

They can make it spicier if you seek spice and they can dial it down if you don't want it. The order was easy to place, modify, and pick up was super fast. They deliver and now participate in Level Up, too. 

If you like Thai, def. try Circles and you won't be disappointed. I end up comparing a lot of the curries I eat to Cafe de Laos and this place is right up there with them, but better because it's all ready to pick up and eat in the comfort of your pj's, or if you live close enough, delivered to your door. Even better!

Special Note: You can dine in- there's a restaurant version right next door (and it's actually the kitchen the take-out food is cooked in)! I recommend making a reservation on Sat. night though!
I ordered delivery on a Saturday night.  It took over an hour, but came a little quicker than what was stated.  I got the pad see ew and the tofu corn fritters.  Those fritters are pretty awesome, but very heavy.  My pad see ew was very disappointing hence the review update.  I don't know if they changed the recipe or if I got the wrong thing, but the sauce was very sweet and peanuty, not the light soy based sauce I expect.  Also, the noodles had no char on them, which is one of my favorite things about the dish.  I asked for a little spice but they were totally mild.  I had really been craving Thai food, but was left very unsatisfied.  I hope it was a fluke.
i've been on a thai kick and bought food from here twice this week. my first meal was pad thai with beef and tom kha with shrimp. i ordered the pad thai with medium spice and the soup with mild. the pad thai had a major kick - definitely seemed spicier than medium and had more peanut flavor than other pad thai i've eaten in the past. circles' version of tom kha has to be the best i've eaten. my order came out to be ~20usd, and i got two meals out of this quantity of food.

my second meal of the week was mildly spiced red curry with beef and mildly-spiced tom kha with chicken. the tom kha was, again, spot on. the red curry was very tasty with the right combination of peppers, bamboo, and beef. the curry came with about two servings of rice. i was able to make two full meals out the soup and curry and had leftover curry for a third meal. the total cost was about 20usd.

nota bene for gluten-free diners. i contacted the restaurant through their website and, within a day, got the following response from john b: "we do in fact offer gluten free and wheat free items! our curries, soups, and salads are gluten free. if you're ever in doubt with any of the menu items feel free to ask our wait staff, they should be able to direct you to the items that are safe for your consumption."
Dude?

Freakin' listen to me when I tell you that Circles is the best Thai food I've had in Philly. It's true.

Not only that, but the people who work at Circles are the nicest, friendliest people you'd want feeding you Thai food. It's true.

And another thing. The lunch specials are an absolute deal. True.

They gots the Vegan dishes too. It's all true.

The only thing that would be better is if I could watch Tears of the Black Tiger every time I ate food from here. So true.

Dude?
Circles is delicious, but their prices have gotten out of control. I have been a loyal customer for years now, but I don't think I can afford to order from them anymore. I rarely can get dinner for under $20 (app and an entree) which is insane for Thai takeout. Their summer rolls alone are $7, but if you want one of the (required) options its an extra $1. $8 for two summer rolls!! Their red curry is $13 base and if you want tofu or chicken its an extra $2. God forbid you want to add shrimp! 
It's Thai takeout. It shouldn't cost more than a meal at Barbuzzo.
Really great food within walking distance of my house. 

Came here on a Sunday when I was not interested in eating brunch type food. I really enjoyed the pad thai with tofu I had. The waitress was really knowledgeable about vegetarianism and  food allergies. I also had the tofu crab fritters which were awesome. Do not order your food hot unless you really enjoy spicy food, I definitely enjoy spice but the regular hot almost was too much. Next time I will bring a nice crisp beer to cut the spice.

The setup was strange because our waitress had to run across the street every time an order was up, she informed us there is usually a runner.

I plan on going again with the yelp deal.
I was never in love with Thai food, never even liked it really, until I discovered this gem in the rough. Circles has the BEST Thai food in Philly and what I love most about it is that when they say spicy, they really mean spicy! 

If it's your first time, I would recommend Tofu Corn Fritters, Cheesesteak Egg Rolls, Crab Rangoon, Crispy Duck fried extra crispy, and any of the curries because every one of them is absolutely de-lish. 

P.s. Don't forget to bring a bottle of wine :)
Update- Sadly, they don't offer dine-in anymore, hopefully it won't hurt their business because the food quality and service are still excellent.
This place is awesome.  I just moved to the Grad Hosp neighborhood and was pleased to find their flyer on my doorstep.  Hungry for Thai food, I called them up to give them a try and see how their delivery service was.

I ordered the crab rangoon, massaman chicken curry, Cashew stir fry with tofu, and sticky rice with mango.  I have never had better thai food delivered straight to my doorstep.  

The crab rangoon was good, though a little surprising with the overwhelming curry flavor.  I like the original crab rangoon and because of the curry I was unable to enjoy the plum sauce that accompanied their version.

The massaman chicken curry was amazing.  Tender pieces of chicken breast and potatoes, roasted peanuts, and scallions in a coconut chili sauce.  The BF seemed to enjoy the tofu stir fry and we both had enough for leftovers the next night.

The period on the sentence was the sticky rice with mango.  The rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned with a tad bit of sweet coconut and a tad bit of saltiness from the rice and toasted sesame seeds.  The sliced mango on top was perfectly ripe and sweet.  It was a dessert that brought me back to my childhood.  

Super thumbs up and I'll be calling them often!

The delivery took a little while but the driver did call to let me know they were backed up on orders.  He was very pleasant at the door and assured me the food was very good.  He was right, and it was worth the wait!
I've only gotten Circles food delivered, but have been really happy with it so far.  They say it will take 1 1/2 hours to deliver, but so far I've waited around an hour for a weeknight delivery and only 30 mins on a Sunday night.  I'd still plan for an hour and a half, but be pleasantly surprised if they're early.  

Their Pad Thai is really great - quality noodles, fresh mango and sprouts on top. I'm done getting cheap thai food where you can taste the MSG - Circles is definitely a much better experience all around. 

I've also tried several different kinds of spring rolls.  The classic spring rolls were great, but nothing new. The plum sauce they come with compliments them really well.  

The summer rolls are healthy and delicious (served cold). The filling is fresh lettuce, cucumbers, vermicelli noodles, fresh basil, and fresh chives wrapped in rice paper with a sweet chili-peanut sauce.  You can really taste the basil and chives - this one was definitely best dipped in the sweet chili-peanut sauce. 

The Thai rolls are also really good - they come with vermicelli on the inside. They're filled with minced pork, black mushrooms, carrots, cabbage, and shallots wrapped in rice paper with a sweet-plum sauce.

Can't go wrong!  They're all really good, and come with tasty sauce that compliments them just right.  

Only con is the prices, but I'd rather pay for good quality food and good service, over the cheap stuff.  I'll be back!
You're lucky the delivery guy was such a little sweet heart... he was so cute and saved you guys. You should pay him more.... after waiting 2 hours for my food... if i was one of those children you see on tv with the sad music and the old white guy with the beard asking for 25 cents a day i would be dead


P.S Solid Pad Thai
What's going on, Circles?
This used to be my favorite place to order Thai food in Center City area for several years. They failed me a big time about 1.5 yr ago - the order arrived about 2 hours later when I had a really important exam the next day. Instead of taking off the burden of cooking for myself during the busy time, it gave me more stress. They can't tell me to just wait until my dinner arrives at 9oclock at night...... Seriously!

Anyways, my friends ended up ordering from here a couple more times afterwards which were OK...

Just last week, I was craving some Thai food so I decided to give it a try again.  I ordered Tom Yum Soup, Curry Duck and Pad Thai. For the soup, TERRIBLE. Does anybody taste it before packing/serving it? Extra sour with not enough flavor. My friend's been to Thailand several times and he was seriously disappointed. It USED to be better so I was disappointed as well. Pad Thai was decent. A little dry,though. Curry Duck.....it's like $16 and it has one duck leg, vegi and not enough sauce to even submerge the duck half way. The flavor was good but seriously... come on...

I think I might try to eat at the restaurant instead of delivery one day because I still haven't found anywhere to replace my #1 Thai restaurant in Center City....and then I'll finalize the decision of letting Circles go forever.
The worst customer service EVER! Extremely late with deliveries, and they don't fix orders they screw up. Their food is not good enough for the bs
Got delivery from here last night.  It took about 45min from when I ordered, they take credit cards, and the food arrived piping hot.

The food is awesome!  The shrimp pad thai was fantastic and they did not skimp out on the shrimp.  The Massaman curry with beef waas perfectly cooked and the beef was so tender.  The basil fried rice with chicken was delciously flavorful.  The vegetable dumplings were also great, but they were different from any sort of Asian dumping I've had before.  They were flat, round, and sort of had a gelatonous texture which I don't think everyone would like, but I loved it nonetheless.   The summer rolls however, I didn't love so I will probably do without that next time.  I can't really put my finger on what was wrong with it, but it just didn't taste as great as the ones I've had elsewhere.  Perhaps it was the addition of chives as opposed to mint, which I've had elsewhere that made it taste off.

For all this food the total was only $48 bucks.  I will definitely be getting more Thai delivery from here in the future.
Circles is one of my favorite places to order from in South Philly.  I've both ordered out (lunch and dinner) and ate in (only dinner).  Circles consistently offers delicious food at a fair price.  Some things you'll need to know:

- I prefer ordering out to eating in- the neighborhood is a bit sketchy, so I don't care to walk over there.  However, if you decide to eat in, the dining room is large and nice, but not too too nice (i.e. you can roll in with tshirts and jeans)
- As any other typical novice Thai food eater, I tend to order pad thai more often than not.  They have a great pad thai, with nice fresh mango and cabbage- yum!  Plus you can choose either chicken, pork, beef, or tofu- all at the same price.  Other dishes I really like are drunken noodles and cashew stirfry.
- Get an appetizer!  My favorites are the fried tofu and cheesesteak spring rolls
- Speaking of the food- there are plenty of vegan and vegetarian options which is awesome--- makes it so much easier if you are ordering for a group with a variety of tastes/diets
- Lunch specials are bangin'-- you get an entree, soup, springroll, and dessert for $9.  It is a really great value--- I usually have the rest of my entree for dinner that night as well!

Overall, I really enjoy Circles-- I'm sure that some die-hard Thai fans may say there are better places in Philly, but they will continue to get my business quite frequently as long as I live in South Philly!
I keep forgetting that this place is a good reliable standby.  Had the crab pad thai,  pad kee mow, and circle wings.  Everything was tasty.  My only ask would be to adjust the sugar content down a little.  All the dishes were just slightly too sweet for my palate overall.  However, I wouldn't hesitate to eat or order take out from here but I do think that I prefer Kalaya overall due to the stronger more authentic flavors.
Ordered through caviar. We ordered amazing chicken which came with NO CHICKEN and we also ordered pad kee mow and they gave us pad see ew instead. Both really disappointing. Will not be ordering from them again
Got food poisoning from the calamari. I had one piece and decided not to eat anymore because it tasted like it had been cooked a really long time ago, and had been sitting out. I started to eat the rest of my meal and I instantly felt sick. I ran to the bathroom and threw up. I called the restaurant to tell them to not serve that food to anyone. I'm not sure what they will do.
I took recommendations from fellow Yelpers and, when I ordered a meal for delivery, chose the pumpkin curry and corn fritters. Neither dish disappointed! The food was delicious and I was thrilled to have leftovers.

My only issue, not to betray how completely cheap I am, was the $2 delivery fee. I live less than a mile from Circles. If I lived in Center City or further, I get why you would charge me, but in South Philly... really? 

Next time, if I'm feeling so lazy that I can't bear to drive to pick up from Circles, well, I'm going to order from someplace with free delivery.
When I lived in KS I was spoiled by the presence of a tiny Thai restaurant in northern Lawrence, tucked away in a strip mall in what was obviously once a Subway. They had cheap, perfectly cooked curries and it was never uncomfortably busy. I miss that place (Thai Siam in case you're ever in KS).

Hoping that Circles would be my new favorite Thai restaurant of S. Philly (despite its ridiculous name) I ordered massaman curry with chicken, crab rangoons and their "thai" rolls.

Delivery time was estimated up to an hour and a half, and that's how long it took to arrive. I had technically been waiting for food for a few hours since my boyfriend wouldn't even place the order until he was hungry. Jerk. Anyway, I tore into the thai rolls immediately. The plum sauce with peanuts is seriously amazing. You could dunk anything in that sauce and it'll make your night. Especially if that anything is fried.

The massaman curry wasn't nearly as spicy or flavorful compared to what I'm used to. The chicken was dry, but it was all white meat so it wasn't that surprising.

The crab rangoons were different. There was some spice mixed in with the filling (cumin, I think), making them the spiciest portion of my meal. They were good, just not in the "this is what I expected to be dessert" sort of way. Some of them were a little burnt as well.

Given the prices (the total was $25 without the tip), the time it took for the food to arrive and the underwhelming food I was pretty disappointed. I still can't say I've had better Thai food in Philly yet so for now I'll keep the rating at three stars.
My wife and I live in center city and consider ourselves foodies. I found this listing on Yelp and decided to give it a try. WHAT A FIND! The food was outstanding and the service was great. There were things on the menu that I have never seen before. Also  If you're having dinner with a picker eater as I often do this is absolutely the place for you. Vegan choices and brown rice. And don't forget it's BYO and cheap. This place is a real keeper.
consistently awesome.  i could live off the masaman curry and bath in the crab rangoon.  thai beef salad=bomb.  delivery is primo as is the eat in.
Takeout:  Awful awful awful awful.  Did I mention awful.  Circles, what the hell happened to you?  I used to crave your drunken noodles, your pad thai, and your coconut soup.  Have you no pride to put this stuff in a box and send it out for delivery?  I know you would never ever put this quality of a dish in front of someone in your restaurant, so why, praytell, do you think it's acceptable to put it in a box and send it over to my house?  No no  no, this is unacceptable--I would say the Manager and Owner need to know--but from the looks of many of these reviews--you already do--and yet you've clearly made no effort at quality control.  Also, it's worth noting that it seems to be prmarily with your takeout orders and with grub hub sometimes.  Pad See EWWWWWWWWWWW.  The noodles were FUBAR--not Drunken--they were falling down the stairs and need to go to rehab noodles, there was so much sauce--cold sauce, did I mention that?  Tasted like you took the rice noodles from 2 nights ago, re-boiled them, scraped some reconstituted sauce of the bottom of some stock pot...and called it a day--and the veggies--basically the cheapest ones you could dig up and they seemed a bit old.  Broccoli rabe is not a good substiute for regularly priced broccoli that should fill up an $11 dish.  thankfully grub hub took care of me, but if you keep playing your cards like this, you are not going to have any loyal fans left.  Or if you don't want to cook takeout--then don't anymore--focus on your front of the house and back of the house business and refine it.  But don't keep sending bad food to people's door's .  Philly is a small town and south philly is a small town.  world travels fast when something is good or bad in this town.  Get it together, Circles.  You seem to be more successful every day, so you should be able to hire the resources and pay your cooks well enough to take pride in what they are putting up on the line.  You've made me very sad tonight, Circles, because I've always liked you--very much.  Did I mention this was the 2nd bad meal from you I've now had in one week?
pretty good... ordered delivery via grubhub, was craving thai and i wanted to try a new thai spot. this definitely arrived hot and the extra side of rice i ordered was ginormous. they get the 4th star for that! only complaint is that my chicken basil really skimped on the actual chicken... i would think maybe thats typical and i'm used to big portions from places outside of the city though.

will use again if in a pinch.
Today I ventured 40 minutes round trip by car in pre-Nor'easter conditions to be part of Circles' customer appreciation day. Was it worth it? For that pumpkin curry dish, heck yes! 

Customer appreciation day was held in honor of their 5 year anniversary in South Philly. As part of the celebration they were giving out your choice of Basil Fried Rice, Pumpkin Curry, Tofu Pad Thai and Pad Prik Khing with Tofu for free. So it was probably a little nutty of me to drive all of that way in those weather conditions but I'm realizing that I'll jump through fences for this dish. 

Despite the fact they were cooking everything in mass quantities, the quality was totally still there. The basil was fresh, the peppers were spicy, the pumpkin was perfect and the curry sauce was oh, so good. I'm sure my rice enjoyed being totally drowned and soaked up by as much as the sauce as it would allow. I only wish there was a little more spice, but next time I go back I'll be sure to kick it up a notch on my individual order. Even without the spice, there is so much flavor that I smile just thinking about my lunch. 

Happy Anniversary and thanks for lunch, Circles. I surely feel like an appreciated customer.
This was my absolute worst delivery experience. The food arrived cold and when I called to complain, I was informed they would refund the cost of the apps. They didn't event offer to make it right. Don't order from here, you'll be disappointed
I don't remember how I found Circles, but I was thrilled. Now, on any given night, I ask myself "eh? Circles?" Gosh I love this place. I'm seriously thinking about moving closer to it (and into the free, instead of $1, delivery zone).

The most interesting thing about Circles is that when you eat in, you're eating from the same as the delivery/carryout place. So you KNOW the delivery and carryout is good. But sitting in the restaurant is so cozy, and a very chill atmosphere. Even the picky husband of mine, who hated every thai-esque place since we moved to the East coast, loves this place. A lot. 

Plus, if you order a young coconut, it sounds like they're murdering it out back, but it's so delicious to drink the fresh coconut water. Almost worth a trip just to sip that and read a book. 

Did I mention it's a BYOB? Yeah, you can have a really nice night here (or get delivery and have a nice night in!).
With the caveat that Thai in Philadelphia never blows me away, I am consistently happy with the fast, reliable, and reasonably priced take-out from this place.  The portions are generous and the food tastes home-made.  I recommend the free delivery via GrubHub (we picked it up once and were a little frightened by the hole-in-wall decor).
Holy. Wow. I mean, I'm in SHOCK that it has taken me this long to try Circles despite every other person in South Philly RAVING about it. This place...it's just so freakin' amazing and delicious and awesome and perfect. 

My lady and I ordered delivery via GrubHub (that in and of itself is awesome) and chose to split one of their $9.95 lunch specials (pad kee mow) and an order of vegan leek dumplings. I was mildly concerned that it wouldn't be enough for two growing ladies but let me assure you, I was proven beyond wrong. 

The lunch special is pretty legit. I mean yeah, it's pricier than most Asian delivery joints but Circles isn't your typical restaurant. The pad kee mow was super good, although I would've preferred more garlic chili sauce, and didn't taste overly greasy at all. We added tofu to it and it came with plenty, along with a decent amount of vegetables that weren't overly cooked. With the lunch special you also get a soup (mine was some coconut milk with mushroom and tofu soup that was deliciously sweet yet tangy), a spring roll, and their daily dessert. The spring roll, which was vegetarian, left something to be desired because it was over-cooked. We must've lucked out with the dessert though because we got mango sticky rice. My love for mango sticky rice cannot be expressed in words and let me tell you, they definitely delivered and kept my love afloat. For $9.95? Not bad at all and fed two hungry girls well. The vegan vegetable dumplings were delicious as well, although the dumpling itself was kind of sticky and mushy. Whatever though because the flavor ruled and the sauce was tangy and delicious. 

They also have a legit restaurant right across the street from the original place that is BYO that is on the top of my list to check out. 

In short? This is place is absolutely incredible and very much deserving of the hype.
Amazing, delicious, fresh Thai food! A def keeper!
If the price is lower, I would give it 4 stars.
The first time I went there, Pad Thai was soo good. However, picked up another Pad Thai again last week, and it was just ok.
Shrimp Pad Thai cost me 16 bucks + tax. 
Considering where it is located and the taste, absolutely not worth 16 bucks.
Ordered delivery from Circles last night and I agree that the prices are definitely higher than I'm used to and the portions of noodle dishes smaller.  That being said, everything was delicious.  
- Pad Thai 
- Pad Woonsen
- Coconut  Milk Soup
- Crab and Pork Dumplings

The spice level was correct, delivery was timely, and really very scrumptious.  I still think you get more bang for your buck at other places, but I would definitely still come here for a BYOB or takeout option.

Oh yeah, despite being a mile away there was a $4.00 delivery charge AND $20.00 minimum.  All in, this meal was 40 bucks- not exactly the cheapest option to eat on your couch.
I had to try Circles after kathleen d. started the Thai food discussion on the message board.  I've been to Thailand so I have some pretty high expectations.  

If I could I think I would give 3.5 stars.  I ordered a few things so that I would have the leftovers for a few days: crab rangoon, chicken pad thai, and pad se ew.  I love crab rangoon although its not really a legit Thai dish, Circles has a curry crab rangoon.  It wasn't what I expected, but it was quite tasty.  The pad thai was really good, and it had plenty of chicken.  It's a pretty big portion and it also had lots of peanuts.  The pad se ew disappointed me.  There were too many vegetables, and not enough noodles.  The sauce was quite tasty, but it was also really spicy.  I said I wanted the pad thai spicy and so I guess they made the pad se ew spicy as well, but I like to keep my pad se ew pretty basic.  I'll have to try it again and ask for mild just on that specific dish.  

I ordered take out which was relatively painless, it was a little tough to find a parking spot.  Everything was still hot by the time I got it home, and they did ask on the phone how spicy I wanted the pad thai.  Their dishes are about $2 cheaper than Erawan and Smile which is good because I think they are overpriced, and I think this food was better quality.

All in all definitely good, but still doesn't rival my favorite Chicago Thai restaurant.
First Yelp review ever... This place was THAT good. After having great Thai food in other cities, my husband and I were lamenting the lack of options here in Philly with other foodie friends. They recommended we try Circles & now its our lazy Sunday go to for delivery. 

We had the pumpkin curry medium & it blew our socks off. The pumpkin added a great flavor & the curry was spicy (crazy spicy for "medium, actually). The pad thai with Shrimp was amazing - the additional fresh veggies gave the dish a great crunch & the Shrimp were plentiful/huge! 

Ordering again tonight...Mmmm.
Went on a whim one night. Was around this location one night. 

Ordered:

Shrimp pad thai. 
Chicken with green curry
Beef salad
 
-The pad thai was a little too sweet
-The curry was a little too creamy and bland
-The need salad was good. Nothing to rant about. 

The bill was a bit in the high side given the fact that this place is situated on the border. 

Gentrification is in the process. They still have their bullet proof window up.
Circles is an excellent restaurant.  Good portions of great food at a good price. This is the best pad thai I've had ever! I initially started going here because of the deal on LivingSocial and haven't stopped going since. Definitely a place I will be seeing very often.
First off, ordered from Grubhub, delivery estimate gives me ~hour and a half until its here... WHAT! CRAZINESS..... I call to confirm this estimate, only to be greeted with a sarcastic tone and redundant banter about "well, we are running about 45min to an our right now..."  Right off the bat, unimpressed.... Lets hope the food makes up for poor phone manners.
circles has the best pad thai that i have ever had. that being said, the three stars is because their pricing is ridiculous. i am used to paying the same amount for my meals in the tiny takeout place in south philly as i did at their sit-down restaurant in northern liberties, but the taste was better and the portion was bigger. no big deal. now pad thai has gone up at least $2, and it annoys me that I am paying $14 for food that comes out of a place that doesn't even have tables and chairs. i get that they have more restaurants and need to pay the bills, but i can't believe that i pay the same amount as someone sitting down to dinner at one of their nice locations. portions are also now smaller.
Circles, I love you so much, I do, you're my favorite Asian fusion of all the Asias that have ever fused. That's why I need to tell you how frustrated I am with the current state of our relationship.  I know that you're too busy for me, and you have many more admirers to pay attention to, but tonight you broke my little hungry heart.

I ordered dinner at 7:15, with a delivery ETA of 45 minutes.  Awesome! My food came right on time (8:05 at the latest) and I ravenously unpacked the goodies.  I even tipped the poor kid $9 for delivering in the cold, because I would never want to trade places.  Lo an behold, the rice that is so critical in sopping up the sweet juices of my curry duck was nowhere to be found!

I called at 8:10, and the lovely young lady on the phone apologized profusely and said she'd send the driver back.  Of course, accidents happen.  I've ruined plenty of orders in my day, so I am a patient girl. I wait, I wait, I wait, I wait. 

At 8:55 I am cranky. No rice. Luke warm duck. I call back.  The lovely young lady is pretty astonished that my rice has not materialized.  More apologies, and she'll dispatch another driver with rice immediately.  Okay.  That is reasonable enough.  I only live a few blocks away, I could be eating by 9:05. 

No. 

9:20, I am hangry. HANGRY.  I have waited over an hour for rice when the meal took 45 minutes! What in baby jesus' name could cause this?  Am I being Punk'd??  Where's Ashton Kutcher??? 

9:24, my rice arrives in the hands of the original delivery guy. My duck is cold.  And I'm past hungry- I just feel empty. Like my wallet. After spending $60 just to wait two hours and twenty minutes for rice. 

I called back, because I was almost on the verge of tears.  The lovely young lady was very kind, said she would take my name and number to have a manager call me back.  Honestly, I'm not really interested in a discount. I just need them to know about the worst delivery service I have ever gotten.  Ever. 

If I had any on hand, I would have made my own damn rice.
I was really disappointed with Circles. 

I LOVE Thai food, so I ordered Circles from GrubHub, even though I have an awesome regular Thai restaurant. I wanted to give Circles a shot.

The Mild Soup was very good.

For one of the entrees, I got the "Eggplant Stirfry". It says "with bamboo, peppers, and sweet/spicy sauce", but it was 95% bamboo and smelled like horse. I thought they packed the wrong thing at first. So, this dish was a wash. It did not taste good.

Then, I opened the "Red Curry" and saw that it, too, was 95% bamboo. Now, I always start with Red or Green Curry from a new place, so I know what to expect and this was not it. When I removed the bamboo, the curry in and of itself was amazing.

When I called to ask for a refund, I was told that, because the GrubHub description says that the dish contains bamboo, the restaurant wasn't going to take any responsibility for the poor quality of their food. When 95% of your dish is bamboo, it doesn't mean that it "contains bamboo"; it means that it *is* bamboo. 

I asked to be refunded for one of the two entrees. I paid $32 for my whole order and tipped the delivery guy well. I did not think that a $12 refund for a mostly-bad meal was a ridiculous notion. I am so upset that Circles completely brushed me off and clearly doesn't care about its customers.

**********************
**EDIT 2/11/15** The owner, who wasn't present that night at the South Philly location, has since followed up with me and given me the partial refund that I requested. I have changed my initial rating (1 star) to reflect what I thought of the food itself. I've left the rest of the review in-tact. 

Make sure to order lots of vegetables if you want something other than bamboo. Since the owner did follow up with me, I will try Circles again with a new ordering strategy in mind.
**********************
My tom yum, somtum, and shrimp summer rolls were fine.  The problem was that I had never been here before and I walked to pick my lunch up.  I was completely skeeved out by the inside of the place.  I was expecting something much different because of the reviews, and instead, I found something that looked like a dirty take out place.  Because of the appearance of the inside, I had a hard time eating my food.
I had another great meal from Circles tonight, but I did not have to drive there.  We ordered through a living social promotional and had the food delivered. The food we ordered was excellent. We had appetizers including satay and corn fritters. The corn fritters were some of the best things I have ever eaten. We also had some salads that were very special; the flavors were unique, yet clearly Asian in origin.  For our  entree, we had the burrito, and both of us felt it was one of the best burritos we have ever had.

I was very happy with the delivery service. The driver quickly dropped off the food and headed out.  It made it convenient for us on this rainy night to have a special meal without the hassle.   I will keep going back to this place!
i've only had this as delivery and i have to say - circles is my fave thai food in philly.  they make things spicy and deliver on time.  tons of vegan options.
Best delivery Thai food you could ask for in Philly.  Delivery is always in 45mins, and I usually just order online.  We typically order three meals for two of us and maybe that makes us fatty's but two orders are not enough.  I typically get the Pad-see-ew, Pad-Thai, and Red Chicken Curry.  Tell em to make it spicy for a real kick.  For a lazy sunday night meal, this is the best (typically ends up being around $35).
Even though they got my order slightly wrong (I ordered Pad Kaprow and got either Drunken Noodles or Pad See-ew) it was still a great lunch special.  Plenty of meat and vegetables with well-cooked noodles.  The chicken and rice soup, though mostly broth, was tasty as was the spring roll and the egg custard dessert served over rice -- heck of alot of food for $9.  Even the iced tea I had to order to meet the minimum delivery was good, though I was sure to brush my teeth after that insanely sweet concoction!  
   I wish you could get the lunch special with shrimp/seafood/duck for a little extra -- maybe you can.
I love circles. I always order two dishes and I get about 4 meals out of them. 

The Pumpkin Curry with Tofu is my favorite, but I also love the Pad Thai. The Green Curry is good, as well as the Seitan Satay and the Tofu Corn Fritters. I've also had the Spring Rolls and the Massaman Curry. 

You can't go wrong with anything, and they deliver pretty much anywhere in the city.
If you're vegetarian and enjoy Thai/Asian cuisine you should definitely check out Circles. I investigated this place based upon my vegetarian friends' recommendation. They rave about this place. Now, I'm not really a vegetarian but I decided to do take out one night and was pleasantly surprised. At first I was confused because there is 2 locations across the street from each other. One is for delivery and takeout. The other is well lit and looks like a dine-in restaurant. 

I always judge a Thai place by their Massaman Curry and Pad Thai by virtue of cost and technique. The spices have to be just right for me and the noodles cannot be soggy. The prices are very reasonable and everything was well done and tasty. It hit the spot. One thing I did not like was how slow it all took but when I have a craving for Thai, I think I'll hit this place up regularly.

Additionally, I ordered these Tofu Corn Fritters. They were a lot of fun. 
Next time I need to dine there with the wife. Looks like it would be a fun experience.
