Ordered food from Circles Thai a week ago. We ordered entrees for four people, and drinks for two. The drinks were each placed in bags. And the food containers were also placed in bags. Not sure if the delivery driver was driving like a bat out of hell or if the items were poorly packaged, but everything was a leaking mess. 

Additionally, the rice that came with two of the entrees was missing. We called the restaurant to let them know about the rice and the drinks and they said they were closing, but would send a delivery person with the rice and new drinks (they initially offered us a credit to be used at a later date but as visitors of the city, a credit wouldn't suffice).

After the above, there were two issues:

1. My Thai ice-tea, was not milky at all. It was quite watery.
2. My Pad See Eww was VERY salty. I have no doubt that if I were to get high blood pressure I would be able to single handedly point to this meal as the cause.
I've ordered take-out and dined in here before with no problem, so what I went through tonight totally blindsided me.

I ordered take out and went to pick it up while my boyfriend waited in the car. They told me it'd be a moment, and they looked very busy. It's fine. I don't mind waiting a moment cause I know how things can get in a restaurant. After waiting for what felt like forever, and after the hostess whispered frantically amongst themselves, I learned that they had accidentally given my take-out to someone who had left before I got there.  Okay...this is annoying, but all I wanted was for them to make my order again so I could pay and get out of there. 20 minute wait? Ugh...fine. I accepted with the best smile I could muster.

The second hostess returned and stopped the other server from reentering my order. Why? I guess the manager wanted her to CALL THE PERSON WHO THEY GAVE MY FOOD TO SO THEY COULD COME BACK AND THEN GIVE ME THAT FOOD. WHAT? ARE YOU KIDDING?

What restaurant makes a mistake and then expects that 
a) the first customer should have to come all the way back because the restaurant messed up
b) the second customer would be okay being sold food that had left the premises and returned?

All i wanted to do was wait my extra 20 minutes and get my food and pay for it (I'd even pay full price despite the inconvenience). I'm starting to get annoyed and express how not okay with this I am, and a manager comes over. Instead of apologizing and being helpful or trying to recitfy the situation he disrespects me and acts like I'm an idiot. I tell him I'm frustrated and he responds "Yeah, I can tell." He then asks why I won't take the food even if it came back unopened...again ARE YOU KIDDING? You have absolutely NO idea what happened to the food once it left with that customer. I just really don't understand why at this point a new order hasn't just been put in. He finally caves but at this point I tell him that I just don't really want to wait for food from there. 

The whole situation was incredibly unprofessional. I've e-mailed the restaurant and hope that I will be able to update this review one day to reflect swift and polite customer service to fix this. Until then, I just can't bring myself to ever come here if it's the policy of the place to ignore the best interests of the customer so that you can save a few bucks and make one less order.
So, for the dine-in experience of Circles, I would come over and over again. The restaurant is quiet and beautifully decorated with fresh flowers everywhere. I ate here with my family while they were visiting. My siblings are all under 21 so this spot is perfect for them cause most places in Northern Liberties are bar oriented or brunch oriented. 

We sat at the high top table at the front of the restaurant. It looks out onto 2nd street which isn't very pretty but it's great for people (and dog) watching. We ordered quickly and got to chatting.

Our appetizers were veggie dumplings and crab dumplings. I only tried the veggies ones but they were very tasty and plump. The steamed version is a little doughy but I like that cause then it can absorb more of the dipping sauce. 

We waited a little while for our entrees - seems like most of their customers order take out as there were tons of bags going out the door. When they arrived, they were hot and fresh. I ordered the pineapple curry with seitan - mild, which is something I have never had from here before. Oh my gosh, this hit the spot. The side rice soaked up the delicious broth while the vegetables were soaked perfectly - even still a little crisp. I ate way more than I had intended but hey, it was my cheat meal for the week! The seitan was a good consistency, not too rubbery or soft and made me feel a little better about getting white rice. 

Everyone else in my group, my normally cautious of food mother, my 17 year old siblings, and my boyfriend all walked away full and happy. On the way out my mom said she definitely wants to come back. I will surely oblige that request for more delicious curry!
I'll be honest, I went to Circles for dinner not really in the mood for Thai, so I was surprised with how much I ended up liking the food! I left stuffed and raving about my entree of choice. 

While the fried calamari our group got was pretty subpar (it came with a sweet and spicy chile sauce that didn't have much flavor and was small in size), I was very happy with my entree. I got the Green Curry with chicken and loved it. It was extremely flavorful and quite spicy, which I loved. The brown rice it came with made it a very filling meal. As much as I loved it, I couldn't get through it all because of how big the portion was! I ended up bringing the rest back home with me (no complaints here)!

As we were waiting to be seated (it was only a few minute wait), I noticed a couple people swing by for take out. I can see myself doing that in the future for the Green Curry!
I am definitely a fan of Circles. I've never really had delivery access to Thai food before but now that I am in Northern Liberties this place is a great option for a lazy day. 

I really like their Pad Thai with seitan (my favorite alternative meat). It's really delicious and hits the spot! My boyfriend really enjoys getting their Pineapple Fried Rice. It has raisins in it which I think is strange but delicious! They are pretty quick to deliver but that might be cause I live two blocks away.

The biggest problem I have with them is that the last time I ordered, the mixed up our dumplings - we wanted veggie but got some type of meat dumpling. I don't think I will try ordering dumplings again (even though the first time I had them they were delicious). 

Overall, it's a solid establishment and I will definitely order again.
This review isn't about the food, it's about the service. Food's great.

I've ordered delivery from them before, and things were fine. Today, though? No. It took FOREVER for the food to show--almost an hour and a half. Called the restaurant re: whereabouts and the person who picked up was a little terse. Two items I ordered were missing when the food finally did get delivered. Called back and the person who picked up hung up on me THREE TIMES before finally picking up and immediately putting me on hold. Twice. Called from a different phone and they picked up and spoke to me immediately. Interesting, right?
How excited was I that this was coming to 19123? Pretty excited.. After eating here, my experience can be summed up as:

SALTY. 

Both on account of how the food tasted at Circles, and how I felt after spending $100 on dinner for two.

The decor is cheesy, the space is cramped (you feel really compressed in there), and the menu offering is weak. 

Desserts deserve a specific shout out, as they are of peasant quality and expensive for what they are.
I've ordered from Circles Thai many, many, many times! The food has always been consistently good! The portion size is enough for two days!

My most recent order, I had the very tasty crab rangoon! FYI, all crab rangoon are not created equal -- Circles Thai's are yummy! For the main meal, I had their pumpkin curry w/ shrimp. You can taste the flavors of the spices along with chunks of pumpkin and decent sized shrimp! The juices of the curry with the rice -- mmm mmm good! Love this dish! Typically, I order their Thai tea that is also delicious!

This is a place where you can eat some good Thai food!
I would have never found this place if it weren't for Yelp, and sweet Jesus what a discovery!! 

Short story...I haven't had meat since December, 2015...there are a few things I miss, buffalo wings and cheesesteaks. I've had delicious vegan wings but haven't had a cheesesteak to match the level of quality of the actual thing....

Well, tonight i had VEGETARIAN cheesesteak spring rolls. Sweet lord, these were so damn good.  I'm talking...cater my wedding good.  Screw the cake...just pile these babies up high and boom cheesesteak cake ftw.  Am I exaggerating? Absolutely not, so go ahead and be a hero, save a cow...order these now.

My girlfriend and I shared the Summer rolls, Lemongrass soup, Pad Kaprow with Seitan, and Corn fritters. We loved everything we had.  All items ordered were so delicious. Almost every menu item can be made vegetarian, which is perfect for anyone and everyone!  While we definitely pushed the limits of our stomachs by ordering half the menu our bill was reasonable.  $45 well spent. 

My only regret is not ordering 20 cheesesteak spring rolls to go. I miss them already. 

See you soon Circle, 5 stars deserved!
My husband and I used to order from them all the time, but then we realized that they have been ripping us off, charging us higher prices than what is listed on their menu.  They jacked up their prices, fine, but if we order items that claim to cost one price and then they take it upon themselves to charge a HIGHER price AND decrease their portions? NOT COOL.  This is simply poor business practice and we will not be giving them our money anymore.

Yes, their food is good, but who cares? We can prep our own Thai dishes at home and they are just as good. Prepping Thai food isn't rocket science.
Went there yesterday 
In fact we had reservations 
It came highly recommended 
But 
It was closed by the health department for health code violations 
Looks like we are still looking for a Thai restaurant
Alright I'm officially over Circles.  First they changed the menu. Then had the good sense to (kind of) change it back, but this last time I ordered I was informed that 2 of the 3 things I wanted were not available. Update your menu then, because the items I want are right there looking back at me listed under "Northern Liberties: Dinner Menu".  Half the time I try to order something as simple as spring rolls, I'm told they need to "check if they have it". Again, they're right there on the menu. Update that shit if you no longer serve it!

The food isn't worth my annoyance.  Good thing we have Baan Thai nearby.
I live one block away from Circles - however I will now be going to Baan Thai for all my thai food needs.

The new menu is just - in a word - ridiculous. Red chicken curry which was 13 dollars is now 17 dollars. That same item is available at their other location for 13 dollars. So why is the nolibs spot more expensive? Bigger portions? Better quality? Of course not.

To the owner - do yourself a favor before  you are out of business in 6 months - go back to the old menu and prices. As you can see by the recent negative reviews - there are many who feel this way.
You have got to be kidding me.

This is Thai food for people who have never eaten Thai food before right?

I'm sad to say I've not been able to find ANY great Thai restaurants in Philadphia. 

My husband and I ate here once- we spent too much money, for an appetizer and entree. Usually that's enough food for us, but we went home and ordered a pizza (which was also mediocre...ah, the life of a NYC transplant. I'm used to awesome food all the time...). 

The food was one note.
The spice seemed muted, and texturally the rice noodles were a bit mushy.

Back to making my own pad thai.
Don't understand why this place is rated ONLY 3.5 stars... It's probably one of the best Thai places around the area. Came in on a late Tuesday night. We had the chicken satay appetizer, chicken was tender, sauce was delicious and the little side cucumber salad was a nice touch. I ordered the southern Islam Massaman curry (Massaman is my fave) as the server explained that the chicken that comes with the dish is really good. Indeed it was. The curry was sweet with aromatic spices, just the way I like it. He ordered the pineapple curry (hot) with chicken... it was the perfect spice level. I had a Thai coffee & a coconut juice which could've been sweeter. The server checked on us throughout our meal and collected our plates when we were done. At the end, the manager (or owner) checked in with us and gave us a VIP card for 15% off future dine in meals. Amazing service, food and ambience. Would recommend to others and come back again!
"Mouse droppings observed on onions, potatoes, in a bowl of fried chicken, in a bag of coffee, on several containers of condiments in the food preparation area. Contaminated coffee, onoins, potatoes and fried chicken are discarded. New Violation.
Mouse droppings are observed on a plate. Food employee cleaned and sanitized it. New Violation."

That is part of the inspection report on March 31st 2017 (http://data.inquirer.com/inspections/philly/?detail=Circles%20Restaurant|812%20N%2002ND%20ST%2019123). 

Now I know why I got extremely sick after eating there.
Ordered online... Food took an hour and half to get deliver. I have ordered at plenty of Thai restaurant and all the prices are about the same but this place is a total rip off. I paid $15 for Laarp and it's about two teaspoon of food and everything is literally in small portion. It's one of worst place. I'm sorry but if I had known that I paid for this amount Of food and for it to taste nasty, I would've never ordered from them. Don't get me wrong, great food can be pricey but price and food does not match. I don't normally do this but I am honestly upset. This is will my first and last getting food from this place.
Went there with a friend on their first evening being officially open, and then again the next night as part of a party of four. 

Food was excellent both times - papaya salad, corn fritters, thai rolls, and steamed dumplings among the excellent starters. Pumpkin curry, salmon Pad Thai, basil stir fry, and eggplant stir fry among some of the excellent entrees.

All dishes offered with a selectable spice level - which initially concerned me because sometimes that means the spices are thrown on already prepared food at the last minute. But not here. This food all was excellent, and the spices unfolded in a really nice, complex way as one would hope/expect. 

The spice scale seems to be just about right too. Unless you like super-spicy, I'd say get things medium or hot ("Thai hot" is the highest level). And unless you're really sensitive to spice (or don't like Thai food to begin with), don't get mild level either.

The atmosphere is warm and clean, with a touch of elegance - casual but nice enough for a dinner out with someone special. It is indeed noisy - although they do have fabric wallpaper, which shows they have made an effort to absorb some sound within the confines of the "no carpet, no drapes, no upholstery" restaurant aesthetic that seems to be pervasive these days.

The service was excellent as well. As others have said, it's clear that some things are still being worked out since they've just opened. But the manager sent out an amuse-bouche both nights, and the food we ordered did not take long to come out. The servers also cleared our empty/dirty plates and silverware, and asked how everything was during both the app and main courses.

What a joy to have a place that's got great Thai food, service without attitude, and shockingly reasonable prices - Both nights it was $20 to $26 per person, including tax and tip.

The only reason I'd advise you not to go, is so there will be room for me to get in!
Circles has redeemed itself time and time again.

I see a lot of people have had issues with delivery, but for me its always been fast and arrived as ordered. I have decided, though, that noodle dishes are best ordered in house, otherwise they'll be a little overcooked from the steam in the take out container.

I've tried a good many things on the menu, but I always come back to pumpkin curry. For anything, always order one spice level lower than you normally would. This food is HOT. They'll give you extra spice on the side if you ask for it.

On my last visit, I took two friends who had never had Thai food. They loved everything, and one of my friends kept saying "I can't wait to eat my leftovers later tonight." Unfortunately, I made the mistake of giving my leftovers to my boyfriend, and I instantly regretted it.

I like the atmosphere of the restaurant. Its intimate enough for a date, but not so much so that it is awkward to eat with a group of friends. The service is good, water glasses were always filled (important when eating spicy food), and dirty plates were not left on the table for long.  The only negative thing is that the restroom is located in the back, near the kitchen. If there are delivery guys waiting for their food, you'll have to squeeze by them. The restroom itself is clean though.

Okay people, this is me telling you to give Circles another shot. If you don't, you're missing out.
Another worthwhile Thai restaurant to scope out in Philly! Located on 2nd street in NoLibs, Circles is an affordable BYOB with a pretty extensive menu. 

My date and I split the chicken spring rolls for an appetizer, and then I enjoyed the duck pad Thai as an entrée. Similar to other Thai or Asian fusion establishments, patrons have the option to select the level of spice (between mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot) for their dish. I thought my palate (and ego) could handle the hot, but I was fighting off the sweat and reaching for the red wine to rescue me from the heat. I would caution diners to order at least one level down than you may be accustomed to ordering. The sliced duck breast - spared from the burning chili flakes - held a bit of a smoky profile. Delicious!

My only knocks against Circles are that the ambiance is a bit subdued and the restaurant's single bathroom is directly adjacent from the kitchen.
Someone told me this place had closed down, sadly this was not the case and I had the misfortune of eating takeout from here last week. After the rage subsided I took some personal time to temper my abject hatred and have generously given two stars here. This place hits for a trifecta: Bad food, Overpriced, Poor takeout packaging.

Two different dishes featured chewy/sinewy meat, both Chicken and Beef, bordering on inedible. SURVEY SAYS.....NO! Also got one of their "Specialty" curries. For the bargain basement price of $18 the best part of this dish was the hearty laugh I had when I opened the container. Looked like someone just stopped and gave up halfway through. Flavor was passable but the vegetables weren't prepped and there was exactly one large piece of whole chicken parts in the dish. Always fun to cut a huge chunk of meat with a flimsy plastic knife; you get what you pay for? Nope.

These people are just phoning it in since there isn't much competition in the neighborhood. Might be some shenanigans going on, Philly Mag suggests the founder may have fled the country recently, search for "Where the Hell Is Circles Thai Founder Alex Boonphaya?" Can someone step up and sell me some good Thai food? I'll take it from a food truck or the back of a donkey. Anything?? Seriously, get at me.

JCTSFR: 8.31
This is for the Circles on North Second Street

I've spent some time in Thailand and done a good bit of Thai cooking, so I've got some ideas about how things should be done. That said, I am not a stickler for authenticity - lots of American Thai food is delicious and inauthentic. Unfortunately Circles is not one of them. Here's Everything I've had:

The Bad:
papaya salad (Somtam). Made without fish sauce. Basically sweet limey papaya strips. Stupid and obnoxious.
Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles). Waaay over cooked, the noodles, the vegetables, the chicken, everything. It tasted like someone threw last night's Pad Kee Mao in a wok. Also not enough spice (I ordered it hot) and not enough sugar.
Green curry (chicken). Soupy and bland and they only give you like a cup.
Pad Thai - over cooked and under seasoned and lots of ingredients missing.
Tom Yum (lemongrass soup). Thin, sour broth with uncooked mushrooms.

Each of these dishes was pretty disappointing. I live right here and I was so excited when it opened, so I kept going back, hoping something would be good. The "good" dishes described below were ok, but they weren't stellar.

The Good:
Pad Krapow (basil chicken). I got this "Thai Hot" which was really freaking spicy, and I think I got high off the endorphine rush. Anyway it was pretty good.
Cheesesteak eggrolls. Nothing to do with Thai food, but pretty tasty. Just what it sounds like.
Shrimp. All of the shrimp I've had (in pad thai, various other dishes) were actually really tasty and well cooked, even though the rest of the dish was butt.
It's BYOB.
***EDIT*** I was contacted by management with an apology, I put a lot of stock into that and will try the restaurant again and review after. Added one star for customer service. 

My husband and I tried to go to Circles twice before we actually made it through the doors, as they were randomly closed on two separate Thursday night occasions. Once was for the July 4th holiday, mind you it was July 5th, and the week that they had opened. Odd. The next was due to a problem with PGW, fair enough, at least the second time there was a note. 

So, finally we get through the doors, bottle of wine in hand, happy. We're seated and we immediately switch seats because the booth seats come equipped with these very large triangular lumbar support pillows that force you up onto the table and made my husband tower over me. I was able to maneuver it so I wasn't totally uncomfortable, but still not ideal. Weird. If I go back I'll request a regular table. 

We're seated and a server comes over to open our wine, asks if we have any questions. We ask about the pad thai and curries, if they have any fish sauce in them, she explains they do, but can be made vegetarian or vegan since they're each made fresh. Awesome. She then let's us know our server will be over shortly. I thought that was weird, but whatever. New server comes and we again explain we're both veggie and anything we order we'd like without fish sauce, or any other non-veg stuff. I then proceed to order: 

Vegetable Dumplings
Seitan Cheesesteak Eggrolls
Pad Thai (no fish sauce)
Thai Burrito

She asks if egg is okay in the Pad Thai. This signifies she comprehends the whole veggie request. Awesome.  Our appetizers come out and we begin to eat. I examine the seitan cheesesteak rolls, which look more like textured vegetable protein than seitan. Now the next part is partially my fault as a seasoned vegetarian, but I took a small bite. I determined it was in fact not seitan, and in fact pretty greasy and tasteless. The server comes over and I ask if these are the seitan cheesesteak rolls, she says "No, you ordered the cheesesteak rolls."  Now, mind you there are cheesesteak rolls on the menu, then directly underneath them are what I now realize are called "vegetarian cheesesteak rolls" on the menu at this particular Circles. The South Philly Circles and online menu both say seitan instead of vegetarian. I look at her like "are you fucking kidding me I want to punch your teeth out" and then begin to explain that I ordered the seitan ones, which also have the word cheesesteak in them. I also prefaced my order with "we're vegetarian" She walks away with them. I almost cry. 

Look, I know it's annoying to meat eaters, and restaurants, to have to deal with veggies, but fuck you. If you offer vegetarian and vegan options it's on you, it's your responsibility to be diligent about serving them, and serving them right.  She comes back and I request a new fork and plate, she proceeds to apologize with an "I'm sorry hon," which rubbed me a little wrong, but I just chugged my wine and tried to get the beef bits out of my teeth without sobbing in the middle of a restaurant. I make eye contact with the hostess several times since she's in my direct eye line. She seems mortified by the situation. 

We get our correct meatless rolls, which are pretty damn tasty, then our meals. My burrito was pretty good, but lacking the promised edamame puree. My husband's pad thai was okay, he got it hot, not Thai hot, and I was able to handle it. Apparently heat levels are not consistent here. 

We get the bill, and though it was very low for two apps, and two entrees, it had the egg rolls on it. I was shocked. The more I thought about it, the angrier I got.  It will take a long time before I go back to Circles, and ordering take-out will leave me wondering if my dishes are in fact vegetarian. I'm really, really bummed that I was so excited for a Thai place close to home, only to be let down so much.
I stopped by for the first time for takeout. I ordered chicken pad Thai with mild spice. It tasted pretty good although the portion was a bit small for the price. It costs $15. But compared to the other Thai place down the street, this one is definitely better: more flavorful and more chicken. 

TIP: during covid, the restuarant is open for pick up but you have to call in advance to place the order. You can't do it in person.
The first time I ate at Circles was at the South Philly location two years ago. The food was solid (nothing special), but we were completely bowled over by the check, which came to close to $100 for two (husband and I). The pricing on the menu was really confusing, with up-charges for everything, and didn't match the pricing on the check. We stayed away for a long time and had a running joke every time we were surprised by a check at a restaurant: "Well, at least it's not Circles."

After one decent meal in the interim eating at the No. Libs location, we decided to order take out tonight because it's close to our home. One word: appalling. I ordered very simply: thai rolls, pad thai with chicken, kow soi curry with white rice. Husband brought our order home after a 1/2 hour, and we found NO pad thai, NO rice. 

Called them and was told - "very busy, come back to get the rest of your food in 1/2 an hour." NO attempt to speed up fixing the mistake, NO offer of a refund for even the missing part of our order. 

The food was fine as always, but I simply don't get the hype about this place. There are better places to get Thai all over the city which don't overcharge you or make you put up with truly awful service like Circles. 

Also - a warning about the kow soi for fans of this dish. I was excited to see it on the menu because it's hard to find, but it's not the rich, spicy curry noodle soup I thought I'd get. It's a whole braised chicken leg with rubbery skin in a small pool of curry. It comes with a tangle of fried noodles (the kind that comes with your soup in Americanized Chinese restaurants) and a tiny scattering of pickled greens. And the curry is  ... fine ... but the worst rendition I've had of this dish in the U.S. Yes you get a lot of flavorless chicken, but it is so disappointing, especially at $17.

Ugh.  Never, never again will I give this place my business.
WHY CHANGE THE MENU???????  Everything we order is not on menu anymore!!!!!!!!   5 stars down to 2 now.  Horrific new menu!  


I guess I have to drive down to South Philly for the real "Circles"!
Caviar was offering 10% off Thai spots last week, and you bet we took advantage of it! We called Circles and placed an order for drunken noodles with tofu, chicken pad thai and a papaya salad. 

The portions were large and the food was delicious. The tofu in the drunken noodles were fried and chopped in large half chunks just the way I like them. It seemed like the noodles was missing something though. There is usually some sweetness in drunken noodles that I did not taste in Circles' version. My husband had the chicken pad thai which he thought was just all right.  Finally, we both enjoyed the papaya salad. It had just the right balance of sweet, salty and acidity. 

Circles is definitely one of the better Thai restaurants in Philly. If you're craving authentic Thai food and don't want to venture into Center City, Circles is your best option.
When I first moved to Northern Liberties, I thought the neighborhood would be  perfect if only it had the following things:

1) a grocery store (then we got Superfresh!)
2) a non-ghetto liquor store (then we got a beautiful new Wine & Spirits shop!)
3) a Thai restaurant (then FINALLY we got Circles!)

Since its opening, I've dined in once and have gotten takeout once.  So far I've sampled the following: veggie spring rolls, veggie dumplings, pad see ew (with shrimp), pineapple fried rice and pumpkin curry (with tofu).  The food was very fresh and flavorful.  The pumpkin curry was a bit sweet for my liking, and the veg dumplings seemed too delicate, almost like the dough was a bit undercooked. Or maybe they're supposed to be that way...they were tasty anyway. 

On Friday they were crazy busy and service was very slow.  Servers were confused.  Food kept going out to the wrong tables. It seemed like we waited an eternity for our food.  When I went back to use the bathroom I could hear the servers & kitchen staff freaking out on each other.  On the night I called for takeout, the hostess seemed confused when taking my order.  First she had to check that they 'had the veg spring rolls today' which I thought was odd (isn't that a regular menu item?).  Then she told me it would be about 20 minutes, and that she'd call me when it was ready.  I also thought that part was odd.  After 30 minutes of not being called, I went over and my food was ready.  When I paid, I was told they were out of change (which was fine since my change would have been like 60 cents, but again it was odd).  

The space is beautiful but cramped.  I can't believe it's the same space as the ugly old 2nd Street Pizza. Once this place has been opened a little longer I think I'll be able to bump up my review to 4 or 5 stars, but they are still ironing out some kinks.
Overpriced and underwhelming.  For about 3x the price of any other takeout, it definitely wasn't 3x better.
First, let's start with the soup. I ordered lemongrass soup, which was lemongrass broth with a few floating rogue onions.  Now, at an additional cost you can add some sort of "protein" to the soup, but for $6 there should be something besides onions!
Next, the spring rolls.  These were nothing I couldn't get from my grocer's freezer.  
The duck pad thai was OK, but for $17 I was hoping for a little better than OK.  Admittedly I am not a pad thai aficionado, but that was just a little disappointing.  It was very dry, and not a whole lot going on.  I feel like I could have gotten better pad thai at Pei Wei, which is not a good feeling!
On the up side, the delivery was quick and the lady who took my order was lovely.  But unfortunately, my foray into the world of pad thai will lead me elsewhere.
This place has the worst delivery/customer service I have ever experienced in Philly. 

Despite all the similar, negative reviews, I called circles and placed an order at 550pm. It was 710pm when I received a call from the driver stating he was at my place (one hour and twenty minutes after order was placed). 

But there's more. It turns out the driver was at the wrong address altogether. I called the restaurant (now the third time this evening) and, after asking them to cancel my order, was put on hold for a few more minutes to talk to the manager... when the girl gets back on the phone, she asks me to hold on more because I'm still looking for my manager

Why? Because only the manager can cancel orders. 

Not to try to make up for taking over 90 minutes to cook/deliver noodles to the wrong address... 

Do not order from this place. It's not worth it.
I'm a little disappointed. The food wasn't bad, but it didn't live up to my experiences at the original location.

We got our usual, beef pad thai  and pumpkin curry with tofu, as well as an order of cheesesteak rolls.  The pad thai noodles were overcooked, and the flavor was a little off. Not bad, just different.  My pumpkin curry was more watery than I've had at the Tasker location, and the rice was not the same. The tofu in the curry, however, was just as delicious as I was expecting.  The cheesesteak rolls were good, but I think the ketchup sauce is just heinz mixed with some chili.

Delivery was super fast, I'm talking 20 minutes.

Is Circles NoLibs terrible? No. It just is not amazing as its South Philly counterpart. I would try other NoLibs Thai places before reordering from here.
Ordered take out... the chicken wings were raw inside.  Called the store to rectify the issue, the lady's English wasn't that good and I had to say everything three times before she got it.  Then halfway through the lady put me on hold for 5 minutes.  Another woman picked up the phone, this time fluent in English, I explained to her my situation and she quickly moved to get another order out to me.

After waiting another hour... the wings never came (now 2 hours after original order time), I called and asked them for the store credit instead.

Serving raw chicken is absolutely unacceptable, no one wants to get salmonella on a $8 appetizer.  For that reason I give it 1 start (lowest).
I ordered from Circles (via Caviar) last weekend, and while the food was fine (good even), I was really disappointed when I found a piece of chicken in the vegan green curry that I ordered.

I get a bit nervous ordering food if I can't speak to someone about what's in each of the dishes, so I called ahead before putting in my online order and was told that both dishes could be made vegan (using vegan fish sauce). I then made a note on both dishes when putting in the order online requesting that it be made vegan (no egg, fish sauce, or meat). The dishes were a tofu pad kee mow and a vegetable green curry, so except for the fish sauce both should naturally have been vegan. 

The pad kee mow was a bit oily for my taste but my sister liked it a lot, and the vegan green curry was very good. The big issue though was the piece of chicken. I had my bf investigate as he eats meat, and he confirmed that it was in fact chicken =/
Might not look like much from the outside, but the inside is super cute, zen, relaxing, and the food is delicious. The staff is very nice and the menus have lots of great options (side note: the menus are really heavy).

I've ordered takeout from here a lot, and it's been good but nothing incredible. After eating here in person, I realize that transporting the food from the restaurant to my place takes something away from the tastiness. For takeout it's 4/5 stars. For eating at the locations it's an easy 5/5. 

I'll be back a lot. Love it.
Easy dinner with friends at this byob. On a Saturday night making last minute plans, it's great to have places like circles. 

Their coconut milk soup is my new favorite soup of all time. Duck pad Thai was good, but I found myself loving the pad Thai and not the duck itself. I believe they increased the portion size of the calamari.

BYOB was awesome as well and we were able to bring exactly what we wanted to drink at a reasonable price.

Service was good and attentive.
I order out from Circles probably once a week. Because of this, I have eaten a LOT of their food. For the most part, I love their food. However, I can't give them 5 stars for one reason: consistency.

I think there must be 2 chefs, because, even though I get the same thing, It comes tasting 2 different ways. One is amazing, the other is fair. For example, the Coconut Milk Soup either tastes perfect, or too salty. The Sticky Rice Custard either tastes amazing, or the egg custard is runny and too eggy. 

The Pad Thai is even perfect, or it is dry and not-so-good. 

If they could get the consistency issue down, it would be a 5-star restaurant easily.
I ordered delivery from Circles with my other half during an overnight shift earlier this evening. We're big Asian bitches (cuisine predilection, not ethnicity) so I'd hazard to guess that we've ordered from almost every Asian establishment in this city and thus have a formidable frame of reference. 

The description under their name on caviar reads "Philadelphia's best Thai food" which I agree with only on the condition that every other Thai restaurant closed. 

Menu variety is good, no complaints there. COB is under the weather at the moment and was jonesing for a brothy soup to soothe the throat. This place has a few soup options, better than the one soup option I saw elsewhere. Notably, there are an impressive quantity of roll options: standard vegetarian rolls, summer rolls which resemble Vietnamese ingredients/flavors, moving west with Thai rolls, CHEESESTEAK rolls, and I'm not joking you: VEGETARIAN CHEESESTEAK ROLLS. I didn't try any of these but holy shit. 

There are also a copious amount of entrees: noodles, fried rice, curries, stir fries, etc etc literally everyone that dabbles with Asian food should be able to find something they like. Extra bonus points for the additional vegetarian option of seitan for many of their entrees. The vegetarian options are singlehandedly the reason for 3 instead of 2 stars. 

Unfortunately the variety only goes so far when the food doesn't really taste good. We ordered penang curry with tofuwhich is a standard order for me almost every single time at every single place that offers it. Bae ordered the lemongrass soup, and to polish off our order, we got pad ped with seitan because stir-fried red curry with bamboo, bell peppers, basil, cream, peppercorns, and wild ginger sounded delicious. 

The penang curry not only was completely unremarkable in flavor but was essentially a curry soup with a few peppers, green beans, and tofu wedges. The contents were so minimal that I almost finished the whole thing while I was waiting for my tofu wedge to finish her soup and had to stop myself to allow her to have some of it. 

Upon peeling one corder of the pad ped's container lid a RUSH of odor resembling diapers escaped into the room and regrettingly our smell apparatus. Needless to say, this was mildly unappetizing. Who am I to let this stop me, however, and chopsticks in hand, I wrestled through 95% of the dish which was some beige substance resembling a hybrid of potato and squash (likely bamboo) to find an ingredient I was interested in eating. The seitan was good, but scarce. The flavor itself was acceptable, but not particularly satisfying. COB and I ate the scarce seitan and few bell peppers and green beans I could excavate from the mountains of bamboo. 

To add insult to injury, the delivery fee on caviar is a whopping $5. I'd expect a somewhat decent-tasting meal for that kind of cheddar.

Ultimately this was a very disappointing meal and hopefully this experience will be memorable enough that we can avoid ordering this again although I'm not particularly confident given the fact that we accidentally order from places we've hated pretty regularly.
Our waitress here was a delight, when it came time for me to order the papaya salad, I've asked for the spiciest and she warned me that it was made very spicy. We both joked living in Thailand, I am used to the heat while my date wasn't. She  recommended his dish to be mild, and came out with on the house treats for us.

The Thai iced tea was amazing! It was served with two bottles of coconut milk and honey. 

I'm a regular from now on.
Having been devoid of a Thai restaurant for several years in the neighborhood, I was very excited to check out Circles, but after eating there one time, I cannot express my complete and total dissatisfaction enough.

I called to order some take out on a Tuesday evening, and was placed on hold for 5 minutes, until I got sick of waiting.  So I hung up.   I called back a couple of minutes later, and again, I was placed on hold, so I put my phone on speaker, and proceeded to rearrange my sock drawer.  This should have been taken as a sign from God to NOT ORDER FOOD FROM CIRCLES.  But I ignored these signs, and called back.  This time, the person who answered was able to accept my take out order.

We ordered some pineapple curry with chicken and some red curry with chicken, no rice and extra vegetables on both entrees, for takeout one evening.  I was very disappointed with what we got.  For $14 an entree, my dish consisted mostly of the coconut curry sauce, and much little of anything else.  There were a few pieces of what appeared to be pre-chewed shredded chicken in there, and absolutely no extra veggies like I had asked!  My dish was extremely saucy, and left me still hungry afterwards.  The curry was very sweet...too sweet, and not spicy like I had asked

I would consider making an exception if the food was good, but both entrees were terrible!!!  

As long as Baan Thai (the other, less heralded Thai place that just opened up in Liberties Walk) is open, I will gladly order from there rather than get ripped off for marginally edible and extremely overpriced food.
My original plan was to be at work tonight eating a sandwich for dinner, but then I was magically cancelled from my shift at the last minute. 

The clock was suddenly my friend.  

I had time on my hands.  

The world was my oyster.  

Are you sick of the cliches yet? 

So, we decided to head to No Libs to try out Circles.  From the moment we walked in, we were hit with the smells from the kitchen and we couldn't wait to eat.  I immediately told the waitress about my allergies and asked her what she recommended from the menu.  She steered us towards the summer rolls to start off our dinner.  They were a little on the plain side, but it was a huge portion that we were able to split easily and the ingredients were fresh.  She then told us they could make the pad thai vegan without any problems.  It came out and it was cooked perfectly.  I've never had pad thai that good.  We were leaning towards the pineapple curry, but the waitress actually suggested the pumpkin curry since the weather outside had gotten cooler.  I'm so glad she convinced us to switch.  The pumpkin curry was wonderfully rich and creamy and it was a good match for the fall temperatures.  

One appetizer and two entrees was a good amount to share between the two of us.  We left Circles happily full and we even had a bit leftover that we were able to take with us.  It goes without saying that I didn't miss my sandwich at all.  I'll definitely be back here at some point.
Since I moved to my last apartment solely because it was within a 1-block radius of Circles Newbold, I needed to come to Circles NoLibs opening weekend to show my undying support for the most delicious Thai food in Philadelphia.

Chef Alex creates complex, beautiful delicious, weaving together flavors and textures that complement each other and make you think.  The NoLibs menu seems identical to that of Newbold, offering rice, curry, and noodle dishes as well as other specialty items. I much prefer the atmosphere of the NoLibs location due to its low, warm lighting.  I like the versatility of the restaurant: it can be casual or romantic. The restaurant itself is quite small, but the seating arrangement is not crowded.

My date and I started with the seitan satay, which comes with a cucumber relish and peanut sauce.  Again, the creamy and crunchy toppings are dynamic against the smoky, almost-charred seitan.  We split the red curry with tofu which had an abundance of watercress and was rich and spicy.  We also had pad see ew with shrimp and tofu and I was disappointed because only two shrimp came in the whole dish.  Boo!  Otherwise, it was delicious.

Service is friendly and accomodating.  My date and I have far different spice tolerances and they were happy to bring me a side of the red pepper so I could add it to my dish accordingly.  This is a BYO with no corkage fees.  Congrats to Circles for a successful new addition!
First, crab rangoon is a must have.   I have had many crab rangoons and its just cream cheese, crab meat, etc.  But they have curry infused with the cream cheese and you can see the actual fascicles of the crab meat.

Second, Philly cheesesteak spring rolls + sriracha = YYYUUUMMM!!!!

I have never been to the actual restaurant; I get delivery.  The delivery man is really adorable and nice.  Their pad thai is very delicious - it's nice and sweet, though I always use a spritz of lemon with it.  I also recommend the chicken satay.  I tried panang, jungle, and red  - all of which were very good.  It you haven't tried a curry yet, maybe start with one of those.  If you want a slight spicy kick, go for the red.  I do think they can slice some of their vegetables more thinly (e.g. bamboo shoots in the red curry) so there is a better balance between meet and vegetables.  I can't wait to try the green curry!

I am not too crazy about the calamari - the breading to squid ratio is too much.  It also left funky after taste.
Great service. Every time I go in here for take-out, the hostesses are super friendly and smiley. I've only gone in for dinner once, and my server was great, too! The restaurant was packed yet he was attentive and didn't miss a thing. 

Next, the food. Jeez Louise, this is the best food in the world, ever. Their pumpkin curry? To die for. The duck? Amazing. I want to order everything off their menu but unfortunately I only have one stomach.
I really like Circles.  Some people are very meh about the growing chain here in Philly, but ever since Circles opened up in South Philly a bunch of years back, I have been a fan.  So when the location in NoLibs opened, I knew I had to give it a shot.

And let me tell you.  This location did not disappoint.

I visited Circles in NoLibs last week with a girlfriend of mine from high school.  We had been to the South Philly location together and wanted to try out this one as well.  The first thing I noticed that the ambiance is SO much better than in South Philly.  It's in a nicer location, the decor is nicer, and the restaurant didn't have that desolate feeling that the South Philly location has.

Food wise, I was happy to discover that the food was nearly identical in price, quantity and quality.  My friend and I ordered some calamari to start and she got the cashew stirfry (one of my go-tos) and I ordered the pumpkin curry (with tofu), which is one of Circles' most popular dishes.

I would recommend that you skip the calamari if you visit.  It was fine- but it tasted frozen.  There are so many better starters to choose from.   I really loved my pumpkin curry.  I have a fairly small appetite and was able to get 3 meals out of this dish!!  

Other notes- we visited on a Wednesday and it was pretty crowded around 7 pm.  Also, this location is BYOB and they sell mixers for cocktails.  I would recommend you order your food at a spiciness level lower than what you think you can handle.  They like to turn up the heat on their dishes!
The good timing of a Living Social deal after the Yelp Summer Soirée brought me to Circles last week. With my husband and a bottle of wine, I was excited to get my Thai on.

Obviously, we went with the pumpkin curry. It was so fab when we sampled it and we were even tempted to get it with two different proteins. After strategizing with meat and spice levels, we decided on the medium pumpkin curry chicken and the Southern Kua Kling Curry. The later dish contains stir fried beef and veggies...and comes with a warning label for the spice. Figuring the dishes would be large, we skipped the appetizers.

What an experience of spice and flavor! We split the dishes, which really complimented each other with the varied spice levels. So I don't think I've ever had a dish so spicy as the Kua in public before. I definitely had many "whoa hot" moments.  They were indeed correct by adding a warning. But it wasn't just a spicy dish with no content. They beef was flavorful and tender. The veggies were fresh and grabbed the spice as well. Keep in mind the curry was cooked into the beef so it wasn't a creamy curry dish.

The pumpkin curry on the other hand was perfectly creamy. There was enough sauce to cover the rice as well. Succulent, flavorful, amazing. Truly a fantastic use of pumpkin and spice.

Our service was fine. Nothing above and beyond, but we felt taken care of. The decor was modern. I actually enjoyed the white and gold wall hanging in the second bathroom on the right. The space itself was tiny. We had traffic issues getting in the door and then we were extremely close to our table neighbors. While having our spice "reactions" there almost wasn't anything else to do but listen to the conversations to either side.

Good timing got me in the door but good food will get me back.
My all time favorite thai place just went from 10 stars down to 2. I just spent 55 $ on food that used to be 40 $... took it home and began to eat. Has the food changed over the past two weeks? Pad thai extremely soggy and there are some strange looking things in the lemon grass and coconut soups. Also they removed the vegan chicken satay! What the hell circles!?!? I've been craving all day and now I am severely dissapointed. Not to mention 8pm on a Sunday night and I was the only soul in the restaurant. Hmmm...
First time customer, and just got take out from Circles and the prices were high. I said no biggie. Delivery dude dropped it off and I wondered why is it so light?  Guess what?  6 pieces of shrimp for a red curry and chicken wasn't even enough for the Pad Khing. It barely made half rhe container. Paid $41.04 for the entire  order and we are still hungry!!!  Man should've just drove and spent $30 on a better portioned meal. Disappointed.
I went to circles the day that it opened.  It had such a good energy, and great vibe.  There was some buzz about it.  The food was interesting and very good.  Since I've returned to circles, I've noticed that while they've attempted to make this nolibs spot a nice dinner place, no one is ever in there.  I think it's mainly a take out spot.

That being said, the last time I went there I ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls.  They were awful!  Honestly no one could eat them.  The pumpkin curry is VERY good.  They also had a tofu dish on the menu and then told me they no longer had that.  

Now they are no longer open for lunch, so you can only have dinner here.  The prices have gone WAY up which is really crazy because there are SO many excellent thai places for much cheaper.  

I'd say, skip it...
So I wanted pad Thai and was too lazy to leave my house to get it, so grubhub led me back to Circles.  I must say this experience was better than the last. The pad Thai was fantastic.  I ordered mine with beef and it was perfect.  I also tried the tofu corn fritters which were delicious.  I've never tried anything like them before but they were great. The soup was just ok...it was kinda bland and next time I'd skip it.  
The prices are still way too much.  $5 delivery charge? Srsly?
Ordered from Grubhub on a rainy, cold Sunday because my boyfriend & I were craving some serious curry.

The good: Crab Rangoon was delicious and not overly sweet. Curries had nice flavor in both of our dishes, though the man claims his wasn't as spicy as it should have been. 

The bad: There was a hair (that didn't belong to me or my boyfriend) in my curry, and they forgot to bring one of the two Thai teas we ordered. 

I think I'll stick to ordering from Erawan in Chinatown, because this was not worth the $50 it cost us.
The NoLibs location is now in soft opening mode. I was able to attend a preview event, where I was impressed with the cute, cozy space. I bet this place will be packed at dinner time. I tried some of the appetizers, including tasty cheesesteak spring rolls and beef  salad. Chicken satay was a little dry. If the curries here are as good as the other location, NoLibs is lucky to have the new Circles!
Not the best but not the absolute worst. The service was good and the place seemed nice even though I just ran in for pick up. The pad Thai was ok, insanely spicy though (like eye watering, nose sniffling hot) and I chose "medium", so if you can't handle spice I would stick with mild. The octopus was a bit rubbery and flavorless, so were the summer rolls. Also it seems a bit overpriced for what it is. Overall I probably won't ever eat here again even though it's super close to my house.
What happened to this place? Quality of the food as well as portion sizes went way down.

Peak gai tod was no longer served as whole wings and were completely flavorless. Summer rolls falling apart, sloppily put together, lacked any herbs, and came with watered-down sauce. How far they have fallen.
A fellow Yelper once told me that when it comes to ethnic restaurants the true indicator of quality is a majority of the patrons and workers be of the same ethnicity as the restaurant. Well if lovin' the Lord is wrong I don't wanna be right because I didn't see one Thai worker and there may have only been two or three Asians in the entire place, regardless boo and I had our best meal of 2012 there. 

We had reservations for 8:00 but it was a Saturday night so we had to wait about ten minutes. Once we were seated the manager stopped by our table to apologize and ask if there is anything we needed to please let him know. Completely unnecessary but a very nice gesture. 

Our waitress was extremely friendly and as this was our first time at Circles she walked us through the menu. I've only had Thai once (boo and I's first date in 2008, just picture Along Came Polly capped off with me forgetting my wallet) so I had a lot of questions but she was on top of everything. We ended up getting the pork dumplings and the crab ragoon. Amazing. The ragoon had a lot of curry in it which gave it a really unique flavor that was sweet and a bit spicy. The dumpling wrap was like eating a cloud, and the dipping sauce was out of control.

When it came to the man dishes this was tough because everything sounded great and most options had a beef / poultry / fish option. I have a tough time when there are multiple good sounding options but I was told the chefs specialty is beef and so I went with the green curry with beef and boo went with the pork pad thai. Along with a paint bucket full of wine I got at Pinot the day before, this meal was perfect. The meat in both dishes was beyond tender. The spiciness was just as described which was a relief after my last experience. We even had a little left over and we NEVER have leftovers so this was huge. We ordered two thai coffees to finish up and before we could order dessert the manager brought over thai coffee ice cream for us to share on the house since we had to wait. 

Total class all the way. Affordable, delicious, and is now our go to when we have guests in town or just need to have a fail proof delicious meal.
I'm sure the food is great and all, but don't bother trying to order takeout from here.   Ordered Pad Kee Moo, two hours later it still hadn't shown up.  Called up and it turns out that they must have somehow lost the order, because nobody could figure out where it was.   Grumpy and hungry, I ventured out into the cold for a couple of slices.

Heard great things about the food, but who cares if they can't get it to you?
I have so much to rave about this sister location of Circles. First and foremost, what the chef did on Thursday 11/14/13 was out of pure love and charity. The chef donated all sales of the day to help the victims of the typhoon in the Philippines. I believe it was roughly around $3,000. I did not hear any other restaurants that did something like this but I'm sure there were. 

I love ordering from this place during lunch, mostly because I work only a few blocks away. You can never go wrong with the Pad Thai but the curry dishes are wonderful. If you're craving crab, order the crab fried rice. It has so much lump crab meat that you will be satisfied. It is my favorite fried rice, hands down!

10/3/14 I have had to downgrade the quality of service and food in this establishement. I don't know what is going on at this location but it has really gone down. I order from this location mostly when I'm at work in Old City. The spicy level is never consistent. I have requested multiple times on certain dishes to not be spicy because some of my co-workers can't handle the spice, on some days it's right on, other days it's spicy as hell. I like my food to be Medium spice and on some days it's Thai hot and others Mild. The delivery system is an absolute failure, out of the many times I've ordered I've gotten my food on time, twice. The other times I requested for delivery, it is usually 15-20 minutes late. I really hope that this location work on their service and quality for take out orders because for the most part we do enjoy the food here. So, please try to improve your service.
I previously loved Circles but I am annoyed with them over the "new menu" they put into place.  Items removed and prices increased?  Not cool.
Absolutely horrible customer service - if you are even able to reach someone on the phone. On multiple occasions, my delivery has taken over an hour. My most recent order took 1 hour and 55 minutes to arrive. Keep in mind, they told me on the phone 20 minutes. 

I tried calling multiple times to check up on my order and either couldn't get through (goes right to voicemail, which is full) or was placed on hold for 10 minutes at a time. 

Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but I've had it with this place. I will no longer be giving Circles my money. I can't, in good conscious, support a place that cares so little about their customers.
came here last night for dinner with a friend and had a solid experience. (after many solid delivery experiences as well)

the cheesesteak rolls are so delicious as is the crab rangoon. i could actually probably just make a meal out of the appetizers they offer. 

i got the pad thai and my friend got the pad kee mow (drunken noodle). both of us enjoyed our dishes and would definitely be back when craving thai!
If you read the article in Philly.com/clean plates you would know this place should just be shut down.
Great food but DO NOT order online for delivery. Last 2 times placing online order and asking for 7pm delivery we had to call at 7:15 and they were very confused about the order being placed. The food didn't come til after 8:15 on either occasion. 

Like I said.. Food is great, but call!
We had been threatening to come here since it opened in NoLibs and just hadn't gotten around to it yet.  But then my fiance's sister suggested Circles for her birthday dinner this past Saturday, we jumped at the opportunity to sample what I have heard is some great Thai cuisine.  What we ended up getting was not great, it was absolutely AMAZING!

We had forgotten that Circles is BYOB but no matter; my fiance made a quick stroll across the street to the The Foodery to get us a couple beers to drink with our meal.  Service was attentive despite the business and our waters were refilled every time they were getting low.

We started dinner with the crab rangoon and the cheesesteak spring roll.  The spring rolls were definitely ok but the crab rangoon was the best I've ever experienced here in Philly.  And yes, this means that the crab wontons at The Latest Dish have been unseated as my favorite appetizer ever (sorry Dish, still love you guys).  The seasoned curry cream cheese just amped these tasty little crab packets to a whole new level of amazing.  So so creamy and so good.

For dinner, my soon to be sister-in-law had the Massaman curry (medium spicy level) while my fiance and myself shared the salmon pad thai (mild spicy level).  Pad thai is something you can have at a lot of different places and it is almost always decent.  This pad thai was glorious.  A lot of this has to do with the fact the salmon was cooked to perfection.  It was little details like this that heighten the experience in this darkly lit, beautifully designed little restaurant in NoLibs.  The massaman curry had a slow build to its' heat level but was delicious nonetheless.  Portions were just the right size for sharing.

We highly enjoyed our meal at Circles and cannot wait to visit again.  I may have to stop in soon just to pick up some crab rangoon for a take home snack!
This is my first review on yelp, not because the food was amazing, but because it was the other way around. My pad Thai noodles were below my exceptions, and in general we were left with unsatisfied and sad feelings. The delivery time was one and half hours, not lighting. With the quality food we got...if yelp had a negative star option, I would've chosen it. Unfortunately, yelp doesn't has that option 
Btw, my friend did enjoy his curry dish
Came in here for dinner with a friend a week or two ago. We arrived pretty early, maybe shortly before 6pm. We were quickly seated and ordered an appetizer of spring rolls (which were [deep]fried) and an entree each. I forget what my friend had but my massaman curry with beef was superb. The beef was so tender, I often close my eyes and just keep re-imagining it.

I think our appetizer, two entrees and two Thai iced teas came out to around $40 before tip, which isn't too bad considering the high quality food.

The service was also great and attentive. When we first came in, I wondered why there seemed to be overstaffed for a Wednesday evening. I soon found out why -- by the time we left, the place was packed!
Excellent Thai food, and my current fav in the city. Tried a variety on the menu and everything has been excellent and delicious. Be careful if you ask for spicy, although flavorful, can be more than what you're used to. Try mild and go on from there. 

Every dish features those wonderful blends of Thai cooking that I've come to love. Try the lemon grass soup for starters, it's like being punched in the face with flavor. I crave it each time I go, a must in my opinion. 

I've had the Pad Thai, red curry, pumpkin curry, and massaman curry. All delicious but I tend to lean toward more savory than sweet dishes when it comes to Thai. Totally a personal preference. I've yet to be disappointed with anything I've tried. My wife loves their Thai beef salad, which she typically pairs with that awesome lemon grass soup. 

The dining area is small and more accommodating for smaller circles, no pun intended. And the service is very friendly and knowledgable in helping you find your next food adventure.
The food wasn't horrible....but it is not like any thai that I have had.  I know everyone differs in their opinion on what "good" thai food tastes like....and I appreciate that.  But this was not authentic Thai food.

Their dishes tasted kind of like they were supposed to, but with a twist,and not in a good way.  They also didn't have sticky rice for my meal.  

Maybe I have just been spoiled and lived in places where there is awesome Thai.  

On a positive note....it's very clean, new, and the waiter was excellent.
I had been wanting to try the South Philly Circles for a while and then this location opened much closer to us. We went on a Friday evening and were surprised to be seated right away (which I attributed to bad weather and people being out of town). This location is byob which I prefer for thai and we brought some white wine with us. I could see getting beers at the nearby Foodery as well in the future. The menu had a lot of things we were interested in trying, so it was hard to choose where to start. We ended up with the Seitan Satay to start and it did not disappoint. The texture was right on and the sauce was superb. I will have a hard time trying something new the next time I go. For mains we settled on trying our usuals as we wanted to see how Circles stacked up in the Philly Thai scene. Both my Pad Thai and Clay's Chicken Curry were great. I felt like I enjoyed too much of the Satay however because I had a hard time making a dent in my noodles. I look forward to trying more of their menu and making this a regular thai spot. The service was great and I loved the serving dishes.
Checked out the new NoLibs version of Circles with my South Philly Circles friends.  The food is pretty much the same, but this one has a better dining room, although there's something to be said for the whole off the beaten track thing they have going in South Philly.  We had some calamari and then shared a bunch of dishes.  All were medium, or hot for spice level, but that was conveyed in different ways.  For example, my medium chicken pad see ew was a lot spicier than the spicy curry.  We had veggie, tofu, and chicken options and pretty much finished everything.  It was a good amount of food.  We brought wine which was quickly consumed, and paid about $25 a person, so it was definitely a good deal for a Friday night dinner.  It's busy so I recommend making a reservation on Open Table.
I am so happy circles is in our neighborhood!  The summer rolls are super fresh, the green curry was great, as were the drunken noodles.  We also had the papaya salad, and the calamari - yum!  Beware of how hot you order your food - a 3 or 4 on their rating scale is really,really spicy - so if you are sensitive I'd recommend a 1 or a 2.  The decor is super cute too, a great place for an affordable date night or to meet up with friends.  Great experience!
Yelp is becoming less credible everyday. I used to read yelp ratings to assist in my decision to eat out on daily basis, only to find that most of these so-called "ratings" are largely hyped. Is there a 3rd party service that gets paid to rate this place? Because Circles is no where near a four star rating, at all.

The food is overpriced garbage. Sorry folks, but the "contemporary" taste that this restaurant seems to boast is more generic, one-dollar to go-ish, than it is a culinary masterpiece. 

Do you like paying Jose Garces prices for sub-par meals? Only to find that the rice is decaying after it touches your palate. Gross! To think, that this place is busy enough to have new rice every week. I told the staff that day and all they did was ignore me. 

There is definitely something going on behind the curtains here.

After investigating some comments further, I can now see that this place may be going into dire straights. One person commented that they "used to be open for lunch, now it's only open for dinner."

Another moaned, " They got rid of half of the menu items." If I am not mistaken. I think this place is about ready to close after the five year lease is up and is covering up for their losses by using what is left of their "stellar" yelp reputation by being stingy with the food, old rice, and sub-par service.

Not a bad exit strategy.... I guess......

Pros:

NONE

Cons:

- Crappy food quality
- Non-attentive wait staff
- Rotten Rice.....
- I found only 3 small pieces of chicken in my $14 Red Curry. I basically paid a ton of money for $1.00 worth of vegetables and 50 cents worth of chicken.

- Avoid..... I've had much MUCH better, and cheaper, Thai food elsewhere.
I had some friends visiting from out of town who were in the mood for Thai food. I've walked by Circles a few times and we decided to give it a try.  The food here is top notch. I ordered the Tofu Green Curry mildly spiced. It's the best Green Curry I've ever had! My friends loved what they ordered as well. I will definitely be back!!
I ordered delivery from here tonight and they never came!! and now they are closed!! are you freakin kidding me???! thumbs DOWN
Used to love it and go once a week all the way from Fitler Square, but they removed our favorite items from the menu so we haven't been back since.
Two terrible experiences in two weeks.  Ordered delivery from Northern Liberties two weeks ago. Quoted an hour, took over two hours.  Tonight I ordered from South Philly.  Quoted an hour, called after an hour and 2o and was told 10 more minutes.  Called back 15 minutes later and am told they never made the food and do I still want it?  Yes of course, I need to eat dinner.  This is terrible service.  Tonight they said they were calling the driver the first time I called, never did, when I called back she checked and realized they never made the food.  You guys have great food, but this is horrible service.
PROS: Excellent service, cute environment, tasty dishes, big portions
CONS: ?

The best Thai I've had so far in Philly! The ingredients taste really fresh. Everything we ordered was delicious. The location is a bit out of the way for us, but I'm glad we made it here on a Tuesday night. Moreover, it's byob - even better!
In a word... meh. I won't be back. One of the worst Thai meals that I have ever had. Ever. 

Although the menu seemed to have a solid variety, I have to question what they do well. It seemed like the Cheesecake Factory of Thai restaurants which makes it hard to find an item that is actually good in my opinion. You cannot do everything well. And for me, they did everything not well at all. And they did not even get my spice level right (making a bad meal even worse). 

Based on the experience I have had trying to find a good Thai restaurant in Philly, I am getting more concerned. There were better options in smaller cities like Boston and Pittsburgh. Hoping that I just have not found the "right" Thai restaurant yet.
*Delivery via Caviar* Circles did not disappoint! I was craving Thai and thought of giving Circles another try. I opted for chicken pad Thai, shrimp summer rolls, and crab & pork dumplings. Everything was fresh, tasty and the portions were generous. I will absolutely be ordering from them again!
Good place for takeout. My boyfriend liked his pad thai, but I was not crazy about my peanut noodles. The peanut sauce had a strange flavor and didn't taste great after a few bites. I'll stick to the regular pad thai next time.
I get Circles delivered and it's always solid Thai food. Can't complain. Not the best in the world, but definitely a solid ordering-in option.
Just got takeout from here on Uber Eats. Came quick and was delicious. I got the chicken pad Thai - mild and the fried tofu. I'd definitely reorder. It was packaged well and very flavorful. May be a new go-to!!
Omg this spot is fire. I chose the spicy Thai option... Boy!!!! I love hot and spicy but this one here... Phew! It had my immune system flushed out. The sweat was pouring from while I keep trying to devour this dish. Philly don't play when it comes their dishes. I have to come to the location where they are making this fire bomb of flavor. The stuff I eat when I'm on the road working in the industry. Man!! 

Live, Love, and Laugh
  - Sha
I've been living in NoLibs for 4 years and some people will ask if I've had circles bc "it's so good". I hate to sound pretentious but having visited Thailand and having some of the best Thai food of my life I always refused to try this Thai restaurant that had been closed down a couple times for health violations. 

I finally decided to try it out to say that I've tried and in my honest opinion and for my fellow locals I have to say Baan Thai is a way better option if you're craving Thai takeout. Please refrain yourself from this whitewashed version of Thai food. And to the chefs and owner, do better. 

Summer rolls - I liked that the shrimp was cooked well but they were super warm which I did not like for summer rolls and no peanut sauce. Just a really salty hoisin like dipping sauce I didn't care for at all 

Pad see ew - the beef was so tough and chewy I refused to eat it. There were barely any noodles but lots and lots of vegetables. This was honestly a disgrace to the pad see ew! For the price I basically got sautéed vegetables with over cooked beef 

Red curry - this had way too much coconut milk and not enough curry paste. And I even ordered it the spiciest level! The chicken was so rubbery I also refused to eat it. It was also super watery. 

The best thing about my order was the side of brown rice. It was cooked well 

All in all, no one is allowed to tell me Circles is good Thai food anymore. The protein was inedible and the flavors were lost. This is your good ol gentrified Thai food
I came here with my date. Neither of us have been here before so we wanted to try it. We got the crab rangoon, the vegetable steamed dumplings, the red curry with chicken and the pad that with chicken. The crab rangoon tasted like less than mediocre crab dip from BJs. The crust was the only good part. The steamed dumplings were better but it was still pretty bad. The spinach inside the dumpling did not even taste like they flavored it. The steamed outside was gummy but again, flavorless. We found ourselves craping out the insides and dipping the outside parts of both the rangoon and dumplings in the dumpling sauce. When we ordered, we asked the waitress for the least sweet curry on the menu. She recommended the red curry but that was still very sweet. I expected the sweetens because of the coconut in the curry but this was still the sweetest curry I've ever had at a that restaurant. One good thing, however was the pad thai. The pad that was flavorful and the chicken was very tender. The mangos with the dish were different but my date liked it. I would give this place 2 stars but the service is really what did it for me. The waitress forgot our rice with the curry, did not giver us spoons to eat the curry with or give us chopsticks after we asked. She was mostly MIA during our meal. Even for take out the pad that would still just be less than mediocre.
My go-to Thai take-out spot. Firstly, I like that you can order any item with a degree of spice to it. Please try the Coconut Milk Soup with a little bit of spice...it is savory, mildly sweet, a hint of spice...dang that's good. The crab rangoon have a unique touch with curried cream cheese. Pad Thai is a classic done with just the right balance of sweet peanuty flavor (add tofu or seitan for the vegetarians). My favorite entree is the Roasted Rohan Tamarind Duck. Crispy with a delicious marinade on top and perfectly flavorful within. It's not too large, so it functions as nice take-out spot in the COVID times.
Ordered takeout because I previously had food from here with a friend and it was good. Ordered pad kee mow, fried rice and pad Thai. The pad kee mow was absolutely disgusting. The noodles were soggy and way overcooked without any flavor and the chicken was not cooked properly. Pad Thai was overly sweet. Fried rice was okay. Will not be ordering from here again. Never had bad Thai food until I ordered from here. Called them and they had nothing to say and were unapologetic. Absolutely ridiculous.
Ordered delivery via Caviar despite some negative reviews. I ordered Pad Thai (no protein and not spicy); steamed crab/pork dumplings; and spring rolls. The Pad Thai and dumplings were delicious, but I wouldn't order the spring rolls again (they were bland, dry, and I didn't like the sauce). 

The delivery did come within the promised time frame, yet the Caviar delivery man apologized for the food taking so long. Turns out, the restaurant had given my order to someone accidentally, so I assume that means they had to make it again (which is maybe why everything was still so warm). This is why I have the 4 stars.

Definitely going to order again, and will likely check out the restaurant in person!
Circles in Northern Liberties (along with its sister restaurant in South Philly) is often mentioned near the top of Thai restaurants in Philadelphia.  The newer No Libs branch looks very nice inside balancing a touch of Thailand with a sleek contemporary feel.  The staff are friendly from the greeting to the service.  And now for the food.  Chef Alex in the kitchen here has put together a diverse summer menu that ranges far beyond standard Thai.  The appetizer called miang kham was fairly tasty with the do-it-yourself filling of betel leaves from seven ingredients topped with a palm sugar sauce.  The fried mackerel was nicely done but it was the veggies in this dish that hit the spot - especially the eggplant.  The omelet-like side filled with wattle was also fine.  I thought the kow soi (famous dish from northern Chiang Mai) had far too few edamame ravioli  -at least in comparison to other places where I have eaten it.  Unfortunately all this creativity comes at a price that is on the high side for Thai food in our city.  At least it's BYO!
Overhyped. Prices are ok. But the food is not even mediocre at its best. My biggest complaint was the red snapper not cleaned properly. I will overlook the scales which I can understand might have been missed while cleaning while I cannot get over the bones still left intact in it. I want to say I liked the curry sauce on it but the second bite was as good as licking rock salt, raw. The veggies were, just there. The service was good but the reception person let us on to believe that he was doing us a favor by seating us without reservation while half of the restaurant was empty. So, how do I select 0 stars for a review on Yelp?
I love this little place! Blink and ya miss it, so don't.  I have been 2x now and enjoyed it thoroughly.  Over my visits I have had the summer rolls, vegetarian cheesesteak spring rolls, Pad Kaprow with Seitan, and Corn fritters. The corn fritters weren't exciting but everything else was delicious! Huge bonus: almost everything on the entire menu can be made with tofu or seitan!  The Pad Kaprow with Seitan was so so so so so so so good I had it both times I dined there.  The seitan is prepared in such a way that its sort of tender... really well done. The dish was just the right amount of spicy. My only complaint is that i ate it all and had none left. 

its a cute little place, quite small, but quaint and lovely.  its BYOB, so go to town, my friends.  I saw a party of 7 or so passing a bottle of hennesey around so they are pretty much cool with whatever. 

prices are totally reasonable and fair, portions are great, and service was super friendly.  What a great find, and a new favorite in that neighborhood!
Very nice ambience. Ordered vegetarian dish with soup, tasted like sanitized hospital food. This is Thai food and shouldn't taste like water.
Let me start by saying that Circles has DELICIOUS food. However, it shocks me that Circles has 4 1/2 stars. It deserves 1 star. I understand that Circles in NoLibs just opened, but it is their second location and, in my opinion, they should have some idea of how things work. I tried circles 3 times in almost two weeks - each and every time I went things went terribly wrong. 

Eating at Circles is a stressful process; take out is especially hard, mainly because they don't answer their phone. They are in desperate need of a "take out area" in the actual store, it's an awkward set up (you either have to wait outside or hover over people eating) and there are no take out menus.  Eating in hasn't proved to be any better.  On the second night of being open, I tried placing an order after many attempts at calling them, only to be told that they couldn't do take out on that night?  So, I went with a friend and we genuinely enjoyed our food - they can cook. It was, however, a little annoying to see person after person came and go with their take out orders. No big deal, but still weird. My next attempt at take out sucked. I couldn't get in touch with them again, so I drove over. When I got home, I noticed an unfamiliar crunch in my Pad Thai - egg shells.  Lots of them.  And.. the crab rangoon dumplings I ordered were empty. Wamp wamp.. $17 down the drain. I tried calling to let them know what happened, but they didn't pick up their phone. I left a message and I never received a call back.  My last and final attempt may be the worst - I went with a friend and, after being seated, the place was flooded with people - since there isn't anywhere to put people who are waiting, we felt claustrophobic pretty quickly. Seating every one was a problem for them and they did not hide it from their customers. Our appetizer took 25 minutes to come out and, because of all the people, our main course just never came.  We waited for over an hour AFTER the appetizer came out.  It was frustrating to say the least, especially since every one that was seated after us already had their meal. We opted to leave, we were told it was still going to be a "while longer" so we decided it wasn't worth it and left.

I am really disappointed.  I was so excited to have a Thai place in the neighborhood.  Hopefully, with some time they will get into the flow of things. Until then, I'm steering clear.
Circles is an americanized Thai place, I had two of their salads, items which I've eaten hundreds of times at other thai places, the salads were basically served quzinos style that is, traditional american salads with some signature crap unceremoniously dumped on top of them. The steak on the steak salad was the thinnest cheezesteak steak, not marinaded, dry and horrible. The service was ok, they have a lot of people there but they did not seem like they would know good thai food if they stepped in it. This is obviously a well run place that caters to an american audience it is good only that so many places in NoLibs are bad.
The other thai place in liberties walk is more traditional and has better food.
We stopped by the actual restaurant during the 2016 2nd Street Festival. They had a stand out front selling the typical, fried foods but were still open for full service inside. 

A+ on the building's soundproofing, despite the massive crush of people and live music outside, the inside of Circles was a cool, calm oasis. It's a fairly small restaurant but we had the entire place to ourselves and the decor is subtle and understated without cluttering the premises. 

We ordered the grilled calamari salad, chicken cashew stir fry, and thai iced tea. The salad was really big, definitely enough to standalone as an entree dish. They give you an option of choosing the spice level on the salad since they drizzle it in type of chili vinaigrette. 

I loved the chicken cashew stir fry. I usually try to order things that I can't make for myself at home but the chicken cashew stir fry was absolutely delicious and I don't regret getting it. The vegetables tasted crisp and fresh and it wasn't drowning in oil or sauce. They had a lot of whole cashew nuts mixed in and I devoured the entire thing with my free side of brown rice. 

The only slight drawback to the experience was how the Thai iced tea had a thick layer of sugar granules at the bottom of the glass. They disappeared with a few minutes of vigorous stirring but it wasn't a pleasant first sip.

We had such a lovely relaxing lunch and weren't rushed out at all. When we leisurely wrapped up our check and got ready to leave, we walked into a literal wall of noise from the outside crowd. The contrast between the hot, crowded outdoors and the cool, serene Circles made a lasting impression in my mind and I'm already wishing I could go back.
Came here on Saturday night at about 9:30 pm so I was surprised they still took us when they close at 10 pm. Very cozy intimate type of atmosphere since its small and had dim lights. Friend and I got the calamari, pad thai duck, duck curry which was one level of spice. 

Calamari was normal nothing fancy. The pad thai duck was good, the duck was braised and very flavorful. Pad thai has a lot of flavors in general and the braised duck made it pop even more. Friend got the duck curry, one level spice, which I thought was pretty spicy already! The duck on his plate was very good, crispy skin and tender meat. The curry had a lot of coconut flavor which pair well with white rice. Overall, staff was attentive to us and fill our water often. We closed the restaurant, they never rushed us out which was nice since we ended up leaving close to 10:45 pm.
I ordered delivery from Circles last night and it took AN HOUR AND FORTY FIVE MINUTES for my food to arrive, and when it did most of it was cold and needed to be reheated. I called after an hour and ten minutes, then they said they were waiting on one last item before my food left the restaurant. I was irritated at this point and asked the manager for a discount- he gave me 10% off and took away the delivery charge. Then they called me ten minutes after and said there was a problem with my soup and they had to remake it. I seriously thought they were kidding. At that point, I asked for more of a discount as I thought it was completely unreasonable to have to wait an hour and forty five minutes. The manager said there was nothing more he could do. I thought it was outrageous. If you can't deliver food within an hour, DON'T promise your customers you can. 

Not gonna lie, those crab rangoons were phenomenal though.
We were pretty disappointed.  There's a lot of good Thai restaurants in Philly but we weren't impressed.  Found it bland, unauthentic, and heavy.  Were looking forward to having a Thai place in the neighborhood, but will continue to make the short trip to Chinatown for now.
This restaurant is one of my favorite go to BYOB places!  The thai food is authentic, tasty, and has reasonable portion sizes.  I came here multiple times and tried many dishes, some were average but some were really good.  I recommend the red or green curry, pad bamee, pad see ew, and crispy duck with tamarind sauce! 

In addition to that, the decor of the restaurant is very nice and great for date night.  The customer service is always on point and staff makes sure all the food is adjusted to your taste and not too spicy.  One huge winning factor for me was that this BYOB restaurant uses nicer wine glasses than any usual byob place.  

Highly recommend giving this place a try!
I was here last night with my two friends and had an amazing dinner. The service was great. Our waiter Dave was a awesome and made some great recommendations. He was right on when he described the spice level of the dishes (a pet peeve I have with so many other Asian restaurants). I like it very spicy but still want it to be edible. Their spicy levels are mild, medium, hot or thai hot. I did the tofu yellow curry with a spicy level of hot and it was perfect. The sauce was delicious and they give you a very nice quantity of food. I had leftovers but it was so good that the leftovers didn't even make it to today as I finished them off last night. Circles cooks the tofu just right and it has the perfect texture. My friends ordered the red curry with chicken and medium heat and the massaman curry with tofu and medium heat. They were also very good, I've had the pumpkin curry and the green curry in the past and loved them. They are all so good and different that I cannot decide what I like most. Appetizers are also very good from this place. 

The food is always super fresh and comes out hot. 

Just a warning- the hot is hot and will make your nose run so if you are on a first date, keep this in mind so you don't have snot dripping down your face. My nose always runs from spicy foods despite my tastebud's love for them. Even the medium spicy level could clear up my sinuses. I made the mistake of forgetting tissues and didn't want to be wiping my nose on their nice cloth napkins. But they do keep nice soft paper towels in the bathroom that I used for my dripping nose.

The decor is really nice and it isn't overly loud like many other small restaurants. I love that it is byob and they accept credit card. And the place is very clean. I always take a peak in the kitchen when I go to the bathroom and it is a very clean kitchen. Bathrooms are also very nice. 

Circles is by far the best Thai in the Philadelphia/ South Jersey area. And this is one of my favorite restaurants in the City.
I just left Circles and I could not be more disappointed. We were seated and 15 minutes later got up and walked out. Not once in that 15 minutes were we greeted, poured a glass of water, or even approached by a waiter or waitress. I have only had one other experience with circles - I ordered online and they "forgot" to deliver the order. I was given a $25 gift card at that time for the mess up which is why I tried to go there for dinner. I will not be going back or ordering from them again. Terrible service and experience.
I ordered pad thai and summer rolls... Basic right? Delivery took an hour and a half, and then it wasnt even good. The summer rolls were literally filled with some plain cabbage and a few basil leaves. And the pad thai was totally dry and almost powdery feeling in my mouth? Ugh not good.
