Beer, Burgers, and Bavarian Pretzels ... it's City Tap House.

A small group of us bounced in for dinner and were immediately seated with a round of draft beers right behind. The service wasn't outstanding, but the beers were cold. 

We split a huge Bavarian Pretzel coated in big rocks of salt. It looked amazing ... and wasn't. The sauce didn't help much. When we left at the end of the night, there was still about a 1/3 of it ignored on the plate.

A better choice was a City Tap Burger (medium rare) with three upgrades: Smoky Bacon, Avocado, and Fried Egg. If you are considering whether or not to get the add-ons ... well, then order them because you're clearly telling yourself that you want them.

City Tap House was a mix of ok (burgers & beer) and not ok (service & pretzel). It averages out at an ok 3 stars.
Great service and good good too!

Last Monday eve i met my family for a quick bite. It was around 6pm and we were all tired and two of our party were suffering from severe jet lag. The third of our party was recovering from something a bit more serious and needed more than TLC, she requires a no salt diet. 

Believe it or not, they accommodated the dietary needs, Out server was very nice and helpful especially regarding truthful and honest descriptions of the food. She explained which could be modified for no salt and which couldn't be. She was true to her word. The burger no salt and fries no salt were both cooked as requested and were delicious! 

My jet lagged family members each ordered pizza and I thought they were delicious especially since it's not a pizza restaurant!
So I recommend the service and the food! Even on a Monday night all was perfect!
This is a great low-key, chill atmosphere to meet friends. I picked City Tap to meet my family that came to town, primarily because of location, prices and good reviews written on Yelp. City Tap House met all expectations that I had. It was packed on a friday night- thank goodness we had reservations because there would have been no available tables. They were seated to capacity on a friday night, but not too crowded that you couldn't move. The drink service to the tables was slow at first, but the waiter kept coming to our table and we never had an empty glass. The beer selection was vast, so if you enjoy beer this is a great place to go. The small bits of food we ordered were delish- tacos were excellent! One other interesting tid bit of information is that the bathrooms are co-ed. So everyone is one happy family in there! It was a good evening had by all, you should go :)
As I've proven time and again, sometimes being a slacker leads to a fuller experience. And because of my past failed attempts at remembering to review the City Tap House in Fairmount means that I'm not doing do after enjoying brunch, watching football games, eating dinner & tasty pizzas, and indulging in plenty of beer flights!

While I enjoy the University City location overall (especially when its possible to eat outside, with or without  firepit!), there's also just something about its interior that has it failing to hit the mark of full perfection. But while the Fairmount location may be lacking in outdoor seating by comparison, its interior dominates with a with ample seating options with endless possibilities, a stylish bathroom, and one of the largest selection of TVs in any city bar, making it the perfect spot to watch any sporting event!

With 30+ rotating drafts, and 60+ bottles and cans, the Tap House is a tried and true beer heaven that has something for everyone whether their regular Budweiser drinker, or someone who hunts out the rarest imperial coffee stout of the month. And a not so regular beer snob like me has been abale to enjoy the best from The Bruery, Graft Ciders, Free Will, Founders, and then some!

Chuck a dart at their menu and its guaranteed to land on a good choice. But for the meat lover brunch doesn't get much better than the Brewer's Breakfast with two eggs any style, potatoes, smoky BACON, kielbasa, broiled tomato, and a buttermilk biscuit. Dinner has plenty of solid deals like Taco Monday and Chicken & Waffles Tuesday. But their mussels and wood fired pizzas are always a good bet. Especially if you grab the Tartufo pizza with mozzarella, fontina, taleggio, wild mushrooms, truffles, and a sunnyside egg!
I've been to CTH several times, but my experience on Saturday night was one for the books and definitely worthy of five stars. My friend was back in her hometown for a visit and we wanted to go somewhere with a lively atmosphere to watch the March Madness games and grab a bite. 

We walked in around 7:30 and the bar was predictably packed. Worse, the hostess told us that all of their tables were committed to reservations. But then she pointed out an open bar stool at the end of the smaller satellite bar, and she said she might be able to wrangle up a second stool for us, if we didn't mind squeezing a bit. We went over to stand by the bar and the hostess returned moments later with a second bar stool. Win! 

Our bartender Erica was amazing - with an extensive knowledge of the beer list, super friendly attitude and uncanny ability to top off waters before we ever had to ask. I was pumped to discover a beer that I absolutely loved because of her recommendation - Captain Lawrence 6th Borough Pils. It was light and just the right amount of hoppy but didn't leave me feeling weighed down like so many craft beers tend to do. I had several. 

My friend and I shared the corn and crab hushpuppies to start, which were great. My friend had the burger, which she claimed was cooked perfectly to her request (medium rare). The fries that came with were hot and crispy and everything french fries should be. I had the salumi pizza which was spicy, saucy and delicious. The second half came in handy later that night back in my kitchen. 

I was expecting a fun evening but I have to say my expectations were exceeded. I'll definitely be thinking of City Tap House next time I want to get out for a game.
After a long car ride down to Philly, all I wanted was a beer and some wings. City Tap House had everything I wanted, and more.

First off, the beer list is comprehensive. They claim it's the best in Philly, and I can believe it. They've got any style you could possibly want, and I love that they separate it by style so I can head straight for the stouts and porters. 

Secondly, their wings are ten-spice. Ten-spice wings are obviously better than wings with a measly 1-9 spices involved in the preparation, AND they were big and juicy to boot. I only wish they were a bit crispier, and that my buddy didn't order two orders of them joints, because it spoiled the rest of our dinner. 

Since we were so full of wings and spices, we were only able to share the hush puppies (excellent), the Tartufo pizza (solid), the crab mac and cheese (it's mac and cheese, so...awesome), the Pancho mussels (love that chorizo), and my favorite, the Berkshire pork arancini (no way they could be bad).

I mean, what kind of miserly meal is that? Just joking with you, it was wonderful and plenty of food.

Two Warnings:

1. On a Friday night, this place is packed and loud. It feels like half of this cute little city comes here after work to blow off steam.

2. The large table by the door is directly under the air conditioning, and freezing. You should probably order some more wings to add on an extra layer of fat for the evening.
Quick: When was the last time you sank your teeth into a crispy brown, yet moist buttermilk-fried chicken? And when you did, was it served with a warm, soft and fluffy Belgian waffle? Honey-thyme butter, red pepper jam, and- of course maple syrup, on the side, for more dipping pleasure?

Well, the chicken & waffles is a classic for a reason- a delicious treat that's sweet and savory, soft and crunchy, and boy, maple and... chicken. Give it a little nod, and top it off with a Beermosa.

I've been here at least three time. I was satisfied each time.

I will keep coming back for more...

Four solid yelps
City Tap House knows how to satisfy customers and they've done it again with their second beautiful location!  I've been to the UC location many many times as a solo beer drinker, with the lovely wife for multiple dinners, and with larger groups.  I know these folks so I had EXPECTATIONS and I'm delighted to say they easily met them!

We were at a private party last night and decided to take the celebration to CTH for appetizers and drinks. What an amazing experience. Almost immediately a manager acknowledged us from our UC visits.  A few minutes later a second manager acknowledged us from Yelps 10th Anniversary Bash.  When you revisit a restaurant, there is nothing better than to be remembered.  Kudos to management!

The atmosphere here is bustling.  We found the noise level significant but it's the sound of happy folks quaffing beers and enjoying good casual food.

We ordered two appetizers this night.  The first was a CHEESE & CHARCUTERIE board.  We choose two cheeses and one meat for $16.  It arrived beautifully presented with lots of intriguing accompaniments.  Everything was fresh and tasty.

We also ordered the KOREAN SHORT RIB TACOS.  These three tasty morsels included pickled cabbage slaw, cilantro, and chili sauce for $12.  They were OMG delicious with a nice spicy chili kick.  We would order these again in a heartbeat!

Throughout our light meal our waitress was wonderful and combined with managers checking on us we found the customer service to be excellent.

Now we are faced with a serious problem.  The lovely wife and I will need to decide which location to visit when we want a great casual meal!  It's a problem we'll happily deal with.
City Tap House is an establishment that needs to be visited, whether it be on Walnut St. in University City or at this location.Where else will you find an attentive staff with a bar tending crew that will keep the glasses full? I know of few places out there, and now I can add City Tap House to the list.  What also helps me say this is 2 of their bartenders Jamie and Chris make a great bar-tending duo. 

City Tap House also has a pretty descent menu for any and all to peruse, in case one needed to fill avoid, or satisfy ones thirst. I personally can appreciate an establishment that will have a rotating draft list , instead of the same old ones being served all the time. Impressive drafts along with top shelf liquors being served in case you wanted a well concocted cocktail.

So lets see what we have here at the Logan Sq. location.

~A staff that will make sure you are fully accommodated? Check.
~ Plenty of TVs' for those sporting events? Check.
~ Pretty damn good food being served and a happy hour like no other? Check.
~ Convenience of this location; easily accessible?  Check.

Well looks like this is a spot that needs to be frequented by all in my opinion. Review over. Short, sweet and complete, now go in and enjoy yourself ladies and gentlemen.

I am Nando and I approve this message.
We had just arrived in town after our six hour drive from Connecticut, and had lunch here. We had a wedding to attend in the evening, and expected a lot of food there, so we wanted a light lunch close to our hotel.  City Tap House fit the bill nicely.

We passed on alcohol, but one very cool thing I saw on their big beer list was a 4 ounce draft option for just $3. That was different and gave you the chance to build your own flight.

City Tap House is enormous! It's basically a gigantic open rectangle with a bar and big TV screen on one wall. We were seated in a booth on the opposite wall of the bar, right by a door that led into the inside of an office complex. Whenever someone walked into CTH from that door, we felt a blast of air and a "THUD" that rocked our booth when the door closed. That booth should be the last one given to customers, unless they enjoy being in a car crash simulator,

We ordered a salad and a mussel dish. The $12 Shaved Apple & Gouda Salad (arugula, sharp gouda, apples, candied pecans, cider vinaigrette) was a generous portion and looked and tasted great.

I love mussels, and saw four different flavor options, all for $15. I also love Panang Curry, so chose their Panang Mussels version over Pancho (cantimpalo chorizo, tomatoes, poblano peppers, garlic), Abigail (roasted garlic butter, leeks, belgian ale broth), and Loretta (bacon, leeks, cajun spice, brown ale broth, blue cheese).

The menu description said the Panang Mussels were served in a "spicy coconut broth with peanuts and cilantro". What the menu didn't say was just how delicious this dish was. The mussels were tender and perfectly cooked, and that broth was amazing. 

It was served with two big slabs of toast, but annoyingly, it wasn't served with a soup spoon for the broth. I've ordered mussels plenty of times, and I honestly don't think I ever had to ask for a soup spoon for a dish that should automatically include one.

Service could have been better on the pleasantness scale and the check-back scale.

Value was pretty good -$29 for a no booze lunch in a very nice location in a big city tourist zone.
The service at this City Tap House is seriously sub-par.

Came here during off-peak hours and it took FOREVER to get our drinks. Our waitress let us know that one of the kegs was tapped, but walked away before we could order something as a replacement. We had a few appetizers and they were okay, but overpriced in my opinion.

This place still draws the type of crowd that the old Public House establishment did, so if you're not a 20-something in law school or living at the expense of your parents, then you may feel out of place here.

One upside - the bathrooms. They were definitely my favorite part of the visit.
I'm a huge CTH University City fan, so I was excited to give this spot a try.  Having recently dined at the UC location I was also excited that their menu has different stuff!I ordered the crab and corn hush puppies for an app and they were delicious little morsels. For dinner I had mushroom risotto which was very well done. Everything I've ever had here has been delicious. The beer list is fabulous and they have a solid wine selection as well if you're looking to class it up a bit. Service was great also, our waitress Ashley was a sweetie! 
I've never been at this location whilst under previous management, but I hear it had a douchey frat boy vibe. Well friends there are no douchey vibes at all anymore, so if you haven't been here in a while give it another try!
Yelp first led me to CTH's UC location back in '13 for the Elite Event when I -- a non-beer drinker at the time -- hesitantly tried a ShockTop Pumpkin and decided I *liked* it. A little over a year later, I headed in here for the first time...also thanks to a Yelp event.

And I haven't stopped. This place is just awesome. Except for that time when I opened the door right as they were ringing the keg-kicked bell for Heady back in March. That was terrible timing.

But.. anyway.

This is a fantastic place to drink alone. It's also a fantastic place to drink with other people. It's all around a fantastic place to drink good beer. They have a large split screen with a bunch of sports games, if you like that kind of thing. Bartenders are overall very nice.

Food is also good too but I mostly just stop in for the beer.
Loooooved this place.

Had one of the best fried chicken sandwiches ever. It had arugula, brie cheese, and some kind of honey glaze sauce thing that was just so amazing. The fries were also great and they gave you a ton! 

We sat at the bar and had some beers while we ate. They have a great selection, and Philly makes some yummy beer! The bartenders were super friendly, it was around late lunch/dinner time and not too busy. We walked here from the Franklin Institute, it was maybe a 5 minute walk, not bad at all! Then we walked back to our Airbnb, which was only about a 25 minute walk. Uber was available but we wanted to get a feel of everything! 

I definitely recommend eating here or at least coming for a beer! It's very spacious and it's a relaxing atmosphere. Wouldn't wear sweatpants, but could get away with jeans and a nice top!
Review #100 and I'm glad it's 5 stars!!!  My wife and I took a trip to Philly this past weekend and I had this place bookmarked to try.. after a short walk from our hotel, we found this place.  Personally, I think it's a great find!!  As soon as you walk in, you feel right at home.  Not too dark, not too bright..  They have a very large bar and lots of TVs to keep you entertained.  We found two seats at the bar and were greeted pretty quick.  Before we ordered anything, the bartender served us ice water..  Nice touch without having to ask for it...  They have a very nice selection of beer on tap.  I ordered the Yards Brawler and my wife the Breckenridge Christmas Ale and they were very tasty!  We didn't order any food, but the place was full of people eating and their menu looked really good, so we'll try the food on our next trip.  I also got the feeling that this is a hangout during Eagles games.  

Bottom line:  Great find, good beer, fast and courteous service.  It's worth the walk or cab ride to come here.  My wife and I will most certainly be back. 

P.S., the pic of the various doors are the bathroom stalls.  Their bathroom is certainly original in its set up lol
So many taps, so much to try! The beer list at City Tap House is extensive. The draft list is also conveniently sorted by type of beer. 

I was planning on trying smaller sizes of several beers, however I learned that the smaller sizes were quite tiny. I ended up going for the regular size beers, which were served in the tulip glasses due to their 
ABV. 

As an IPA lover, I was quite hoppy and happy. Throughout my visit I ended up with Firestone Walker Wookey Jack, Lagunitas A Little Sumpin' Wild Ale, Victory's DirtWolf and Stone's Double Bastard Ale. Not all of the beers on their menu were in stock, and their website isn't up-to-date. As long as you don't have your heart set on one particular beer, you will find something you will enjoy. 

During my visit, I had to try the Honey Goat Cheese Flatbread. Between the positive Yelp reviews and my love of goat cheese, it was a no-brainer pick. The portion was large and totally enough food for lunch. The ingredients in the flatbread seemed fresh and it was really tasty. 

My group sat at the bar to catch the Sunday football games. The TV set up is remarkable. It consists of two-large screens and a few smaller screens below. There were enough screens for most of the 1pm games. The problem was that they didn't turn the sound on for the games. It's a cool place to look at the TVs but not ideally for listening. I had a good experience overall, but wouldn't recommend City Tap House as a sports bar. 

The bathrooms were surprisingly awesome. It's a unisex set-up with many co-ed stalls and sinks. The awesome part was the décor. Everything was shades of brown and the sinks were very modern. They also had an amazing smelling soap. What a change from the old Public House restrooms! 

I enjoyed the food and the massive beer selection. While not the perfect place for watching a sports game, I certainly will go back for their other offerings.
I must say that I am a fan considering I came back the morning after already having dinner there. To sum up both visits, I had the ten spice wings with house blue dressing (they don't have ranch, gasp), corn and crab hushpuppies with citrus remoulade and honey-thyme butter, and the veggie burger (wild rice, black bean & beet patty, aged cheddar, dijonnaisse, roasted tomato, alfalfa sprouts, hand cut fries). 

The food was really good, especially the veggie burger. Every once and awhile, you run across a restaurant that really knows how to cook a veggie burger right. City Tap is one of those places.

To drink, I had the Garfunkel - a mix of tequila, allagash white, lemon, blueberry puree, and herbed honey. This drink is so freaking good. Trust me. Just get it. 

The servers and food runners were all great, friendly. 

I think it's a pretty good sports bar with tasty food and drinks, and I will make sure I stop in the next time I'm in town.
City Tap House has been on my bookmarked list for a little while now. I'm not often in Philadelphia and am usually booked when I am, so it was a treat to get to visit this past weekend. My hotel was right around the corner and I was coming from a visit to the Franklin Institute. The air conditioning and short distance to CTH helped make my decision for me.

We were given glasses of ice water when we sat down. I am picky about my water and wasn't really happy with this one, so I mostly stuck to beer (poor me, right?). I ordered a flight of Stone & Key Cherry Pie, Wyndridge Gin Cider, Fegley's Space Monkey Nitro, and 2SP At Her Witt's End. For food, I ordered the Hangover flatbread (country sausage gravy, cheddar, fried egg, carmelized onions, breakfast potatoes). The flatbread was pretty big -- you either need to come with an appetite or with someone who will help you eat it. I struggled to eat 3 pieces and took home the rest. 

My cousin and his girlfriend both had the Georgia Peach Waffle, which they devoured so I am guessing it was good. 

Our waitress was attentive but didn't make any sort of impression on me, which is fine. The beer list was GREAT (even had some CT beers on there!) and I would have been tempted to get another flight if we had a larger group or were going to be staying for any length of time. This was a really good experience and I will definitely be returning!
This place has a cool ambiance both outside and inside. I sat outside because the weather was really nice and the view was just of the street but it was refreshing. The inside of the restaurant is dimmed a little bit too dark for my presence. Service is good, waiters are super friendly and sweet. I got the margarita pizza and it turned out nice and I was full. The pizza I believe was reasonably priced and was shared with a total of 2 people.
Very extensive (and local) beer selection, great bartenders, gigantic main television and very good food (I had the prosciutto and fig pizza - excellent!), how can you go wrong?  I wasn't there on a game day, but it looks like this is a great place to watch football!
I had high hopes as I've been to City Tap in University City and I love the place but this was a comedy of errors, or would have been if it hadn't cost $100 for the experience. We arrived only to find they didn't have the reservation we made. Then we had to wait quite a while for our drinks, because the bar was busy. I dunno, but if you're really close to the museums and you offer a Saturday brunch, shouldn't you expect a brisk business at Saturday around noon?

Then we finally got our drinks and ordered. My friend inquired about the chicken and waffles to see if the chicken was on the bone or not, and since it was, ordered the hash instead. I ordered the crab benedict and my other friend ordered the tri tip cheese steak. When food was delivered, my eggs in the benedict were virtually hard boiled, the tri tip came bereft of cheese and despite having ordered hash, it was the chicken and waffles arrived. 

While they did correct the steak and hash, by the time they did, we weren't eating together.  Then the waitress promised to remove one of the dishes from the bill, but that didn't happen either. 

If this was their first week open, I'd chalk it up to learning curve, but if they're really positioning themselves as a great place for brunch/lunch and want to capitalize on the busy footfall of museum visitors, then they'll need to up their game. Tourists may not remember one inept dining experience, but as a resident, I'll not soon forget it.
This is a busy bar and restaurant right on Logan Square in Philadelphia.  Three of us, business associates, were seated promptly about 430 pm for drinks and an early supper.  The table red wine was okay but not great.  However, the food was above average for this type of venue and the service was also prompt and friendly.  

They were out of the grilled Nashville Hot Cauliflower that  I would have ordered for a starter so I went with one of the four presentations of mussels--the Pancho version (see menu link below)-- that serve as an alternative to soup.  This was outstanding.  The serving could have been a meal in itself.     

I thought about pizza but th4y don't offer wheat bread pizzas, although they do present a gluten free one.  IMHO, a restaurant of this caliber in this location should offer something besides processed flour bread bases.  

I eventually went for the shrimp and grits.  This meal was surprisingly (to me,coming from the South) tasty.    Once again, it was an ample portion.  

I'll come back again to try other things on the menu:  https://www.citytap.com/menus/#dinner-4

There is no streetside parking at this time of day, so you either walk or take a taxi or uber/lyft.   My hotel was across the street, so it was no problem getting to and fro.
A great place for happy hour and hanging at the bar for sports. Lots of tables for seating and a small but diverse menu. Veggie burger was huge and steaming hot and fresh. City tap burger and pulled pork was also really good. Our fries were all cold but still flavorful.

Biggest downfall was our horrible server. She avoided our table all night. Noticed her stop at every one of her tables and walk right past our table without glancing at us when we obviously were waving for attention. She also looked miserable, no smile or eye contact and mumbling. We felt like a burden and her attitude was a damper. Her name was Sara(h).
This location has rotated names without major changes to the decor quite often.  On my 1st trip in to CTP Logan Square, I was unimpressed given its similarities to its last incarnation (Public House).  However, given how much I enjoy CTP in U City, I realize  they were worth trying again.

CTP knows customer service and it is a big step up from PH.  You can get to the bar and get a drink without having to 'know someone' or do something ridiculous.  If you get a table, service is good and you aren't given the guilt trip type attitude if you take your time to order and eat.

There is plenty of seating, so you can typically grab a spot, but can still maneuver when there isn't seats available. The beer selection is great, just like the U City location and the food is solid.  Overall, worth checking out, especially if you are a CTP fan!
This sort of place is right up my alley...casual dining experience with a vast selection of local craft brews and a simple yet enticing menu.  Large open space with plenty of room for all different party sizes and a long bar for watching sports but not with a sports bar feel.  

We had a party of six when we stopped in after exploring the Franklin Institute and got a table right away on a Saturday at noon.  While it took, in my opinion, way too long to get our drink orders, the food did come in a timely fashion.  We actually got apps before our drinks...

Entrees were very satisfying, with selections ranging from Avocado Toast, to pizza and salads.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and experience here.  I'm not a huge city person so I really enjoy places like this where you can sneak inside and get away from the hustle and bustle for a couple hours.
This place has great beer but that is completely overshadowed by the TERRIBLE service. Yes, it was a busy Saturday afternoon, but we waited over 20minutes for a server to even acknowledge us at the bar. And we were not allowed to be seated at a table because it was too close to their dinner reservations (it was 3:30pm). 

What blows my mind is that a flight of 4 4oz beers cost $15 dollars whereas if you were to buy those same sized beers individually, they would be $3 each (so a total of $12). So it's an extra $3 to be served on a fancy board? How does that make sense?? That's the definition of a rip off. 

Definitely will not be returning to this place.
I visited City Tap House for a snack and drinks on a Sunday night and I was so turned off by the honesty of our server. My boyfriend and I told the waiter we wanted to order the nachos and the tacos. The waiter asked if we wanted to add another taco to our order and while the waiter was standing there I said, I was not very hungry but it was up to my boyfriend. The waiter continued to say the taco order was small and we should definitively add the other taco to our order. The food arrived and the nacho plate was huge - we could have shared this plate without ordering the tacos. I was completely turned off that our waiter didn't step in and warn us the plate of chips was so large. We left almost the whole plate untouched - what a waste of food and money. The waiter didn't apologize but said that the kitchen just gave us a lot of meat on our nacho order - problem is, the waiter didn't acknowledge the actual issue. He should have warned us the nachos were large enough to share for 2-4 people and we didn't need the taco order. After he realized we were upset by the situation, he didn't charge us for the extra taco ($4). Truthfully, the waiter should not have charged us for the plate of nachos or the whole plate of tacos. We would not have ordered all of this food if we knew it was going to waste. I even said I was not very hungry and the waiter failed to provide accurate information about the dishes.

Other than that, food was decent bar food. Nothing to write home about. This would be a great place to watch a sports game but the poor experience I had here would make me never want to visit this business again. Let's hope this waiter learned his lesson. Don't omit the truth to your customers.
City Tap house is spacious with a lot of available seating space and a large bar area. They have some outdoor seating as well. The amount of beers they have on tap is great, including some ciders and sour beers. The service was good and the restaurant was clean. The bathrooms are interesting. Somewhat gender neutral, with a shared area for hand washing. Again, clean and spacious. 

For our meal we ordered the hush puppies, mussels, and a pizza. All of the food came out at similar times. The hush puppies were great! That was my favorite part of the meal. The mussels were fresh tasting and flavorful. The pizza was cold by the time we got to it and the toppings were not very evenly dispersed, but the flavor was good. We would definitely come back here. It's in a great location and has a lot to offer.
Great bar for watching the game or just hanging out. There are some pretty large tvs as well as a lot of space. Great for a big group or a small table. It does get loud but it's a fun bar. The music is good with a variety of genres playing. Went on a Friday night and it wasn't too crowded.  Was able to get a booth pretty easily. 

Would def go back.
Went in on a Saturday for brunch. Ordered breakfast burrito and the big chick: chicken and biscuit with sausage gravy. Both meals were made well. chef gave me a stingy coat of gravy, but I asked for more and they brought a small bowl of hot sausage gravy. After that all was well with the world. I also ordered fresh orange juice and vodka, but I think my drink was mostly water with a splash of orange juice and splash of vodka.
Good place to watch a game and sip some beers!!! Stopped by for team lunch and had a variety - chicken sandwich, mushroom pizza, hummus wrap, arugula salad. Good portion size and good food. Service is nice too. Gets really busy during lunch. Recommend making reservation.
Have been here before for lunch and happy hour but this past Friday I was here for the March Madness games- deserves a definite shout out. 

Our servers were on point! Came back to fast with cocktails, constantly on top of it. We mainly order bar snacks, pretzel, nachos, burgers and fries - I can speak to them (other than the fries) but everyone I was said everything was awesome and it all looked good!

This is an IDEAL sports bar- nice, quality set up, good food, good drinks and ample TV's. Will continue to return!
This review is only for the service we received here. We went on a family trip to Philadelphia and came here for dinner one night. We had a party of 10 and when we walked in they said they would try to figure something out for us. I assume it was the manager who walked up, I told her if they'd like to split us into 2 tables we wouldn't mind a table of 4 and a table of 6. Immediately after telling her this, she snapped back and said "we know how to do basic math". Honestly, had we not been with small children and family, I would not have been so polite to this response. Everyone in our party was shocked at the attitude she gave back to a simple request of how we'd like our tables split. In the end, they put us all at one table. The food was good except one plate came out cold, and the Blue Crab Mac and cheese had parts of the crab shell left in it. 

One piece of advice to management: do not treat people differently because of your own personal bias or prejudice. Every person that was of any color whether hispanic or black was seated in the corners of this establishment. And the treatment we received from this woman was honestly disgusting. I am not hispanic or black, but the way she reacted to the presence of some of my family members, it was clear how this woman felt.

Our party ended up ordering food and drinks, and a generous tip was left for our servers. As they saw we are one of the easiest parties to serve because we make it easy. If we had received the respect we deserved as human beings maybe our experience would not have been so bitter here. We will not return and we will also recommend to anyone we know to not step foot in this place because of how it is managed.
I've been here several times - for lunch, HH, dinner, and brunch - and have enjoyed my experiences every single time. I much prefer this location over the one in University City - it's more spacious, cleaner, and looks prettier. It's conveniently located two blocks from my office, on the way home. Very convenient. They obviously had me in mind when choosing to open at this location. The staff is very friendly and I have never encountered any service issues here, no matter what time I came in. 

I've also enjoyed every single menu item I've tried here, unlike at the UC location. The open-faced blue crab melt is a very solid choice for lunch. They did not skimp on the blue crab over warm, toasted crusty bread. The mezze plate is a great shareable option for Happy Hour and went very well with my glass of chardonnay. 

The chicken & waffles are definitely a must for brunch. I have not had better chicken & waffles anywhere else in Philly. I felt like I wasted my life's allotment of chicken & waffles everywhere else I've had them. The fried chicken is so tender and flavorful, and the Belgian style waffles have the perfect texture. They are perfect with the honey thyme butter and syrup. 

The steak and eggs are also a solid choice for brunch. The dish consists of very tender and flavorful skirt steak, topped with paprika hollandaise and caramelized onions, 2 eggs made your way, and a side of breakfast potatoes. I did not care too much for the potatoes, but everything else on the plate was delicious. There are many tasty-sounding brunch options I want to try, so I will definitely be back.
Definitely one of the better "sports bars" I've been to.  Came her for a Sunday night Eagles game with a bunch of friends.  We were able to make a reservation ahead of time which was nice because getting into bars to watch the game can be crazy some times.

They had a great selection of beers & cocktails - my favorite cocktail was the cucumber crusher - wasn't too sweet - tasted just right.  I ordered the pretzel & it was SO GOOD!!! Soft & doughy on the inside & crunchy on the outside.  

The only bad thing that happened was that I had also ordered a plate of wings.  20 minutes went by and other people got their food at the table but I didn't get my wings - turned out that our waiter forgot about them.  I was a little annoyed by that since she didn't comp me for anything.

They also wont split bills!! Annoying for a big group - but I guess its policy.
Just a quick in and out at this fun spot.  We sat at the bar and ordered the honey and goat cheese pizza.  OMG!!! Delicious! We each had a drink and we were off to our next destination.   Service was great and prices reasonable so I would definitely consider coming back.
I like that City Tap House has expanded from its West Philly location to a new Center City one. We came here around the time that it first opened and of course were really happy with the amazing beer selection here. I also had a chance to enjoy the mussels, and they were great. I'm happy that the food quality is high, because it is sure to keep people coming back! My only complaint is that it gets unbelievably crowded here, simply due to the location. It is right nearby several enormous office buildings, so during happy hour, it is wall to wall with business casual people. Nothing you can do about it!
40 taps? Yes please. This time Tap House is serving up more than just beers on tap, but wine too! I can't wait to try some new wines I wouldn't normally try if I'd have to buy the whole bottle.

The decor of this place has my kind of vibe. It has a much cozier vibe than Public House had. The lighting is very warm with unique hanging lamps above the booths.

It was hard to choose just a few things off of the menu for me and my friends to share (as we always do when we go out). We obviously had to split the crab mac and cheese to start. It had more crab than I expected and there was a panko crust on top to add some extra texture.

Next we had the ham and mushroom flatbread. It was hard to stray from my favorite honey and goat cheese pizza I used to get at the Tap House in UCity, but I'm glad I did because it was delicious. The arugula topping added a nice crisp freshness to it.

For main course I had the seared tuna. It was seasoned and seared on the outside, and rare on the inside. I will definitely be getting this again next time I come back! 

Last but not least, the Tap House opening staff was delightful. Our glasses were always full and dirty plates didn't sit at our table for longer than a minute. 

I can't wait to come back to try the food I didn't get to try the first time around!
I was invited to a get together of college friends from days long past being held at the Logan Square City Tap House. 

Until that invite, I wasn't even aware there was a second location as I was very familiar with the 37th street location and had been there many times. I knew the Logan Square location would be great if anything like the mothership. 

Located right next door to the Logan Hotel (formally the Four Seasons), there's a garage located behind the restaurant on the same block. Winning! 
Chalk one up for Logan City tap House for easier parking. 

We had a reserved section to the right of the host stand. It was spacious with tables and even about 5 bar stools. I realized I had been in this space before as it was once home to Dock Street Brewing. The CTH does a fine job keeping the beer flame flying high as they have an extensive list of choices on tap and in bottle.

The makers old fashioned' my lady and I enjoyed were excellent. 

The restaurant is huge. There are televisions everywhere, allowing us to watch the fighting Phils beat the Atlanta tomahawk choppers. It has a lively, energetic and fun vibe. All toilets are unisex and private with shared sinks. Here we all can get along. 

Our waitress was on point the whole night, definitely a pro. Also a shout out to the GM who stopped by to see that everything was going well. 

The food choices that our host made were excellent. 

I particularly enjoyed the chopped salad, the pork tacos, the crab balls and the margarita pizza. As bar food goes, this was very good.

It was a great night. We definitely will be back.
Great place for a casual dinner with friends. Huge bar/beer selection. You can reserve a table via Resy. Their wings are pretty good as well as their mac & cheese, for which you can add meat! They were closed for a while during COVID, so thankfully they are reopened.

Rating: 6/10
I was actually in awe of how great the Sunday brunch/football scene was at City Tap House. There wasn't a bad seat to be found in terms of watching the Eagles game as there were TVs on just about every wall with full sound throughout the restaurant.

Some of our menu choices and ratings below:

-Brussel Sprouts 10/10 (amazing)
-Goat Cheese & Margherita Flatbreads 10/10 (great flavor!)
-Wings 9/10 (crispy!)
-Cornbread 1/10 (only disappointment, super burnt)
-Veggie burger 9/10 (so fresh and yummy!)
-Benedict 9/10 (the pork belly was to die for)
-Chicken & Waffles 10/10 (HUGE portions)
-Tap House Omellette 9/10 (fluffy + talleggio cheese was great)
-Brewers Breakfast 10/10
-Beer selection 10/10
-Service 8/10

This is a great place to watch football and/or enjoy a great meal with any size group!
Something for everyone.  The staff were amazing by not only providing great service but also making excellent recommendations.  TVs were a bonus to watch the game.   We will be back when we visit Philly again.  The kids enjoyed the pizza and the avocado grapefruit salad was delicious.
I've been here a few times and even though I have found the food to fall a little short for me, they definitely make up for in their beer selection and service.

The recently renovated space is still very large.  They have what feels like 3 bars in the main area so even if there is a private party going on (from what I've seen their frequently is) it doesn't seem to affect the other bars.  The drink prices are in line with what you'd expect in Center City but the selection is nice.  It seems like they are doing tap takeovers frequently.  It's a very nice feature to have a fresh tap list each week and CTHLG is doing just that.

I've sample the pizza, chicken satay, nachos, wings and the hummus.  The wings are my favorite of the bunch for their flavor and the cook on them.  A beer and an order of those do just fine as a meal for me.

I happen to work very close to here so many of our happy hours tend to be planned for this location.  I think they're doing a pretty solid job and I'm glad we've got another good beer spot close to the office.
I had ordered the shrimp and grits which were amazing. Never had shrimp and grits before and they were exceptional. The flavor of the shrimp and grits were a perfect match you can really taste the cheddar in the grits which is amazing. The pizza was good to it had vodka sauce on it it was like pasta pizza. Which was pretty amazing in its self. The wine was great as well and service was good in Philadelphia for business and would come back.
This place is massive. And yet, when I came here with a party of four on a Saturday night around 7pm and was told it would be a 90 minute wait.

So we made a reservation and came back on a Thursday, instead.

Tons of beer and tons of great food. I definitely recommend the short rib tacos, even though they're a tad unfairly priced at $12 for 3 tiny tacos. Really flavorful.

Wings and mussels are solid choices too. But this place ain't cheap and there aren't many happy hour deals. Zack and I spent about $80 here on a weeknight without trying very hard. Watch out for it.
It's a good place to hangout after work. Like way nicer than Pagano's for sips. Much more civilized. 

The have a goofy menu, with a lot of options. I was really in a mood for a burger, which was actually very good. 

Nothing disappointed, but there was also nothing to draw me back again really.
It's funny how it all comes down to one guy. 

I was here for a few hours, decided I should bring something home to go. I had a train about 20 minutes later. No problem, right? So I order something that takes normally about 10 minutes. 

I order it. Wait. Drink with friends. Say goodbye. 15 minutes pass. I go to the bartender I placed my order with. He says he'll check up on it and I follow him. He says "It'll be right out".

There is a window where we can see what the chefs are doing. I mention to this chef "Is that the Margherita to go?" "I'm working on it!" he replies with attitude as he goes to slowly (AND I MEAN SLOWLY) peel prosciutto from the wax paper. Oops, drops one. Ooops, drops two. Still takes his time

"I'll take it without the basil leaves"

"Ugh, fine"

He walks to the back of the kitchen. A couple minutes pass. Train leaves in about 2 minutes. I can still make it if he wraps it up.

He brings forward a bag of arugula and begins making a salad. "I'll take it as is!" I insist and he finally (and at a pace that would bore a sloth) boxes it up. I miss my train. Thanks asshole.

1. He knew I was in a rush. 
2. He had the pizza ready to go immediately (without basil)
3. He takes his time, with a paying customer waiting on him, getting a completely different (second order) ready to go
4. Gives a shitload of attitude

If you see the pizza chef with finger tribal tattoos and attitude, beware. That guy is a fucking asshole. If I see him again, I'm walking right out with two choice fingers towards him. 

A shame because EVERYONE ELSE WAS PERFECT. If that guy were gone, I will gladly come back.
We had a great experience at City Tap House Logan Square. It has a great atmosphere and the food was delicious. The hamburger was one of the best ones I have had in a while. The service was great; our server was attentive and patient while we looked over the menu even though the place was packed. I will definitely be back.

The only down side was that we parked in the parking garage that is adjacent to the restaurant thinking our parking would be validated or discounted. It was not...despite being told by the restaurant that you could be given a discount when you speaking to the garage attendant, the parking garage apparently has no affiliation with the restaurant, and we ended up paying $15 for the privilege.
All I can say is this place is one of the reasons I wish I still lived in Philly. Came for a visit and make sure to stop by for brunch before I had to travel back home. The manmosas and bloody mary's were great! We also had a ton of appetizers, none of which you can go wrong with. Their tap house burger was to die for as well. The atmosphere is trendy and casual. Tons of TVs so great for football sunday. This place is a staple for me, can't wait to go back.
I love this place! I have been here multiple times: for happy hour; dinner and even booked a private event for my old job for about 50 people. All my visits there have been pretty great! 

To start with happy hour: They have pretty good happy hour specials: usually house wine and beer and certain appetizers like pretzels and finger foods. It gets crowded during SIPS but not terrible - they have enough bartenders to make sure you refill your drinks before the specials are over. They are quite generous with the wine - so I can't complain! Oh I almost forgot to mention they have a pretty good craft beer selection too. 

Moving on to dinner:  Do not leave this place without getting the Tartufo Pizza. It is absolutely fantastic! It comes with mushrooms, Sunnyside egg and truffle - it will melt in your mouth. Other items that were to die for were the corn and crab hushpuppies and the blue crab mac & cheese. 

Last but not least is the private event: The event coordinator was really friendly and helped us out a lot with the menu and customizing everything. The day of the event the staff was so friendly and everything went according to plan! I would definitely recommend them!
It was only upon writing this review that I learned that they have multiple locations in DC. However I had never been to City Tap House until my most recent trip to Philly.

I was really less than thrilled at my experience here. The pizza was just ok - although the name was fun (We got the Abe Froman) The service was pretty awful as well. I realize I'm judging on one bad experience but that one bad experience doesn't have me rushing to go back to any of the locations, even the ones nearby to me in DC.
Very nice above avergae pub.

My husband and I randomly came in here to get a bite to eat and we were very very impressed!
It's in the heart of Rittenhouse Square and walking distance to almost everything.

This place is very busy, a lot of events going on as well as nightlife. 

We ordered Ten Spice Wings, Charred Brussels Sprouts and USDA Prime Tap Burger from our awesome table person Danielle and we were very pleased. 

I would most definitely revisit this place when back in the area in the future and I highly recommend to anyone reading this.
Came in on a Friday night for dinner with friends. Even though the place was hopping, we were seated quickly and our waitress was fantastic.

There were a couple of ciders and the waitress was more than happy to give me a sample so I could decide. I had one of the flatbreads with my cider and it was delicious.

We also had a soft pretzel for the table, which was awesome... loved the dipping sauces. Perfect casual pre-race dinner with friends!
Since the 2016 St Patrick's Day is mid week, the nice people of Philly (and others) celebrated hardy the Saturday before. 
We stopped in at maximum capacity, wall to wall patrons, catching the game and enjoying the extra wine and beer tastings arranged for the holiday.  
We did make it to the bar to order 1 beer, enjoyed the high energy and packed crowd and made our way to another place we could eat sooner.  
Can't blame them for being busy around this time, I hope to go back!
Very cool place in Penn center area.
Nice place! Lots of beers on tap and good food. We came here for a business celebration and they were packed. The food was a pleasant surprise and the beers on tap were a pleasant surprise. 

We started with their Korean Short Ribs tacos, their BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos and their wings: all were spot on and excellent. Their Korean Short Rib tacos were the favorite but the wings and nachos were close behind. 

There were a lot of different choices by the people in our group: there were 14 people in our group. I had their Poke Bowl and it was amazing. I have never had a Hawaiian Poke Bowl but this one was really good.
We were looking for a cool place to watch "the game" (ah, sports) last week and the week before, and City Tap House's Center City location fit the bill just perfectly. Both times we had a bunch of beers (mmm), a bunch of wines (aah), and some small bites (yum). We're pretty wild about their cheese and meats selection, but the TEN SPICE WINGS, you guys. I really don't like wings. And I can't. Stop. Thinking. About. These. Wings.

My only real critique is that the service was slooooooow, but in terms of our taking our time to watch the game, it actually worked out perfectly. Just based on my two experiences, if you're in a hurry, you might want to give your server a heads up. They are so super kind and accommodating, I bet they would make it work for ya.
This is a hard review. If I was a meat-eater  and still drank alcohol and maybe if I was still 25 I'd give 5 stars all day. 
Let me start by saying we came in 15 min before the kitchen closed. We were greeted immediately with a smile, seated and had super friendly service. 
I ordered the classic margarita wood fires pizza. It was good. Not super great but good. The issue was really tje menu. For me personally, I could come in 3 times before having to repeat orders. There's just not many options for me. And I really wouldnt get the pizza again so now I'm down to two. Very loud between the music and crowd all clumped together at the bar but that didnt bother me too awfully much. 
Nice place, great cust service, just not for me.
Great atmosphere, clean bathrooms. Four brothers pizza was great. I do not recommend getting the peach paloma unless you enjoy a very smokey flavor in your beverages, wasn't drinkable for me. The city sling was pretty good though. The burgers don't look as big as they do in the insta photos, but still your standard tasty burger. I bet this place is a solid place to go during eagles games.
We stopped in here around 8:30 pm for a few drinks and to catch some of the football game ( (Clemson - LSU). We were able to be seated quickly without a reservation (not sure if they take reservations). There is a decent whiskey/ scotch selection and food gastro-pub food. The ahi tuna, Thai shrimp, and nachos are good table snacks.
I'm giving the Tap House a review based solely on its atmosphere and their great tap selection. Unfortunately, I've never had a chance to try much of their food (other than when I was in for a Yelp event, so I don't really count that, though what I had was good).

So yes, a nice place. The bartenders have been consistently friendly and attentive over the couple of times I've been in. Furthermore, they seem to have a good handle on what kind of beers they have on tap and can make recommendations. The bar itself is spacious, so I've never had a difficult time getting a seat. The decor is rustic and lovely and I can't help but envy all of the Edison bulbs they have as a part of their decor.

While I've never had the food, their menu has several items that sound absolutely crave-worthy including their daily supper of chicken and waffles on Tuesday, their short rib entree (though this is probably because I've never met a short rib I didn't like), their ten spice wings, and all of the mussels. I'm definitely planning to make this a stop that includes a meal next time I'm downtown.
I came here to celebrate a coworker's graduation. Everything was delicious. We ordered the lobster mac and cheese and the hush puppies for apps. We then ordered fire oven personal pizzas which were flavorful and unique. Food was prompt and service was friendly. A little pricey for a gastropub but worth it.
Busy taproom in Philly. Lots of beers on tap and beer and drinks specials on Saturday night. I went in Sunday for brunch and sat at the bar. Plenty of seats open. I ordered the funday Bloody Mary- which was awesome. Came with a deviled egg, pickles, citrus, an olive. I passed on the bacon that normally comes with it. After trying to get the bartender's attention for a while, I ordered avocado toast, which was just okay. It had tons of onions mixed in like they used guacamole instead of just avocado with seasoning. I hate onions so I wish they mentioned that on the menu. Ruined my meal. Also had to get up and interrupt the bartender while she was chatting with her friends for hot sauce. She wasn't the most attentive.
This review is for an in-house catered brunch I booked at this City Tap House location. The entire experience far exceeded my expectations in terms of food, value, space, and service.

I was looking for a venue to book brunch for around 60 people this autumn. I contacted a number of venues around/off of Center City ranging from cozy restaurants to large hotels to celebrity restauranteur-run spaces. City Tap House had the most flexibility on menu, pricing, and dates, and it was very straightforward to set up a tour of the space and customize my food selection. Still, I had my doubts, thinking 'well, it'll just be okay bar food.' The fact that several people told me they'd eaten there regularly for happy hours and social events at least made me think it would be better than your average chain restaurant.

The day of the event totally convinced me I'd made the right choice. Guests were legitimately impressed by some of the dishes - in particular, the bacon, goat cheese and pesto pizza, and crab mac and cheese got high praise. I loved being able to offer a mix of brunch and lunch for those folks who came in later. It was also easy to pick selections that catered to different dietary habits, such as vegans and vegetarians. 

The staff brought over extra seating for our section right at the front of the restaurant, so we were easy to spot even though we were roped off from the general dining area. It was a quiet Saturday right when they opened so we practically had the venue to ourselves for the first two hours.

Finally, with all this food and perfect seating placement, there managed to be an open bar with our own personal bar area - and the event still came in slightly under the reservation minimum. So all the food and drinks people wanted and still the best value of any venue I'd looked at, coming in hundreds of dollars below some other options.

I would definitely book another event here and look forward to going back for regular brunch/lunch!
Great place for food and drink, solid wine selection, really good wings and pizza,  well made cocktails/old fashioned. Elese was our server and did an amazing job with a large group of about 12, definitely going back and highly recommend. Very hip vibe.
Perfect location in Center City and impressive amount of draft listings. You can even get baby 6oz pours to sample beers you've had your eye on. 

The food is described as craft and they have a nice selection that I think everyone can find something to their likening. I only stopped in for a quick drink this last trip but if you are looking for a very social scene this could be your spot.  

The prior trip which was years ago I came with a group of about ten people the service was ahh and hot dam that bill can get up there quick but definitely come here at least once and see if its your thing.

As always people SYOY!!!
City Tap House is a solid beer choice, hands down. I love how their beer menu is organized (by style), making it really easy to find something you like. The food is also tasty, as far as vegan options go, the vegan burger is solid, and omni friends are generally happy too.

During the week, this is a popular happy hour spot for the various offices around (Comcast, etc.) and will generally (no promises) clear out pretty well when it gets a bit later (time to catch the regional rail!). I recently visited on the weekend, and it was pleasantly buzzy, but not crowded. Enjoy what these folks put out, and it's a great place right off the Parkway.
Nice selection of beers and food. Server team was professional. My strip steak was the best I ever had and the accompanying sauce was amazing! We want to go back.
After dinner, cross the street to 3 Logan Square and ride free up to the 51st floor and see the 360 degg view. Tiny bar up there too.
I would give this place zero stars if I could but Yelp won't let you do that. We were visiting from NYC and staying at the Logan hotel. Arrived late and needed some food. Didn't want to travel far since it was late at night. Hotel said there's a sit down place half a block away. 
Went in with my wife and waited as waiter after waiter passed us with not as much as an acknowledgement. Finally after 10 minutes, they asked if we wanted to sit at the bar or dining area. Took us to the dining area and sat us down. No utensils, water or menus were given. Waited for another 10 minutes then finally a waiter came and gave us a QR code to scan. Still no utensils or water. 
Took our order after walking past us a few times. Finally got water and we ordered food. 
Food was terrible. Who messes up a salad? 
Still no utensils. Had to grab a waitress and she looked annoyed like if we were asking for something out of the norm. We just wanted utensils and napkins. She brought us old looking napkins from the kitchen. 

I don't know if the treatment was because I was a dark Hispanic men. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Complete waste of money. We have been to Philadelphia so many times and never have we received this kind of treatment.
Unfortunately I will never return to City Tap House. Here's what went wrong:
1. Steak was burnt, yet bright red in the middle.
2. French toast was $13 for 4 pieces of bread and powdered sugar.
3. Service was awful. The waitress bumped into me numerous times and never apologized.
4. My 6 person party was seated at a table that could really only seat 4.
5. The "brunch" menu was lackluster.

Don't waste your time.
I've been to City Tap House (Logan Square) a few times now, but each time for drinks only.  I'm so glad to see Public House shut down and this amazing beer bar in its place!  City Tap House offers 40 something draft beers, its really crazy how many beers they have on tap.  The entire wall is lined with taps, and you get a clip board of pages long of craft beer options.

The bar is huge, so you can usually find a seat around the bar, or at a high-top.  The seating area for dinner is also huge, so if you can't get a bar seat, have the hostess seat you at a table.  I love sitting at the bar though, because of all the beer choices, I like to get the bartenders feedback on different beer options, and perhaps try a few free samples.  The service is spotty; the first time I went, it was packed and took me over 10 minutes to be recognized at the bar.  Its unfortunate, but a simple "i'll be right with you" would have helped!  However, the next time I went back, the bartenders were amazing and the one guy even talked to me for a while, and had me try a few samples of beer of his favorites.  So, that made me really happy!  He was great.

Never tried the food, but if its the same as City Tap House in University city, then the food will be pretty good.  I can't wait to go back, I'll order food next time.  The bathrooms are unisex, so don't get confused, you're walking into the right place!  

City Tap House is certainly a beer heaven for craft drinkers like me!  Great new addition to Logan Square.  I'll be back!
Public House was home to many a happy hour when I was in grad school. While it didn't have the best food, the space was sleek and spacious compared to most spots in Philly. When I heard City Tap House had decided to take over the space, I was excited at the prospects for the food as well.

I missed a recent Yelp Elite event at CTH, so before seeing Interstellar IMAX at the Franklin Institute with some friends, we all stopped by to grab dinner and a drink. CTH has several outposts including one in Uni City and another in DC. They're possibly expanding to NYC as well!

There's plenty of space and seating for you and your friends to grab a brew and watch a game on the big screen. It seems fairly family friendly too as there were plenty of kids hopping around while enjoying their food and night out on the town.

Buffalo Trace Bourbon [$12]

I started off with some Buffalo Trace bourbon - lightly smoky and refreshing. 

Corn & Crab Hush Puppies [$12]
Citrus remoulade, honey thyme butter

We ordered a slew of apps. The corn and crab hush puppies had great crunch, but maintained a fluffy consistency crab and corn, with seafood essence. It was served with a citrus remoulade and a housemade honey-thyme butter which had a touch of subtle sweetness to add richness to each bite.

Foie Gras Mousse [$15]
Apple cider gelee, pommery mustard

When I saw that foie was on offer at CTH, I knew that efforts were being made in the kitchen by Executive Chef Ian Branning, who has honed his skills at Ruth's Chris and Stephen Starr's empire of restaurants. I was really surprised at how well this turned out - creamy, yet light, the richness of the foie was tempered by the apple cider gelee. Six grilled toasted points were the perfect vessel for the foie, which was also balanced by the acidity of the pickled red onions and the great dijon mustard. A must order.

Ten Spice Wings [$12]
House blue dressing, celery, carrots

A huge portion of wings had a great dry rub that wasn't spicy and had a texture reminiscent of cornmeal. The chicken was moist and juicy. Celery, carrots, and blue cheese accompanied the wings.

Blue Crab Mac n Cheese [$12]
Cavatappi pasta, herbed bread crumbs

While the mac n cheese could have used more bits of blue crab, the essence was definitely in the creamy cheese sauce. The cavatappi noodles were perfect to hold on to that delicious sauce, with a great al dente texture.At first I thought this was a pittance of a portion, but the richness of the dish made this just the right amount.

Caesar Salad [$10]
Romaine hearts, Parmesan crisp, garlic croutons, crispy shallots

Considering the onslaught of apps for just 4 of us, the GF opted for a lighter option for her entree. The salad was dressed well, without being drowned in Caesar dressing. A thick Parmesan crisp, garlic croutons, and bits of crispy shallots rounded out each bite. 

Braised Short Rib [$21]
Truffled parsnip puree, radicchio, salsa verde, shaved horseradish

I went with a heartier dish of short ribs. While the meat could have use a bit more seasoning, they were fall-apart tender and there were three decently sized portions of meat. The buttery and subtly sweet parsnip puree was lightly accented by the truffle oil, though I missed the shaved horseradish. The star of the dish for me though? The raddichio which had some acidity (pickling?), which I enjoyed.

CTH is not just a bar offering pub food. It's on par with a gastropub, offering great bites with some creative twists. On top of the good food, the service was on point as well. We had a great, snarky waitress from Brooklyn and the manager Andrew managed to stop by to check things out. On a Friday night at 7PM, it was bumping and everyone seemed to be enjoying their drinks and food. Considering we live only a few blocks away, I'm sure we'll be by again. 

Teetered closer to 5 stars than 4, so here's to 5 - hopefully the rest of 2015 solidifies this great start for City Tap House at Logan Square!
Came here on a weeknight for dinner with family. We were able to get a reservation at the last minute. I would probably compare this restaurant  to Iron Hill with the drink and menu options. The restaurant is spacious and not too loud. We were seated in one of the booths. I know this is a beer place but i'm not really into beer so I stuck with a glass of chardonnay. We shared the mussels and the prosciutto and fig pizza.  The mussels were great and flavorful, I forget the names of the ones that we got. The prosciutto and fig pizza was great and high quality pizza. The flavoring with the fig was perfect. I think I would have liked it better though with a different type of cheese instead of blue cheese. But, overall the food was really good. Pricing here was reasonable for the city too. Our waitress was great, did everything she was supposed to do, checked in often. It's funny it wasn't very crowded when we arrived, but by the time we were leaving the place was mobbed. Overall, I would come back here, it's a nice spot.
We sadly just missed happy hour, for which there was no fudging of time as the computers set the pricing. That said, the normal-priced food and drinks were still delicious, with the amazing Whipped Ricotta (for which our waitress kindly brought free extra bread to balance the generous portion of cheese) and Brussels Sprouts impressing us.
Great food and service. Had wings, Ahi Tuna and an awesome corn dip and wine. Everything was delicious and the restaurant was comfortable. The NBA finals was on and you had a great view of the HUGE tv or one of many other screens from any angle. Would definitely return.
I've been to the UC location before, but only for beer. Friends in town wanted a good beer place in CC and I remembered the Logan Square location, so off we went!

The restaurant itself is HUGE and very open, I was digging the floor plan. There were several different bar areas and it looked as though one of them had a private party going on, so it was nice that that didn't conflict with the actual restaurant portion. For a Tuesday night, the place was busy but not insanely packed. Our server was great and service in general was very quick and pleasant.

Impressive beer menu for sure. When this particular friend is in town, we always try to hit up a brewery or extensive beer place so he was stoked with the selection. Him and my other friend had a few different beers, while our other dining partner tried some cocktails. I stuck to Allagash Saison which I was excited to see on the menu because rarely do I ever see it anywhere.

For apps, we did the cheese fondue and the foie gras mousse, both of which were amazing. I could've eaten the fondue with just a spoon but that big chunky bread was wonderful too! I had never had foie gras before and one guy in the party wanted it while no one else did, and me being an adventurous eater said SURE! I didn't know what to expect with it but it was very smooth and mild, I really enjoyed it with the mustard and pickled onions on more crusty bread!

3 out of 4 of us went for the daily supper, which was chicken and waffles. We all had never had it before and thought what the heck, why not. The 4th person got one type of the mussels which she loved. Ok, back to the chicken and waffles. The thyme butter and pepper jelly were simply amazing, and putting those on the waffles with the syrup and some chicken - YUM! I do have to say though that the chicken itself seemed underseasoned - I was thinking there would be more of a pop of flavor when biting into the skin so was a bit underwhelmed by that. Everything together was great, but I just felt like the chicken was missing SOMEthing. 

I only ate half my meal and the server boxed the rest up for me - it wasn't until I got home that I discovered she didn't include the butter, pepper jelly, or syrup! What a bummer because I certainly don't have thyme butter or pepper jelly at home :( Really wish that was in the box, but oh well.

This place is definitely on the expensive side for a gastropub. I mean, places like this are always more expensive but I feel like CTH kind of pushed the limits on that. I would've appreciated some cheaper/smaller menu options that weren't appetizers (perhaps some sandwich options brought over from the lunch menu). For what we ate, yes the price suited those menu options. Just be prepared.

Overall, it was a great experience. I'd probably actually give it 3.5 stars, but since I have to choose 3 or 4, they get a 4. I'm glad I was able to check this place out and I may be back at some point if I'm looking to splurge.
Great upscale sports bar in a great location. There is actually 2 bar areas and I sat at the back bar. It was not crowded at all and I could still see the sports events on the surrounding tv's. The menu is quite large with plenty to choose from. I ordered the Corn and Crab Hushpuppies, though I didn't see or taste any crab, there were 5 delicious fried dough balls resting on a citrus remoulade sauce. They were the size of golf balls and they were light and fluffy. Then I ordered the Baked Brie. It was gooey and delicious. The toasted French bread baguettes were just hearty enough to soak up all the cheese and toppings. It is definitely enough to share with a group of people as it is pretty rich. 
The service was superb. Brian T. was my server and he was terrific. He even asked if there was any food allergies to make sure that all was perfect. He also said that if there was anything that he didn't have at his bar area, he would gladly go to the other bar that was larger, and he would get it. I only ordered bar food but I would like to come back and order food from the regular menu as well. 
BTW, check out the bathrooms...they are cool too!
CTH is an excellent American restaurant, the service is top notch! I came here with my wife and kids on Saturday evening, without any reservation. Unfortunately the only available table was near the window and very cold, so we could not stay. The lady was so sorry for us, she gave me a $30 credit for next time.
Next day I made a reservation to have a nice table, and everything was great. They recognized me from the day before and were super kind to us. The Pinot Noir bottle I ordered was missing, so they offered me another bottle. My wife had the Tartufo pizza, I had the burger, my sister had the Caesar salad. Everything was great.
Really, a place to remember!
Looking for a place with a solid beer selection and tons of TV's for sports watching? This is an oasis in a neighborhood that is otherwise a wasteland of construction. Close to the museums and not far from city hall this is a great option to gather with friends and grab a drink. 

Came in around 10 after an Escape Room adventure just to grab a beer. Such an amazing selection - it was hard to choose. They had Alternative Facts on tap which was exciting (in general) and sparked some lively conversation around the table. Another hit was the Kasteel Chocolate Quad - I don't even like chocolate and i have to admit it's one for the books. 

I didn't see the menu but I will be back for sure. At the very least I need to get to brunch because $5 Bloody Marys are calling my name.
We decided to stop in for a few drinks later in the evening. The place was a decent size and definitely had a wide variety of beers. There were also some spiked seltzer's but just a few options for ciders which Is what I usually drink. The atmosphere was similar to your typical restaurant/ sports bar. There was a dining area and a bar with a huge screen across the wall. I've been to quite a few places similar to this so nothing really stood out. There were some high tops near the bar that were first come, first serve but the chairs were so wobbly, I was afraid they'd break while sitting on them. Seemed like a decent spot for drinks or a meetup with friends.
We had a work happy hour here from 6-8 in the private dining area, and unfortunately either the servers were just too overwhelmed, or just didn't care to help us. We had to track down a server, and when we finally did, tried to order a Stella. She didn't know if the restaurant carried it or not "because she was new". My advice: don't have a new girl try to serve a party of 35 people. We finally got our drinks (which I appreciated the wide selection!), and the food was pretty tasty. The short rib tacos were really delicious. So were the corn hush puppies. But the service was totally lacking, so A-OK it is.
Been here on a few occasions since they turned in into City Tap from Public House. I really miss Public House cause it was a great place to dance on the weekends (with lots of attractive guys hehe) but here are my thoughts..

Drinks// me and Anumpa S. came in and told the bartender we were there for happy hour (obvs) and ordered some house white wine. When we got our bill, he charged us full price bc the wine wasn't on special. Was kinda annoyed he didn't tell us when we sat down what the specials were/that what we ordered was not on special... ie "FYI, guac is extra". I still don't really know what's on special here bc I feel like beer places generally try to feature stuff. Their prices are on the higher end for an American joint I think. Wines/well drinks start at $10 I think.

Food//came for brunch and was really excited. The 3 cheese omelet had this amazing guevre or whatever that had rosemary and the taste was not too overpowering, but definitely noticeable. The potatoes/argula salad on the side were clutch. I think the omelet should have been on the skillet longer but it's ok. The amaretto french toast was also really good.. maybe OD on the amaretto but whatevs. The margh pizza is wayy too overpriced. It's a tiny pizza that will basically be a snack for 2 people. At $13, not worth it. It wasn't even that good for an item they feature. 

Would prob return for drinks cause I live closeby and figure out wtf their specials are, but prob not for food.
Went here on a Saturday night with my son and boyfriend and it was a great experience! We had a great table with a view of the tv over the bar and the staff was super friendly. The 10 spice wings are phenomenal so make sure you get those :)
Went here for my birthday and it was packed! We made a last minute reservation and we're happy we did, as well as the hostess who really appreciated it! The staff at the host stand as well as the bartender and server were really nice and attentive. I got the trout which I thought was tasty but nothing special. The cheese board was excellent but I was disappointed in the mussels. I thought the beer selection was pretty good but my boyfriend wanted Belgian beers and couldn't find something he was really excited about. Would definitely give it another try! Very trendy inside!
Great place to grab a craft beer and watch the game. Trendy vibe for a sports bar. Definitely not the divey type of place you normally see. Great selection of beer, lots of room to spread out, tons of tvs.
Large, comfortable environment, solid and fairly large tap list including two cask choices. Went with my daughter after a visit to the Academy of Natural Science, and unfortunately hit the Tap House between lunch and dinner, leaving us with the abbreviated "anytime" menu. The hostess also made sure to tell us we could also order from the bar menu which would add A few additional choices. Small detail yes, but so many times I've been out and left to guess at my options. Service was super friendly but not overly so, and from everyone we dealt with throughout our meal. Food was excellent and well prepared from the explosion of flavors in the Korean short rib tacos, to a very creamy blue crab mac n cheese, to my daughter's perfectly cooked medium rare burger. Enjoyed the whole experience from beginning to end, keep it up CTH!
Happy Hour has no food specials. A couple wines at $6 but strictly limited pours. Atmosphere vibrant. Your move....
Came in here randomly for a drink and to catch a basketball game but ended up having the best Brussels sprouts I've ever had. Do not miss these!
Sat at the bar on a business trip solo. Ordered the avocado and grapefruit salad with rare ahi tuna add on. It was a $22 salad with that combo, but I will tell you that it was literally with every penny. The dressing was light and perfect for this salad and the  grapefruit gave it a kick with the avocado mellowed it out. Arugula is my absolute favorite salad green so this salad was just heaven on a plate. The tuna was prepared perfectly and was flavorful.  Lots of people in here on a Tuesday, good sign that it's a good place to be. 

If you're a beer drinker they do have a phenomenal list with a great variety to choose from. Overall a good dining experience and I'll definitely be back.
Am not sure why it is so surprising to me that I like this place. Perhaps it is because Public House (same company) was so horrible or because the West Philly Tap House is always too loud and chaotic. 

The food is great! The beer list is extensive (with a whole list of excellent ciders!) The meat comes from a local farm and the plates all seem to be crafted with a lot of care. 

I've gone twice and both times had fun servers with great energy. Their entire team seems prompt and friendly and I think that is probably a sign of good management. 

They have a HUGE tv, which is a bit distracting for a nice dinner, but would be great for a game. The place can be really noisy during happy hour, but when you're tucked away in booths, the noise level seems fine.
Food was very good and very accommodating to gluten allergies. There was not gluten free bread though. I got a Ceasar salad with chicken and no croutons. Service was great and waitress was very nice. Would not recommend getting the iced tea - it was gross. My mom got a cheeseburger and loved it. French fries were great too. A lot of things on the kids menu - my younger sister loved the chicken fingers.
Today was my third visit to City Tap House and I love it! This is my go to place for client and work related lunches. The food is incredible and they're home to the best salad that I've ever had, The CTH Steak Salad. Today I forced myself to try something different and was not disappointed. I ordered the open face crab melt and it was awesome!! The hush puppies were out of this world too! City Tap House would have gotten a 5 star review, but the service was pretty slow today (we were one of the only tables in the restaurant), and they were out of the homemade chips that we ordered. Other than that, it's great! I will be back many times in the future.
Just attended a brunch at City Tap. I highly recommend if you are planning a private party you look elsewhere. It was the worst buffet brunch we have ever attended. 

This restaurant is probably great for dinner or a get together but large party...NO WAY 

Let's start with the party room. 78 degrees from 10:30-3pm. It was a nice way to stay sweaty and uncomfortable for a few hours. 

Food was the worst. See my photos. Every time we went up the food trays were empty. They did not have the staff or means to cover 100 people maybe 20 at best. 

No drinks for hours. We waited 40 minutes for coffee to be made. Who puts out two carafes of coffee for a party of 100. One reg and one decaf. Amateur. 

We also had no plates and people are stacking up on line. It didn't matter when the plates arrived because the food was constantly empty. No one was eating so I'm not sure what the problem was. I did see the chef cooking and eating constantly in the kitchen so maybe he was eating out brunch. 


The tables had no service for again 100 people. they had this little table with drinks on it and it was always empty as well. We had to beg the waitress to bring us coffee and waters. This party was filled with young children, adults and a hand full of elderly couples. You think they would server at least water. Plates were never cleared from the table either and probably the reason they had none at the brunch line. 

The manager was onsite the entire time but he didn't seem to have any answers or know how to handle this many people. A few of the waitresses stepped up and brought us water. They were so nice and really felt bad for everyone. 

If this was my event and we have thrown many events like this these guys would have had a serious problem. This wouldn't fly in NY/NJ

Glad we were surrounded by amazing family and friends that made it a little easier to joke and get through this restaurants faults. 

Check out the photos and if you decide to book a party don't say I didn't warn you. Just to be clear the party was not at full capacity and still the trays were empty and no coffee or drinks.
Bartenders are friendly, service is great and the food and beer is delicious. What more could you ask for? Ashley especially is a total gem!
I work in Logan Square...so after visiting their location in UCity regularly, I was pretty excited about this development(except I'll always miss public house's $10 burger and beer - unbeatable).

Impressive selection of beer but a few issues (1) every time I'm there they have different selection - yes, a double edged sword but if they have your favorite beer on tap - don't expect it be there next time (2) pricey and NO happy hour - come on guys, you've got a ton of people who would be way more incline to catch their next train home if they didn't have to pay full price for every beer on tap (3) food is unreasonably expensive and the service was terrible but I haven't eaten these since their first couple weeks being open so I'd hope they've worked out the kinks.  

I'm sure I'll continue to go back (simply out of convenience) but they could do ALOT better..step it up guys
bomb.com dranks and treats. the pimento cheese aint for the faint of heart. pretty sure its laced with some sort of illegal substance because i cant stop thinking about and its kind of giving me the shakes. great place if youre into super heady ipas brah. cant wait to go back 7443994 more times.
I love this place. I love the atmosphere and service is quick. We came in yesterday during our beerventure for food. We ordered the pork nachos, which were gone within 5 minutes between the four of us. Great beer selection. During our beerventure, we collected raffle tickets based on our purchase of beer from two specific breweries. Most bars we went to only had one beer from each brewery. Well, we were shocked to find the largest selection of beers from both breweries, making our experience much better. I'll definitely return for some hours of happiness.
I find myself here every few weeks during football season. Great beer selection, tasty burgers, ample TV coverage, plenty of seating, decent prices.
While the food was good in the sense that it's a twitch of more upscale bar food, it was watching the manager and his dirty hands touching every plate. I only noticed him bc there was a backlog of servers waiting for food and watched as he picked something off the floor, wipe his hair, pinched his nose, palmed new plates, wiped back his sweaty head, grabbed more plates etc telling servers which tables. Not once did he clean his hands not was he wearing gloves. We managed to notify some people but this left a bad cloud in my head( sure it happens everywhere, but I couldn't stomach it any longer ) ... Please remember to wash your hands...  And don't palm clean dishes...
Pretty good if you're there to watch a game or something. Also good if you just wanted to grab a drink which is what brought my friends and I here. 

Being from NYC, we were more use to having lots of places open late. And while in philly there weren't that many (or maybe we were just in the wrong neighborhood). Saw this place on yelp, and decided to go in because it was open late and had drinks. 

Walking in it seemed like a bar/ restaurant and it was pretty big. We had to wait however because they were kind of busy, apparently some big game was playing. Didn't have to wait too long though, a group soon left and we got their booth. But, we had to ask the hostess if we could take the seat, seems like they didn't even notice it? Which I did not like, since we were there waiting. 

If I remember correctly, they had a good drink menu. We started with the sangria and then each of us got something different. Everyone had mixed reviews about their drinks, so make sure you ask more about what you're getting if you like your drinks a particular way. Anywho, we got a flight of beer after our second round, and the waiter was very nice when we asked her recommendations and also very patient while we tried to decide. 

Overall, if you're ever in the area why not. 
Good sporty crowd. 
But wish the hostess kind of paid more attention to her customers.
I came here for a Yelp Elite event with a friend of mine. They had a few different drinks on the menu and they rotated in different food options. I tried the pulled pork sliders, plain & pepperoni pizza, hummus, and chicken wings. The chicken wings were very good and probably my favorite. The pizza and sliders were also very tasty. The hummus was olive based, and I don't like olives so I wasn't a big fan of that. My friend really enjoyed it though, so if you like olive-y hummus, you'd probably enjoy this one. I can't remember the name of the drink that I had, but it tasted like a pink lemonade and I really liked it. The bar itself was on the small side, but still nicely laid out. I'm glad I was able to check out this place, and maybe next time I'm in the area, I'll check it out!
