I like the fact that you can enjoy some good food while sitting and enjoying your favorite artist, but the service was just eh... i had better. Our server took forever with our food and when it came to refills or ordering more food, forget it! There was no luck with that, so I guess we will just continue to be parched and hungry as the waiters walk past us numerous times while we attempt to get your attention. 

I came with my boyfriend to see Jon B and the show was great, but I didn't like how many people came in late and got in the way of us watching the show. 

We also were seated by the loudest women ever who talked the entire time and were so annoying. 

As far as the food, we got the chicken wings and they were very tasty and we shared the egg rolls, wasn't a big fan of them, and we had the Bavarian pretzels with different dipping sauces like a cream cheese, some type of mustard and I think a buttercream. The pretzels were just okay, but the dipping sauces tasted really weird and had a strange after taste. 

I would try this place but just go to the restaurant because it seemed to be more intimate and like it would be a better time versus coming here to see a show again and being annoyed with the people and the waitstaff that are terrible.
My weekend visit to City Winery was sadly a huge bummer. After having a positive experience here for a private tour and sampling event, I had hoped that the low rating on Yelp was due to staffing issues related to the pandemic. My hopes were let down. I was genuinely embarrassed to have suggested my group of friends and I try City Winery in the first place.

There were quite a few menu items that they couldn't make, most surprisingly being the Sangria. Given that this is a winery, Sangria should be a staple! Also, the wine flights come out without labels. I ordered the same flight twice, and it came in a different order both times so I was left guessing which wine was which.

Menu items to skip: Cheeseboard (not worth $30), Whipped Feta (inconsistent, see pictures), Cheesesteak Flatbread (not as described on menu, not a lot of flavor)

Menu items worth trying: Sparkling Wine, Burrata & Prosciutto "Flatbread" (personal pizza), Brussel Sprouts

The only reason this review is 2 stars, instead of just one, is because of the incredible winemaker Isaac that gave a tour on a prior visit and for the overall ambience of the space. Isaac was very knowledgeable, and the space is huge with two beautiful stage/venue spots. It's too bad that the quality of service and food do not match the high price tag.

The only reason I would return would be if there was an artist I wanted to see performing here.
This place is adorable! The staff is so friendly and it is a great place to have an afternoon drink or meet with friends after work. City winery also has some amazinf  music line ups which I think is such a great use of the space as well. They have a great array of wines on tap which are fun to try with the flight options. I will surely be back again!
Philly has too many intimate music venues- said no one ever. After hearing about this venue chain primarily from NYC, I was excited to get one in Philadelphia. 

My experience is based on the Art Alexakis solo show. We purchased our tickets at Goldstar, which meant tickets would be assigned at the box office. My group arrived at doors hoping to get seats up close, but the box office team had already done the seat assigning. We were able to request that our friends sit somewhat near us in the Loft. The venue is pretty small that it doesn't make much of a difference. We weren't next to our other group, but we could chat with them before, in between and after the sets.

The venue was intimate with the artist, but intimate with your neighbors. The tables and space between the tables were tiny. It was also really warm, even for me. 

We had wanted to check out the food as well. Unfortunately, I'd have to agree with most reviewers. At least of the white bean hummus and Brussels sprouts, the food was bland. I'd recommend eating in the plethora of delicious Chinatown establishments before doors. I started with a wine flight to get a lay of the land. I liked the pinot grigio and rose the best, the reds fell flat. I ended up sticking with pinot grigio the rest of my visit. 

Our server was really sweet and happy to answer all of our questions and keep up on our needs. My pinot grigio in my flight was warm so he brought me a chilled one without me asking for it. 

I'm on the fence between a 3 or 4 star review based on the venue itself. The Loft was very intimate and the sound of the acoustic performance was pristine. The room was actually slanted so that the closer seats were higher. The servers and guests were walking around the entire time, which was incredibly distracting and took away from the experience. Even without using Goldstar, the ticket prices are reasonable, which is a plus for seeing more shows. 

I look forward to more up close and personal performances and some pinot grigio to pair with it.
Very nice place. Warm inviting cozy, great music and good food. Comfortable setting with the low lights and nice size stage. 

If your looking for some good live music, food & drinks.  Try out this place. 
A very good date night atmosphere. Or if your out alone or girls night out. This is a good place to give a try.

The tables are 4 or more so if your just 1 or 2. You'll be sitting with another couple. You must show proof of vaccinations at the door to enter. That was refreshing and folks still had in mask

The sound system was clear and at a great volume level to hear all the instruments, including when they were singing. 

I did not get to try any of the foods but next time I definitely will. Price of the show was $65 each for 2 hrs of good music. Very well worth it for a night or.  See internet schedule for the live band for your evening you want to attend. 

Definitely a place to return to.  I am a fan of good live jazz.
Folks, I truly try not to give 1 or 5 star reviews, seldom does a place make it that far on the bell curve, but this place won a rare 1 star.
Stopped in with the wife for a drink around 4:30 on a Monday.  
My two issues were:
1.  Ordered a martini (yes I know it's a wine bar) and due to a lack of olives (I'd have been happy with a twist) I waited 18:30 minutes for my drink.  There was an absolute lack of any sense of urgency.  In the end, I waited nearly 20 minutes for a glass of gin (no vermouth), that ran me $15.    
Since I can buy a bottle of gin for $25, I guess I was paying for the atmosphere, see point #2.
Particularly annoying was watching the manager on duty sit at the bar, talking with the bartender, working on his laptop.  Would it be that difficult to go into the back and determine there were no olives?  I watched another manager walk behind the bar, fire down a shot of whisky, and get something from the register.
2.  We sat near the hostess desk and were treated to non-stop gossip and shop talk.  I remember what it was like to work in a restaurant before opening, I didn't need to listen to that for the 45 minutes we were there.  Complete lack of professionalism, ridiculous pricing, and no reason for anyone to ever visit this establishment.
First time coming and we came to see Dwele. First of all the sound system is terrible and for such a large room there are only speakers by the stage so sitting by the bar area you can't hear anything.

Food is sub par. We ordered Brussels, beets and mushroom flatbread. All very basic, overpriced and lukewarm. When we opened our cloth napkins to get to our silverware it was all dirty. I had to open three napkins to get to a clean pair of utensils.

Drinks were awful. They make their own wine but it was terribly overpriced and not good. I settled for a martini after trying their bland Sauvignon Blanc and it was again a waste. 

Overall, a beautiful venue, horrible experience.
Last night I and my bae saw neo-soul singer/songwriter Eric Roberson perform at City Winery. Opening for him was Japanese vocalist Nao Yoshioka, who sang beautifully. Out seats were very close to the stage ensuring we would have great views, and the sound was great, even though it seemed that Erro and his band ran into some sound engineering snafus at points during his performance. The good news is that the  venue was sold out, which was great for the artist and City Winery of course, but problematic in other ways, which I'll get to in a second. 

All in all we had an enjoyable time. To start we shared a carafe of Petit Verlot which was delicious. My bae also had a Coke, and an order of shrimp and grits, which they cooked without bacon at his request. I had the shells and cheese and the Brussel Sprouts, which was enjoyable enough. Our server was polite and attentive and came by to check on us throughout the evening, which I thought was admirable especially since there is a way to signal for service, which we didn't use after our plates were brought to our table. Other servers also came by to check on us and to clear our empty plates away, all in a manner that ensured the least amount of disruption from enjoying the entertainment. 

Now for the downsides:  The main one, in our eyes, was the seating. The overall arrangement of tables and chairs in the space was awkward mainly because a significant number of them would end up with parties having their backs to the stage., leaving one with the option of having to turn one's chair around to face the stage or the other option of contorting one's body in the chair to have a decent view of the stage. More people - me included- chose the latter option because there really was no space to turn one's chair around. Those who chose to do so turned out to highly inconvenience and disrupt those around them. 

There seemed to also be wayyy too many tables and chairs in the venue which I understand that there needs to be a certain number of bodies in the seats, spending money on food and drinks to make an evening profitable, but wow, it was crowded and quite uncomfortable from the perspective of being seated in such close proximity to people you didn't know. 

I also feel like the crowded nature of the venue with all those tables and chairs means that patron movement might be restricted in case of an emergency, which in turn might prove to be problematic from a safety perspective. Let's hope time won't put that to the test. 

Looking at the seating from another perspective, it became apparent that seats for the show were being sold four to one table. If the tables were big enough that wouldn't have posed an issue. But if two patrons were expecting a a more intimate couples style experience, well, no. The tables themselves were cafe style and were realistically large enough to accommodate for only two people, one on each side. But once we were seated we quickly realized that at some point, two complete strangers would eventually be joining our table at some point as there were two empty seats at our table. So we kept watching and waiting as people were being escorted into the space to see who would eventually join our table. Yeah a good way to kill the mood. 

Anyway, Bae and I decided that the next time we visited City Winery, we would come back for a show, and a glass of wine,
some beer or a cocktail and enjoy a meal either before or after a show, elsewhere. He said it would be ideal to just buy all of the ticketed seats at a table to ensure we had it all to ourselves, creating at least some distance and space between ourselves and  those who would be seated at the tables to the right and left of us.

That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
City Winery is one of those new music venues that I had anticipated going to pre-Covid that took seemingly FOREVER for me to get to as a result of the virus. But when I saw that one of my all time favorite indie darlings, the Magnetic Fields, was set to have a triple night of shows here, I knew it was inevitable for me to finally pay a visit, and when I did I discovered an intimate venue that lived up to my expectations.

On the music venue scale City Winery is like a smaller and more intimate World Cafe Live, just grab a table, order food and/or drinks as needed, and have a good view seat whether you're in the front or back of the venue. It was a cozy and inviting setup where we were seated towards the center and able to carry on some interactions with the band that they could actually hear and make out. 

City Winery obviously had an abundance of wine, but being that we aren't as into or knowledgeable about it, we also did enjoy the well-rounded cocktail menu and an assortment of local beers that they had to offer. Because it's been forever since we've really been able to, we used our beforehand to hit up and enjoy Chinatown instead of eating here, but the menu did have some tasty-sounding options. 

Show wise City Winery doesn't really get in as many options as other spots in the city. Current shows like Sugarhill Gang, Shiela E, and Duncan Shiek have me scraping to pull out random songs from the 80s and 90s. But while I was seeing Magnetic Fields, I was also blown away by the potential of seeing the likes of John Waters and Jane Lynch up close and personal during the holiday season. You might not see as many eye-catching shows on the list, but the ones that you do are absolutely worth it for the intimate coziness of the viewing experience.

Add in the easy access to the venue through taking the train and getting off at Jefferson, and its another bonus.
Love this spot!

Went here with a group of 6 during a conference we had in town.  We did not eat too much as we came here after dinner but we enjoyed the flights.  The prices are very good and they have a great variety of wine. Our waitress was very nice and added to our fun and upbeat atmosphere at our table.  They also had live music in a separate area which I appreciated.  We enjoyed our girl talk and then proceeded to the live band.  It allowed us to have a quieter atmosphere to talk and then have a little fun later.  They have a lot of local bands that play there and some celebrities as well. Would definitely go back to this restaurant or one of their chains. The manger was also very attentive, she noticed an error on our bill, that we didn't notice (remember, we were enjoying flights...lol).  She corrected it immediately and gave us her direct phone number if we had any errors after returning home.
Eat B4 u get here!!! Eric Roberson....concert and venue incredible!!! The Food was horrible. Waited over 45mns and my burger/fries were cold.... Eat B4 u get here!
Eat B4 u get here! Eat B4 u get here!
If up close and personal and having a sense of intimacy is your thIng when seeing your favorite artist then City Winery is it!! 
I had an incredible time! The staff was absolutely amazing and engaging from beginning to end! 
My date and I truly enjoyed everything!
New location.

this place was supper packed and seems inside the mall was just a quick stop for people that wanted a drink of wine, 

I was told that to go to the other part I would have to go out side the mall, I figured that would be for another day.

sampled the wine and it was tasty 

I will def be back to try more options.
One star is too much!
I took my parents to see John Sebastian of the Lovin Spoonful (11/9). We were so excited to experience such an icon. 
We left extremely disappointed in the service and especially the food. I am not sure where to begin. 
We arrived around 6:30 to eat prior to show. We waited over 30 min at our table to even get a waiter to us. Seriously, we asked multiple staff who our waiter was for 20 minutes. Each one insisted, I am not sure, and would leave.....
FINALLY, Kieran arrived. We ordered wine and appetizers. 
30 minutes later, the order arrived. No joke. It is now 7:25, the soup came out cold (cream of asparagus), when my father asked the waiter if the soup should be cold his response was "I am not sure, I never had it". FAIL
We also ordered mussels which were also cold & abismal. Literally, they tasted like they were just brought out of the Delaware. It is now 7:45 and the show was set to start at 8ish. We needed to eat.
Everyone at the table was completely put off. 
We were not sure to order dinner however, we were starving as 2 out of 3 appetizers were sent back.
After ordering a pizza, I mean who can fuck that up, 30 minutes later that came out which was also lackluster. 
Had it not been for John Sebastian, and his music, this place would be closed. 
Get your act together City winery. This was bush league!
Be sure to eat and drink prior to show as it is not worth it.
Let me start with "I understand". So the venue looks beautiful the location is good but the view of the bus station is not quite what I want when drinking wine. My experience with service was not the best considering that the place was more than half empty on a Saturday afternoon but our waitress was very polite. That being said the food took almost an our to get to us and we just ordered salad and the cheese steak. Now the wine... yeah but no thank you. For this to hold "winery" in the name I was expecting to be amazed by the selection of wine or even the taste but it fell short. I almost feel like they opened up some Sutter Homes bottles and charged me up. I will think this place will be a great place to enjoy in the time to come if the servers are knowledgeable about the wine that they serve and the food although was good comes out at a better pace. I was hoping for a better experience but I understand.
I was anticipating a pretty poor visit based on the reviews and 2.5 overall star rating, and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. 

We came with a a large group with about 10 people for happy hour. We all arrived at different times, combined tables and checks, and honestly we weren't the easiest table to deal with in that regards. The bartender at the bar was so kind when I apologized that we had to close the check because we saw our friends actually sat outside. Once seated outside, a server came by to offer to push tables together so we could all sit and chat with ease. Our server for the remainder of the night was great. He stopped by at appropriate times to check on our drinks, wasn't too pushy about anything and overall we had great service.

I can't comment on the food as I didn't order, but definitely 4 stars for service! The glasses of draft wine are 50% off during happy hour which means appx $5-6 per glass. I enjoyed 2 glasses of rose which was really nice, crisp and dry. Then I opted for a Golden Monkey because it's one of my favorite beers and hard to pass up at a fair price of $8.

The interior is also really cute with the wine decor (see photo). ALSO **gender neutral restrooms!*

I wouldn't hesitate to come back for happy hour again.
The menu says happy hour from 4-7, the website says happy hour from 4-7, and yet, we were told happy hour ended at 6 without any offer of accommodation. 

In light of that, I ordered a beer and my partner ordered a habanero margarita that tasted like iced triple sec and total disappointment. 

We ordered wings and burgers which, to their credit were prepared as we wanted them, but came out slowly and the entrees arrived before the appetizer. 

We didn't see our server again until he came to ask if our food had come out, which we had already finished eating. I requested the check, and didn't even get the courtesy of a thank you. 

Don't waste your money. It looks pretty and it's a terrible restaurant.
Stopped in when this place first opened and was excited to see they offer wine flights. Fast forward to this past Friday I went for dinner and was very disappointed. I ordered a burger to be cooked medium well, but it was very dry and over cooked. The service was very slow. I wanted a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, but was told that they ran out. I was also a little disappointed at the lack of wine options seeing as though this is a winery. When our bill came there were 2 errors so I brought them to the server's attention. She was pleasant and went to correct the bill. She came back and I realized I was still being overcharged so I had to send the bill back yet again. Not a great experience, but the venue was nice.

**Update**
Went back to this place last night (against my better judgment) for the Bilal concert. The service  was absolutely HORRIBLE. The servers were literally walking around looking lost. The table next to us received the wrong order twice. The service was SO slow. Once again my burger was dry, bland, and not worth the money. The tables were way too close together, and to top it all off- we ordered 2 margaritas w/ 2 shots which came up to $72 b/c the waitress gave us Patron instead of the house tequila. Normally when I go to restaurants and order tequila they give you options or just bring you the house tequila. Why would you assume I want Patron? I tried to give this place another chance, but I won't be back. I don't understand why a winery would have such a limited wine list anyway. I feel like Olive Garden has more options. Nice venue, but that's about all this place has going  for them.
Came to see one of my favorite bands. I've seen them many times in the past, generally for $20-30. For some reason they charged $70 for the cheap seats. On top of this, the AC was extremely loud and would make an obnoxious vibrating boom every minute or so. The band was very quiet so it was incredibly noticable. So much so that the band commented on it multiple times and noted that it wasn't happening during sound check. Absolutely unprofessional of the venue to not give the band a heads up, and just as ridiculous that they were charging such a high price for such a distracting concert experience. I go to concerts every week and this was among the more annoying, exclusively because of the venue which is supposedly charging a premium for an exceptional experience.
We came here last week to catch a concert in the main venue downstairs. City Winery is a new addition to the renovated FDP, as well as a new addition to the Philly music venue scene. I cannot speak to the wine/food here, but as a venue, it's awkward and it's cramped. You're seated at tiny dinner tables elbow to elbow with your neighbors and it's angled in such a way that if you have your back turned to the stage, you either crane your neck and turn your chair. Thankfully, we didn't have folks sitting next to us; otherwise, it would've been a tight squeeze. The wait staff comes around and takes your order before the show starts, and they have to maneuver around during the show, especially if people are taking pictures/recording during the concert.

We happened to grab a bite before the show, and I was thankful that we did, because the menu options seem underwhelming. My plus one sat across from me, feeling quite uncomfortable and he ended up moving next to me to get a better view of the show. The acoustics were pretty decent, but this would not be a place I would choose to go see a concert unless it was another artist I am dying to see. The seating arrangements need to be more comfortable and more spread out in order to accommodate folks.
Came her for lunch and drinks with a friend and all the food we had was good but for the price I'm not sure it was worth it. I had an impossible burger, which was good, but I personally like all the impossible burgers I've had. I had some whiskey cocktail which was disgusting and extremely small. 

I probably wouldn't come here again on my own.
I sooooo wanted to give this place the perfect 5 stars.. 

First off... LOVE the location. Easy access from the Patco or Septa line.. whichever you use it's close in walking distance from either line. So that's really convenient... especially now that's it's getting cold.

Inside is so nice! Decor and cleanliness is top notch. Even on the way to the bathrooms, there's this fancy staircase lines with wine bottles galore. I forgot to take a pic tho. I came on a Sunday around 3ish and it wasn't packed at all. Sat at the bar and service was great.

Wines were really good... got the flight of wines for $20... the Bordeaux one was my favorite. The bartender also let us sample their Mulled Wine... YUM! I ended up ordering one after my flight.

BUTTTTT here's where I had to knock off some stars. I know I'm coming to this place for the wine.. but I like to eat while I drink lol. And their food was BLAND!! I was so disappointed! And also.. because I guess I came in between the times they were switching their menu from lunch to dinner.. They only had the little bites menu available. They gave me the lunch menu and was like JUST KIDDING we are just switching over. BUMMER i was so hungry lol. 
FOOD

Went with the braised duck tacos and their herb fries. Duck tacos.. bland! Like can I have some salt please? And something to make it a little spicy? 
Their fries were just ok. 

So while the service, ambience and wine was amazing.. they gotta step up their food game! I will definitely be back cuz I LOVE wine.. but maybe their dinner menu will be better!
Had a happy hour here pre-Covid.  Had very nice ambience with the wine draped all about, comfy couches, and nice imagery with the pictures.  The service was decent as they helped us along throughout the night.  Peculiar that this place wasn't attached the mall but there was a separate venue within the mall associated with it.  But would recommend if going for a happy hour.
I will start with a positive. The venue Of this place is super cool. The deco  feels authentic and the vibe of the place tricks you into thinking you are in for an amazing experience. Upon entering we were immediately greeted by a friendly informative host. We ate at the Loft section for a brunch and show. This is where our experience took a down turn. It took a half hour for a waiter to even come over and take our drinK order. Next we ordered our food and two orders were wrong, the bread was dropped on the floor , and the food was cold.  I ordered the speciality spiked hot chocolate which was supposed to come with their home made marshmallow fluff. I was served a watered down Swiss miss with no marshmallows in site. The manager apologized and said that they were short staffed. One look around the room and you could tell the majority of the tables were having the same issues.
We ended up leaving and going to China town for lunch. I will not return due to terrible service and cold tasteless food.
Me and the hubby visited City Winery Philly for a show featuring Eric Benet (12/29).  I had read the reviews and passed by it while shopping at the Fashion District.  Although the reviews were negative, I still wanted to see it for myself.

Well, as suspected the reviews were right on point with regards to the venue part.  The seating is too tight for folks to have a cocktail and an app while trying to enjoy the show.  The wine is ehhh considering Wine is in their name.  

After the show, we decided to have a night cap in the upstairs bar.  After having a glass of wine at the show, I decided to pass on another and go with a cocktail so I could have at LEAST a buzz.  I wasn't driving the hubby was my chauffer. :)   Anyway, the ambience, the stairway with the wine bottles lined up against the wall are beautiful but they will need to step it up on the wines for us wine sobs.  

Will I come again for a show, definitely, but I'll eat before and only order cocktails.
Beautiful venue.  Tables are way too close together and way too crowded.  Table Service was below average.  Waited a long time for drinks.  The server gave me the wrong drink twice.  

The band was fantastic the night I went but the worst and most unbearable part of the evening was the lack of temperature control in the room.   I visited In January.  It was so warm in there.   It made for a very uncomfortable and unpleasant evening.  They need better air conditioning or they need to install ceiling fans.  I mentioned this to the manager and he said the air was on 65 but it felt like it was 90 degrees.  Many others were complaining and fanning themselves with menus.   One of the desk people on the way out said the room gets hot when the venue is sold out.  I don't think I'll ever return but I hope for their sake, they address this temperature issue quickly.
We were in the audience for their opening night show, staring Emmylou Harris. The staff was excellent and unobtrusive and obviously very well trained. We ordered wine as well as the antipasto egg rolls ($13) and seafood diablo ($26) and both were excellent. The acoustics were great and of course, Emmylou was fabulous. It was a sold out show.
There were three downsides, and thus the four stars instead of five. It was at least 5 degrees too warm in the room. Perhaps the air conditioning wasn't yet operational? The chairs were hard metal and really needed padding when you are sitting for three hours (6:30 for dinner and an eight  to 9:30PM PM show). The last downside was the worst. The tables were too crowded and too close together. The tables are 36" square and there are four seats for each table and that is just way too tight. How are four people supposed to juggle bottles of wine and water, and glasses for wine and water, and four plates of food on a tiny table meant for two people? Apparently, this is the way all the City Winery's seatings are arranged  because I looked at some reviews of this establishment in other cities, and there were several complaints about the crowded tables. The managers need to make these tables for two people and not four people, but that would cut the profits, so it probably won't happen. 
We live a ten minute walk from this venue and we are thrilled to have such amazing musical entertainment so close to us. We would come here very frequently if it weren't for the uncomfortable chairs and the ridiculously small tables that are supposed to seat four people. So, we  will be back, just not as often as we would if it were more comfortable.
Love these buttons as it's my motto, too lol! City winery is in a great location- close to public transportation and walkable from center city. The chicken sandwich with fries was delicious- beware the pickles have a kick! I started with a classic flight, but my favorite wine was the Pinot Grigio! Cheers! Will return!
I had high hopes for this place after hearing a friend had a positive experience, but being at City Winery was honestly a mess from start to finish. We had a reservation for 10, were seated right away... they check vaccination cards/negative covid tests at the door (which is fine). We sat down ready to have a nice time. 

We learn that they were out of multiple drink items, including all varieties of sangria (which is interesting considering it's a winery). Our server said corporate wasn't giving them the appropriate ingredient items..? Okay... then they were out of multiple appetizers, leaving my friend to solely get fries for his meal. Our menus had chicken wings crossed off, we were told they weren't available, and then we watched other tables get chicken wings. Overall, the menu and communication over what was on it, was so confusing and disappointing. 

Service was poor, as other reviews state. Our waitress disappeared for a while, we even saw her leave the restaurant. If it was busy, we would understand slower service, but the restaurant was not busy or even packed. There was a man walking around with mulled cider samples two times throughout our meal, and he blatantly ignored our table each time so we didn't get to try anything. Super disappointing as well.

The food and drinks were also nothing special, with the exception of the Aperol Collins which was delicious. Their wine was not great, and the food was subpar. In fact, multiple people at our table ordered wine flights, and they weren't labeled with which wine was which. So we were left to fend for ourselves there.

If anything I would suggest getting the charcuterie board (even though it was $30) and the burrata and prosciutto flatbread ($19) which was more like a personal pizza honestly. We ordered whipped feta, it came out garnished like their hummus. There was no pita and what we were given looked and tasted like cardboard. When asked for a new one, because it was clearly not what the menu stated, they gave us feta that was a cream cheese texture, and charged us twice even though they messed up. 

Overall, not a great experience. It was a frustrating two hours.
Eat somewhere else in the neighborhood.  Sit at the bar here. The food is average...and that's generous. If you chose to sit at the smallest 4 top tables ever assembled be prepared be constantly moving plates and glasses around to accommodate your drink or plate. And you had better hope you like your tablemates..because you will be in each other's way all night.

The music is good..,but this is not the millennial version of the Latin casino or copa they hoped it would be
I was part of a large group that chose this place for a business outing. After searching YELP I was hoping that the 2.5 star rating would not live up to the night. However to say it disappointed would be an understatement. We started off with some appetizers Charcuterie plate, Egg Rolls, Burrata and the Got Cheese Frites. The charcuterie seemed to be straight from hormel, Egg rolls where almost like a ham and cheese hot pocket, Burrata was good and the Goat Cheese fritter was good just not great. 
Here is when it went way down. The server was attentive but soon got overworked and wanted to keep the table as I knew why. The place was dead. Out of the 12 or so wine options I think they were out of 5. Including Pinot Grigio and a Pinot Noir. Thinking strategically I made the switch to bourbon. 
To say I could've crushed my own grapes waiting on my drinks should let you know how slow the service was. After my watered down Bourbon on the rocks arrived we had enough. The other table got their food about the time I became 85 and looking around I knew that everyone was just wanting the dinner to end.
I have to give credit when credit is due, and this place checks off every thing you would need to have an excellent experience. I had a reservation at candytopia that was later, and saw this was close by and it just opened so decided to give it a try. Happy hour is from 5-7, and you can get it at the tables and don't need to be at the bar which is always a plus. During their happy hours all wines, apps and flatbreads are 50% off. The server did an excellent job at explaining this. We both got two glasses of red wine, which was made there and I really enjoyed the two that I got. We shared a mushroom flatbread, which I would consider more of a pizza, and enjoyed it. The antipasto egg rolls were my favorite. The fig jam bruschetta was a perfect mix of savory and sweet. 

The service was unmatched. (Kieran, forgive me if I'm wrong, but he was a sweet Irish guy) went out of his way to explain things. Made suggestions, and gave us a tour of the whole venue. I will absolutely be back, and have already made plans with friends to go.
This place is absolutely horrible! The ONE dessert I ordered took 45 minutes . There's a total of about twenty people in the entire building. No clue why it took so ling. I could've made my own dessert from scratch with the amount of time it took . The guy told us our dessert was going to be right out at 9:01 .9:21 and again at 9:29... after we ordered around 8:51.. I'm so over this place . They are terrible . Don't even bother going here !
Good music  venue, food and atmosphere but my complaint is that they try and squish 4 ppl around a clear 2 top.  In the environment of COVID that needs to be rectified. Though they do require a COVID card to enter the music venue no one wants to sit that close. Let alone share 4 plates and drinks on a 2 tip.
Have been wanting to try this place since it opened up! I was pretty impressed! It's in a great location of Philly (the Fashion District). 

We came for drinks on a Saturday afternoon. No wait at all, and we were seated at the bar. It's a very cool ambiance - barrels everywhere, wine on tap, and more! We got the wine flights for $20. You can definitely tell that the wine isn't the best quality. But for $20, we did get a decent amount of wine. The service was great, and everyone was very friendly. We had a great time here and would definitely come back again!
Totally loved this restaurant. Our server was so nice and welcoming. The burrata was so good, the pesto sauce they served with it went so good with the cheese and tomatoes, and the bread was perfect. The wine selection was great and everything I tried was very good. The restaurant was very clean and plenty of space between tables. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.
It's hard to put into words how I feel about City Winery. I left there kind of bummed because it has so much more potential than what it showed me last night. 

My friend and I had a reservation for 6pm. Right off the bat, I noticed it has a very upscale/modern look to it and I loved it. The decor was pleasant and not overbearing. There's a mesmerizing wine wall to the left as soon as you walk in leading down to the venue. I was so impressed by it. 
Our waitress came over and welcomed us to the restaurant. We asked for wine suggestions and she was pretty knowledgeable about the wine and the food menus. I placed an order for the mushroom and risotto balls to start. For an entree, I asked for the Impossible Burger. The mushroom and risotto balls were the perfect starter. Definitely recommend as a sharing option. It was too much for just me. Our waitress came back shortly afterwards to inform me that they were out of the Impossible Burger. This was disappointing... but I chalked it up and asked for the Poke bowl in place of the burger. Got a side of fries as well because I was craving them. 
The poke bowl was just alright. It was filling but was a little too bland for my liking. For $17 I was expecting something a little more flavorful. 

Service was ridiculously slow. I'm not so sure why our food took so long to get to the table but that's partially why I had to knock this review down from 4 stars to 3. 

Finally, dessert. The options were not listed on the menu so we had to ask our waitress what was available. I got the carrot cake. The texture was weird, and it tasted like it had a citrus zest. Not my favorite. Was looking forward to more cream cheese, raisins and nuts on the inside but there wasn't much of either. 
I may be back to see a show but don't think I'll be dining here again.
Today is the 4th time we ate here since they opened 2 months ago, we work in mall.
Let's talk....
Food- hummus, mushroom leek soup, poke bowl, veggie burger, reg. burger, tried 2 of the flat breads and drinks have been very good, so far no issues on taste.
Service- the bartenders, wait staff and 1 of the Managers we have encountered were all 5 star.
Length of time out of kitchen-  the hummus that's already made came out 5 mins after the pizza that was chilly. The veggie burger, 20 mins. Jacob the Manager was super accommodating and  because of him we will be back. 

The other 3 times we were here pretty much the same issue, the kitchen needs to speed up. The visits were all on a Tuesday or a Wednesday afternoon some of the slowest time periods of the week.
Terrible service and our waiter was rude!! A friend and I came here to drink wine and grab a bite to eat. The waiter came to take our order l, and we put in 2 wine flights and our food. He comes back with 2 glasses of wine instead of the flights. We explain that we ordered flights, not glasses of wine. He leaves the wine at the end of our table, comes back, and explains that the restaurant put everyone's bill on one, so the bar got confused. He took the glasses of wine he left at our table and left. That really didn't make any sense, but we kept waiting patiently. He comes back to our table and says to keep waiting, the wine flights will be out shortly. Meanwhile, he is bringing out other tables' drinks and wine flights. At this point, he stops checking on us, refilling our water, or even making eye contact so we couldn't get his attention. We finally get him to come to our table. An hour has passed at this point, so we tell him to cancel our wine flights. He sighs and gives us an attitude, rolls his eyes and walks away. RUDE! We finish eating our food, and are ready for our check. We struggle to get his attention again to ask for our check. We finally get him over to us, he goes over to make the bill, then walks over to the dish rack and starts drying dishes. We keep waiting and waiting as another half hour passes by. We get the attention of another waitress, who finally gets our waiter to make the bill. He was very rude, as we were still being nice. Will definitely not be coming here again or would not recommend this place to a friend. Absolutely unacceptable.
I'm giving it two stars now, but it has potential later. I was very underwhelmed. We came on opening weekend after hyping up the open on Fox29. We were so excited to be in the fashion district and try this new place. The menu was somewhat small and the wine menu was decent. The waitress had not tasted 1/2 of the food and she should have for input. Everything was under seasoned and bland. 
My dad initially ordered a food item and they were out of it. It was only 1 o'clock. 

Next, at a winery and we're expecting various wines, there was no Chardonnay. No Chardonnay at a winery? They didn't get it in yet. I then ordered a rosè, the alcohol content was minimal. Myself and another person had a full glass of wine and felt nothing. I believe their make their own wines, but not 100% sure. I ordered a Yards Pale Ale after and the waitress said their taps weren't set up yet. I ordered a beer in a can and she insisted on using a chilled glass. The waitress gave me a chilled small water glass that didn't even fit the entire beer. You're joking right?? Food took way too long to come out and 3/4 of the people in the restaurant were staff. Way over priced for a meal like this one. 

All I'm saying is if you're advertising opening weekend or opening at all, make sure you have all the things present on your menu.

1. Out of food items
2. No Chardonnay at the winery
3. Taps are not installed 
4. Chilled glass was a water glass

They can do better, it's a great location, but all I'm saying is don't advertise opening weekend and don't have half of your product in yet.
Stopped in when this place first opened and was excited to see they offer wine flights. Fast forward to this past Friday I went for dinner and was very disappointed. I ordered a burger to be cooked medium well, but it was very dry and over cooked. The service was very slow. I wanted a glass of Sauvignon Blanc, but was told that they ran out. I was also a little disappointed at the lack of wine options seeing as though this is a winery. When our bill came there were 2 errors so I brought them to the server's attention. She was pleasant and went to correct the bill. She came back and I realized I was still being overcharged so I had to send the bill back yet again. Not a great experience, but the venue was nice.
Came here for happy hour a few weeks ago and I'd say that the food was average and the happy hour deal is not bad. However, service was very very slow even when we were the only table there around 4, and it took about an hour of waiting around just to get our check to leave.
I went to a concert at City Winery, and I'm happy to report this is a welcome new addition to the collection of concert venues in Philly. It's a restaurant concert venue, so the food is just as important as the concert. I sat on the 2nd level, which provides perfect sight-lines for the performance, since its elevated over the other tables. Service is very friendly, but they may not have enough servers because as more people come in service becomes very slow. I was there at least 45 minutes before showtime to make sure I ate before the show started and  I still didn't get to order everything I wanted to order. My girlfriend and I decided to order shareable plates. We ended up sharing the eggrolls, BBQ chicken wings, and pretzel bites. The eggrolls were the standout star, perfectly fried and filled with cheese and pepperoni and other meats. I'll probably order that any time I'm there. The wings were very tasty as well, but a couple of them didn't have as much meat as I would have liked. The pretzel bites were delicious, but left me wanting more of them. And the dipping sauces weren't the best. A cheese sauce would have worked better. I only got in one drink order, which was a rum & coke. It came back very heavy on the rum.

The concert itself started on time, which was very much welcome. Most concerts start late. A lot of people came in late. All the late comers had to get settled and place orders, which was a big distraction,  but I can't blame City Winery for people who can't properly plan ahead for dinner and a show like 80% of us did. The sound quality of the show was excellent and it was a full 90 minute performance. 

City Winery is an excellent choice for dinner and a show. With minor improvements in food and service this would be a 5 star venue.
I went with my friends on grand opening weekend (day # dos). They have a mini bar inside the mall but the full restaurant (Main entrance is outside) is on Filbert St. 
My friend and I sampled Riesling, rosé and one more. We had a glass of Riesling and ordered the Brussel Sprouts to share. They were good and flavorful. 
I would definitely go back for live music and or dinner. 
Place is nice and love the wine bottle wall (going down the steps)
I came here for bottomless brunch with friends. I might come back, but definitely not for bottomless brunch. 

The food itself was great. I had the kung pao cauliflower and the pork belly, both of which were delicious and affordable.

The drinks and the service, on the other hand, left something to be desired. The service was so slow, and it took over 10 mins just to refill a drink. On that vein, the drinks were also mediocre. Maybe it was just for bottomless brunch, but the mimosas tasted just like orange juice, and the rose tasted watered down.

I might come back to try some of their wines or eat dinner, but I can't recommend bottomless brunch in city winery.
Nothing to write home about. Service was great and food was decent. I had the duck tacos and was under the impression they'd be pre-made. The duck came in a ramekin and there were corn tortillas wrapped in foil underneath. The raw veggies didn't go well with the tacos, and the green sauce was the saving grace.
They were out of the things i wanted, so i had settled for the tacos.
My friends said the salmon was good, but didn't like the ragout underneath and the risotto balls were good to them as well.

A bit over priced, no happy hour deals, but a nice addition to the neighborhood.
I had high expectations for City Winery, but sadly was a bit underwhelmed. First, for a restaurant that's "in" the Gallery (sorry, "Fashion District" to you newcomers"... well, it is, but you have to go to street level outside and walk half a block to get in.

We hung out in the bar area, and the bar tenders were reasonably attentive - one was lovely, the other was not so lovely. We ordered some bar snacks before heading elsewhere for dinner, and the food was good, but well overpriced for the portions and quality.

The highlight really is that they have wine on tap (yay!!), and a cute option to try a 1-ounce pour from a pricey bottle. But as it turns out, the wine on tap was much better than the bottle, so don't bother.

Reasons to go: wine on tap for happy hour before heading to dinner (skip the apps).
My mom always uses the word "insipid," and I never experienced that in Philly...until now unfortunately. Honestly the first place I've been to in Philly that I would definitely not come back to (unless its for a concert). 

I've walked by this massive restaurant many times and finally made it in for happy hour. Pretty large selection of wines and apps for happy hour which was nice. Prices are very reasonable for this part of Philly. They were very nice when they greeted me when I walked in. After we sat down, no one attended to us for about 10 min (both the tables on my left and right, who were seated after us, already had their drinks). Finally flagged someone down who helped us quickly. Food and wine came out quickly. 

Food...there was a lot of it. We presumed it was the usual center city happy hour portions and ordered 4 things. First was Mushrooms soaked in wine with pecorino and presumably rosemary. There was a slight flavor of rosemary but there was almost no flavor of the actual mushrooms. Mushrooms also had a not very appetizing appearance to them, presumably because of the aforementioned wine. Had Brussels sprouts. Tasted decent enough but soaked in oil that pooled on the plates. Also had the "roasted beets with goat cheese and orange." The beets tasted exactly like the steamed beats I got from a bag from another grocery store. Definitely don't think they were roasted either. No flavor of orange for sure. Finally had the duck tacos. They needed assembly which was nice. The duck came out in this small pot which was cool. Not much flavor to them and they were kind of stewing in some vague liquid. Came with "slaw" which was just dry cabbage bits with a slight flavor of fennel, as well as some non-descript green salsa. Tortillas were possibly house made but were rubbery and flavorless. 

Positives...huge space if you need to have a party or just don't like being cramped. Seems like it could be a nice concert venue as well and they have a host of people coming in to play in the coming months. Location is also great and their happy hour is on Fridays as well. You also get a shocking amount of food for the price. 

Poorly cooked and tasteless food and lackluster service overpower the location, space, and price at what is unfortunately the first place in Philly that I would not go back to for food.
Stopped in for a quick glass of wine before heading to dinner. Overall, I felt very vanilla about our visit. There wasn't anything wrong, but there was nothing stand out either. Being that the location is newer, I will return to give it another try! 

The wine is fine. Not great, but okay/good. I appreciated being able to order a flight to try a few options. I was a little disappointed that there is only one flight. 
 
We didn't order food. We looked at the food ordered by patrons around us. It all looked good, but portions seemed a little on the small side.

I am hopeful that City Winery will be able to pull it together before our next visit!
Total amateur hour! Terrible food, terrible wine (which they didn't even make, despite what they want you to believe), and rude staff (seemed to be a manager behind the bar). For something with "winery" in the title, they don't seem to know much about wine and are pouring garbage by the glass. There are better glasses to be had elsewhere. Now back to Vintage or Bloomsday for me!
Was super excited to try out the new Philly location! Atmosphere is cozy and chic, great artists performing, but....terrible service. My party and I waited over 30 min after ordering for our Happy Hour drinks, and another 10 for the food (only to be informed they were out of one of the items) PS--it wasn't crowded. Then we went downstairs to the venue for our show and again waited a ridiculously long time for food and drink with no apology from our server. Service was so bad that one friend in my party of 4, just didn't get her beer at all. Wouldn't the server have found it strange to bring 3 drinks to a 4 top? My friend politely said, "oh, I ordered a beer too" and the server said "uh huh", walked away and NEVER brought it. My friend finally went to the bar to get a cocktail and they gave her a hard time because we were at a table and should have our server bring drinks. Well, we tried that! Another friend was disappointed in her wine selection, but the server was seemingly gone for good so she was stuck with a $15 glass of wine that she didn't enjoy. The venue touts itself as for vinophiles, so would be nice to have servers with a knowledge of what they pour who take the time to make sure the customer is enjoying. My friend got a different wine at the bar, but was still charged for the one she didn't drink/enjoy. A classy place definitely would have comped that and helped pick a replacement. 
I am hoping these are just growing pains and that CW figures it out, but for now...eat and drink elsewhere and just come for the shows.
Went to see Dewele in Concert and was disappointed on several fronts . First , the "Winery " was out of Cabernet Sauvignon, and Riesling wine ! Second , food was   mediocre , and utensils appeared to be dirty . Third and most important the sound system in the concert room was horrible ! As a new venue I expected state of the art quality  sound , yet the sound of both the band and the vocals ere  muffled and unbalanced . 
Spoke to management about the sound , and I'd need to know that there is some improvement before going back !
Upstairs: great. Downstairs: terrible.
Friday night upstairs we had a great bartender, excellent cocktails, and a good meat and cheese board.
When we came back for a show on Saturday, everything was like the other reviews say. Four people were jammed into tables meant for two. It took 45 minutes to get a glass of wine and there were no cocktails. It took an hour to get our food for dinner and it would have been better if it had never arrived at all. It was horrible--a tasteless poke bowl and a mushroom flatbread that was just a large under baked bread with a small pile of mostly lettuce and onion in the middle. Then it took TWO hours to get our plates cleared. When we flagged down our waiter after the first hour, he said he couldn't clear our dishes because he was busy serving drinks. The music was great but this place had better get its act together. Train the staff, improve the food and don't squish strangers together at tables too small to put down four plates.
Just spent the evening at a show at the City Winery.  The space is amazing but I've given it only 3 stars for the following reasons.  The chairs in the concert venue are only 2 inches apart at best and the tables are way too small for dinner.  There's no way you could get two entree dishes on your side of this super small table and the chairs are only 2 inches apart.  The act tonight was Justin Townes Earle.  HE WAS HORRIBLE!!   While his music was pretty good he was so antagonistic with the crowd and spewed extremely vulgar language with every lother sentence.  At one point he walked off the stage because he was so outdone that someone in the crowd said something back to him. I found that to be totally unprofessional so we left early.  If you see him on the schedule don't waste your time.
Fair reviews so far on yelp. TL;DR 

Pros: love the smell of oak that invites you in. 
It's probably a great concert venue. However came on a Friday night with a friend and were forgotten for a while as no servers were assigned to us. This would have been fine but the food did not make up for it. The "roasted" beets were not caramelized/roasted - could have made these at home with microwaved my pre-peeled beets. The duck tacos had no flavor. Mushrooms were soaked in red wine but otherwise flavorless: any seasoning would have been a plus. The Brussels sprouts were a little taster, slightly burnt but mostly covered with oil. This visit did not inspire me for a return.
Worst. Dining. Experience. EVER!
If I could give negative stars, I would.

Came here before a concert and ate upstairs. Concert was at 8 pm, so arrive around 7:00 pm. Had about 10 mim. wait for a table. Things went downhill from there. It took the waiter a good 5 mins. just to come to the table. We knew we had to make a show (and even told the waiter) so we ordered four sharable plates - a cheese plate, hummus, duck tacos and mussels - when the waiter finally did come by, figuring we could do dinner inside 40 minutes and be downstairs. Particularly when we figured the hummus and cheese plate were easy ones to come out fast. Boy were we wrong. We waited, and waited and waited...the waiter swung by at 7:30 to tell they the food would be out shortly (I'd like to know how he defines shortly). By 7:45 we still hadn't received a single item, so we flagged down a manager to ask about our food. He said he'd check on it downstairs...then disappeared. He never came back until the very end after we had paid. The food finally arrived about 7:50. First out...the cheese plate and hummus. What the hey-hey? It took over 30 minutes to pull together a cheese plate that looked like it came from ACME and a bowl of very bland hummus? No sooner had those come out when the duck tacos and mussels arrived. The mussels were all dried up and looked like they had been sitting under a heat lamp. Not to mention they were stone cold. The duck tacos were okay. Needless to say, we arrived downstairs at 8:10 pm for our concert, which was already underway. During this ordeal we asked to speak to a manager, but one never came by until someone came by to bus a few dishes and I asked if she was the manager. We told her our issues, but she seemed indifferent. Said she would comp the duck tacos and mussels. Her comment was you can always eat downstairs in the venue. That I won't do because 1) the tables are really small and 2) I don't like eating in front of someone who is pouring their heart out performing in front of me. I'm just funny that way. While we were waiting for the check to come back, we noticed the table next to us was experiencing piss-poor service too. On top of it all, we ordered a "carafe" of house wine and it was way overpriced for the quality of wine you receive. On the bright side, the venue downstairs was nice and the concert was great.
I understand that they just opened but I've given them 3 try's The food is terrible the service at the bar even worse.I recommend those waiting for the train who want a drink and a quick bite continue to go to the field house where the service is always great .Im usually not one to give bad reviews but they deserved it
Really cool space! We decided to hop in here during a rain storm to grab a drink. The space itself is very modern and we noticed they have quite a few shows there which was pretty cool. On my way to the bathroom I also found that there is a truly impressive wine bottle wall that I couldn't help but stop to take a picture of!

The wine itself I felt was overpriced for the quality of it, but I expected that due to its location. The bartender with orange hair was friendly and knowledgeable and was helpful with answering any questions we had regarding the establishment. 

We ended up not getting food here and hopped over to a brewery down the street to continue to hide from the rain. I would recommend checking out as it is a unique concept to find in a downtown city.
Bland and uninspired food, untidy bathrooms, and mixed up our checks.

Came on a Saturday night at 9pm.  They ran out of several wines by the glass, which really means they didn't want to open another bottle and several menu items.  What we ended up getting was bland and uninspired.  We just had a few appetizers and sides but stay away from the risotto balls and the cheese and shells both of which lacked flavor.  

The atmosphere is nice and on a Saturday night you can hear each other during conversation since the dining room was not too busy.  And after tasting the food i was not surprised why.  The bathrooms were a mess with a loose toilet seat in one and no soap in another.  On top of all that, they messed up while splitting our check.  The only saving grace is their wine flight, which, for $20 you get 4 pretty descent pours and the brussels sprouts were pretty good.

This is by far the worst dinning experience I've had in the city.  I can't speak to their concert venue as I've never been but on dining alone this gets the hardest of passes.
Just got home from dinner and the first live performance at City Winery. Emmylou Harris was a sold out show, and this was a wonderful venue to listen to an artist I have been following since 1978. The music venue is why I gave 4 stars. The sound was awesome, and the tables were placed in a way that no seat was a bad seat. However, the room was really full and got hot as hell. We watched Emmylou's usually perfectly coiffed hair become bigger and frizzier as time passed. Still, she persisted, performed well and was venerated by her audience.

The tables are narrow, but we were all cooperative arranging our glasses and plates. Our table mates had to shim one leg of the wobbly table to prevent wine glasses from suddenly tipping. The back of my daughter's chair had a corner of the veneer missing.

The food was just okay. The goat cheese risotto balls were okay and we won't order them again. The house pinot noir was good. The cabernet was a proper cabernet. My daughter's hamburger was generous and tasty. I know this because she's 12, and even though the burger was the size of her head, she ate the whole thing. The fries were okay...kind of mushy.  The duck tacos sounded excellent, but were disappointing. The duck came in a ramekin with a side of veggies, soft tortillas wrapped in foil, and a green chile sauce. You have to build your own taco, which was fine, but the tortillas were a bit soggy, allowing the raw veggies to poke through. The duck was good, especially with the chile sauce, but the combination of everything felt wrong. It was also too expensive considering the wee bit of duck. 

The service was really pleasant but slow. We waited about 20 minutes for drinks, 45 minutes for our food, and the waitress needed to be reminded half an hour later after asking for a Coke refill. I suspect that this will improve as they fine-tune their processes, and the staff is cut some slack since this was the first live show they were working. Everyone was cheerful and pleasant and worked very hard to make out experience a good one.

We'll be back because it's a great music venue, but I hope they resolve the HVAC issue. We had to step out into the vestibule a couple of times where it was easily 15 degrees cooler.
Really wanted to love this place but if I could give it less than 1* I would. The majority of the staff  were lovely and conscientious, but I knocked off  4* due to the pervy manager Eric who I over heard talking about his suspicious rash! Doesn't  sound hygienic or professional Eric - I wouldn't recommend if you don't like weird guys lurking around.
After my last review the owner reached out and hoped I would come back for another try and gave me a gift card for dinner. Unfortunately I still stand by my 1 star review. 

Service was at least quicker this time. Two of us went for dinner. Relatively empty. Ordered the egg roll appetizer, the chicken saltimbocca, and mushroom pizza. Food took quite a while to come out. For some reason the app came out with the entrees. The appetizer tasted OK but was soaked in oil which dripped out as you bit into it. The sauce that came with it was mostly mayo with some other unidentified condiment mixed in. The chicken was thick, overcooked and dry. Bacon wrapped around it didn't add much. The risotto it was on was pretty good to be fair. Also came with a side of the CW mushrooms which were still quite blah. Then the pizza...they somehow messed up a pizza! Couldn't taste the mushrooms. The cheese had the consistency of ricotta but didn't taste like much and gave everything a mushy quality. White pizza so no sauce, but it also didn't taste like garlic or oil or anything. Also got a carafe of rose to go with the meal which was OK but definitely not worth the hefty price tag. 

Speaking of price tag, this whole meal cost 120$! You can get a meal 100x better for 2/3 of the price in many Philly establishments. To top it off, the bathrooms were quite disgusting with toilet paper everywhere and a filthy seat not worth sitting on. If you're going to charge that much money for things, at least have a fine dining establishment. 

On another random visit to just the bar, they charged me the wrong amount of money for my order, and didn't even tell me before charging the real cost (20$ more) on my card. Also everytime they steam their glasses, the steam billows out to the people sitting near it which smells terrible and is quite unpleasant. They also never brought me the water I asked for. 

Once again, over priced and tasteless if not downright bad food. To quote the person I went to dinner with later that night, "I hated it. Why did we eat it all." Please do yourself a favor and walk either two blocks up and go to China town, 2 blocks down and go to center city, or heck, just go to Wawa. The worst part is that this place seems to get pretty consistently bad reviews especially compared to its competitors in the area and nothing has changed since the last time I went there.
First time here, I was in town to see a performance here (Tony Lucca). I had the antipasto egg rolls. DELICIOUS! I am not a wine drinker so I was happy that they did have a full bar in there.  The bathrooms could use a little more cleaning during busy hours.  They are all gender bathrooms which is fine but let's face it, men make a mess around the toilet.  I wasn't too fond of the bathrooms for that reason.  The servers were great, they were on top of everything and the food was served quickly.  The actual room was a sauna.  It was so bad tbe artist had to take a break because of the heat.  The only air flow that's there is when they open the doors when the artist isn't performing.  So the bathrooms and the Heat problem are the only issues.  Food is great, drinks are great.  Def do recommend people go here if in town or if they live here.
Came here with my husband over the weekend without having made a reservation. We were excited to try out this cool new place in the fashion district.  As soon as we walked in we could tell things were a little chaotic. The hostess seemed very overwhelmed and it took her just a few minutes to seat us. While we waited we witnessed what sounded like a nearby table's entire bill being comped and the guests getting an apology. 

When we were sat at a table our waiter let us know that it would be a few minutes before he could put our drinks in because the tab for guests who were previously sat at our table hadn't been closed out yet.

We were understanding of all these things since it's pretty common for the unexpected to occur at a new establishment. 

I ordered a wine flight and my husband got a red wine and then a port. For the wine flight I was told pretty much that I had to stick to what was on tap. Nothing really stood out to me. Of all the wines we enjoyed the port the most in it's cute little 2oz pour. 

We ordered the Bavarian style pretzel as a light bite and were told that it would not be a pretzel but instead pretzel bites. The menu said it came with a house made Dijon mustard, a beer cheese, and a sweet cream cheese dip. The two yellow dips tasted like regular yellow mustard, then maybe a spicy Dijon mustard, and we weren't sure what the brown dip was, assumed it was the sweet cream? We asked when the waiter came back and he said that the brown chunky dip was the beer cheese, and boy were we confused! As far as the pretzel bites, not very impressed. They were super greasy and to be honest I'd go for movie theater pretzel bites before touching these again. 

I'd definitely come back to try any new wines, but not so sure about the food if it's at all like our Bavarian pretzel bites.
Last night, I celebrated my birthday early by scoring tickets to Elle Varner's concert. Thanks to my bestie, Gina, I did not need to pull out my glasses to see! It was the 7:00 pm show, so we got some interesting apps before the happy hour specials ended. She is not a fan of the City Winery's  dry rub style chicken wings. . . The flatbread pizza was different, but it was all half-priced. The wine was the best thing about the happy hour specials. I like the wine list. Anyway, Elle was about to start when our server commented that the concert was only one hour! I've never been to a 1-hour concert in my whole life! Elle was wonderful but it felt rushed. We felt cheated and suckered out of almost $80! Again, Elle's set was fun, energetic and what I expected. My friend and I were so disappointed with the length of the show however. Apparently, most shows at that venue are never more than 90 minutes. Fair warning.
Went to City Winery for the first time Saturday night to see Eric Hutchinson who is one of my absolute favorite artists.  Being able to see him in a 300 seat venue would warrant 5 stars just on its own but this new spot does mostly everything right.  
Parking: there is an outdoor lot at 10th and Arch that is a very short walk to the venue.  We paid $20 on a saturday night.
Seating: as you can see on the website, it's long tables of 8.  We were seated in the back so we had no one behind us.  I think as long as you are on the end and not crunched in the middle, it's fine.  The seating definitely wouldn't keep me from going again.  Some at our table did chat during the show  so keep in mind if that would be bothersome to you.
Sound: amazing.  The room has acoustic panels on the ceiling and the sound was just fantastic.  It was more than loud enough and we were in the back by the bar.  Might be a little too loud if you are all the way in the front.
Food/Service: they have wine bottles with corks on the tables and you put the cork in the bottle for service.  This system worked flawlessly for us.  We had a cheeseburger and the kale salad.  Both were excellent and came out quickly at the appropriate temperature.  We did order steak on the kale salad and I would NOT do that again.  They use ribeye which is way too fatty to eat in very dim light.  Next time I would do chicken or shrimp.  Fries that came with the burger were really good and meat came out cooked to our preference.  We had beers (decent selection of about 10) and  a coffee which was shockingly good.   Very strong with many sweetner choices.  They also have standard mixed drinks. Our waiter was very attentive to us as well as the others at our table.
Visited here during the fall time around when they opened up and I have to say my experience was "eh". It wasn't anything special. My friends and I did not get any wine since it seemed a bit pricer. For some people, the price would warrant the value of it. 

In terms of food, it was a bit disappointing. I ordered the vegetarian impossible burger with the server's recommended of the meat temperature. It was one of the worse burgers that I have had. None of my friend enjoyed their meals. The atmosphere is great music shows and performances.
Okay let's start with how beautiful this place is. Right near the new mall Fashion District. It's so well designed and they really put a lot of love into it. You can obviously tell. Super spacious and plenty of seating. Everyone and I mean everyone there is super friendly. From the hostess to the servers, bartenders and I assume a woman who was super helpful but did not wear the same attire as the others was a manager. 

There's two music venues in the restaurant. One downstairs and one on the main floor so you can have two separate concerts going on without disturbing the other. We chose the one on the main floor and saw the Vindy's. They're a talented band from Ohio. We had a good time. Great time. 

Okay... so unfortunately the food was not great. We ordered mussels, fries, Mac and cheese, mushroom, brussel sprouts, pretzels and eggrolls.

Fries- I truly felt like they were old fries that were sitting around for a bit. Honestly worst fries I've ever ordered. 

Mussels- they weren't terrible but they sure did lack in flavor. I requested no bacon in it but there sure was bacon in the broth. Maybe that was a simple mistake. 

MacNCheese- lacked flavor. 

Brussel sprouts- I'm not exactly sure what they were doing for but the feta on top didn't help. 

Pretzels- they were pretzels.. they were fine. 

Eggrolls- super salty.. wasn't edible.

Mushrooms- I didn't try it but my friend didn't rave about it.

The best item we ordered was the bottle of Moscato. Delish. 

Here's the thing.. I RARELY ever add salt to any of my dishes when I eat out... but I used a whole lot of salt during dinner here. If the food was better or even average this place would be amazing. Seriously. It's beautiful. 

Maybe after they work out their kinks I'll head back over. It's worth another try.
This place is fantastic! Went there with 10 other people to see Rodriguez. The show was amazing but even more amazing is the service and the food. Not sure why people are giving this place five stars because it's so deserves it. Will definitely go again and again. Oh and try the city bubbles, their version of champagne. It is wonderful.
I was anxious to try this new restaurant considering the renovation that was recently completed in this area.  The restaurant is hugeee and has several other spaces, but this review focuses on the main dining area. I went one afternoon with my friend and it was pretty dead but it was midday of a workday so not surprised. The service was amazing our waiter was very friendly. So being that this is a winery I had to try their Wine Flight. Previous pictures made the cups and pour seem bigger than they actually were so be forewarned. I liked the variety that was offered for the flight. For $20 I suppose it was a decent deal. My friend ordered a cocktail which was tiny and likely not worth it so I would say probably best to stick with wine. I had the Brussels Sprouts which I did enjoy and also the Mac & Cheese which was sort of bland. Maybe if I'm in the area and wanting a quick bite and a glass of wine I would stop in, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.
So, we have been here since 8:15. We have had reservations for months and are a party of 11. No food has been served except for a salad and it is 10p.m.  Our server is pleasant but hardly here. After the night was over not a plate on the table was given by him nor taken away. The place doesnt seem full, and other tables (who arrived after us) are getting food and multiple servers to our one. I will def not be returning. I asked for a manager, the manager took a while to come, and started damage control...the place looks cool on the inside and the food was decent once they got our orders right, other tables started to look disenchanted as the night progressed in addition to ours. I'm not sure if it was the kitchen or our server, or the usual bias of a large group or what. All I know is all the anticipation of a simple night, eating good food and having drinks with friends was squeezed outta me like a ketchup packet. 
We didn't leave until 11, still hungry, waiting for our bill.
Came here for the Michael Jackson review, the show. Whew! Top notch! The service was excellent. The food was a bit underwhelming which is why it only got 4 stars. In the future I'd probably have dinner elsewhere before and leave drinks and vibes for this venue. Definitely will be back!
I really hope City Winery does well in Philadelphia because I love the live music and the concept of the establishment. However, they're not going to succeed expecting Philadelphians to pay New York prices for small quantities. We ordered a carafe of wine for $39 and drank slowly to make it last during the sit-down show we attended. We ordered the burrata as well and for $14 we were not impressed with the tiny serving we received. I'm glad we ate a full meal before coming here because I was not about to drop another $30 for food and $14 for one glass of their wine.
City winery is has location across the country in a few major cities, it's nice to have on nearby... it looks great, it has a great name behind it, it books great talent based on the fact that it already has a name behind it but this location misses the mark. I've been here twice so far, both times for shows in their downstairs venue. The first time I ate light based on the many reviews that their food isn't great... we got duck tacos and and ordered of fries... the tacos at almost $20 were 3mini pieces of tortilla which probably equal 1 & a 1/2 for a regular small tortilla  duck in a cute mini cast iron pot and some other irrelevant things that added no value to the "deconstructed" taco... the fries were good but not nearly enough for $6 which I would think would be sharing size... in order to make it enjoyable I used the duck and made duck fries :) all is not lost... however to pay $26 for duck fries is hardly coming out on top. Well I didn't come for food so the next time I prepared a little better and did not even waste my time ordering anything since there is no required in venue purchase although they certain ask frequently enough for you to think it's mandatory... I intended I'm getting some wine however their house wine is $12 a glass for a 5oz pour wow really?? So on to the venue itself, like I mentioned earlier, it's beautiful... both time I was there I had purchased tickets far enough in advance to have great seats. The tables are small to seat 4 but it's to be expected. The lighting is nice... the sounds are pretty good as well. The way they seat in theory should run smoothly however both times I was there were mix ups with the seats... the tables should probably be labeled better. They have a wine bottle on the table with a card that you put on top when you want service... that was explained the first time and the second time my table was missing said wine bottle. Everyone around us the 2nd time around seemed to have issues with their check... overcharged or not being brought change... that was actually and issue the first time we were there as well with us... they have a lot of kinks to iron out... I will possibly return if there is a show I want to see but I will continue to plan for dinner and drinks before or afterward and hope the talent I want to see is booked elsewhere.
To review their take on the impossible burger. It's bad. Had it yesterday. Go to Milkboy and get a better version for less money and better quality food. Or burger king's impossible whopper is much better. One slice of cheese for an impossible burger cost $2. What a crappy joke. Mushroom risotto balls also poor quality and not anything special. Maybe ok at a carnival. "City Winery" sounds gourmet but very poor attempt at "good food" with the exception of their fries which were very good ... but they don't give you enough to justify the price (they were a side to the impossible burger). Try to eat anywhere else before coming here for a show. If you're coming here for food, just don't come.
Out of Chardonnay and an Orange Crush cocktail.  Waitress told us the menu was outdated.... really, you've only been open two weeks.  Overpriced.
The only reason why City Wine did not get 5 stars is because the service that we received. Our server was knowingly new, on their third shift so as a service industry vet myself I knew that he was a little overwhelmed. He was sat back to back to back with 4 tables, resulting in longer wait times for requested sides and dishes. 

But that Food... that food though was SO good when we did finally receive it.  One of us has been on a mussel fix for the past week now & can't seem to get enough.

What you see:

- Burrata
- White wine mussels 
- Shrimp Scampi
I was so excited to come here today however my experience was horrible to say the least. When I came in I sat at the bar and was ignored for 10 minutes until a bartender from the other side of the bar took my drink order. When my party arrived we were seated around 8:15pm but our food was not served until 10pm. The server took our order and  he never returned. The servers were very biased and they only focused on certain tables. The food was good but it was not worth the wait and the subpar service. Overall my friend's birthday was ruined, the manger did apologize and discounted the bill but I would not recommend this place to anyone who values their time or is looking to have a good dining experience.
Went here for Zoe Keating a few weeks ago and really enjoyed her show. I ordered a few wines for myself which were pretty solid. I also ordered the impossible burger which was solid enough. Service was a bit slow and chaotic and definitely get there before the show and eat before it because it is harder to eat and get service during the performance. Overall really cool atmosphere and would stop by for more performances.
