As a lover of pizza, I've wanted to try Clarksville for quite some time. It was Halloween night and we wrapped up trick or treating right across the street and decided to dine in. Clarksville is on the small side, but its a chill place. I wasn't expecting the pizzas to be in the $17 price point, or that it would take 45 minutes to receive food. For a 45 minute wait, the pizza was ok compared to all the pizza spots in West Philly. 

Clarksville is going for a lowkey gourmet pizza spot, but is lacking some finishing touches. The crust is good, but I didn't care for the actual texture. My daughter's pepperoni pizza was great, but I didn't care for the veggie pizza my wife ordered. It was loaded with too much of one veggie and not much variety. 

The manager gave us a donut hole inspired dessert dish with a caramel dip with coconut shavings and i was fantastic. I would def go again to ry a non-pizza dish on a less busy day.
I've only had their pizza here, and it is absolutely delicious! The white pie in particular is downright addictive and savory/flavorful, and they have interesting pizza specials as well. I wish the happy hour specials would include pizzas beyond the plain one. Excellent beer selection as well. The location is super convenient to where I live in West Philly.
I was pretty excited when Clarkeville finally opened up in West Philly since I've lived in the area and figured this would be another good alternative to Local 44 when I wanted to stay close to home.

Food is pretty good, the pork pizza is by far my favorite out of the 5 I've tried. However, the service has room for improvement.

In my first few visits the service wasn't the best, but I could deal. Only slight passive aggressive tendencies which is understandable when you're a party that spends more time talking than ordering. 

But I digress, tonight which was supposed to be relaxing with a friend, I had the worst service that started off with a simple question, "What is a barley wine?". My waitress, KW (per the receipt) began by rolling her eyes behind her thick rimmed glasses and passive aggressively staring me down. She stated that "it wasn't a wine, but it was like a beer, but not really..." In disregard to that incredibly enlightening answer I decided to get the drink anyway. However, I couldn't help but notice the waitresses' lingering disposition directed at me... This continued through my time at the table. 

At first I thought I was paranoid, but when we asked for our check and two glasses of water my friends' glass had little ice and more water, while mine consisted of 90% ice. Moments later when this waitress decided to refill the glasses she filled up my friends glass, dramatically turned around and left my empty glass... well empty... 

I've worked with the public for over 8 years and I know it's not the easiest especially when you have difficult customers. But it is your job to be kind, it is your job to be accommodating regardless of how crappy of a day you are having and it's your job to make sure they feel welcomed. This waitress accomplished none of these things. I don't know what I did to set this waitress off, but I do know I will not be back.
I really like Clarksville. Its cozy, the decor is modern and the waitstaff is extremely personable. 
 
The food: 

Danger Pie.. my favorite; a thiner crust with tomato sauce and  mozzarella. If pizza could be healthy this is a healthier option because the cheese is only sporadic. I like it!

The pimento cheese Mac and cheese.. give me more! Especially that crunchy topping (yum) I have had it three times and while I love it, it hasn't been consistent. It's either not spicy, a little spicy, or it's making you sweat! Either way I enjoy it, but I wish it was more consistent.

The times I have eaten in during the week it's not too busy and the food comes out pretty quickly. Take out on a Fridays are a 45 min to an hour wait so plan accordingly and call ahead.
TERRIBLE experience at Clarkville. This place has the most RIDICULOUS policies in all of Philadelphia. We were not allowed to order drinks until the Entire party had arrived!!  For a group- this could take up to an hour. We were also told that if any person in our group was under 21, the rest of us would have to get up from our table, walk over to the bar, drink our drink there, and then come back to the table. Meaning- we couldn't have a drink with our dinner!  We decided not put up with their B.S. and left.  I will never go back and I urge you to stay away, especially if you're going with a group.
We came here on a Saturday night when there were only about 4 tables on second floor. 

We had to switch tables once in order to have a server give us a menu and he wasn't very welcoming, especially considering that this is a new restaurant and there might be some unique or exciting things about the place/menu. 

After taking our order, we waited for a long time to receive our food as well as refill on water. After a bit, we noticed our server was now sitting at the bar, eating and using his phone. We assume our server must have gotten off duty, but he didnt check in with us or let us know we would have a new server. 


Our new server was very nice but seemed to be the only one managing tables so we couldn't check in on the status/timing of our food  (we overheard 2 other groups do this). We ended up going to the bar to ask for our check and still waited another almost 10 minutes to get it.

In terms of the actual food and drink, the beer menu was solid, the greens were a bit salty, and the pizza was unnecessarily spicy (and I love spicy food) and crust too crisp. 

The frustrating part is this dining experience wasn't cheap. It stinks to pay $50+ and not enjoy the meal because if basic issues with service.

This is a new spot and it takes time to hit a groove, but we were surprised since the owners run other great places. Disappointed about experience of communication, time, and food.
I was happy to have another restaurant in the neighborhood but heard mixed reviews. 

The Good: pleasant and helpful wait staff. Quick seating and the food came out quickly. The renovations are stylish as well.

The Bad: the menu was very limited. The portions were small. The food and was nothing special and over priced. 

We had:
Coq au Vin: two small chicken thighs in a large deep bowl making it very awkward to eat. The flavor was ok.

Spaghetti: another small portion in a deep over sized bowl. The sauce tasted like Ragu. $15.

Sausage sandwich. Crammed into yet another large deep bowl.  It was pretty good. 

The lights were extremely dim so watch out for the unlit step-down in the upstairs dining room. Two of us stumbled and nearly twisted our ankles.

Also, the dining chairs were narrow and uncomfortable.

I doubt we'll go back unless we hear about dramatic changes.
Stopped in here after the opening. We only came for drinks, but our waiter wasn't very friendly. The draft list is pretty limited and has a lot of the usual suspects (yards, Sierra Nevada, tired hands). Beers are about $7 a piece. The views from the spacious windows  are nice, but overall it feels like a plain jane coffee house that is trying to be a bar. Didn't love the service or the feel of this restaurant.
A fine place to go and eat pizza. Or salad. Or both.

I've tried the Danger Pie and found it fine. Just a pizza; nothing life changing. The Honey Pie is my favorite followed by the Potato Pie. Big plus for Clarkville-unlike many pizza joints both humble and upscale, they don't burn the pies here. Not a single charred spot. The crust is on the crisp side but not so much that it tears the hell out of your soft palate and every slice is good all the way to the crust. You can actually eat the whole slice, and this statement is coming from a person who can rarely stand to finish pizza crust. The pies stand up to the toppings and won't give you that sad, flaccid hang when you pick up a slice to eat.

There are some interesting ciders on the menu if that's your idea of a good drink with a pizza. I don't care for cider or beer, but in my mind, pizza pairs best with beer and they have a reasonable selection here.

Any salad item on the menu is never a bad choice. The caramelized golden beets are subtle so if you are beet averse, these don't taste like dirt as beets often do. They come resting on a garlicky yogurt sauce you will be using any uneaten crusts to wipe off the plate.

The upstairs is a nice space for eating with a friend if you want to have a conversation. Downstairs is great for dining with a group. Either way, this is an unpretentious spot adjacent to Clark Park that makes very good pies. 

I always find the staff here earnest, helpful and pleasant.  What I find even more pleasant is ordering something to go then dining at lovely Clark Park, right across the street. Good pizza and good people watching-plein air. Always a great combination.
When I first went to Clarkville around its opening I thought that the pizza, salads, and beer selection were good (though not as good as Dock Street, a pizzeria/brewery a few blocks away).  Over the next few months I went back several times, each time more disappointed than the last. The biggest problem this place has is consistency in the kitchen and behind the bar. I've ordered the same pizza and salads and had them taste different each time (and not "good" different). Wine pours range from reasonable to sad. 

Clarkville recently opened up an outside eating patio.  While walking our dog a few weeks ago, my partner and I tried out the patio.  We were disappointed to learn that dogs were not allowed on the patio, but we made due by having our dog sit outside of the planter boxes. We walked over there yesterday (honestly we only went because it was Sunday afternoon and on Sundays Dock closes early), planning to do the same thing. We were promptly told that dogs were not allowed anywhere near the patio anymore - not even outside the barricade of planter boxes.  

Combining the decline in food quality and the uptight stance on dogs near the patio, we have decided we will not eat here again.  It would be great to have a more relaxed (and higher quality) restaurant open in its place.  Plus, we would rather use our money to support Dock Street which has superior pizza and beer - and not only does Dock allow dogs in their outside seating, but they even bring them bowls of icy water, to boot.
It's hard to not find Clarkville with its large lettering on the side of its building.  I was walking by recently and also took note of the $2 a slice of pizza during lunch hours.  It's hard to rate an establishment on just a couple of different slices of pizza but for my experience Clarkville comes right down as average.  The pizzas were okay - tried the plain and the pepperoni.  Crust was a bit chewy if you like it that way.  Toppings are extra as one might expect.  The space looks fine although it was on the dark side when I was there as the lights were not turned on - I was the only customer. I'm hoping Clarkville shows more life and flair at dinnertime.
Sad beer selection, sad prices.  Some food.
  Of the 4 or 5 restaurants these guys own, this is my least favorite.The food is good, but so over-priced for good gastropub food.  It was supposed to be a neighborhoody place, but it's way too much for anyone other than Penn profs ...or kids who don't understand value or quality, but get to spend their parents' money.
The beer thing is the worst.  The idea that they only serve stuff in pint glasses is just stupid ...not because pint glasses are stupid, but because they think that means boring beers.  That's right; despite drinking 2 or more 9% beers somewhere else, I can't get a pint of strong beer here.  Plus: no tastes (?!?)  This is Philly; one of America's greatest beer cities and you don't give tastes???  I guess the policy is that they are afraid some of their customers will abuse the privilege, so they'll treat everyone as if they are suspect.
On one of the dying days of summer, my companions and I gave Clarkville a shot. With the sun fading quickly, we entered an even darker room on the second floor. Under the dim lighting, we had ordered the Honey Pie, the Lamb Pie, and the Danger Pie.

Warning, you might be addicted to their unique flavors and impeccable tastes. Unsurprisingly, the hot honey on the Honey Pie floods your mouth with a party that gets started with the complement of bacon. Salt, sweet, and savory flavors, making for the banger of the century. The Lamb Pie brings lovers of sheep-based meats an eventful and fan-favorite pizza that will satisfy those wool animal cravings. The Danger Pie was dangerously mediocre - any mozzarella pizza will give you the same satisfaction that you would get here. 

When the meal had approached its end, one thing was glaringly obvious: a large stack of wide crusts sitting on my friends plate. While it was a waste to leave food unfinished, I completely understood; the crust is threateningly wide, leaving you with way less toppings (which are weirdly all stuck near the middle) and overall enjoyment of an otherwise flavorful pizza.

If you're craving something better than your average joe &pizza or my favorite, the glorious Dominos, you're in luck. Clarkville is the place to go (as long as you aren't countin the carbs).
I came here with my nephew last week for a good dining experience. My nephew and I decided to get something to eat before going to Clark Park across the street. 

When we arrived, I first noticed the creative and sleek décor, especially since I remember the place being a old takeout spot. 

So the waitress staff was very friendly and they asked if we wanted to sit either upstairs or downstairs. We first decided to sit upstairs however when we went upstairs we were told that they were setting up for a party therefore we decided to sit downstairs on the bar chairs that gave us a nice view of the outside. 

We got our menu and clearly the restaurant is known for its pizza I also saw that they offered brunch, fried chicken and pasta. 

I asked the waiter what were they known for and she told me that their white pie is very tasty so I decided to go with that. When our pizza arrived, I noticed how pretty and fancy it was. When I tasted it, it was different but yet delicious. The pizza had a tasty white sauce and mushrooms and we was also able to add bacon it was so good, it also had arugula on the entire pizza. My nephew said the pizza taste like a fancy grilled cheese sandwich!!

Overall I enjoyed our interesting dining experience. It's always good to try new fancy pizzas!
This place has worse food than diners, yet it is almost double the price. In fact, this is diner food. I gave it two stars because the atmosphere is decent, and their water feels refreshing.

I recently ordered their Danger Pie, thinking it would taste fresh and amazing. The pizza tasted bland and uneventful. I had better pizzas at Pasqually's or Allegro's. I don't know what kind of pizzas the other commenters had. Maybe their tongues must be made out of putty from the Power Rangers, but their pizza is NOT delicious nor tasty.

I understand that this is not a 3-star restaurant, but come on. At least make your food cheaper or tastier.

Edit: Just read that this establishment comes from the same owner of Local 44. No wonder why their food taste bland. Hipsters can't cook.
Went to Clarkville for lunch about a year ago.

Food was disappointing: edible but not tasty.

Warm Cauliflower salad was mediocre. The salad was overwhelmed by large chunks of bread which were like sponge-y slightly soggy chunks of pizza dough. Cauliflower was okay but there wasn't much cauliflower in this "cauliflower salad". This bland dish should instead be called a "bread & kale salad".

The pizza was edible but not enjoyable. I tried the White Pie. 

In summary, Clarkville's food is generally mediocre, and overpriced for its mediocrity. Given that I enjoy eating tasty food, I have zero inclination to return to Clarkville to eat. There is much better food to be had in West Philly.
So disappointed.

Unfortunately, they miss the point about a Public house as a welcoming gathering place. 

If you have a large group, they refuse to take drink orders until everyone is there, even if the place is otherwise empty. They are assiduous about carding people- fair enough. But if someone is underage, they will not serve drinks to everyone else at the table, even when everyone is eating together. 

Can't speak to the quality of the food, because their policies left too bad a taste in my mouth.
For long time Philly folks, I miss the Wurst House.
Another gastropub from the folks that run Local 44, Clarkville has a decent local beer selection, and features slices of pizza in homage to the location's predecessor. If you haven't tried the vegan Sal's Famous, you are really doing it wrong.
You better run here before I eat all the pizza and donuts!?!????

For real though. I went tonight because my best friend and I wanted to check out her new neighborhood and oh man, we will be back again!!

1. Atmosphere is great. Super philly= chill, great, craft beer,approachable staff, great food, sports ball on tv

2. Back to the beer. They had Pizza Boy on the menu which is not only from my hometown but it'd amazing. Also quite a few other impressive craft beer pouring. 

3. The pizza. Was. Amazing. We got the classic, whatever they call it. Thin, hot, sauce was good. Had the right about of burnt bubbles ( you know what I mean if you're a sucker for pizza like me )

4. Bartender and staff were amazing.

Can't wait to go back!!
Try the honey pie. Every time I go I give myself the pep talk of having other things (and I have, and it's all good) but I ALWAYS come back to the honey pie. I am a complete sucker for sweet and savory and to have this on a pizza? With the best crispy-not-too-crispy-cooked-and-just-the-right-thickness-thinness pizza crust? (I know, I'm gushing...but ohmygosh.) Just try the honey pie.
I finally made it to Clarkville & I am glad I did!  I used to live in the neighborhood many years ago and this corner spot was a popular pizzeria joint called the Wurst House! So, maybe this corner is a lucky location because Clarksville has that same magic and good food!  

I was drawn by the sign outside that stated $2 slices (count me in...lol)!  It was crowded, so I decided to sit at the bar.  I reviewed the nice locally stocked draft list and had a few while I ordered my food!  As I sat and was making my observations-I decided to have the braised meatballs (good call) w/a slice of Sal's Famous!   These were both delicious-I was full off the slice and a few brews-but the taste of the meatballs in that AMAZING SAUCE made it difficult to stop eating them!

The only reason I am not giving 5-Stars is that I had to initiate off of my orders with the wait staff and I was sitting at the bar?  Although the establishment was busy-how do you overlook the service of the patrons at the bar?

Overall, quality food at Clarkville-I would recommend and I'll be back!
I stopped by here on Saturday with my daughter for lunch. We really like Local 44 and were hoping for something similar but with more food (since that is what we read online) but the menu was very limited. Furthermore, the items on the menu were not looking very appetizing. Warm Cauliflower Salad? Blech! The server was very nice and understanding though. I hope the menu changes to some recognizable items, like even a burger would be great! We may give it one more shot and try the pizza, but definitely not the potato pizza?! Finally, the view of the park from upstairs was awesome. So, yeah - 2 stars, one for the great server and one for the view.
Clarkville has the BEST Speciality pizza in west philly called....The Honey Pie pizza.

The combination of the taste and crispness of the bacon with the sriracha honey is perfect.  This is a must order.

It certainly enough for 2 people!
I really have tried to support this local pizza shop, but I cannot any longer. I just got the pork pie to go, arrived home with it, and found a lovely burnt pizza. Did no one notice they were putting a burnt pizza in a box?  I guess it was okay since it was to go and it wouldn't be discovered until it was too late. 

Ho hum...
I've decided to give Clarkville 3.5 stars based on consensus of everyone I have been there with, not just my biased opinion.

In my biased opinion, Clarkville deserves 4.5 stars, because I'm lactose intolerant but I love pizza, and they have just about the best pizzas with non-dairy cheese. 2/3 of their menu, they can make them either vegetarian or vegan version, as well as gluten/dairy/lactose-free friendly. I've had the buffalo chicken pie with vegan mozz, and loaded veggie pie, both were fantastic and worth every penny, in my opinion.

My friend who had the Sal's famous pie said it was very good, while another friend who had meatballs said it was mediocre. Both said they were overpriced.

Their apps are delicious, but a little overpriced. Happy Hour would be a good time to get them.

The menu is small but very solid. That goes for both food and drinks. They have 10 beer on tap that covers all styles, and I could always find one or two that I love.

Service has been always good with me, but I tried to avoid weekend dinner rush.

Clarkville is not the best "pizza and beer" spot in the area, but they're special enough for me that I will keep recommending it.
Clarkville is a quaint little pizza shop at the corner or Clark park that pumps out some solid pizza and other snacks. Stopped by with my girlfriend for a quick Sunday afternoon meal and enjoyed their honey pie as well as the pan seared oyster mushrooms from the appetizer/small plates menu. The honey pie was baked to a perfect crisp and not at all burnt, with a nice balance of honey and hot sauce. Bacon was generously sprinkled all over adding a nice saltiness, although there could've been a bit more salty/savory flavor throughout the pizza to complement the honey sweetness. The oyster mushrooms, however, were the surprise star- perfectly seared and tender with tons of garlic flavor and a hint of tartness from the red wine to complement the natural, super savory flavor of the mushrooms. I couldn't get enough!

Although I didn't try any, they did have a decent beer selection that I'd be down to come back and try along with their other specialty pies.
A lower rating on here than expected. 
Especially since the specialty pizzas are awesome. 
You can sit outside or inside! Plenty of space. Not a cramped pizza shop. 
2 pies feeds 3 "normal" people. 
If you live around this place def check it out.

MY FAVORITE PIE:
It's different every time I go! But most recently   
The Honey Pie. One time long long ago they had a Trenton pie that was spectacular!

Honey pie included: Shaved brussels, bacon, cheese blend, onions, sriracha honey
Came here on a Friday evening.  Sat in the back of the middle section, next to the staircase.  However each time the front door was opened we were greeted by a blast from the cold outdoors.  It was bad enough that our table of 3 had our jackets on for all of dinner, this was February.

As far as pizza goes, we ordered 2 different pizzas and both had the same kind of cheese on top.  If you like that kind of ricotta like cheese then you would like.  I did not particularly like it.

As far as service and ambience, it's a great looking place and the servers were nice and prompt.  Not sure if I'd venture back to try more of their food.
third time's the charm? sort of! The Sal's Famous was much improved; not as salty this time :) but I went with a sausage sandwich and was disappointed with the quality of the meat again. crumbly, dry sausage--Clarkville, where are you getting this stuff from? Please get a new sausage supplier!  

I'm also worried that the beer selections have remained the same with very few rotations. three times now and I've been underwhelmed with the selections.

I'm so torn because I love the atmosphere of this place, but I guess I'll have to keep it simple with a typical beer and pizza pie!
I had such high expectations for clarkville after seeing it written up in many online articles but our experience fell SUPER short. 
 
First, our waitress had an incredibly hard time describing dishes on the menu and I actually had to step in to explain what things were to the other people in our party. 

Second, the food was just okay. The other people in my party liked their salads but the pizzas were blah. We ordered the tomato pie and sals famous. The tomato pie was bland and nothing exciting, Sals famous was extremely salty. 

Third, and this was the worst part- we ordered drinks from our server (I wish I had remembered her name) one young male ordered a beer, he was not carded. I needed some more time so i waited until the waitress came back. When she came back I ordered a glass of wine, and she asks for my ID (flattering at the age of 26) after a LONG day of moving, I had forgotten it. She told me that the restaurant was "strict" on carding. Well my response was- how can you be strict if you didn't card the other person at this table and she was incredibly rude and walked away. I am fine with carding when ordering alcohol, I never get annoyed when asked to prove my age, BUT you can't tell me you're strict on carding when you didn't card the MUCH younger person sitting with me. Needless to say, what if I told you the other person in our party who she did not card was under 21.

If you're "strict" on carding you need to be carding every individual at the table, you can not pick and chose. Im almost positive the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board would agree with me here. This whole situation would have been a nonissue if she had carded everyone and been pleasant about it. Instead she was rude, smug and unapologetic. 

Overall I will not be returning to this mediocre restaurant. Im sure the food will improve with time, and I hope they will find friendlier people to work there.
I tried this place one time about a year ago with some friends of mine during a lunch break. The atmosphere was pleasant and the employees were friendly and helpful. Being as though my friend was a transitioning vegan we order the egg plant pizza. When I mean this pizza was off the charts it was of the CHARTS!!! 

I'm not even a fan of egg plant but this pizza made me a fan. The taste was amazing and worth trying a second time. The next time I'm in the area I will be sure to stop by. I also live the fact that they have a happy hour and nice beer selection to compliment it. 

This a nice laid back place to tahr the family or for a first time date. The only reason I give it a four is because I only been here one time. Other than that it gets a 5.
I love clarkville! Usually I'll order the danger pie and take it across the street to enjoy at Clark park with a beer (or two). This particular flavor (I'm not sure about the others b/c I usually order the same thing) is the closest in texture and taste to pizza I've enjoyed while in Italy. It's not the absolute best Pizza I've ever had, but there is definitely a simplicity about Danger Pie from Clarkville that I enjoy.
This is the perfect bar for West Philly. Trivia on Sunday nights is honestly some of the best in the city. The pizza is fantastic and the bar always has a pretty extensive rotating tap. If you are looking for a classic neighborhood bar and a nice place to grab dinner and a drink just about any day of the week, this is the place to be.
No competition the best pizza I've had in Philly. The 5 cheese was impeccable and had such a depth of flavor and texture with gentle basil hints that hit the spot. The Buffalo chicken was decent but could use more chicken and less pepper. Overall a great takeout experience, we ate in Clark park just across the street. Would recommend visiting if you like Naples's style pizza
I visited philly last weekend for a couple of days and a couple of my friends recommend me to come try this pizza spot out because they had something very unique. The unique item was the Honey Pie and let me tell you it was awesome. It's the perfect balance between sweet and savory. I would highly recommend getting a pie when you are in town. I miss it already.
for the most part I thought it was pretty good, I wish the made the danger pie less spicy, I didn't mind but my kids thought it was too spicy(so make a pie more for kids).
the waiters and servers need to learn a bit more etiquette, they were handling the food over our heads, with hot food and kids thats not a very good practice. I hope they read this.
First of all the stuffed peppadew appetizer may have been the tastiest dish I have had in years...The Johnnie Hot pizza was excellent and the selection of Sterling Pig beers were awesome...And my wife discovered she likes sangiovese....Great dinner
Disappointed to say that my experience at Clarkville warranted taking the time to leave a negative review. I've thought it over the last few days to try and be as fair as possible, so here are my thoughts:

Pros: very delicious wine on tap, very generously filled glasses for $7-$9 each. They have $2/slice pizza from 11am to 3pm, although the White Pizza my friend and I got was a little bland after eating a slice or two.

Cons: the service. I hate to say it but the rudeness of our server actually ruined our evening here. I thought back on how my friend and I were as customers, and I genuinely believe we did not warrant the disdain our server showed us. We were not rowdy or disturbing in any way, not getting aggressively drunk, and when a mistake was made we weren't rudely complaining/blaming our server as it had just been a genuine miscommunication.

At the end of the day I really wanted to like Clarkville, I did and I still do. It's proximity to UPenn's campus and delicious wine will probably take me back there at some point. But I won't go nearly as often or with as great enthusiasm as it might have deserved after having such a horrible end to the night. Hopefully our server was having a bad evening, and this experience won't be repeated.
My husband and I stopped in for dinner on Tuesday night. The atmosphere was relaxed and our server was very kind and friendly, so no complaints there. We tried the danger pizza as well as a few appetizers. All the food was quite good, but I do think that this establishment would benefit from some less pricey appetizers, or at least some food specials during happy hour. In general, the happy hour offerings were not impressive. Also, the menu is set up a bit strangely and it's hard to get a real sense of whether some items are appetizers or entrees, particularly as the appetizers are a bit on the pricey side. I think this place is a nice addition to the neighborhood and just needs a few small changes to make it feel more welcoming and accessible.
Came here for happy hour the other night, and it's a nice addition to the neighborhood.

Happy hour will give you some solid craft drafts at $4 and $5 wines , $7 plain cheese pizzas but no other food deals wah. 

Food-wise we tried the Hawaiian which we were happy has no pork (although you can add it as an add on). It was with ricotta, jalapenos and pineapple. Overall the pizza was good, great crust/dough as a base but outside of that nothing mindblowing, easily finished between 2 people. We also tried the stuffed peppadews, and the peppadews themselves were great, a nice sweetness. This was served over a bed of arugula and ricotta. An inventive dish, but nothing that I would probably go after again.

Service was friendly -- but not very experienced. Each question we had for her, she had a cheat sheet. For example when asking about the specials -- and then again I had asked what type of cheese was on the cheeseboard, and each time she had to refer to her notes. Although this is a casual restaurant and most defintiely not a deal breaker, just something to note.
Pizza is truly awesome. Such a great find in West Philly. Clarkville is such a cool, funky spot; love the decor of the place. It was pretty busy on a Friday night but they were able to seat us with 15 minutes. Definitely recommend
I went here with a friend because it was a convenient stop on our way to an appointment close by. I'll never go back. We should have been warned by the "Family Happy Hour" on the menu: "The family that happy hours together stays together, as they say. Someone has to teach your kids about the value of a dollar, it might as well be you." Uh...no. This is not where I want to go after work and need a drink. There was a family of five who had one dirty diapered in a stroller and the other two running around the place hiding under tables. I was not expecting a Friendly's or Applebees let alone a Chuck-E-Cheese. The Yuppies and their offspring have taken over. Go somewhere else.
I man seated me at a table outdoors and I waited for over 15 minutes for someone to at least come offer water or take an order. Eventually got up and left. Would have loved to actually leave a review on the food, but they never gave me the opportunity.
I really want to love clarkville, but inconsistencies in service, quality and preparation of food just make it not worth it. In design, the menu is great but there seems to be a lack of quality control or oversight in the kitchen. 

The warm cauliflower salad seems to be different every time - one time someone must have added way too much chilli oil, and the salad was so spicy we couldn't eat it. Alternately, for takeout there always seems to be a mistake with our pizza order and it always seems cold when we get there at the time they tell us... It's great that they offer daiya, but they need to understand that it's not just vegans who enjoy it! No dairy doesn't always mean vegan... we are always very clear about this over the phone but somehow the message often gets lost. 

Food is also often way too salty. 

Clarkville, I want to be a regular, but it just isn't happening yet...
First timer at Clarkville! Ordered the white pizza for delivery. It was tasty and I'd def get it again. Wish there were more shiitakes on top but the quality of it all doesn't leave you wanting, especially when you bite into a pizza puddle of creamy ricotta.
Definitely going back! We had the lamb pizza and fried chicken. Both were very good. I look forward to going back and trying some more items on the menu.
Lovely place! I don't understand the low-ish ratings of this restaurant -- it's a great new place with terrific pizza and a warm friendly atmosphere. We've only tried the pizza and the various vegetable sides and salads, and we've never been disappointed. Okay once -- I didn't dig the meatballs on one of the pizza we got last time. 

We almost always go for whatever special pizza or veg/salad the chef has cooked up. Last time we had a pizza with thinly sliced sweet potato and parmesan cheese (among other things) on it; I'm not a white pizza lover but I loved this one. First time we went we got a Hawaiian pizza. It was like the first Hawaiian pizza I had since I was 12 years old and thought it was the coolest invention ever. It was excellent. One cautionary note: the chef here seems to have inherited the Local 44 chef's obsession with jalapeno peppers (love you Local 44 chef but seriously I can't wait until your love affair with jalapenos has evolved into something more polyamorous). But it's all good. 

There's lots of bar space, and I think at some point it's going to become the new cool spot for happy hour. I'm looking forward to seeing what sort of personality the happy hour acquires. The place definitely has the everyone-is-welcome vibe that Local 44 has. For eating, I like to go upstairs to sit at a proper table etc., since it's all about the food for me. There's a bar upstairs that has lots of space and a chill vibe. It'd be a good space to meet someone for a drink when you actually want to talk with them, or meet a date/pre-date sort of thing. 

Enough about the ambiance -- the food is terrific! My other half declared the pizza better that of Dock Street (gasp!); I think I agree, but I have to do more research first. I can say I think it's as good as Dock Street, which is saying a lot. Keep it up Clarkville!
Stopped here for pizza night with the family 

Ordered three pies 

Danger pie ....Perfect 
San....really good pizza well balanced 
Pepperoni pizza ...amazing 

All three pizza were great ...fast service ..and comfortable and creative environment 

Lots of parking 
Easy to find and worth the drive ..will go back
I really really wish I could have liked Clarkville. I'm a big fan of Local 44 and when I heard the owners were opening up a new pizza place just down the road I knew I had to check it out. But after three visits, each ending with "hmmm...that was bad, maybe next time it will be better" I just can't rationalize coming back ever again. Maybe fourth time's a charm?

The restaurant itself is very beautifully decorated with adorable bunny artwork adorning the walls. However that's where the pleasantries end.

The service can be very hit and miss. One time my friends and I were seated promptly and got our food and drinks right away. The next visit our food took nearly 1 1/2 hours to come out, despite them not being very busy. The third time we got seated and served quickly but our waiter was quite dismissive of our questions (my girlfriend asked what ricotta salata was on the broccoli rabe and the waiter bluntly said "Its like shredded cheese". Knowing the flavor and amount would have been helpful...)

I've tried several items on the menu and honestly the only thing I can honestly recommend is are the cheese stuffed peppadews.

Here are my thoughts on the rest of the food:
Blistered Long Hots: Overly salted and not very "blistered"/roasted. I had a small bite and could eat the rest due to how salty they where.

South Philly Pie: Little bits of meat on a cheese pizza. The cheese itself was quite good however the meat was more gristle than meat. 

Warm Cauliflower Salad: The flavors just don't seem to go that well together. Its not the lack of flavor that was the problem, just the combination.

Marinated Broccoli Rabe: Unlike the cauliflower salad this dish didn't really have much flavor at all. I felt like I was eating cold limp leaves.

Sal's Famous: Decent pizza. Honestly its not like it was a bad dish, its just that there are better and cheaper options close by.
Secretly this place is exactly what you wanted to go to like four years ago. If you had to go somewhere and get beer, the growlers at Clarkville aren't that bad. However, they only full growlers that bear the name Clarkville. No outside growlers or the five dollar one you picked up from the Philly Home Brew Club.
I'm not going to get too far into the cuisine, but it's a bit like Abufad in Fairmount and a tweak juicier than Dock Street just down the street.
Cute place, very well decorated and nice atmosphere. I came here with my friends and we enjoyed our pizza very much. They had great flavors. They had a really good sour dough bread. 

Recently returned .... again did not disappoint! Excellent caramelizas golden beets. The pizza was wonderful and the staff was outstanding!!
I came here a few days ago after going to a nail salon nearby. It has a great location on the corner near Clark park. There's nice outside seating but I chose to dine at the bar. The server/bartender was pleasant and attentive. I started with a Caesar salad which was THE BEST I've had at a restaurant. The housemade dressing was great, walnuts and pickled red onion a very nice touch. I was impressed especially with the portion, I got the $10 small and it became my meal. GET THIS SALAD. My friend had the pork pie, it looked really good. I must admit I'd rather have pizza from dock street but this place is solid. Great beer selection and an overall cute hipster spot. If you're gonna pay for pricey craft pizza this is a place to do it. I'll be back for the salad, beer and ambiance.
Typically I'm not in the area, but my wife and I participated in a wedding rehearsal, and the dinner was at Clarkville, a trendy, hip pizza place close to the University of Sciences.  

We didn't order off the menu but were provided with a variety of different pizzas, cheese, hawaiian, sausage, veggie, etc. The crust was thin and everything was fresh.  It was a FRiday evening and it got relatively busy but there wasn't a wait.  

I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to come here, but wouldn't mind coming again.
I've eating in, and ordered takeout, multiple times from Clarkville. 

Overall, Clarkville is a great addition to the foodie scene in Spruce Hill, if there is a foodie scene. Everything I've tasted has been excellent with standouts being the warm cauliflower salad (who'd expect cauliflower salad to to be so good?), the stuffed peppadews (stuffed fresh cheese and seasoned bread crumbs), and both the Danger and Pork pie. The "standard" Sal's Famous pizza is OK as a $7.00 happy hour special, but not something I'd order at the full $12.00 price. Often, a standout pizza of the day will pop up such as a chicken cutlet, broccoli rob pie.Take-out orders are prepared with the same quality and packaged with care. 

Table service is attentive, however, it seems to lack at the downstairs bars. During the slow part of the night I'd expect faster drink service especially with the ratio of employees to customers.

What really drops Clarkville from 5-stars to 4-stars (and possibly 3-stars) is the consistent under-pouring of beers. Though I do understand the beer list does not indicate serving size (such as a pint of 12 oz pour), if you are going to serve beer in a pint-sized shaker glass at least make the attempt to fill the glass with 80-95% beer and not 75% beer and 25% foam or empty space. I am not sure if this is due to lack of bartender training, laziness, or a bad draft system but it is a consistent issue during each visit. I can be somewhat tolerant of this issue during happy-hour when I am paying $4.00 for a "pint", but I refuse to drink here otherwise due to the under-pours.

Edit: Downgraded to three stars. The pizza is a bit too rustic and crust a bit to burnt to recommend.
6 of us on a beautiful late summer weekend after ParksOnTap. Greeted warmly despite the place being packed. Ordered beers from their diverse options. 3 pizza pies for the table. All excellent. Great service, super friendly folks there, excellent vibe. Would strongly recommend.
I really wanted to like Clarkville. I truly did. I had heard nothing but good things about it from friends. 

However, the first time I went to this locale the pizza I had looked like it had been burned at the stake. I thought to myself, maybe it's a fluke? Maybe the chef is having a personal crisis? Maybe today was just busy. No, each of the subsequent 3 times I went my pizza was just as blackened.

The toppings were all varied and interesting and the service itself was good. But I just can't get past the overcooked crust. If this doesn't phase you or it excites you, then by all means roll on through! But if you can't stand that particular taste then I recommend you find another, better, less charred pizza place.
Really amazing pizza. It's stupid that this place has such a low score. Not much else to say.
I have no idea why the rating is low on this place. This restaurant is absolutely phenomenal and I love the ambiance. It's a really nice, clean place, right next to the Clark park, where there is always a concert or movie for free. I highly recommend coming here for a date night out or with the family. The beer list is solid and the pizza is so tasty, and I am very particular about pizza quality. They also have a rewards program: if you buy 10 pizza pies, you get one for free. The happy hour prices are good, and they do two dollar slices of pizza from 11 AM to 3 PM. Def worth a trip!
Clarkville is a very welcome newcomer in a neighborhood where restaurant openings are still fairly infrequent. 

The restaurant, whose staff was both helpful and friendly, offers a limited menu of interesting dishes. Small plates, salads, sandwiches, and creatively-topped pizzas are all available. There is a good craft beer selection and a handful of wines by the glass (though we hope the wine offerings will grow - there is still nowhere to get a good, interesting bottle of wine in the Cedar Park neighborhood). 

Prices are all very reasonable. And they're open until 1 am, seven days a week. A decent, late-night bite to eat is tough to find in this area, so this was a nice surprise. 

On a recent visit our food was good, but not quite great. And the coffee could stand for an upgrade. That said, though, the place is brand new and they're offering a totally different point of view than any of the other places nearby. We're very glad to have them in the neighborhood, and will certainly be back.
finally tried the white pizza and it was incredible! and I can get takeout here?? even better!! best pizza in the neighborhood.
I was and am very happy that this place opened.  We went for a late dinner and some beers.  

The Good: A lot of beer of tap.  Good music.  Low key vibe.  No tv's - this is good in my opinion because it keeps you focused on the people you are with.  

The Bad: We ordered the house made mozzarella and The Danger Pie.  In the descriptions they both read that they come with sea salt.  I enjoy properly salted dishes and I know sea salt is powerful but perhaps the chefs went overboard on our dishes because the salt overpowered everything else.  Additionally, I question why they substitute basil with an overly liberal amount of oregano.  I feel like that's a no-no when it comes to pizza.
12 for a pizza the size of a small at dock street.., are you kidding? Menu options are underwhelming and limited. Dock street is over priced but size and quality make it excusable. Won't be here again
Food is good and arrived quickly, yet the description of it on the menu wasn't quite accurate. The cauliflower salad is really a kale salad with little bits of cauliflower in it. The mushroom ragout is not a ragout, but spaghetti tossed with a sprinkling of mushrooms and lentils. Tasty, just not quite what I expected.
This restaurant is terrible. The mozzarella was literally the blandest thing we have ever eaten--zero taste. The pizza was below average cardboard. Least flavorful crust, terrible texture, flavorless cheese and literally nothing redeeming. This place is SO BAD. If you want the worst of it, we dare you to try that jam they serve with the mozzarella bread.
Came back to Clarkville this past weekend and my solid 3 star review remains. I wanted to be wowed, but the featured sausage pie missed the mark. The crust and dough were delicious, like last time, and I enjoyed the vegetable toppings and sauce, but there was something off-putting about the sausage. It was really crumbly and mushy, and reminded me of tofu. It was kind of unexpected in a bad way. 

That being said, the appetizers were wonderful. We tried the pork croquettes, served with a tangy Asain-inspired dipping sauce (kind of random among the Clarkville menu, but I went with it). The pork was crispy and delicious. The stuffed peppadews are tasty as well, and perfect if you love ricotta cheese as much as I do. My one criticism is that the dish could have been seasoned more, maybe by adding some olive oil/salt/pepper/italian seasoning to the ricotta. 

I still love the ambiance of this neighborhood spot, and I'll keep coming back until I find a dish that hits it out of the park.
Overall: Rude servers, slow service, & average pizza 

Our server was way too condescending and pretentious to match the mediocre food being served. There are far superior pizza places with servers that are actually polite in University City alone. I will not be returning and you should not waste your time with this place.
There is nothing wrong with Clarkville. I remember the somewhat seedy establishment that stood before it and Clarkville is a welcome sight with its bright colors, tidy planters and outdoor seating. It further propagates the image of a cozy West Philly as it converges with the Green Line Cafe and Clark Park at the corner of 43rd and Baltimore.

At the same time, I didn't find anything especially outstanding about it either. The pizza pies tried that night (Eggplant and Hawaiian) were tasty, but they weren't hands-down the best pizza I've ever had. I thought the inside was a bit too dim, but that's probably because this place slants more towards a bar than a true restaurant. There is a whole floor of seating upstairs with a giant skewed rectangular-shaped table running down the middle which I thought was an interesting piece of design. Despite the slow pace of the weekday evening it took a strangely long time for us to get our check, although importantly the food came out quickly. Most pies are between $12-14 and are cut into 6 slices. A small person (cough me cough) will eat 3 slices and call it a night. I also appreciate that their takeout boxes are recyclable cardboard instead of the usual low-quality plastic or the dreaded styrofoam.

To conclude, Clarkville is a cool venue, but if you're hankering specifically pizza I think there are better options.
I basically could live here if there were less stringent zoning restrictions. Always something good on tap. In the course of the last week, I have been here three times and eaten great things each time. Recommend chicken, pimento mac & cheese, the White Pie, and the take-it-home Pinot.
Stopped in for happy hour and was starving! I love Local 44 and was excited to see the menu offerings because I appreciate Local 44's attention to homemade deliciousness. The beer and wine offerings were limited but the choices were good. The menu was very limited and I usually don't think of that at as a downside, but for this place it was. Limited menus usually say to me that the place is working hard to offer the freshest and best prepared dishes with lots of attention to detail. The pizza was good- Not Dock St good, but solid good. I was hoping to see some essential must haves on the menu like a burger, wings, something substantial. They came up short. We had several pizzas. The cheese plate was nice but so so small for the price. AND the picnic snack plate! Offered vegetarian or meat, I should have chosen veggie. When there is NO description and you expect pleasant surprises...you should not be getting an entire mason jar of chicken liver pate and a half pound of the atrocity known as "head cheese". I get that some people like that stuff, but when it's offered on the menu with no description...organ meats should not be a surprise! I was expecting maybe something more commonly offered as "snacks". YUK. It was overpriced and I left hungry. The ambiance was nice though.
Food was amazing. Service was great. The stuffed pepadews were literally like crack. I coulda have eaten a million of them. The place it amazing as well, great ambiance, beautiful decor. I can't Say a bad thing about this place. Their pizza of the day was so flavorful. 10/10 would go back.
I love this place. However, I don't have any reason to go there anymore. I have no idea why they stopped making potato pie pizza and replaced it with a non-veg option. It was my favorite pizza. I don't think so I am going again unless they start it again.
The pizza is delish and they have great vegan options!!! The warm cauliflower salad is big and delicious!!!
ive given this place several chances. its is expensive and lack luster. pizza crust is floppy and wet. the pasta dish ive tried on another occasion was decent but definitely not worth the money, and it was a small portion. i would not order again and after the last pizza  will not be going again.
Exceptionally terrible service this past Friday night. Around 7:45 they were not unusually busy, and my friend and I were seated outside. 
We ordered 2 salads, the Caesar and the warm cauliflower, and the pie of the day. Nothing crazy. 
Our food took over an hour to come out. We were content to chat during this time, fortunately for them. When I politely asked one of the waiters (he was seating people too and kind of running around so not sure what his role was for sure) if he thought our food would be out soon, I got nothing but sass in return: "Well, I would imagine so."
Thanks, pal! I work with the public every day. I wasn't being rude or demanding, and since all that time had passed, I was perfectly within my rights to ask for an update. I didn't expect the attitude along with it.
When our food came out about 15 minutes after the sass, he chimed in again "here it is!" with more sarcasm than sincerity. No apology either. 
Our waitress was very sweet, but our waters were only refilled once in the entire 2 hours that we were there. 
As for the food, the Pie of the day had some intrigue. It was a white pie with asparagus, onion and blue cheese. The salads were underwhelming. They used to serve the Caesar as a stalk of romaine, which I loved. On Friday it was in a bowl with so much dressing it was almost inedible. Every piece of lettuce was caked with dressing. Not my favorite. 
I come to this place a lot, for sit down dining and for take out, and I was very upset by the level of service. I can't say I'll be back again soon.
I wish I could give 2.5 as my entire experience here was very 'meh'.  Not good, or bad, just meh.  The highlights included the pizza and the cheese on the charcuterie board, the lows included a limited beer menu and a waitress more concerned with clearing the table then taking (refill) orders.
Was at my friends in West Philly and we decided to order pizza for delivery.  For 4 of us we were ambitious and ordered 3 pies- Danger pie (basically their version of margherita pizza), eggplant and loaded potato.  While the pies were larger than expected (bigger than personal pies at Vetri) I ended up being glad we got so many as we all were so impressed we inhaled slice after slice.  Loaded potato was so flavorful but still not overly heavy or creamy.  Eggplant was loaded with veggies and great spices and sauce.  But, my favorite had to go to the Danger pie- perfectly charred crust on the thinner side but sturdy enough to hold the flavorful sauce, amazing cheese (just the right amount), and dusting of seasoning on the underside of the crust.  Definitely recommend this place for delivery!
Excited to finally try out Clarkville last night. I've lived on Baltimore for the past 2 years and was witness to the demise of Best House pizza and this new pizza joint that would eventually take its place. Clarkville was on my list of places to try but I didn't find myself here until last night, after my boyfriend and I were rejected from 5 other outside eateries. We made it for happy hour and while I am all about $5 wine and $4 beer, the food selection was limited to one $7 cheese pizza and.....a kid's meal?

It was clearly evident when we walked in that happy hour belongs to the kids. It was like a circus. There was a caravan of strollers parked right by the entrance. Boyfriend and I had a nice window seat on the first floor, and although I loved the view I did not love the loud, noisy kids. There was one group in particular sitting at the middle table with a little monster who screamed every 20 seconds. Coupled with the loud music, it was difficult to have a conversation. Not a very relaxing atmosphere for an after work snack and beer. 

I get it, there aren't a lot of sit-down pizza joints in the Cedar Park area. I've walked by Clark Park many times during the day and then does it look like a chill, nice spot to have a drink and hangout. I don't fault the place for this and if you read some earlier reviews you got a bunch of people complaining it isn't "kid-friendly". However, I will avoid coming here during happy hour unless I want to once again remind myself to never have kids.

The beer list is small but interesting. As per most places they only had one cider and it was decent. The cheese pizza we ordered was small but filled us enough that we were less hungry than when we came in. Took a while to get to us. A little over half an hour but it was pretty busy. The server was friendly and informed us when a new server would be taking care of us.

Clarkville is still pretty new and their small but expensive menu will most likely bring me back for an afternoon lunch or a very late night snack.
Clarkville is a great spot I stumbled upon mid-afternoon on a Monday. Needless to say it was quiet, but there were still a few guests at such an off-peak time. The layout is open with lots of light, and includes a second floor that I did not even venture upwards to inspect. The outdoor patio is promising - though no alcohol can be served outside. From the looks of the liquor license request in the window, they may be working to resolve this.

The pies are a decent serving size that could feed two moderately hungry people, or as I did - leftovers can be taken to enjoy later on. I had the Hawaiian Pie, and it was tasty! Normally I'm hit or miss with ricotta, but the ricotta with the pineapple and jalapeño was not completely overpowering and melded well together. The crust was soooooooo perfect. Crispy and light - I'm a big fan.

Since I'm new to the area, the beer list provided enough variety that I was satisfied with the approximate dozen offerings. I'll certainly be returning!
there we go, Clarkville! They have really perfected the Sal's famous. Delicious sauce and crust!

2.5 stars for service...our waitress was incredibly nice, but they forgot our order of Fried Chicken (voted best in Philly for 2016 apparently). I understand it was a busy night with Shakespeare in the Park in Clark Park, but that's really no excuse to forget orders. 

I'm glad to see that their pizza has improved, it may be the best option in the neighborhood!
We came here for a Tuesday happy hour, and I liked it a lot. There is plenty of space, which is far nicer than the crowded scene at sister restaurant Local 44. The decor is clean, minimal, and modern. 

The happy hour deal was quite good, I felt. $4 draft beers (and great craft ones, at that), $7 cheese pizzas (quite sizable). 

We had very efficient and polite service, which was a plus. 

We will definitely be back.
Terrible service. Our server (I don't know his name) was curt and disrespectful. We just got up and left because of the way he treated us, which is a shame because I was excited to try some of their many vegetarian options.
Food & service have hit their stride. Pizza crusts are now crisp, not too doughy or bland. Pizza toppings range from fairly traditional to the adventurous--and all good, whether you want a tomato sauce and cheese kind of pizza or a white pie. 

A rotating draft beer list has something for almost everyone--all but maybe the Miller Lite crowd. The pasta is fresh, the sauces rich & not over sweet, & the salads are generous, fresh & delicious. Salads may be my favorite items on the menu.

Clarkville has been pretty good since it opened, but lately they have raised their game deliciously.
Good pizza! Everything was a bit on the salty side though.

Mainly 2 stars because i was taken aback by how rude my waiter greeted my table. He asked for my id and coming from a staff meeting on campus i didnt have an id asides from my school one. He snapped back that since i didnt have one nobody would drink which was totally fine to begin with because it was 6pm with a lot of underage people and we never asked to drink... he then forgot about 2 of out waters and my utensils were dirty (like food bits were on it?) which was pretty unsettling and gross :(
I've been here twice and wanted to love it but it's just nothing mind-blowing. I would definitely take Dock Street or (better yet) Nomad over this. I wasn't a fan of the dough and in terms of the crust, I didn't feel like it was done enough. I also felt like everything was too salty. My last visit, I got the Danger Pie and my gf got the fried chicken. The chicken was really good and moist but way too salty. The pizza also had salt sprinkled on top. It's a modest menu and I don't feel like they have any unique specialty pies (3 stars)

UPDATE 3/18: I've been back in the past month and I feel like this place is much better. Dough is cooked better and there seem to be new pizzas (unless my memory is wrong). And please order the donuts, they are amazing !! (4 stars)
Yummy solid pizza spot! 

They have good happy hours, which generally feels harder to find in WP, and yummy pizzas. My favorite specialty pizza is called the honey pie, which mixes both savory and sweet to create a culinary delight! I also enjoyed their brussel sprouts, although I recall it being slightly more burnt than I like. 

All in all, it's a nice spacious location, with both indoor and outdoor seating. I love that it's suitable for a variety of occasions, mostly casual but also got some mood ambiance in the evening.
Made a reservation (they take them for parties of 6 or more) for a Saturday night with some friends to come here and we came and really enjoyed ourselves and the rabbit motif both on the walls and on the menu.

For starters, we had the stuffed peppadews and the chestnut babaganoush. Both of these are really great so you can feel good about yourself by being healthy-ish before stuffing your face with pizza. The Peppadews were super cute in its size, but were huge in flavor. This was a favorite of the table and a standout of the night. The babaganoush was alright, but it was probably one of the weakest in terms of table popularity, probably wouldn't order it again.

We ordered the Best of Philly fried chicken, which appeared to be dark meat thighs, so I was happy about that. Though the rest of the table the chicken, I found it to be just ok and lacking a real punch of flavor. I felt like the ranch and the pickles that came with the dish were the real stars. 

The 3 pizzas we had were the Danger Pie, Honey Pie, and the Johnny Hots. The Honey Pie was the hands-down favorite! I loved that it wasn't too heavy on the sprouts and the honey flavor was in every bite, but it wasn't overpowering. The Danger Pie was a very good, basic pizza. We added meatballs (+$3) to it, but were disappointed with the lack of meatballs. The Johnny Hots was also super great if you're into spicy. If you're not into spicy food, I wouldn't recommend it. 

The service was great and it's a spot that seems to cater to all kinds of folks: families, dates, friends. Solid West Philly/University City pizza joint!
A good little pizza spot with good beer, good pizza and good service.  It's kind of a college and young family crowd.  Definitely a neighborhood spot where the regulars are known by the staff.  All I can say is happy hour cheese pizza and beer.
Best pizza and service! Terrific beer selection too. Atmosphere and vibe can't be beat.
Some of the items on the menu are okay, but my overall experiences have never been stellar. First off, the place is SO LOUD! They should really invest in some sound-deafening panels on the walls and ceiling. I can barely hear the person sitting next to me and have to shout if there is a decent crowd. The awful acoustics completely ruin any chill experience you were trying to have. On another occasion, I had awful service from one of the downstairs bartenders. I was there to attend a musical event upstairs and wanted to get a beer at the downstairs bar. After waiting patiently for 5 minutes, I wasn't even acknowledged by the bartender. When I leaned in to say something, I was met with a "hold on, I have other guests..I'll get to you when I can". I just ended up going to the upstairs bar, which didn't have as much of a selection, but at least the bartender was fairly responsive. As far as the selection, there wasn't much of a variety - a LOT of IPA's and sours mostly. No pale ales or session-style beers, which was really frustrating. This place could be so much better, but it's just so mediocre.
This place is the bees knees, the cats meow, that feeling when you get to stay home from school and watch cartoons all day, the feeling when you finally poop after a 10 hour car ride with no toilets in sight, a nice comfy couch that sucks your whole body in it and makes you feel nostalgic of your mother's womb in a really cool but weird way. The first bite of the delicious thin crusted pizza will have you flying to the tippy top of city hall to give ole' William Penn a solid celebratory high five and rejoice in the fact that something so magnificent can be birthed inside a pizza oven. Do you remember your first kiss? Do you remember when you farted at work and was scared you sharted but didnt? What about that time you took shrooms to see the dark knight and ended up freaked out in a corn field because you and your friends ate a bad batch that caused Brian to have a seizure in the theater aisle but turned out to be a-ok? (kind of) Well... their pizza is at least 10 times better than all of that COMBINED.  Long story long, the  pizza is good.
Kid friendly menu for my 2 year old and mommy friendly beer and wine selection.  Nice happy hour and wait staff are attentice and plesant.
I had Clarkville last night for dinner. For starters, we got the warm cauliflower salad, caesar salad, chestnut babaganoush, and stuffed peppadews. Everything was pretty solid. I would especially recommend the babaganoush, which was more like a combination between baba and hummus, and the peppadews, which were little peppers stuffed with a spicy cream cheese. Both were very good.

For mains, we got the house-made manicotti and spaghetti + meatballs plus the danger, white, eggplant, and honey pies. Of those, I really liked the honey pizza, which was bacon, cheese, grilled onions, and brussel sprouts with a sriracha and honey sauce. It was maybe a little too sweet for my tastes, but very enjoyable nevertheless.

Overall, a very solid sit down fancy-ish pizza place.
One of a kind pizza joint that has me craving pizza more often. Everything is made to order and they even take orders for the phone. Everyone was pleasant and very helpful with suggestions on what beer drink. The establishment was clean especially the bathrooms.
I need to add something to my review which should not be missed when dining at Clarkville. The delicious meatballs. Beautifully prepared in a wonderful marinara sauce. Delicious bread for soaking up the tasty sauce and crispy greens. Thanks, Clarkville.
I've only ever had Clarkville to-go, so I can't comment on the service. The prices are definitely on the high side for pizza in West Philly, but the food I've tried is delicious.

My favorite pizza is the Eggplant Pie (roasted eggplant, tomato sauce, cream, cheese blend, black kale, roasted peppers, and parmesan). I also love the Honey Pie (shaved brussels, cheese blend, grilled onion, and sriracha honey). It also comes with bacon, but I asked them to leave it off.

Overall, it's a solid choice for unique pizza flavor combinations.
Best specialty pizza in Philly metro BY A MILE. I drive from Glenside 2 get my fix more often then id like 2 admit. Hard 2 get away from the Honey pie, but every time I try something different it becomes my new favorite. Great beer selection too.
Came here on a whim with a party of 10 including kids on a Saturday night. Called ahead and they were very accommodating. Exceeded expectations.

- Good pizza
- Great fried chicken
- Large portions, decently priced. (Kids pizza is enough to feed 1-2 adults)
- Friendly staff
- Modern, yet casual ambience
- And the biggest surprise, which pushed this from a 4 star to a 5 star review, craft beer unicorns like Pliny the Elder on tap

Will be back
Ah, Clarkville = that place that feels just a *LITTLE* douchey.  As a newcomer to the neighborhood, I was excited that they have wine on tap, only to discover that they charge $26 for 750 ml of rosé (plus whatever they charge for the bottle?).  HAHAHAHAHAAHAAHA !  Really?!  Tap wine is supposed to be a basic, staple, table wine.  [In Italy the *expensive* vino-sfuso is €4.50.]  I mean, Clarksville's tap wine was --fine-- but not twenty-six-dollars-good, or anywhere near it!  Here's an idea:  pair up with a local vineyard and sell some reasonably priced regional wine for $10 or $12/bottle!  The whole point of vino-sfuso is to cut down on bottling and shipping costs for a decent table wine at a decent price - not act like a bunch of pretentious tossers.

Space/service = outside seems really nice.  Waaaay too noisy inside; I had to shout to the host what I was there to pick up, and weird passive-aggressive exchange ensued when we couldn't hear each other.  Shouting at dinner companions = gross.

Pizza = totally ok.  Flavor pretty good, though too doughy for me (caveat - so is almost all American pizza).  It's not just that pizza was so doughy, but that the toppings seemed scanty in proportion.  As though to fill us up w/bread and save on the more expensive toppings.  

Another Yelper complained that the eggplant was too greasy, so I went for the white and asked for a little red sauce to cut the richness.  Good texture on the dough, good flavor in the sauce, but nowhere near enough broccoli rabe; it needed like 4x the amount... almost as though the kitchen had run out or s/thing.  Almost all the flavor came from the garlic oil, which made it tasty - but not exactly what I had ordered, and greasier than I wanted as well. 

Both Yelp and Google think Clarkville offers late night food - it doesn't.  The kitchen closes @ 10:00.  If you go and try to get food afterwards, they will try to steer you to Local 44 - which has the same owner.
We went their after the dollar stroll on Baltimore ave. I am not happy with the way we were treated. Specially the manager lacks communication skill, the waiter was awesome. Our order came reasonably quick. We ordered lamb and danger pizza, from the taste of it the lamb pizza did not have lamb meat but unseasoned beef. The rest was good.
This is a really great restaurant in West Philadelphia! The fried chicken is out of this world. They have other foods like pizza.l and they have a nice beer selection. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend. It's a great ambience and a nice place to hang out during the summer time.
