I just want someone to look at me the way I look at a cheesesteak.

My lustful search for cheesy, beefy sandwiches in Philadelphia has no quit ... and lured me to popular Cleavers near Rittenhouse Square. It's famous for cheesesteaks and they don't get much famous-er than the namesake "Cleaver" for almost $22. 

It's one full pound (... I know, right ... ONE!) of 100% USDA ribeye steak (... Beef! Beef! Beef! ...) married with gooey American Cheese AND Cheese Whiz on a seeded (or not) roll. 

The Cleaver is a meaty beast that temporarily quenched my cheesesteak cravings ... and ability to feel my left arm or see my feet.

I regret nothing.

The end.
"I'm a health nut, but when I eat, I go hard. I'm a Buffalo wing magnet, a sandwich fanatic, a cheesesteak guy. But I'll only get a cheesesteak in Philadelphia. No one else does it right."―Kevin Hart

As we were visiting Philly just for the day, so I knew that I had to get a Philly Cheesesteak―because it's the thing to do, right? Cleavers had popped up on my searches with a solid 4.5-star avg, but I actually had intentions of going to a different spot. However we―and by we I mean I―got turned around while traversing thru DT and we accidently ended up here instead. No complaints as this was probably #2 on my list anyhow. So, let's get to the chow: I ordered up a standard one w/ Whiz and some cheese fries to see me thru the day.

Cheesesteaks ($10/ea):

Bread- You get the choice of either seeded or sans seed bread and they were both about the same in flavor, but just depends on your preference. I don't believe Cleavers uses the famous Amoroso roll, but a gigantic fresh-baked roll. It was a bit breadier than I would've liked but it held up well to the immense toppings.

Steak- Cleavers uses 100% USDA Rib-Eye steaks to make their meat and you could def tell by the tenderness of the beef. My complaint was the beef was a bit under-seasoned, and the lack of Whiz®―but we'll get to that later.

Toppings- I only ordered my regular cheesesteak wit' onions, and they did give a generous amount, but again they too were under-seasoned. Also they want to charge ±50¢ for some peppers, which is absurd as most places give them away in a giant bucket. 

Cheese- Of course to make it the authentic Philly experience I had to get my cheesesteak with Whiz®! I'm a huge fan of the Whiz®, but I'm not sure why there was such a tiny amount on the sammy itself?? They literally just put a thin schmear of the inside of the bread and not a drop on top of the steak itself. Fortunately they put a shit-ton on my cheese fries, so I was able to transfer that onto my sammy. A few of the pics here show that they had Whiz® on top of the steak, so I think somebody f'd up. #fail

Waffle-cut Whiz® Fries ($4.95)

The Waffle-cut fries were terrific but they really overdid it with the Whiz®, which as you've read above, I was fortunate enough to need on my cheesesteak.

Value
Cleavers has a fantastic value for using some top-notch ingredients―as a gigantic cheesesteak that could easily be shared by two―goes for only $10!

Service & Ambiance

Cleavers' décor is a bit hipstery, but the service was very friendly and the clientele seemed to be mostly business types that work in the surrounding DT buildings. 

Overall, I liked Cleavers and have them sitting at 3.5-stars. Unfortunately, they had a few missteps along the way that prevents me from giving them a solid 4-star review. But they still get a recommendation from yours truly.
After my recent experience at Cleavers, I walked out the door with just one thing going through my head, "what took so long for me to try a cheesesteak here?!" Damn, are their cheesesteaks good!

My fiancé and I were spending the day strolling around Philly and decided to stop here to split a cheesesteak for a late lunch. I was open to any cheesesteak he chose so he selected the Effin Hot steak. We also ordered a side of sweet potato waffle fries. 

We snagged a seat upstairs and our meal was brought to the table just minutes later. The cheesesteak we got came with pepper relish, fried onions and sriracha aioli, and it was so delicious! The hoagie was loaded with perfectly sliced rib eye, just the right amount of aioli, and it was smothered with cheese. I was seriously in heaven! The fries were also a hit. I'm a huge fan of sweet potato fries in general but sweet potato waffle fries?! Now that's a game changer if I ever knew one!

I honestly can't wait for an excuse to get a cheesesteak at Cleavers again. Whether it's for a game or just a cheat meal, count me in!
We've ordered sandwiches from Cleavers twice for Eagles games this season, and both times I was super happy. I've ordered grilled chicken cheesesteak wraps both times and, though they appear on the small side, they are actually stuffed with chicken and cheese. Half is usually enough for lunch and then I can look forward to the other half for dinner or as a post-game consolation prize.
I've had Cleavers on my radar ever since they first opened because I heard they offer portobello steaks. For some reason it just hasn't happened until today. 

So, I'm not sure if it was the build up and anticipation, but unfortunately it didn't deliver quite the way I was expecting it to...

Take out was easy. Our food was ready in a pinch and they even obliged my P.I.T.A. self and put mozzarella on the side as I was splitting with hubs who wanted it, and I, a vegan, did not. 

I love the idea of the build your own sammy and their boozey shakes. Their bottle list of a couple dozen including a list of seasonal brews was impressive. You can even make a 6 pack to go which is 10% off with Yelp Check in! They also offer salads, wraps, bowls and many sides too! 

We chose the Porto which included sautéed spinach and roasted red peppers. It is one of THREE vegetarian options!! We also ordered zucchini fries because well, zucchini fries! The sammy was STUFFED!! The mushrooms were thinly sliced to a meat consistency. I enjoyed the taste and texture very, very much. Hubs thought it had a balsamic note and it was "ok". 

What I didn't love however was the roll. It was super soggy and being a girl born and bred in Philly, I will tell you, the crispy roll is just as important as the filling! I'm not sure if it got super soggy because we took it out or not, but the bread just didn't hold up. 

The fries served with a ranch dip lucky for me didn't keep their breading. It's a shame though. They looked completely torn apart by the time we went to eat them. Again, perhaps these don't travel well? 

Definitely not swearing off Cleavers especially because I really loved being able to go into a mainstream steak place and options for me. I'll be back and perhaps another portobello "steak". I will also try eating in upstairs in their casual dining room to see if that helps with the bread situation. I'm sure hubs will be going for actual rib eye steak next time which I hear is the bee's knee's. 

I know I'm not their "normal" clientele, but bread is bread regardless and this just didn't cut it for me. 

3.5 Stars.
OMG CHEESESTEAK HEAVEN! Fine I will admit I withheld visiting even after seeing all the 5 star reviews and plenty of yelp friends checking-in. Aren't the best cheesesteaks made where there is grease stuck on the wall from 30 years ago? Well apparently not. This is casual dining at it's best. You enter on the first floor where you place your order and take a glimpse at their craft bottled beer in a large refridgerator behind the counter. 

I can't ever bring myself to order a milkshake AND a sandwich however I will have to someday make an exception here. A milkshake with a little adult fun mixed in for maximum pleasure! And with a handful of options to choose from I may never want to leave.

Now those cheesesteaks! My go-to has been "The block" ribeye, portobellos, fried onions, green peppers, and sharp prov ( I substitute american cheese) and I don't think I'll be looking elsewhere anytime soon. Top with a little (or ALOT) of ketchup and hot sauce and you may never want to eat a cheesesteak anywhere else. Also, these are HUGE therefore it's alwsys a good idea to share. 

The atmosphere is completely casual and easy to accomodate children (and all their accessories) as well as groups. Though there are a few tables downstairs, most of the dining takes place upstairs. Keep that in mind if you are with someone who may have a hard time trekking up number of steps. Enjoy!
This place is officially my new go-to cheesesteak spot in the city. 

Cheesesteak is great. 
Vegetarian cheesesteak is great. 
Fries are great. 
The drink selection is great.
The presentation and delivery of the food is greatt. 

Make sure you check this place out and experience the greatness.
[DELIVERY review] I blame American Airlines for a 4 hour flight delay from LA, and 1.5 hour delay waiting for my luggage at Phil Airport for not going to Cleavers in-person.  Thankfully, at 945pm from my taxi, I chose to order direct from the Yelp page right to my hotel.

I've only been to Philly once before for a day, like this trip, only for a day for a business meeting then onto Jersey for another.  I remember eating a cheesesteak on that trip at the airport.  If I recall, I liked it -- but I've had better even in LA (of course, Philly transplants start up shops all over).  While I can't compare my cheesesteak to any of the Max's, Tony Luke's, Daleassandro's, Gino's, Jim's, and Sonny's -- the 4.5 stars of Yelpers drew me in.

Arriving at my hotel, my order of THE BLOCK (ribeye steak, portobellos, fried onions, green peppers, sharp provolone) and Parm-Garlic Wedge fries was welcomed.  The brown bag was very oily from the fries, but they looked good and the sandwich was HUGE and looked great.  The prospects were definitely looking up.

THE BLOCK -- good quality meat, but I didn't like much else about it.  It was all meat and very dry; not nearly enough mush, onions, or green peppers, and frankly, needed grease (since the classic is without mayo or any other type of spread).  The portobello's did not have the classic mushroom taste, and the bread was not soft -- maybe because of the late order?  Also, lukewarm -- the driver did not have a special insulated bag.  [$12.71, 3.0 stars]

GARLIC PARMESAN FRIES  -- waffle-cut fries, garlic, shredded parmesan.  Also, lukewarm from the delivery, but actually perfectly seasoned with chunks of tasty parm.  These would be great at the shop. [$5.51, 4.0 stars]

In conclusion, not good for delivery.  I would like to go to the actual restaurant, and I'd either order the sandwich with extra STUFF, or try something else.  All in all, it doesn't get a great grade from me.
Hellllllll to the yes. Cleavers exceeded my expectations, which is saying something considering I took my order to go and traveled ten blocks with it. It was STILL warm and delicious when I got home. 

I love the fact that you can 'make your own' cheesesteak/sandwich using the little menu cards and a pencil- there are plenty of options for add-ins for all you fellow control freaks out there. This time, I opted for rib eye, fried onions, american cheese, and white cheddar cheese sauce on a grilled whole wheat wrap. I'm not kidding, this may have surpassed all previous cheesesteak experiences for me. Even those on the freshest rolls. The distribution of the onions and melty cheese throughout the wrap made every single bite food-gasm worthy. 

Ryan tried the Zinger, which was seriously spicy and came with long hots and sharp provolone on a seeded roll. He loved it.

We also shared an order of the fried green beans (the ranch they came with had a little kick to it too) and waffle fries with honey mustard. 

This meal was for sure gluttonous but we managed to whip out enough self control to save half for lunch today... salivating thinking about it...

Also, the space itself was very clean & I definitely want to eat in sometime soon, since they have a cool seating section upstairs and tons of very reasonably priced beer options. Service was exceptionally friendly as well! 

Zero complaints from this gal, can't wait to go again!
Think big. Then think Cleaver's. They are synonyms. 

Cleaver's makes one of the largest and best-filled cheesesteaks I've ever seen. I don't even bother to pick it up anymore and instead eat with a fork and knife until the fillings get more manageable (I hear you all shrieking blasphemy, but I'm telling you--it's easier that way). The cheesesteaks are also incredibly easy to customize--you can even get a cheesesteak in a bowl, without the bun! I've had the pizza steak, which is heavenly. There are round medallions of fried mozzarella, tons of marinara, and the ubiquitous steak. So yummy. I have also tried their salads (huge portions and you'll need two dishes of dressing) and the chicken fingers and fries. Both were really good and came with tons of honey mustard for dipping; JJ and I devoured them at lightning speed.

My absolute favorite thing about Cleaver's is the boozy milkshake. I've tried the whiskey and chocolate flavor and the Kahlua and vanilla flavor... I honestly can't decide which one I like more. This is a must-have item when you go to Cleaver's--I've ordered one every time I've gone.

Once you finish ordering, head upstairs to the large, clean seating area to demolish your meal.
I'm late to the Cleavers game. Eagles opening game of 2020 amidst a pandemic seemed like the perfect time to start. 

Everywhere in Philly has cheesesteaks. I needed a cheesesteak from a place that specializes in cheesesteaks. 

Ordering through Grubhub was extremely easy. I was also really impressed by all of the steak options and combinations. Their chicken sandwich selection was impressive as well. 

I went with a MYO: American Cheese, rib eye, fried onions and banana peppers. I added my own hot sauces at home. 

The sandwich was solid in proportion and was eaten in two installments. I liked that It came pre-cut in half. The roll was fresh but sturdy and smooth. I liked the chopped pieces of steak. The meat to topping ratio was also legit. Not the least bit greasy either. 

Better late than never. Cleavers is my new cheesesteak delivery go-to. 

This was easily a 4.5 delivery experience. It's hard to rate without actually visiting the restaurant. In light of these crazy times, I'm supporting this restaurant and rounding up.
I don't even know where to begin. The wrap I am currently scarfing down right now is amazing. A big enthusiastic 5 stars to this place just off the strength of the size and flavors of their breaded chicken, bacon, ranch (CBR) wrap. It had melted cheese inside and tons of bacon pieces. Since I ordered through the MealPal app (which was free for this first order) I was expecting a heavy-on-the-lettuce wrap, one of the common errors in deli wraps. This thing, however, did not skim on the meat at all! I am still not done and pretty sure I'm being gluttonous in finishing. 

The actual price of the wrap alone was more than $10, so I'm glad I got it for free, but I would pay for this again. Probably not often, but if I'm feeling like treating myself.
More like a 3.5. Overall, I'd say it was a good cheesesteak but there could be things they could have improved on. Also, I had no desire to finish the whole cheesesteak, I finished a whole one at Dalessandro's, Dalessandro's is still king for me.

The food:

Cheesesteak- Ribeye steak with cheese. We ordered this with whiz and onions. It was a pretty good cheesesteak, I really liked the bread they used, it was nice and crusty and held up to the cheesesteak well. The flavor of the cheesesteak was good but I wasn't crazy about the texture of the meat, it oddly felt grainy and I didn't like how they left the ribeye in large pieces. I also thought the onions could have been better, they weren't really sweet or flavorful enough and the size of the onions were way too big. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XZyapUbX3T5Oj4vXus_QPA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
I don't love cheesesteaks.  There I said it.

Before I lived in Philadelphia I would drive down from college, see a Phantoms game and somehow find my way to 9/Wharton to wait in line with the other tourists.  I must have done that too many times because I got out of eating them.

Cleavers changed that for me.

Recently I met a buddy here for lunch knowing that he was a cheesesteak fan.  The somewhat obnoxious food elitist in me yawned, groaned and thought "seeing your friend is more important than enjoying the meal, just give this place a shot."

I'm so happy I did.

First off this place is kind of fun. Yes it's a sandwich shop primarily but they have two floors and draft beer.  If you wanna go calorie crazy you definitely can.  Simple communal tables and no bs.

We got two steaks and split them.  First was traditional (wiz wit) and the second had tomato sauce and provolone.  Both were very well made sandwiches that packed a ton of flavor and did not fall apart.  I ate my words and both halves happily.

I've been woke.  Thanks Cleavers.
When you search Yelp for cheesesteaks, you expect to get a lot of responses in Philadelphia. In the home of the cheesesteak, Cleavers seemed to rise above the rest in several key categories. Their new and modern restaurant is located in downtown Philadelphia near Rittenhouse Square. It is relatively close to transit and horrible for cars, so you may need to walk a bit.

First off, you need a good steak! Cleavers has a traditional menu with lots of modern options, but I stuck with the classic steak with Whiz and onions. My massive steak was served super hot with lots of cheese and the right amount of grilled onions. The sliced rib eye was grilled perfectly with lots of flavor from the meat and flat top. The roll managed to defy gravity and hold everything together.

The rest of the menu is pretty good too. They have the modern custom Coke fountains with a fun selection of local beers and other alcoholic drinks. I stuck with a simple can of Yuengling which paired well with the steak. The menu has lots of options for chicken, vegetarian, and extensive sides and salads making it fun for everyone.

The interior of the restaurant is also much nicer than many steak places in Philadelphia. The modern decor appeals to the young and attractive who dine here with a clean and refreshing atmosphere. Most of the seating is upstairs with great murals on the wall. The restroom is very cramped, but it is clean and works.

Cleavers worked for me with a perfect combination of great food, location, and atmosphere on my latest Philadelphia trip. I have sampled all the big steak shops in the area and was very impressed by the quality and value of Cleavers and recommend it to tourists and locals alike.
Holy abundance of grilled rib-eye on a seeded roll Batman !  Cleavers I gotta hand it to you in the filling up the roll department. There is a second location (Gooey Looie's) that I know of that pushes it to the limit when it comes to this. I feel like Goose speaking to Maverick in Top Gun when he says "We're going ballistic Mav!"  

Seriously on a more serious note, Cleavers does not joke around when it comes to enjoying a great cheesesteak. Their menu is even more impressive with the different ways you can sink your teeth into one.  They also offer you  ways you can partake in this adventure with the different options you can have it prepared.  Which ever steak you go with you can have in a wrap form (White or Wheat) grub out of a bowl , or on a roll (Seeded or Unseeded). I love that you can get any of these on a seeded roll , that was my choice.

I went with the "Effin' Hot Steak" , which was awesome, but yet seriously hot. I did do a good bit of damage to it before I had to tap out. My mouth was on fire, my lips went numb as the sweat was coming off my head I couldn't finish it. This bad boy is about 1/2 lb of meat, but they say it was a little over a 1/4 lb. I call BS on that one, seeing my roll couldn't maintain the magnitude of this beast. 

What made me tap out was the mix of the sriracha aioli, along with a hot cherry pepper relish coating and mingling with my steak. One gripe is with all that meat you guys put on there, you could have put a little more cheese into play. I know for next time to ask for extra cheese along with an order of waffle fries. If I can finish my steak first that is. 

I even enjoy the fact you can enjoy a cold beer, make a float, or even bust out with a milkshake (a booze shake also) with your dish. Great options for the selections of beers by the way. They also have salads that look pretty awesome with a vegetarian section on their menu.  

Service was friendly where they would deliver your feast right to you. What I also like is they made sure you are satisfied with everything, from the beverage to your sandwich. 

I know I will be back again to try to tackle another sammy ; key word is "try" folks.
While in Philly... it's a must that a cheesesteak is part of the menu for the visit!

When asked, everyone will share their opinion of why you should go to their favorite spot... and trust the main selling point will always be bc "so & so" has the best cheesesteaks in town.

However, when you don't partake in red meat, you have to be more selective about the suggestions that are thrown your way. If you hear the name Cleavers, know that you can sink your teeth into a Philly Cheesesteak... that is Chicken!

Made to order you have a choice between grilled chicken or a breaded cutlet for ($8.95) on a plain or seeded sub. With serval toppings to choose from, both included and @ an additional charge, you can make your Philly uniquely your own. With the addition of sweet potato waffle fries ($4.95) and a boozy shake($9.95), you have a meal that would be hard to finish without popping a button.

The chicken cheesesteak was awesome but the fries I could've done without (wasn't impressed). The boozy sake was nice and thick, not much of a kick but you can add an extra shot for $3. Overall a great spot, very clean and well maintained. Some employees' customer service was better then others, but the manager was on point. 

Just A Note:

You order and then grab a seat upstairs or on the other side @ the bar and your food it brought to you. FYI no outlets in the bar area if you need a charge so head upstairs.
With so many cheesesteak options in Philly, Cleavers ranks higher on the list but not the top. First and foremost, it's nice to have a cheesesteak place with ample seating that's clean and organized. The seating area upstairs is fairly big, with lots of seating and Philly art all over the walls. They also bring the cheesesteak to your table. 

The cheesesteak itself was really good. The meat is definitely higher quality than most, if not all other places in Philly. I had mine with onions and hot peppers, and it was excellent. There was a good amount of meat and it wasn't too heavy on the cheese. 

Definitely need to get here before the lunch rush if you want to have a fast experience. As it got past 12pm, the place started filling up pretty steadily.

All in all a great cheesesteak at a really nice location. It seems like service and comfort are a large part of this place. Not the best cheesesteak in Philly, that title still goes to Max's, but it's really good.
Two quick things...

Thing #1: 
Cleavers got mouth-watering cheesesteak.
I mean, it's perfection on a seeded roll! Or unseeded, if you wish.
Nothing beats an authentic & classic steak and cheese - like Cleavers best ever ribeye Cheesesteak. But what about fried pickles, BBQ chicken, or even portobellos cheesesteak? 
Simply, irresistible. Just rolls off the tongue.
The cheesesteak mashups are to-die-for!

Thing #2: 
It's strongly advised that you treat yo' self with some boozy milkshake.
A little booze in the shake turns Cleavers milkshake to be the best thing you (or I) never thought of. Seriously, here's  the perfect post-work weekday spot.

Four and Half Yelps
Three and a half stars. I wanted to try this place since it has drink & food options. I had the cheesesteak with provolone and mushrooms. 

I sat at the bar and also had an old fashioned. The service was great, fast & friendly. The cheesesteak though was ok... the bread was dry. It was like they opened a roll of bread, didn't heat it & added the other ingredients. Maybe that's the Philly way & I just didn't know... but warming the bread would have made a big difference. 

I'd come back again & see if they could warm the bread before serving.
One of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had.

You hear it all the time... "This place has the best cheesesteaks!" "No! This place does!" I'm really starting not to trust some locals because it's clear they are very biased to the cheesesteak joint that's in their particular neighborhood. I've tried Geno's. I've tried Pat's. I've tried Steve's. I've even went on Yelp and looked at ones with the most reviews and best ratings and I was still somewhat let down. Don't get me wrong those places aren't bad, but they were all missing a little "oomph". Cleavers ended up being the most well rounded. The meat was nicely cut and not the slightest bit dry. The ratio of cheese melted into the meat was very attractive. The onions and peppers along with the spread provided for the best bites in my opinion. I mean no disrespect to my hardcore Philly cheesesteak lovers, but from the outside looking in, I have to go with my tastebuds!

If you're confused in this infinite tug of war of who's the best then Cleaver is a good place to start your cheesesteak journey.
Talk about Philadelphia besides mentioning for their sports team, the liberty bell, rocky step we have to mention about their famous sandwich with the call Philly Cheese Steak. 

A Philly cheesesteak is a sandwich made from thinly sliced pieces of beef steak with melted cheese onions on a long hoagie roll.

For years people only mention two spots for the famous hoagie, but all were missing up mention better places, I have to say this is on my top 3 best Philadelphia Cheesesteak that I have eaten so far, you also can find a bar on this location with is pretty big. 

The sandwich was very good,  big and the amount of cheeses and meat that was on the Philly cheesesteak it is a lot, the staffs are very nice and they accept any type of cards with is a big plus.

The one bad part is the parking that is an odyssey I spend around 15 minutes looking for a parking spot.
Cleavers delivered on the classic Philly Cheesesteak! Soft roll, hot, fresh ribeye steak, melted cheese, mayo, grilled onions, sweet peppers and ketchup spells Philly Cheesesteak to me and Cleavers did not disappoint! I enjoyed every bite and I could really tell the freshness of the 100% ribeye steak. The shop was clean and the staff was friendly. They have a ton of different steak and chicken cheesesteak variations to choose from. Enjoy!
I really liked cleavers for their cheesesteaks.  The style of beef and cut was much different and in my opinion much better than another cheesesteak place I had.  I'm sure the meat quality is a lot better too.  They also serve very cheap beer bottled! I don't mind it's cheap beer, a lot of the beers are crated beers or imported but will only cost 3 or 4 a bottle!
At first I was a little skeptical and hesitant about trying a cheesesteak spot located in center city. Everyone knows the best chesesteaks are found in the hoods of Philly, nonetheless I saw that Cleavers had great reviews and I was curious to see what the hype was about.

Cleavers was really good. It's a store that gives you the option to either order out or sit in. It wasn't that crowded when I arrived. I decided to get the classic cheesesteak with fried onions and I went out the norm and decided to get a seeded roll instead of the regular roll.

Now why did I do that. The bread was okay but the sandwich would have been fire if it didn't have them seeds. But hey I asked for it!

When I tried my cheesesteak it definitely tasted like an original cheesesteak. Everything was well seasoned and the sandwich was huge. Definitely can't finish it in one sitting.

Overall I paid about 12.00 and it was worth it. I will definitely come back if I'm in the area and want a cheesesteak fix!
Okay. I know it's generally considered fairly gross. And I'm not thrilled to admit this. But when it comes to a cheesesteak, I like it covered in mayo and lettuce. Ya know, a cheesesteak hoagie. Without onions. Never onions! Eek.

Fortunately Cleavers now exists to appease people like me. They have a crapton of interesting combos you don't generally see at the traditional spots around town. And if you don't eat steak, that's fine too. There's grilled chicken, chicken cutlet, salad, and vegetarian options.

I came here twice over the weekend -- first ordering the cheesesteak hoagie without onions or tomatoes, and second for the CBR chicken cutlet. I wasn't able to finish more than half of my sandwich either time.

Know that these things are huge, which makes them totally worth the price. You order at the counter and then, if eating in, you can head upstairs with your number. It doesn't take long for food to arrive.

I preferred the steak to the chicken sandwich. When I had the steak, the flavors were well-rounded and you could taste each ingredient with every bite. As for the chicken sandwich, I really could only taste...ranch dressing. The thing was drenched in it. Otherwise the chicken was tasty too (and the thick bacon!), but definitely a handful to eat with the dressing constantly flowing out. If I order it in the future, I'll definitely say light on the dressing.

Your (21+) order isn't complete here without a boozy milkshake. I chose the strawberry one, which I believe came with vodka mixed in. I'm not too keen on hard liquor, but you could hardly tell it even had anything in it! Seriously delicious.

They also have a bunch of beers, which should be a huge appeal too.

Service has been fair so far. The first time they doted on my friend who was a return customer and then blankly stared at me, but whatever. They'll just have to get to know me too, because I'm nowhere near done exploring their menu!
If you didn't have a Philly Cheesesteak, did you even go to Philly?

I never had a Philly Cheesesteak and a lot of the big names were quite out of the way from where I was staying. I ended up finding this spot two blocks from my hotel and it was a no brainer what I needed to get.

I got the Cheesesteak (second thing on their menu) with provolone cheese on a classic bun. They set the bar pretty darn high for what constitutes as a great Philly cheesesteak. It's not overloaded with cheese so you don't feel fattening and sick from all of the dairy. The meat is not dry, but also not dripping with grease. It was pretty darn perfect for just steak and cheese on a bun. Very filling for just 10$ and the amount of steak you get. I will be using this place as a benchmark in comparing other cheesesteaks in the future.
Secret time!

This is a MUST for cheesesteaks. Once a committed Jim's Steaks patron, I've transitioned and I'm pretty sure Cleavers convinced my boyfriend that Philly cheesesteaks are good if not GREAT.  

Here's the deal. You order at the cash wrap. Unfortunately you can't see them make the cheesesteaks like Jim's. Then you head up with your number and they bring your cheesesteak to ya! Simple.

Placed in front of you is a seemingly 12 inch roll with LOTS of meat, onions and cheese whiz. (because why would you get any other cheese on a PHILLY cheesesteak?)

Greasy, meat filled, cheesy and carb heavy sandwich. Does not get better than this.

My new go-to for cheesesteaks. YAY!
Classic Philly cheesesteak with non-greasy ambiance and seating in front of large flatscreen TVs? Sign me up. The steaks here will certainly leave you full and satisfied. I prefer the steaks here over those iconic Philadelphia classic places that serve your steaks with a side of greasy shirts and attitude. No wit or wit'out here.. just a good steak, clean new upstairs seating where you can have proper conversations or catch a game. Also had the waffle fries here, but nothing too special about these (chick fil a has better waffle fries). 

Would come here again for sure, and to bring out of town friends. Didn't get to try the shake.. not enough space after cheesesteak.
My first time in Philly and my first ever Cheesesteak (don't worry, I tried others and am basing my review of this in comparison to those).

Before I arrived everyone had told me that Geno's and Pat's were the only two worth trying, but as I read the reviews, I started to see more and more negativity surrounding those joints, so I decided to go off piste...

And here I ended up at cleavers. First up, the selection of cheese steaks was great. The place is a diner style, order at the counter and then they bring the meal to your table kind of place. Cheese steaks on average will set you back around $10 with waffle fries around $5.

I got myself the Hot and Spicy cheese steak, and my god was It a) huge and b) delicious. Shredded steak mixed with onions, peppers, and sweet chilies and with provolone and cheese whiz, all packed into a tasty hoagie. Check out the pic. If that doesn't sell you, I don't know what will.
Phenomenal Philadelphia cheesesteak (and chicken cheesesteak) hoagies are served here. Among the best in the city and one of my favorite restaurant setups. Cleavers is all about the meat. "Fresh beef no bull" is their motto and mantra. USDA ribeye is the beef cut used here. This is "freestyle" cheesesteak making in that they did away with the rigamarole of the "wit with whiz" and other traditional cheesesteak ordering orthodoxy. Here is the cheesesteak ordering freestyle run down: 1) choose a roll (seeded or not), or a wrap, or a bowl with just the fillings. You have the option of toasting the wonderful bread (more on that bread later); 2) protein choices are ribeye, chicken cutlet (breaded and fried), grilled chicken, or portobello mushroom; 3) add cheese...American, mild provolone, whiz, cheddar sauce, shredded mozzarella, shredded Parmesan, fresh mozzarella, or sharp provolone; 4) the other choices are all the fixin's like onions (sweet onions not red ones...thank the hoagie gods!!!), peppers, mayo, House long hots, over 12 sauces, etc. As you can see, you will be able to customize your cheesesteak to your hearts content.

My son went with the ribeye cheesesteak on an unseeded roll with mild provolone, wit (cooked onions), mayo and ketchup. He is a teenager and that was his first Philly cheesesteak from a Philadelphia purveyor, thus he proclaimed it the GOAT of all cheesesteaks. He devoured it in like two minutes. I was praying he would not accidentally chew one of his digits (probably would not have even stopped). 

I went with the grilled chicken cheesesteak wit, Whiz, and sharp provolone, mayo and ketchup. That unseeded roll was the best bread I have ever had a cheesesteak on. The bread was "branded" with the restaurant's name, I believe, because they are so proud of the bread. They should be proud because it is award winning in my book; not too crusty but soft yet substantial. The bread is artisanal with sweet notes like they used "mother yeast" from the old country. The chicken was so fresh, cooked perfectly to remain juicy, and well seasoned. The only chicken cheesesteaks I have had that were comparable, as to goodness, were at Ishkabibble's on South Street and Pagano's on Market Street, and that is Cheesesteak Royalty that Cleavers is definitely running neck and neck with.

I opted for the fries which are waffle cut and added whiz. The fries were good and crispy. The sauce paired well with them and together with the cheesesteak they were a perfect spuds contribution to a meat and potatoes meal. They have other sides like fried mozzarella moons (fresh disks of the cheese fried),  onion rings, and salads (but who would and why here). 

If you have time, eat in the restaurant because the interior is set up perfectly to enjoy cheesesteaks. The upstairs dinning area has multiple tables and a ketchup condiments station (they do not add ketchup for you). They also serve beer, "boozy milkshakes", and alcohol from the adjoining bar section. The food is ready quickly and the prices are more than reasonable. The staff is super friendly and they even bring your order to your table upstairs. The poor staffer making the rounds must have made 20 trips up and down while we were there. 

The citizens of Rittenhouse Square specifically and the entire city of Brotherly Love generally are so damn lucky to have this gem in their midst. Overall one of the best cheesesteak experience I have ever had in the city that invented them. Cheesesteaks are among my favorite foods and Cleavers is among my top five places in Philly to get them. Would that I could award more than five stars to that Cleavers cheesesteak "Jawn" (Philly lingo....Google or Urban Dictionary it Bama)!!!

[Yelp Review #109]
Cleavers is a cheesesteak establishment with a bit more flare. They offer more than just the classic cheesesteak. In addition to offering you options, Cleavers caters to your no red meat, no meat, eating family members or friends. If that was enough, you can enjoy any sandwich with an adult beverage. If that isn't enough be prepared to eat a cheesesteak that contains a generous portion of meat. 

More importantly you can enjoy an adult beverage while enjoying your mouthwatering, meat filled Philadelphia classic. The sandwiches here are little more generous than what you will get at one of the South Philly establishments. I have a pretty big appetite but even eating half of a regular size was suitable. 

Just because you sell waffle fries doesn't mean you rest on your laurels. The fries were a bit overcooked, bland, and tasted as if I received a batch that was pre-made and sat in order to quickly cater to the rush of a crowd. 

Overall Cleavers is a good representative of the Philadelphia staple. All you visitors that do not want to venture outside the Center City area, I am here to say Cleavers will not disappoint
Things you can't currently complain about here: 

The amount of steak on your sandwich
The amount of waffle fries you get in a side of fries 

I literally had trouble picking up my cheesesteak hoagie at first 
And let me be abundantly clear here... 
I'm 100 percent fine with that 

There are three options for cheesesteaks that exist as far as I'm concerned: 
1. Not enough steak in my cheesesteak *Response: (Thanos gauntlet snap) 
2. There is just enough steak in my cheesesteak and I can pick up the bun easily and it's all gravy *Response: (slow clap) 
3. There is an overflowing amount of steak in my cheesesteak and I brush some cheesesteak off for my second course. And guess what happens to be my second course after my cheesesteak? "Cheesesteak salad" *Response: (Ilana from Broad City doing a handstand on the wall and twerking)

The cheesesteak was well cooked, definitely not overcooked. 
The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the cheese sauce. I don't know it's a thing that I just don't love Cheese Whiz sauce... or my maybe the proportion of the sauce was a little heavy-- but I wish I had gotten provolone. 

So this place has VERY high ratings. And I get it. Super great portions, bread is good, cheesesteak is delicious, lots of options, clean place, quick and efficient service. I mean, definitely would recommend if you come to Philly and you're looking to grab a cheesesteak. I'll likely be back when I'm in Philly next. An outpost of this in the Maryland Burbs of D.C. would do very well 

*Just to plant that seed ;) *
Since Cleavers has opened there has been a lot of talk about this establishment, especially in cheesesteak circles.  Finally getting my chance to eat here, I concur on the cheesesteak.  It's a good one - a very good one.  The quality and quantity of ribeye steak is high, the seeded roll has the right texture, and you can actually taste the cheese.  Now my choice of a side was not very inspiring here.  I went with the spicy fried green beans.  Sounds great, tastes bland.  Seriously what is spicy about these and the green bean Is so mushy inside, I couldn't identify it by taste.  Of course by shape it looks like a green bean but I like my fried green beans crispy.  I hope Cleavers does better with other sides.  Service is good enough and everything is kept nice and clean.  I will return for the cheesesteak.
Wow! I'm impressed that a bowl of just chicken, spinach, and roasted red peppers could be this good!  I went to Cleavers for lunch-break, and even though I usually order vegetarian items, I wasn't that impressed with their veggie options (duh, this is a meat restaurant), so I ordered "Chicken Italiano" since I really don't like eating beef.  I tried to keep it healthy by getting the BOWL instead of the roll, so, no bun. Literally just hoagie toppings in a tupperware bowl.  Well, it was so delicous! TONS of meat, cheese, and spinach, my carryout bag was pretty heavy!

I also like how there's an upstairs dining area, and BEER on tap!! Didn't even realize you can order beer here, I thought it was lunch carryout only. Nice surprise!

I really wanted some sweet potato fries with my lunch, but didn't want to pay an extra $4. I wish they would offer a smaller portion for $1-2 extra, if you order a sandwich.  $15 for lunch-break is too high for me, so I just stuck with the bowl and no fries, and a $10.50 bill. 

Overall, delicious taste, and generous portions. I'll be back to try a "create-your-own" item next.
Awesome huge fancy cheesesteaks made the way you like. There's some suggested configurations or you can put something together yourself. 

The downstairs is a quick ordering and to go area and the upstairs is a large dining area. There's two types of rolls -- seeded and unseeded. Sometimes you'll get a branded roll!

Luckily, all of your food whether it's dine-in or to-go -- it comes in a to-go box.
Before I left the office on Thursday night, my coworker and I had decided on Cleavers for cheat day Friday. I woke up that morning and Cleavers was the first thing on my mind (thanks to the brave work and descriptive reviews of previous Yelpers), so I knew I had to skip breakfast to prepare for the glorious combination of bread, meat, and cheese that I was going to eat a few hours later.  

Coworker and I went to Cleavers at noon, and there was no line. Thanks, Good Friday. I created my own sandwich and it was basically the Effin' Hot plus romaine (Note: some of the suggested sandwiches are more expensive than if you just custom make the same exact thing. Do I like to do math at lunchtime? No. But don't play a playa, Cleavers.) Also, I uncharacteristically got a fountain soda because they have one of those cool soda machines, which I'm a sucker for. The bottled beer selection was solid, and affordable, but I refrained since I had to return to work. 

I carefully held my nicely packaged to go sandwich and rolled back into the office like a MOTHER. F*CKING. BOSS. I hadn't even seen or tasted the sandwich yet, but I just knew what power I held. I walked by cubicle after cubicle, heads turning trying to figure out what that amazing smell was. By the time I got to my desk, there was a trail of people following me. They surrounded my cubicle, almost as eager as I was to see what lay inside the magical box. I opened the box, and once our eyesight recovered from the majestic glow, we reveled in what was the most beautiful cheesesteak we had ever seen. 

Looks can be deceiving, but not here, folks. The meat and onions were perfectly cooked, the bread light and somehow sog resistant, yet strong enough to withstand the weight of its contents, the cheese perfectly melted and evenly distributed throughout the sandwich along with the hot cherry pepper relish and sriracha aioli. It was phenomenal. 2 meals worth of food? Yup. Did I finish it in 1? Yup. 

I'm not that into cheesesteaks, and don't eat red meat that often, but I think I may celebrate every cheat day here for the rest of my life (which may not be that long if I eat here every week). I was also lucky enough to have a roll branded with their name, which made me feel like an even bigger winner, but was also slightly creepy. 

The staff was friendly, the place was clean, the prices reasonable, and the menu has plenty of chicken/vegetarian/salad options for those that aren't into beef.  Get there.
We were really hungry and this place did the job, but would I come back? Maybe... Maybe not.

For starters, their milkshakes are great! Nice and thick. The service was quick and they were friendly.

However the eating area upstairs was very filthy. The tables needed to be cleaned badly at 5pm on a Sunday. 

Nonetheless, the options are cleavers are pretty straightforward... Its a sandwich place.

Me and the bf, both got custom
Sandwiches... Myself a chicken cutlet with lettuce and mayo and he got a whole bunch of randomness... But he said it was good.

I didnt start out on a good foot with cleavers because they got my order wrong by giving me a
Seeded roll when I asked for the reverse... So I truly didnt enjoy my meal as well as I probably could have.. However the chicken cutlet had flavor but there was a bit too much of it in the sandwich altogether... My sandwich was good but I feel like it could have been better.

It all tasted fresh.. No complaints there.

There is also a nice beer selection here, nice touch for a sandwich spot. 

Get my order right next time Cleavers and yell at your clean up crew.
If you read a bad review on this place, it must be because those people are lacking taste buds, or they prefer a grease laden hoagie with chopped up mystery meat. 

Cleavers is awesome. Authentic ribeye steak, on a hoagie (I opted for the sesame seed hoagie). They have hot. They have traditional. Pizza hoagies. You name it. If you are in the area and you don't check out cleavers, you are doing yourself a huge disservice. I've done the "famous" local cheesesteak spots..... Cleavers takes the blue ribbon. This place was out of control good.

Update: I've been to Cleavers three times now. The consistency is there, the food still great, the cheese steaks are awesome. Can't go wrong here.
Thank goodness for Yelp! The "guy" at the hotel front desk recommended Steve's Prince of Steak. The pictures and reviews were not-all-that-great  and I wanted to have an out-of-this-world Philly Cheesesteak experience.

Cleavers made me one happy lady! Walked up to place my order and asked for the "Philly Cheesesteak" experience. The cashier said "say no more" and ordered the cheesesteak on seeded bread with cheese wiz and fried onions. He also suggested the waffle fries with white cheddar- which I went with-duh! And within 5 minutes I had the best tasting, savory, and juicy cheesesteak ever. Seriously will be craving this place in SF....

The seating area upstairs is super hip, urban and spacious. There No Bull here, just fresh beef! 

Yum yum yum! Don't pass up on this place .
Wanted to get an authentico cheesesteak in Philly. Thought this place fit the bill with its "high end" offerings of ribeye steak, but in the end it was pretty greasy and not cheesy enough. Not bad, just wouldn't go back especially since it's at a premium price point.
The beef italiano looked amazing with the red bell peppers and spinach.  All that gooey cheese, juicy meat mixed with tasty veggies brought me to cheesesteak nirvana. 

Clevers might be one of the best cheesesteaks out there! Forget the so call philly classics that suck.

We ordered the block, beef italiano and the waffle fries. There was so much flavor in the cheese, the meat and veggies. This is not your bland beef with cheese wiz here.The toasted bread held up well even with the moisture of the meat.  Visually, the sandwiches win in the meat to bread ratio. Tons of meat with very little bread. The fries were crisp on the outside without being hard.
Came on a weekend day and there was plenty of seating. The food and drinks here were cheap/average prices. The cheesesteak itself was a good size and they were not stingy on the toppings and meat. Beer here is pretty cheap and would see myself hanging out here with friends if I lived in Philadelphia. Service was very friendly and the seating is upstairs.

I recommend this place for a good cheesesteak that will hit the spot.
No trip to philly would be right without a cheesesteak, obv. It's hard to decide where to go as there are so many choices and also a lot of mixed reviews. We headed to Cleavers after much debate and It was a great first Philly cheesesteak experience! 

The place it's self honestly looks like any other fast food joint (but nicer). You take your pick from the menu on the board, order at the till and take your seat and wait. 

I opted for the EFFIN HOT STEAK it was soooo good. First of all it was HUGE (pics attached), had TWO types cheese (provolone and whiz), and was the perfect amount of spicy ness. I'll be honest and say I don't know if Cleavers is a classic example of a Philly cheesesteak but I also don't care cos it was that good! Would recommend!
Every other Thursday I order team lunch for my office and today we decided on cleavers. Their delivery is quick and the food is OK. My qualm however comes with the service I received today. This service is why they will never receive the business of my office again. I spent almost $200 plus tip to get treated like I'm an lying idiot, have missing food, and get charged for their mistakes. Had this not happened I would have given 3 stars. 

When our food arrived we unpacked it and I personally handed each person their orders. One sandwich was missing (a cleaver). No problem, so I call the restaurant. 

First I speak to one woman who says all the food should be in there. OK well it isn't. There was this whole back and forth "It must be in there Ma'am" "It isn't in here, I am positive" "No Ma'am it has to be in there." Then I get put on hold to speak with another person. A man this time (I believe his name is Mike), he said he personally packed up the bags and was at first pretty sure it was in there, then he was sure it was in there. Well sir..it isn't in any of the bags..and I am 100% sure it wasn't packed in there AND I paid for it. He said that someone must have taken the sandwich by mistake..I explain I handed out the food, everyone is sitting in front of me..that just isn't the case. Now you're making me feel like a liar and that I'm trying to cheat you. 

He complains that this is a $16 sandwich and that if one person is missing their food then I will have to order another one and have it delivered. The problem is, I paid for this sandwich and it wasn't in the bag...why do I have to pay for a replacement? I have 1 team member sitting here with no food so the only option I have is order another one because I can't waste time trying to reason with this man who was 100% wrong. He puts me on hold without warning and I get transferred to another woman. I again explain the situation and she says: "yeah I know you're supposed to order the other sandwich through me". 

Great, I really didn't feel as though I was done talking to Mike and I had not yet agreed to pay for their mistake. I really thought I could make him see reason. But alas, I have one person sitting here with no food, the rest of the team is eating...so I order the sandwich via credit card over the phone and it comes promptly. Wonderful delivery man by the way!

The next thing that really fires me up is that they have the nerve to charge me again for the delivery of the missing sandwich. So now I'm paying almost $23 for the mistake they made.

I understand I made a large order, but the fact is Cleavers...you messed up..you made me pay for it TWICE and that simply isn't right. Not only did you not pack a sandwich but you also messed up a few of the sandwiches customizations. Long hots were not present in one, roasted red peppers missing from another. 

Mostly I have issue with the fact that they can not admit they made a mistake and are putting that blame on me. Why on earth would I try to screw a restaurant over for 1 sandwich when I placed a $200 order? So you think I'm going to order this big list of sandwiches, fries and fried pickles..but leave out one sandwich then I'll call them and get a free sandwich? Who does that????
There are two sides to Cleavers: one is a compact sports bar while the other is a self-serve walk-up counter. On either side, you'll find decent, worthy cheesesteaks and hoagies.

Over at the bar, they've got about a dozen brews on tap and plenty more in cans and bottles in refrigerated cases. They're all good complements to the main action, which is the food. My BBQ cheesesteak was generously sized and had a huge helping of sliced steak that felt a tad meatier and denser, and a bit less fatty and low-quality, than at humdrum cheesesteak stands. 

Service is very fast, whether with the food or with the friendly bartenders. This stretch of town just steps away from Rittenhouse Square is getting quite upscale, so it's great to see thriving casual venues like this that you can frequent without breaking the bank.
Came here for the first time with a friend, it was actually both of our first times.  We wanted some cheese steaks so Cleavers was a few blocks away.

It's a cool modern place where they have a place where you can order for take out.  And then there is a little loft area were you can go up to their sports bar.  It has a few TVs to watch games. And a nice lineup of beer on tap.   Alcohol prices weren't too bad. $4 for a Miller light $8 for a 90 dog fish head.  $7 for a Jim beam.   

All the food on the menu sounded great and the pics from other patron looked awesome.  We ordered a grilled chicken cheese steak with whiz on the side. Nd Philly cheese steak egg rolls. 

The cheese steak egg rolls were freaking amazing!! Crispy shell and stuffed with shaved steak and cheese with a little onion and pepper.  I also dipped them in the side of whiz and it was heaven.  You get 3 egg rolls cut in half per order for $8.95.

The chicken cheese steak was really good the chicken was tender and juicy. It was cut into small pieces.   The bread was ok. But wish the bun was lightly toasted.  For that crunch texture.   That is the only knock on that sandwich.   But still good.

Great place to stop in for a drink and a cheese steak.  Or pick it up and eat on the go.
So good!!! My husband and I were staying at the Sonesta which was just up a block from Cleavers. There's a huge variety of cheesesteak options here and you can pick and choose what you want. I ordered a classic and it was HUGE. I added raw onions on top and it was perfect. I know this is probably a little more expensive than other cheesesteaks in the area but if you're in Center City area looking for a good option, this is it. 

Bonus points for the bar next door and upstairs seating area for when it gets busy.
Loved their Portobello cheese steak sandwich. I came here for a midnight "snack" with the fiance. The portion does not disappoint either.
First and foremost I want to start this review by saying I did order delivery to get this delivered.  So if my review differs from any persons on here it could be that I chose not to eat or pickup on my own. With that being said I was quite disappointed with this meal. I got the mushroom pepper and onion cheesesteak cooked rare. The meat was cooked all the way through to the point of being nearly crispy, the mushrooms, onions and peppers were soggy in the bread and had no real crunch or flavor to them. The steak itself had no taste other than salt, and they didn't even put cheese on the cheese steak, because apparently you have to pay extra for cheese.... on a cheesesteak...... idk about you but that implies it comes with the meal. I will say I ordered their waffle cut fries, and that was probably the only redeeming thing about this meal. Perfectly crispy, fresh, seasoned fries. I recommend regardless you order some with your meal, cause they were that good. I plan on giving this place another shot when the coronavirus pandemic is over and physically going there in order to get a better feel for the meal itself, but honestly this was a big disappointed to me, and that just sucks
I was excited to try my first Philly cheesesteak... but I made the mistake of ordering it with a wrap instead of sesame buns. I was definitely confused by their ordering system because this is different than other traditional cheesesteak place. You can easily customized and add different toppings if you want. You can even get just the toppings in a bowl? I thought the cheesesteak & toppings by itself was flavorless... it tasted like they forgot to add salt. The wrap was also soaked by the time I got home. (7min later) 

I highly discouraged getting it with wrap. lol
Wow, this place definitely has some serious cheesesteaks. I got The Block, which comes with portobello mushrooms, fried onions, green peppers, and sharp provolone. It was the cheesesteak equivalent of a blaring symphony in my mouth. Every ingredient was flavorful, tasty, and nicely textured, and they all tasted great together. The bread was fresh and not too chewy nor crunchy. It was a bit pricier than I'd typically spend for lunch (over $12 after taxes), but the portion was definitely the most generous I've seen in my life among cheesesteaks, and this isn't even the 1lb-"Cleaver" that I'm afraid to try. 

Even though I only ate half of my cheesesteak for lunch, I was full until 8PM. I'll be saving the other half for lunch tomorrow. Some members of my group got sweet potato waffle fries, which were also amazing and very well-portioned for the price ($4). (The white cheddar sauce probably goes better with the regular fries than the sweet potato fries, though.) I should stop reading their menu and drooling over the thought of having their Loaded Fries and Steak Fries. I'm happy that this place is just a stone's throw away from my work, but the downside is that I'll have to exert some serious self-discipline to keep myself from snacking on their fries and cheesesteaks every day.
A bit pricey for sandwiches, but they can take my money. To match the value of the pricing, they put overwhelming amounts of meat in the sandwiches. They use high-quality ingredients. The best part: They freaking brand their bread. My go-to sandwich is the CBR - cutlet version. I go somewhere else for Philly cheesesteaks, but I don't think I'd be disappointed if I tried theirs. I'm more excited to go back and try their waffle fries. All of them.

Staff is friendly. They renovated some time ago and now, there's a bar upstairs for dine-in and beer!
This was my first "official" Philly cheesesteak.  I've had a lot of cheesesteaks before but never in Philadelphia so I suppose those were all "unofficial" cheesesteaks.

I searched Yelp to help me determine where to go.  I was staying near Rittenhouse Square and this was a local option that seemed to be pretty popular and pretty well reviewed.

I showed up on the late side for dinner and asked the young lady who takes the orders to help me order a traditional Philly cheesesteak.  She recommended the unseeded bread, with whiz and fried onions so that's exactly what I ordered.  I grabbed a couple of cups of water and headed upstairs with my number to wait for my food to arrive.

My first impression when the food arrived was "damn, that's a big ass sandwich!"  My second impression was that there was zero chance I could eat all of it and how glad I was that I passed on the fries as a side dish.

Not surprisingly, the food was piping hot.  Seriously, scald your mouth and your fingers hot.  I let it sit.

Once it was cool enough to handle I finally got my first bite.  The beef was a bit more mildly flavored that I expected but that could just be due to the abundance of flavor from the whiz and onions.  Still, each bite was pretty well mixed between the four components: steak, bread, whiz and onions.  I made it through half of the sandwich and then slowed down significantly.  Far less than another quarter was consumed and I was stuffed.  

Overall, a good experience.  The idea of whiz did not appeal but it actually worked well in the sandwich.  The food was served piping hot and everything tasted very fresh.  With the amount of business they do, I don't think it's even possible for ingredients to age in their store.
My girlfriend and I stopped by Cleavers after shopping at the Rittenhouse Square Farmers Market. The restaurant is clean, bright, and well decorated. You order at the counter on the first floor, and there's a seating area upstairs with a few TV's. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the sandwiches. I had a cheesesteak with provolone on a seeded roll. The meat was tender and not too fatty, and the meat-to-cheese ratio was pretty on point. The Roll was also pretty good. While the quality of the sandwich was great, it didn't have a ton of flavor. Cleavers is definitely a good option for a cheesesteak in the city.
Alright there's Philly cheesesteaks then there's Philly cheesesteaks that place over there does it wrong then there's place like Cleavers that are doing it right in many different ways you decide what ones for you!

Coming here was kinda an adventure but very much worth it as the building was boarded up leaving only the sign on the roof and an arrow pointing to the door handle as this location is downtown and due to current situations that's why it's like this.

Once inside they have a small little area to eat next to the bar area again they have limited seating because of the world right now either way it was still awesome to eat inside and get this delicious Philly hot right in front of me on this cold rainy day!

Of the delicious choices I totally went with the Effin Hot Steak as I love hot peppers and onions on my steak as that's just what's totally good and this cheesesteak was just that a pile of cheesy steak pepper and onion goodness that was huge on a delicious fresh baked bun that just was perfect in soo many ways!

Could this be the best of the cheesesteaks I've ever had I totally think yes as it was just super awesome from start to finish as you really couldn't go wrong in anyway!

Our server/bartender was awesome she was in top of it and very particular about distancing and the way she went about it which was totally what's good!

Overall there really wasn't anything that went down here that wasn't just awesome as my effin hot steak was beyond perfect so much so that I really hope to make it back here again because it's totally just what's good in soo many cheesy ways!
What is wrong with me? How have I POSSIBLY not rated Cleavers yet? Cleavers is a few blocks from where I work in Philadelphia, and... let's put it this way: I've moved to Memphis for a while temporarily because of COVID, and there's only one restaurant that I'm waking up wishing I could just walk to and it's this one. And as we all know Memphis has done great food so that's saying something.

I always get the chicken Parm of barbecue chicken sandwiches. They are so amazing alone, but if you add a black and white shake onto it -- absolutely amazing. If you're going to cleavers you should always call ahead (COVID Szn or not) because they do take about 15 minutes to make the food and they also have other customers start to line up around lunch, but it's worth it.
I had a steak sandwich with green bell peppers.  The sandwich was really delicious, the best steak sandwich that I have had in Philadelphia, definitely much better than the one I had at Sonny's on Market Street.  The sandwich was quite large with lots of meat, but I certainly expected that much meat for $8.95.  They also have a couple freestyle soda machines with lots of drink options.  The staff was friendly, and the place is clean. The dining area is upstairs, so if you have trouble negotiating stairs, then this could be a concern.  I would definitely return and highly recommend Cleavers.
We had some friends recommend Cleavers, so we went on a Friday night around 7:30. The place was fairly empty, but I suspect that's because it is new and word hasn't gotten out yet.

The workers are extremely friendly. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and handed a menu at the counter. The place looks really clean and is incredibly spacious for a quick eats spot in the city. You order your meal downstairs but seating is upstairs, an excellent separation which will come in handy when they get busy. They also bring your food to you upstairs, along with any specialty drinks you ordered.

I ordered the "Pizazz," which is a cheesesteak with fried mozzarella and tomato sauce on it. My boyfriend got "The Block," and we also split the fried green beans. Everything was delicious, and super filling. I stuck with a seeded roll this time, but next time I may choose their wrap option so I can actually finish the whole thing.

I drank a Not Your Father's Root Beer, but I think I will try it with ice cream next time. They have a fun menu of alcoholic beverages, including alcoholic floats, whiskey shakes, and more.

Their menu is extensive and unique, and I would say it is appropriately priced for the quality of the food. They even have salads and vegetarian options! I will definitely be back.
Oh my. This cheesesteak is the sh*t! Especially after working 13 hours and accompanied by some Knob Creek 100 proof. The sesame roll was perfect and the sammich had some really nice flavor AND weight to it
I was in town for a quick business trip. I hadn't been in Philly since 2006 and was looking forward to a good cheesesteak. 

Instead of going to the touristy places like Geno, Jim, or Sonny, I found this place two blocks away from my hotel. I am so glad I came here instead! Their cheesesteak is not to be messed with!

I ordered a side of sweet potato waffle fries and they were crispy and delicious. For my cheesesteak, I went for the ribeye with fried onions, portobello mushroom, and cheese wiz. I had no idea how big the sandwich would be until they brought it out. This cheesesteak is big enough for two people to share! Great value!

After I took a bite into my cheesesteak, I knew I'd be coming back the next time I'm in town, and I wouldn't be going to any of those more well known places anymore. The meat was so tender, juicy, and full of flavor. The cheese wiz was delicious and complimented everything perfectly. I devoured my giant sandwich and this was the only meal of the day for me. I went home a very happy woman.

When you are in Philly, skip all the other cheesesteak places and come here instead!
Having experienced some more of Philly's offerings, I've realized that Cleavers is actually deserving of a five star review. The facilities, quality of food, service... in comparison to the other regular guys in the city is head and shoulders above. The fact that they take card payments, and are located in such a convenient spot is also great.

All this, and they still manage to keep the price of the basic philly cheesesteak (basic cheesesteak with whiz and onions) the same price as some of the other places? Really great job. I don't typically eat any of the other offerings since I guess I'm just a cheesesteak person, but they have a huge range of options if beef isn't for you.

Refer to my previous review to read a commentary on some of the other aspects of this place, but I had to make a point to upgrade my previous assessment of this spot.
I literally just had Tony Luke's before this (you can check out my review there too). My Uber driver told me to come here for Philly's best cheesesteak so here I am. 

Food: See Pic (65%) 
 Taste to price 5/5
 Quality to price 5/5
 Portion to price 4/5
 Average = 4.7

Service (20%)  
 Friendliness 4/5
 Promptness 4/5
 Average = 4

Cleanliness (15%) 
 Bathroom 4/5
 Dining area 4/5
 Kitchen area 4/5
 Average = 4

Overall Score = [F(.65)]+[S(.20)]+C(.15)]
    = [3.1]+[0.8]+[0.6] 
    = 4.5

What else to know: Pretty good. The steak was cut thin and ribbon-like. Quality steak was used here. Bread was nice and crispy. Good portion here; they didn't over do it and it wasn't small either. "Cleaner" tasting than Tony Luke's. Great beer selection. I was not disappointed with this place. Will return.
Bet I bump this up to 5-stars when I finally get to try the place in person.

VERY solid for delivery.  Made the cheese swap I requested.  Arrived within a reasonable amount of time.  Love the quality box they put these monsters in.  GINORMOUS (as in two full meals and one we snack!).  And that ribeye.  Perfect quality!

NEED MORE IN MY MOUTH NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Good food. The waffle fries are excellent. Of course that's is Philly the cheesesteaks great. Service was pretty quick seating is located upstairs staff is friendly.
Fantastic cheesesteak. The venue is nicer than other places and it's close the major downtown hotels. The cheesesteak is awesome. Wonderful flaky, soft, chewy bread with flavorful sliced meat. The different options they have are excellent too. I split a Papas favorite and Effin Hot (both excellent) Portions are large and will leave you satisfied. Prices are fair ~10-13 dollars for a BIG cheesesteak.
For a high-quality, plump, delicious cheesesteak in downtown Philly, Cleavers is the place to be. There's really no wrong way to order your sandwich, but here they recommend American cheese with your classic cheesesteak. I mean, come on, this is America where we are free to eat whatever we want in however much quantities, so show your patriotism by ordering your food with USA USA USA American cheese baby! Cheese whiz is the other option which many Philadelphians prefer. Equally important, they have a good draft beer list to go along with your satisfyingly tasty sandwich.

If you only have one opportunity to grab a cheesesteak in Philly and want it to be the one of the best, then Cleavers is a great choice to obtain the symbolic sandwich! No, you don't need to make your way south to Geno's/Pat's for greatness.
my first cheesesteak ever! soooo good! yah, it's fancy cheesesteaks but whatever! they're delicious. and their portions are huge! 

they just opened and my boss tried them for lunch today. she enjoyed it so a coworker and i decided to stop by after work to pick up dinner. the interior is cute and the staff was friendly. i ended up ordering the effin hot steak because i enjoy spicy stuff and a side order of their sweet potato fries...yahhhh nom nom nom 

they also have a good selection of beers you can enjoy there or take out! ballast point, goose island, kona, lagunitas, guinness...those are all i can remember but they have a good variety. 

the only thing i would fix maybe, i ordered my food to-go so when i got home, my sweet potato fries were a little soggy. i still ate them though. also, because their portions are large, it was awkward carrying the food all the way home. i would have appreciated a better carry-out bag. 

anyways, i will def be stopping in to this place again!
Cleavers is a spectacular cheesesteak restaurant. The flavors of the onion, melted cheese, and steak all came together on my sandwich. In addition to being good, you get a pretty hefty sandwich for just ~$10. 

Service here is also pretty good. Despite the sandwich customization options, the line moved really quickly. In fact, there was barely a line at all, and after ordering, I got my hot-off-the-grill sandwich in less than 10 minutes.
I really liked the cheesesteak place located in Center City. Lots of different cheesesteak options, no long ridiculous tourist lines, bar available for adult beverages, eating area, etc!
Everyone has their favorite cheesesteak in this city, and I am no exception. This is not my favorite, but it ranks in the top 3! The meat is chopped perfectly, the cheese is melty and the roll is crusty but chewy in all the right places. I also go for seeds on my roll, but you get the choice to go seeds or not. There is seating upstairs and a bar off to the side, or you can take your cheesesteak to go. The seating upstairs is plentiful, and there's a bathroom upstairs as well. 

There's also chicken options and sides, for those that are non-cheesesteak lovers, but honeslty, you need to try the cheesesteak, you won't be disappointed!
1,000th review, no big deal.

This visit was long overdue. My expectations grew larger as the days passed until it morphed into something that was unattainable.

The restaurant is very clean with the service center straight ahead upon walking in. The menu is on the wall to the right, the bar is located directly behind the counter divided by a wall and there is and upstairs seating area.

Coca-Cola fountains at you self-service.

Two cheesesteaks with whiz and two colas. We were given a number and advised to take a seat anywhere. Anticipation growing once the cherry cokes 47g of sugar hit my bloodstream.

Upon arrival, we almost thought they forgot the whiz as the roll was toppled over by the ribeye! Once we noticed the cheese on the bottom it half surrendered our fears of no/not enough cheese. The roll was strong and held up, the beef was plentiful and tasty but the whiz was my only gripe. Definitely not enough. We had to order two side of whiz for around $3.25. 

All in all, it was a good experience but it does not crack my top 3 cheesesteaks.
Had a late Saturday night hankering for cheesesteaks a few weekends ago and landed on this place for delivery from UberEats.

First off, adorable packaging.  I opened it to reveal a piping hot, steaming and FRESH cheesesteak.  Super soft yet sturdy roll, high quality meat, oozing American cheese and sweet fried onions.  Absolutely delicious.

I was happy they had waffle fries, as they've become my new go-to for delivery.  They were good, but not nearly as crispy and well-seasoned as Pastificios.  But, those cheesesteaks were so damn good (probably the best I've had in recent past), that it makes up for it.

Will definitely order again from here!
So many cheesesteak and beer options here! At first I was pretty skeptical about having cheesesteaks at this fairly new restaurant (I mean, aren't the best Philly cheesesteaks out in the hole-in-the-wall spots somewhere in the burbs?), but the food here is solid and completely hits the spot.

The cheesesteaks here come in 10 inch sizes with your choice to have it served on a seeded/unseeded roll, white/rye wrap, or a bowl (fillings only). If you're not feeling like having the classic beef, you can also opt for different chicken-style cheesesteaks, veggie style cheesesteaks, or even salads. Despite it being a cheesesteak joint, there's surprisingly a lot of choices for everyone.

I came with a group of five and we shared the classic Cheesesteak, Papa's Favorite Steak, Cheesesteak Hoagie, Effin' Hot Steak, and a side of sweet potato fries. Our favorites were probably the Effin Hot Steak (SUPER spicy, but tasty) and the Cheesesteak Hoagie (classic cheesesteak with nice veggies to balance out all the beef and cheese). 

The restaurant is fast casual with plenty of seating upstairs. Service was eh but overall a nice spot in downtown Philly to grab a cheesesteak.
I was walking around center city and stumbled upon this place.
The restaurant has a menu board you can order from and you can either get your food to go or grab a number and head upstairs where a server will bring your food to you. 
I didn't see the upstairs because I got mine to go. The line moved pretty quick and I got my food in about five minutes tops.
I got the buffalo chicken sandwich. It was so so good. A little big for a lunch portion though. If I were to come back for lunch I would split a sandwich with someone.
They also had a wide selection of beer to choose from. People were actually getting a beer with there lunch which is kinda weird for me but whatever still kinda cool that they offer it. It was something new I haven't seen in the city.
Wow, cleaver(s) is such a fitting name for this place due to the sheer amount of meat that comes with each cheesesteak. My boyfriend and I ordered our cheesesteaks expecting a generous helping of meat and cheese - as anyone would when they order the infamous Philly cheesesteak but when they brought our order to us, my mouth dropped at the amount of steak. Granted this was my first "real" cheesesteak but I wouldn't of asked for a better place to have it. They have some interesting combinations that I wouldn't mind trying out the next time I visit philly.

They also had an extensive beer menu where their prices actually match those at the grocery store. This means rather than paying $5 for a PBR or bud lite, they actually offer $2 or $3 beers so that you can have as much booze with your steak as you please. They also offer some pretty cool boozy shakes that would have been a meal in and of itself but I sadly couldn't stomach all of that food. Next time though, I want to try heir zucchini fries and boozy shakes! 

I would totally recommend if you're looking for a ton of meat and a very new and up and coming cheesesteak place in Philly. I will def. be coming back for more of their crazy cheesesteak concoctions.
I eat a lot of cheesesteaks. I have been eating them for close to a half century. I don't know if that qualifies me as an expert or a candidate for a massive heart attack, but just so you as readers know,  I am not an out-of-towner from Iowa directed here by my concierge during a convention. 

This place has been open almost a year, and after having driven past it several times, I decided it was time to give it a shot. A new joint, smack in Center City dedicated to furthering the art of the cheesesteak is something I have put off visiting far too long.

Right off Rittenhouse Square, Cleavers is a brand-spanking new take on a classic Philly tradition. They absolutely push the envelope in terms of steak sammies, but in a positive way. Chicken steaks, which have long been accepted as a healthier alternative share the stage with portobellos in addition to the classic rib eye. Chicken can be ordered as breaded cutlets or flame-grilled. There are a number of salad options, and "sandwich" ingredients can be had as wraps, or even in bowls. There is a huge selection of reasonably priced beers, ciders and "hard" sodas as well as scrumptious milk shakes (with or without liquor added.) But I digress. I came here for a cheese with.

.. and a cheese with is what I got. Iconoclasts, but not without respect, Cleavers are not divas. Whiz is proudly served along with American, Sharp Provolone and even Mozzarella. I went with a blend of Whiz and American... and pizza sauce. Cheese, fried onions and sauce is my "goto" so I thought it best to start with what I usually order. 

A "classic" steak is $9.95 which seems on the high end, but when you consider the quality of the ingredients, the massive quantity on the sandwich, and the fact you can relax with an adult beverage, while someone schleps your food up the flight of stairs to your table within minutes, you realize the extra buck or so is for good reason (not to mention the location.) You order at a counter, grab your drink and head upstairs. No phony "Pat's" rituals, and I suspect they would gladly take your order in Spanish.

As you might be able to glean from the picture, one of the first things you notice about a Cleavers steak is that they blend EVERYTHING together on the flat top. This is not a bunch of meat with some cheese melted on top, with onions tossed on and then a dollop of sauce ladled over it. This approach, IMO is the best in achieving the "gestalt" where each bite is a blend of all the elements from first to last.

Here is the catch ... The rolls (which I understand are baked especially for them by Abruzzi bakery in Point Breeze) though fresh, chewy and available seeded or unseeded lack CRUST. I'm not even talking Sarcone's or Carangi crust, but these have less than an Amoroso or Liscios. I'm sure it's a conscious decision on their part to go with a softer roll. Maybe it appeals more to the first-timers who likely make up much of the clientele.

My son's Whiz/American steak held up well, but he did not have sauce or fried onions. The amount of moisture in mine (coupled with the enormous quantity of meat) required about a third of the sandwich to be consumed with a fork. I could NEVER have eat this walking down Chestnut, or driving my car down 76 (not that I normally recommend THAT but I have accomplished both in the past.)

The roll was not "wonder bread" by any means, but as a warning, if you like your steaks with sauce as I do, be prepared to eat it like a meal.

They offer a variety of fries waffle (traditional and sweet potato) and steak cut as well as pickles, chicken fingers, fried green beans and zucchini sticks. One order of anything is enough to share with 2-3 people.

My wife, being health-conscious, ordered the salad. It was basically a regular iceberg salad with steak meat tossed on top. It didn't really work out, because she didn't wolf down all the meat first, so it got cold.

The meat here is chopped coarsely, which is great...neither whole-slice like Steve's or minced like D'Allesandro or Momma's. Still, it is meant to be eaten right away.

I'm not sure how well their rolls are going over with the locals who eat at John's Roast Pork, and Chink's (Joe's) or Chubby's etc. Because of their location, it seems they mostly get out of towners from the hotel trade sent by the local concierge to assure they will have a happy and hygienic experience. And they will. I'm not sure they will ever become legendary in the sense of our hole-in-the-wall joints. They are a little gimmicky, but show respect for the tradition wile having some fun... and we can all use some.

They are worth a visit, and in their neighborhood, the Steve's outpost is their only real competition. I wish them well, and will return when I'm in the hood again.
Taco waffle fries: absolutely impeccable 

Waffle fries: crunchy and thick 
White cheddar cheese sauce: yummy
Pico de gallo: daily serving of veggies 
Grilled chicken: very nicely flavored 


My first dining experience at cleavers was very enjoyable. I came during the heat of lunch rush but I received my food in less than 10 minutes. I will definitely be back to try their epic looking cheese steaks!
I've been visiting Philly at least once every year, and every time I do, I have to eat at Cleavers because its cheesesteaks are absolutely delectable! My friend and I ordered the classic Effin' Hot Steak, Cheesesteak Hoagie bowl, and Garlic Parmesan Fries, and all three were perfect. 
     I have tried cheesesteaks from other famous places such as Geno's and Pat's, but I've noticed a slight bit of foul smell that would usually come from meat that has been stored for some time. However, Cleavers is clearly different as I can deduce from the taste, smell, appearance, and overall experience, and I think that's pretty important since the steak really constitutes most of the cheesesteak experience (hence the name), not to mention the equally delightful bread roll, cooked just well enough for the outer crust to be crispy and the inner parts to be soft and chewy. 
     Also, the diversity of options that Cleavers menu offers is very nice. It has cheesesteak options for chicken meat and many choices of sides, and you can order your cheesesteak as classic sandwiches, wraps, or bowls (which is a great option for those trying to watch their carbs). Frankly, when I ordered my Cheesesteak Hoagie as a bowl, I was worried that it would be too salty without the bread. But, it was actually not salty at all (in my opinion) because of the lettuce and onions, and it tasted just as good as the classic sandwich style - I'd highly recommend if you're trying to get a bowl. And needless to say, the waffle fries were also very good - crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with just the right amount of flavor to make it a relatively lighter dish, complementing the heavy taste of the cheesesteaks. 
     In short, if you're looking for a nice, clean, welcoming, and delicious sit-down cheesesteak place, Cleavers is the way to go!!!
Out of all the places I've visited for a cheesesteak, Cleavers has been the neatest and probably most organized. As I walked in, someone came over to help right away--she was very helpful. I ordered my cheesesteak, waffle fries and boozy shake.

I read a few reviews about this place, prior to me coming, and I anticipated being blown away by the cheesesteak. However, while the cheesesteak was alright, it was the boozy shake that was my favorite item from here. I didn't think the cheesesteak had enough and could have been seasoned a little better. On the other hand, the shake was just what the doctor ordered. It was extremely hot outside and definitely hit the spot. It was so great, that I came back, and got a second one. My first choice was the Coconilla and my second was the Pina Colada. Both were great, along with the customer service I received.
Stopped into Cleavers on a whim on a Saturday afternoon to see what they were all about. It's still the same general set-up as Good Stuff Eatery, but it's fresher and cleaner looking. I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the food and drink menus. They have a coca-cola freestyle machine, a ton of bottled beers, regular milkshakes and "adult" milkshakes. I was boring and went with the regular cheesesteak with American cheese on an unseeded bun. The thing was substantial and delicious! Dining Partner had a chicken cheese steak with fresh mozzarella. I'm excited that even in it's early stages the place is doing great things! Will definitely come back.
Just got done visiting Philly. Bartender in the Sonesta Hotel recommended Cleavers for a cheesesteak. Checked it out and in my opinion this is the best cheesesteak in Philly that I've had. I've been to Pats and Jims. This place is great, they fully load the roll with steak which is really flavorful. Even the bread tastes great. The service is great and the environment is clean and friendly. They also have a variety of waffle fries which is a plus. Would definitely be there every week if I lived in Philly.
Went on Cinco De Mayo after the tacos weren't hitting the spot! lol I ordered the cheesesteak, my fiancé ordered the chicken cheesesteak and we shared a "boozy" birthday cake milkshake. My fiance took one bite and said "OMG this is so good, it's real chicken breast". I loved my cheesesteak as well! I was going to originally order a strawberry milk shake but I'm so glad I took one the employees suggestion to get the birthday cake milkshake...so so good. I can't wait to go back and  I'm trying the waffle fries next time. Great food, great service, clean atmosphere...I'm definitely a fan!!
Philly cheesesteaks were on point here! Jam packed with all the fixins. Everything that we ordered did not disappoint. For four people, we split three cheesesteaks - bbq, hoagie and the classic. We also ordered a bunch of side dishes to share - mozzarella moons, fried pickles and loaded fries.

When you arrive, you place your order at the counter. They'll ask you if you're staying or ordering takeout. If you decide to dine in, they'll give you a number to place on your table. Once the food is done, a server will look for your number and deliver the food.

This place also has a wide selection of beers as well.
Far and away my favorite Philly cheesesteak, and I've had most all of the notables more than once: Pat's, Geno's, Dalessandro's, Tony Luke's, et al. IMO the key to a great Philly cheesesteak is combining all ingredients on the flat top to make a homogeneous sandwich - the cheesesteak is a food form where you want every bite to be the same - and they do this masterfully at Cleavers. The other shops are more about speed and will layer your requested toppings/ingredients wherever is most convenient for them, which can be super annoying - I don't want my crushed hot peppers and mushrooms sogging up all in the bottom crack of my sub roll, I want them interspersed!

Also wayyy better at Cleavers are the ingredients. Their meats are actually flavorful on their own (unlike ALL of the competitors which tend to taste like minced up boiled mystery meat), their cheese is actually sharp and flavorful (the "sharp provolone" at all the competitors is really bland and never sharp at all) and Cleavers' hoagie roll is far superior in terms of softness and fresh-baked goodness. My lunch pal and I got 2 sandwiches and swapped halves with each other. We got the Beef Italiano w/cherry hot pepper relish ($11.25) and the Effin' Hot Steak with the Sriracha Aioli on the side ($10). Both were spectacular. We would get them both again in a heartbeat.

The price is perfectly average ($9-$11 depending on what you get), and they take credit cards! They also have an extreme mega deal where if you buy 6 of the same sandwiches you get 40% off - the hard part is you have to convince your pals to get 6 of the same... or you could just be the cheesesteak fairy and hand them out to your valet guy, your concierge, and your favorite hotel bartenders while you're in town. Leave one for the housekeeper, too!

Bonus points for actually having individual long sandwich boxes for their to-go orders. I am officially a big Cleavers fan, and I will no longer be swayed to go to any of the more 'famous' shops.
The food though good, the manager a Caucasian woman was rather rude and unprofessional. It appears that when she spoke with anyone of African descent, her mannerism was extremely rude. She yelled at a guy who was waiting for his food and when I asked about something on the menu, she was rather obnoxious. Yet, when a Caucasian man asked the same question I asked, she was rather pleasant. It is time we stopped spending our money at these Caucasian establishments who do not offer excellent customer service to new customers or visitors who patronize their business.
I had so many recommendations of cheesesteak but decided to come here and it was a great choice.  I got a cheesesteak with mushrooms, grilled peppers and onions and provolone cheese.  The sandwich was a generous portion and very tasty.  I also liked that they had a full bar and plenty of seating.  I would definitely come back if I am in town again.
This is hands-down the best Philly cheesesteak I've ever had. This was their last restaurant we went to before we left Philly. thank God we did this restaurant last because  it left a lasting impression.
Philly cheesesteak 
Of course I had their Philly cheesesteak and it was absolutely amazing. It was everything you wanted in a Philly cheesesteak and more. Words cannot describe how good the sandwich was. I have a tendency to save half of the sandwich for the next day and I couldn't I had to have the whole thing all in one sitting.
Fries
We also ordered a side of fries and it was excellent as well. I made a comment to my brother that they taste like high quality checker fries. Because they had that excellent seasoning but it was so crispy.
Cheesecake 
We got the cheesecake to go and it was excellent as well the only thing I wish I would've done was Heat it up a little bit because it was cold. 
Service
The service was pretty good the problem was we are eating in the bar area so the bartender was in charge of everything. She did an excellent job getting to us but I can tell she was overwhelmed with all the customers and all the different things that were going on.
Overall 
Overall I would have to say this was an amazing experience and I highly recommend this place to anyone coming to Philadelphia
I ordered and had the Chicken Italiano made with grilled chicken. The sandwich was LARGE and the flavor was good although the chicken breast was a little on the dry side, however, chicken breast is easy to dry out and in light of the possibility of salmonela, a tad overcooked is better than undercooked. Everyone else in the office enjoyed their sandwiches so all around a good place.  I can see myself going back to try one of the ribeye sandwiches.
We had cheesesteaks delivered to our hotel. Husband got the cleaver. As promised, it's gigantic. 

Both sandwiches came in cardboard containers, which made them less messy and easier to eat. They also included napkins, which is so helpful. 

Both sandwiches are big. Tons of meat. 

I love that you can customize them. You can pick your cheese, veggies, other condiments like mayo, mustard, ranch, etc. You also can customize how much you want (light, normal, double, etc). 

I wasn't sure how much double would be for the cheese, so I went with normal. I wish I'd gone with double cheese whiz. It's not very much (see pic). 

The meat is flavorful. 

The sweet peppers are very good. 

It's a good, very hearty sandwich.
This is one of those places I classify as really good. Maybe short of truly great in my mind. But really good. 

The cheesesteak egg rolls are tremendous. They give you a huge portion with a really good spicy dip. I also liked the waffle fries option. I am Team Waffle Fries. 

My boy enjoyed his chicken fingers. Again, huge portion. He couldn't finish them, and he's usually good at knocking back an entire chicken finger order. 

It's the type of place that I wouldn't necessarily drive in from Delco just to come here. But if I decide to kick around Rittenhouse Square for a few hours I will choose it because it's easy and delicious without being pretentious.
Decided to give this place a shot last night to celebrate the boyfriend's birthday and satisfy a hankering for cheese steak. First impressions - the menu is pretty great with a variety of steak options as well as various options to deliver their cheesy goodness to your mouth. Going "low carb"? Try it naked! On a diet? Kid yourself that you're eating healthy by getting a "skinny" wrap. They also have boozy milkshakes which I didn't try out but have on good authority are awesome. 

He went with a create your own and I got the "Effin Hot". You order, they give you a number and you seat yourself. The soda machine was lacking options. No diet options the night I was there (how do I continue to fool myself if I can augment my "Skinny" cheese steak with a diet soda? The food itself was okay. The steak was a little dry and kind of chewy. I did LOVE all of the toppings on my naked Effin Hot. It is definitely HOT.  

Overall impression: This place is "okay" but not quite as good as other less fancy options in town. Worth a try but not in love with it.
Forget about pat and genos.  When staying in Philadelphia you must try cleavers.  I had the italiano steak in a bowl.  
Mushrooms onions ribeye and provolone cheese.  I added extra meat.  It was huge.  Enough for three meals.  Best cheesesteak in Philadelphia by far.  The manager Electra was awesome.   

Ed 
Insta : @soflo_bjj
If you've tried Pats,Genos, and Jims with the same blasé reaction as me..... then you may want to try Cleavers. Quality of meat is better, overall taste is better. You just need to emphasize how you want it. Get it toasted with extra cheese, plus onions/peppers. I actually enjoyed their steak.
It's been a while since I've had a great new cheesteak; and I got it today, thanks to a friend and I taking a chance on Cleavers!

Maybe I was a little disgruntled for taking this long to come here, because the Good Stuff Eatery closed up here about a year ago. But a friend and I have been wanting to try something new, so I figured we'd give it a shot. And both of us were so glad that we did.

The food was delicious, and it was a reasonable amount for the money they charge; it's rare that I feel that way at most places these days. The sandwich had a great hunk of ribeye in it, the seeded roll was super-delicious and just the right crunchiness, and they have endless soda/tea fountains. Quite honestly, they hit the mark on everything that I look for in a place.

I grabbed a Papa's Favorite Steak sandwhich, which essentially is a pizza cheesesteak, not really expecting to be impressed. Usually pizza steaks go south real quick if the sauce is crappy. Well, Cleaver's sauce is NOT crappy! I couldn't recall the last time a pizza steak woke me up like this, it's been too long! Hahaa 

There is a table to sit at on the first floor, but seating really is on the second floor. 

It's not easy for me to give a 5-star rating in this town. But with Cleaver's, it was a no-brainer. Check this place out!

EDIT: I love this place even more, after trying their Chicken Parm cutlet sandwich! The chicken here is excellent.
Cleavers you have now officially taken the number one spot in my book to find the best cheesesteak in Philly. Overall, when it comes to Cleavers - if you literally see the name "cheesesteak" a picture of Cleavers should be next to it from now on. What sets apart the Cleavers cheesesteak from others in the city, is the ribeye meat itself. Very flavor and juicy on its own, but once you add the cheese and the fried onions - this takes this cheesesteak to a whole new level. Would highly recommend this place over some of the more famous cheesesteak places in the city. This by far is a sleeper when it comes to the competition. For those who are not meat lovers, they have tons of other options as well to chose from. My second love from here is the CBR - chicken cheesesteak with ranch, lettuce, and thick cut bacon. 

Tip: Also veggie friendly if you would prefer to remove meat all together with options featuring portobello mushrooms.

Cheesesteak Rankings - 1) Cleavers 2) John's Roast Pork (yes they also serve highly rated cheesesteaks too)  3) Jim's
Cleavers has the absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced. The cheesesteak had absolutely no cheese in it so I went inside to ask for more. The manager told me that he put cheese and if I wanted more cheese I would have to bring my food to him to prove it. It's ridiculous that he wanted to examine my food and refused to even give me a side of cheese. We brought the food in and they still refused to add cheese and refused to give us napkins after we got our hands dirty "proving" there was no cheese. I don't know how they are still in business. I'm sure they're saving a lot of money not adding cheese to the cheeseteak. Will never be coming back here and hope you don't either. Plenty of better options close by.
People love to talk cheese steak in the city of cheese steaks. I have had every notable one in the city - and this is hands down one of the best. The thinly sliced rib eye was by far, the most flavorful steak I have had. Perfectly paired with the bread, where there isn't much grease and your sandwich stays in tack - I could go on And on but by now you should clearly get the gist and bookmark this as a must. It's either my #1 or #2 best cheese steak.
One star for the receptionist's attitude when I asked for four cups of water for my friends who had ordered just in front of me, he replied, "sorry man, only one cup per person", and I said, they had just gone ahead to grab a table, and he said, "well they can circle back if they want to get it themselves."

Three stars for the cheese steaks, I've tried the Beefsteak italiano and the Papa's favorite steak. You can get the fillings on a roll, seeded/unseeded, white or wheat wrap, or a bowl. Overall, decent taste, warm cheesy filling. It's honestly person to person dependent on your individual preferences at the time, but I think it's a decent spot for cheese steaks that aren't the long waits at the other Hyped Philly spots.

Ambience has nice music and clean, polished tabletops upstairs for seating. 

Tips/Takeaways:
-worth checking out at least once and deciding for yourself how it ranks against other Philly cheese steaks
Cleavers is the place is you want a delicious cheesesteak! Their sandwiches are packed with lots of meat and flavor with a large variety of sandwiches as well as cheesesteak bowls!

The place is very clean, the staff is welcoming and very friendly. The upstairs provides a large seating area and the staff brings the food up for you! 

I can't wait to try a boozy milkshake next time. The beers are extremely cheap for the area and there is a large variety as well. 

This place is a gem, I highly recommend it!
