I really enjoyed lunch at CO-OP this week. The restaurant is incredibly beautiful. My friend and I were hoping to sit outside, and when we mentioned this to the hostess, she hit a button and the walls started to fold up into the building! 

There were a lot of tasty-sounding dishes available for lunch, but I wanted to keep things relatively light with a salad. I ordered the kale salad with the dressing and blue cheese on the side. I also added avocado and grilled shrimp. The salad was quite large and very pretty. There was an entire half of perfectly-ripe avocado, which I loved! I wasn't so crazy about the green goddess dressing; it didn't really have much flavor. I'd order this salad again for sure, but perhaps with a vinaigrette, instead. 

I told my husband last night that I really want to return for dinner sometime. And I'd be very interested to know whether or not they offer a happy hour. That's one I'd be willing to go out of my way for, mos def.
I think CO-OP is a great addition to the eastern University City dining scene.  I liked everything about it.  It is bright and airy which you notice as soon as you walk in.  The service was friendly and very competent - several service staff brought or cleared dishes insuring a smooth flow to the meal.  And most important of all - the food was good ... real good!  The Deviled Egg appetizer was a mouth-watering way to begin.  They can def be addictive, don't you think?  A Mac 'n Cheese for my main dish was oozing with cheese(s) and flavor.  And the Cherry Cobbler topped with ice cream is a perfect Philly summer dessert. CO-OP made a really fine first impression!
3.5 stars rounded down.

I think that CO-OP has a lot of promise. Often, it delivers on that promise. The venue is beautiful and on a warm day, the open air design is perfect, offering both indoor and outdoor seating that allows you to feel the warm breeze.

The cocktail I had (Daughter of the Devil) was sweet but great! Tequila, pineapple, chili, a strong, sweet and spicy combination. The starters were largely competent. The calamari was fine, the shishito peppers were good (though hard to mess those up, I'll admit), and the brussels sprouts were sweet and delicious--my favorite starter, despite being pretty greasy.

Now, my main complaint was that the main dishes were pretty lackluster, and my crab pasta suffered from two main flaws. The first is that it barely had any flavor. The flavor that it did have, though, had a strange aftertaste, I think due to the asparagus. The second, potentially worse flaw was that there was a LOT of crab shell in the pasta. I had to chew carefully and keep spitting them out. Not the best dining experience, and I think honestly a bit dangerous. I didn't even want to finish and only packed up my meal because I hate wasting food. This experience really made me a little down on the place, even though I still love the atmosphere there.

This is a Debbie Downer review, womp womp, but I think that CO-OP still has promise if you stick to the happy hour and/or fill up on the appetizers and call it a day!
If I was completely alone, I would say that my breakfast experience here was great, but the person I came with found their avo toast to be really not good at all. The breakfast sandwich I got with egg and bacon was delicious. My only problem was with the soggy breakfast potatoes that really fell short of my expectations. The staff on this day seemed a bit out of it as we had to remind them to bring out my orange juice and when they brought coffee, it was so full the server had to slide it on the table a certain way or it would certainly spill everywhere. I'll chalk this up to him being new if that's the case, but aside from this, I love the space itself. We were able to just walk in and be seated on a Sunday morning and the view was gorgeous, if you sit near the window on a nice day, they'll probably have the doors up and open to where you're half inside and half outside.
Amazing! Just opened. New favorite spot. Beautiful ambiance with big windows, server was friendly and knowledgable. Creative dishes and very accomodating for my mom's dietary restrictions. I expect this place to be a hit! Got the burger wth rotisserie veggies, shared the brussel sprouts, and my mom loved the ceviche.
I've been to Co-Op a few times and have usually found the food to be quite good, but the service relatively lacking. In general, the servers tend to be less friendly than other usual restaurants I go to in Philly. But they also tend to leave you alone, and the menu is good. On this occasion, however, I took my nephew there for brunch-- his first non-dining hall meal in a couple of months. I ordered sunny eggs with corned beef hash. The problem was, the corn beef was old. Like, really old. And it tasted both awful and unhealthy (to the point where, after a few bites, I was seriously worried about food poisoning). So I stopped eating, called over the server and explained the situation. She became immediately defensive, did not offer a hint of an apology, and just told me they only use fresh ingredients...suggesting that I didn't know what I was talking about. 

I'm a nurse practitioner and professor of nursing; and I pay particularly close attention to diet and nutrition. The corned beef was expired. And if someone with a compromised immune system had eaten it, they could have become seriously ill. Especially older adults whose taste buds become less sensitive with age. The thing that really bothered me was the server's complete lack of willingness to take responsibility for serving me old meat. A professional server would have immediately taken away my plate and sent the manager over to us to apologize. 

While the server did take my meal off our check, she never sympathized, never apologized, and didn't even tell me that she took it off my check. She just put the check on the table and walked off. As a result, I will NEVER eat at the Co-Op again, and I will STRONGLY discourage all of my University City colleagues from bringing their guests there. Not so much because of the bad meat (I get that it happens sometimes), but because of the horrible service we received when bringing it to our server's attention.
Had been hearing of the classy, tasty spot Co-Op in University City and had never gone out that way. Finally made a trip and boy am I glad I did. 

Ambiance - the place radiates good vibes. It's bright, airy, clean, and new looking. Decor is spot on and you instantly feel welcome and cozy. It's also attached to 'The Study' which is adorable. 

Service- top notch. Our server was friendly, attentive, and super knowledgeable about the menu. She was happy to make recommendations, all of which were stellar. 

Drinks- super sophisticated drink menu with some awesome, inventive cocktails. Def a good place to step out of your comfort zone and try something new. 

Food- everything we had was absolutely top notch. The scallop ceviche was unreal- so fresh and bursting with flavor. The bread with warm ricotta tastes how a hug feels. The gnocchi are some of the best I've had - so big and fluffy, and the mojo shrimp was absolutely to die for. Loved the cauliflower dukkah (awesome vegan choice), and every dessert was amazing - definitely try the key lime pie, the tres leches cake, and/or the blueberry pie- YUM! 

Overall excellent experience that I'd highly recommend!
I was really excited to try this new place on Drexel's campus since it looked promising for a fancy brunch. The decor and ambiance were good, although I was a little surprised when I walked in with my friend and noticed how empty it was during prime brunch hours. 

I have to say the meal did not live up to my expectations. The price was not worth the quantity or quality of food. I got the avocado toast, and I can easily say that at most other places I could have doubled the portion size for the same price. The toast was hard and the avocado was under seasoned with only salt and pepper. It's definitely something I could have made at home. I was also disappointed by the lack of creativity in the menu. The selection was quite limited, especially vegetarian options, and not particularly unique.

Service was good--nothing to complain about but nothing spectacular either. I probably won't be coming back given all the other great options in Philly.
My friend and I decided to try this place for brunch after checking out its menu online. We arrived for our reservation, approached the hostess, and were seated with menus. Because we'd made the decision to try the place based on its menu, we had a pretty good idea of what we wanted, and flipped the menu over looking for the drinks. The menu online had an entire page of drinks that included sparkling brunch drinks, a few different types of Bloody Marys and Marias, wine, and beer. At the bottom of the physical menus in our hands was instruction to flip the menus over for that list of beer and wine. The menus in our hands were blank on that back side, so we flagged down a waitress to get new menus- thinking ours were flukes. 

We should've known how our time at the restaurant was going to go when the waitress came back stating that she'd spoken to her manager who said that no such list of brunch drinks existed. My friend pointed out that their menu online and the waitress had no idea about it, but said that they could prepare basic brunch drinks for us. I opted for a mimosa while my friend got a Bloody Mary. 

We ordered the avocado toast to start with to split, then my friend ordered the benedict with Canadian bacon and I got the pancakes with a side of bacon. Our toast came in a reasonable amount of time and was delicious. Things quickly went downhill from there.

My pancakes I ordered literally had "with maple syrup and butter" in its description. When our meals arrived, I was handed 2 rather large pancakes and my bacon and the gentleman who dropped them off quickly scurried away. No butter. No syrup. We sat for a few minutes until someone came back to deliver the missing items. My friend asked for coffee. When I tell you that we sat for at least 10 minutes watching coffee be delivered around us... Our waitress had completely disappeared, so my friend asked the gentleman who'd dropped off my naked pancakes for coffee. He said he'd get it, then he too disappeared for about 10 minutes. When the waitress finally reappeared, she told my friend that the coffee was brewing. For 15-20 minutes?? When she finally got her coffee, the waitress asked if she took cream. My friend said that she did, and the waitress scurried away. Another 10-15 minutes passed. My friend had to ask for the cream again.

All in all, the food was tasty, but the lack of service is what killed any chance of my returning to this establishment. The restaurant wasn't busy when we were there, and there were multiple waiters/waitresses tending to the tables. There was no reason for our service. It's a shame because the place itself is gorgeous, but for the amount of money we paid for our meals, service should match. Despite working in the area, I likely won't be back.

Also, that bit about the drinks menu that only exists on the website despite being referenced on the physical menus onsite is just really bizarre...

I'll pass.
Had breakfast here before heading into a meeting.  We had the avocado toast.  It was very tasty, had a seasoning which pushed it over the top.   Also had the pancakes which were really good.   Coffee was good which is probably the most difficult thing for breakfast.   4-stars for food but wouldn't give 4-stars for service.   It was just okay.
CO-OP is new and what a pleasure. Located in the new Study boutique hotel, the atmosphere is warm and inviting. 

Menu has something for everyone. Servings are shareable. We had the potato bread with spinach dip, Cesar salad w/ celery and the mussels. For a non traditional dessert we had the roasted sweet potato appetizer with sweetened walnuts and creme fraiche. What a great sweet/savory alternative. Not overly sweet, but great with a cup of coffee. (Cute coffee set up.) 
 
Wait staff very attentive and polite. Beautiful open kitchen. Can't wait for tbe warm weather for them to open up the windows.

I will be back.
We went here for happy hour and had the fries. Splendid :) check this place out if you want some afternoon delights. Solid happy hour deals!
I was just here for Brunch on Sunday and everything was super tasty. My father and I both got the corned beef hash entree and shared the endive chopped salad with salmon on top and a side of bacon. You can really tell how much time the chef and his crew put into making these wonderful dishes. They're not your ordinary traditional brunch items, everything is made in house, down to the bacon and corned beef hash. 
I can't wait to return for dinner service and try more of what they have to offer. 

P.S - their bloody Maria is super yummy, not as spicy as your traditional Bloody Mary but still has a nice bite.
This will be my second time eating here, the food is mediocre but if it's a choice between feeling nor'easter in the face for a chipotle or mediocre food, the latter wins out. 

Laura was blade about my to-go order and that's fine, but she listen to what I requested (I wanted to bring my own food up) and then charged me without providing me an itemized receipt, so I wasn't sure if my math skills were that poor....turns out they still tacked on the $3 service charge.

Burger was cold, they should've stopped staring at it while my wings were waiting to get cooked and put the cover on it. They had lots of potential. The bread they use on that thing was atrocious. 

Wings were great texture especially with the smoker flavor but the sauce was overwhelmingly tart...unnecessary so where it makes the whole hotel room smell

The winter spoon salad would've been good if the grains were cooked a little less al dente and they didn't use pomegranates with their actual seeds (those are not edible or digestible).
we had dinner on saturday night and it was superb in setting, service and taste.  co-op is a welcome addition to the university city area, especially if you're looking for a mix between formal seated dining and lighter fare.  our waiter was attentive and kept dinner moving (we ordered small plates and drinks, then looped back for mains) without being annoying, the perfect balance.  ambiance is great - the glass windows open, fire house garage door style, and while we were eating they closed the panels to regulate the temperature.  it's another nice touch that makes you feel a little less formal, a little more fun.

as for the food - it's creative, it's delicious, it's filling, and it's reasonably priced.  we had the pickles, shishito peppers and potato bread for small plates, and aside from a lot of "p" alliteration they were uniquely flavorful.  the peppers had been cooked just to the point of being finger food; the pickles represented a cross section of vegetables (green beans, cauliflower, beets) that went far beyond the staid cucumbers you put on a burger.  potato bread -- and then caesar salad -- were first rate, and i could have stopped there and been happy.  white anchovies were also directionally indicative of a good meal -- not fishy, not overwhelming, just enough flavor and color to balance a great salad that we shared.

i had the gnocchi, and i'm a gnocchi snob.  i refuse to eat gnocchi west of pittsburgh because far too often they end up in some creamy sauce that has the post-meal feel of an NFL lineman on a bad day.  these gnocchi were light, small, perfectly formed, and served with a mix of vegetables and a light sauce that complemented the pasta.  it's a delight to be able to savor the root veggies, or the perfectly cubed ham, in a dish, rather than having to go spelunking in a vat of heavy sauce for the main ingredients.    it's easy to claim "creative foodie" status while heaping ingredients together in a way that would make ben & jerry blush; this was carefully curated, delicately presented and just incredibly good. 

when you can get up from the table and feel full but not overwhelmed; happy and content with the price and the service, you have had a good meal.  co-op is a new go-to.
Service was terrible. They didn't really know the menu at all and you wouldn't see your server for 20 minutes which is rough when you just want to pay your bill. 

I got the salmon eggs Benedict. Salmon was almost inedible. It was kind of cooked in a way and tasted like vinegar. We think they poach the eggs in water with vinegar which is normal and then either drop the salmon in or something like that. 

My husband got the prime rib sandwich and said it wasn't great which would be fine at a bar but it's definitely not cheap so was a letdown. 

My son ordered fruity pebble French toast and was pumped about it but they brought over regular French toast and just forgot to tell us the kitchen ran out of fruity pebbles. He was so bummed. 

$100 brunch and was a major letdown. I think they've gotten too used to waiting on Penn students that are probably brutal.
We liked it so much we forgot to take a pic until we were almost done! (See below.)

This was our second time at Co-Op.  Last time, we were guests at the hotel. This time, we sought it as a destination dinner. That should say something right there!

There are only a handful of contemporary, upscale restaurants near Penn's campus. I prefer this hotel to the Inn at Penn, although Co-Op might not size up perfectly to Louie Louie. Both are very good, though the edge might go to Louie Louie.

Draft beer menu is brief but good selection by the bottle. Some inventive cocktails that don't break the bank.

Fried calamari has a lot of red peppers, which I always like in the moment. (Not so much later!). Beet salad with citrus was well received, as was the scallop entree. Brussel sprouts app good, but I have had better.

Hard to take issue with much. Perhaps best of all, plenty of seating. Worst case scenario, keep it on a short list for last-minute ideas.
Stopped here for a late lunch. The place is beautiful and inviting...but that is probably the best thing going for this spot.
There were a few things wrong at the start...there were things floating in my water, which I wasn't too worried about...we were dining outside and I am aware things can blow in, although it appeared that the water was delivered that way. I asked for a new one as soon as the server delivered it. The new one came...after a time. We weren't given cocktail/drink menus so when the server asked for our drink order I asked for a menu. More waiting...he came to see about drinks and I put in my order. My friend's coffee came...she drank it. Still no cocktail..our food came...but we had no utensils...so after about ten minutes of waiting with our food in front of us, I flagged down a busser who brought us some... still no cocktail...I was just getting up to cancel the drink order when it was plopped down at my table. I was already almost finished with my lunch and had lost interest in my before-meal-cocktail. (I have patience with drink delivery when there is a separate bar and the bartender is fulfilling many orders. However, we were one of about three tables dining).
We both ordered the chicken cutlet salad. Chicken was over-fried and dry and the salad was over dressed. I couldn't resist a start of french fries (which came with my salad...so ended up not being a "starter") but even they dissappointed.They were served cold and dry and over-cooked. I didn't finish them which is rare in my world when it comes to french fries.
The service was non-existant, (except for the food being served...everything else ended up being self-serve..including scrounging up salt and pepper shakers from another table.) The food was lacking and the lunch ended up coming to $37.00 which would have been fine had I thought it was worth the money. I'm sorry to say, I won't be back.
--------Updates------------
I had brunch here today and was underwhelmed. CO-OP's brunch is at best mediocre yet overpriced. Therefore, I take off one star from my previous review of my dinner experience.

We ordered CO-OP salad (adding half of an avocado for extra $3) and Spanish omelet. I know CO-OP aims to be high-end, but their brunch is only high-end in terms of pricing. The dishes have little visual presentation (see my photos), which is below my expectation. They have small portion size, I was okay with it but my partner was not full.

The salad is light (which I like) but very boring with limited ingredients, you can get much better salads from sweetgreen for less than $10.  The omelet is decent according to my partner. Drinks are pricy, so we end up with a check of $40+ before tax for a mediocre brunch. With all the great breakfast/brunch choices in the city, their breakfast/brunch just doesn't stand out.

However, I do recommend their dinner (see my review below).

--------Dinner Review--------
It was a delight to dine at CO-OP, a newly opened upscale restaurant literally on Drexel University campus. My partner and I came here around 6 pm on Tuesday (6/6/2017) for a celebration dinner and there were only a few tables of customers. It seems no reservation needed (for now), but the place was filled up to 60% as we enjoyed our dinner.

We shared the Spanish Rock Octopus (with buttermilk grits, chorizo, and fennels) as our appetizer. It was a lovely savory bowl -- chewy octopus, thin-sliced chorizo, and creamy grits -- that nicely started our meal.

For the main course, I had Mahi-Mahi (with white asparagus and couscous) and my partner had Crab Fettuccini (with asparagus, mushrooms, and basil pesto). The fish that I had was slightly salty (I prefer low-sodium diet), but the asparagus and couscous were perfectly cooked and the dish was decorated with roes. I tried the pasta that my partner ordered, it tasted great, though the shape of fettuccini was different from regular fettuccini.

Overall, CO-OP offers decent dinner dishes with beautiful visual presentations, a must for an upscale place. Service is above average but seems slightly understaffed (for now). The price for a light dinner is around $40/person, which is fairly pricy in University City. 

I haven't tried the breakfast/brunch here but are willing to try. I will only consider this place for special occasions.
We walked out fairly disappointed. Also, weekend is brunch and dinner only.  No lunch menu. Their menu is also very underwhelming and just lacks culinary creativity.  Plain buttermilk pancakes. Western omelette. Sausage omelette.  Biscuits and gravy. Zzzz... not saying I can do better, but I was definitely hoping someone here can which is why I'm not cooking in my own kitchen. 

Bloody Mary and Marie had fibrous woodchippy chunks of horseradish I had to continuously keep (discretely) keep spitting out. Can't say that's ever happened before.

The WiAnno Oysters with verjus and champagne was absolutely flavorless minus the brine and salt. The shells of the oysters were flaky so slurp carefully otherwise you'll inhale a chunk of the mollusk.  They also plate it on a bed of salt and potpourri of some sort so expect to get chunks of those too.  Not $18 worth for 6 oysters.  We ended up using lemons from our  Bloody Mary and Marie to add flavor.

Burger has too much onion jam which made it cloying.  It was also overcooked (ordered medium).

The corned beef hash was ok.  A bit tough and chewy but that may be a corned beef thing. And it also just tastes like salt and pepper... not exactly what I would consider a symphony of flavors.


Definitely not returning for brunch.
This place is very convenient to where I work, so I have been with coworkers for happy hour. It's a nice space, well decorated, feels very upscale, and the staff is nice. For happy hour drinks I would recommend it, but I just don't think that any of the food is worth the price. Their options aren't that exciting/interesting, and the food is just okay. 
Overall- do go for drinks, but would recommend getting food elsewhere.
This place is aight. 

Solid happy hour, food's tasty enough, beautiful space - if a bit echoey.

But, CO-OP is running up against a lot of amazing places opening up in UCity that have that one thing where you're like "man, I gotta go to ____ to get their ____, like right now." 

I have been here a few times and I just can't seem to find that item for me, yet.

I will say I like drinking here more than I like eating. They have a fully stocked (and I mean FULLY stocked) bar with pretty much anything you might need to make a cocktail that probably isn't on the menu, but again, they got it so you can get it.

It's a great place to meet people because it's nice and roomy, which is also a plus.
I had been invited by work colleagues to stop by the bar for drinks several weeks ago, and I enjoyed that, so tonight I suggested we go back for drinks and maybe dinner. It's an interesting space albeit a little loud. We were there on a Friday night around 8 PM, and the place was about 85% filled so lots of people talking. We started with drinks; I had the Dogfish IPA which was really good. We ordered the hush puppies for appetizers. I hate to say this, but we have very fond memories of hush puppies from Long John Silvers--good comfort food. The hush puppies seemed overcooked, almost burnt...kind of like the oil in the deep fryer needed to be changed. I think they would have been much more tasty otherwise. I had the bucatini carbonara. It was more like pasta soup. It had a good flavor, but the bucatini was too undercooked, and the sauce was way too saucy and there was too much of it. I love a good carbonara, and I've made some eggy and thick carbonara in my past, but this was by far the most in-carbonara of the carbonaras I've had. My dining partner had the cauliflower dukkah. Good flavors but dry. Nothing interesting. We wrapped things up with death by chocolate with a side of vanilla ice cream: it was good, but my partner described it as a Wawa brownie (which is good, I think), but nothing fabulous. Overall, an underwhelming experience. The service was a little slow, too. I've had some pretty fantastic dining experiences in Philadelphia, so there's no reason to go back here. It was by no means horrible, not nothing that's compel me to return for dinner although I'd certainly come for drinks and maybe a side of fries.
Went for brunch, great deals and good food. Pretty quite atmosphere. Server was amazing and knowledgeable. Mimosa deals for brunch too
Very mediocre/underwhelming brunch experience. Came here with my mother and ordered an omelet, avocado toast, and two glasses of orange juice.

The service seemed unnecessarily slow, as we were the second of two parties, making a total of four people in the spacious restaurant. We had come here on a Saturday because everywhere else in the area seemed to open around noon but might as well have waited the half an hour outside because the food - none of which seems particularly complicated to make - took more than 45 minutes to be served. I mean did they go out to fetch fresh eggs or bake a new bread or pick the freshest, ripest oranges?

Omelet was okay (no toast), avocado toast was served blatantly burnt, and each glass of orange juice contained less than about a sippy-cup's worth. All for a price much higher than other, much better brunch places in the area. But then again, can we really expect much from a brunch place in a hotel?
Have been here once for dinner and once for brunch. I

Dinner
Started with deviled eggs and arugula salad, both good, nothing innovative. 
I had a cauliflower dukkah that was excellent and beautiful. My husband had the chicken, which was okay, but mostly unremarkable. 

Brunch
We were in University City and decided to give this place a chance for brunch. MEH. It was a really weird vibe, like the waitstaff was making fun of the diners. Started with the donuts, which were 8$ and not worth it. They were almost like a popover in mini donut form. They were actually pretty tasty, but not 8$ worth. I had the avocado toast, which was a half serving portion IMHO. MY husband had the biscuits and gravy, which he did give high praise (he's super picky about B&G). 

The restaurant itself is open and attractive with outdoor seating.
IT seems that the dishes are hit or miss with some shining stars. Brunch was expensive for what you get. And I'm not sure what to make of the service.
I was very excited to try this cool new place on Drexel's campus. We went for breakfast and it was very overpriced for the amount of food we received. The service was slow for being the only people in the restaurant.  I got the eggs with toast and it was average but the server forgot some of the changes I asked for. My friend got the egg and cheese and she said it was just "okay." It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't recommend it. Wasn't wowed.
Went here for dinner with wife and daughter.  Outstanding all around experience - starting with the beer on tap.  2 of my favorites:  Dogfish 60min and All-day IPA.  Wife enjoyed a vodka cocktail of some sort.  The 2 vegetarians loved their dishes.  Great flavor and great presentation.  I loved the grass-fed burger - well seasoned and juicy.  Service was top notch.  Our server (Eddie?) was the best.  Even surprised my daughter with some fresh fruit at end of meal for her birthday.
I had a wonderful dinner here last night. I ordered the Cauliflower Dukkah, which was the tastiest -- and most filling! -- vegan dish I've ever had at a restaurant. There were so many wonderful flavors and textures, and the portion was large enough that I felt full after just the entree. My friend ordered the scallops; though I didn't actually try hers, they looked like they were perfectly cooked. I hope more people try this restaurant in 2018; it's a great arrival for University City!
I work in the area and didn't know about this place, but it was near World Cafe Live and we had concert tickets there. The space is gorgeous and the restrooms are stunning (I know, you didn't come on Yelp to read bathroom reviews, but hey, it's all part of the experience ;o) Our server had the entire dining room, but it wasn't very full so she managed just fine. We started with smoked olives (yum!) and potato chips with blue cheese dressing. I had the latter at The Smith in NYC and it was as delicious here as there. Like seriously delish! Our entrees took awhile to come out, so they sent out an amuse bouche (my 50 year old brain is blanking on what it was, as this review is several weeks late). Hubs had scallops and spaghetti squash and enjoyed it. I had chicken and dumplings. I was hoping for more stew-like consistency and it was pretty broth-y (is that a word?) The broth and chicken had good flavor, but for me, the dumplings are key. They were ricotta gnocchi but were sadly without flavor. The prices weren't crazy. I'd probably try it again and add it to my post-work dinner/happy hour repertoire.
We were seated for 15 minutes before we got water. We waited 30 more minutes to get drinks. WHICH, by the way, came after we got our meal, WHICH, by the way, came before we even got utensils. We sat with our food for 10 minutes, unable to eat it, before the wait staff even came out with our utensils. The waiting was all for naught, because the food was terrible. We ordered an omelet and eggs Benedict. Both were far overcooked. 

Co-op was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
I was excited to hear about this new opening! Unfortunately didn't live up to expectations 


Must say this food is not worth the price. The only one thing worth ordering is the fries. The happy hour menu is not a great deal. The bar is beautiful though. I had the rotisserie chicken for my entree and it did not wow me. My friend had the burger and he said the burger at Tap house is much better and cheaper. 
Wouldn't reccomend here. But I haven't tried brunch and maybe that is good.
Excellent ambiance, food is decent. This place really needs to work on its service. 

We were four for dinner. I think there were only two waiters for the evening, and even with the four or so tables that were occupied, they had a hard time.

The open kitchen had one lonely chef running all over the place. There should have been at least four more people back there. 

Our food came very late, it was good, but the lack of service put a damper on the experience.

I will give it another try because I liked the food and the decor is very trendy/unique.

It has potential to be a good spot, just hire more staff!
Came here for mid-week lunch and left very satisfied with the relaxing, leisurely meal that this spot provided. The sophisticated decor and vibe elevates the dining experience without feeling pretentious or unwelcoming, and was quiet enough for group conversation. The pickle plate made for a terrific sharable starter with a great variety of vegetables. The avocado toast skillfully combats the "avocado toast is a dime a dozen" argument with its balanced seasoning, delicious quest fresco and thick, flavorful bread. Will have to come back to try their dinner menu!
Let me start by saying I was looking forward to giving the CO-OP a great review. To be clear the review I'm leaving is not for their food but for their service. I just got into town after a long day and was looking forward to grabbing a bite to eat here since I was staying at the hotel above the restaurant. There is a card in the room that lists their hours and specials. I went down to order something to eat and was not greeted at all. Restaurant staff proceeded to walk by me without acknowledging my presence.

I was finally able to get the attention of someone who worked there. She informed me that the restaurant closed at 9 and that the information in the hotel is wrong and should be changed. I proceeded to look around and see others still seated in the restaurant. They continued to tell me they could not make me anything to eat. 

This restaurant should make sure they inform websites of their proper hours and inform the hotel too. I look forward to seeing this changed as I stay at the hotel often and would like to try the CO-OP and update my review. But I also want to add, it would be much appreciated if the restaurant staff better greeted their customers and add some sort of sign that they closed early, which is also what I was told.
I used to love the happy hour at the place but the menu has steadily been getting smaller and smaller while the price gets higher and higher (compare the happy hour menu from Sept. 2018 to June 2019 to see what I mean :[ ). Plus they're severely understaffed. The last two times I've come for the happy hour it's taken them 15-20 minutes just to take my order. I've also not received drinks I ordered. The food is good (though overpriced now and nothing special...), but come prepared to wait
Visit the Study, in the room and online this was advertised. Went down at 9:20 waited 10 minutes while the staff ignored me. To find out they close at 9:00 and that the site is wrong about closing at 10:00 and this special.
This is the first time I have ventured into Co-Op, and it was OK. There are  some small things they could do that would make it awesome, and I sense a lot of potential here. but I was a bit underwhelmed. 

I went with a friend for lunch, and we shared four of the appetizers. On the plus side, the portions are generous, and we probably could have gotten away with just three appetizers, but we wanted to try a bunch of stuff. On the minus side, not one of the dishes presented blew us out of the water.

The house-made potato chips were perfectly cooked, and the creamy artichoke dip that came with them was serviceable, but a little lack-luster. They probably could have cut the portion of chips in half, though, compared to the portion size of the dip.

The smoked wings were quite good. You get a pound to an order, and the chicken itself was really fresh, and not over-cooked and dry, which is often the case with chicken wings. The sauce on them was tasty - a little sweet, a little tangy, but not really spicy at all. The smoke flavor shined through without being overpowering. The ubiquitous blue cheese dip that went with was ok.

I loved the charred broccoli dish, but they could have used a lighter hand with the oil it was cooked in. The florets just soaked up the grease, and left me feeling a little dyspeptic. But the ginger-carrot puree underneath the florets was delicious. The bits of onion and bacon on top were a nice touch, but again, the grease. 

I wanted to like the baked ricotta dish, but the cheese was w-a-a-a-y too salty. Even with the slightly sweet, eggy brioche bun they served it with. I took two bites of that over-salted cheese, and left the rest behind. 

Service was friendly and attentive. I might go back again, but the menu didn't 100% grab me and really entice me to go. And the fact that every dish was flawed in some way didn't really inspire me to put a return trip on my short-list.
I came here on a sunday for brunch and my taste buds haven't been blessed with such amazing food in a while! I ordered the french toast and wow did it just melt in mouth! The whole experience of the food, the atmosphere, the service -- all of it was very high quality. If you are on the fence, GO! You will not regret it! I will definitely be back here!
Nope, nope nope. Decent setting. We got there after the regular lunch hour. They said they were open but guy started moping as soon as we sat down. So we had to contend with pine sol and wet mop smell. Had to send back the dip - little too charred for our liking. The sauce for the calamari was not great, the sweet fig glaze on the chicken was drenching everything on the plate including the fries which were actually good. I enjoyed the beet salad. But, that was it.
While attending a conference at the Study, we decided to have a few drinks at the Co-Op after the event.  Being a Drexel Co-op myself, I was quite a fan of the name.  We started with a local bourbon neat and finished off with an old fashioned.  Can you really mess up pouring just bourbon into an empty glass though?  

I really enjoyed bar life here.  It was a nice day in the city and some window/doors were open.  I spent some time chatting with other people staying at the hotel, along with my account manager.  The bartenders were friendly, especially Miranda, who provided great service and was pleasant to speak to.  When will I ever be back to this place?  As a Drexel Alum, I'm not on campus anymore at all, but I'll be back if we have another conference here.
This place is great. I have now been here a few times, haven't been disappointed. The food is all great. Their burger is probably my favorite thing on the dinner menu but I still need to try the chicken. Everything is made in house so it is as fresh as possible. The ice cream and deserts are spectacular. I have also been to the restaurant for brunch. The pastries are great the tray of  croissants comes with three flakey buttery delicious different types. The donuts were great too and with 6 in an order it could even be enough for breakfast. I got the corned beef hash for my meal and it was amazing. The corned beef was perfectly cooked and juicy and the potatoes just melt in your mouth. It was overall a great experience and everyone there from the management, chefs and even the waitstaff is terrific.
It was a delight to dine at CO-OP, a newly opened upscale restaurant literally on Drexel University campus. My partner and I came here around 6 pm on Tuesday (6/6/2017) for a celebration dinner and there were only a few tables of customers. It seems no reservation needed (for now), but the place was filled up to 60% as we enjoyed our dinner.

We shared the Spanish Rock Octopus (with buttermilk grits, chorizo, and fennels) as our appetizer. It was a lovely savory bowl -- chewy octopus, thin-sliced chorizo, and creamy grits -- that nicely started our meal.

For the main course, I had Mahi-Mahi (with white asparagus and couscous) and my partner had Crab Fettuccini (with asparagus, mushrooms, and basil pesto). The fish that I had was slightly salty (I prefer low-sodium diet), but the asparagus and couscous were perfectly cooked and the dish was decorated with roes. I tried the pasta that my partner ordered, it tasted great, though the shape of fettuccini was different from regular fettuccini.

Overall, CO-OP offers decent dinner dishes with beautiful visual presentations, a must for an upscale place. Service is above average but seems slightly understaffed (for now). The price for a light dinner is around $40/person, which is fairly pricy in University City. 

I haven't tried the breakfast/brunch here but are willing to try. I will only consider this place for special occasions.
This place is newly opened on Drexel campus and connected to a residential building. I would give 4 for ambience, and its interior is definitely very well-designed as a modern hip space. I can see this as a good place maybe for business lunches, but for the food itself it was quite disappointing. I think the main falling points are the price and the creativity of the dishes. I came here for lunch so maybe their dinner is better, but I'd be reluctant to come try again. 

FOOD: 3/5. I ordered a frittata for $14. I don't mind paying that price for a good frittata, but this one was really just average and I could have easily made it myself. The frittata was shaped in a circle like a pancake, with mixed greens on top and cheese and dried tomatoes. The frittata itself had spinach and onions mixed in. We also ordered a hen soup, which was very disappointing - it looked basically like chicken noodle soup. While the ingredients might have been better, it could have easily been canned soup but was just priced at 10x more. 

Overall I doubt I would come again, maybe their dinner options are better but I think first impressions make a big difference and it was a pretty negative first.
I've walked past Co-Op many many times but finally went in for a meal last week. I was blown away by the interior design - very chic, sophisticated - and it made me really excited to eat there. There are garage-esque doors that they open if the weather is good outside (which it was the day I went) but we opted for a more interior table with air conditioning. One thing that caught me off guard was the small menu, I had taken a look at the menu before going and remember being excited for all the variety; however, once I got there, it seemed like only a handful of items I felt like eating.

I went into my lunch thinking I was going to get a salad (5 out of their entree-sized dishes were salads and seemed to be quite their specialty) but decided to opt for their Green Circle Chicken Sandwich - It. Was. So. GOOD! Maybe I had low expectations but not only could you tell the ingredients were fresh, the Avocado Green Goddess was phenomenal. I didn't really know what it was but it was basically a parsley avocado spread they smear on your soft sesame bread bun that enhances the flavor like no other. My mom got the market fish which was a salmon plate (nothing special in my opinion), my dad got the shrimp toast (kind of small for his liking) and my sister got the cured smoked salmon tartine. In my opinion, I definitely got the best entree - and it also happened to be the cheapest. 

I left Co-Op feeling full, satisfied, happy and healthy. The burger was satiating without the excessive fried oily feelingn after most burgers. Plus, I felt super sophisticated eating in the restaurant due to its amazing interior design. Pro Tip: visit the bathroom to check out the super cool hotel Co-Op is attached to (called The Study). Great place to bring family when they're in town!
When you have a student attending Drexel the co-op means more than dinner. Located off the lobby of the The Study Hotel . A Very nice restaurant upper level in pricing. We started with wine from their menu. They were out of my first choice with no replacement. 

Asked about the special and again they were sold out. Asked about several dishes that others had bragged about on yelp. Again sorry not available. Decided to try the smoked wings yo start. As smoked wings go they were very good. 

For dinner we went with the cauliflower, the lamb and the pork chop. The cauliflower was a very nice vegan dish I would order it again. The pork chop was cooked perfect. The lamb had an overpowering spice that made it difficult to finish.
I would not Recommend the lamb. Our server was excellent. The deserts were very good. .
Always a favorite. Excellent ambiance. Go for the outdoor seating when the weather is nice. Food slightly overpriced for what it is.
I had such a pleasant experience dining at Co-op the other day. I have walked by this beautiful restaurant many times and I am so glad I finally went in to dine. This lovely restaurant is joined to the Study at University Hotel but it feels like its own entity. From their gorgeous out door seating to their private nooks near the bar, you are sure to find your favorite spot to dine or have cocktails.
The food at Co-op was truly delicious and full of flavor. I was pleasantly surpassed to find out they roast their own chickens on premises as well as make their own potato bread for their cheese platters and dips. Everything was fantastic from top to bottom. The cocktails were perfectly balanced and absolutely spectacular. One of my favorites was the scallop ceviche which has the most perfect hint of spice and just a well balanced dish overall. The desserts were phenomenal as well and I was so delighted to find they were not only made on premises but with locally sourced fruit. You can't get better than blueberry pie made with fresh Jersey blueberries.
The atmosphere felt sophisticated and homey at the same time. No need to feel like you need to dress to the nines for a delicious dinner. Co-op is perfect for a after hours cocktail, a dinner with friends or a business meeting.
The staff as well was not only knowledgeable but absolutely a breath of fresh air. They went above and beyond and always had a smile.
Overall I will not only be returning but I highly recommend Co-Op to all of my friends.
Took a colleague here for her birthday. Arrived a bit before noon for lunch on a very hot July day. The front windows were open and we were given a choice between being up front or back with the AC. We chose the AC. The place is farm to table and the menu is standard not fancy but everything we had was great. I had a simple grill cheese and salad and while surprised there was no dressing, I found it was fine without. My colleague had a quinoa salad and she loved it. We will be back.
