Yelp wants first hand experience, so here it is.  While inside this tiny shop, I overheard the owner screaming profanities at his employees.  His outrage was very unwelcoming to say the least!  A local coffee shop right nearby sounds great, right? Well not when the owner is screaming profanities and belittling people for everyone to hear. I am a restaurant manager and would NEVER allow this.  Coffee houses are supposed to feel warm and welcoming.  NOT THIS PLACE.
The first thing noticed entering Coffee House Too was how the people working there embrace your presence. From Josh the manager, to Channelle (#5) our server, right to the guy bussing the tables, everyone made a nearly superhuman effort to welcome us and show something of their personalities. Under some circumstances that could have felt cloying, but with these folk it was totally genuine and not overdone. 

The dining area was up a narrow steep flight of stairs with the names of Philly neighborhoods written on the risers.  Good idea for keep our eyes where we were walking to avoid missteps.  The second story was bright with windows facing east, and yellow/gold painted walls all around. Lots of chachkas and potted plants. Channelle was to us in a blink, offering great coffee and mimosas/bloodies/orange juice.  The breakfast menu was a large page with their signature dishes - Hangover Sandwiches, Regular Breakfast Egg Sandies, Omelets, Waffles, etc. Even before ordering a Pastrami Omelet and Original Hangover creation, we received two homemade muffins compliments of the house.  Alcohol and bakery sweets gratis, just because...and, Josh stopped by to introduce himself and inquire where we were from and how we knew about CH2. Pleasant conversation.

I'm not a pastrami guy, but my companion sure loved the load of smoked beef, Swiss cheese and sautéed onions that filled her 3 egg plate.  My Original Breakfast Hangover Sandwich was a glorious monstrosity of 3 more eggs, garlic buttered sesame seed loaf, cheddar, sausage and their hash browns all in the mix.  Put hash browns inside my eggs and you know one of the keys to my soul.  With the first bite, my eyes involuntarily rolled to the back of my head, and I am told I emitted a low yowl. My inner wolf was free for a moment. Don't remember, but it was that good.  Don't think I bit anyone.

Doubtless, we will return to this or the other Coffee House Too in the near future.  We liked it a lot!
Wow! This place gets 5 stars because the service was great. My sandwich was pretty good too.

I called in an order, for some reason they did not send it back to the kitchen so I was a little disappointed. Luckily, I wasn't in a rush.

I ended up asking to switch my order because I saw the Hangover Hoagie on the menu. This is a hangover man's dream. It was extremely overwhelming for me but it was delicious and had so much flavor. The most interesting part was it was a garlic butter sesame seed bun. 

But, the man behind the counter was extremely patient with me. Apologized for the delay and offered me a mini mimosa while I waited.

The people also waiting we're extremely friendly. I saw a sign for seating upstairs, I wonder what it was like but great neighborhood coffee shop.
I have never actually stepped inside Coffee House Too. 

My husband ran inside while I waited in the car, hungover and exhausted, to pick up a Hangover Hoagie. My only regret? We shouldn't have shared just one.

...though on second thought, I may have thrown up if I'd eaten the whole thing. You know, because I was so hungover. 

But god damn if it wasn't incredible: 

3 EXTRA LARGE EGGS
GARLIC BUTTER
CHEDDAR CHEESE
HASH BROWNS
PEPPERS & ONIONS
ON A LONG ROLL
WITH CHOICE OF MEAT

They'll make it with egg whites for an upcharge (I'm allergic to yolks). 

Hungover or not, it's greasy-good, guys.
This place sucks. Food was nothing special and service was horrible and when I say horrible I mean absolutely atrocious. We sat at the very front table for over an hour and a half (which takes away the excuse that they could have forgotten about us). We put in our order and about 15 minutes after we sat and were told for the next hour and 10 minutes that the "food would be right up". We were constantly asking for refills on our waters. We put an order for drinks and we're not served them until the 2nd time we asked for them. After 70 minutes of waiting a new waitress walked up and told us that they had just submitted our order. Beginning to end, the worst dining experience I've had. I would normally take this one on the chin but as we left we were unpleasantly told by some random worker in a bedazzled rhinestone guitar belt that "we had only been there for 25 minutes" just so others waiting to be seated would not know of there horrid customer service. Bill was not comped and we were told "we will get you next time". This doesn't seem like the only time this has happened. This place has a track record for poor service. Take out not recommend either, as it seems from other reviews, they suck at that too.
Cute boys, really f*ing good sammiches, free mimosas while you wait for Them Sammies, and cute boys.
I moved in literally ~10 doors down from this place, so naturally I was ecstatic to discover a great coffeeshop so close to my new spot.  

Basically, what I found was that this place has a lot of potential (I loved their coffee, tea, hot cider, eggplant hoagie, and breakfast burrito), but I have way too many stories of dissatisfaction to give this place a sound review.  The funny thing is I defended this place for so long, while my boyfriend almost instantly saw through it.  

Their menu should have a huge SUBJECT TO CHANGE stamp on top.  One time my boyfriend and I were having brunch upstairs.  He tried to order *THREE* different things.. they were "out" of all of them.  Lol what?  That's fine if you're out, but maybe the server should give a warning (it's not ridiculous, I've seen it).  Another time at brunch, I ordered a mimosa.  The server said "we're out of mimosas, can I get you something else?" So I (clearly begrudgingly) settled for white wine.  My boyfriend also wanted a mimosa.  The server goes "OK hang on...." and then brings him a mimosa and me a white wine lol WTF?

Another time, I stopped in just for tea before I left for work.  In the middle of my order, the barista had to take a call.  The customer who called in was ordering a breakfast sandwich for pickup.  I thought to myself, "that's a great idea," so I added an egg white and tomato on rye toast to my order.  So I was very confused when my total was $9.60.  When I confronted the barista about it, he broke it down for me (the "sandwich", egg white, and tomato were all separate costs).  I canceled the order (they hadn't started making it yet) and explained why I thought that made no sense --a sandwich so simple just shouldn't cost $7.00-- to which the OWNER responded, "Well why don't ya just make it at home next time."  YEAH OK NO.  Never went back.  Rude as fuck.  

OK sorry and I just have to call them out on this... "free mimosa" means free shot of a mimosa... if they have it that day.

Just FYI there are more instances, but I'm not going to list them all.

As a non-Philly native, I can only hypothesize that the people are just used to subpar service..?  Glad to now be back in an area where coffeeshops are actually IN STOCK of everything, and I won't be told off by an owner for making a reasonable point.
This review is looong overdue.

Coffee House Too is thankfully within walking distance of my house.  I have taken the pup and the bambina for a walk with Coffee House as our destination a number of times and each time has been a very nice experience.

This is a very small, mostly to-go establishment.  They have a small, but solid menu (breakfast, sandwiches, salads) and good coffee - all for a reasonable price.  So far, I have only gotten a breakfast sandwich - which for me is more than enough.  I share with the dog and my daughter and still haven't managed to completely finish a sandwich.  Their baked goods look fantastic, but I haven't tried any, yet. . . 

The staff is always friendly and nice.  
 
The only drawback is that the place is fairly small, with just a seat or two inside.  There are a few tables outside but if the weather is not cooperating, your only choice is to get your order to go. . .
First time here and I love this place it's The cute coffee shop with specialty drinks and pastries ! We had breakfast here and I got the caramel marshmallow latte delish !!! I will be stopping in more often.
I know I say this like very other week but this is my new favorite breakfast hot spot!
The lower level here is a quick coffee/pastry to go area, whereas the upstairs has a cute little seating area with waitress service.  The menu here is pretty simple but everything I've tried thus far has been perfect.  Plus, a free mimosa or Bloody Mary while I wait?? What else can you ask for!
The first time I was here I tried a scrapple egg and cheese on a bagel.  Simple and delicious. The second time I had a chocolate chip waffle and again it was perfect.  My husband is a huge fan of the cheesesteak breakfast burrito.   To top off all this deliciousness the coffee is wonderful too.  Woohoo! Everything is as good as it gets!
The service here never seems to disappoint. They are super accommodating, friendly and very efficient all while having a smile on their face. Starting with providing water with a cucumber slice, offering a complimentary mimosa or Bloody Mary and also complimentary muffins before even taking your order. Definitely makes you feel like you are celebrating! 

When you wake in there is a counter where you can pick up to go orders and also order. DO NOT be discouraged proceed straight and you will see a narrow staircase with Philly neighborhoods painted on each stair. Once you have arrived upstairs you will see tables, benches with cushions, plants, mirrors and sorts decorating their sit down area. 

The menu has a pretty decent selection from breakfast to more hearty lunch options. They will continue to refill your coffee as much as you would like. Prices are definitely reasonable. This is a cash only spot but they do have ATM's on site. You will not regret your visit!
Coffee is good (though prices a little higher then other places like La Colombe or Reanimator) and breakfast sandwiches are probably the best in the area. 

Lose 1 star because it's cash only. Here's a message to the owner: you have iPads as your register. You clearly have have the capacity to take credit cards. Just do it. Its 2015 and that's how people pay. It's actually ridiculous that there's still a coffee shop where I might have to hit your atm, incur and atm fee, and pay with a $20 rather then swipe any credit card.

Addition: won't take another star away, but you guys need to figure out a better system for ordering over the phone then having people in the store wait (sometimes in the middle of a transaction) while someone answers the phone and takes an order. It once took me literally 5 minutes between receiving the coffee I ordered and having the woman accept the $5 I was holding and then another 2 mins to give me change (because she switched tasks to help another customer). Food and coffee is good...processes and efficiency need some work.
This place is fantastic! Not too busy at 11am on a Sunday, we were a table for two and sat right away. The service was great! My coffee was always filled and the order came out perfect! I ordered a breakfast burrito. It had egg, cheese and salsa and I added hot sausage to the burrito. I also ordered a side of crispy bacon that came out perfect! I will definitely be coming back again to try one of those hangover hoagies!!
Bad start to a Saturday morning! Got there at noon and waited 20min for our waitress to come over. We ordered tea and coffee that then took over a half hour to come and only got there because the other waitress asked if we wanted refills on our nonexistent drinks. We had to ask what the specials were because our waitress forgot to tell us as well. After ordering food we waited another hour for it to arrive and when we asked where it was she said she only just put it in 10min ago. Tables who were seated after us received their food and left before we got ours. Took an hour and a half total for our food to finally get there and nothing was comped or discounted. We were so upset by the service we just asked for the food to go instead and only realized when I got home that one of the orders was wrong and didnt even feel like going back to complain. A guy downstairs, who had nothing to do with our order or service, even accused us of lying about how long we waited and said we were only there for 25min, because he is apparently omniscient. Its one thing to make a mistake but at least rectify it by discounting the check and you never accuse the costumer of lying or being wrong. But dont worry, we got a nice "we'll get you next time" when we were leaving. Might be waiting a bit for that one though... If you're going to order from there stick to the take out
STAY AWAY!!! My first time dining here and last time. We were sat right away but then sat there for a half hour until a waitress even acknowledged us to take our food order. We ordered our food plus drinks but never received the drinks and our food took over an hour to come. FINALLY asked a 
different waitress where our food was and she proceeded to tell us they just put it in. Mind you our original waitress NEVER came back and no apologies were handed out. NO COMPS, APOLOGIES OR ANYTHING! Other waitress asked us how long we waited and she DID NOT even believe us. The lady then gave us a verbal IOU like it was a sacred blessing she bestowed upon us. As we were leaving a rhinestone belt wearing wanna be hipster had the audacity to tell us we had ONLY BEEN THERE 20 min! Never received such terrible service and didn't even get to enjoy the food there...had to take out bc of how ridiculous the service and attitude was of the staff there. There are much better breakfast spots in this city. I cannot STRESS enough that we truly sat there for 2 hours without food or water and people that came in an hour after us received food immediately, ATE, and left. We were the only table left!!
I continue to go to Coffee House Too, and I continue to love it. The staff is so kind, the food always hits, and, of course, the coffee is good. I wanted to update, because I just had the house-made veggie cream cheese and it's awesome! It's chunky and crunchy with all the veggies, and it's very flavorful - highly recommend.
I have to update my review, the food has gotten much much better since the last time I was here. Although I didn't have coffee this time around they did offer free mimosa and or orange juice while I waited for my sandwich. That was a pleasant surprise. Also they said they opened  up the second floor for inside seating , I will check it out the next time I stop in.
This place is great.  I haven't had the hangover hoagie yet but the breakfast platters are great and the burger is legit.   Also the service is excellent, especially Mary Kate.
I love this place!  Their coffee is very good.  My favorite for when the weather gets nice is an iced red eye.  I really enjoy their breakfast sandwiches.  They have 3 different kinds of sausage (pork, Italian, and turkey) and who knows - they may have a 4th.  Pork roll is very good.  I'm a huge fan of everything bagels and they better be good - this place has it down. 

Lots of people are  unaware that there's an upstairs dining room - I highly suggest taking advantage of it.  I know there's a sub-par diner down the street but who wants to go there when Coffee House Too has the best of everything.  Their specials are always very interesting and worth checking out.

The staff are very friendly and I've had a quick hello with the owner and I really appreciate that this place is in my neighborhood.  They really seem to get the people that come in and I think it brings a lot of people back on a daily basis.  

Plus (and I love this)  if you bring your pup, they bring out a piece of bacon just for stopping by!  (they also have milkbones if you prefer not to give people food.)  But I just think that's such a cute idea and I love watching the dogs walk up and get so excited because they just know what's coming.  

Really great coffee.  Really great food.  Great people.  Great selection overall.
Really surprised that this place is so highly rated.  Nothing about it was particularly bad - it's just not that good.  Food is kinda bland.  Cocktails weren't good.  Wait service is kinda slow.  Kitchen is not particularly accommodating with changes to the menu.  Oh - and it's cash only - no signs anywhere (unless I completely missed them) and I didn't find out until it was time to pay.  ATM in store charges a lovely $2.75 (not to mention what your bank will charge you).  Again - nothing bad, but I think Yelp's description for a 2-star place "Meh, I've experienced better" fits the bill here.
Everything you want a brunch place to be. The decor is cute. The staff are friendly. The food comes out quickly. In addition, they give you a complimentary mimosa or bloody mary and delicious muffins while you wait for your meal. The food is great with nice portions and is reasonably priced. Everything sounded so good, I had a hard time deciding what to get but ended up getting the original hangover hoagie. The bread was nicely buttered with just the perfect amount of toasted crunch. 10/10 would recommend. I'll definitely be back!
10 minutes for a coffee is ridiculous. Forgetting my order while there's only 5 customers to deal with is even worse.
Went here today to order food for the first time.  My car is in the shop and I needed to walk somewhere.  I am going to be honest there is something about the sign at this place that I don't like, it looks tacky, so i've never really given it a chance.. Well now i'm living in regret. After I ordered my brie and apple sandwich(delicious btw!!)  the very sweet woman behind the counter asked if I would like a glass of white or red wine while I waited..SCREACH!!! What did you say? That's right they give you a free glass of wine with your lunch order. Well I am instant fan.  And the inside of the place is very cute. It's just that sign somehow gives me the wrong impression of the place.  I am hoping the owners will get something a little different so others will know it's a really cute little coffee shop with delicious food!  Sorry to hate on the sign, everything else about this place is wonderful.  I definitely recommend for lunch.
The food here is really good..but the service is subpar. I have gotten the wrong good twice now and while it's nice to have a complimentary beverage, I would prefer to just be able to eat with the rest of the table. The second time I was in there we were there for an hour and a half because the server was overwhelmed with 4 tables. I used to be a server and I understand the stresses, but it was kind of crazy for us to wait 20 minutes for the check to be dropped. Next time I think I'll order to go if i want something from here.
Would have been great to eat here! Upstairs staff was fantastic while the host downstairs began yelling at us that we had to wait while there were 7 available tables upstairs. I was seated then removed from my table. Props to the bus staff and manager who are trying to circumvent this lady's attitude. We hope she has a good day and so do you.
Veggie breakfast burrito on habanero wrap is excellent. Iced latte just as good. New arrived hipsters and natives seem to both enjoy this Fishtown, don't call it Kensington eatery.
I always thought this place looked really cute, so I was excited to try it today. Unfortunately, I stand dumbfounded by the experience I had there this afternoon. We were offered a free small cup of coffee with our 20 minute wait time for a table of two, which, in my opinion, a wait at any breakfast spot is to be expected on New Years Day. After waiting about 40 minutes, we were told our table would be ready in "under five" and waited an additional 10 minutes. For the extensive wait, a barista downstairs offered us a complimentary muffin, which was an appreciated gesture. 

After finally being seated, our bespectacled waiter asked us if we wanted a coffee or a beverage outside of the water on the table. We asked for two coffees with cream. After waiting 5+ minutes for our coffee, the waiter came back to our table profusely sweating and again asked if we wanted coffee. We let him know we wanted two coffees with cream and were ready to order our food. He replied "oh great easier for me! What can I get you?" Our coffees arrived soon after without cream. After waiting about ten minutes for the cream, we realized it must have been forgotten so we politely asked our waiter for it and his reply was "in a minute." We then asked a neighboring tables waitress for cream who immediately brought it over from where our waiter was standing when he said "in a minute."

At this point it had been about 20 minutes since we placed our order with our waiter. The neighboring table, that ordered after us with the other waitress, had been eating their meal for at least 5 minutes. We considered getting up and leaving but didn't feel it was the right thing to do and assumed our food was on its way out. Our waiter then approached the table and asked if we had any questions. We stared back at him mystified, so he added "about the menu.. or are you ready to order.?" We reminded him that we already ordered and he proceeded to itch a strange rash on his neck (with a hand that was so scabbed up it looked like it was caught in a garbage disposal) and asked if we placed the order with another staff member. At this point, we told him we had placed our with him a little more than 20 minutes ago. Knowing our order never made it to the kitchen, we decided to get up and leave. The waiter laughed anxiously and we assured him it was okay, but neither of us have ever experienced something like this before. 

I can't really speak to the quality of the food here because I unfortunately did not get to really try it. While some staff members were super accommodating and helpful, others seem unable to appropriately handle the stress of the job.
This place is seriously one of the best hidden gems in Fishtown.  I just recently started going here and I'm already in love.

1.) The coffee here is awesome.  If you like different flavors they have a lot (tiramisu and chocolate macadamia are my favorites so far), but the coffee is flavorful enough on its own.  

2.) The service is great!  Everybody is friendly and helpful.

3.) The food is delicious.

4.) THEY WILL GIVE YOU A SMALL FREAKING MIMOSA OR BLOODY MARY WHILE YOU WAIT FOR YOUR FOOD. I went in there one morning exhausted and cranky, and I feel like I straight up saw clouds parting and the sun shining when they offered me a drink.  It's nothing huge, but it's enough to make a difference.  

Get here before this place really gets big, they're already expanding into Northern Liberties!
Ok, so this clearly isn't my first review for this place, but it is a Definite MUST to review each time I get something from here (that's at least 1x a week!!) So today was just a coffee for me and grilled chicken for Sebastian, (yes - they grill their marinated chicken breast for my puppy love and cut it all up nice for him)) Well Sal 1 of the owners, gives me a sample of "bacon wrapped marinated grilled asparagus"  O M G!!!! I think Sal may secretly put samples of food in my bag because he knows this fat chick will be ADDICTED!! - if your a fishtowner, or even a newbie that resides in Fishtown and the Coffee house II isn't your destination breakfast lunch place, then something is wrong with you!!! Or your just clueless! - I'm saying this because I was reading some recent reviews and came across the one that was negative and couldn't understand why someone would write so many lies - Ok, could they possibly be out of some ingredients, YUP because their slamming it each day and everything you order is FRESH FRESH FRESH - however the coffee house staff will do anything to Please the customer, anything!! - could they run out of mimosa? Yes since they give out 400 free shots per day! However if they were out, they will provide you with a different free shot of something, and then I wonder how could someone even Bellyache over something that is offered free? Hmmmm and then her post reads that the owner was rude to her - so I can only imagine that each time this chick went in, she constantly gave the staff a horrific time - and I say this because the Coffee House too's Staff is trained to always go beyond and above for their customers!!! (Shhhhh I've heard them get in trouble for not addressing the customer by their name) - it's sad that we live in such a world where people "Look" for ways to be negative,  I assure you, the Coffee House Too is the place for all - you won't be disappointed!!!
We had made a visit here a few months ago when we were visiting friends and loved it! We were back in the area with family and couldn't wait to go back and share the great experience we had had with them. We were disappointed. It was a week day, late morning for our group of five. We were seated quickly, but then did a lot of waiting. Waiting for drinks, waiting for our order to be taken, and then waiting for our food. We watched three other parties who had arrived after us get their orders first. When our food did arrive, three of our orders were incorrect and had to go back to the kitchen. In addition, our coffee was cold and our drinks never got refilled. The food was delicious, that hadn't changed, it was just disappointing that the service didn't match up and there was no service recovery for the many Inconveniences we had. Our quick stop in for breakfast ended up being over an hour and forty-five minute stop.
This coffee House was hands down the best spot I have visited thus far! It is a little on the small side but opens up as you go upstairs. It is definitely a local spot for anyone visiting Philly and want to get away from the touristy areas. 

Outside seating is available and you may bring your pets to eat outside with you. The robot at the entrance is very eye catching!

We were immediately seated by our amazing waitress. I cannot remember her name but she was an older woman. She was enthusiastic, fast, didn't forget anything, and brought the kids fruit without us asking. 

It's a lovely spot to have brunch or a cup of coffee while you read a book or finish some last minute work. I highly recommend this place to anyone. The coffee is delicious and if you are hung over try the hangover sandwich, you will not be disappointed!
I wish I found this gem sooner! 

The bae & I visited this place for a quick brunch on Veteran's Day since we both had off. As soon as you walk in, you're about 4 feet away from the counter displaying fresh baked goods. In addition to outdoor seating, there is a seating area on the 2nd floor, which we didn't check out since we got lucky with the weather & sat outside. 

My BF ordered the Original Hangover Hoagie with Turkey Sausage. I was more basic and ordered a Bagel, Egg, Cheese, Tomato, & Turkey Sausage Sandwich on a Jalapeño Bagel. Bruh, let me tell you, that Hangover Hoagie was thebomb.com! It was really flavorful and absolutely delicious. My bagel sandwich was pretty good too, but nothing out of the ordinary. We'll definitely come back to try another one of their hangover hoagies. The guy at the counter was also really nice and friendly. Overall, an A++ experience.
The extra mile. A small muffin "while you figure out what to order ." A warm smile. A complimentary mimosa. When the bill was 8.05 and I offered a twenty, I got $12 back, not $11.95.  Delicious food plated attractively. All those taken together give it five stars in my book.
No reason to go here unless you are in walking distance.  There are many better options in the area.
My friend and I went here on Halloween to grab a bite to take home and eat. I had no idea they even had dinner foods, I thought it was more of a sandwich/coffee place. I've been putting off going here even though it's so close to my house just because it's cash only and I never carry cash.

Anyway, I got chicken fingers and french fries, which were both very good. However, the mac and cheese was a big disappointment. It was more like buttered noodles with a little browned cheese on top. So sad :(

On food alone I'd give this joint three stars, but because they give you free wine while you wait, I'm going to bump it up one, so take that into consideration. The staff seems really, really nice.
I could eat the chicken and brie wrap every single day! (If only I lived in Fishtown.) Love this place, the food, and the service. I've been making it a goal of mine to go every Sunday now that I'm a short drive away. Love the amazing selection of food and I also am addicted to the banana chocolate chip muffins, and I rarely even eat any other muffin.

I love the selection of mugs and it's always a treat knowing I'll have a table to sit in upstairs. No matter the wait, I'm always going to eat in. 

I'm almost sure this place is my favorite in all of Philly. I'm super picky about my food, but I can never complain about Coffee House Too! P.S. Bring back sweet potato fries!
Great coffee & a friendly staff. Very clean & organized. Just here to say great coffee - that's all I wanted & I got it so I'm happy :)
This place is a joke.  They waited half hour to tell us they didn't have seeded rolls. We said plain is fine and then 15 minutes later still no food while people who came in after us were finishing up.
I've only been here once but my experience was that I had to wait for more than 10 minutes for a breakfast burrito which was really soggy and falling apart before I even started eating it.
Best cheese steak ive ever had in my life. The service is amazing, the staff is phenomenal and the prices are on point... Definitely my new favorite spot, i just wish there was more of these places spread around the city.
Everyone that works here is in competition for the Nicest Man in the World award. And there is always at least one cute dog there.

+free mimosas on the weekend
+hangover hoagie 
+bad ass delicious coffee
Came here this morning with my father in law, who is kind of a self proclaimed coffee house aficionado. I can't say enough how great this place is. Right on my way home from my son's school, I finally went in since my FIL is in town visiting. Downstairs is a tight squeeze (next time I'll leave my big purse home) but there's the cutest seating upstairs. Super cozy, good vibes, the employees couldn't be more proud to work there. You can tell just by their greetings they take pride in being a part of the coffee house family. Coffee is rocking, bagels are fresh. Do yourself a favor and try to homemade veggie cream cheese. I'll never have store bought again. They're dot friendly too, not sure about upstairs but you don't have to tie your dog up to go in and grab coffee. Cash only but they have an atm. All in all the place is great.
Coffee House Too is the best Coffee House in Philadelphia! I have been a loyal patron since the establishment first opened in Fishtown. The staff is always courteous, professional, and remembers your name like the old tv show " Cheers". Ronnie was my waitress today and has been on prior vists. She is very professional and is always attentive to the customers requests! Coffee House Too the Champions of Coffee!
DO NOT GO HERE!!! Today is my birthday and I went to try to order a vegan cheesesteak which is on the menu. When I tried to order the cashier said a cheesesteak is not vegan and she was disgustingly rude to me. Then she  didn't even let me finish my sentence and said "can I help the next person" while I was standing there. I did not catch her name but she had red hair. I can't believe someone treated me so poorly.
Stopped in for the first time for an iced coffee and a cappuccino. The guy working the counter was very friendly and immediately took our orders, pausing to ask what kind of milk I wanted and if I wanted a dusting of cinnamon on top. (I did).

Coffee was flavorful and he even made the milk foam into a heart shape on top of my cappuccino!

Will definitely be back to try the breakfast food out soon.
When I feel like a need real food for breakfast I drop by here and get a ham egg and cheese. The thick slab of ham is what makes the sandwich for me. This place just gets it right. They felt like a part of the neighborhood since opening. Good, unpretentious, food and friendly service make this my immediate go-to joint for a quick bite. The fifth star is for having long hours which is much appreciated for that after-work lazy grab a sandwich type of night. A  solid menu, convenient location w/ easy parking, and reasonable hours make Coffee House Too a practical business with a good vibe. I look forward to them being part of the neighborhood for a long time.
Sorry Rocket Cat, I love you but I've been totally cheating on you with Coffee House Too.

The breakfast sammie is a must. Cheddar cheese comes standard and there is something about the hot sauce they use that just makes it. The guys who work there are always so friendly and make a huge effort to remember your name and order. If they don't have what you want, they will try to make it, or suggest something similar. 

The free mimosas don't hurt either (nor does the cute counter staff)! 

I can't wait to come back for lunch to try more of the menu!
Besides the food being great the service is AWESOME!!! They offer free drinks as you enter and you get free muffins before breakfast. Then the food comes out and it is fairly priced and huge portions. This quaint spot is a perfect breakfast place. Will definitely be back for more!!
Best coffee/breakfast shop in fishtown. The prices are great and the portions are huge. You can easily get a delicious breakfast and coffee for under $10. I would recommend the Original Hangover Hoagie, which can be had in either a Hoagie roll or in a wrap (which makes it the perfect breakfast burrito!) 

I'm becoming a regular there, and I suggest everyone in the area try them out! Also, you get a free small orange juice or cocktail (mimosa or Bloody Mary) with every food order!
Yes, yes, and yes. Staff here is incredible. Food is great. They offer free mimosas. FREE. MIMOSAS. 

do it.
My boyfriend and I chose to grab lunch from here yesterday because of all the great Yelp reviews. To be perfectly honest, if it werent for the awesome reviews, we would have lived LITERALLY down the road and never came here (signage needs some word, you need to stand out a bit more!).  We went into it knowing we wanted to binge.  We ordered (to take out because we work from home) the meatball parm sandwich with steak fries and the chicken cutlet sandwich with steak fries.  I asked on the phone about how much it would be and also how long it would take.  He informed me that with the steak fries (a little extra) it would be about $20 (not too bad I guess but I hope theyre big decent sandwiches because for 10$ a plate, I hope it's large).  He told me to give him 10 minutes- that's where I nearly fell in love!  I so appreciate them getting it out so quickly!  This place is cash only but they do have an ATM so thats good.  When I went to pick up the food I was delighted at how quick the process was, in and out and the parking was awesome too.  The food turned out to be excellent and well worth any amount of money.  Tons of food (I had a LOT of leftovers- but then again the chicken cutlet sandwich is a heavy dish and very filling).  My boyfriend LOVED his meatball parm and the steak fries were done perfectly.  Just the perfect experience.  Please know that if you choose the meatball parm or chicken cutlet sandwich, dont expect to feel light after; this is definitely like comfort food so dont come here on a diet. 

All in all, great job guys!! Delicious and pleased and looking forward to coming back and sitting down upstairs.
Wont be coming back to this place..... Full Service only Rule Sucks i ordered something to eat and a Latte  wanted to relax and enjoy  inside and i was told i wasn't able to eat there because its a full service restaurant...Guy just asked me if i wanted to cancel the order and i did. Went elsewhere.
I eat here about once/ week and I look forward to my visit each time. 

Food is good. Location is great. Kind and courteous staff. Free wine while you wait.
After braving sub very cold temperatures and the kind of whirling dervish snow that penetrates even the longest infinity scarves, I came to realize at once that this coffee house bruncherie is everything you want it to be. Friendly - but not overly friendly, and that's important - comfortable ambiance. Delicious food and cappuccino, almost under-priced affordability.

I had the hangover sandwich with my usual choice of breakfast meat. It comes with a complimentary mimosa, Bloody Mary, or orange juice. I went with the non-alcoholic selection, which should please my mom. 

The sandwich was exquisite. A fine option when I lack Breakfast Jonny ingredients at home. 

Nothing more needs to be said.
Went here for the first time today and loved it! Great breakfast/brunch spot with a good mix of unique and classic dishes. The main seating area upstairs is cozy but not claustrophobic (although seating for more than 6 could get tricky). The free cocktail/muffin with meal is fun and makes breakfast feel like a special occasion. But the thing I was most impressed by was the service. Everyone is so friendly, helpful, and seems to genuinely enjoy being there. 

We live really close by and I am kind of fearful for my waistline because we will definitely be back!
My friends and I went to Coffeehouse Too's second location (501 Fairmount) for brunch yesterday and it was amazing! First and foremost, this place 1. Took our reservation, and 2. Was BYOB. Finding a place that did both for a Saturday morning is such a struggle, but this place was super accommodating!

We arrived with our party of 8 and the staff were great about making sure we had everything that we needed. Our waitress (Jo) was super friendly and the we all loved our food (I got an original Hangover Hoagie. The garlic butter makes it!). The owner, Sal, came up to our table and was also great. I would highly recommend this place to anybody in the area and hope that I can make it back soon! Thank you!
I had very high hopes for this restaurant when I walked in based on the reviews. They told us a five minute wait which was no big deal. Another couple walked in about 3 minutes after us and they were offered complementary coffee or mimosas, and I thought that was odd since none were offered to us, and we had already been waiting there some time. Our 5 min wait ended up turning into 10-15 and we were seated for breakfast. Now the food wasn't terrible. It was good, however, very greasy. If you love that in your breakfast then this is a go to place. I just find greasy food to be a way of masking good quality. I had a simple breakfast composed of eggs, potatoes, and rye bread, so I was shocked to see that much grease and disappointed as I knew it would end up giving a sore stomach later. Our waiter was very polite and made the breakfast a bit more enjoyable, but I just didn't find the entire experience too impressive overall. They also didn't accept cards as we learned upon our entrance which was a decent inconvenience for us and seems a bit backwards for the times(especially since their machine charged $2.75). I probably won't be heading back because I don't care for overly greasy food and I didn't find it to be that great of an experience. This may be a good spot if you are having a bad hangover, however it wasn't a spot I'd go out of my way for.
First time here. Very friendly service and the grilled chicken with Brie wrap was delectable. Recommend the habanero wrap for some extra kick and the homemade pepper chips are a must. Latte was perfectly made. Makes me wish I lived around the corner!
Was just at this place. Chose this over Green Eggs next door, I wanted to patronize the local coffee shop.  I live in Center City, so know Green Eggs.  Nothing bad to say about them, but wanted to try something new.  I requested scrambled eggs and veggies, scrapple on the side, to go.  I was told I could not just order eggs, I had to order a whole platter including toast and hash browns - neither of which I wanted.  No customizations allowed to the platter arrangements on the menu.  This news was served with just enough attitude to be annoying.  I am from Philly, North Philly actually, just a few miles north of here.  I know the attitude.  The service in this place is clearly a mix of "we're here serving coffee because of the new office building next door, but we don't exactly welcome these new people to the neighborhood with open arms.  We will take your money but we don't have to be nice about it."   
I settled, and got an egg sandwich - apparently you CAN customize sandwiches.  She asked if I wanted my eggs scrambled. I did.  The eggs came fried anyway, on soggy toast.  
Rude service, average food.  I'll go to Green Eggs next door next time.
Coffeehouse Too is awesome. Great regular breakfast food, great breakfast hoagies, good coffee, incredible service. Nothing bad to say about this place except there aren't many "healthy" options. It isn't their specialty. 

"Hangover hoagies" are wonderfully indulgent egg hoagies (including hash browns), even without meat. I prefer the veggie. If you are actually hung over and in need of emergency grease you could go with scrapple or bacon.

While you wait for your food they offer free mimosas, wine, or OJ. What a nice touch.

I have not eaten upstairs in their dining room yet but I've heard only good things, and knowing how they stress quick and quality service I assume it's a good experience.
The Coffee House is a true diamond in the rough.  Their coffee selection is great, their food is very high quality and interesting and the people are very friendly.  Doesn't look like much, very small, quaint little coffee house, but they make a lot of really great food.  The best part is that if you bring a dog in there, they give your dog bacon, they offer you a glass of wine if you have to wait, just a really nice place.
The only reason that I didn't give them 5 starts is because there isn't really much room in there to eat or sit.  However, apparently they are expanding to include an upstairs dining area...this will definitely propel them to 5 star territory.
Fishtown's finest breakfast spot. Good prices, good ol down to earth staff and all your standard meals made with love! The coffee is pretty bad but it adds to the glory imo
I think this is becoming my favorite coffee house.  The people who work here are so nice and try hard to remember your face and what you order.  The coffee is good, and the food is great & inexpensive.  They give you free wine while you wait for your order!  The only thing I could say negatively is they lack space to sit inside, so it turns into a take out shop in the winter.  It's a shame because I'd hang out here all the time if they had the right ambiance!
This is my new favorite breakfast spot! I've lived in Fishtown almost 6 years now, not sure how I missed this joint. Amazing staff, food, and coffee. I try to hit all the local coffee houses and this is one of the best. The hangover hoagies are huge, delicious, and really reasonably priced. Multiple people (not just our waitress) made sure we had plenty of coffee and didn't need anything. The owner checked in with us at our table and on our way out. Couldn't have asked for a more enjoyable breakfast. I'll definitely be back!
Best hidden gem for breakfast!!! Service is spot on. The food-- the food--- is an adventure every time you go! Creative and delicious! If you want a good coffee, get the Aloha Latte!
The food and coffee is OUTSTANDING. It's fresh, high quality, and creative. 

My reviews continue to fall due to the service. Staff downstairs is top notch. But, upstairs my boyfriend and I haven been repeatedly disappointed.  One of the servers is extremely friendly. Great girl. But she tends to get our orders wrong. There is another server that is condescending to my foreign boyfriend (who speaks perfect English).  She tells him his choice is not on the menu, while scoffing & rolling her eyes. When he opens it and shows her - no apology. She makes an excuse for her ignorance. 

This happens on a regular basis. No need for this review to be an unproductive rant. 

My boyfriend and I stopped going to Coffee House Too.
I was visiting friends in philly and was very underwhelmed by the city as a whole. But having brunch at coffee house restored my faith (somewhat...philly still sucks...sorry!). 

It's a split between take out and dine in, with a kitschy little dining room upstairs. It's CASH ONLY which makes me really mad because dining in will easily cost you $12-15 and I never carry that much cash around. Anyways, we were seated after a few minutes on a Sunday at 1 and given complimentary muffins...YAY. Free muffins makes up for the cash only. 

I ordered the Philly steak and egg sandwich on a long roll ($8.75) and it was phenomenal. Like holy sh!t it was that good. There were 3 dang eggs and a generous amount of sirloin steak on a wonderfully soft roll oh my I just can't. I would def come back just for this glorious sandwich.
Literal sense of don't judge a book by it's cover. They have a dorky sign that made my friends and I avoid it forever. After not wanting to drive some place to grab breakfast we decided to give this place a try and it was really good!
Interesting spot that is a coffee shop but doesn't feel like one.  Very small area inside with the register but there is seating upstairs and outside.  Glad that they are dog friendly and I could bring my dog for brunch.  Great hoagies.  I thought it was cool that you get a free cocktail with your meal and I was given the choice of mimosa or a Bloody Mary.  Prices are reasonable and staff is friendly.  I will be returning.
Best place for comfort food!  Love their homemade potato chips. They have outside seating and I hear they are opening indoor seating April 2013.
We love the coffee house! Everything is very good here! Friendly staff! They will remember your name on your third visit! Free Bloody Mary orange juice or mimosa while you wait for your food!!! Egg ham and cheese sandwich is my favorite breakfast meal! This place deserves 5 stars
This is a cute lil place but that's where it ends. If you like to drink nasty coffee  just because it's trendy , this is the place for you. Sandwiches are tasty , but for $4.50 for a pork roll and cheese , I would expect more than 2 slices of meat that's  a lil over an 1/8 inch thick ,
Best hangover spot in Fishtown.   Super friendly staff that includes the adorable Mary Kate and that uber babe Austin from that stellar band Left of Logic.   On top of that the decor is can't miss, complete with lava lamps, decadent curtain tassels, and enough mirrors to satisfy a celebrity (that means you A.J. Thomas)
I have lived just down the street from this Coffee Shop for past year and I have to say it is undoubtably our go to. The staff is friendly and attentive, and I have yet to have anything less than excellent from the kitchen. The upstairs dine in area is a little small and might be difficult for large groups, but we've had a great experience here and the BYOB breakfast option is a plus.
Good food - a great BLT, Salad, and baked goods to go. Super friendly, fast, courteous, and did I say friendly? Cleaning protocol looked good, only two customers inside at a time, and hand sanitizer everywhere.
Taking cash only, but otherwise super convenient. I even called in my order ahead for speedy pick up.
Will return.
Good take out with a large menu, and good coffee too!
Best breakfast sandwich - hangover original with chipotle mayo! This place is my new to to breakfast spot and they are extremely friendly, always offering free mimosa while you wait. It gets packed at times so make sure to call ahead.
Just ordered delivery, maybe that was a mistake. $20 was a lot to spend on this. Turns out the toast was kinda burned and was the end of the loaf too. Totally disappointed.

Okaaaay. Let me clarify my math (lol) and apologize for rounding up a nickel (also lol) I did get steak fries and I didn't include those in the $20 price I mentioned since they aren't in the picture. 2 egg breakfast was $9.20 +$2 for that sausage = $11.20, "1 Belgian waffle" $8.75, steak fries $4. Total $23.95. $11.20 + $8.75 = $19.95 to be more specific. 

And still, $11.20 and $8.75 for a worse breakfast than I'd get at McDonald's and "1 Belgian waffle" that was terrible. 

BUT $4 steak fries....totally reasonable price

What we've also learned here is don't be the last order! (At 2:22, when they close at 4 according to website)

My bad for not paying attention and realizing this way too late, but how did I end up paying $11.20?!? (See pics)
My favorite coffee shop! 
I've gone to this place multiple times and have been impressed every time. I've tried lattes, drip coffee, baked goods and breakfasts and have had great experiences every time. Highlights: their smaller latte is a triple shot for ~$5, which is the best deal I've found, the cheese steak breakfast burrito is great, and, when I was there last, they offered a complimentary beverage (orange, bloody Mary, mimosa) with the purchase of a breakfast item. Then on top of all that, the service is great. Everything's been prompt, and all staff members are energetic and friendly. It's felt that they want to do right by their customers. 
Between the quality, cost and costumer service, this place is great. I go out of my way to go here! Great local place to support - try it out and see for yourself!
Coffee shop and take out counter downstairs, full service upstairs. I got a veggie breakfast burrito - it was really great! Full of vegetables (red pepper, broccoli rabe, onion, spinach) and grilled too! They have hot sauce packets to go, which is awesome if you like hot sauce as much as me! It's cash only, and they have an ATM.
Found this gem just around the corner from my new place. Awesome service, great breakfast and free mimosas with my omlette! My new favorite coffee shop can't wait to try the other food offerings.
'Welp, the reviews are good but the signage is bad and screw it, I'm done wandering around this town'. That was my thought process to swing into this Fishtown cafe and well, you know what they say about expectations...

High ratings had me hopeful of espresso shots comparable to Reanimator just down the street-- man oh man was I wrong. Rocked my usual Black Eye and it felt like a watered down dark roast coffee--- despite me watching the girl pull espresso shots and dump them into my drink.

Bummer town for cafe aficionados and enthusiastic brunch booze drinkers alike.

The staff seemed like rad dudes/dudettes, the layout just doesn't harbor any sort of comfort or hangout space (unless you want to sit outside and peer in the door). Skip this and pop over to Reanimator or Kraftwork (depending your Sunday/Saturday morning fancy).
This place is FKING ridiculous...I sat here for 1 hour and my food still not yet arrive...two tables after me already got there foods, finished and gone...on top of that, they messed up my order....will NEVER return to this place....EVER...THIS PLACE DESERVE NEGATIVE STARS.....
My boyfriend and I stopped here for a quick breakfast. It was really quant and quick. I got some breakfast potatoes and a bacon egg and cheese croissant. The food was tasty and fairly priced. I even got a small glass of mimosa with my food. It was awesome, we'll be back.
I hopped on Yelp as soon as I finished eating cuz it was that good:) maybe being hungover helped a little  but seriously, we walk in and we see the server running the whole show doing a million things at the same time and it was fascinating to watch. I admired his efficiency and his friendly attitude. 

It seemed that usually people order in advance bc it's a 30-40min wait but we were offered free mimosa, Bloody Mary, OJ, or wine and we thought that was genius! Ofc we didn't decline the offer:) and we only waited for like 20-25mins and the server happily came out with our order.

We got the fajita hangover hoagies. My husband got the steak and I got the chicken and they were both so delicious. The sandwich was full of meat, potatoes, veggies and three fried eggs. The bread is soft, eggs were crispy delicious and I love having plenty veggies in my meals:) it was a hefty sandwich and I loved that they wrapped up each half individually to make it easier to eat. Also genius! 

We will def be here again cuz we only live 5mins away!
Quaint Coffee shop located in the Kensington are of Philadelphia. 

Note, this shop is small and not made for dining in. I believe it is takeout only. 

I ordered the Hangover Breakfast sandwich (this is what they are known for). The sandwich comes 3 eggs, choice of meat, cheese, hash potatoes, lettuce and tomatoes. I opted for the hash on the side along with the lettuce and tomatoes. 

My order was ready upon arrival. Service was swift and the cashiers were friendly. Overall, pleasant experience, would return.
This place is incredible. From the food, to how cozy it feels upstairs. From the service, to the amazing little muffins. I really feel at home when we have the pleasure of stopping in. Thank you for everything you all do!
Best breakfast around ! I ordered takeout 3 times before realizing there's an awesome (but small) upstairs sit-in area. So cozy. Our household consensus favorite menu item is the BELT with tarragon mayo. So good. That hash too. The best.
Was in town from New York and my family took me here during my visit and it's good I'm not from the area because I'd be at this place everyday. Coffee House Too has amazing, cheap breakfast and a super friendly staff! I was actually hungover and decided to order the infamous hangover hoagie and it was incredible. Can't stop raving about this to my friends back home. Everyone has to come here and try this hoagie. 

Besides the amazing hoagie and amazing staff, your table gets a complimentary Bloody Mary or mimosa and muffins!
From the moment I stepped into this place to the moment I left, I had the best customer service of my entire life on a lazy Saturday morning. Even though we only had a 4 minute wait for a table, the staff made sure they were on top of everything and gave us our complementary mimosa early to break up the time! Walking up the steps, you end up in a small second floor area with room for maybe 5-10 small tables. Even the muffins they gave us at the beginning were delicious, my favorite being the chocolate chip! Since there is a small area and only one or two people able to fit working at the same time, the waitress made sure each group was satisfied. The food was amazing, with great quality and a great portion size that made me wonder if I should've split something! Coming with perfectly ripe watermelon, nicely cooked eggs and crispy fries, it seemed like they did everything just right!  

The Hangover Special is a favorite here as I've heard from many, but don't sleep on the daily specials or the breakfast dishes, many of which include spin-offs of their regular items but with a tasty twist! I had the pastrami and potatoes, which came with onions and peppers and swiss, but there were more than several things on the menu that had me excited. Although the place is small, they reward their customers with a positive experience all around. I will be back very very soon!
