Against my better judgement, I visited Con Murphy's after reading Yelp reviews that consistently described the service and food as mediocre. Guess what? I received mediocre service and food. With such a great location, it's a shame that Con Murphy's doesn't deliver friendly and fast service. I was seated right away but my server was not very attentive or friendly. I ordered the cheesesteak, which was edible, but not one of the better restaurant variations I've had. I had to flag her down for more ketchup as she chatted with another server at the bar. The margarita was really good and only $5 due to their happy hour special. Another good thing, is that I got 15% off my meal for checking in on the Yelp app. Since I was dining alone, the view from Con Murphy's prime location at the corner of 17th & the Parkway made for great people watching. It's a shame that the view was the most exciting thing about my experience.
Beautiful setting! Nice patio. We had the cauliflower appetizer, didn't expect it to be breaded and fried based on description but it was good. I had the Cesar salad with salmon, delicious! I had the sauvignon blanc, crisp and clean. Great service and nice atmosphere! I would recommend
Cute little Irish bar/pub located right next to the Windsor Suites in good 'ole Philly! 

From the outside, Con Murphy's looks like a tiny pub that you might miss unless you're looking for it. However, on the inside there are various levels available for seating along with an outdoor option (for the warmer months). 

If you're not busy grabbing a cheese steak somewhere you should definitely check out Con Murphy's for breakfast/brunch. 

I came on a Saturday for brunch with my boyfriend. We were staying at the hotel which meant we could take advantage of the brunch deal offered to hotel guests. 

How does this deal work? You basically pick out any breakfast menu item worth $13 or less and you get that plus coffee (refills included) and a glass of orange juice for ten bucks! Not too shabby, if I do say so myself. 

I ordered the eggs Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the salmon eggs Benedict, which brought a side of home "fries" on the plate and a small serving of ketchup. Not only was it visually appealing, but hands down probably the best eggs Benedict I've had in ages! 

Service was absolutely amazing and rather quick. 

I would not hesitate to come back and check out their lunch or dinner menu.
So I've combed through most of the reviews on here posted before mine... allow me to summarize:

Bad reviews: one-off experiences where expectations weren't met, usually by service.  There was a 1 star review of a catering experience.  

3-Star reviews: Nothing very informative, just a lot of personal descriptions of "not too bad, not very amazing"

Positive reviews: Mostly from local regulars, praising the "everybody knows your name" atmosphere.  

So with that, I'll throw my opinion in the mix and join the local praise.  The food, (relative to the rest of Philly pubs) is a solid 3 to 3.5 stars.  The real charm of this place is the "Cheers" effect.  I'm here once during the week because the bartenders and other regular patrons know me and it's convenient to my work.  

Bottom line:  Out-of-towners - if you're staying close by (Windsor, Embassy Suites, Four Seasons) and want a regular local pub joint, Go to Con's.  It's a little better than Public House and Mace's.  Don't expect a 5-Star experience and then rail on the place online.  

Local folk - If it's convenient to where you work/live, consider joining us!  We're one big happy family.
Came here with a big group of friends to hang out the night before a wedding. A buddy of mine recommended it as a great place to relax and have a few drinks (aka ground floor of his hotel). 

It was empty aside from a couple, a pair of girls at the bar, and some random old guy who talked to everyone. Our group of about 15-20 people pretty much filled the place, so you would think they would be really nice to us, right? Every single person who went up to order got attitude from the bartender. At one point, he ignored me to flirt with a customer.. and then mixed up the drink order. Why am I not surprised?

Anyhow, I didn't get a chance to try the food, but the menu didn't have anything that really piqued my interest. The big let down is that for an Irish Pub, they don't seem to have a whole lot of selection of beer or whiskey. Sadly, they didn't have my favorite British beer, Boddington, either. Seemed like "Irish" was added to lure the unknowing... 

It wasn't until later we put it all together that the sole bartender (they should have more than one, right??) was the problem. The highlight of the night was when one of my buddies and I go up to the bar and try to order a drink and he asks us about this tab he has open. Doesn't know the name. Doesn't know what he looks like. Just has a partial card number... *and* knows that they guy closed his tab, signed for it, and left... but someone else told him to keep it running and he did! He couldn't even remember what the second guy looked like. Yet, he was asking us for some reason?! Needless to say, we spent some serious money that night. Some more than others apparently... We decided to move our festivities elsewhere for the other nights.. and won't be coming back again. 

If you find yourself in the area and must get a drink here, save yourself a potential headache and bring cash.
Tourist Haven. Bro hangout.  D-bag central.

All of the above describe Con Murphy's.  It's like a Public House wannabe and we all know what a shit-show PH is.

They have your standard Bud Light/Miller Light/Yuenling on tap, but nothing stood out as interesting.  The place was crowded during happy hour on a Friday and I really can't seem to figure out why.  Perhaps it's the location?  

The food is standard pub fare.  My husband and I had the corn dog appetizers which weren't terrible, but weren't great either.  My wine tasted like it had come from a bottle that had been open for a few days - yum.

If you're from Philly, you should know better than to go here.  If you're not, then at least you have an excuse.
I've never done this before...I am providing an update and taking away TWO STARS! I had my beloved short rib grilled cheese again today and it was HORRIBLE! It went from the best grilled cheese I've ever had to the worst grilled cheese of my life in a mere few days. I would have sent it back (which I never do THAT'S how bad it was) but I got it to go as I was taking it back to my hotel room. The bread was burnt and the cheese wasn't melted whatsoever. Clearly someone threw it in a hot pan and paid little, if any, attention to my $13 grilled cheese. I tried a house salad instead of fries. Huge mistake. Equally horrible. It wasn't even real lettuce it was just that frilly nonsense that is typically only put on a plate for garnish underneath something else. Tomatoes were all bad. So not happy!
I strangely kind of love this place . . . at least in the context of happy hour with co-workers.  If you work in the area and don't want to travel too far, your happy hour options are somewhat limited.  You could go to the public house, and the happy is instantly removed from happy hour.  or you could head here.  I can't quite pinpoint why its great for this, and it might only be that its just so much more enjoyable than public house .. . .
The chicken fingers were yum, but the service was dismal and the server outright ignored someone's food allergy. This place seems to attract a younger, more obnoxious crowd. Or maybe I'm just starting to get old.
Came here with a friend last night for a few drinks and snacks. Given that the only reason we chose Con Murphy's was due to their online advertised specials of " LATE NIGHT SPECIALS:           EVERY DAY 10PM - CLOSE  " $3 Heneiken, Yuenglings, Coors light and $4 pints all day.. $5 Fries, Chicken Tenders, Loaded Nachos -- and the server did not honor any of these specials, the 2 stars speaks for itself. Either update your website, or honor your specials you advertise -- pretty unacceptable. 

Service wise - our server was a nice, came by at appropriate times to ask us if we wanted another beer and such. 

The chicken tenders at $10 were a joke. Dry on the inside, and no seasoning on the batter at all -- luckily they have salt on the table so I had to douse it with some salt and generously dip in the honey mustard and bbq sauce. Might be worth $5, definitely not the $10.

Wouldn't return without specials based on that experience.
Stopped by on Cinco de Mayo because the idea of going to anyplace Mexican seemed insane (i.e. Mexican Post was a nightmare). Outdoor seating is very good - lots of tables and good people watching. Their happy hour specials were decent. Our server was a bit frazzled, but that's expected given the "holiday". Had the fries - dusted with old bay and a side of beer cheese sauce. Tasty and crunchy!
Every time I book a room at Windsor Suites I always enjoy a meal and drinks here. Fantastic environment and great food. 

They offer live music every Friday and Saturday which is upbeat and fun.

Pirogies and spicy cauliflower are my go to app with a Smithwicks to guzzling down on the side.

Shepherds pie, fried chicken sandwich, burgers... haven't had a meal I didn't love here.
Reasonably enjoyable Irish pub. Have a Guinness Stout on tap which always works and never disappoints. We shared a fish and chips place which was again reasonably well done - although a bit heavy on the breading in my opinion. Service started out slow but picked up. I would not say this place is my go to -- however it's a perfectly acceptable Irish pub that was close to where we were staying.
PLEASANTLY SURPRISED. I'm not a big fan of pubs in general given that I can't have beer (gluten-free) or meat (vegetarian), but this place really charmed me. 

We were in town for a conference at the Sheraton, and Con Murphy's is just a few steps away. I ordered the braised tempeh and my companion had the fish 'n chips. I couldn't believe how many appealing options were on the menu for vegetarians. The tempeh was a real comfort-food win and the fish in the fish 'n chips was a whole fillet of fresh, white, flaky fish-- no pulverized frozen-fried gunk here. 

Service was delightful. There was live music, which was good, but a little too loud for us. 

If I have to go back to Philly for a convention, I'll definitely go back to this pub. Food, service, and atmosphere were all quite good. It's easy to like you, Con Murphy's!
Very loud, and the food mediocre. The waitress was asked to recommend a dark beer and pointed out Sierra Nevada Pale Ale...ummm.
Con Murphy's is one of the better after work options for my office. And while (I believe) they have the same ownership as Tir Na Nog, I've always had a much better time at Con Murphy's. The bar on the second floor has a great layout for a large group where it has felt like a private event at times. And when the weather is nice, they have tables outside.

I also think they do Center City Sips right as oppose to other bars that will resort to plastic cups for a very water downed experience.

Bonus points to Con Murphy's for hosting a fundraiser for the Comcast MS Bike team
Let me just start off by saying, I would not have typically gone to a place like this.  It's buried in one of the hotels on the Parkway.  Saw it advertised on Level Up, and decided to take advantage of the deal.  The hostess sat us on the second level, near the 2nd bar, considerably far away from everyone.  We asked the waitress when she got there if they took Level Up, she said she didn't know much about it.

We ordered the food, it was above average, not exactly authentic Irish food.  I mean we ordered french fries and a reuben sandwhich.

The waitress was an asshole, I'm almost positive we were the only table in her section.    She was ok throughout the ordering and serving part, but anything we asked of her otherwise was just too much.  We go to pay with level up, and she comes by and says that she needs to find the level up phone ... ok fine, not a lot of businesses really use this thing yet ... so I was patient.  10 min goes by and she comes back and says the level up phone is dead, ok fine ... go charge it.  10 min go by, she comes back and says the phone is still charging ... Now, most people when a table comes in and asks about level up, you would think that the server would go find the level up phone and make sure its working.  10 more minutes come by and she says that it's broken and she doesn't know what to do.  Now, we have been here 30 min just waiting to pay.  I just remember saying, well, we came in for the level up deal and you are telling us that we can't pay with your advertised service, is there something your manager can do to give us an equivalent deal?  I remember being so mad by what came out of her mouth next, which was something like, "You guys didn't think we had level up or whatever", which after being a server for almost 10 years, i know that if you don't know something, you send your manager over instead of being a smirky little 19 year old at us for making her do her job.  If a manager of this restaurant reads this and knows who we are and what day this was ... that server should be put on dishwashing duty for a month.

Long story short, another 10 min go by and we get our drinks comped for the level up thing not working.  Not my idea of a pleasurable experience at all, and probably won't be coming back.  Forgot to mention that they had at least 20 HD tvs all over the restaurant playing golf. GOLF.
This isn't just your average Irish pub! This is an "elevated" pub experience from a food quality perspective. Atmosphere is definitely Irish and service is a little slow, but we had a blast watching the games here from the upper level seating area (great views!) and enjoying some really good beer options on tap and healthy food. We started with the hummus plate, and then ordered the scallops app, a really good beet and goat cheese salad, and the chicken parmesan sandwich special. All our food was totally on point and very generously portioned. I would totally come here again! They had a 90s cover band too the night we were there who rocked it!
"Oh look!  A new pub on the ground floor of my building!  How wonderfully convenient!"

Convenient, yes.  Worthwhile, no.

First visit (first week of opening): my bf had the Pork Belly Cubano, and I had the Brie Omelette.  Overall, mediocre--not terrible, not great, just enough food to fill our stomachs.  Service was occasional, but since we were the only table that wasn't surprising.

Second visit (~2 -3 weeks later): My bf and I ordered fish & chips.  Food takes a little while to get to the table--probably because the chef was shmoozing with three girls by the bar.  Tried the chips--good, not great; the side of red cabbage slaw (I think that's what it was)--pretty tasty; the fish..."Hmm, I thought it was going to be a big fish fillet instead of sticks. (Break open a piece) Oh wait....this isn't fish.  This is chicken."  Bf starts breaking into his food to discover it's chicken, too.
The chef comes to our table: "Sorry, that's actually chicken."
Me: "Yes, I noticed."

So they take the food away and bring back fish & chips.  Oh, the disappointment.  The actual fish sticks were smaller than the chicken strips.  Oh, and they don't have malt vinegar for the fish & chips.

My bf mentioned the mistake to the owner, who was nice enough to buy us a glass of wine each and chat for a little while.  But in the end, we concluded Con Murphy's is not worth the time or money.
Came with my uncle on a Friday night to grab a burger and brew after a hard days work.

I think the jalapeno poppers are made in house, so I give four stars based on that and just the fact that they had them which I had been craving for the longest. 

Beers were fresh and cold, and burger was A-OK as well.

I just wish there would have been less cigarette butts all over the floor, but otherwise, outdoor seating was enjoyable.
We went into Con Murphy's on a Sunday morning around 9:15 because there was no wait and the place was empty. We were on a bit of a schedule, but we figured 45-50 minutes for breakfast food (basic eggs, toast, etc) was a reasonable amount of time. 

Oh dear, were we wrong. We waited 42 minutes to get our food and our server's only response was 'they are making new potatoes'. Was this a joke? They didn't have an alternative? Guests were simply supposed to wait 45 minutes for eggs? 

We were given 0 consolation for our inexcusably long wait and our server didn't even seem to care. She was more interested in setting up for some sort of buffet/banquet later in the day. 

When the food came, it was also riddled with mistakes and missing items, but since our server was nowhere to be found and we were pressed for time, we simply did not bother to correct anything. Everything was pretty basic, too, and hardly worth the price ($10 for an egg sandwich...really?). 

Needless to say, if I'm ever visiting Philadelphia, I will never go to this place again--I'd rather get Dunkin Donuts. At least I know what I'm getting (read: crappy food that's served quickly).
Stopped in here for a quick bite to eat while walking to the made in America concert. The food was great and the service was as well. However, the sangria I had was nothing special to say the least. My boyfriend got beer and was a happy camper. Also the turkey burger was not dry it was very juicy.
Con Murphy's is a Nice Pub on Ben Franklin Parkway. The Crab Cake Sandwich on Brioche Bun is huge and delicious. The fries were good as well. They have a nice outdoor seating set up which is heated. However we sat inside and watched the game. The Service was great.
You might think that this place would lack Irish street cred because it's on the parkway. You'd be sadly mistaken. If you know anyone actually from the island they go here. If they have an accent they go here. 
The food is truly excellent. It's been a while since I've been but a few years back I think I'd tried everything on the menu at least once. 

The place is pretty spacious inside. Plenty of room to get comfortable. There is also outdoor seating. 

The staff is Cheers friendly. Same goes for the patrons.
The outdoor (street) seating was awesome.  It was a beautiful evening and we had a lot to look at! Walking distance from embassy suites where we stayed and many stores. 

My favorite was the ricotta appetizer. It. Was. Magical.  

Happy hour started at 5pm which meant we arrived just in time! $2 off a glass of wine and a couple apps were $7. (Not the ricotta)

Smaller inside, upstairs was having a private party, so we didn't go up. But it was beautiful inside as outside
Decent pub food, but nothing to rave about when there are so many better options (especially in very close proximity). Come for a few rounds, or to enjoy some live music, but go elsewhere when its time to grub.
Attended a private party here on the second floor and had a great time.  It did get a little hot up there and the air conditioning needed to be turned up a notch but other then that it was great. 

The apps were good when we actually got one. We were not in the right position.  When the waitress came from the kitchen door the vultures standing there devoured everything.  

So we had to just drink more.  The bartender upstairs was nice. She kept me happy with Harps on tap...there was a nice selection of beers to choose from. 

After the party ended we moved it to the outside patio and had a great view just relaxing outside.  It took a really long time to get the drinks...that was about the only negative part.
Came in for lunch and was happy to see a Philly cheesesteak on the menu.

Ate at the bar, as I usually do.

Bartender, Aisling was friendly and efficient.  Just a little chat...not too invasive.  A pro.  Perfect. 

Philly cheese was excellent. Amoroso roll.  Zero gristle on steak.  Excellent steak to lightly fried onion to cheese to roll ratio, with just an insouciant essence of salt and pepper to enhance the flavor, yo.  Only American cheese was offered, no whizz, no provolone, no sharpprovolone, but there are other places for those choices, as well as sweet peppers and broccoli rabe... 

House made chips. Could have used a dip, but they did have me. ;-)

Nice ambiance.  Attached to swanky Windsor hotel, but fair prices too. 

Solid.  If you try it hope you enjoy.
Con Murphy's has the look and feel of a true pub but seems to lack the soul. It felt more like a chain. The menu revealed a mix of traditional, neo traditional and gastric pub choices. Fish and Chips, Irish Stew with beef not lamb and wtf? Brussels Sprouts with Kielbasa?
They offer a decent selection of beers to help pass the time. The service was good and ultimately the food was also quite good. I went non-traditional and tried the Crab Cake sandwich with fries. The crab cake was well proportioned and not overly bready. The fries had the skin on and were very good. Both the Shepherd's Pie and Guinness Irish Stew got a thumbs up as did the Burger and Cajun Special and the winner of the night was the Mac n Cheese   with Beef Short Rib.
Lovely bartenders and delicious pub food. What more can you ask for?

The Blackened Tuna Sandwich is a must try. Delish!
While you're at it, order the french fry appetizer - Old Bay fries with cheese sauce (which doesn't congeal with time); Never fails to please.
Not recommended unless you're starving.  Service is slow, but it's during COVID so this wasn't held against them, it was the food. Sandwiches were dry, French fries were bland.
My co-workers and I sat outside (bonus) at Con Murphy's for lunch today.  I'm giving it three stars, not because it wasn't good, but because it was as expected - good bar food and that's A-OK. 

We sat outside, and like I said what a nice bonus on a beautiful day.  It felt like it took quite a bit of time between placing our drink order and receiving it, but we were impressed once we did - my friend had ordered an Arnold Palmer and it was just so pretty looking, with perfect layers of lemonade and iced tea.  

On to the food -- our table ordered Honey Chili wings and two burgers.  

The wings were what wings should be - a decent size, just the right amount of crispiness, and an even number of flats and drummettes (even though I love flats, I do love an even split).  The sauce was delicious- spicy and sweet in the best way, not too much of either.  

The burgers were also good, although the patty to bun ratio was off - way too much bun for the meat (and the meat was a higher patty which through off your ability to hold your burger well).  With that said the flavors were great and the fries were also on point - just the right amount of crispness and well-salted.  I will say the medium burger was a little over, but our boss had ordered medium well, so it's understandable. 

All in all, the food was good. The service was a bit slow, but not too bad, and the joy of sitting outside was well worth it all.  Keep it up, Con Murphy's!
Awesome place! Stopped here for dinner while in town for a conference. Had the salmon burger and flourless chocolate cake. One of the best salmon burgers I've had. Super fresh, not fishy and not overcooked. 

Love the outdoor seating ~ cute tables in front of the restaurant. Transports me back to Europe instead of Philly!
Bartender was extremely rude. The irony was that behind him was a giant sign saying "There are no strangers here, jsut friends who havent met yet." Went back to the room.
This is in regards to my only visit there on New Year's Day afternoon for brunch. I live right around the corner so my friends and I decided we wanted food the next morning after all the NYE festivities. We didn't journey very far. We were greeted immediately and sat at a high table by the window with one side having a long high table bench. I'm way too short to be scooting and sitting down on this but we all adjusted. The waitress came over to greet us and my friend asked her if breakfast was still being served and she gave a vague answer. We soon saw that the table next to us who couldn't have come that much earlier got the breakfast menu and orders! This was very annoying as we only had to pick from the lunch menu of burgers, sandwiches, or pasta.
Our waitress hardly came over to check on us, glasses were often empty, and she I didn't pay attention most of the time. This may have been due to the super LOUD live music that was playing. This was New Year's Day afternoon mind you. Do they really think people want to hear loud random songs? It was a constant mix of genres and tempo with no regards to any preset list.... Just not good ambiance when you're trying to have a conversation and eat your food. 
Our food finally arrived and it was satisfactory. I got the breaded Mac n cheese and it was definitely as described. Crunchy on top and hooray inside and pretty good once topped with hot sauce. The meal was on the more expensive side for pub food. 
My experience would probably be better had I gone in the evening for drinks or in the summer for their lovely outdoor seating. Perhaps on my next visit.
A great, reliable, go-to Shop Local participant that gives 6% cash back when you link your card (credit, debit...I prefer the latter) to the SHOP·COM mobile app...

Really terrific lineup of brews, wines, spirits and cocktails. I love their flat iron steak and shepherd's pie. Great happy hour specials (particularly half off selected appetizers and $4 Stellas!), live performers right there by the staircase. 

It's even got additional restrooms that you can access through the always lovely and sophisticated Windsor condo right next door!  There's a nice lounge for you to unwind and even hook your laptop to. 

Despite all of these wonderful amenities, the greatest and simplest pleasure of all when I walk into C-Murph is a couple of pints of Guinness (on nitro!)...there's just something truly truly satisfying about having my first stout love...
I'm not considering the place as a sports bar, but as the only choice for breakfast without going outside from the Windsor Suites. There are multiple tv sceens with endless commericals and occasional bits of sports.

at 8:30 in the morning our rather simple orders of bacon and eggs were the only ones the kitchen had to deal with. It took 20+ minutes for the eggs and toast to arrive cold, bacon and potatoes lukewarm. They were delivered by a man from the upstairs kitchen. No waitress (two were working) was visible to ask for jelly (eventually we each got a pack of marmalade, though there were two pats of butter on each plate).
Ordered fish and chips as a pick-up order.  So disappointed.  Now, partly it's my fault for not getting there in 5 minutes instead of the 15-20 minutes that the hostess approximated.  Still, I arrived early, only to find that my order was ready and had been sitting there for who knows how long.  When I opened the container, which was about 30 seconds later, the fish was completely soggy, and the fries were even soggier, even wet.  There were droplets of water in the container from all the condensation that had built up while my order was just sitting around.  And on top of it all, they forgot the tartar sauce.  Sigh...
Nice place!  Located on the Ben Franklin Parkway, steps from Logan Square and the Four Seasons Hotel.  Intimate pub for center city dwellers.  Friendly staff!!  They had a live Irish Band the night I was there.
Excellent Shepherds Pie and decent fish and chips if you have a craving. Their bread pudding is quite good as well... but the bar atmosphere is awesome. The beer and spirit selection is great, and Liz, the Bartender, was funny quick attentive and seemed to be constantly in 12 places at once. She get's five stars even though the food gets 4 (quite good but needs a little bit extra something for the full five stars).

If you're ever downtown with nothing to do, the bar is an excellent and lively place to spend an evening hang out and grab a good and filling bite to eat... and pretty much everyone there is up for a chat.
Rude customer service: I went here with a group of friends who were staying at the Windsor Suites after a convention in the city. After putting $3 in the jukebox I was told (not politely) that the jukebox was being shut off because it was getting close to closing time. This in and of itself was no big deal but I was refused my money back after asking "Can I have money back?" Then at 2:10 we  were asked to "Finish up and go" in a rude manner by the bartender; now I understand that bar's in Philadelphia are not allowed to serve after 2am but I was also served a pint at 2:00am, 10 minutes prior. If you want your bar patrons out a reasonable time, call "last call"...don't make your patrons "chug" their drinks. If you don't mind this type of service and like a standard Irish Pub with high prices, this is the place for you.
This is a newly renovated place so it's clean and fairly modern looking. I suspect the owners are appealing to the "macho" guy crowd as decor is a little too austere. I like an Irish pub to have a few nooks and crannies where I can hide out with my husband and people watch and drink too much :) But that's just me! Still, I just couldn't escape the sensation that there's a "boys club" mentality here.  (Very, very inexperienced pretty young servers!) And then there's that "hotel restaurant" feeling that I could not escape. They cook for the Windsor where they're located and so it feels like a "fake" Irish pub, certainly not cozy in any way. I had dinner with my husband on a Friday evening. There were a few men (middle-aged) at the bar and only one other couple eating. Food was OK but meats a little over done. Worse though was the fact that little ingredients were missing from the description on the menu. As though the chef was off that night. And that really annoys me generally. If it's on the menu it should be on my plate. I think details are important. Cocktails were good, Sauvignon Blanc nice. But overall just not worthy of a second visit.
I stayed at the hotel right upstairs. It was really cold outside so we decided not to travel far for dinner. Con Murphy's was the perfect choice. The menu is filled with the normal bar foods. I ordered the Guinness beef stew. It was good but not as hot as I'd like. The beef, carrots and potatoes were all very soft and easy to eat.

Service was great. The hostess sat us right away and I had no complaints with the waitress/server. They were all very nice and welcoming. I'd come here again.
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of Con Murphy's Irish Pub's brunch! We chose it because it was near to the hotel where our friends were staying and it took reservations for larger parties for brunch. Great build-your-own omelet, good service, and calm atmosphere.
I will take a break from trying to break off chunks using my teeth from a block of dark chocolate chips that melted in my trunk during a drive from NY to Philly in 95 degree weather that subsequently re-solidified to form a giant inside-a-bag shaped block to write this review. There are now shavings all over my computer and desk. Ugh, life.

Anywhoo I came to this place after going to that rooftop drinks thing at, as I used to say in middle and high school, "the lib" (pronounced: lie-b). My friend, her boyfriend (not for long LOLOLOL, no I'm kidding, I would never....really..) and I were all like "ok let's get food tho". This friend is my intern soulmate bc she's almost as enthusiastic about nachos as I am.

After entering this establishment, we went upstairs for some reason. We walked past the bar and sat down at one of the tables. We persued the menus and waited for a while for someone to take our order. We became impatient until someone walked by and kindly informed us that there was no waiter service up here. I took the bullet and went to the bar to order for the table.

I ordered a watermelon marg and the other two fools in my party got regular margs. We also ordered nachos. I think I was pretty full actually and just accompanied them to drink more and hang out. The reason for which I was pretty full was bc I had eaten pretty much a large cheese pizza singlehandedly an hour or so before. 

Our drinks came and I thoroughly enjoyed the watermelon marg. It was tasty and refreshing. The nachos arrived to grace me with their presence. Like a captured spy, I initially resisted their efforts to draw me in but could only make it for so long. My intern soulmate and her boyfriend kept going on and on about how amazing they were. I classically decided I would "just try a chip or two". Cute bc they were so good I, SHOCKER, couldn't stop eating them. Too bad I didn't go to order nachos on an empty stomach, I could've had my way with those bad boys. 

The nachos were so good in fact, for the whole next day I kept thinking about how good they were. Like, no joke. 

I can't speak for any of their other menu items. I would come back for the nachos though.

Adios
This was my first time here and I loved this place! Stopped in on Wednesday after Sips. The place was hopping! DJ was spinning great music, a bunch of tvs around, a bar downstairs and upstairs. Downstairs was packed but there was plenty of room at the bar upstairs. I got a Long Beach Tea. The bartender checked with me on how to make it and it tasted great. She was very friendly. I didn't get to try any of the food but I'll definitely be back! :)
Food decent, service great, menu good. Apparently they serve a damn fine pint of Guinness, but the only problem is that it is definitely overpriced! 

This location definitely needed a decent restaurant, and if I were on the parkway, it's about the only place worth eating at. Just too expensive for what it is.
Super friendly staff, great happy hour and weekend deals and outdoor seating... fun spot to hang out for an afternoon or evening!
Not sure about all of these negative reviews on here. I thought Con Murphy's was a solid place when I stopped in this past weekend. First time in there. I was impressed with the coziness and decor. It's a very small place, and it's expected since its connected to a hotel, but they do a good job with it. Had brunch and as a big spicy foods/wing guy, the buffalo chicken and waffles caught my eye. Delicious. My girlfriend had a breakfast sandwich and was very high on their fries. Had a couple of Magner's Irish ciders as well, which were good. Showed the waitress the Yelp offer for a buy one, get one free drink for checking in and it was accepted right away. I'd definitely come back here, especially for an event.
I've now been in twice - the second time by accident.  By the time we realized we had shot and missed once before, we were already committed.  After trying for a redemption round, will definitely not make that mistake a third time!  

The staff was friendly but the food is just not good.  The crab and corn soup was alright but the tomato soup had no flavor to it, was not the consistency of soup, and the accompanying grilled cheese wasn't any better.  They literally just took two pieces of bread, put a piece of cheese in between, and stuck it in a panini maker (plain) to get some grill lines.
The mediterranean platter was alright but not exciting and the buffalo chicken wrap was alright if you dunked it in extra buffalo sauce.  The menu is a little bit all over the place, which at first seems intriguing, until you actually try it.  

If you do go, jsut stick with drinks.  All in all, not anything to go back for!
Watered down alcohol.  Do not ask for shots. Service is not the best. Only good for their 3$ coors lights
Interesting that some of the reviews have been okay to poor. My experience was very good. Thoroughly enjoyed the murphy fries..an interesting, and very tasy version of cheese fries..cheese fondue..the shepherd's pie was different from what I have had in Southern Ireland but likewise very good. The lamb is in more of a stock sauce (read light gravy) and no tomato hint..an interesting variation. Service was exemplary, and the bartender very professionally got rid of a rowdy drunk at the bar who was bent on singing 'i just called to say I love you'.   Will definitely return to try some of the other intriguing menu items!
I live right in Center City in the "Business" district I guess you'd say, and I find there's not many bars around this direct area that have a more "neighborhood" vibe. I usually trek south to drink, but when I am trying to stay closer to home, Con Murph's fills that void for me. Happy Hour gets the corporate crowd, but the weekends and later in the evenings it has a more authentic Irish bar vibe, especially when they have Irish musicians playing on a randam Sunday afternoon. By the way,  I am reviewing it for the bar atmostphere and the drinks, not as much the food as I have not eaten here a ton. The few times I have it's been decent bar food though and the wings are REALLY good (and I am pretty picky about my wings).

I like how it's not too big like Public House or other bars in the area. The staff is always nice. They do a good happy hour and have a good beer selection. The owners are cool and often are working behind the bar or on the floor and make a point to say hi and make sure everything is ok. That goes a long way for me. 



But most of all, my family does a HUGE pub crawl every year and we always end up at Con Murphy's. Liam is always super accommodating and gives us flexible and reasonably drink/food packages for our party. We've never had a problem and always have a good time.  I have a big, crazy family and they make us feel at home and don't judge us....well, not too harshly. I've also set up brunch reservations for a group here, and they didn't mind that we brought our own Irish soda bread. 

Slainte!
Good chicken fingers here and fun to spend St.Patty's day here!  Good neighborhood bar feel and the staff is friendly enough.  Small downstairs so remember there is a bar upstairs! Cheers
I really enjoyed this place, and even though I've only been to Ireland once, it reminded me of being over there.

My date and I came here on a Friday around 7 PM and did not have to wait that long for a table, maybe 15 minutes. Be forewarned that it is a very small place, so call ahead if you definitely want a seat on a Friday night. We didn't see the upstairs, but the downstairs is really intimate and inviting. It has to be, with the way floor space is so limited.

The tap selection was pretty decent, with everything you'd expect from an Irish pub like Guinness and Smithwick's to a selection of about 4 craft beers. I ordered the fish and chips, my date got the shepard's pie. The two words that best describe our food would be generous and authentic. The portions are on the larger side of the scale, which again makes this place feel like an authentic public house. Our food was really delicious; it wasn't pretentious or overly complicated. It was filling, comforting, and has like that nice "meat and potatoes" quality of old-school Irish cooking.

The wait staff was constantly busting their butts trying to keep everyone served, but they didn't communicate that to the guests. Our Irish waitress was incredibly charming and our other server was quick and polite. For the amount of people in the place, I definitely felt welcomed. 

Con Murphy's was a really great place for a cheap, warm, good Irish meal. I can't say I'd take a party of 8 here, but I'd definitely recommend it to a couple or a small family looking for a pint and a little warmth on a winter night.
Average Irish pub with good beers and a solid cheesesteak. I am not sure if its because I went there on a Sunday night (albeit it was St. Patty's weekend), but it seemed pretty dead.  Nothing screams Irish pub more than corporate strip mall. The few people that were there did seem to be having a pretty swell time, although they were probably seeing triple by that point. Cmon Eileen!!!
Great brunch and great service! With as crazy as it was this weekend, we had prompt service, that was courteous and friendly! The food was delicious with many great options to choose from! We highly recommend Con Murphy's!!
My husband and I had lunch here on Halloween. The food and service were both amazing! We split buffalo chicken wings and the fries with cheese fondue. The fries were AMAZING. Easily large enough for two people to share as a good sized snack. The wings were very meaty and had a great flavor. 

Secondly, I left my phone on the table by accident and management continuously worked with me to make sure I got it back -- a real class act. I would highly recommend this place if you are visiting Philadelphia!
This place was decent, but not great.  We sat on the second level, and even though it didn't seem like the place was too busy, it was very loud.  I had spinach and artichoke soup, which was fine but very rich and tasted a bit like canned soup; and crab meatballs, which were very good.  My brother had a philly cheese steak, which he wasn't impressed with, but I don't really put a lot of stock in what he has to say about food because he really only eats five thing (really, it's weird).  
I don't know if I'd ever go out of my way to go here, but since we were staying in the attached hotel, it was handy to have.
2.5 stars would be better but since I can't do that, I'm going with 2. For having so much space, Con Murphy's actually somehow feels pretty cramped. I'm not sure how that's possible, but I feel like no matter where you are, you're struggling to get out of a table or straining to see a tv or something like that.

While the food was pretty good actually, the service was really slow, which seems to be a pretty common theme in these reviews. Our waitress also got our order wrong so someone else from the kitchen came out and confirmed our order (it was totally wrong). There was confusion over where we would be seated, whether there was a discount because someone lived in the building, etc. Just a lot of confusion. 

Also, as we were leaving at 10pm on a Saturday night, the faces of every single person in the half-empty bar were just looked depressed and empty. Could have been the godawful football game that we had all come there to watch though.
Con Murphy's was a short walk from our hotel. The service was excellent. The food was delicious and the servings were generous. My husband always orders fish and chips whenever we go to Irish restaurants. Con Murphy's fish and chips is one of the best we've had.
I want to say something nice about Con Murphy's, I really do.  Its not that I had a bad experience, its just that it was the epitome of "Meh". There was a private party upstairs which may have caused downstairs to be a bit more crowd than typical (or it should have been).  Of course, the crowd then made it that much more difficult to get a drink.  They did have a decent band playing... Maybe I'll give them another shot later.
So I fell down the elevator shaft from my hotel room next door and rolled through the doors of Con Murphy's.  After 3 quick Smithwick's that restored my soul, I bellied up to the Shepherds Pie. I was having so much fun eating it, a young woman sitting next to me asked me to go bar hopping with her and her man. The food was that good. 

Tonight I came back and had the Dry rubbed wings with both their ranch and homemade honey mustard and a Firestone Walker Session IPA. Just as good as the Pie! So now I'm waiting for some other folks to walk up and take me around Philly...
Con Murphy's accomodated our fairly large (maybe 50 people??) private event with a semi-open bar (soft drinks and selected beers and wines) and butlered hors d'ouvres.  The ladies were really young and cute and friendly as they offered platters of "goat cheese & Truffles flatbread" and sliders and mini crab cakes.  The (obviously frozen) veggie potstickers were the best of the lot IMHO.

It was a convivial setting with MANY big-screen TVs broadcasting the Phils game. 

It's a bar.  It's conveniently located.  It had 2 clean unisex restrooms.

Will I rush right back here?  Nah.  But it's a great option for the nabe.
It was ok  nothing extra spectacular.  The live music was loud. Food was fine and service was good.
Great place for a quick bite and a beer. Friendly service. The burger was perfectly cooked and the soup hit the spot on this cold day.
Staying at a nearby Sheraton, we asked for a local late-night place to grab a bite to eat after a long drive. We were directed to walk a block or two to Con Murphy's and I admit it wasn't what I expected; Not what lay beyond the doors or the crowd on what I assumed would be a busy Thursday night in downtown Philadelphia. Place was nearly empty, at I believe 10:30-11pm. The bar was much smaller than I anticipated and strangely designed with a pillar in the center. Bartender was nice enough but we were simply amazed at the lack of "action" in the place. Beers were fine, burger was good--not great--but didn't expect great so no disappointment there as it did its job of filling me up. I'm going with a 3-star here as I think it probably is for the most part on normal nights, but deserves a 2-star for the strange, smell that suddenly filled the place the night we were there. It burned our nostrils and after forcing ourselves to endure it for longer than we should have, we finally asked for the check and left. The strange part, to me, was the fact no one seemed surprised by this acidic stench that made it almost impossible to breath which makes me wonder if its a normal thing for that place and perhaps a big reason why people avoid it either at night or that particular night altogether. I simply suggest obtaining and bringing a gas mask of some sort if you're going to risk a visit.
We've been to this place twice and both times were excellent! The service is good and the food is great. We split the caprese grilled cheese with fries, and potato pierogies. The grilled cheese had pesto and tomatoes along with the cheese, on multi-grain bread! And the pierogies were covered in bacon pieces and cooked onions!
Update: the Irish breakfast is a pretty good choice. All the standards (including beans, and black, and white pudding). Definitely worth a try if you're looking for a hearty start for your day. 
-----------
Crowded and extremely noisy (on a Friday night). Only a few Irish selections on the menu (seems to be a common issue with so-called "Irish" pubs). Apparently everyone else is here for the company and the beer. And live music. I suppose that's what pubs are for, after all. Maybe I need to get out more. 

There are some good Irish beers on tap (Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's), so that's good. The fish and chips are okay, but not the best. Served hot from the fryer, but the fries are thin cut (American style?) and a bit limp (not at all crispy). Gotta ask for malt vinegar, but the server might disappear for a while. Fish is piping hot and crispy on the outside, flaky inside. Tartar sauce is unusual, with a tangy, almost sour note. But it's pretty good. 

Three stars - not a cozy pub to enjoy with a pal, and the "chips" need to be de-Americanized. But it's not bad.
food tonight was mediocre at best.. waitress was nice, but did not have a clue. Have eaten here before and food was pretty good then.. not so sure I will be running back anytime soon...
The service was lovely. From the hostess to the waiter to the runner. Lovely.

The food...
Meh - at best. I had the veggie burger with fries. The burger is deep fried. NO BODY wants that. Beef/turkey burgers aren't deep friend so why does anyone think vegetarians want one that is (booooooo). The fries appeared to be have been waiting for a long time before they made it to our plates - my friend had fries too.

I think it's one and done for me.
Good breakfast and ok service. A bit grubby and prices a bit high. Location was handy for the sites.
This was a fun location and pretty good food. The Philly Cheesesteak was ok but they had tons of other really delicious looking food. Eating outside was awesome!
This places deserves a 1.5, but I rounded up...

Thankfully our group of 10 checked in on Facebook so we got a buy-two, get-one-free deal on our drinks. But that was about it...

We definitely gave this place business, as I was here with my family vacationing. So, you figure, two or three nights of 10-15 people drinking for 2 or 3 hours straight- that really rings up the bill! But, unfortunately, the bartender (or manager perhaps?) does not know how to keep the alcohol flowing...correctly. 

Shots were absolutely watered down; the waitress even brought them back to show the bartender after she smelled them herself. Also, they charged us for two drinks that were incorrectly made.

I'd rather get my drank on at a place where I know the alcohol is actually alcohol, and when they card consistently, not just "when my manager is looking." Oops.
I have never felt so at home so far away! The service from the bartenders to the managers was top notch and I will make sure to come back when I visit philly again!
Con Murphy's:
I ordered a burger with the works, which was perfectly cooked and flavorful. A+ for that. My partner ordered the chicken burger, which also looked delicious. The rotating tap selection includes interesting beer choices which I do not see featured in many other bars. 
 Overall, I was pleased with my meal, until it was time to order dessert, which is why you are receiving only 3 stars. 
I adore Key Lime pie, so ordered it to take home.  At $7per slice, I was expecting a nice sized portion, and taste to be on par with the rest of my meal. I was thoroughly disappointed to receive a tiny sliver of pie, the size you might serve to a young child. It was garnished with a raspberry sauce (very odd!)  and the taste was too tart. 
I normally love the slightly tart taste balanced with sweet, but there was no real sweetness to speak of here in the pie itself. 
Please improve on your pie portions and taste, and you will earn more stars.
Attended a small even here in the upstairs bar area. 
The wait staff were all very nice and helpful. 
I will have to keep this one the radar to come back and sample for more their menu than just the small snacks we had for the event but everything was good.
Nice spot.  The restaurant at our hotel was a nightmare so we asked the front desk person at the Embassy Suites where we should go for family friendly fare.  He recommended Con Murphy's which was a very short walk from the front desk.

When we arrived the al fresco dining was fairly packed and we wanted to sit inside anyways, so no problem.  We were seated immediately by the bar at a high top.  The server came over quickly and was extremely pleasant.  She brought all of our drinks over promptly and the beer tasted fantastic.

Neither my wife nor I were super hungry as we had feasted on Jim's Cheesesteak just a few hours earlier.  We were both happy with our meals and the kids enjoyed their food too.

If you're in the area I would definitely stop in.
I went there on Saturday night for dinner. We were initially seated inside, but due to the live music we asked to be seated outside and we were seated immediately which was great! The staff was friendly with quick service. The food was good! I got the chicken sandwich and fries sans the bun. The chicken was really tasty and the fries were good too. It was a good dining experience!
We booked an event with Con Murphy's for 30 people as a kick off dinner to what was going to be a very stressful and long weekend ahead..  I selected items from their Catering menu which was $22 per person (not so bad).  The Mediterranean Pasta was supposed to have a light white wine sauce but it didn't.  The Chicken Milanese was also supposed to have a Light Lemon White Wine sauce but didn't.  The chicken was breaded and way too salty to eat.  Some of the pieces were not cooked through.  The Guiness Beef Stew was not so good either.  I can't quite put my finger on it but it almost tasted like store bought with Guiness thrown in it.  The flavors did not blend at all.  The best part (lots of sarcasm here) was the dessert which was supposed to be the Chef's selection of mini pastries, tarts, cookies and seasonal fruit.  They put stale store bought cookies on a platter; chocolate chip, chocolate covered something and wafers.  It was actually pretty funny that a restaurant thought that was an acceptable dessert for 30 people.  Needless to say it was a VERY disappointing way to kick off a long, hard weekend.

They made it right by taking some of the items off the overall bill but then I heard that the manager didn't understand what the issue was (I didnt' talk to him; a co-worker did).  I'm not sure how he could not understand.

The food was HORRIBLE.  The staff were execellent.  They were very diligent about clearing plates and quick refilling drinks.  They were very pleasant.

This might be a good place for a sandwich and a beer (or several) but I would not have a catered event there again.
Been here before for drinks when they had a live band playing.  Always a fun time and the drinks were good.  It's got a good location.  Came here during a work lunch and ordered the shepherd pie.  It didn't disappoint.  A nice blend of flavor, a tad on the bitter side which can be expected for the dish especially when fixed with lamb.  The mashed potatoes on top were nice and creamy.  I would come back to try some of their others dishes sometime.
The Shepherds Pie was awesome.  Some of the best I have eaten.  The bread pudding was good also.
Great place for a philly cheese steak and a beer before taking the train back to Washingtom DC
The food was delicious and the staff was friendly, professional and accommodating. The menus for both breakfast and lunch were great and had choices to satisfy both vegetarians and carnivores.
Stopped by this establishment for breakfast because they were close to my hotel and opened early (6:30)
So I walk in the waitress seats me and asks if I would like something to drink. She returns with a menu and my drink and goes about her business. I look over the menu and decided when the waitress returns she asked if I had any questions I said no and give her my order and she leaves. She returns to my table 20 minutes later and tells me that chef is running late and hadn't yet arrived so for 30 minutes she had me sitting there knowing that there wasn't anyone cooking my breakfast. I was beyond perturbed to say the least. I mean seriously why didn't she just tell me upfront. She acted as if this was a normal occurrence. Didn't even get an apology just hey didn't want you sitting around any longer.
I travel to Philly often, and Con Murphy's is like a second home. The accessible open outdoor seating it a treat, and inside their homey pub atmosphere is great in the winter months. So many of the people who work here have been here a while and clearly like the place. They're friendly and kind, which is uniquely special in the restaurant biz.

The cook in charge here is a wonderful older gentleman who cares and takes pride in his dishes.

The food is great, and it's clear he's put some thought into having his but interesting fare!  I love the fried grouper.  Interesting and delicious
I came here one day to try their iced coffee since it's supposed to be very good and boy is it! It's so easy to completely inhale these with little effort. There are two flavors and since I couldn't decide, I got both! I got the Standard Iced Coffee and bailey's iced coffee. If you like you iced coffee with a touch of sweetness definitely go with the Baileys iced coffee. It's not super sweet. It's just right. The standard iced coffee has no sweetness to it. It's simple, delicious, and to the point. I highly recommend them both.
It was a cold rainy day, and I had a client meeting in the area. We were looking to dry off and have a quick bite to eat before, so we ducked into here. It looked like the best option of the few that were available, and who doesn't like pub food?? 

Yeah... it was just so mediocre I didn't know what to do with myself. There are just a few things they could've done to raise their status up to at least a 3 or even a 4! 

I ordered the ahi tuna sandwich, which was fine, but if only they had toasted the roll... I hate it (HATE IT) when my warm sandwiches are served on cold rolls (whether it be a grilled chicken or a burger). And the fries were cold and had somehow congealed together (they looked and tasted as if they were made about 20 minutes before they were served to me). 

I was just so unimpressed... if only Chinatown had been closer!
Very good. Would recommend. They're open late. I think their kitchen closes at 11:00pm. The food was hot, fresh, and delicious. I did attempt to get the fish and chips but they ran out :(  instead I got the mushroom and spinach flat bread which was really good. My boyfriend got the blue burger and fries. 
They don't have much of a stout selection but everything else was really good and the service was so veery lovely. 
Would definitely go back!
This was a recommendation from the hotel concierge and turned out to be one of the worst advice we got in years. Food was bad, table was dirty and restrooms were worse than a construction site loo.
Traveling to Philadelphia for work and of course I needed to find some good places to eat. My coworker found this place and we decided to walk from our hotel. It's in a great area not too far from historical landmarks and lots of other restaurants as well. But to the food I had a grilled cheese caprese Style. It was absolutely delicious I mean the tomatoes the basil the cheese it was wonderful and I had to go with that Murphy's fries 
basically their french fries with Old Bay seasoning and like a cheese dip. That was okay wasn't the best but that sandwich was absolutely incredible. My other co-worker had the shepherd's pie it was very very good I enjoyed that as well. The service was nice and the restaurant it appears like it's small when you walk in but it really is not we went up a flight of stairs and I thought that was just the it a little space there but the restaurant actually goes further back so there's plenty of room if there are multiple people or you want to have a small group.

They had a few specials on the menu as well including a crab with linguine that I would have liked love to have tried but didn't have the opportunity. But if I'm ever in the area I will definitely come back again.
This has been a standby in the neighborhood for years. They built a nice outdoor structure for covid and we decided to go and check it out. Service was friendly enough. Portions seem to be small in general and I had a cheesesteak that had about half the amount of meat on it I would have liked. It is good enough though for a local bar.
