First of all I can't for the life of me remember the name of this place (Cook and Saddle? Cork and Shaker? Cook and Kitchen?) Unfortunately the food was just as unmemorable.

We were excited to check out this new spot... Which had the potential to be a new awesome gastropub, but the food was just meh.

Here are some things Cook and Whatever needs to change before I'll be back.
- Focus on being a bar first and foremost. Your drinks are good. Fix the seating to be more bar like.
- Fix the weird lighting. Way too bright in there.
- Don't run out of the best looking things on your menu at 7:30.( Buffalo sprouts and nacho tots).
-Don't tell me your fried chicken sandwich is the best thing on your menu if it's not.
-Put something in your chickpea salad that I don't have in my fridge.

The onion rings, veggie sandwich, gnocchi, and sausage were all good but nothing wowed us. The drinks were good and very strong.

The funniest part of the night was ending up at Memphis Taproom and hearing everyone complain about the same things we experienced.

I might be back for drinks sometime if I'm in the area but I wouldn't make food the focus of my trip.
I was lured to Cook and Shaker by photos of their special on Facebook, so imagine my disappointment when I was informed they were out of it :-/ Oh well, no big deal, everything on the menu sounded great so it was no trouble finding something else. 
Boyfriend and I started with wings, which gave me some mixed feelings. They are crispy and delicious and cooked absolutely perfectly. However the dry rub is a little boring. The seasoning they currently have on the wings is doing a disservice to these delicious little morsels. Put some sauce or something good on them immediately please. 
In the absence of the lobster special I ordered the filet tip sandwich. I did quite enjoy it, and also enjoyed the tots that came with the sandwich. Boyfriend's burger was enjoyable as well. 
With so many cute bars with good food around I'm not sure I'll make a point to come back here but it was good and I certainly wouldn't be opposed to it.
I would have given more stars had it not been for the owner or whoever that middle aged lady who hangs at the end of the bar is (and oftentimes a bartender or server too). I would have given less stars if it wasn't for a certain bartender (all I can remember was that he was Hispanic- something we have in common and super friendly/ willing to answer any questions). He no longer works there so after my boyfriend moved to the area and started going there on the weekends, we were used to him (our Hispanic bartender).  We would go there and try to ignore the rude sideways glances of the owner despite my boyfriends frivolous attempts at cheering her up and trying to make her friendly (which in turn just showed her even bitchier nature). Once we realized our bartender wasn't returning, we realized his replacement was just as bad as the owner. If they don't want our business or the business of our friends and family and social media network, that's fine with us. We'll go somewhere else. They are rude and look down upon customers- trust me woman (owner whoever you are) you are no better than the rest of us.
Wow! I drove by this place a few weeks ago and I'm so glad we made it a point to stop tonight. Let me just say we live no where near this place. I'm so glad we stopped! The food and service were excellent. I would sacrifice my driveway and space to have a place like this locally. Love the tin ceiling, it's a little bright for a bar but hey, it's also a restaurant.

We arrived early on Tuesday night around 530. We ordered the spring rolls, you can tell they were house made, very good! My wife ordered the meatloaf and said it was excellent. She was happy they made special accommodations for her. She wanted mixed veggies on the side, no problem. They even made a special meal for the little one as they don't have a kids menu. I had the kielbasa and perogies. Wow were they good. I'm not sure if they are house made but they sure seem like it. The kielbasa was grilled to perfection with a slight char. I know it's not the fanciest meal but it sure was good. Our server Ashley was great! Very attentive, even as it started to get busy. She even gave us coins to stop back in for 2 free drinks. 

In all we will return to cook and shaker. We were pleasantly surprised. We may try this weekend for brunch.
Stumbled upon Cook & Shaker while my friends and i were looking for some brews and a quick snack near our AirBNB. WE WERE NOT LET DOWN.

it's small, a handfull of tables at most, but a nice bar area. For a small, corner bar---this is a true hidden gem. $6 for a vodka cranny on a saturday (for someone from jersey/nyc this is damn cheap ) and about $11 for a grilled cheese + tots, i was in heaven. Big, fluffy grainy bread with some perfectly melted grilled cheese. It came with meat, but hey i took it off. they do a daily grilled cheese, so make sure to ask what the special is. the tots were deep fried perfectly. something so simple, but hit the spot. lets talk sauce. the garlic aioli it came with was a toss between pesto and a garlic dip, either way..i was drowning my tots in this shit. lastly, fried pickles. im used to the fried pickle chips, but not here. they give you a fill slice of pickle battered and fried. perfectly fried, light, and juicy. dip was on point too. overall, i was just pleased with this place, the menu is small but to the point and seems to change often.
Tots.

Tots, tots tots. Tots tots tots Tots tots-tots. Tots!!

Oh, and the cocktails and barstaff are equally brilliant. Come here for Sunday brunch! (Currently not available on Saturdays)
I really love this place.  Its the perfect mix of everything I want in a neighborhood bar.  The food is really good and while some items are standard, some aren't, and let's be real.. any place that has TATER TOTS gets a high five!  Menu favorites thus far:  Tots (duh) Roast pork sandwich, vegetable spring rolls, oven roasted wings, and not sure if this will be an addition to the menu or if it was a special but the bbq pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw was a homerun.  

Service has always been quality and the bartenders and service take a moment to introduce themselves.  Sarah even greeted my brother and I when we came back a week later and remembered our names and what we like to drink.  It's little things like that that have become a disconnect at a lot of places and I really enjoy when I walk in to this place.  

It's got two large tv screens and is very clean.  Bathroom A+.  Nice bottle and draft selection.  Their happy hour special rules with 1/2 priced apps and on Sundays after 5pm you can get any sandwich and a pint for $12.  I'm convinced I need to go every Sunday and try a different sandwich.

Well... I'm a huge fan.  Go check this place out.
First, and most importantly... HOLY TOTS! Great service, wonderful food and a chill ambiance. We had great drinks and loved the vibe entirely. 

Suggestions:

The fried chicken sandwich was outstanding! I switched the blue cheese with ranch and added cheddar and whoahhhh! Super good! 

DEFINITELY get the tots! Perfectly crisp and delicious pre or post dipping! Seriously, I think I could've eaten an entire troth-full of these! 

The grilled cheese special was also super good!! Pepperoni and provolone on sourdough. Yum! 

The zeppole's were also really good. They came right out hot, in a paper bag and filled with powdered sugar. Perfect treat and I love that it could've been easily taken to go, though it for devoured so there were no leftovers :(

The chickpea salad and broccoli rabe were also quite good.
Gotta say, Cook and Shaker has gotten so much better since opening. They've weeded out the weird staff. Everyone who works there now is very friendly. The food is really good, almost surprisingly good - especially for the price. Highly recommended for a casual dinner and beer.
I've had this place bookmarked for a year or so and I finally made it.... really glad that I did. 

Upon first appearance this looks like any other neighborhood bar, but once you enter you'll notice it's a little better than that. The xx and Washed Out on the jukebox, a few hipsters drinking tall boys, and bizarre Nicolas Cage movies on mute... this place has an edge. 

As for the food, it's certainly bar food with a few non traditional polish items and a pasta dish or two. I went with the burger which was cooked perfectly and came with excellent crispy tater tots. We also split the fried pickles which were even better than the closest competitor restaurant down the street.  Fantastic bottle and draft list too. 

As for the service, the bartender waited on us and she was very friendly. 

While it's located a little off the beaten path, I wouldn't say that the neighborhood was too sketchy and there was plenty of street parking.
This place is awesome. We had the spring roll (which had real veggie in them), chickpeas salad (dressing was delicious), and veggie Italian (close to eggplant parm).

Beers & drinks = awesome too!

Absolutely coming here again!
What a cosy, cool, delicious place! Really laid-back atmosphere, with good service and amazing Brussels Sprouts!!! Specials on drinks! Huge portions! Even the music was great!
I wanted this place to kill it. Living and working in the neighborhood you always dream that a new restaurant will kill it. Not only did I call during their soft opening for hours and come in but I heavily versed myself on the menu. I mean buffalo Brussels sprouts, CMON!!! But I was dissatisfied. The food was meh and the drinks okay. I got the potato gnocchi and ended up giving my leftovers to a bum. It's sucks, I really wanted to this place to rock but everyone I know agrees. It's meh.
I have been here several times for different occasions from happy hour to brunch to watching an eagles game and every time the experience is the same.
My personal favorite: Sunday night sandwich and a pint special is amazing!
The rotating food/drink specials are usually pretty solid. Last sandwich I had was the filet tips and it filled the void I was missing in my life at that time. Aka my growing stomach. Delicious. And the fries come out very thin cut, allowing you to squeeze as many as possible at once into your mouth.
I'm really glad I had heard about this gastropub. The corner street it is located on isn't the most noticeable area so who knows if I would have stopped otherwise. With fast service, great staff, and awesome Happy Hour specials, this place did not disappoint!

We made it there just in time for Happy Hour (5 - 7 pm, Monday through Friday) so we got half price appetizers. We got the Cook and Shaker Tots that came with a cheese sauce, black beans, and a few dipping sauces (including pico de Gallo and sour cream). We also got the Buffalo Fried Brussel Sprouts that come with bleu cheese. Both were delicious and I was so happy with our choices! Also $5 for each? Talk about a steal. 

Happy Hour drink specials are half off select draft beers and $5 for the Old Richmond Punch. I chose the punch and it was hands down one of the best cocktails I've ever had.

For our entree we got the Grilled Chicken with Pasta. It was good, but not great. When it comes down to it, I think it was just the wrong choice to make at a bar. It didn't satisfy my taste buds after those appetizers. 

I will definitely be going back to this place, most likely for Happy Hour. What a good deal for some awesome bar food!
I recently went to Cook and Shaker for the first time.

It was the day after Thanksgiving so it was a little slow, but there were several tables just drinking.

My friend and I ordered the Buffalo fried brussel sprouts as an appetizer and it was great. It was more than enough for my friend and I and we could have shared it if we had a larger party.

The owner suggested the meatloaf and while I probably never would have ordered it without her suggestion, the sandwich was amazing! It came as a sandwich which threw me off for a second, but it was delicious! The serving size was huge and came with my choice of side (I picked tater tots of course). 

I asked our server (who was super friendly) if they had an sour beers on tap (my favorite) and she quickly pointed out the best option. The beer was exactly what I wanted.

The atmosphere is comfortable, with a tv above the bar and an electronic jukebox. We were told they have a spelling night which sounds really fun.

I'll definitely be back to try other things on the menu and more beer, of course.
This place is a super cozy little bar-restaurant with a fun atmosphere. We came for dinner on a Friday night and it wasn't too busy. Our server was really fast and friendly. 

For appetizers we got the tater tots which were pretty good. We were sad that it barely came with any guacamole... like a small little spoonful of it. It could have had more toppings too but other than that it was good. We also got the spinach ravioli w/ chicken, fish & chips, and kielbasa & pirogies. All 3 were delicious! 

The menu itself was pretty small, but it still had so much variety. We had American, Polish, and Italian food all at one table. Overall I'm definitely a fan of this place and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good lunch/dinner :)
I've visited the cook and shaker several times, and one theme keeps coming to my attention: Cook and Shaker does a very good job with minimum.  That's not a critism.  The beer list is small but I've always found something I like ($5 Bell's Two Hearted is a sure crowd pleaser).  The menu is small, but intentional.  I ordered the flat iron steak, and it came out perfectly cooked.  For $15, it was truly an excellent dinner. The cocktail menu is good, and most drinks clock in at $8.

Bar staff is a little slow, especially with the cocktail drinks.  There was almost no multitasking going on with the service, but I expect that to get better with time.  The bar is small, but the space feels fine unless the place is really packed.  And there are 2 TVs, so this could be a viable spot to catch some Flyers or Phillies.

Overall, Cook and Shaker is not offering much new, but I like the effort and thought put into the little things.
The food is DELICIOUS!! I've been looking for a great local spot for a while now, and I've found it. The Gnocchi is soo good, highly recommended. We also got the Buffalo Brussel Sprouts for an appetizer and we practically licked the plate clean. The chili is great as well. I'm looking forward to going back and trying other things that have been reviewed on here. 

Also, the waitress was really sweet and helpful. Since I live a little deeper into Fishtown, its hard to find a great spot that is walkable. This is my new to-go!!
This place is down the block from my house. The food is always amazing, and they have a grilled cheese special everyday. All of the servers are sweet as pie and the atmosphere is cozy and laid back. We recently had a baby and bring him here with us with no issue. Can't say enough good things. I prefer over the other local gastropubs

ESP love servers Val and Ashley
I got the gluten free gnocchi and it was spectacular. Couldn't stop eating it. As I am writing this I'm thinking of taking another bite. Yep. Just did it. Yummmmm

The tater tots are good too!
Always great service.  Ian and Sarah are awesome.  Actually, all the bartenders are great but those two are usually there when I am.  Food is always outstanding.  Brunch is great.  Awesome value and outstanding Bloody Marys.  Great beer selection.  The First Firkin Friday events are a lot of fun.  I still have to check out the spelling bee.  I'll lose but oh well.
Best damn toast I have ever had, the brunch was good but I would go back just to eat the delicious God damned toast. Oh and the croutons, don't get me started on the croutons just go try them yourselves.
This place is amazing! 

Cook and Shaker is located in a residential type neighborhood on an unsuspecting corner and all you really see is a small local bar when you walk in. When you get to the food, it's like BAM!

What a surprise! They have all types of different specials on the menu each night and use locally sourced ingredients and they create such delicious specials! We also LOVE tater tots and this place does them right! If you come during happy hour - they're half off (along withe the other appetizers)! They also do drink specials.

My husband actually got the ravioli with chicken, which is on their regular menu and really enjoyed it! I was lucky enough to snag the ravioli on special with shrimp and cherry tomatoes! It was so good and the raviolis in both were so filling! The homemade aioli with the tater tots are equally delicious!

It was so good that we can back the next day for lunch and so happened to catch the happy hour on Saturday.  I got their loaded tots, which was like a nachos situation, but had everything on the side so my husband's picky palate could also enjoy - i liked the plain ones better, but for half off, they were worth a try! I also got the special for that day - a Kobe beef burger with mushrooms and gravy with curly fries. So yum! The first one I got actually was a bit too burnt on the outside and undercooked on the inside so I felt terrible to ask, but they made me a whole new order. It was so nice and completely unnecessary. My husband went with his ravioli again and thoroughly enjoyed it the second time around too.

We would come back here in a heartbeat the next time we are in the neighborhood!
Food 4+, ambiance 3- .. I want to really like this place, I know that it means well, they have good intentions.  The food is good, but they lose some points for the confused interior.    

We split a spring roll app, and each had the gnocchi and the eggplant-ball sandwich.  Everything was tasty.  We were satisfied, not blown away, but not disappointed.  Not over frilled and thrilled; basic "comfort" food, but nothing like mom's kitchen.  I would like to come back at some point and try some of the other items on the menu, everything looked pretty tasty.  I only tried one mixed drink, and I wasn't particularly impressed - not here nor there.  The beer selection is okay.

The interior is nice, except for the radioactive glowing jukebox that casts a horrible neon blue light everywhere.  And the TV screens.. sorry fellas just get rid of them!  It just sends a confusing message as to what type of place you are.  You're definitely not a sports bar, so you shouldn't have two screens with different games on.  If the TVs were done away with and the neon lights were turned off, I think this place would be a fantastic place to come and eat or drink.
This is a cute little gem in what seems like a residential neighborhood. Drinks are good and reasonably priced. Wait staff was friendly but when it came to leaving everyone left and I actually had to find someone to cash us out. We had the pita dip and it was perfect to hold us over from dinner.
I am so happy I came across this establishment! 
I am not sure if they have specials every day, but I've noticed that Sunday's they have an amazing special ( $13 for special sandwich of the day + draft beer).

The staff is amazing - social, honest, attentive.

This is going to be a go-to place!
Different cheesesteak #984 in the last four years.  This was a great day for the cheesesteak guy.  Special guest eater Tayler B and her Justin.  Cook & shaker; spoiler alert, I liked it alot.  The food in their posts tastes just as good, if not better than it looks.  Sliced Ribeye Cheesesteak, Caramelized Onions, Banana Peppers, Garlic Buttered roll.  On the google maps menu the Cook and Shaker tots come with a 'house made' cheese sauce.  I'm guessing they use the house made cheese sauce on the cheesesteak.  The cheesesteak comes with tots.  They were tasty.  The cheesesteak is awesome from the first bite all the way until the end.  Balance and flavor in every bite.  Cook and Shaker is a cool little corner bar.  I found a fruity sour draft I liked.  The cheesesteak is $14.  It does come with tots.  It is a very good bar/restaurant cheesesteak.  I wish it was bigger.  Mostly because it was very good and I wanted more.  Cook and Shaker is one of the few places I will go back to for their other food.
Came here for Sunday brunch and was not at all disappointed!! 

I called ahead to see if there was a wait for three people thinking that there would be because of all the rave reviews but nope. No wait and we parked right outside. Easy as hell. 

We walked in and sat ourselves, was given menus, specials and water. My mom asked for coffee with milk but at first they didn't know if there was any milk but he eventually found some so that was great  made my mom happy! 

So we ordered the blueberry pancakes, biscuits n gravy, and the omelet of the day. Was all great. Portion sizes were large so we could even take some to go which is nice. 

The decor is like a cute little rustic dive bar. They sell local artists work around the place for people to buy. 

Definitely would go back in a heartbeat.
Amazing. What great food and atmosphere. 10/10!! Plus the bartenders are awesome and makes the most delicious drinks. If you're looking for a good time and good food, come here NOW!
I had a great brunch here with friends on Easter Sunday.  This place had no wait, plenty of street parking, delicious food, and a good draft and bottle/can beer selection.  The hours on most web sites you find for this spot are wrong.  On Sundays only, it opens for brunch at 11 am.  

Upon arrival, I thought the menu was a bit pricey, but the portion sizes are huge and make it well worth it.  I would have gone with the chicken and waffles, but I refuse to pay $1 for my chicken to be doused in buffalo sauce (truly highway robbery).  Instead I went with the Big Biscuit with no pork roll.  It was quite good.  The biscuit was especially delicious.  I thought the chicken was a little chewy, but it was quite tasty, had a perfect amount of batter, and the cheese sauce was to die for.  I'd definitely make the trip here from South Philly again.
I follow Cook and Shaker on Instagram. I enjoy the amazing and tempting food they post.  I decided to pop in and give it a try. 
Located on the corner of a residential street.  Very simple menu. Not too much, but just enough items and varieties of dishes. There's always a daily special (you may have to ask). 
Food: I ordered the  Cook and Shaker Tots. Comes with home made cheese sauce, black beans, pico de gallo, sour cream, and tomatillo salsa. Very tasty and sinful! I also ordered the Blackened Tuna sandwich which comes with cucumber ranch slaw (served medium rare). Very yummy and cooked to perfection. 
Cook and Shaker also has a great selection of cocktails, drafts, bottled and can beers. I ordered the Olde Richmond Punch:
Old overholt rye, lemon, honey syrup, rosemary. 

To summarize, I had an enjoyable experience.  The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is very comfortable and inviting.  I am looking forward to my next visit. 

Check this place out, and also follow them on Instagram.
This small local bar is a pretty good place to stop for a drink or some food.  It doesn't fit a whole lot of people, but I haven't seen it super crowded before.  The drinks are pretty standard, they have had some interesting things on tap before.

As far as food goes, the loaded tots were good, better than what you would normally get for tots.  There weren't any soggy parts, a crispy flavorful exterior and soft interior.  I'm always going to get excited about tots, unless you are making a really good fry, tots tend to be better.   These were better than most.  

The chickpea salad was where I was most surprised.  Lot's of stuff and fixins in the salad, tasty dressing.  Too often salads are an afterthought, this one was not.

However, the fish and chips weren't great.  The breading separated from the fish, the fish was sort of gelatinous.  I'd stay away from that, but otherwise the food we had was pretty good.
The food is incredible!  The tots amazing.  Biscuits with chorizo gravy and chicken was crunchy, soft & delicious!  Unique drinks.  A must stop if you are in the area.  Quaint atmosphere, good music, local food!
I've been dying to try this place since seeing them on Instagram and was finally in the neighborhood. It's a cool spot if you live around there. 

The food and service were all good, nothing over the top. I was expecting a little more from the food but it was by no means bad! Maybe I got the wrong things or had too high of expectations. I'd give it another shot probably if I'm ever in the area but I wouldn't go completely out of my way to try it again.
Best wings in the city! Easily! I had such a good time during Cook and Shaker's happy hour. Not only was the menu top notch in terms of selection but the delivery was even better. I got the buffalo Brussel sprouts and dry rubbed wings. Each were just incredible! The best beers were well priced and the service was excellent! Since this place is so tightly tucked in the corner of Fishtown/Port Richmond, it's rarely busy! This is a definite spot for brunch or a beer after work!
Stopped in with the family for a small birthday celebration.  On a Tuesday evening it wasn't crowded & not too noisy, which made it very pleasant.  We all had drinks at the bar which were all good.   One of the cocktails was cheaper as it was happy hour -  a nice surprise.  Dinner was good: we had the Brussel sprouts, pulled pork fries and the deep fried pickles for appetizers.  All were well prepared & tasty.  The entrees included vegetarian eggplant meatball sandwiches and meatloaf sandwiches.  They came with tater tots which were really good.  The food was great & the bill reasonable.  Service was also very good.  Can't wait to go back.
Great local place to grab a drink and a bite to eat. Stoked to have this place close by.
Great neighborhood spot. Their cocktails are amazing and their beer selection never fails. Their menu items are all wonderful and the staff is super friendly.
Guys, they have a SPELLING BEE on Tuesday nights. Finally, a place that rewards my only talent (superb spelling skills) with food (actually, with a chance to spin the prize wheel with such prizes as free pint glass, 20% of your meal, BOGO sandwiches, etc). For a drink, I suggest the Thai Basil-Peach Lemonade cocktail. So yummy. Sarah, the bartender, is awesome and really seems to make an effort to remember her customers. And perhaps the best part for me is that it's walking distance from my house.
My boyfriend and I come here fairly often as it is right up the block. We love it! Everyone who works here is super friendly, the food is amazing, and they have a great beer selection. I much prefer cook and shaker ' s food to other similar places in the area (it blows Memphis taproom out of the water). It is absolutely worth checking out, you won't be disappointed.
So it's Sunday and we head to brunch to a place my wife's been itching to try. 
That itch would be Cook & shaker. As we find the place in a neighborhood we realize its more like a corner bar with some tables. For us that's usually a bad sign.We enter and sat right by the front door since they don't allow a party of two to sit at a regular table?
Plus they were not even busy. I felt out of place, most of the guy customers in here all resembled the Brawny paper towel guy. Beard, check. Winter hat, check. Lumber yard, no where to be seen. Not sure when this became a thing but it's so overdone down here.

The wife wanted the chicken & waffles and I got the breakfast Burger. 
My Burger came out cooked how I ordered it. It had good flavor but the Cheese was not abundant or pronounced. Bacon was crisp and egg over medium perfectly. Bun was soft and the hash brown patty cradled the bottom bun.
The home fries were nothing special and not crisp like I asked. 
The burger seemed like it was flame grilled which gave it a good flavor and smokiness.
I did like it but for the price it was on the small size. 
 
My wife's waffle was not bad but her chicken tenders were overcooked and seemed just like frozen chicken strips, not fresh at all. Actually over done. Best way to describe them
is a cross between school cafeteria and theme park quality. She was saddened.
I tried them both and would concur.  This is a one and done. So done.
So my man toy has been here twice already and raved about it so.. we brought part of the fam and went on Sunday night. They have a sandwich and a pint  for $12 on Sunday. So he got there special sandwich and a bottle of beer because ( and this is all I can say negative) they don't have a big selection on tap. I had the gnocchi and a pint of cider!!! They special made sandwich for my pain on the butt daughter with no problem what so ever. We started with the wings and they melted in my mouth. I'm a believer in blue cheese but it came with a chipotle sauce and I am now a believer in smokey chipotle and wings. The food was pricey but amazing. If your a beer snob, they have fancy new things on tap but small selection. Our server was Kelly who was gracious and attentive and was super smiley without being obnoxious. Can't wait to go back and try a steak tip sandwich!
I think that Steph I. hit the nail on the head with her review. I have known this place existed for a long time, and I really wanted them to kill it. Cook and Shaker could be Kensington's answer to Sardine Bar or Johnny Brenda's, but it's just okay. The place is very small and upon walking in with my party of 4, I flagged down a waitress and asked if there was a list for tables. She said that there wasn't and we should just go stand near a table that's finishing up and swoop in when they leave. It ended up not being too awkward (I hate lingering around tables that are full of people), but after sitting down, our party saw another couple standing at the bar sadly looking in our direction. I am not sure if they were waiting for longer than us or not, but I felt bad and wish that the employees would at least make a mental list so that people get sat in the order in which they arrive. 

Our beers were all fine and well-priced, and we ordered the buffalo Brussels sprouts and the loaded tater tots to start. I was underwhelmed by both. The Brussels were so tiny (maybe they were frozen?) and they were barely breaded or buffalo-ed. For a menu that seriously relies on tater tots as their thing, my friend asked if they make their own, only to be told that they do not. Serious bummer. I split the mushroom gnocchi and the veggie sandwich for dinner. The sandwich was definitely the best dish and the shoestring fries were great. However, the gnocchi was bland and totally meh. Plus, the music was terrible and there was no ambiance at all. I left feeling like I probably won't come back.
Great place. Buffalo Brussel sprouts? Awesome. Meatloaf? Amazing! Pierogies and kielbasa? Yum. Can't go wrong.
Stopped by again last night for an early dinner. We arrived just at opening around 315. The food and service were great! We will be back!
Really great brunch place. They just started doing a few months ago. Who wouldn't want a tater tot egg breakfast. I ordered a biscuit with gravy which included a biscuit with fried chicken and egg with chorizo sauce  with potatoes that was great. My boyfriend ordered a Cuban breakfast sandwich and he really liked it and my friend Kelly ordered the other biscuit breakfast sandwich.  We both ordered a a drink and my sriracha Bloody Mary which was very good. The service was great as well. They have both vegetarian and non vegetarian option as well.
I have been drooling over this places instagram photos!! And finally made it.  

Here's the scoop:

Loved the little space. Laid back and comfy. But it is little, anything over 4 people will be a tight squeeze and I would totally call ahead.  

Everything was very reasonably priced.  

Drinks were tasty and they had a mid sized draft list. 

Appetizers: 
Buffalo Brussel Sprouts.  I am not fond of them unless they are WAY cooked.  So I did not love them.   The sauce was good.

Super Sized Tots filled with Cheese and Chive:
If you love a tot, these were good.  Totally filling.  

Dinner:

Filet tip sandwich was HEAVEN!!!! Can't rave about the size and flavor enough.   


Pirogies and kielbasa was delish.  Plenty of food and plenty to take home.  


Definitely a place you must try at least once!
Very nice and wonderful staff.  The food is awesome...ordered the flank steak medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  The wife ordered the vegetarian gnocchi which were incredible!   This is a welcome addition to Fishtown (ok adjacent).
This is a difficult review.  I LOVE the staff.  they are really friendly and helpful with beer and food.  
But the vegetarian food is, meh.
nothing special.  if they did one veggie dish really well i would be 5 *.  the mushroom sandwich is what i usually get and its fine but nothing i look fwrd to.  the veggie sandwich is weird.  i was excited to try it but too many things going on for it to work.  

I have heard great things about the meat eaters section of the menu.  and again the staff is awesome!
Went here with my wife and two friends from out of town last night. The place was beautiful - they did a great job on the remodel, especially with the gorgeous copper ceiling and bar lights.

Nice craft beer list - my wife asked about mocktails since she's pregnant - she just asked to have the bartender surprise her, and what came back was delicious! 

The buffalo fried Brussels sprouts were absolutely delicious, and the black bean hummus was very tasty. Our friend who had the chili couldn't say enough good things about it. My roast pork sandwich was superb - an my wife's meatloaf sandwich was awesome! The tots were great, and the fries were also superb - hot, crispy, dusted with fresh parsley. Service was awesome, prices were good (comparable to Memphis Taproom) - I look forward to going back at happy hour to try some more of the drinks (I had a beer off of their very nice draft list but the cocktails looked amazing).

Great food, good prices, great addition to our neighborhood. The bright glowing jukebox was a little off-putting, but that was our only complaint all evening. We'll definitely be back soon!
Had dinner here. The gnocchi was quite good. I should have stopped eating about half way through. I did not do that though.
One of my favorite spots in Port Fishington. Try their gnocchi with chicken. Their drinks are really good, not too sweet. What I like the most is that they're not going for that trendy look. It's just a neighborhood bar with great food and drinks.
Really great brunch, and a long list of truly inventive cocktails.  Updated, modern pub grub, this place is a total keeper.  I had the breakfast tots, which came with cheese sauce, eggs, bacon and sides of freshly made salsa and guac. Others at the table had biscuits with chorizo gravy, and the Cubano sandwich, both of which were executed with deftness and aplomb. Can't wait to go back.
Ah, Cook and Shaker...My husband and I were stalking this restaurant for MONTHS on Instagram, drooling over their photos. 

I brought my husband here for his birthday in September and we were SO amped to finally try it! I actually feel guilty leaving three stars, but here's the deal...

Their tater tots alone are 5/5 stars. Simply amazing. Small, light, salty, airy and crispy; they taste like McDonalds breakfast hash browns, but better! I would come here just for those, they are addicting. 

The customer service was great. I wasn't greeted at first (and it wasn't crowded at all for a Tuesday night) but our waitress was extremely nice and food came out quick.

The rest of the food we ordered.. eh.  By the looks of their Instagram photos the food looked as if it would be out of this world, but that wasn't the case. The buffalo brussels sprouts were SOAKED in sauce and not enjoyable. Too soggy and spicy to actually taste the vegetable underneath. Normally we devour any buffalo related dish but we left some on the plate and did not finish. 

My cheeseburger was just OK; cooked a little too well (ordered medium), and it was a bit dry. Nothing special to be honest. 

My husband ordered a fried chicken sandwich, which was also just OK.  It was plain and lacked flavor - you needed a dressing on the side to spice it up. 

I'm skeptical about giving Cook and Shaker a second shot, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't try it! I'm not hating on this restaurant, as they appear to be a staple in the area and they do have good customer service... it just personally wasn't for my husband and I. We had really high hopes.
This restaurant was the perfect bar/ comfort food that I needed while visiting Philadelphia. A lot of the food that I had while in fishtown was very fancy, and I just wanted something covered in cheese that wasn't necessarily healthy. The house tater tots were absolutely delicious. My boyfriend ordered the fish and chips and although he wished you got a little more fish, he thought it was really good. I ordered a fruity drink that was rum based. The bartender warned me that it contained 3 shots, which I was very appreciative of. I can honestly say it was the strongest drink I've ever had in one sitting. It was really good, but strong  so far this is my favorite place that I've been to on my visit. Hoping to return to try the blueberry mojito
People kept telling me to check this place out and I'm glad I did!

Tots are delicious. Cocktails are too. Dug the vibes. All around good place.
This place was great! It's just two blocks from my friend's place and in an up and coming neighborhood. We stopped by to watch the Eagles unfortunately lose, but the drinks were icy and refreshing and the food was delicious. I got the modern royale cocktail, which was a little tart but in a good way. We shared the onion rings with Siracha ketchup and tater tots with garlic aioli. The only complaint about the food was that there was a touch too much garlic in the aioli. As for the atmosphere, it definitely needs to develop a little more character. They made a good start but there isn't really a cohesive theme. They should play up their neighborhood connection. I definitely plan to visit again however.
Hidden gem in Kensington! Great beer selection and great food flavors. The house special tots are awesome and a must have. So far we've gone twice and had the pulled pork cheese fries, the tots, fish and chips, burger, and the pierogies. The fish and chips and pierogies were my favorite, overall highly recommend!
Sick of the options in lower fishtown we ventured above York to find this great spot. The pirogies were as good as I have had in the city. The drinks were flowing and the staff were very present, there to refill your drink and converse with you. Feels like a corner bar with far better than average food
This place is amazing the food is amazing !! The buffalo Brussels sprouts are out of this world! I'm also in love with the meatloaf I get it without the bread and the house salad it's super yummy !! They also have a juke box you can play your own tunes and the drinks are sooooo yummy and have a lot of effort put into them :) definitely a neighborhood Gem! Take an Uber because parking is terrible around here
My girlfriend and I stopped in on a Friday night around 7pm. We grabbed a high top out by the bar, and were greeted promptly by several staff members. Everyone here was super friendly. We ordered some great beers and an appetizer of fried Brussels sprouts tossed in buffalo sauce. Everything was great! Definitely will be stopping by again.
Friendly place. Small but not too small, it consists of a bar and barroom with some two-top tables, then a few larger tables for dinner in the space just beyond the barroom. Friendly service made a recent happy hour visit pleasant. A walk in the neighborhood brought us to the impressive rectory of St. Anne Church, and then the church itself, on Lehigh Avenue. Nice neighborhood; we found parking nearby easily enough. Gnocchi in a spinach-y broth were $12 and a good dish to go with a happy-hour app.
Great corner bar, awesome bartender(he's a good looking guy with a funny personality), tasty food! Will definitely be back!
I've been here a few times. Drinks are decent. Atmosphere is busy. Food is good.
They dont have many veg options. I ordered the veg flatbread and it wasnt great. Other than that, everything is cool.
Was at an art show and decided to yelp for a place to eat and drink. Found this lil gem, menu was original and drinks were delicious! The waitress wass super friendly and helpful. I decided to get the buffalo brussel sprouts.. yum and tequila mockingbird-- drink was super small but strong.. pics of both added to review.
I didn't wanna like this place at first, because I was sad to see the Chug a Mug go.  I had two bad experiences here when it first opened.  Ok, I wouldn't say bad, but just lame, uninspired food.  However, the last two times I've been here. My food and service has been excellent.  One dinner and one brunch visit. I'd take this spot over Memphis Tap any day of the week.  Solid option, give it a shot.
I give them 5 stars in comparison to similar gastro-pub style bars in the area.

The hipster wave hasn't passed Cumberland Street yet (I'm looking at you Memphis Taproom) so this is the last bastion of  a "normal" beer loving, food loving people's bar.

They have excellent cocktail specials for those who are not into beer, and the food is as good as one could ask for from a bar.

The buffalo fried brussel sprouts are spot on, as well as the black bean humus.
Recently went here for brunch with a large group.  (10+).  I hadn't been here before, so I wasn't sure of the size, it is probably your average sized neighborhood bar.  

The staff was very accommodating and pushed together tables for us, which I really appreciated.

Our server was very nice and patient with us.  I got the chicken and biscuits which was realllly good.  The coffee was also a good quality.  My friend got the "breakfast tots" which were amazing.  (However, I would've like an over easy egg on them instead of scrambled- but that's just me)

Definitely a great addition to the neighborhood and I'd definitely go back again.
This was the first spot i went to go eat when I reached Philly. It was walking distance from my Air BnB. Really small neighborhood spot with  such a down to earth staff! I will NEVER forget this place because it was the first time i tried fried pickles. They look like Chinese chicken fingers and taste like heaven! The homemade Chipotle sauce and garlic dip that they serve with it is made from crack because we dipped all our food in it and took some to go! The fried chicken sandwich is made with REAL CHICKEN not the artificial chicken used in fast food restaurants. The fries are perfect and so are the tator tots which must be fried in some type of magical crack oil because they are so addictive and drooliscious. For drinks try the tiki punch! The cups they use are sooo cute (they actually have the tiki faces lol). The drinks are strong and well made! Our server Liz was sooo nice and helpful! She wrote down some spots to visit in Philly during our stay ( which went to all of them and had a GREAT time). We even came back on our last day for brunch the food and drinks were so good! For brunch, try the chicken and waffles....i'm pretty sure everything on their menu is amazing. I don't regret going there twice in one week during my stay.
Great beer, tots, and fires. Overcooked fish n chips. Beef filet with gruyere was good overall but a bit over flavored. Lovely zeppolis. 
BTW: They should consider burning some sage. It might help with the hateful spirits the whole town seems to exude.
My husband and I have eaten here about once a week or so since they opened a few months back.  It started out mediocre but has consistently improved in food presentation, quality, and portions since then.

It has a mixed crowd, which is refreshing in this area.

I love the buffalo sprouts.  The burger and meatloaf sandwich are both decent.  Oh, and they have nacho tots!  They are Fatty approved.
As I made my way through Philly yesterday and saw the sites and enjoyed local fares I decided to make cook and shaker my final stop before heading back to the big apple. An old friend is the mixologist there so since I have seen such amazing cocktails and food pics
posted I knew I had to go there! Their beer selection was amazing I had a DuClaw and the bartender made an amazing cocktail for
my bf being a bourbon fan we gave him full creative control. We ordered the apps: buffalo style brussel sprouts (which I have been dying to try), veggie spring rolls and loaded tots - all amazing and I had a tried and true bacon cheeseburger cooked to perfection and perfect to have with a beer.Ambiance was chill, dimmed lighting enough to see the awesome food and your friends, good music that I haven't heard in a while which is great.Local crowd sat aroundk enjoying their fare. So glad I got to go and every time I am in Philly I will always stop in!
I watched for months as the new owners gutted this place down to the studs. Watched as they transformed the exterior. Remained hopeful as I saw their posts on Facebook.  Well they finally flung open the door to the public. 

I hopped in today to see what they are all about. The interior is Unrecognizable when compared to their former occupants. Subtle colors, exposed brick and soft lighting made for a refreshing change.  There is a bar at the entrance with tall tables that run along the bar and regular tables in the back. 

The menu is short but nice (however I was told they would be slowly expanding the menu). Comfort food with a twist. And they have tots. Yummy yummy tots. 

The beer list was also nice and they have a few locals on tap, which are also on special during happy hour.  They also have craft cocktails but I forgot to look at then on the menu. Woops!  Next time. 

I hope this place does well. Good luck to ya. Hope after a few more visits I can add another star.
So happy this place is around the corner from my house.The food is great, beer selections are varied and offer something for everyone, and the staff is attentive make you fell at home.
I almost don't want to write this review because I love that i can walk in and grab a 4 top on a Friday night. Nice beer selection, happy hour, and ambiance. I grew up hating Brussels sprouts (like most) but this place changed me forever. My new favorite dish; the buffalo Brussel sprouts , just wow. Service always pretty good too
Great neighborhood place with very friendly and attentive staff. The big biscuit is the best chicken biscuit I have had since leaving Georgia. Think Bojangles Spicy Chicken Biscuit but twice as good (For this that have had that you know what I mean!). Great beer list as well. Will be back!
Walked out on my tab inadvertently and they didn't judge me for it. Quizzo and Monday night football coexisted peacefully. Bomb ass food if sometimes overdressed or over salted(fries and salad used a heavy hand, but it's probably proper for the area). Best fish and chips I've had on the east coast. Staff is awesome, clientele is great too. My new favourite bar.
I've driven past this little corner spot a hundred times and I had met one of their bartenders at our place and she highly recommended it, so I made the suggestion to grab a couple drinks to my friend since it's so close to home. I was impressed by how clean and orderly the place is. I immediately felt comfortable with the decor and the dining setup and the bar configuration. For a Monday, it was busy and for good reason, half price apps and $5 punch? We tried the wings and some really large tater tots with a dip, both well made and tasty. The service was excellent in spite of what appeared to me being understaffed, however, very quickly I realized the teamwork among the server (singular), the food runner and the bartender was perfectly in sync. Next time, I'll try one of their dinners (I'm a sucker for meatloaf) and I also spotted Kielbasa and Pierogies on the menu. Parking might be a little tough, so don't be shy and do as we Port Richmonders do and find a good sidewalk in a nearby alley.
My husband I came in for dinner after a very long work week, and we were so so happy with our meal and service. Everything we had was really satisfying and 100% on point. We tried the fried pickle app, the fish and chips and the trip tips sandwich. I got a side salad that was as good as any entree salad you can think of- it was not just an afterthought with lame shredded carrots and greens- it was BALLER.  I have been wanting to return since we left.
This place is so close to where I live and I'm very happy about that. My favorite bar in the area. The bartenders are very nice and are skilled in the art of the mixed drink. Often grab some eats here too and there are many veggie options. The buffalo brusselsprouts made me believe that maybe I do actually like brusselsprouts. Dark lighting and a little more classy than some other bars in the area. I'm a fan. Hopefully it doesn't get too crowded with the area becoming more popular these days.
Grilled chicken & pasta with sundried tomatoes & asparagus & spinach & fairy dust & all kinds of goodness...Also, a Must Follow on IG for their specialty meals. The Cuban sandwich on IG enticed us to come in today (Hubby scarfed it down so didn't get a chance to snap a photo - It's on their IG though). Super laid back place with awesome service staff, kickass chef, and really good food & drinks.
Went here a few weeks back for a firkin friday, got to meet the brewer and got some sweet swag from the brewery. The food was awesome, the mac and cheese deep fried balls with tomato were AMAZING!
Since following them on instagram I've been dying to try!! 
I was first surprised by the size and atmosphere...this is a relatively small bar with a few tables around the perimeter.
I think I was a little too friendly when saying hello to the bartender as she was taken aback by my boisterous "Hi how are you?". She warmed up eventually with a "oh you're friendly!" lol I noticed some of the regulars sitting at the bar like to keep to themselves.
That day the special was buffalo spring rolls, they were good but not what I expected. I also got the shaker salad which was again good but I wish it was chopped up. My date got the brussel sprouts which were OK...I wouldn't order them again but he was on some keto diet so he couldn't eat much of the menu anyway. 
Prices were reasonable..I think we both had a few drinks plus the food totaled out to like $50. I'd go back but it would be on an instagram impulse if the special looked amazing that day.
The vegetable burger is not on the menu, but they were happy to make it for me.  I saw it for a Meatless Monday promotion and I knew I needed to have it. The vegetable burger was amazing and the best part is that it came with a side of their tater tots.  The service was quick and friendly. 

I can't wait to come back and try more of their menu.
Ordered to go- looked like a cool dive bar when we picked up and good amount of people
Ravioli w/ no chicken- really good loved the asparagus and sun dried tomatoes it came with.
Tots were tots
Brussel sprouts not out of this world but would get again.
Will update when I dine in
You really can't go wrong here. Between the competent and friendly staff, the excellent food specials, high value happy hour, and awesome craft beer offerings this is just hands down one of the top places to be in this neighborhood.  Definitely check out the Cook and Shaker Tots appetizer during happy hour. For $5, it's a steal and quite tasty. If you're vegetarian you can't go wrong with the buffalo fried Brussels sprouts. Always ask what the grilled cheese special is and if you can catch one with crispy chicken they're the best. The main menu cycles a bit seasonally but at the moment the Filet Poutine is my favorite in the Big Plates section. They have Meatless Mondays and specials throughout the week that you can check out on their Instagram page. Basically, if you haven't been to Cook and Shaker yet, check it out. My Swarm profile says I've checked in here 73 times but I've probably been here more than that. It's that good.

*update* This place still is and always will be 5 stars in my mind but I wanted to call out a few things you might want to know coming in as a first time visitor. If you like buffalo wings, make sure to ask to have your wings sauced as the default wings are unsauced. Also, many of the sandwich specials will be lacking a sauce. There are a variety of sauces back in the kitchen that you might want to ask for a side of. My favorites include: the chipotle ranch that usually comes with the wings (it's a great dip for tots) and they have a spicy mustard in the kitchen that'll patch up any of the grilled cheese/sandwich specials that don't include a spread.
I could not wait for this place to open...I seriously counted down the days. I went the Wednesday after they opened and though it seemed much more crowded than they had expected for a weekday evening, they totally made it work and no patrons seemed to want for anything.

I had heard great things about the buffalo brussel sprouts, but went with the Cook and Shaker Tots an appetizers--AMAZING. For my entree I had the grilled garlic chicken--AMAZING--and my boyfriend got the spicy Italian sausage--AMAZING. 

All in all, AMAZING.
Well this place was a nice surprise! I was looking for something near yay clay for a post pottery bday dinner for a friend. I searched yelp in the radius and this place intrigued me. Coming up to it you're super confused due to the neighborhood and location but worth the trip!

My friend ordered the pulled pork sandwich and was in love. The birthday girl and I ordered a few different things to share. The peroigies were topped with caramelized onions and were just amazing. The filling was light and well seasoned and the onions were perfectly cooked. We also ordered the poutine and were happy campers with that too.  I highly recommend stopping by for a casual meal you will not be disappointed! I'm looking forward to going back.
