I was so completely underwhelmed that I had to decide whether or not I was even going to bother writing a review about it. But duty calls...so here goes.

I came here with two other people and were seated promptly at a table outside. That was the best part of the experience. Our waiter showed up a while later, took our drink orders and disappeared for a while. Finally he showed back up and we ordered dinner, which was totally meh. (Nachos were smushy and the burger was nothing to write home about). We had to beg for utensils and napkins and waited for a long time, and ordered a second round that took about 2 minutes to arrive. Oh, and the women's room was out of order so I had to climb these scary dark steps to go to a WC upstairs and was walked in on even though the door was locked. Nice!

Whatever - you don't show up at the Copa on a Friday night and expect the meal of your life. Actually, according to these reviews and everyone else I've ever talked to, you don't show up at the Copa and expect the meal of your life ever. Unless you're nutty or something.
If I hadn't gone to Copa last night at 11pm, I never would have met Silk, the man who would later instruct my friend on how to pick up women.

Ferry (my friend), Giles (my dog), and I sat down to enjoy an impromptu margarita and fajita salad. Just as Ferry is talking about how effective Giles is when it comes to picking up women, our cute waitress (Sarah) walks over and starts gushing over his doggish good looks. She scratches his belly, he gives her his paw and kisses, and just when she's already impressing the hell out of us, she asks for his name.

Me: Giles
Sarah: Giles! From Buffy?!

Ferry and I are both visibly giddy. Another Buffy fan lives among us! She leaves our table and I start chatting up the two guys at the table next to ours. 

Me (looking at Giles): Don't mind him, he's really friendly
Guy 1: Oh, no bother. I have an Italian Mastiff. 
Guy 2: Yeah, his dog had me pinned up against a wall. 
Guy 1 (hollering at a group of girls): Hey, how you doin? (One girl turns around) I see you looking, that's alright, you can look.
Me: Do you really think that works? 
Guy 1: You just gotta have confidence, girls love confidence. 
Me: How do you think my friend Ferry can pick up the waitress?
Guy 1: Just say "I like you" 
Ferry furrows his brow in panic. 
Me: I like you? That takes courage...something easier
Guy 1: Just compliment her on something...(Sarah, our waitress, walks back out just as he's talking). 

Sarah: Hey guys can I get you anything else?
Guy 1: Ferry and I were just talking about your hair. He was saying a lot of girls can't pull off that hair style and you work it really well.

Sarah, blushing and clearly excited, moves to our table and makes a b-line for Ferry.

Me to Guy 1: Whoa, that was money!
Guy 2: Yoooo dude! That was smoooooth. I'm gonna call you Silk from now on!

As it turns out Ferry and Sarah end up exchanging geek comic book talk and other nerd code; it's clear they'd have a lot to talk about. Did he get her number? No...but here's why: an epic ending to an already memorable experience...the firefighters crowed the street and blocked  it off due to an electrical fire a few doors down, so we were forced to leave. Nevertheless, we found out she works on Friday nights.

Silk (hollering at another group of ladies): Excuse me, Ms. (one girl turns around). I like you. (She smiles). You have a beautiful smile.

As for Silk, he and I exchanged numbers and promised to reconvene at Copa soon enough. His farewell text? "We'll hang soon. Long live KING FERRY." Turns out he's a minister. Good things happen with the right combination of strangers, margaritas, and a good server. Well done, Copa.
I went here for their $10 open bar on the weekend of my 21st.  
It was way too crowded and no one could get a drink.

I started to pull the "It's my 21st" card to get some drinks and about 20 minutes later I finally got 1 drink.  

Well, that was 1 drink too many because I was ROOFIED.  That's right, someone slipped something in my drink.  I'm not one to exaggerate or claim things for attention.  I thought this kind of thing never happened, but I was so wrong. Anyways, that sums up the crowd that was there that night. 

You can assume I'm never going back.  Even if I weren't drugged that night, my opinion of Copa would be just as low.
Worst experience ever.
My boyfriend and I came to this place because we hadn't seen each other in a while and wanted to share a few drinks.
First of all, the bartender was RUDE!!!! His face scrunched up when my boyfriend was asking questions about the menu, as if my bf did not deserve any of his oh-so precious time.  
To get faster service, I even suggested that I go and order, since he might be more receptive to female customers.
Although I tried to smile and "nice him" the whole time, he seemed extremely unhappy with his job and with me.

With service aside, we ordered two drinks, both of which reaked of cheap alcohol.  They tasted so bad We couldn't even finish the first cup, let alone pour the rest of the cocktail from the shaker!  By the time we finished half our cup, we had really bad headaches from the cheap alcohol and mixer that they used, that we decided to leave.

At the time of leaving, I asked the bartender to close my tab, which was when he told me that my credit card didn't go through the first time.  I thought this was strange because he ran it through and returned the card to me the first time.  I shrugged it off, since he was so curt with me, I didn't want to argue with him any further, so I'm sure he knew what he was doing, and gave him my card.

When I checked my credit card statement a few days later, I found that I got 4 charges, 2 of which went through!! Annoyed,  I called copabanana, spoke with the manager who was pleasant, and assured me that the first charge (pre tip) will get taken off, and that someone will give me a call the next day.

I waited for that phone call, but it never came.  And checked my account a few days later and the charge was still not taken off!  I called copabanana again, and this time, was accused of false claims! He was basically saying that I got charged twice, but since they were not subsequent in time and different in amount, he thinks that i'm lying to him?!? First of all, of course they weren't like a minute apart, since he ran my card through the first time, and ran it again before i left (like an hour later).  Second of all, of course they are differnt amounts, i tipped the very rude  bartender!

I was disgusted.  

In the end, the manager ended up speaking to the bartender about this matter, who explained the situation to him and got the charges taken off.  But i was extremely disappointed with my experience with copabanana-- the bartender, the drinks, the management-- and will DEFINITELY NOT be returning there again.
The Copacabana has been one of my favorite date night/ chill spots as long as I can remember. They serve decent bar food and a hip place to hangout. It's the place you go to and be seen. 
If you can score a window seat on the South St side of the restaurant, you're a A-list VIP for the night. From that vantage point you can see the crowd of hip and cool characters moving up and down the runway like street.
People with stunning mohawks, tattoos, body jewelry and outlandish clothing. Musicians, pimps and especially the posers. I like to sit down after acknowledging a dozen people before you're seated and order a chicken sandwich and Spanish fries along with the star of the show....... a small pitcher of margaritas. 
These aren't ordinary margaritas, they are, depending on the bartender, some knock you on your ass strong drinks! If you have a pretty date, these adult beverages will get you both in the mood. I've seen their margaritas take down many a hard drinker.
Back in the day, I used to fight my way upstairs where there was a more chill environment, order some drinks and have some alone time with my date. I used to bring one of my favorite music CDs and the bartender would gladly play it, and all the other people in the room would look my way and nod or smile at me, approving my music choice.
My friend suggested heading to Copabanana for happy hour before heading over to the TLA for a concert.

I knew they were close to each other but I didn't realize they were on the same block. One star for convenience! 

So I was a little apprehensive about this visit since the other Yelp reviews are less than stellar. Honestly, it wasn't fine dining, but it did the trick for a quick happy hour. Happy hour is available in the bar area only, but we were able to sit at the high-top table by the window. We placed all of our orders at the bar, but the bartender and servers brought our food and drink to us. Another star for the service.

We had several rounds of the happy hour margarita. For $5, you got the full shaker to pour in a martini glass. They were strong and tasty. It was also $5 for all appetizers, including the quesadillas. We got the chips and guac, buffalo shrimp and a Jamaican Jerk chicken quesadilla to split for the table. The hubby went with a burger as well. The food wasn't the best but it wasn't awful. Standard bar food at a great price. Another star for the food and drink. 

All and all, not an awful spot to grab for a concert pre-game.
This can be our secret, but Copa makes my favorite margaritas in town. Fine, you don't go there for the ambiance, but if you're going for margs, this is the spot. Different than Cantina 'ritas in that they're not as sweet and twice as strong. Also, the regular, non-flavored route is the way to go.

I drank a double marg at 3pm and I didn't sober up until 10pm. Yeah, I really like them.
The 4 stars (instead of 5) are for the monstrous hangover I am currently experiencing. That's it for my full disclosure...

The margaritas were fan-fucking-tastic. I recommend the classic margarita, but my girlfriend will probably recommend the rasberry flavored. Either way, a double order will get you a good 4 glasses of the tequila goodness. 

Accompany that with the heart stopping crab cake sandwich and you are all set for the evening. The remoulade they serve with the crab cakes is super tasty. 

This is not fancy eating at all, the decor reminds me of a cheesy Jimmy Buffet song and the food is best for sopping up the excess tequila. But if you get a seat by the window while they are fixing a gas leak in the street outside (or any other Friday night on South Street) you are bound to be greatly entertained by the shenanigans of drunk suburbians.
WoW! A lot of middle ground reviews and utter distaste for this place. And I'm not going to lie - I kind of expected that. I've been walking by Copabanana and seeing how little it changed since I was 17 years of age (another review that's making me feel old!). And even though I've been hearing tempting things about good spicy food and huge 1/2 price Margaritas I've never actually set foot inside of it until tonight.

So why did I finally do it? I guess you could call out my addiction to Yelp and need to review another place on that! But I also bumped into Anthony P. on the way back from The Caffeine-In and felt the need to sample South Street at It's most familiar.

And almost to my surprise Copa went well beyond my expectations. I picked up the best Turkey Burger I ever had. It was loaded with mushrooms, melted cheddar, and jerk spices. Anthony and I also split a good sized basket of Spanish Fries. They reminded me of the spicy fries at Alyan's a store down, which are much better, but that's not a bad thing for a spot like here either. I can't attest to the beer being to expensive here. but that's because I went straight to one of my favorites Victory Golden Monkey. And I paid the price I expected to.

Overall I was impressed to the point that I'll probably come back (or hit up the one in U City when I'm ready for another review). Grant it I might expect it to be crowded (and be somewhat surprised when it isn't like it was tonight) like so many other reviewers have complained about. But considering it's a recognizable spot on South Street that's right next door to a Ticket Master venue it kind of goes with it's routine.
Completely disappointing experience. 
Thought it would be a good idea to go here for a bite and a drink before the Sonic Youth show. It turned out to be a very bad idea.

Our waiter was completely clueless. He disappeared for long periods of time, forgot our utensils, forgot our refills, probably forgot that he was supposed to be working.

The food was pretty bad. The place was completely dirty. The downstairs bathroom was closed. The upstairs bathroom was filthy. I really wonder if there is a manager in charge here, or just a buncha kids that were left to their own devices.
Is zero stars possible? 

This pains me to write.   Despite the questionable cleanliness, I've been a lover of Copas for years.   I had an experience today that will ensure I never go back again.   

The experience started when there was a hair pin in my friend's drink.  We tried to salvage the experience (there for a birthday) and it got considerably worse.  When we tried to share our experience with the "manager", she came in hot.  Before parting her lips to say one word til us, she examined our food.  She didn't greet us, introduce herself or anything.  Instead, she said "what are y'all trying to get for free?"  When we tried to explain that we weren't asking for anything free, instead we were trying to share a questionable experience she responded by saying "you ate it though."   When we told her we don't need anything for free, she left. Shortly thereafter, she stormed back, with the bill in hand and threw it at us DEMANDING we pay it now.  Ha!  After I explained that she failed to demand that anyone else pay their bill,  thus, making herself susceptible to a discrimination in a public accommodation suit, she changed her position.  As I was going to pay the bill, the police walked in.... why? Because she has called them on us.  The whole experience was weird,unnecessary, the epitome of poor customer service and tainted with the manager's clear racial biases.   While I'll hate to say goodbye to an establishment that I've faithfully patronized for years, there's no way I'd continue patronize a place under such poor management. Paying patrons should never be made to feel small, unwelcome or subjected to bias.  Moreover, experiences that call into question the cleanliness of the establishment should be promptly dealt with in a professional manner.  

Btw, I would love to share the manager's name in this post BUT when I asked for her name she lied and told me it was "Felicia, like, Bye, Felicia." .  I guess we'll have to settle for pic #2, instead.

UPDATE:  I spoke with the General Manager.  He was kind, open-mind, apologetic and eager to remedy.   While that does not undo the awful experience I was subjected to, I do appreciate his effort to make things right and repair the damage done.
I felt really grossed out sitting inside on the plush couch. I looked at the carpet--- stains. 
The food was just so-so. They drenched some tiny fried shrimp in hot sauce and that was the buffalo shrimp.  The spanish fries didn't have a balance of flavors, just heat sludged in goopy whiz. My water also had a strange after-taste to it. 

Our server was nice, but I would not go back here. I'd rather go to the Copa in University City a thousand times. For another lively South Street food spot, go to the Tattooed Mom. That place is divey, but the food is good and it's fun. Prices are about the same as here as well.

I searched them via the city's Office of Food Protection public records, and was further disgusted. You can look for yourself to see the kind of shape they're in, in terms of cleanliness. I won't be returning.
I didn't care for the food if your looking for a place to chill and have drinks with loud music this is your place but if your looking for good food your sadly mistaken.
The drinks are strong but thats about it. 

We saw a cockroach while there (thankfully we weren't eating anything during our visit). I would suggest NEVER eating here and probably just avoiding it all together. In the light of day this place is very run down, stains all on the carpets, dirty floorboards, falling apart etc. I guess the roach shouldn't have been surprising but I won't step foot in here again.
My experience at Copa last night was highlighted, not by the fare or the folly of our ditsy server, but by the sheer happenstance of getting front row seats to the 4th-and-South-Show...curtain call at 7PM.  We strolled in as the staff was collecting the outdoor seating arrangements, and closing entrance to the front door.  We sat down wondering, "Gee, what are earth could be happening outside?  Why are there sleeveless shirt cladded men wielding construction equipment working on the street and yellow taping it on a Friday evening?  Why are there 10 bike cops outside pushing back ballsy youngsters on their skateboards/bmx bikes?  Why are the construction workers sticking those Ghostbuster-esque gauges into the open sidewalk holes?"  

Our questions were quickly answered by our otherwise preoccupied server.  "Umm, like, there's like, this gas leak, or something?  They're closing off access to the road.  But at least you guys get, like, a good view being by the window and all."

Nice.  So the fears of an explosion threat subsided in equal proportion to the amount of margarita that we imbibed.  And, a tasty margarita it was. 

The view definitely improved with the witnessing of a reality show camera crew that was taping a meter maid ticket a Ford Explorer that belonged to a man eating at a nearby table.  Yeah, we watched him leave his party and attempt to finagle his way out of the inevitable.  Top that off with watching Brian Adam's tour bus negotiate the most wicked and efficient 3 point turn in the middle of a partially closed intersection on South Street on Friday evening.  I take it he was already backstage at the TLA, or else I would have been out there next to the dude with the jackhammers and the gas gauges singing that Robin Hood song at the top of my lungs.  (I've had 2 double margaritas at this point.)

So, in closing, the drinks are where it's at.  The food is not, but it will do a wonderful job of counteracting the drinks, as long as you don't drink as much as I did.
Check out the pics I added if you want to see the kind of people they keep on staff. I won't spend another cent of my money here.
I am updating my four stars to five because the bathroom got way better. New walls, sink and mirror. Good Job Copa!
I kinda like this spot....it's like a cool hood bar without being in the hood.   


-cool bartenders
-food looks tasty (I'm going to come back to try those buffalo shrimp-love those!)
-cool/non-pretentious crowd

I'd say come here to pre-game with a group of friends or stay the whole night and get trashed and still have a lil money in the bank to go to brunch the next day and cure that hangover :-)
I think that the reason people rave about this place is that it really was good like 10-15 years ago before the national restaurant renaissance occurred here in the US.

I mean, where could you go back then to get margaritas made with lime juice that was freshly squeezed that morning? How many burger joints actually cared enough to really make a great juicy burger? How many bars on South St. ever gave a crap enough to actually be clean inside? Certainly not Copa, but it didn't matter back then.

Copa was competing against other places like theirs, because there weren't upscale alternatives spread all over the city. So, the margaritas and burgers, which were once considered strengths of Copa, are no longer special.

However, to be fair, I don't think they're as bad as people are making them sound. The margaritas, yes, they're sweet and made with a mix, but I can't tell you how many bartenders cannot make a good margarita for the life of them. Their burgers are also pretty good. Maybe not spectacular, but I'm sorry, they are still decent burgers.

I agree that the service sucks and it seems sort of dirty inside, but, then again, it's South St., so I'm used to it.

Look, if you're in the area and you want a burger or a margarita, stop in. You should be pretty content with what you get. But I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Chase was our waiter. Greatest waiter ever. Full of love, life and very witty. Definately a people person. Food was great.
I've eaten here twice. Both times were very good. First time sat at the bar and had pulled pork quesedillas. Woohoo good stuff. Bartender was great. Music was good as well. Pixies followed by the Clash mixed with Bob Dylan. Nice touch that they had English soccer matches on the telly too.

Second time came here with my wife and our daughter. We were nearby shopping for fabric for her prom dress. Almost didn't realize it was Mardi Gras Fat Tuesday! noticed the police outside preparing South Street for the night ahead. Lucky for us it was still early afternoon - lunch time and there wasn't much of a crowd in the Copa. Yet 

I ordered the Cuban melt. My wife had a reuben and our daughter had a bacon cheddar burger melt. We split a large basket of Spanish fries. They were happy with their choices. I loved my Cubano. They had a Hurricane drink special that my wife and I both enjoyed. 

Best part of it all, our daughter thought our server was cute, said he looked like Justin Timberlake. When she had to use the restroom we asked him if he would give her some of his Mardi gras beads when she returned from the bathroom. We told him we would pay for them if need be. He said no worries. When she returned to the table he stopped by and gave her ALL of his beads. Said he was done his shift and did not need them anymore. Wow, good job man. You just made her day. She still talks about that lunch at the Copa almost a year later. 
Of course we tipped him well for it, and the good service.
This place is sliding.  Like to come for margaritas and burgers but it is dirtier each time we come.  I used to be ok with it being a little run down looking but now it just looks  and FEELS dirty...even after several margaritas.  The regular margaritas were always good (the flavored ones not as good) but there was something different about the margaritas this last time.  Not as good. When we inquired, we were told they changed the brand of lime juice they use.  Please, change it back!!  Burgers still good, my friend really liked the chili but it had too much cumin for me.  I like spicy chili but not this type of spice. Friends enjoyed the bubble bread but a little bland. 

While there the last time there was an obnoxious, loud, blatantly drunk patron at the second inside bar who was verbally accosting other customers.  The manager on duty wouldn't do anything about it.  (Even after several tables and customers at bar complained). It went on and on. After finishing our meal and listening to it for at least an hour or more we left.  He had literally emptied the place!  Management needs to grow a set when people buying dinner and lots of margaritas/drinks leave because your bar tenders keep giving shots to drunk loudmouths.  Your restaurant loses money and patrons.. and your waitstaff lose good tips!  So turned off we may not go back. 

The time before last we dropped $130+ and they tacked on a automatic tip and put a space for "additional tip", please.  Bad policy. We weren't a large group-3 (which some restaurants automatically tack tips on for larger groups/tabs). We can determine our own tip based on the quality of service.
After the last experience we probably won't have to worry about this again because there are new places in the city serving better margaritas.
I've contacted Copabanana in order to receive a partial refund because my server charged my debit card $41.82 and my receipt reads $23.82. 
No one returned my call so now I have been inconvenienced by having to create a dispute through my bank. I visited the restaurant on 7/31/16 at 11:03. 
Please keep your receipts in case this happens to you.
I've never had a bad experience at Copa. Cold beer, great bartenders and good food. (I love their quesadillas.) Oh, and it's a great place to watch SPORTS! with your friends.

If you want to listen to some good* music or watch an awesome** movie while listening to some amazing*** jokes, I suggest visiting Jimmy when he works. Tip him well. He's worth every damn penny.

* - By good, I mean a random iPod playlist that is musically all over the charts.
** - By awesome, I mean awesomely bad at times.
*** - By amazing, I mean amazing. Don't get offended either, you just think what Jimmy says out loud.
OMG I LOVE this place. This may sound like a ridiculous exaggeration but I can HONESTLY say that the garlic wings here are THE BEST WINGS I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. Seriously. I came here 3 times in a 2 week period after experiencing them for the first time and I disgustingly licked all the sauce off the plate even when I was done. Hot damn. 

Additionally, our waitress each time was super helpful and friendly (though a little obviously up-selling but hey that's her job). She even gave us extra things of blue cheese and ranch without us asking free of charge cuz we were concerned about not having enough of both for our party when discussing amongst ourselves. 

A lot of the other reviews seem to talk about how it's gross and dirty inside and I honestly did not notice any of this. I guess I'll keep an eye out next time but if it didn't bother me the first few times I doubt it'll become an issue. Maybe they've fixed things up since those previous reviews? If you are concerned about this wait for a nice day and sit outside! 

Long story short - if you like wings at all GO HERE AND EAT THE WINGS. I'm not sure I've ever written a review with so many capital letters, so you have to know I mean business.
I'd give 5 stars if it were only for the margaritas.  They are the best in the city IMO - no mix, real lime juice, a little triple sec, and lots of tequila.  Served in a martini shaker with a martini glass.  The food is not good.  It's way too smoky.   It's sticky.  But have a couple of margaritas and none of that will matter.
In addition to being dirty (no surprise the health department has shut them down numerous times), the management here is in need of a complete overhaul. The customer service, or lack thereof, is appalling. They don't even try to hide their racial bias. Plenty of good eats on South Street -- this isn't one of them!
My burger sucked....i wanted med rare---i got well done...and they put mayo on the bun already---which is WAY too big for the beef. The spinach dip was not bad, but kind of tasted like it could have been frozen. They dumped about a pound of shredded cheese (fyi i LOVE cheese) but this was absolutely too much. Our mojitos were great, the bartender was super friendly.......other than that....a place known for good burgers....and from my experience.......not so good.
** only reason it got 2 stars was because of the friendly bartender and the tasty drinks he made **
Currently at two stars and no surprise after my visit. Our water came with a fly one glass and cigarette ash up the side of the other, obviously not washed. Drink order was wrong albeit only a bit. Guacamole was acidic and the chips were stale. We threw in la toalla and se fue.

I'd skip this place for now.
I was very excited to go to Copabanana after searching it online. It's website made it seem as if Copabanana was a hidden gem in Philadelphia's Spruce Hill. However, when my girlfriend and I stepped in we wanted to step right out. We went on a Sunday night and the place packed. The patrons were loud and the place was very dark. It took about twenty minutes for our waiter to come over. 

The plus side to our night was their $6 margaritas. The food was subpar and my steak fajitas were very chewy. 

Half way through our meal, a group of rowdy men started an argument with a waiter and a couple of employees started arguing back.

This place might have been in its prime in the past but now it is just a hole in the wall dump.
So I'm not sure if it was the time that we visited or what but we came here after a concert right next door.

It was packed and we were hungry so we stayed. The staff at the door told us we could go to the Upstairs bar and it was more room. So we did and grabbed a table. Everybody has margaritas so I ordered one. It was super sweet. Too sweet and not tasty. 

The whole place needs a redo. They have carpet on the first floor and hardwood on the second. My feet where literally sticking to the floor.

We ordered wings bubble bread and fries. Because we were super hungry and it was late. It took about 30 minutes for it to come and none of the food was hot.

We had to order at the bar. So there wasn't anyone to check up on on us. There was 1 bartender and this place was packed.

I doubt if I would ever go back they need to clean this place up and serve hot food.  Not sure if it was bad because it was late but it was really bad.
Crowded restaurant with WAY too much hype.  Don't listen to the people that say, "OMG, you have to go to Copabanana on South St!!"  Weak margaritas and sticky tables.  When there are a billion other fine dining options in Philadelphia, why would you ever choose to go here?
Yelp would not let me post a one star review.  Sat down outside today and waited at the table for 40 minutes.  Usually I would go inside to see what was going on- but it started getting comical so we waited to see how long it would. E before the waitress would come to our table.  4 tables outside.  2 were occupied, empty table and us.  She waited on the one table only.  We finally decided to walk away and go to Petes Sake.  We live nearby, so have been to copa before.  We know it's extremely filthy and has been shut down numerous times- we just wanted a margarita!  
I wouldn't risk ordering food from the kitchen
I can't believe I have never reviewed Copas after all the years of patronizing this solid establishment.  Now, I usually go the one location in University City on Spruce, but my last visit was on South St.  

Now, my 4 star rating is purely for the consistency of the good and drinks that you come to rely on when visiting any location of Copas.   The cleanliness and atmosphere is better at the University City location in my opinion.  It's not always clean and sometimes the South St location has shady looking people around but the staff at both locations are usually cool.

Regarding the food, I usually get a shaker of Pink Lemonade or Margarita and it's always hits the SPOT!!  The Nachos, Burgers, Chicken Tenders and Fries are usually pretty good and soaks up all the alcohol you will be drinking.  

If you are not sure - I say give it a chance - not on outward appearances, but on the consistency of the food that will be delivered.
This is one of the exceptions where three stars doesn't mean I won't be going back.   I have mixed reviews, but over all, I enjoyed it.

I went for lunch so it wasn't crowded (which seems to be a common complaint).  Our server was attentive, until she clearly forgot about my friend's margarita. But, she did remember before we had to remind her, so that wasn't terrible. 

My burger was super yummy... it was medium-well like I asked and had tons of yummy blue cheese and bacon on it (I ordered the Cannes burger). However, their prices are a little steep for their portions.  For 8bones, I feel like a burger should at least come with a pickle (if not fries).  I was able to finish my entire burger (and I haven't done that in months) so the portions were fairly small. 

What really bugged me was their margarita selection.  Sure, they have lots of choices, but they're all jumbo sized.  I know $8 for a jumbo margarita is a fair price (it's like 1 1/2 $5 margaritas) but sometimes a gal just doesn't want a jumbo drink.  It annoyed me that I couldn't find a regular sized margarita on their menu... but maybe that's just because I'm cheap.  But my friend's margarita was nice (once it arrived).

I'd go back for lunch, when I feel like getting a jumbo margarita.  And next time, I'll probably just order the fries.
I went here for a few drinks the other day.  Their margaritas are strong and delicious.  I also tried the Copa Lemonade which is vodka based.  It was a bit sweet for my taste but I would order it again.  I would recommend getting a burger while you are here.  I noticed a lot of other patrons order burgers so I ordered the Cannes burger which is the blue cheese and bacon burger. It was a decent, well made burger. 

The inside is in need of a bit of refreshing.  It doesn't look like the cleanest place but I enjoyed the couple hours I spent here. The atmosphere was enjoyable. The line to get a table was pretty long but there was adequate bar seating.  

I will definiately be going back here.
5/25/12 was the first time I came here. I'll admit, it's pretty small inside and you really gotta be careful going upstairs but upstairs is really not bad. The service is really good, the food and drinks are really good. I've brought my friends here or ran into them here. I do drink Coronas here but not all the time. I like that they don't charge you admission and that there's no dress code. Security is pretty cool. I know they gotta card people but there was one security guard who has seen me many times before and he didn't always card me.
Save your time. Save your money. This was literally the worst "Mexican" places I have ever been to.  It reminded me so much of school lunches. The fish tacos were practically fish sticks on top of cole slaw wrapped in an Ortega tortilla. The beef faces were ground beef with bagged lettuce and stale cheese. Would not recommend.
I have been coming to Copa for over 20years and faithfully went every Monday with my husband and friends/family for the same amount of time (and weekends too)
I love this place for sentimental reasons alone but they also have the best margaritas! in all different flavors and their food is pretty good also.
I love the outside sidewalk table seating and the upstairs bar where they renovated it awhile ago.
Staff is always pleasant, hard-working and friendly. Thomas the doorman is great and has been a staple for years. Bartenders are great and some have also been there for years.
It gets really crowded some nights and there is a long wait but it's worth it
The location is perfect and right in the center of South Street across from Jim's Steaks and the people watching is great. You are bound to see someone you know walking around!
Although I miss our regular old bartenders, managers, and staff from when we first started going here, I still love this place!
Yes, it could use a good cleaning inside but it's a "dive bar and restaurant" not a restaurant chain where you have the luxury of having brand new clean tables and chairs.
Go for the drinks, people watching, and weekly specials!!
Came here tonight while visiting Philly. Came here because i saw they had Bubble Bread which I can usually only get at this one restaurant in Sanibel Island, Florida. After ordering, I was told they didn't have any. Spanish fries were alright. Burgers were over cooked and dry. Waitress was very rude. When I asked if I could please have a refill, she rolled her eyes at me, huffed, and I also never received a refill. With my first drink, the outside of the glass was dirty, but I didn't want to bother her. The table was also very sticky. Needless to say, definitely won't be coming back
NOT a happy camper. We were seated promptly HOWEVER, after ordering southwest egg rolls & tacos, we WAITED for half an hour & still no food. Someone who came in after us was served their food before ours came. So we asked to get it to go...we were told 5 minutes...took 15. As for the food...it was ok...not something I would rush back there to get. I will try them again but when they first open to see if there's any difference. I'll definitely update whenever that happens.
Copabanana has one of the stupidest names ever with decent food and drink.  And with that, it's basically a perfect fit for South Street.

I've been here twice, both times for the full dining experience.  Me and my babe were seated in the dining room, which as you may or may not know, is reached by going through the main first room, then into the second where the bar is located and finally around that.  I figure most of the patrons go there to drink and eat appetizers as both times I have gone it was pretty dead in the dining room.

That said, the attention you get from the wait staff pretty much sucks.  You'll see your waiter or waitress when they take your order, bring you your drinks and food....and that's almost about it.  I noticed that the second time I went, there was a bit more attention since we were buying some drinks, but if you're mainly drinking water or sodas, you'll need a tracker to find the help, which sucks.

Food-wise, this is pretty good stuff.  First time I went I had the chicken chimichanga and the second time I had the pulled pork bbq quesadilla.  Both were good, but this is yet another one of those places that you feel like a bigger chain like Chili's couldn't do just as well or better in some instances.  I will give a couple extra points for the good tunes being played here, as that always makes me happy when I enjoy the music at a restaurant.  Prices are what you'd expect, and the upstairs has a tapas bar that's supposed to be "upscale," but I have a feeling it's no better than what's downstairs.
This place has been around for ages, it was a favorite South Street haunt for my parents and mom's sisters in the mid-eighties. This was the first Christmas I spent in the Philly metro area since I was very little, and one day my dad took me to see all of the places that held significance to my parents, including the hospital where I was born. My aunts thought it would be a great idea to celebrate my and dad's last night in Philly at the Copabanana (or as my dad still often refers to it, Copacabana).

I decided to look at the place on Yelp and I was already leery of the place when I saw it only had an average of 2 1/2 stars. I told everyone, and they took it with a grain of salt, as they wanted to go more for nostalgia than anything.

According to them, the decor has not changed since the eighties, which I could see. Neon lights and white painted wood paneling are what we're working with here. It's also quite small; my dad and I decided to show up thirty minutes before our scheduled meeting time to secure a table. Once six rolled around, the place was practically full.

In true celebratory fashion, I indulged in three of their Miami mojitos, and somehow was not hungover the next morning. We ordered the bubble bread, the southwest egg rolls, and the spinach and artichoke dip for appetizers. One of my dad's favorites back in the day was their Mexican pizza, which they unfortunately no longer serve.

For my entree, I had the Caribbean jerk chicken quesadilla, which came with a side of salsa and sour cream, which I don't think they needed. They don't have any desserts.

It's places like this that make me second guess Yelp reviews. I've been to places with near perfect ratings that just did not do it for me, as well as lower rated joints that prove to be, at least in my experience, hidden gems.
I cannot express my distaste for this restaurant enough.
I went there with a group of friends, and when we received our bill at the end it was a bungled mess.
Maybe that would have been excusable if the food wasn't so terrible that it made me sick, and my boyfriend even sicker (read: his stomach thoroughly rebelled later that evening).
First off I really love this place but I don't recommend sitting inside. The margaritas are amazing and so are the jerk chicken quesadillas.  Today I also tried the skirt steak fajitas and quacamole with chips. Everything was amazing. I love sitting outside. 

The inside smells musty and is very run down. The staff are not the friendliest however today I had a very friendly waitress unfortunately I do not remember her name. 

Go for the margaritas and quesadillas you will not regret it! 

Until next time...
All right place, convenient to concert venue! Super crowded! And food takes a while, factor extra if you ever stop here... We just had appetizers and a drink before heading out! The Chicken wings were okay, nothing to brag about! The prices are so, so... Overall, an alright place to catch something lite to eat but not if you are in a hurry!!!!
My girlfriend and I go here sometimes to get a drink and chat. Atmosphere is meh, but their margaritas are great! We usually make them a double and they leave you with the shaker so you can just continuously pour them yourself which is nice. There guacamole and chips are decent. I actually like the chips more then the guacamole! The last time we were here I got the crab quesadillas and my girlfriend got the jerk chicken quesadillas and we were both throughly impressed! My crab quesadillas came with a really good sauce. I couldn't get enough of it! I've never had a bad server here. They have always been really friendly and attentive. 

It's directly next to the TLA so it's perfect for a nice little pregame before a show!
Pause.

This is definitely going to be my new hangout spot whenever I visit my mom in Philly. 

DRINKS: The drinks here are really good. I would say stick to the basics-- a basic margherita, a basic cosmo, a simple martini, etc. Once you start ordering "blue raspberry" this and "watermelon" that, I think the drinks aren't quite as strong, aren't as tasty, and are a bit more expensive. The drinks come with the glass pour, as well as a bit more left in the shaker. I say that explicitly because I didn't realize it with my first drink and left the rest in the shaker. 

SERVICE: The service was very prompt, and very friendly. When I ordered a round of drinks for my friends, the bartender let me get a drink on her, which I much appreciated. I thought that was a sweet thing to do, and I made sure to tip graciously. When we ordered food too late, the bartender told us about their suggestions for the surrounding area. 

ATMOSPHERE: This is a popular bar, on South Street, so there will definitely be a crowd, it may be difficult to find seating if you have a group of friends, but seats open up occasionally for pairs or groups of three. 

CLIENTELE: It was a very cool, collected crowd that was majority black people and other POC, which I appreciated. It stood in contrast to many of the other bars on South Street, so it was nice to find a safe space where we could go to listen to our music, and be around our people.
My husband was in a nostalgic mood and I was hungry so we stopped here because he used to frequent this place during his college days. I honestly wasn't expecting much from the minute I walked in. I must say the music had me tapping my foot though (think 'i can't go for that' - hall and Oates)

I can describe this place as cute and definitely somewhere college-me would have gone often for the cheap margaritas...but unfortunately tastes evolve. 

Although the place was pretty empty, we were standing for a while at the entrance waiting for someone to seat us. When we were finally seated. No one brought any waters for us.
A lady at a table near us fell out of her chair (drunkenly. No exaggeration) so naturally I had to order whatever she had because I had had a long day at work. We got the margaritas and I was a little put off by the wilted brown mint in it (see pics). Presentation isn't everything but it certainly counts. They we're certainly strong enough, didn't skimp on the alcohol. 

I ordered the Cannes burger with the blue cheese and bacon and he got the South Philly burger...mostly tasteless (but at least was cooked the way we asked...oh how many times at other restaurants have I asked for medium well and gotten rare? too many times) 
My husband had really fond memories of the Spanish fries, he was raving about them but even he had to admit that they were pretty disappointing when finally brought to the table. 

I feel badly that my husband's fond memories have been tainted...he blames it on a change in management. Perhaps.
Go literally anywhere on south street but here. It's one of those restaurants you see on that show where they do the makeover but discover rotten oysters in the fridge. Do they serve oysters here? I do not know. Does it matter? No. The comparison stands. 

The bathrooms are disgusting. Disgusting. If they're so bad, why would you think the kitchen would be good? 

The food is bad. Very bad. Unless you like food born illness. 

Drinks are crap. Overpriced. Yuck yuck yuck.
This place used to be our go to place to have a drinking lunch when the Friday afternoon was light. Last time we were there, three of us, they added gratuity of 18% for no reason they could explain. 3 people in the party and you gratted us??!! I'm guessing they were hoping we wouldn't notice and add on additional grat.

Food is ok but only go if you're going to drink. Skip it if anywhere else is open...

We won't ever go back.
This place is absolutely  must be avoided.The disgrace of restaurant  business. The chicken wings dry,wooden and tasteless.The cheesesteak only soso and never even come to standard  Philly  famous for. Service is so long and inside is dirty ,filthy carpet nobody ever vacuum ,Disgraceful bathroom with faucet coming out from sink. It's been a long time since I visited anything close to such shameful disrespect for customers..Avoid at any cost
Here the first time, we tried the fruit mojito-coconut. Traditionally our mojitos are made with coconut milk, these were more on the fruity side, but good nonetheless. It was a bit sweet, but had the right amount of alcohol to give you a little buzz!
Sorry, I have to give this place 5 stars. Everytime i go to copa i have a GREAT time.  The location is key, at 4th and South, its basically the crux of activity in the South Street district. I enjoy sitting in the windows or along the sidewalks with friends, partaking in some french hating. French hating is when you basically talk about every person who walks past.  I highly recommend the fruit margaritas, i always order a double, they are the most famous item on the menu.  Another one of my favorites here would be the Caribbean Burger, prepared with jerk spices and mango chutney.  Original and delicious!
Granted, I'm four margaritas and a mystery blue drink deep...BUT...service at the Copa is exceptional. Try the nachos if your stomach can deal w the Zomg of the raspberry margarita bliss. Chris, ftr, is a fab bartender. Ask for him; his drinks are inspiring. I may hate him tomorrow. 
Anyone know where do the top stairs go??
A couple of years ago I went to Copa on South Street and ordered some mexican food (either a burrito or quesadilla ) and two margaritas. I drank my first margarita while waiting for my food, and ordered my second when my food arrived. While chewing the food part of my second bite, I noticed something real hard was in the food I had in my mouth. I pulled out the object and it was a 2 inch long, sharp piece of metal in my food.
When I told the waitress I did not want the food and showed her the piece of metal I pulled out (and yes I had witnesses), she got an attitude and said "well, we can't put less than $10 on your card". WTF? No concern over the fact they almost destroyed my throat.
So yea, I don't go there any more.
I only come here for the Margaritas, that being said I am only rating this place based on the service I get at the bar and the drinks I get. All of which have been fantastic. I have a soft spot for their Neon Blue Raspberry, but also love all their other flavors as well. I enjoy how they cycle through different fruits throughout the year to keep things interesting. I wish ted still worked here though, that man could fly through mixing drinks and do it with style.
Don't go by the looks of the place, This is the best place to get burgers, Spanish fries  and margaritas . Right on the money and such nice food.
Ok I understand that the place itself is in desparate need of remodeling and a good cleaning, and that no one, NO ONE, should ever put a carpet in a restaurant, but overall it's not half bad. 

I went there last weekend for lunch with a friend. She had a burger and I had the tacos. I don't know, maybe it's because we were starving or maybe the food was actually good, but we enjoyed our meals. It's reasonably priced and our waitress was very nice and attentive too, so what more could you ask for?
The Jerk quesadilla was good, tequila seemed a bit weak but the staff is on fire. They hustle, they're friendly and they handle the crowd well all night with no delays. 

 The hostess w/ glasses is so unbelievably cute. She fixed my lousy night just by being herself.
This is a good place to meet up and get some drinks. For food, I'll only suggest getting some appitizers and call it a day. The food on the menu sounds good but the taste is a whole other thing. Hotwings are overcooked and dry with lots of sauce. I had the jerk chicken quesadea (something like that) and that was ok. The drinks, margarita meh, had better and little pricey. 

The place is little small and the decor is more like being on a trip to colorville. Its good for meetups  and drinks. Thats all folks!!!
Mixed feelings about this place, My girlfriend and I came here for drinks and a snackaroo.  The electric blue margaritas were tasty. I LOVE the bizarre decorations its a major trip out.  I wanted to try their "famous Bubble Bread"  what ever the fuck that is, I was expecting some futuristic type toaster strudel.  Garlic bread on white bread sums it up.  GOD AWFUL.

BATHROOMS - V.O.M.I.T to the tenth power.
Now I've been going here for years but usually the one in Uni City. And the service is usually ok. However last night was the literally the worse time I've ever had here. The owners have apparently purchased a new spot two doors down and titled it Copa Havana. Same menu as Copabanana. I was with a party of 16 people. Waitress comes over and we all gave our orders. Everyone order large Margaritas. The waitress came back with the drinks in shaker cups that were packed with ice and half filled. She also didn't track the orders correctly because she gave out the wrong orders to everyone. We told her she was messing up the orders, and she tried to claim the place was short staffed and not her fault. 

We asked another waitress to see the manager who we were told was dealing with L&I Inspector at the moment (a detail she probably had kept to herself and who meets with L&I at was nearly 11pm). She came over to hear our concerns and went to address it. Our initial waitress then came back over with our food and again she was placing wrong food in front of people. We then tried to let her know again and she just threw her hands up in despair as if to suggest she didn't really care.  When she can't back with next round of food we addressed her again and she said, "we are short staffed, what do you want me to do." "You guys are not helping things by complaining" The manager was no where to be found now. The last we saw of her she was pushing what looked to be an employee out of the store. (Another inappropriate scene)

I would suggest the owner and manager get the staff prepared and ready even when there are shortages. They also need extensive customer service training. (See Chik-Fil-A training manual)
The margaritas are awesome, but that's about all it has going for it. It's bar food so your hopes shouldn't be too high, but there is so much potential here when it comes to the cuisine and the state of the restaurant. Don't expect fast service either, but I still enjoyed coming here a few times, people watching out the window while I ate nachos!
Maybe I needed to have a vast amount of their margaritas to think their food was anywhere near good... "famous fries" were AWFUL, chicken in my sandwich was dry and luke warm, plantains in brown sugar were decent at best. I was starving when I walked in, I walked out disappointed. 
As for the bathrooms DISGUSTING! Women's was dirty and clogged so I had to use the men's... I may not get over that trauma!!
Management Does Not Care!

I left my CC at the restaurant.  Hey, it happens.  When I realized this I called the restaurant and was sent immediately to voice mail.  This was during normal business hours and I called more than once with each time going to voice mail.  I sent them an e-mail--no response!  I stopped-by to pick-up my CC and it was like we don't care so why should anyone frequent this establishment!
Decent place, with a pension for big plates with tiny food on them (albeit good food nonetheless). The margaritas here are really where it's at - straight lime w/ house tequilla on mondays are what you want for 1/2 price craziness. Of course you can always step it up to a mango and Patron... but hey the range or 'ritas are just like the folks here! Everyone's chill here, and it's great to see that kind of atmosphere here (which is really what you're going for - sorry kitchen!) Totally a great little hang out bar.
If I could give it zero stars I would. The old copa on Welsh was a million times better and they closed down. This place is in serious need of a makeover. Decor is outdated and dusty. Over crowded and dirty. Bathrooms are small and not handicapped accessible. Service blows. They were more concerned with smoking cigs than customers. They only make money cuz they're on south street and charge 17% gratuity on orders of $50 or more. Hello! Two drinks and two entrees is more than $50. What a rip off. Drinks tasted Like pure grain alcohal, food was cold and the wait staff sucked. Only the bus boy was busting his butt while the staff gets the tips. During my meal, I watched the one waiter give a burger to a customer who inspected it, realized that's not what she ordered and sent it back. 2 min later a male patron at a different table was given that same plate that the previous "owner" was fingering. It was obvious to my table and the next over. This place is just disgusting. They need to be shut down by the Board of Health.
We almost always hit Copa when in Philly since the Margueritas are fresh & the grub is consistently yummy, despite decades of less than cleanly digs. Today was a true exception; the blackened grouper was tough from over cooking, the reheated rice was old & dry, the slaw was heavy on the mayo & limp and the Spanish fries were soft & greasy . I wouldn't waste time here if the manager/owner hadn't completely ignored our comments! He actually looked away!!  The only professional was our server Rudy, who was attentive and had to actually face the customer. So turned off, I may never return.
I would probably avoid Copabanana, except for the fact that when you order a margarita, they give you the whole shaker so you are really getting 1.5 drinks.

The food is just okay and the bar is dirty. It smells like beer soaked carpets and I just don't like the atmosphere. 

That being said, there are much worse places to go on South Street, so for that, Copa gets 3 instead of 2 stars.
Copa isn't fine dining but it's AWesome dining. Large portions, chill atmosphere, AMAZING drinks, great for informal get togethers and some south street people watching. Awesome server and hostess, this is one of my chill spot favs
So I went on a double date to Philadelphia and we decided to stop at the "Copa". Big Mistake!  This place is a dump inside so sit outside or keep it moving.  There is old worn furry carpet on the floor.  Yes, furry carpet in a restaurant.  It just has a yukky feeling.  The drinks were alright nothing to designate a driver about and ALL OF OUR DISHES WERE HORRIBLE.

I ordered the Lobster Roll and it was $13.95.  It was the smallest thing ever.  I will stick with Luke's Lobster after here to get a real roll!  My boo ordered the 3 taco meal, just horrible from the meat to the shells.  My friend ordered the nachos and they were horrible!  The chip tastes stale and the meat and salsa were horrible.  My friends date had the fajitas and she said the chicken was rubber and funny tasting!  The food was bad.  

This is a disgrace and i'm going to mention it to the manager!    Unbelievable!
This joint has the best margaritas I've ever had!!! Definitely would recommend! Also, JP our server was fun, attentive, and overall an amazing server! Definitely check out this place if you're in the area.
Copabanana has the best flavored margaritas in town. After much experimentation, I've decided that the orange-mango is my favorite. (Other options include prickly pear, watermelon, raspberry--both regular and blue, strawberry and standard lime.) These things are so potent that they've led to some rather surreal experiences (like my somewhat straightlaced parents admitting to recreational drug use and wild sex--eek!--after imbibing a few). A single is more like a double, and a double more like a quadruple.

Now that I've gushed about the drinks, I should mention that the food and service are both hit-or-miss. But if you can score a sidewalk seat on a warm spring day (or a window seat during a snowstorm), it's usually worth it. Order some nachos to soak up the tequila and enjoy the people watching on South Street.

A word to the wise--the bubble bread is nothing like that served at Florida's Bubble Room. Don't order it if you've tried the real thing.
Come here for the margaritas--- they are incredible, and you get an entire shaker full. That means you're paying for one margarita but basically getting about three. Plus, they are delicious.

The burgers are also good. They have some garlic mayo on it which is very tasty. Normally I hate mayo, but this one goes perfectly with the super juicy burger.

Don't get the nachos, though. They definitely aren't worth it.
Best margarita ever. Service was great, food was good also. I usually go and it's crowded but last Sunday wasn't at all so I got to enjoy it
great place for margaritas and burgers. can't go wrong
Gross.

1. Place is dirty and grimy. 

2. Burger=frozen patty w/ a slab of cheese thrown on it.

3. Spanish fries.  Fries were not crispy and just had chunks of tasteless cheese thrown around. 

Fail.
3 stars because the food was good but the service sucked. The food has never disappointed me here. The service on the other hand... is quite disappointing. We only saw our waiter twice that night & had to seek them out just to get the check. I would still recommend this place for late night meals. It is definitely worth the price!
7pm on a Saturday night, 2 minute wait (she was wiping down a table), she like ran to the table, good thing its a small place but she dropped the menus, utensils and napkins on the table and then left. there was no "welcome to copa", "how are you guys?", "your servers bob, he'll be right with you..."...there was nothing. oh well, maybe shes busy.

so our server finally came to our table after i had read the whoooooole menu and decided what i wanted for an app, my drink and meal... he said "ill be right with you" and came back in like 5 minutes. lets just say the servers looked like they were busy but how can they when its such a small place. overall, he was nice and efficient i just didnt understand why they seemed so busy/rushed.

spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer. it needed seasoning... i added sooo much salt to it! i shouldnt have to do that.

cannes burger- delicious!
copa burger- not bad! (i liked mine better though)

regular margarita (house tequila) with salt & strawberry margarita (cuervo) with sugar... we ended up switching margaritas because we like each others better... i must have refilled my martini glass like 6 times, if not more. overall, get the double!! its worth the price!
Place has a great atmosphere, kinda small and crowded but worth it. The wings were great and the service is good. The quesadilla with Jamaican jerk chicken was amazing prices are cheap. I recommend this to anyone visiting philly. Made my philly experience worth it. Wish we had this in NY
Good food, reasonably priced, decent beer selection, but glacially-paced service. I normally don't care, but it took me 25 minutes from the point when I finished my food to get the bill, and I probably waited a half hour for the food. At a certain point, you do want to clear out once you're finished eating and drinking. Honestly, probably 2 and a half stars.
The food here is pretty decent. We got the steak fajitas. Flavors great. Service on the other hand was terrible. Our waitress, Krystal, didn't check on us for over an hour! We were outside when it started to rain asked for an umbrella for our table. We were told they had no more. When we moved inside, we sat at a table with UMBRELLAS folded up behind us. This is an example of pure laziness. Not wanting to see if there are other umbrellas nor wanting to put them up. Would come back, but a didn't location. Also, gratuity was added for an amount she didn't deserve
Copabanana... 
Lets see.... 

I walked in from the street and into a dark bar..everyone sort of turned to look at me like I was interesting to look at?.. hahha. I let loose my cute smile and make my way over to the right side of the room to another bar they had situated. This place wouldn't have been a first choice for me, I was actually meeting a girlfriend I haven't seen in years, and suggested we get margaritas!!! She knew this place had good margaritas.... had she pointed it out to me and said that I would have told her your fruckin nuts. LOL.
I am not a fruit margarita girl at all. I am a Top Shelf Margarita on the rocks with salt only kind of girl. But for some oddddd reason.. Maybe it was because of this bars ambience... I felt the need to order a strawberry margarita, and BOYYYYY did they give me a strawberry margarita...it was slamming!!!!
The bartender was a really awesome irish man. Whom I quickly became friends with, which I dont know was a good thing, because I kept getting tequila shots handed to me left and right and before you knew it.... I was pretty crunk, You can call me tippy tequila and i would have loved it. All in all... good margaritas... Only appetizer I had was the spanish fries...not a fan.
but if I am ever again in an odd mood for fruit margaritas... you might see me there.
hey! if you like termites in your drinks (or infested in your ice machine) and your bill not comped, go here. enough said.
Can across this place, during the Cinco De Mayo festival. Ordered a burger and it was decent. It didnt have tons of flavor like expected, but maybe it would be different if I were in the restaurant. 

I did enjoy a Margarita's thats what they are known for and after 2 sips, I could see why :)
Copa on South Street was my mainstay for several years after tai chi classes at The Painted Bride.  Those days are only for reminiscing now, but the taste and zest of Copabanana remains a trigger to my salivary glands. I have returned on occasion, and still loved the dirty ambiance, lusty margaritas, incredible Copaburgers (extra jalapenos, please), and the earthshaking Spanish flies...er...fries.  My son, now 12, has gone with me, so another generation is preparing to take its place where Friday night legends are made (and oft forgotten by Saturday morning).  
What others Yelpers say about the conditions in the joint is true, but the best Tex-Mex food is always found in the dingiest hole-in-the-wall places.  Am I right? At least you know there are no cleaning agent molecules in the air to settle on your food. 
These days I try to stop in before or after a 76'er game.  Copa still possesses that "in your face" attitude that I have loved, lo these many years.
May it always be so.
Amen!
I use to love Copa's but I have to be honest and say I have seen mice in here twice months aparts. The first time I said ok they're doing construction not their fault but the second time. Lets be real, you have a problem and its a real health hazard, which is disappointing because I love their drinks. The proof is in the pictures, the managers are aware because they were quick to pick up our tab, but the problem remains. Also the new menu is horrible. The only thing I like now is the drinks and the spanish fries if I ever go back.
This place is a joke. 

The guacamole was watery. I wouldn't be surprised if it was defrosted.

It is overall dirty - interior, bathrooms, indoor air quality, etc.... 

The wait staff seems untrained and incapable of simple problem solving.
just was able to stop by again and was told the blood orange margarita was seasonal and not on the menu.  cry cry cry.  the margarita special after 7 was cheaper then the happy hour price, so I was a vvvvvery happy sipper
There's nothing special about this place, although, you can appreciate the atmosphere. It's not too crowded, which is nice if you don't want much noise. You also don't feel much of a rush here, which I think is both good and bad. Not only do YOU not feel a rush, but the THE SERVERS don't feel it either. One of the really disappointing things about this place is that they had several things on their menu and they had run out of it. Not only did run out of items, but one was no longer available (Mexican Coke).
I ordered a Philly cheese steak which tasteted pretty well to me. The only thing I wish was different was the dryness; if it has been more moist, I believer I would've liked it better. It also did not have peppers. The cheese steak was about a foot long and costed around $9.
One of the best things I liked from here is their Taco Tuesdays. On Tuesdays, you can order a set of three hard-shell tacos for about $7 and after that its unlimited tacos. The tacos taste like taco bell, but it's hard to complain when you can get an unlimited amount.
very decent margaritas and love the jerk chicken quesadilla!
This rating is based solely on my experience at the bar during a Flyers playoff game. The bartender, we'll call him Jimmy (because that's his real name), was obviously a fan and he made everyone feel welcome. The bar area is somewhat intimate, in that it seats only about 10 people and the bartender has no choice but to make it a comfortable environment for everyone. The drinks are affordable and it's a great location. Not to mention that it's a great spot to watch any Philadelphia sports teams win (or lose).

Overall, I think Copabanana is a great spot on the weeknights for a few drinks and a game. I would definitely say differently on a warm, busy weekend...
Over all, the place was good. The burgers were delicious, my only complain are the fries. They're a bit drenched in oil. Our server recommended margaritas and we had the orange mango flavor and yummmm!!!!
Love the macho nachos and the fries with jalapeno peppers. Went here with 4 adults and five kids. Everyone enjoyed the meal, friendly service
Came here with my girlfriend and Parents.  Split an order of fries with onions and peppers.  I had the small bowl of chili.  It was tasty, but extremely oily.  The service is hit or miss (agree with Kelly H. on this one).  I've waited for 15 minute without anyone seating or great me.  This last time I was seated promptly by a very nice waiter.  My mom ordered her burger medium-well and sent it back because it was too over-done.  The waiter had said that their medium-well was still pink, but c'mon...anything over medium is grounds for being thrown out of a restaurant.  Their burgers are amazing.  They no longer cary the bison burger, but still offer a salmon, turkey, vegi, and bison burger.
Their spanish fries are phenomenal.  Otherwise everything else is very mediocre.  Very bland burrito.  Very bland taco.  Very bland sandwich.  I've been 3 times, but I only keep going back for the fries.

Mediocre service.  Hit or miss and depends on who you get.
This place is always poppin! It's nice they actually I.d people because unlike a lot of south street bars filled with loud children. Atleast everyone here is 21 & ^ 

Margaritas are always a go to here since they're so good! Made with fresh juices and comes with a shaker to refill your glass a few times! 

Food is also great for when you're drinking. It hits the spot for any drunk belly. 
This place never fails me.
Dirty, dicey, divey, dive.  Decent and boozy margarita though, just enough alcohol to keep it antiseptic.
love this spot. happy hour is from 4-7 which is nice and long. i know on tuesday they have half priced burgers and they are really good with an amazing combination of toppings. we had bleu cheese bacon, so good. you can also choose a veggie burger, salmon burger, or bison. Im pretty sure it's fresh meat, very juicy and big. 
from the $5 apps (usually they are about $10) ive had the buffalo shrimp (very very spicy), calamari and jerk chicken/skewer shrimp. all are really good. especially the calamari which comes breaded and deep fried with breaded jalapenos which give it just the right kick.
the bartenders downstairs can be a little loud and uncouth (our guy last time was talking about getting oral pleasure from 2 girls at once and all kinds of profanity with it). It is a bar, and i expect to hear things like that - but usually more from other patrons and not the employees. 
There's a nice quite bar upstairs too, which not a lot of people know about - so when that is open i always prefer it up there. 
all in all, its a south street staple with decent grub and good specials.
