I have been coming to Copa's for many years.  The atmosphere is usually "easy breezy" and has a fun lively vibe.  Because it is close to U of Penn - it can get crowded after work for Happy Hour.  I typically go for the popular drink of the "Margarita's" - they can be strong  and isn't that the point?  The food is standard bar fare - if in doubt-go for one of the burgers.  
The waitstaff are usually friendly, but the service can be "hit or miss" depending on the crowd size.  
Keep it simple - This is not a dinner/date type of place.  If you decide to "pre-game" here during happy hour and then head to your final destination - good call.
I ordered a double Patron Añejo on the rocks. Copa's tequila menu doesn't include prices. When the check arrived, I discovered the drink was $31.50!!! For one drink! Plus there was a mandatory 18% gratuity on the drink. With tax and gratuity my ONE drink cost $39.69! Almost forty bucks! That is insanity!

I asked the server if that was correct. She said it was, but they could remove a $3 charge for it being on the rocks. What?? They added $3 because it had ice? Who does that? One of the other persons in my party ordered a margarita that was twenty-something bucks. That is also obscenely expensive. Copa is not a fancy restaurant by any means. The service and food is only a notch above McDonalds. They have no right to charge those prices.

Our drinks were on a separate check than the meals and that check for two drinks included $8.64 in mandatory gratuity. I was not in the mood to tip that much for just two overpriced drinks. I requested that the sever remove the gratuity and replace it with $2--one buck per drink. One dollar per drink is more than fair, plus the service was terrible.

The server sent the manager over, and the manager Nicole Sedwin refused to remove the gratuity and was extremely rude to me. She demanded that I pay their inflated gratuity or else she would call the police. I only caved because I did not to hold up the rest of my party. 

Also it took 45 minutes for our food to come and at least a half hour minutes for them to bring the check. The place wasn't even very busy. The tables was sticky and gross. The fajitas were cold when they arrived and my salad had hair in it. When we paid the server for the separate food check she did not return the change. After waiting and wondering for 20 minutes when she would return we had to chase her down. She presumed she could keep all of the change on top of the gratuity that was included with the price. 

This place is overpriced, dirty, the food was terrible, and the service sucked. Don't eat here. Especially don't drink here. For a fraction of the price you can enjoy better food, drinks, and service at a real restaurant.
Four words: half-priced-burger Wednesdays

Grab a co-worker, grab a few bucks, a beer and a burger and you're all set. 

This place has open windows most of the time, so there will be some of God's creatures flying around. Not a big deal - it's nice to have an open air place in the summer. The best part about it is the burgers. I've never really had anything else here. 

I usually get my burger medium-rare and it's always been cooked just like that here. The meat is juicy and I love the way you can customize your burgers.

Last week, I decided to go with a buffalo burger and it is so far my favorite. The bread is really good, the cole slaw delicious, and it comes with a pickle. Goes well with a beer and you won't spend an arm and leg here.
What Happened to the Copa brand?

Back in the Day, when Copabanana was only down on South Street, I spent my Friday nights after Tai Chi classes at the Painted Bride hanging out with the motley crew at Copa, downing rip roaring 'ritas, and munching fabulous Burgers laden with Pepper Jack Cheese and sliced Jalapenos, with a basket of Spanish Flies fulfilling a post workout greasy comfort food attack, and exchanging stories of daring do.  So very Yin/Yang. I either sat at the bar, in the dining room, or upstairs in the cramped attic before it became a cooler than you microbar. 

Cut to the recent past, and I finally had a couple of opportunities to hit this Copa on Spruce Street, just off Penn's Campus.  Looked great from the outside - loads of colors - and even suggested some happening things within. One stop at the bar for drinks and eats, and another at a small corner table, left me scratching my kep and wondering whether it was my faulty memory, or the joint's loss of verve, that left me feeling that I was in the wrong Copa.  

Yes.  The drinks were still stiff (one was enough for me), but the grub had fallen off a cliff.  My beloved burger memory suffered a rude awakening when I bit into what looked to be the same TexMex heat burger of ancient lore.  What had been a juicy joy had evolved into the proverbial hockey puck.  Hard from over-grilling, well done from inattention, and spiced by over-aged now gray peppers from absent quality control and pride.

 Not once, but on both occasions, I departed a saddened and wistful patron, yearning for the old days when a Copaburger meant joy on a bun.
This place has been around forever. And I've been having great burgers there for that long. It's a staple in West Philly. They have really good outside seating, really good happy hours and honestly? A GREAT burger. And you can't beat the Spanish fries. It's a good place to get the basics (really good quesadilla as well). Nothing shiny and polished (the inside could use some cosmetic upgrades)  but in some of the ways, that's sort of the appeal. I wouldn't recommend this place if you are looking for an "evening out" but maybe if you come home on a Wednesday night, tired and don't want to cook, you head here with whomever you choose (or with just yourself) and you order up some decently-priced drinks and a pretty tasty burger.  Wednesday special is a discounted burger and now I'm regretting letting the word out (but I'm not gonna withhold.) They have good happy hours too and the bar is nice and long. In my experience I  have had good attentive service. Met my oldest here on a Tuesday night, had half priced mojitos and it was such a good time. You want a good burger, good drinks, bar option, dining room seating as well as outside seating in West Philly? This could be your place.
Disappointed by my last experience at Copa.  I saw that people had reviewed the burgers well here so I thought they might have surprisingly good burgers.

Unfortunately, these burgers were surprisingly bad: flavourless & extremely overcooked.  Asked for Medium Rare (which is the rarest you can ask for, according to the menu) and got a well past Well Done burger -- Surprise! -- overcooked to absolute dryness.  The bun was dry with an odd cotton-y texture.

Server was very helpful & offered to get our burgers replaced.  My replacement burger was Medium Well (not Medium Rare).  MW is a lot better than the dried out overly-well-done burger I'd started with, but it's still not what I asked for.  I didn't complain or anything; I just figure this kitchen can't manage to take the burger off the grill at the appropriate time.

Strangely enough, my companion (who also wanted MR) got back a burger that was between MR and R.  I'm not sure why the 2 replacement burgers weren't cooked to the same doneness.  Why would someone take my companion's burger off the grill early, but leave mine there for a few extra minutes?  Who knows.

If you like your burgers NOT the way you asked for them (SURPRISE!), this is the place for you.

Burgers would be 1 star or less, but I'm reviewing Copa at 2 stars because it's probably still okay for drinks (specifically margaritas).  Maybe you're not supposed to eat the food until you're drunk.
If you want a strong, cheap, happy hour margarita, in a dingy, college dive bar with kind, but slow service - have I got the place for you!!

Copa transported me to back to my college days -- College kinda sucked. 

The bartenders were nice! The servers were super kind, but very slow. The crowd is, as you'd expect, mostly college kids with a few older neighborhood regulars sprinkled in. It's pretty dark and dingy; I can only fanaticize about the things a magic eraser could do in this place. 

Even though it's a Mexican place, they are apparently known for their "gourmet" burgers? Odd, but I did have a bite of friend's burger and it was perfectly cooked medium rare. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and it was underwhelming. All in all, not impressed with the food scene.

I'd come here for a margarita if someone suggested it, but I'm sure there are other places in the neighborhood that offer same, if not better, specials. Thank u, next.
There is this boy that works here who I think follows me all over the city.

He used to work at the bank I go to.
He goes to the same school because we both auditioned for a play.
He works at Copabanana, where I occasionally go with friends from work for happy hour.

I'm guessing he quit the bank.
The catch is, he looks EXACTLY, and I mean EXACTLY like a good friend of mine. Save for curly hair and a few more freckles, they could be identical.

It freaks me out.

But $5 for nachos, quesadillas, or a margarita is good.
Best little college bar in Ucity! Great Service and great drinks. 

Love the margaritas and the cheese fries. If you go make sure you stop by for happy hour...double margs for $10? Yes please! 

It can get pretty crowded so make sure you get there early if it's happy hour or there is a special going on.
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We sat in a dingy corner with crappy lighting, the table wasn't sturdy. Waiter LOU was no fun. Awful attitude. No utensils until asked for. No napkins. No water until asked for. Then!!!!!!!  We had some of our party leave and paid for their own tab. But when our tab was given to us, we were charged nachos, and we called our party that left, and they said they didn't order any nachos. We had to pay for nachos we didn't even order/eat. What kind of customer service is that? To try and prove us wrong. We're not ones to get anything and not pay for it. NO ONE ORDERED NACHOS!!!!! I'm never going here again. Copa, you need to get it together. 


- angry ass customer
Copa's will forever by my MVP! This is the place my girls and I would go to pre-game before a night out in Philly 10 years ago and the margaritas are still unmatched!

COVID Regulation: Reservations only. No walk-ins allowed unless you luck up like I did and a party has just cancelled (I guess God really wanted me there that night lol). The tables upstairs are few & far between to honor social distancing (which is a good thing) and now they have a dining space downstairs.

The MARGARITAS though - they still get the job done! That tin can still pours 2-3 drinks for $10 (can't beat that) and you really can't go wrong with any flavor. AND if you can't finish it all, now worries you can take it to go! The Spanish Fries are still as tasty as they've always been. I even noticed they now have a Vegan Cheesesteak on the menu which is nice their catering to the plant based community! So happy that Copa's has survived COVID and the quality of their offerings has not diminished!

Not sure of the specifics on the gratuity policy, but with a party of 4 the gratuity is automatically included so be sure to review your total so you won't double tip...unless you want to :)
I had pretty low expectations coming here for dinner and drinks. Sadly they were met for the most part. The general decor is pretty dingy. Tables that have seen better days, sticky floors, and bathrooms that could be cleaned more than one a day. Our server was friendly, but our food took FOREVER to arrive - most of us had sandwiches and burgers! My margarita was okay. I wish they had actual margarita classes and not martinis, but I appreciate that they gave me the shaker. I rarely complain about something being too strong, but my drink was literally just tequila. I asked for a shaker with just mix to even it out a bit. I had the Charleston burger. The toppings were tasting, the bun was soft, and the medium rare patty was....raw. I didn't want to wait for another one, so I ate around the middle. The bonus was the extremely stomachache I suffered for several hours afterward.
My friend suggested we stop here for brunch because they have $3 mimosas until 1:00, which sounded fantastic, so we did.

The breakfast menu is rather small, and doesn't offer a lot of sweet options, like pancakes, if you're in the mood for sweet rather than savory. The only sweet option was a banana french toast, which sounded amazing, but I decided to go with a savory option.

I decided on the "create your own omelet". I love when restaurants give you the option to create your own. I decided to go with provolone, chorizo, and mushrooms and it was good! Nothing to die for, but I left feeling satisfied.

The restaurant was pretty dead and it was a beautiful morning so we decided to sit outside. The service was great and we had absolutely no issues. 

A nice choice if you are looking to try something new.
This is more like college eat-out where you just chill, chat up over some food and get a little tipsy.

Philly cheese steak is alright but their Spanish fries IS THE BOMB.

Just get some food, tonna fries and get drunk on their margaritas.

Will go back just for their Spanish fries!
Great little restaurant/bar. Went in on a weekday afternoon and had the Spanish fries and a chimichanga. All the food was great, definitely try the Spanish fries! My boyfriend ordered a cherry coke and it had cherry syrup and maraschino cherries in it, it was delicious. 

Portions were just right and everything tasted fresh. Ambience was what you would expect. Service was great. Note that for a table of two 18% gratuity was included though we didn't see it mentioned anywhere. Not a big deal since we usually tip more than that but I'm sure it catches some people off guard. Will definitely be back, and it's a place I'd bring friends if they were visiting from out of town.
Peter is my favorite bartender now ! I'm a lesbian and I definitely told him he was my boyfriend after making me an awesome margarita ! The food was good and he was very attentive.
Awful. It's my birthday, I'm craving burgers, so my lovely wife indulges me and we set sail for Copabana.

First, we were told there's a 20 minute wait. This is fine, we sit at the bar and order margaritas. The bartender is lovely and the drinks are good, but this only helps distract us for so long. Eventually 45 minutes have passed before we're seated. 

15 minutes at the table with no recognition. Finally a server takes pity (?) on us and takes our orders. She's confused when I order Tecate (had she seriously never heard of a major Mexican beer?) and instead steers me to a Corona. 

Here's the kicker after an already unpleasant experience. We had ordered burgers, mine was to be medium-well, my wife opted for medium. We waited 40 minutes only to be given burgers that were, at best, medium-rare. Both of our burgers were bleeding and soft in the middle. No server would acknowledge us even though we clearly were attempting to get somebody's attention.

No matter; it had been 2 hours at this point and I was over it. We promptly stood up and left, screw you Copa. We went up the block to Harvest where we had a wonderful experience and perfectly cooked burgers.

STAY AWAY.
A fairly subpar University City restaurant option.

The food here is pretty average but the drinks are certainly overpriced. I ordered a burger with Spanish fries. The burger was fine but the fries were stale and completely glued together... it was basically a lump of potato strips with some onions thrown on top to make them Spanish. 

My friend and I ordered 2 margaritas, each with only 1 shot. They charged us for a double shot for one of the drinks (a $15 difference!) and would not refund us because we already drank it -- the most they could do was offer a gift card.

My problems with this is that we would not have been able to tell the additional shot by taste and the gift card refund would force us to return to this establishment that we clearly aren't fans of. I would never pay $30 for 1 alcoholic beverage. This place is surely a ripoff
My buddy were searching for a place around campus for drinks, and stumbled across this place.  

First, its a pretty big bar and not too noisy. Granted, it was a Sunday night. They also have a large LCD screen for watching Sunday night football, which was nice. They also had a good selection of bars on draft, although I stuck with my usual choice of Yeungling.

I subtract one star as I found the bartender to be really slow in serving us. It took her a couple minutes to come over to our end of the bar, and acknowledge us.

However, it seems to be in a perfect location to the Penn Campus and I plan on checking it out again in the future.
Been here multiple times, and I've never had an issue. The most recent visit was for the end to a boozy day in the city. Pina coladas were on point, and even though they're from a machine, wayy more alcohol in them than the Margaritas in Center City that were more expensive. Shots are full sized, the waitress was attentive and kind, and the location is ideal for the area. 

Along with the drinks, and the rowdy weekday nights sometimes, I've also always loved the Spanish fries, which stick to the paper sometimes but there is so much extra cheese you can hardly notice! Come for half-priced burger and sandwich Wednesday for an early dinner, or any night of the week for half price quesadillas and drink specials. Will eat here again soon and try something new after all these years!
It seems like there are a lot of mixed reviews about Copabanana University City, but I really love the place.  I must admit though that part of the allure for me was its close proximity to my old house.  I like the decor, the mojitos are good, and the food I've tried was great.  And by "the food I've tried" I mean the chimichanga, which I order every time.  But then again, you can't really go wrong with a chimichanga.  Throw some stuff in a tortilla, wrap it, fry it, serve it.  Anyway, back to the review: there was also good music and a pretty diverse crowd every time I went so bonus star for that!
Best place to go if you want to be ignored!!! Came at 6:40 to squeeze in the last bit of happy hour. Sat at the bar and the bartender said he'd be right with us, then proceeded to fool around and clean his area for five minutes. So we decided to sit at a table for quicker service. What a mistake! Four waitresses walked past us avoiding eye contact while we waited. Finally at 6:55 I went up to the hostess to ask if there was a waitress that would come to us. With the biggest attitude she told me my waitress would come when I sit at my table, and pointed for me to go back. This place is an absolute joke and I will never be coming back.
Margaritas are strong & pretty tasty.  Prices are reasonable.

Server was friendly and helpful.

There's outside seating (on the sidewalk).  Easygoing vibe, good for hanging out with friends.  Nothing strikes me as special, but it's a solid place to chill.  I wouldn't mind coming back sometime if I'm in the area..
You know those people who like to celebrate their birthdays for like a whole month? Well, my sister is definitely in that same camp! I came here with her on the last weekend of her month-long celebration. We only ordered wings and drinks. I got the Copa Lemonade, she got the Patron Margarita. We were lit after the 1st drink!! Those drinks were strong and the wings (Jerk wings) were moderately spicy but so soo delicious. 

Our server informed us that they have karaoke during the week on Thursdays. The atmosphere seemed chill enough and it's far enough away from home to debut my singing chops without fear of being outed. I will be back.
Turns out this college spot isn't half bad...it's actually good. Happy hour prices are great and you get an ENTIRE shaker of margarita for $6. It's a GREAT deal. We were there to celebrate a friend's grad school accomplishment and Copa happened to be celebrating their anniversary. They had a 3 course menu for $15! And YES it's a college bar- hence the prices- but the food is good and you can't tell it's cheap. Next time the other science peeps recommend this place- I'm in!
Oh, the copa. I loved this place, but I think it's time for a break. 

Pros: Food is always really good (although the nachos are not quite as good as I always want them to be), margaritas are awesome, beers are pretty cheap, convenient location for me, outdoor seating is great, great happy hour deals. 

Cons: The service...every time.I think the average waiting time for my bill to come (even after asking for it) is 20 minutes. I've had such bad service the past few times, but the last time was the worst. I had a waiter who I had previously had and didn't particularly enjoy. I asked for sour cream when I ordered, again when he dropped the food off, and then again ten minutes later when he didn't bring it yet. I also had an entire cheeseburger, ketchup and fries dumped down my back by another waitress. I've had her before and she's actually the only waitress there that I have decent service from. She paid for my $5 happy hour food, but my pants were pretty much ruined. I wouldn't let that be a game changer for me since it was an accident, but I just think that the awesome margaritas aren't worth the headache of the service.
This was my first visit to the University City location, I'm a big fan of the Copa on South Street. I ordered a local microbrew, a veggie burger and their famous Spanish Fries. 

The food took a while to arrive but I wasn't in a rush. When the food arrived I had two bites, it seemed eddible but cold. I attempted to get my waiters attention for 15-20 minutes just to microwave the food (it's bar food and I'm really not picky) but he was busy attending to other tables. They were way understaffed, there were two servers and no bartender for the entire restaurant.  I overheard another table gripping about the delay.

I can't really comment on the food, it was too cold to eat.
When it comes to eating out, there's responsibility on both sides of the menu. For the restaurant, it is their responsibility to provide good service, a good environment, and of course, good food. For the dinner-goer, he or she must make their own judgment calls about what to order and why. I had it on good authority that these were some of the best margaritas in the city. I came ready to get my drank on. 

I made a mistake, though. I ordered a frozen margarita, which I later learned is made in a standard blender. It was the most bland margarita I've ever ordered. When you order it regular, non-frozen, you got 2-3 margarita's worth, in a big tumbler they leave at your table. Mine came in a small glass, with less alcohol and less drink than everyone around me. 

I'll be the first to admit: I made a giant mistake. However, I asked our waitress not once, but twice, if their frozen margaritas were good. She assured me they were delicious, but said it distractedly as she was saying something to another waiter, or as she was checking on another table. It was a busy Friday night, and I understand that she was covering a large section of the restaurant. Still, I wish that she had told me upfront how disappointing the frozen margs were: large chucks of ice not blended, watery. I felt like real sassy about it. 

The nachos we ordered were good, but sloppily made. Now, maybe I've been spoiled by El Vez and their black bean nachos, but for the price, they could have been made with a little more attention - and toppings, for that matter. I'll shoulder some of the responsibility with our poor experience at Copabanana, but I wish our waitress had taken more time to point us in the right direction. Also, if what I'm told about their regular margs is true then why does Copabanana even offer this unblended, icy chunk of disappointment?
So we went here after watching a movie at the Prince.  The place was crowded and very small.  Hard to get in and out of definitely.

I also remember the drinks being pretty darn small and weak.  Not like the other Copas. 

This used to be a Billabongs pool hall in my youth and I kinda wish it still was, that place was the ish.
Sorry to dissapointment the guest at this establishment. I came here one Saturday with one friend and got seated for a table of two...some other friends joined us, with a total of 6 people.The total bill came to 170$ with the request of a separate check. The separate check was denied. I then asked to speak to a manager. The manager Phil said they do not have to display a policy of separate checks available. This was very disappointing along with the managers sarcasm. This place is not recommended in the future. If you spend more than 50$ an 18% gratuity is added to each check. I wish I would have been aware of the non duplicate check policy due to The fact I was with a group of people that I barely knew. Even if it was family and I requested separate checks this still was convient. Although the server was very sympathetic the situation was not resolved. Choose somewhere else.
I've been to this place about four times now just because of it's proximity to the dental school but each time I go I tell myself I should never waste my money again, even if it is for half-price burgers on wednesdays, It's only a 2 min walk from the dental school so it's packed with students on wednesdays for this deal however its really a shame that they dont improve the quality of the food or the service. if they did this place could be something other than a ghost town on other days.. 

The buns are soggy and the burgers dry and overcooked. The one item on the menu I've tried that isn't half bad are the spanish fries but its nothing to write home about. The service is incredibly slow too even when it's not crowded.. and on top of that the servers are downright rude! I suppose they are angry about students giving cheap tips however maybe if they greet us with a smile or try and get us the bill back in a timely fashion so we're not late to class/clinic then wed be more generous.. so it goes.. 

I sincerely hope this place revamps itself because it's location could render it a goldmine!
A fairly disappointing University City restaurant option.

The food here is pretty average but the drinks are certainly overpriced. I ordered a burger with Spanish fries. The burger was fine but the fries were stale and completely glued together... it was basically a lump of potato strips with some onions thrown on top to make them Spanish. 

My friend and I ordered 2 margaritas, each with only 1 shot. They charged us for a double shot for one of the drinks (a $15 difference!) and would not refund us because we already drank it -- the most they could do was offer a gift card.

My problems with this is that we would not have been able to tell the additional shot by taste and the gift card refund would force us to return to this establishment that we clearly aren't fans of. I would never pay $30 for 1 alcoholic beverage. This place is surely a ripoff.
this place is a really great late night please I was very high and I had chicken quesadillas, chicken fingers and Spanish fries. I'm not sure whether it was absolutely amazing or if I was just really high.
Come here for the full college dive bar experience! Strong margaritas in large glasses, mediocre food, kind servers, and long bathroom lines (at least for the women's room). 

It's a quantity over quality kind of place, but come in knowing what to expect, and you won't be disappointed. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Terrible- avoid eating here! Very disappointed in how this place has been run in recent years. Staff messed up my order and billed me extra, then refused to correct it...twice. The manager is totally incompetent and frankly aggressive - instead of resolving the issue she blamed and yelled at the customer...She was also very incompetent and was inputting things incorrectly into the computer, so on the final bill the numbers did not add up...she also blatantly lied to us about not being able to do anything since she had been able to edit the bill just a second earlier...Copa has become extremely shady and dishonest, only interested in gaining a few extra dollars and uncaring about the customers.
Plus it's kind of sketchy at night...someone was shot ~a year ago at the restaurant. 
Not going back.
Another one of my favs in university city!! This location is much better than the one on South Street. It is clean and they have a large variety on their menu. Service is always on point and food is always fresh.
The half off Wednesday burgers make this worth it. It's $5 for a decently sized burger, which no one can ever complain for. On a usual day, it's alright - it's not the best burger I've had (especially for a restaurant), but it's decent. My favorite topping is the Charleston since I really like BBQ/caramelized onions, but I think this is a pretty standard topping.

I believe that the Mexican fries are decent. The fries are pretty good and fresh, but I'm not the biggest fan of Jalapeños so I think the fries are decent stand alone.
This establishment requires a credit in order to be seated outside.
If you have made a prior reservation.
I was with a guess, we both found this to be rule offensive. Being of a certain age, not a college student I couldn't believe it!
We decided this wasn't for us and we left.
As a University employee, and a resident of Philly for more than 20 years, I'm highly disappointed at what happened this evening. We chose Copa to celibrate my promotion. Reservations where made for 3 prior to arrival. I arrived and my manager arrived early and sat at the bar. The other party was running late because her children were sick. The hostess told me that they would hold our table but if the other party wasnt there at the time of seating our table would be given away. We didn't know if our third party was coming or not so we sat at our table with another gentleman who was at the bar we had met. Our third party shows up and the gentleman gave his seat to her and thats when the harassment and disrespect began. The hostess tells us that they cant allow our original third party to sit at our table although the gentlement went back to his seat at the  bar because she was now considered a walk in. I asked what would be the difference if our third party went to the bar and the gentleman remained sitting until he was ready to leave and then our third party came and occupied his seat. The hostess said, shes a walk in and its against the rules. So, we asked for a manager and Nicole the GM came out. We began to explain to her the situation and she was very RUDE and Dismissive and replied, We'll just DROP THE CHECK and walked away. She didnt even gives us enough respect to give us any eye contact. Never in all my years of patronizing COPA, was I ever treated with such disrespect. To add insult to injury, My manager overheard Nicole telling the staff not to serve us. We sat at that table for about a hour in disbelief. The University staff and faculty have been patronizing Copa for a very long time. We order take out all the time. But to endure such harsh treatment and to sit at a table being ignored by their staff was terrible, demeaning and embarassing. They were losing money being RUDE and dismissive and they didnt care under the directive of NICOLE. She's rude and couldve handle this situation better as well as professionally but some people are given these titles with ZERO customer service experience and respect for human beings. The entire time that we were there they lost money not serving us! I could see if we were  disrespectful and disruptive but that wasn't the case at all. Nicole is in the wrong profession, she needs to work in a prison and sign up for intensive Customer senstivity training because with her dismissive rude behavior, Copa will lose big contracts as well as repeat customers. We ended up going to the Landmark and  we spent over $300. I'm displeased at what happened this evening, and as long as Nicole is the GM, I will ensure that my coworkers, friends and family will Never patronize Copa again! As a African American woman we endure disrespect and discrimination on so many levels and tonight was an example of that!
Not really my type of place, seems kind of stale, lacking of personality.  It seems like the drinks are just out of the price range of undergrads.  But I've never been downstairs to the college lounge.  Once in while we might go to Copa after work, but really, why wouldn't you got to Local 44, City Tap, or New Deck instead?
The first thing I noticed about Copabanana is its limited space, so on a busy night you will have quite a wait. I went for brunch and dinner at Copa and both visits weren't bad. The food is decent for a meal after work or after a movie at the nearby Rave theater. 

Copa is known for their burgers and they live up to the positive reviews but can be over priced. For example, the burger comes minus fries and toppings, all of which are extra. So on top of the burger you will be charged $2 for french fries and between $1 & $2 for toppings including lettuce and tomatoes. That is a let down. Most restaurant/bars will at least include tomatoes and lettuce! Therefore, its best to come on Wednesdays when burgers are half off when you will pay a price more justified for the burger. 

My second visit to Copa was for brunch on Sunday, which runs from 11 to 3pm. I ordered steak and eggs and lemme tell you, it was a huge plate! Plus it came with toast. Sadly, the toast was as hard as a rock and could have easily knocked someone unconscious if used as a weapon. The next issue came on how I wanted my steak cooked. The waitress was very sweet and understood I wanted it medium, which means I wanted some "pink" in my NY strip. Then she said something...weird. Apparently the manager does not like customers requesting exactly how their meat should be cooked due to internal temperature. Basically, you can request your steak cooked one way but with stipulations. Great, so as a paying customer I probably won't get what I requested but why even give me a choice? Of course my steak ended up well done. Why? Also, the cook tends to over cook the meat. *sigh*

This isn't enough to turn me off Copabanana for good but I'll avoid the brunch and return Wednesdays for burgers.
Good value and location. The outdoor seating is excellent after 1 when the sun casts a shadow. There are no umbrellas. The reservation process is not easy, but manageable if you have open table. Kind of annoying to require a walk in customer to download an app and figure out the reservation. I have been told the waitstaff will do it for a customer, but that was not my experience. I like the juevos rancheros. And most of the wait staff. The one I had today was not five star. Hence the four stars.
My friend and I decided to stop at this brightly-colored bar during our lunch hour today. Upbeat Caribbean music was playing, the paint and decorations were colorful, and the windows were open to allow the newfound spring air inside. It was irresistible. 

We were seated quickly (outside and indoor seating are available) and received menus. The prices were a bit high ($6-7 for veg chili) but not out of the range of normal for the city. I ordered chocolate lava cake (recommended by the waitress), and my friend ordered a crab cake sandwich, declining a side of fries (which is apparently an extra $3-4 on top of the $11 sandwich). 

Over 40 minutes later, we still hadn't gotten our food, and our waitress was nowhere in sight. We really needed to head back to the office. As we were getting up to leave, the food arrived. As I looked at my cake surrounded by Reddi Whip, I realized that we were never provided with utensils or napkins. 

My cake was served hot and tasted ok but no better than a frozen dinner dessert. My friend's "crab cake" sandwich looked like a McDonald's Filet-O-Fish served on a small ciabatta  roll. The inside of the fish patty did not look, smell, or taste like crab. There was clearly no crab in this crab cake sandwich. To add insult to injury, the sandwich was not even warm. At this point, our main concern was getting back to work as soon as possible, so we quickly paid the bill and left. 

While it may look alluring from the outside, I wish I hadn't gone in. I will never be back.
Tldr: Copabana's half price burgers are still not enough incentive to go on Wednesdays. 

Food! Cause its the most important: A friend and I decided to try the half price burgers as we are on a quest for the best burger in university city and copabanana definitely doesn't even place!!! Where do I even start, the bun was hard dry and pretty tasteless. The toppings were sadly the best part: cheddar cheese and bacon... Impossible to make poorly. The burger was cooked to medium but just felt plain and not very flavorful. Luckily the fries were pretty good. 

Environment: the layout is actually pretty nice. There is outdoor seating if it's nice outside and a decent sized dining area inside. There are several tvs if you want to eat and watch some sports games.

Staff: our server got to us quickly and gave us burger topping suggestions which was good, but he also gave me the bill twice. =/ I don't know if he was trying to rush us or if he just forgot, but the bill was paid regardless.
This is one of my favorite places to visit when I am in the city on Wednesday, 1/2 price burgers out of this world taste, sit down with a Cold one served by good bartenders. Place is usually packed always but a little bit before lunch or a bit after you will get rite in. I think it's only till 4:00 so keep that in mind.
First things first, $7.99 for a half cup of guacamole (which wasn't very fresh) and stale, unsalted tortilla chips, is beyond unreasonable. 

The drinks are average...not very strong. If you are looking for a strong drink, go to their South Street location. I got the mojito because there was a half off special. Let's just say it should have been free. Not even tasty.

Our waitress was nice. That's about it. Don't think is worth the money. Go elsewhere!
This place is great!  The food is decently priced, and so are the drinks.  They have a good beer selection, and if you order a martini you'll get a tumbler large enough to refill your glass three times and with plenty of alcohol in it!  They have a decent vegetarian selection and also plenty of meat.  They're appetizers are real good too, and I recommend the Mexican Fries with Jalapeno peppers and onions!

The place is pretty busy and right in the heart of University City, so the only downside is that sometimes the service can be a little slower than you might want.
So before I came to this place I came on yelp to review it, and while the reviews were basically 50/50 I decided to give them a chance. First, it took us 45 minutes to finally get our appetizers. A guest in our party didn't get the correct order. She specifically asked for no tomatoes because of her allergies- she received tomatoes. When the waiter tried to bring the right order the chef still got it wrong. They brought out literally pita bread and lettuce- the meat was missing. Pissed, she wound up leaving the restaurant only to pick something up on the way home. On another note, me and my cousin ordered the jerk wings and each meal came out differently. My wings were coated in the jerk sauce while his wings were dry and the jerk sauce was in a puddle underneath them.  I ordered the peach double margarita. Although it didn't taste like peach (more like grapefruit), it poured 4 glasses and had a good amount of liquor. While, on the other hand, my cousin had a single strawberry margarita and said it tasted like syrup and didn't really have any liquor at all. We had a cool waiter I guess....there were more things that went wrong, but I really don't feel like typing anymore. I'm thinking the 2 stars says it all.
DOWNGRADE.

I like your house fries, I like your burgers, heck there's a lot I like about you.

I don't like your house salad anymore, it tastes like grass.
I don't like that your nachos are sparsely covered so I get a whole lot of that chips with no stuff on them deal.
I don't like waiting at a podium for 4 minutes before someone even acknowledges me to tell me I'll be waiting for them to be ready to serve me. 
I don't like trying drinks here. Quantity never trumps quality, folks. (But if you feel like it does, you'll love getting about 2.7 cocktails with your drink order.)
I came here for the "half-off burger" Wednesday deal! I got there pretty early, but by 12:30, the place got super packed pretty fast. 

My sister and I ordered the Beef Sirloin burger with the Monte Carlo topping (mushroom and cheddar) and another with the Yucatan topping (fried onion, jalapeño, and jack cheese). Personally, I was a little disappointed by their burgers. Maybe I came with too high of expectations...but I didn't enjoy the burgers as I had hoped. I felt as if they skimped out on the toppings. The burger was not very flavorful and it was kind of hard. Sadly, even the fries were a disappointment. 

However, I think the  1/2 half off deal is pretty nice! The fact that it runs from 11:30am-5pm gives a lot of time for people to make it! I've also heard a lot of good things about their $5 margaritas for Mexican Mondays, so I'm definitely giving this place another try for their solid deals!
So I'm over this place. Good food and drinks but when it comes to the bill it always says other than what was advertised. You'll have a hell of a headache with a party of 5 or more and try to split the bill. The manager is cool but the establishment itself needs some work. And so does the basement dining/bar area.
This is the second time that we've come here and it was great the first time... even better this second time. We got a three-course meal for just $25 and they were large portions!
Don't forget to try the buffalo shrimp appetizer it is surely to die for and spicy. The New York strip steak was thick, a large portion, juicy, and cooked to perfection. The Mahdi Mahi was very light and flavorful.
And finally the dessert was like a dream come true with the chocolate lava cake and Keylime pie!
I wasn't super impressed, but then again it is a campus area bar.

When I got there, the place was packed; there wasn't an empty seat in the house. But the crowd was pretty diverse in age from groups of college students to mid 40's adults.

About 1/2 an hour later, people started to clear out.  The service was slow though, since it took about 10 minutes to ask if I wanted anything at a 1/2 empty bar. Same with getting another drink; it took about the same amount of time before I realized I'd rather just leave than try to get their attention.

The music is pretty awesome, but it's not a dance type place. I've heard they have good happy hour specials, but I was so bored during the hour I was here, I probably won't be back.
I came here on Wednesday for the "half-off burgers" special (burgers are half price from 11:30am-5pm), since it's pretty popular on Penn's campus. The service was extremely slow, and it took us around 10 mins to get seated even though we were in the front of the line, and the place wasn't full. The hostess then didn't bring us menus, so I had to go ask for them.

We ordered burgers -- I ordered the turkey San Remo, and my friend, a chicken sandwich. Mine was satisfactory, a little on the bland side, but I could have added some hot sauce. A good deal for 3.50 though.

However, when the bill came, my friend's "chicken sandwich" (that was really a burger), was not half-price. The waitress told us that because it was a "sandwich" and not a burger, it wasn't half price. All of the "sandwiches" are in the burger section in the menu, and there's no indication that the special doesn't apply to them. The waitress told us that this was the way it was, and didn't make any effort to tell us that it was fine this time, which is common etiquette. It was 3 bucks, so I didn't make a fuss, but it was still annoying - obviously she would have ordered a "burger" if we had known there was even a difference.
2.5 stars.

I wandered in here tonight after getting lost and very, very wet. I stood at the hostess/Please wait to be seated table and no one bothered to make eye contact with me or acknowledged me. Went to the bathroom and came back. Again no acknowledgement until the bartender asked if I needed to be seated. I had the choice of a small table sanwiched right in the middle of a bunch of tables or the bar. I chose the bar.

I ordered a Paulaner and the Copa burger with Spanish fries. The Paulaner came pretty fast and was pretty tasty. It's always nice when you find a place that cleans their taplines. Too many places around here don't. The Copa burger and fries came out after a bit. The fries were smokin' hot so I ate a good portion of the burger first. The Copa burger comes with mild green chiles, Monterey Jack,  and bacon on it. The chiles were decent, as was the cheese and bacon. Unfortunately my burger, which I ordered medium well to hopefully get medium, was more like medium rare. Lots of pink and juices. I like a little juice but not that much. The fries were decent but I'm not sure they were "award winning". And how serving fries with little green chiles and fried onions counts as being Spanish, I don't know.

The service was ok, but not that great. It took a long time to get a second beer. It seemed like they were understaffed for how many people were there. That and/or I was getting ignored. 

I might come back again and see if this was just an off night. Right now I"m thinking it might be a place to get a beer and go somewhere else for dinner.
Please train your cook or get a new one. Third time now that i get take out and its all burned up. Went in the trash last 2 times and told the guy taking my order on the phone to please make sure food is not burned but nope, same story this time around as well
This place has the worst service west of the Schuylkill and east of the Mississippi. Don't waste your time or money.
I really love this place and I haven't quite figured out why...

The bathroom is usually pretty nasty, and slowly but surely they're replacing all the music on the jukebox with bland soft rock bands...

But above all this are two words that give me gastological goosebumps:

SPANISH FRIES

And if you've had them (with melted cheddar of course, not that greezy spray-on cheese) you'll know why they deserve all capitals and a separate paragraph...effin' amazing. jalapeno peppers, cooked onions, melted cheddar, and old bay...this much fried goodness should be one of the seven deadly sins...

On top of that the hurricanes and pink lemonades margaritas kick-ass (get a double, it's more like a triple...boo-yah!!), the pomegranate margarita is quite delctable as well, in fact its hard to go wrong with their flavored margaritas....on second thought stay away from the mango, it kinda reminds me of cough syrup with a lollipop left in it

They added a downstairs which helps with overflow, but lacks the bright open airiness of upstairs, and kind of feels like being on punishment when all of the cool (and early) people hog up the space by the upstairs bar. But fret not, the food is just as good and the drinks are never weak.

Flat screens that often show soccer, occasional live music, and a fun local crowd (especially on Monday) who refuse to let another neighborhood joint be bastardized by UPenn students (they can all have MarBar!), now it's all coming back to me why I love this place...
I went last night with a few friends and let me say I was impressed, not necessarily with the quality of the food (nothing wrong with it by any means) or the decor, but the servers: how they don't kill every 4th customer is beyond me. I heard tables on both sides of us giving the most ridiculous of complaints to our/their server. Both tables were demanding as hell and already said loudly to eachother that they weren't tipping because of x, y and z reasons, and then were dumbfounded that there's a gratuity on their bill (it says it in the menu, anything over $50) their server, smaller girl so with purple hair, carried upwards of 4 plates at once, explained the menu perfectly and had an eagle eye for every table in her section and dealt with ridiculous complaints like a true professional. Thumbs up and five stars to the staff, customers, learn how to be basic humans, or stay home.
It's been quite a while since I've done the college bar thing and quite frankly I wouldn't bother with a review because we've all been there (speaking of the environment) But my friend had a bday party in the private room downstairs. 

First I appreciated that because we were on a guest list I didn't have to pay a cover, get frisked or have my handbag rummaged through. I was however scared to death to descend the the very steep staircase that led to the private room teetering on my heels. I held the railing for dear life.

Once downstairs I have to say that I was sorely disappointed with the space. There was absolutely nothing special about it. Just a hodgepodge of tables and chairs, some random booth seats and a bar. No decor, nothing that gave you the specialness of being in a private space. Me and my party pal felt like we had just been shoved into someone's basement. 

Also I was so damn hot I couldn't stay down there. Unlike upstairs where the parameters are all open windows, the basement was cave like. My gf and I made our way back up stairs and nabbed two seats at the bar where we remained for the rest of the night.   Yikes Copa, you can do better.
Great happy hour specials on margaritas! Yum.
Sunday family lunch was good.  Friend recommended fish and chips. She said the fish was thick, good pieces and not too greasy in her book, that's a big yes. Kid really like his Philly cheese steak. Nice atmosphere. Good prices.
There are specials at certain times on different days if the week. Sunday late afternoon was half full. Nice people good family atmosphere. 

So... What irks me is our server is slow and lazy. She has been hanging out behind the bar most of the time flirting big time with the bartender. Obvious she likes him a lot. Only problem is she clearly wants to do the bare minimum, and even though our six top has finished our waters and teas lots of empty glasses- she was clearly not interested in walking 20 feet to refill glasses. Any bad service is a peeve for me. I have worked all sorts of restaurant jobs as manager, bartender, and server. I just expect a little effort. And this server seemed irritated if anyone asked for 1 refill. And after we were all finished, it took her about twenty minutes to stop flirting with the bartender, and bring the bill. Took so long I wrote this review while watching her do nothing and waiting.
There would have been FIVE stars, but the waitress was unable to split the check 4 ways.
The food was a good portion for the price paid.

The music wasn't too loud.  
The last time I was in there the music was new and the staff wasn't born yet. :-)
Been here numerous times for their burgers. I can't figure out why people rave about them, because they're just acceptable (and incredibly overpriced on non-Wednesdays).

The meat is in fact delicious and juicy, and they can cook your burger however you like. So what's the problem? Now I'm no burger doctor, but I think their problem is with their buns and toppings. The buns are oversized pillows and they sort of conquer the poor patty instead of complementing the meat flavor. Toppings are added as an afterthought, always lacking in quantity and flavor. In fact many times I've considered going for no topping at all. Or going somewhere else entirely, like Chipotle.

Service and seating are decent, they gets you in and out the door fairly quickly. Tip: Make a reservation if you've got a large party for Wednesday lunch.
Ok food and service, can be hit or miss depending on the night. Menu is pretty big and not all Mexican food. Ok drink deals.
Set up = good
Food = decent
Service = EXCELLENT!!

Angie was fantastic, attentive and kinda cute.

While I had been here many times, this visit compelled me to write a review.
Check this spot out for an afternoon meal!!
The food is okay and only acceptable on Wednesdays (half priced burgers). Sometimes it makes me sick, not gonna lie (especially if I try to work out within 24 hours of eating it).
Try to eat outside if its nice. Sometimes if its busy you get shoved into the basement with no windows and the servers forget you're down there so you pretty much run out of water. 
I've had the nachos, they were pretty average. The buffalo burger was pretty good though.
Love copa. South street location is better than 40th street if you ask me but still it's a good time. Love the margaritas and Spanish fries are my favorite. For quick eats and good drinks, copa is a safe bet.
I hate this Copa's with a passion. I LOVE Copa's South St., but this place is the worst! I've been here at least 4 times and have never had a good encounter. The staff is consistently rude and slow, and the food is not as good as their South St. location.
I've been in here a few times and had mediocre service and food, but nothing worth getting on Yelp to complain about. 

That changed today.

I was craving some guacamole and decided to do delivery from here because I couldn't think of a better option. Bad decision. Not only did I pay nearly $7 for a tiny bit of guac and some chips, but the quesadilla that I also got was a mess. They clearly don't give a crap about the quality of the delivery. The whole thing was piled into a corner of the to-go container. I couldn't even separate out the pieces and just had to take a knife and fork to the mess. It wasn't even that good. $20 for a tiny bit of guac and a crappy destroyed chicken quesadilla. Never again.
Literally the worst experiences of my life. Went there twice, got turned away for my REAL ID. Worst establishment in Philly.
Food is alright. Typical bar food, nothing really special. Not a huge fan of their nachos but the potato skins are quite good. The place can get very rowdy and crowded so for a fun night out it is perfect. But if you are looking to have a nice dinner this is not the place. The margaritas are so-so. Sometimes they are way too strong and other times too sweet. Also drinks can get very expensive if it is not happy hour. Also the service is not that great but also not terrible.  Overall, pretty mediocre place but can be fun with the right crowd.
Copa University City could not possibly overdo the Day of the Dead theme more than it already does.  WIth skeletons, mardi gras beads and various other paraphernaila hanging from the ceiling, it's a toss-up between whether it's kitschy-cool or just tacky.  During the day, when there are no Penn students (and in fact nobody else) there, it might pass for kitschy cool.  The bar is actually really nice--super long, solid and shiny.  It's darkly lit and divey in a saloon kind of way.  But then night rolls around and the douchebag factor is intolerable.

Reasons to go: good happy hour discounts, cheap margaritas.
The margaritas are really strong and come in delicious flavors--plus there are always specials and happy hours if you want to get plain drinks for $5! I do enjoy coming here as a laid back, gritty sort of catching up with friends occasion---and the burgers are a great deal on Wednesdays! Everything is always so greasy though: great for an all-out, drinks and gross food type of mood, but generally not the best place to go if you want real food. The servers vary in their politeness, ranging from polite and kind to snarky and "whatever" attitude. To balance out the greasiness, sometimes I get the black bean or veggie burger, always with added Atlantic City topping (lettuce tomato onion and cheese) for a dollar, and don't order fries (although I usually am tempted to steal a friend's). Do not order nachos; they are soggy, overfilled with sour cheese and other greasy mess, and are heated probably in the microwave.
Ridiculous. Took 65 minutes to get food. Yes, kitchen backups happen, but well after the dinner rush? Nope. When we finally did get our food, the vegetarian among us was served beef tacos in place of black bean tacos. Also not acceptable.
Got take out last night. This copa is so clean ! Service was fast and friendly . Food was awesome- burger was among the best, fajita salad was great- chicken done right, fresh greens  and guac was fresh and delicious . Of course the Spanish fries were awesome too . Great quick reasonably priced meal, nice menu selection , something for everyone . Will def be back to this location
Service can sometimes be slow, even at off-hours, but the margaritas and fajitas are terrific; both are consistently good! Nice to see that the daily specials and happy hour specials are the same size as their full price versions, so those really are good deals.
Copa has great lunch time deals, $5 Mexican Monday lunches.. half price burgers on Wednesdays, etc.. The people who work here are very friendly, and they have a lot of TVs which always have sports on.  I have only come here during lunch, so I can't speak to the rest of the day, but the lunch deals are awesome and the staff is very nice!
Copa is great if you want to chill, hang out with friends, and get a little bit tipsy. 

Their margaritas are really good. It's three margaritas in one price, making it a great value. If you're on the sweeter side, go for the prickled pear marg. If you like it with a kick, go classic and choose your favorite tequila (they have a good selection). Their classic margs are also $5 on Mondays from noon to 7. 

Their food is greasy and overloaded, but that's exactly what you come to Copa for. Everyone knows Wednesday means half-off all burgers. Favorite is the Toluca because it has chorizo and Chihuaha cheese. If you're attempting to be healthier, their black bean option is good. If you order a burger, be hungry because these bad boys will fill you up. If you're looking to share, the primo nachos may be right up your alley. Sour cream, avocado, cheese, pico de gallo - the dream team. Add some meat for an extra dollar and you've yourself a hefty meal. Of course, it's unhealthy - it's fake Mexican food.

It gets busy from Thursday to Saturday (although Saturday is surprisingly the most tame of the days). The restaurant gets a good mix of both student and local area clientele. Copa Underground, a strange club that Copa runs underground (hence the name) also keeps the place poppin' on weekends. 

Bottom line: Come for overly filling food and margs. Look out for food and drink specials; they're usually worth it.
I went last Friday night. Typically places in UCity I don't bother with until the college students go on break. So I snuck in for a margarita and something with beans...I know bad combo. Any who, way too much ice in my shaker ,which. They do bring to the table. I scooped out the ice with my fork, guess what! To be kind it was 1/3 full. Where was the 1800 tequila I paid for? Idk....but the sip I did have was tasty. 
I'm vegetarian so I went for the black bean tacos...beans were bland. Which is disrespectful to Goya. I bought an appetizer, some foolishness called bubble bread. Don't get caught up in the alliteration like I did. It's garlic bread with some shredded parmesan on it. If that's what you want, go for it, but it tasted like frozen bread that was popped in a toaster oven. 
Otherwise...the server was kind. 
This place is designed for college students. They will eat and drink anything. 
In closing...Copa = Tom Foolery
2 stars cause at least they bring the booze to you fast. Only waited 3 minutes for my drink.
Went here once, late on a Friday night. A large woman sitting at the bar started puking up blue vomit onto the bar and her body.  Her friends walked her outside to sit half-conscious on a chair outside the door, while they continued partying inside.  

While the event killed my appetite and sobered my drunken stupor, I can't say I'm never going back.  Open late, cheap eats, a diverse and lively mix of Penn students and West Philly clientele.   

Just make sure to go with friends you trust.
I placed an order on GrubHub, which I do regularly, and I listed an alternate phone number under "special instructions". They obviously didn't read the instructions because I had to call an hour after I placed the order to ask what was going on and they said the delivery guy knocked for '15 minutes'. Knocking on an apartment building door isn't going to get anyone's attention, especially when a phone number is listed. I'll order from somewhere else for my late night munchies.
Your impression of Copa is highly dependent on what time and day you go.  I DJ there most Fridays but have also done Wednesdays, Thursdays & Saturdays and have gone there as a guest.  Fridays & Saturdays are primarily locals and quite gangsta.  Wednesday nights are college nights with cheap pitchers and lots of annoying college girls and boys.

I've become friends with lots of the servers there who are AWESOME people and hilarious.  Thing is, most are really busy and you'd have to catch them on a slow night to know that.

Food is EXCELLENT and the kitchen's clean.  Tyrone, the chef and barback, is one of my favorite people in the world and you are a lucky person if you get to see him dancing!
It makes sense that this establishment has three stars. Last Saturday evening I found myself at Copas because a friend was DJing a private party in their downstairs space. After patronizing the upstairs bar for margaritas and Spanish fries, both of which were underwhelming, we traveled downstairs and sat behind the DJ booth in a semi-private space where a table and chairs were arranged. During this time, a waiter walked through, observed us and continued. Soon after, another man (whom I later learned was the manager) came through the door and the first words out of his mouth were, "I don't know what you guys are doing back here but you can't be here." At the point at which you haven't offered a greeting, or thank you for patronizing, you have made it clear that you don't value your customers. His rudeness and abrasive energy continued. I will not be returning, nor will I recommend that any friends patronize this establishment.
Copa has become our post-exam hang out and chill lunch spot! Especially on Wednesdays when burgers are half-off  Not eating beef always makes me nervous on burger days, but they had a wide selection of non-beef burgers! 

I ordered the turkey burger with Monte Carlo gourmet burger toppings (mushroom and cheddar yummmm). The turkey was overcooked and quite dry... the waitress also mixed up my fries order with my friend's but it wasn't a huge deal. We were a party of 8 so we were seated in the back corner. We ordered a pitcher of sangria (which I can't find on their online menu actually...) and it wasn't that strong... but it was sweet and was similar to a strawberry daiquiri if that's what you're looking for. I really enjoy sweet alcohol so it was fine for me. 

Personally, I don't think I'd come to Copa on my own if not for their specials/deals (price) or if my friends decided to go (good location/convenience). When the weather is nice out, they have outdoor tables and open their windows so the ambience is very casual and chill which I like a lot.
The servers are friendly, the food is tasty, and they have magner's cider. I usually try and make it out on Thursday nights to catch Jim and Shakey play the blues. If you dig on blues, you should really try and catch these guys. Jim Trainer and Shakey Lyman are really great. They mostly play straight up blues, but they do some Tom Waits, Dylan, and Johnny Cash covers.

-----Update-----

I switched this from 4 to 3 stars, because to my understanding there was a hiatus of Jim and Shakey playing, Not quite sure what the deal with the management was, but haven't been back since. I'm sure its alright for drinks, but thats not why I went.
Good food, Spanish fries are a better choice over regular fries especially if you can handle spice. Great drinks that are not watered down.
Affordable and deliciously binge-y.

I had a $25 off $35 dollars GC from restaurant.com and so without buying alcohol, we could have brought someone along. Dishes  were about 7-16 dollars, heaping appetizers up to 9. YOU WILL SEE SOMEONE ORDER SOME FANTASTIC LOOKING FRIES OR NACHOS... THEY ARE AS GOOD AS THEY LOOK. They're heaped with pretty much everything ever on them, from old bay to cheddar, fried onions, peppers, salsa, other spanish whimsy.... An awesome appetizer that will cause doggy bagging off your entree.

You can go fancy or go sandwich here, all is yummy.

Wait staff is pretty nice and they have good recommendations.

Now, they have lots of interesting alcoholic beverages. In happy hour, I'm sure they're a great deal. We shared a shaker of watermelon margarita at regular price and didn't finish it between us, though it was 8.50 I think, because it tasted like the watermelon was spoiled. :-/
But that's just because we tried to be crazy. I'm sure normal margaritas are wonderfully nommy, ours was still good except for the aftertaste. We didn't try to send it back.

Anyway, it's a nice casual atmosphere, tables near a bar, moderate lighting. We spent 13 dollars on our 35 dollar bill with GC (well, plus tip), and took home an extra dish for the next day. Yummy, extremelyyyy filling :)
I think this place is underrated. I've tried a veggie soft tacos dish, the molten chocolate lava cake, and a side of mac & cheese and I was impressed with all dishes. Prices are low and portion sizes are big, and so it's a perfect spot to hit up in University City! 

Definitely want to take more advantage of the deals (like half priced burgers) so will be doing that in the upcoming months or so.
Someone told me this place had the best burgers in Philly. Apparently, Copabanana also shares this opinion about itself, based on its advertisements. Curious, I decided to give it a try, ordering a burger, Spanish fries, and a peach margarita. 

Like some other reviewers, I am also intrigued by the burgers. Although I ordered mine medium rare, my burger came out gray in the center instead of pink. They had literally cooked the **** out of it. No wonder it took 45 minutes for the food to arrive. It was like a piece of cement, sandwiched between two pieces of crumbly, stale buns. 

Onto the fries... This may be a matter of subjective taste, but I tend to prefer my fries crispy instead of soggy and oily. These so-called "Famous Spanish Fries" were basically a chewy mass of under-cooked soggy potatoes topped with melted cheese, peppers, and onion. Yummy. 

However... my peach margarita was awesome (hence, the two stars instead of zero, if that were possible). It was pricier than a margarita one would get at fancier restaurants, but if you live a block away and have a sudden/urgent margarita craving, this place will not disappoint. Just stay away from the food.
Plenty of happy hour deals every weekday! It's the perfect college/young adult bar. The drinks are strong/large enough to get you going without having to break your bank. The food I've had (quesadilla and nachos) were meh but let's be honest, who goes to happy hour to have a gourmet meal? At least the fajitas were a ton of food for only $10. Go for the happy hours, the specials change for every day to keep things fun.
The ambience (the decor, the cross ventillating windows, and the Latino music playing) is truly tropical, BUT....the quality of food and service sucks. This place had a lot of potential to make it big as one of the very few caribbean themed restaurants in Philly, only if they didn't serve fish fillets as crab cakes (Yes, they did that!), or they didn't serve desserts out of the frozen section of the refrigerator, or they atleast had the decency to provide cutlery and napkins (hello, my dress might not be the best place to rub the sauce off my face).

Also, waiting 40 mins for food to be served during weekday lunch hours is not a great proposition for most people, when there were hardly 5 other guests in the restaurant!
I was in town visiting a friend and she recommended this place, she went to Penn university for the last several years and lives in university city, this is one of her go to spots. It has good atmosphere and has indoor or outdoor seating. The menu is American Mexican food. The staff were very friendly. I ordered their house salad with grilled chicken and my friend ordered her go to meal of chicken tenders with Mac n cheese. We also ordered drinks she got a blue margarita with a sugar rim which she said was delicious. I had a mojito, which was basic but tasted good. The salad I ordered came with a lime vinaigrette that was amazing. My friend liked her meal as she orders the same thing every time she comes. This is a cool spot to hang out at in a college town. If you're in the area and need a spot to chill and have some drinks this is a great spot to stop at.
I have been eating/drinking pretty regularly at C for about a year. Service and quality of food has been going steadily downhill. 
Why are the nachos SO SWEET? The service sloppy and bad? I'd like to return, but I don't want to be continually disappointed.
While our server was friendly, it took an exceptionally long time to receive our food. Also, someone in my group was served an enchilada with onions despite explicitly saying *no onions*. Utensils and napkins also weren't brought out until we were halfway through eating. The food was quite mediocre, definitely not worth the cost.

I understand mistakes happen, but this was overall a very poor experience. I won't be back.
Wednesday lunches are the best. You can't go wrong with delicious, half-priced, half-pound burgers. Can get very crowded though, so be prepared to wait a bit for your food.
Three words: Happy Hour Margaritas. It's strong and inexpensive. Skip the mediocre food--all you need is a margarita (or two)!
This place is pretty average.  It's close to work so we stop by here somewhat frequently.

On my most recent visit I ordered off the $5 mexican monday menu.  Now, for the price it was a total steal.  I got a grilled chicken salad.  The chicken to salad ratio was pretty bad, like I couldn't get to the salad part without eating half an entire chicken first.  For some this is probably a positive, but I prefer the leafy greens. Everything was okay.  Nothing was really memorable- EXCEPT my fellow diner ordered fajitas and they brought the sizzling plate out and lit it on fire in front of her.  Neither of us were expecting this and we died laughing.  She enjoyed her meal.  It was extremely large.  

The service here is good.  

Would I go here all the time?  Nah.  But a few times a year it can be okay.
Their food is really good. The service is great also. They are open and close at a very reasonable time. The food and drinks are low at cost.
It is what it is... and you get what you pay for

At first I thought I was going to hate it. It took us something like 5 minutes to get any service and it's not like it was busy. I counted 8 total staff members walking around, doing a whole lot of nothing. But hey what are you gonna do when they're mostly all college students..

Wednesday Special: 1/2 off burgers -- making most of them $3.50 a piece. Worth it? WORTH IT. I mean burgers is something that's hard to make wrong. And for 3.50, it is well worth it. Toppings of cheddar/bacon are only 99 cents on top, so I'm a fan.

Spanish fries: are spicy, but good. In all honesty it's just frozen fries + canned jalapenos + onions. They're good, but nothing special :p 

Margaritas : something like $8.25 during non happy hour. But they give you the whole shaker, and it poured me a total of 3-4 margaritas, so I can't complain. They're not THAT strong though, really sugary. 

I'd be back, strictly on a Wednesday if I was in the area craving burgers. There are no other reasons to ever go there
