After a long day visiting Tut, I needed something good and fresh for a really late lunch.  I opted for the combo, I got an Uptown Turkey sandwich (hickory smoked turkey, apple wood smoked bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomatoes & mayo on whole grain harvest toast, plus a cup of really yummy loaded baked potato soup garnished with green onion and chopped tomato.  Their food is super delicious and incredibly yummy.  And they have the best sweet tea.  I would have had a dessert, but I would have spent like a half hour trying to decide wish piece of yummy goodness to buy.

I loved this place, you will too!  Just a word of warning, they are closed on Saturdays and Sundays and on weekdays, they close at 4:00 pm.
Meh.  I had the Cobb Salad here and substituted "roasted Shrimp" for turkey which proved to be a pricey and needless mistake.  The Shrimp were over cooked and rubbery.

The salad itself would have been just fine (Next time, IF there is a next time sticking to Turkey - I pray it is not dry.)

Avocado Ranch on the side was tasty.

$13 salad.  Blargh.

Oh - one bright spot - Service at the front counter from Natalie (sp?) was great and she ubbly, sassy, smiling personality.  They kind lady (Keysha?) who brought us our dine-in order was great, too.

They get packed during the lunch rush - location, location, location.
Six of us made plans to meet and eat at the Corner Bakery Cafe, and when we arrived to park our scooters there was a Corner Bakery Cafe delivery vehicle taking up all six motorcycle and scooter parking spots.  We waited and waited for the vehicle to be moved and nobody ever did.  Then, one of the locals in the area told us that the Corner Bakery Cafe delivery truck ALWAYS parks illegally in MC/scooter only parking.  We then spent an hour trying to park in center city but realized that most of them were already taken up by cars or SUVs or other MCs or scooters.  WE ended up going to eat and drink at Gunner's Run in Northern Liberties instead.  No parking hassle there at all.
I usually end up here after aimlessly walking around looking for something tasty and can't make up my mind. It's not bad really, but nothing to go out of your way for. I'm pretty disappointed by their soups overall. Their chicken pomodoro panini is good but I usually feel gross full after eating it, which is never fun at work. Dispite that, I somehow end up here once a month.
I admit, I default to this place when I can't think of anything else to eat, but it's only because they take credit cards and they're less than a block away from work...

This is a VERY busy lunch destination, and they have table service, but that means you stand in line at a register to order and pay for food and then try to find an open table with your little number and wait for someone to find you with your food.  Getting a table is so much easier now that they've expanded into another store front next door, so the army re-con vibe of table-finding is now pretty much extinguished.  

I must stress that the food runners are very nice, but they only bring you your food.  I've seen WAY too many older women yelling at the runners to bring them silverware, etc.  The silverware (it really is metal) is next to the soda fountain and various stations around the restaurant and it's self-serve.

The food here is meh...pretty tasteless, but not bad.  I recommend their panini over anything else as I've found heating makes them taste more like something.  The soups are really good.  The deserts and pastries are AWESOME, but really expensive.  A lady behind me in line the other commented on the fact that a 2"square brownie costs $2.29.  A whole bundt cake can go for as much as $30, which, while cheaper than bakeries, isn't really as good as the bakery's.

I definitely recommend their catering services.  They are reasonable, satisfy most dietary restrictions, and they are ON TIME with their deliveries.  Plus, if works is paying for it, go for their crazy dream bars or the maple pecan bars.  You'll thank me for it.
i stepped into the corner bakery today for something quick since i had a meeting and was a little early. All i ordered was a croissant.  The girl at the register asked if i wanted it warmed up and i replied yes. After paying she handed me a little card to display at my table for someone to deliver my croissant to me.  I sat down around the corner and waited. and waited..... and then waited some more. surely it doesn't take almost 10 minutes just to warm up a croissant and then for someone to bring it to me. I got up and walked toward the kitchen and guess what... there's my croissant. Just sitting in its plate.. all sad and alone... for how long? who knows... waiting for someone to take him to his final destination. I asked "excuse me... i believe thats my croissant." The reply i got from the gentleman behind the counter was "oh it is? well then take it." um... ok. sure. 

how hard can it be to buy a croissant at the Corner Bakery? clearly for them its a difficult task.
This place is A LOT like Cosi (by a lot  I mean only the names have been changed to protect the innocent a lot...) - only their bread is not flat, instead comes in normal little roll form. 

It is neither anything super special or so terrible you cannot swallow. 

I like that it makes me think I am eating better or healthier because I get their salads but I am sure the dressings more than make up for any nutrition I might be getting out of the greens.
If you want the best salad, go to Corner Bakery!  It is reasonably priced.

You order, get a number, sit and wait for the runner to bring your food.  Be sure you grab your utensils though when you get your beverage.  It gets very busy at lunch, so get there early to guarantee a table.  Also outdoor dining in the summer months.

The menu offers so much, but I must admit that I have only eaten salads there.
Went here for lunch today around 12:30.  It was busy, as expected.  The food was pretty good, but the service was horrendous.  The associate that took my order was not happy to be there.  She mumbled the entire time I spoke with her and even when I said "excuse me?", clearly unable to hear her, she continued to stare blankly at me and made no attempt to speak up.  

One of my lunchmates waited over 25 minutes for her soup and half sandwich, so as anyone would do, she went to check on her order.  The employee she asked said "I'm so overwhelmed right now, that I don't know what to do!" and stormed off.  That kind of response is completely unwarranted, especially directed at a customer.  Completely inappropriate and unprofessional.

If you do come here, avoid the lunch rush.  I won't be returning.
The delicious sandwiches and salads, friendly staff, and outdoor seating win my vote. Dining at Corner Bakery for lunch is always a treat. 

I go with their salad-and-sandwich combo. The mixed greens salad is excellent, and my favorite sandwich is the turkey on pretzel bread - SUPER YUM. The mustard-mayo is light enough to really give sandwich some "kick" but not overwhelm the customer. (I'm not typically a mustard or mayo fan in the first place.)

Service is quick but the staff never make you feel rushed, and prices are fair. (I think a soup/salad combo runs close to around $8?)
My fear of being late leads me to always being very early for everything. I had an interview nearby and it was snowing outside and I had time to kill. I saw the Corner Bakery and headed on in.  It's got the fast/casual set up where you order at the counter and can pick up some items immediately and others get brought to your table.

I usually don't eat breakfast, but I can do a light pastry or fruit. I ordered a croissant and a water. The cashier was very welcoming and polite. I got the croissant right away on a real plate (no paper/plastic) and a cup for my water. It was crowded, but the space was pretty big so finding a seat wasn't an issue. The dining area looked clean as well. 

The croissant had nice flakey layers on the outside and was moist inside. I honestly wasn't expecting much, but it was really good!  People's prepared food at nearby tables looked appetizing. If I hadn't been so nervous about my interview and it wasn't so early, I would have ordered more! 

I would like to go back and try some of the menu items. This seems like a nice breakfast/lunch spot.
Work time lunch place, always packed from 11 am to 2pm weekdays.  Proximity, size and location surely dictates why the suits are always populating this chain place.  It sure can't be for the outstanding food or the kitchen that works at a glacial pace.

Like anyone who works in this area of the city, Corner Bakery, like Cosi, is a lazy no-brainer option to grab lunch if you've got the tenacity to wait 10-20 minutes for a to-go order.   I try not to make a habit of it so I go there once or twice a month.  Soups and salads are the way to go, just make sure they do the dressing on the side as they like to drown 'em.  Also, don't expect that you're doing some healthy eatin' either, a quick inspection of the nutrition information makes you go into instant cardiac arrest.

The question that I always ask myself is that why does the food come quicker when you're eating-in? Doesn't an "order to-go" receive priority? If you're just plating pre-made salads shouldn't it take a couple minutes tops?  Also, and more importantly, why do I keep coming back here? AND... If a tree falls in the woods and no one's there to hear it does it make a sound?
My office gets bagels from here for breakfast and they're not great, but the muffins and pastries are pretty good. I came here for lunch though and I had pretty low expectations. I wasn't expecting a place with "bakery" in the name to have good lunch. 

I got Mac n cheese and a bread bowl with soup and it was so good! Would definitely recommend. It was a lot of food too!

This location has a whole side location with tons of tables. 

I really enjoyed my lunch here.
The best things that this Corner Bakery has going for it is that it is the only Corner Bakery in Center City, and it has the standard drink fountains that all Corner Bakery locations have.

And then there are a few notable problems with this location.

Breakfast is minimal. Do not come here expecting to have the full Corner Bakery breakfast menu, such as hot cakes. The limited menu aside, the food you get otherwise is standard decent Corner Bakery fare.

The staff give you minimal service. It just always feels like they could care less about anything besides taking your orders and getting your food out of their hair. 

The hours are very limited: it closes by 2pm on weekends and by 6pm on weekdays. You can't have a relaxing evening meal in this nice, cozy place.

It's great to have a Corner Bakery in Center City; it just misses its own opportunities.
This place reminds me of Panera Bread.  In fact, I would have believed it if someone blindfolded me and led me into the store (haha).  

I ordered a half panini and soup combination.  My panini was hit the spot (got the veggie one with roasted zucchini and melted cheese yumm).  The broccoli cheddar soup was creamy and rich, just the way I like it. Unfortunately the bread bowl itself was sour and stale at the same time (yuck).

They gave me a number to place on the table and brought the food to me.  They also cleared the table for me when I was done, which was unexpected and nice.
I just don't know WHY so many people in opur office love this place?  They rave about the ham on pretzel bread (MEH).  They rave about the salads (MEH).

They even rave about the Cinnamon cream cake - and while it does taste awesome - a "serving" is over 1100 calories.

No thanks.

I'll walk across the Street to the snob-cast center instead for some local (NOT!) goodies from La Scala.

It's OK - but it's just MEH.
My husband asks me to come in with him for a quick coffee and a bagel to take to work- sure, I'll try it. Never been there before. When the cashier says "next", we both step up- my husband orders first. Without even looking at me (who is standing right next to my husband), the cashier gives my husband his total. Um...hi? I'd like to order too. Cashier apologies, I ask for a toasted everything bagel with cream cheese. He repeats back to me "toasted everything bagel with cream cheese". I pay for "toasted everything with cream cheese". I get to my office, open the bag...there's a whole lot of napkins, a fork/knife/salt/pepper sachet, and my bagel...with no cream cheese. None in the bag either. 

So, thanks for the knife to spread my non-existant cream cheese. This may seem like a little hiccup, but with so many other places to grab a cup of coffee and a bagel, forgetting 1/2 of the bagel is enough to make me not go back there. If they can screw up a bagel when there's only a handful of people in the place, I don't have high hopes for anything else they do.
We ate here when there was a St. Patrick's Day parade so they were only offering a limited menu. The cafe wasn't busy, but tables were still left with trash on them and the bathroom is a pretty abhorrent site to behold. Since it was limited menu, my fiend and I both ordered the apple chicken sausage wrap. It was good, nothing fanciful. 

There was also some disconnect with the cashier. She forgot to give me the number to put on the table and my receipt and she just walked away. She seemed kind of spaced out but eventually after trying to figure out wheremy number/receipt actually were I still got all my food. She also apparently placed my coffee cup on the counter but I didn't see her do that. It would have been nice if she had told me.
Corner Bakery is across the street from my office building, so it's naturally become a part of my midday noshing rotation. It isn't bad or amazing, just in-between, predictable, just fine for lunch. 

The bad: coffee isn't great; turkey sandwich on pretzel with caraway studded Havarti just had a bad flavor because of the caraway overload; baked goods - ehh, just not worth it to me.

The good: my go-to is the Asian Wonton Salad, which is pretty tasty and high quality with roasted chicken, edamame, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers, red bell peppers, carrots, green onions, cilantro, and crispy wontons with mixed greens, napa cabbage, and ginger soy dressing.

It's usually pretty chaotic and busy in here, and sometimes their order-then-wait-until-your-number-is-called system can get crazy and confusing, but I've never had a problem getting the correct order.
MMMM child, lunch is gonna get beeeetttterr. MMM child things will get brighter.....

Cheesey, yes. But this is how I feel when I move into my new office to discover this is in walking distance. Because we don't have a Panera, Corner Bakery is my next favorite lunch spot.

They have an oatmeal bar for breakfast (all of the magnificent Cereality-esce toppings are free). Their soups and sides are perfect for a light lunch, and their sandwiches are real and something you'd actually want to eat. (Saladworks, die a horribly slow death.)


This is owned by Maggiano's so you know you are getting really good food.


HIT: Get the Chicken Pesto sandwich, a crumb cake and an iced tea and you will love Monday's again.
whatever happened to customer service?  the staff here blows.  they are all teenagers, and it alarms me how bitter they already seem to be with the world.  you are young!!!  

the corner bakery is another offender - order a bagel with butter, and you'll get it unprepared.  meaning, you have to go over to their little counter, cut up ice-cold butter more solid than the flimsy knife you're trying to use, have your bag slip from your shoulder in the process and its weight takes out the stack of napkins and pile of utensils next to you, while trying to resituate yourself your scarf falls on the bagel, and meanwhile, other customers are heaving sighs and rolling their eyes because they want to use the tiny space to sweeten their coffees.  f-y'all - i'm forever more going to buy bagels from my local bakery, and make them at home where it's not a struggle against society.  so done with the corner bakery and its snooty high schoolers.
Although the food is great, i had a bad experience there this weekend and will never step food inside again.

I visited this CB location around 1pm. My friend ran inside to pick up our food. She accidentally left her brand new iphone on the counter. About an hour later (maybe less) we realized it was missing. The good thing about technology is that the "find my iphone" app, told us that the phone was still at the store. We called the store to speak to the manager; the store was closed, the manager said she looked around and asked the staff and nobody saw the phone. While still looking at this app on another phone, we're trying to tell the manager there, somebody has the phone and we were coming to get it. She advised us to call the authorities, which we did. On the journey back to the store, while still tracking with the app, the phone 'mysteriously' moved on the app, outside and then was back inside the store. Upon arrival back to the store, my friend searched the perimeter of the store, sidewalk, street, table/chairs outside, under and around a truck that was a few feet from the door (places she didn't even go to) and still no phone. When she got inside a worker came in behind them minutes later asking, "are you the one who called about the phone? I just found it outside in the street."

What I find most interesting is:
1. The outside of the perimeter was searched before walking into the store.
2. The phone was bone dry and today's weather included a wintery mix
3. The whole front of the phone was shattered as if it were struck with something multiple times, not run over (if that were the case) -- no other part of the phone (back, sides, etc.), was damaged. The phone is made of glass, why wasn't the back shattered too? (esp if it was made to look like it were run over)
4. The headphones were smashed also.
5. Again, if you found the phone outside, why was it BONE DRY?

So, the manager, requested that my friend apologize to her staff, who obviously didn't have the phone. Really?
Decent place to grab breakfast before going to the convention center from my hotel. Food is okay and service is decent. No one seems to love working here but at least they get the job done.
Yes, it's soo conveniently placed, and yes, the options are plentiful, but I really hate [this] Corner Bakery.

Pastas and sandwiches have huge caloric counts, so I usually settle on a salad if I'm forced to eat here. The salads always (seriously always) make my stomach hurt about 15 minutes later. Something about it does not sit well.

Let's be real though, the sub-par salads are not what motivated me to write this review. The service is. This is the type of place where you can/will stand at the line for about 4.5 minutes before anyone asking you if you'd like to order. You can even say "excuse me... is this line open...?" and you will be told to wait. This is extremely frustrating, given the fact that most people here from 12pm-3pm are here on a time-limited lunch break. 

The physical dining room is spacious... that's about the only compliment I've got.
OK, this is the first time I ever write a review on Yelp, since I generally prefer to leave a company to their own business. But this morning was an absolute disaster.
Order - 1 * Bacon and Cheese Panini (To go)... After 15 minutes of waiting, I asked about my order #63, and the girl behind the counter stares at me blankly, then walks over to an - already - ice cold panini in a plate, she confirms that this is my order and confirms that I ordered to go, then proceeds to wrap it up, hand it over to me, and casually informs me that the kitchen did not remove the egg. I ordered NO EGGS on this. 
I definitely do NOT care for all the haters of Yelp and how it ruins your business, perhaps if you cared more to train your staff to provide alternatives for customers, you will only receive positive feedback!
Good, healthy food at decent prices.  What's not to love?  I ordered the Anaheim Scrambler -- scrambled eggs with bacon, tomatoes, green onions, cheese, and avocado with a side of breakfast potatoes and toast.  Delicious!  A full meal for under $10.

[Yelp collections: East Coast 2016]
Chicken Salad on Rye bread was such a treat. The ingredients were so fresh and crisp. Yummy !!!!
I'm giving them a 4th star because they are one of the few places that brew organic ice tea that is not, I repeat NOT, brewed through machines that brew coffee as well. This allows for pleasant ice tea taste and no nasty old coffee filter after taste. I'm looking at your DD. They also brew it year round which is another huge plus for me. And a final kudos for outdoor seating that doesn't take over the entire sidewalk that is placed on the shaded side of the building. So you can sit outside without getting baked even if there is no umbrella at your table.
Walked by this place and it smelled amazing.  From the outside looking in, this placed looked like a nice spot to try.  Entering the restaurant, didn't seem quite the same as my view from the outside, but I continued to check the menu out.  It was still early, breakfast time, around 9:30(ish).  This place is basically like a Panera bread, but In my opinion, Panera Bread is better.  
The menu had nothing that stood out to me.  I desperately considered leaving and finding another place to eat.  I was really hungry though, so I could not wait!  I somewhat forced myself to give this place a try.  I waited at the counter to order, but no one really asked if they could help me.  So I just started telling the worker my order. I ordered a breakfast panini and asked for potatoes on the side which was an extra $1.  That's Fine. By this time it was 9:50, almost the switch over for lunch time.. I had asked if the potatoes were still available and the lady said yes we had another 10 minutes before lunch time.  Great!  So she gave us the order number and we sat down and waited for our food.  They brought the food over to our table and collected the number.  I looked at the plate thinking this was not our order because I didn't order FRUIT, I ordered POTATOES.   So I went up to the counter right away and told them I got fruit instead of the potatoes.  This other employee said they were out of potatoes.  Hmmmm ok cause 10mins ago you said you had them, but ok fine. Fruit it is.  The fruit was all mushy and seemed a couple weeks old. He did, however, give us a free bag of chips.  
Anyway, I tried the panini, it was ok, not the best, the eggs were questionable, the avocado seemed good.  Overall, I ate most of it, but wouldn't go there again.  Maybe lunch is better?? I don't know, but I won't be there to try it.  There are many other places to try in Philadelphia.
Would you rather

Spend $18 for breakfast from a franchise place with a full kitchen and full staff that takes 25 minutes to get your food  ---OR---  Spend $8 for breakfast from 2 guys in a cart that can hardly speak English but could serve 50 people in the same amount of time?

I made the wrong decision this morning.  Stick with the trucks.

I've been here for lunch also and the soups aren't bad.
Lunch today, I had the BBLT -- a balsamic addition to the classic BLT. It was done subtly -- balsamic can really be a punch in the mouth, but this was perfect; it added a certain something to the sandwich. Very well done.

I also had the tortilla soup, which was delicious, except that the tortilla chips on it seemed a bit stale to me. I scooped them off and had the soup. 

The manager, Mike, was walking around making sure people got through the ordering process as expediently as possible, so after lunch I walked over to him and complimented the BBLT, and mentioned that the tortilla chips seemed a bit stale to me -- he was demonstrably grateful, shook my hand thanking me for letting him know, and then bustled off to check on the chips himself. 

Based on how eager he was to fix the problem, I would add a star rather than take one away for the soup. That's a manager that cares about his business -- well done, Mike!
Miserable place.  Slow and unfriendly. Food is boring     Management is terrible.   Skip The Corner Bakery.
I love this place.  Where else can you get a real breakfast sandwich to go, i.e., an egg, cheese, and ham paninni?  They've got yummy breakfast food, from breakfast panini to oatmeal to fruit and yogurt parfaits, great coffee, scrumptious bagels and mini bundt cakes, good rolls, and even yummier lunch choices.  They've got sandwiches, salads, soups, etc. etc.  You can take out or, if you want, place your order at the counter, pick up your numbered ticket, sit at a table, put the ticket on the little holder thingy, and they'll bring you your food.  Easy as pie.  Oh, I think they have pie, too...  The only thing that I don't like is that I tried to take friends here for Sunday brunch once, and they were closed.  Turns out they're not open on the weekend.
I'm loving  this place and I just started going there two weeks ago. Someone gave me free coffee and free chips because someone didn't make my order right. The manager was happy and willing to do anything to make my visit great. 

The food is great and my fav sandwich is "Chicken Pomodori on Sourdough" .
I stopped in here for a quick sit down breakfast on my way to work, my first impression was a great relaxing atmosphere. Ordering is quick and easy, they have a vast menu for all different kinds of breakfast lovers. You can either order it for here or to go, they give you a number and for in dining, it is open seating and they bring the food right to you! They bring absolutely everything you could possibly need before even having to ask for it.

Super hearty portion, although the food came out slightly room temperature. Adequate flavor and adequate taste, nothing that really stands out. I would say this is a good place if you're in a rush and need a quick pick me up! Also, the food is at very cheap prices for those who aren't looking for an extravagant breakfast.
So fed up with this location I just have to write a review. I've been disappointed with the quality and value of every single, and I mean every single sandwich I've ever purchased from here. And maybe its just because it's the busy downtown location why everything always seems to be lackluster (but then I remember the delicious, and consistent Panera Bread a 7 minute walk away). Anyways, today's "tuna salad" sandwich fell short. Based on flavor alone, I'm not sure it was even tuna...and the scoop wasn't distributed well through the bread leaving me to munch down wads of bread and just tasted like watery tomatoes. In other words, zero flavor. But it'll keep me from passing out post-workout. Previous sandwiches always let me down in the presentation department and usually look sad and unappetizing once I get them back to my office just across the street. Not to mention the amount of unnecessary packaging for a pick-two. 
I usually only stumble in here as a last resort because there aren't a lot of options in this quadrant of center city for a quick sandwich on the weekends.

I've heard other locations are better, but this location....I'm tired and I just want a decent sandwich.
This place is awesome, great coffee and breakfast and friendly service. Order then take a seat with your number card and your food will be brought rite out. If your in the area and hungry, stop in. It's affordable too, better than those other chain places that begin with an "M"
This restaurant has a lot of seating including spots where you can have a private conversation sometimes depending on the time of day. It has great food for the standard american diet. I use it a lot when I have clients and need to order out and have food brought in.  My client gets the caesar salad with chicken and she raves about it. I vary it, but always get a salad and never get disappointed.

I wish CBC delivered for regular orders, though; it does delivery for catering services.
I ordered breakfast catering from Corner Bakery for a seminar of 50 people, and was extremely pleased.  

The food was DELICIOUS; everybody raved about it.  We got the fruit trays + baked goods. The fruit was especially pleasantly surprising, because this order was in March, but the fruit was extremely fresh.  No gross white strawberries or cantaloupe.  No gooey fruit.  All lovely.

The deliverer was very nice and helpful.  I arrived a little bit after him, and he already had it all pretty much set up.

Big plus:  they actually brought more than enough plasticware, napkins, cups, stirrers, and sugar & cream for the coffee.  I've found this is pretty rare for caterers.   And the coffee was excellent.

Only 1 negative comment:  They charge $2 per bottle of water.  And we had a HUGE order.  When I initially ordered the water, the employee on the phone quoted me $1/bottle because of the order size, so I said OK.  But when they emailed the invoice, it was at $2/bottle.  I immediately called to correct it, but the girl on the phone was kind of rude and said that the person I talked to previously was just wrong.  So I cancelled the waters.

That was pretty minor though; I'm still going to be ordering from here whenever I need an event catered in Philly.
Just like other people are saying, I wandered around for a bit and I wasn't sure what I wanted. And I saw this place and said, eh how bad can it be? There's actually more to The Corner Bakery than I thought.

I came in around dinner time so the place was near empty (lunch time is the peak). After much deliberating I got the Carbonara and it was so good I just had to go back to register to tell the cashier what I thought about it.

"FOCKIN ROCKIN!"

It was a pretty big portion too. I only ate half of it even though "I'm equipped" to eat all of it. I haven't been back, but I will try it again. Maybe I'll go to the one in Ardmore next time.
Fairly reliable standard lunchtime fare - sandwiches, soups and salads. Some of the food is very fatty, so order with care if you care. All the nutrition info is on the website. I like this place for a bowl of tomato basil soup and a comfortable place to sit. Their bread is actually quite good, and the desserts are tasty. I have eaten tons of meals here due to the proximity to my office.  If you have a to-go order, be smart and call it in. I wish there was a place with similar menu that was not a chain in this area that didn't suck. Please, tell me if you know of one! Save me from lunch-time ennui.
Never mind the food. The service at this place is horrendous. 

I can understand the occasional mix-up or kitchen mishap. But if a catering delivery that was placed LAST WEEK is going to be an hour and a half late, you should be kissing my butt and apologizing not telling me that "you just spoke to someone at my office" That was half an hour ago, Beverly, thanks. 

And then when I inform you that it was a while ago you get all huffy and say "no, like 5 minutes". REALLY? You're going to have the audacity to argue with me about an order that you won't comp even though it's far past due? Oh, but my next order is free. 

Needless to say, there won't be a next time. Thanks, but no thanks.

EDIT: We attempted to place another order a week after and they wouldn't comp it. then, 2 weeks later we FINALLY get a call back from a manager - but only b/c they didnt tax us and he wanted to be sure were a non profit. We're not - someone else comped the tax in an attempt to fix the original problem. needless to say WE GOT A BILL FOR WHAT WAS COMPED. This is the last place on earth I'd order catering from - seriously.
Not my kind of place. I decided to check out the one on 17th and JFK before the lunch hour rush and got the Breakfast Combo which was a bland panini with eggs and bacon, it came with a cup of potato bits that taste kind of funny, everything was extra greasy. I was the only one in line and I had to wait 5 minutes for my food preparation, the baked treats looked really enticing, it was hard to just stand there and not order a Cheesecake Brownie. The layout of the store seems a bit weird and not easy to understand, but they do have signs. This is probably how it is similar to Cosi's. However the place seems pretty open and spacious, although rather inefficient. Table sitting inside maybe limited, because even at 10AM it seems like most of the seats were taken.
I've been going to this location off and on for  the past ten years.  All I can say is recently the service has gone completely downhill.  I placed an order online for lunch recently. When I went to pick it up at the appointed time I stood in the pickup express line while the cashiers ignored me. When I walked up to the counter and told them I was picking up my order. The cashier asked me, "Oh, you've been standing there all this time?" Really?!? 

If you're looking for unprofessional, indifferent and lackadaisical service you can find it at this Corner Bakery location. Did I mention my order was wrong?
Food taste old and cold. Staff looks sad. Wrong order was taken. Kids menu was there but they had nothing available from it. Will not come back.
I am at the Corner a bakery cafe with my good friend Margie and her Grandaughter Laeanne. I have the bakes potato soup.... so good and worm for this windy day in the windy cityZ I really like the atmosphere in here it is like a Panera bread but it's not! Mrs Bert at the register was very nice to me. Overall a pleasant experience I hope my girly Fran gets here! Soon
The food here has been consistent, but I'm really baffled at the service. When someone orders online, and shows up to pick it up, why would it take longer to get that order (much longer) than new customers who have come in and ordered? I sat and watched people come in, wait in line, order, and get their food multiple times before mine came up.

I asked the manager about it, and he said that it takes at least a half hour to process the order. What? It takes a half hour to process a pre-paid sandwich? It just doesn't compute.
If I order a sandwich with avocado and the avocado is actually nice and ripe rather than hard and unripened, as is generally the case, I'm happy.
The Corner Bakery Cafe is hands down one of the best places I have found in Philadelphia to get a good/hearty/real oatmeal. Their old-fashioned oatmeal is delicious, especially when you request it with fruit and whatnot. 
I love how it comes in a huge container also, I can pretty much enjoy it all day at work. Along with the free toasted Cinnamon raisin bread, that is lighted coated with sugar. YUM!
I also found this place aimlessly walking around trying to find something quick and easy for breakfast, and that wouldn't ruin my diet of the week.
Great homey atmosphere of a restaurant, like a homey Panera with a more intimate service staff. Broccoli Cheddar Bread Bowl was a little light on the soup and heavy on the bread. Quick service and cozy dining room.
I was on a budget. I had a coupon. It was 95' outside and I didn't want to walk more than a block from my office for any kind of food no matter how good it was. This is the story of how I ended up at Corner Bakery with a tuna fish sandwich on toasted harvest whole grain bread. Really, there's not much else to it. With coupon my sandwich (piled high with extra veggies), chips, and pickle came out to a shade under $5, the line seemed long but it was air conditioned and felt wonderful, before I knew it I was in and back out again having only spent about 5 minutes on line. The restaurant gets really crowded during the corporate lunch hour, but I wasn't staying...I wanted to be back in the confines of my fuzzy walled cubicle as quickly as possible. The food was mediocre, nothing I'd really spend their full price on, but given the circumstances of the day this was a great choice.
I wish I could rate this a half star. It took us over 30 minutes to receive our food despite repeated conversations with "managers". I gave this place two attempts and both times they messed up my order and took a long time to do it.
Pretty bad. I actually like the Corner Bakery in Chicago. This one is quite poor. The breakfast scramble I had was OK--pretty bland, eggs were not great. The breakfast potatoes were inedible. The funny thing is that they threw some fresh herbs on top, which liked great IF I could have eaten the potatoes. Conceptual food, I suppose. The coffee tastes like Folgers. Here's another tidbit if you happened to come here for the wifi: their firewall blocks many sites, including FAIR for the reason that it's related to political advocacy. Pretty funny! Here is another one that came up: PBS.org. Wow, I'm glad they blocked PBS. We wouldn't want anyone to watch any educational videos while in Corner Bakery. I would skip this place.
Friendly service, great tuna salad sandwich, good chips. The prices are very reasonable. They should clean the windows though.
First introduced to this place by my gf's friend. We don't have one of these in NYC. Was pretty excited. As I first walk in, my first opinion of the place is close similarity compared to Panera in regards to the food, decor, and ordering. But Corner Bakery is clearly cleaner and chic compared to Panera. They also offer more options of tea, coffee, and sweets. I liked it.
Positives-Fast friendly service. Fair price
Negative-have your employees take the time to make the breakfast sandwich with common sense. If the croissant is falling apart maybe you should not use it for a customer's breakfast sandwich. The whole thing was falling apart and could not be eaten like a sandwich. I had to use a fork. And this is not the first time I have experienced this here.
I hate to give a place one star, but this place has consistently disappointed.  It's like the staff just doesn't care at this point.  I walked in for a pastry today and asked for it warmed up.  The young woman at the cash register couldn't have been any more miserable or disinterested.  She took my order, and never even so much as bothered to walk over and place my pastry back by the kitchen so they could warm it up.  I had a meeting to go to, but I just wanted to see how long I would stand there before she noticed.....an eternity goes by and she finally comes over and says, 'Oh, I guess I didn't put your order in' and then non chalantly takes her time and doesn't even say I'm sorry.  This has happened time and time again.  It's the morning people, folks have to get to their jobs and these folks walk around like they are miserable and could care less if you have somewhere to go.  I actually stopped going here a few months ago and just went in on a whim hoping things had changed, but they haven't!  Save yourself some grief and don't go here, especially if you are in a hurry.
Been here twice in the past week and purchased the same thing both times. I'm trying to make better choices when it comes to the food I eat, and when I forgot to pack a meal for lunch I thought I was in trouble. I walked around for literally 20 minutes trying to find a place I could get a quick, healthy meal. I decided to go into the Corner Bakery and saw a sign for their Power Turkey Panini Thin, which with egg whites is only around 250 calories. Everything in this sandwich was healthy and gave me the brain food I needed to continue my day. The people taking your order are also very friendly and I didn't even wait very long for my meal on either days.
It was moving day for me and I decided to treat my friends (movers) to breakfast before we started packing and loading. I figured Corner Bakery would be a good choice since I hear my friends rave about their lunches quite often. Corner Bakery offers 5 different types of breakfast sandwiches with a choice of fruit or potatoes at an additional cost. After waiting in a comfy chair for a few minutes, my to-go bag was ready. 

The entire meal was packaged neatly with all utensils included. That, however, was the only part I liked about our breakfast. All of the sandwiches tasted the same, even though I ordered 5 different ones. Each sandwich was some form of bacon, egg, and cheese. By the time we ate, all of the bread was soggy and had the same consistency. I will not be paying close to $50 for 5 breakfasts and waters from this place in the near future.
Great location in the bustling business district in downtown Philly. The cashier was very helpful and helped suggest food ideas for my picky eater I was getting breakfast with.

The food was prepared fresh and fast and was very filling and delicious.

Just a great representation of why I love this chain!
I have passed the Corner Bakery for years and went in for the first time last week. The commuter crossiant is soooo good. Eggs, tomato, cheese and bacon good. The meatball and pasta is great as well and comes with garlic bread and a side. It is filling as a dinner. My boyfriend loved the mac and bacon. Also you can get made to order breakfast sandwiches. The staff is so friendly. It isn't the quickest service but it is worth the wait.
This review deserves a 0 star!! I ordered choose 2 Mac & cheese and cheddar broccoli soup. When my order came out, It included the Mac & cheese, but not the soup. Instead, I was given a meatball panini. I was not given a receipt to confirm with the waiter, but luckily the waiter had a receipt and confirmed I was supposed to get the soup instead. He had told me to keep the sandwich and he would be right back with the soup. A couple minutes later, the waiter comes back with an empty plate and proceeded to ask me to grab a napkin and place the sandwich that I already had touched back on the plate. 

WHAT THE HECK??? I already touched the sandwich and now you are taking It back?! That's disgusting. They're probably taking back the sandwich to give It to someone else. That's absolutely disgusting.
Went there for lunch. Placed my order and asked for a cheesecake brownie, the cashier gave me attitude saying they didn't have any left and that I would have to wait for more to come so I agreed and sat down. I finished my food and had to ask someone where it was ten minutes later they brought me a frozen brownie. I made the mistake of going there again with my mother and found 3 long hairs in my food. Disgusting !
After waiting for literally thirty minutes for my half sandwich and soup combo, I finally asked an associate to just give me any soup they had as I watched my half sandwich sit on the counter. I get back to my office to see what my half sandwich consisted of. See picture for attached. 

I've never had a problem with this Corner Bakery location before, but this was the worst customer service I've received. Staff had bad attitudes when people simply asked where their food was after patiently waiting for 20+ minutes. Pic attached if my turkey avocado sandwich that had a total of 1/2 piece of turkey that was so slimy I removed it entirely from my sandwich.
OK - I am upgrading corner bakery cafe for their excellent work with catering.
No, the food isn't all that wonderful - but it's better than lots of others we've had.  The cavatappi pasta salad (side) is great and the breads for the sandwiches are fresh and not sogged-out.

Nice presentation and better yet - they arrive on time and don't cost alot.  (Hot pasta meal for 8-10 is $90.)
It says so much about a company when they take customer service seriously, and Corner Bakery cafe knocks it out of the park. The food is fantastic too of course. My coworkers and I celebrate office birthdays with "breakfasts", where we typically order a couple scramblers from Corner Bakery in addition to other stuff. Today there was a small hiccup with our order, but it was important enough for me to call and speak to a manager. Tom, the manager, and Wendell were extremely helpful. Tom refunded my entire order amount and included a couple coupons for the trouble as well. Wendell walked over to drop the cash and coupons off to me- I have never heard of anything like that. They definitely went above and beyond. They turned something that could have been awful or even just unpleasant into an experience with which my entire office was impressed. Love ya, Corner Bakery Cafe! Thanks.
This place has really gone downhill. Now that they have the "2 for 5.99" specials on certain days its been worse. They literally just slap the sandwiches together not even caring if they have enough on it, the paninis' are not cooked all the way through, barely toasted and always missing an ingredient. AND that's only if they actually get your order correct. Slow service and poor management. Skip it.
The worst. I never get my order if I order online. I don't have time to leave my office, such awful customer service.
When I'm traveling corner bakery is a great spot to stop for a quick breakfast and coffee.  I like ordering online so it's ready when I get there. My favorite items are the bacon egg bowl and the cold brew coffee.  It's great because there is a corner bakery in most big cities.
Terrible service, unorganized one register 
Manager and cashier, seem not to have a clue
Long time customer, Bala Cynwyd location 
Need an effective manager. 6:30 Friday night
Won't come back and will post this on Facebook
Pleasant and clean but a little pricey for the food. I would eat here again but not going out of my way.
Popped in to buy a whole cake for a presentation. The girl that helped me had to ask her manager if I could have a dozen or so small plates...to which he/she said NO? I then asked for a cake cutter, serving utensil (plastic comes with every order in catering) to which she looked at me like I was crazy and said, NO. Job well done Corner Bakery...
I ordered a ham and swiss sandwich and could not have been more disappointed. The bread was hard and mostly tasted like cardboard. I couldn't even finish it. 

The best part of my meal was the chips that I didn't even ordered.
I'm going with a solid 3 stars for Corner Bakery because their food is pretty decent, but their service can often be lacking. We get large catering orders from them every so often at work and they don't tend to always be on time. 

Luckily, when the food gets here, the sandwiches are fresh and tasty, the salads are crisp and delicious and the desserts are...well, they're something I should stay away from but today, I've already had two. Save room for baked goods. 

One not so fun thing is they don't allow you to purchase 2 liter bottles of soda- you have to get cans. And at a hefty $1.35 a piece, they don't come cheap. I don't think I'd every frequent Corner Bakery for lunch or breakfast, since there's so much else in Philly that's above the bar they set, but overall, a decent meal (and a decent catered lunch once it arrives) for a somewhat decent price.
Don't recommend: average, overpriced food and overall poor experience :(

My friends and I came during their open hours, but all doors were locked. We could clearly see people sitting and eating inside but the cashiers continued to ignore us. After finally waiting for 10 minutes, they finally decided to open the door for us. I got the Power Breakfast Egg Bowl & Vanilla Sweet Cream Cold Brew. The bowl was kind of cold, way unaesthetically pleasing, and just ok (not worth the price in my opinion). As someone who can't drink black coffee (yet) I actually enjoyed the cold brew & its level of sweetness. One of my friends also got the same cold brew as me, but hers was 80% ice :/
Reminds me of Panera. Small chain with maybe 4 other locations. We went on Saturday for lunch and there were probably two other families there, which is to say "deserted". Their menu has a lot of options of pick from, including hot and cold sandwiches, salad, soup, coffee drinks, nice looking desserts and breakfast items that are served throughout the day. Opted for the turkey pretzel roll and the chicken pesto sandwich. Bread was a little too hard for our liking, but you'd probably get fresher bread during the week when there's more turnover. Pretzel sandwich would've benfitted from a horseradish-style stone ground mustard. Would order something else next time.
