I'm back to show one of my favorite Philly hoagie shops some love. As it happens, one of my best friends just bought a house on the same block, so I expect my Cosmi's visits to be much more frequent. 

I placed my recent pickup order through the Yelp page and everything was just as requested. I also threw in a pint of tuna salad so I could make some easy lunches during the week. The tuna salad was great! 

Now that I plan to visit on the reg, I'll finally be able to branch out to other items on the menu. A girl can't live on Italian hoagies and shooter specials alone!
Another South Philly gem located on the corner of 8th and Dickinson that has been on point since 1932. Cosmi's has what we call a winning tradition and if you're looking for that "street cred", these guys will throw down with anyone. Perfect from tailgating at the games, getting them to cater for you, or down to just chilling at home with one of these belly fillers. 

We all know the saying "Sharing is Caring".  Now 9x out of 10 I will share what I have, and everyone who knows me, knows I do this. This is one of those occasions where I WILL NOT SHARE with you. I'm sorry, but get down here, get anything off their menu, and you'd feel the same way. 

What to get if you're wondering? How about everything! Seriously you will not go wrong. Go with the seeded role if you can. Cosmi's gets their bread from Liscio's Bakery, where they make an amazing seeded roll. 

Here is what I have enjoyed, and I am pretty sure you will too. 
* Cheesesteak~ I went with their Philadelphia standard with American cheese. One of the best in the city where the cheese was melted in with the meat, which made every bite better then the first. Next on the list to try is their Cheesesteak Verdi and Diavolo jawn ! 

* Chicken Cutlet Lagasse~ Out of all of their cutlet sandwiches this is a must order. I added broccoli rabe to this already awesome sandwich that has prosciutto, long hots and sharp provolone in it. 

* The Sicilian~ Another must order if you are a fan of prosciutto, mortadella, sharp provolone, hot capicola, and soppressata. All tucked in a seeded role with long hots, with oil and balsamic dressed over top.

* The Godfather~ Basically I was made an offer I couldn't refuse. Yes I dropped to a knee and kissed the ring with this masterpiece. Nothing compares or can even come close to what I am about to try to explain to you. Picture that perfect seeded roll stuffed with prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, sun dried tomatoes, soppressata, green olives, fresh basil, with an aged balsamic. I went a step further and added long hots to this marvel. Hence the Godfather.   

Cosmi's is in my top 3 out of 5 for an amazing hoagie, and in my top 5 for that bomb ass cheesesteak. Yes I said that, so book it family. 
**Sandwich locations**            **Cheesesteak Locations**
1) Paesano                              1) John's Roast Pork
2) Cosmi's                                2) Sonny's   
3) Sicilian Deli                          3) Cleavers
4) Pagano's                              4) Cosmi's
5) Gooey Louies                       5) Gooey Louies  
                                                      a- Philips
**Disclaimer** 
I will throat punch you while starring you down if you make an attempt to take a bite from one of my marvels.
Cosmi's is back on top as my go-to South Philly hoagie shop. I introduced my mom to the South Philly Italian and the Shooter Special (both on seeded rolls, of course), my go-to Cosmi's orders. She loved them and we had another excellent tailgate. Wish I could say the same about the game!
I'm still definitely a fan, but I did have an order slightly botched by Cosmi's yesterday. My boyfriend made the rare decision to work from home, so when lunchtime came around and we were both still in our pajamas, we decided to order delivery from Cosmi's. They use an online ordering system which is usually pretty great because you can make specific notes about your order. 

We selected two sandwiches that were both supposed to arrive on seeded rolls. One of them did not. I also put pretty specific instructions about what we each wanted on our sandwiches. For mine, I said I did not want oil and vinegar. My sandwich arrived without oil and vinegar, but it was slathered in mayo. Since when do hoagies automatically come with mayo? I had to scrape it off with a knife and I wasn't really happy about that. Also, delivery took twice as long as we were quoted. 

My advice to anyone looking for a Cosmi's delivery is to order early, and be very specific about what you do and do not want on your sandwiches.
It's the simple things in life. Like waking up drunk on a Saturday morning, firing up a little Black Ops, and not moving again until Cosmi knocks on your door to deliver a steaming hot sandwich on a seeded roll. 

I've gotten pretty good recently. Give me the Skorpion with a silencer and red dot sight, and motherfuckers are going to die. I also need the marathon perk so I can burn ass past all the campers who hide and try to pick you off from the shadows. Fuck you, campers. 

But what is this? If you listen close, you might hear sleigh bells, the gentle crunch of freshly fallen snow under skids, and perhaps the impatient hoof-falls of eager quadrupeds. 

Hark! Who is that rapping on my chamber door? Could it be. . .Yes. It must be Cosmi -- no one I know will have awakened before 1pm. And if there's one thing that will rouse me from the sofa now it is the promise of roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach on a seeded roll.  

His eyes-how they twinkled! his dimples how merry!
His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a cherry!

"Heavens, Cosmi! It's deadly cold out there! You must be chilled to the bone -- pray, come in, warm yourself by the fire for a spell."

"Bless your heart, but I must decline. I have other boys and girls to visit, with not much time! Lots of hangovers as bad as the pox; for you, must eat, and return to the xbox!" And with that, he returned to the blistering, blustering winter wind;

He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
And away they all flew like the down of a thistle.
But I heard him exclaim, 'ere he drove out of sight,
"Happy gaming to all, and to all a good-night!"
I'm not one for making grandiose proclamations but...oh wait, I am. It's totally my thing. Anyway, this is one that actually should be heeded, if you're somebody who cares about good sandwiches in this world of ours. Ahem...On this day, December 4th, 2011, I declare that Cosmi's makes my favorite will-deliver-to-me cheesesteak in South Philly Fo real. When I want a cheesesteak I want one from little corner shop straight to me, Cosmi's. With long hots.

They make excellent hoagies too. I will always pay the extra dollar and whatever it is for my sandwiches to be piled into good sesame seeded bread. South Philly Italian, so good...That Sicilian with prosciutto, sopressata, hot coppa, mortadella, sharp provolone, and roasted peppers, so good...That one with the hot pepper shooters...That one!  Hear ye! Fo Delivery!
All hail the sandwich king!

When it comes to South Philly there are a ton of places that are given that distinction whether its earned or not. But when it comes to those places that truly deserve it, Cosmi's in one of those places that have had me giving that praise whether it was for breakfast sandwiches, hoagies, or that classic cheesesteak!

It seems like I've known that forever now, but because of their late night options (not during Covid-19) its also been more of best next day decision after living it up with my cousin the night before for several years running! Given what's going on with these times, and the fact that they're still making incredible sandwiches, I can't think of a better time to recognize Cosmi's!

Most best cheesesteak candidates are recognized for their meat, cheese (even if its asinine chhese whiz), and bread, with maybe onions and mushrooms as the only other toppings. But Cosmi's goes that extra mile by going green with their Verdi cheesesteak with broccoli raabe or spinach with sharp provolone, a Mexicano one with hot peppers and salsa on pepper jack; or their JACKED UP cheesesteak with pepperoni, BACON, and all those cheeses and fixings! You can even get a breakfast sandwich cheesesteak with egg; or a very regal and amazing filet mignon sandwich with caramelized onions, sauteed spinach, white cheddar, and an onion ring in a toasted brioche bun!

For my money though the best options are their incredible hoagies. My go to is the Godfather with its prosciutto, sopressata, fresh Mozzarella, roasted peppers, & aged balsamic sun-dried tomatoes, fresh basil, green olives, extra-virgin olive oil and a splash of balsamic vinegar on a hoagie roll or seeded bread. But you can also get avocado on your turkeyspice it up Shooter style, or get some true South Philly Italian style sandwiches of several variations.

with burgers, chicken sandwiches, wraps, and several veggies options they literally have a sandwich for anybody! but with wings, salads, and combo platters, there's still plenty of reasons to order here if you don't do sandwiches.
Cosmi's is absolutely one of the best places to get a cheesesteak in all of Philly. You will not be disappointed by any of their hoagies, either. A must try cheesesteak is the "Sams" ($6.95) which comes with your choice of cheese and mushrooms, peppers & onions. Perfection! 

We had heard very good things about Cosmi's from some locals (which makes sense as Cosmi's has won best cheesesteak in Philly several times) and even our Philly guidebook suggested trying their steaks first, so this little deli was our very first stop after stepping off the plane. And I'm so glad it was; what a wonderful introduction to the Philly Cheesesteak! It did kind of ruin us for most of the rest we tried, however; only a few others  compared in greatness to Cosmi's. The rest paled in comparison. In fact, there IS no comparing cheesesteaks made by the likes of Pat, Geno or  Tony Luke to this masterpiece of a sandwich! Those jokers are a 1, these slabs of heaven are a 100. And for a much cheaper price, too!

Besides the terrific food, one of the things that makes this tiny little spot so great is the people running it. They're absolutely awesome. Friendly, helpful, and very serious about their food. Any sandwich you order will have exceptional ingredients and be made with love. Seriously, you can totally taste the dedication to quality in their sandwiches. And it's heavenly. 

Because they take their time hand crafting your order, your sandwich will not come out blazing fast, but it does not take too long (ours only took about 10 minutes) and the results will be delicious and worth the wait. 

So if you're in town doing a Cheesesteak Tour, PLEASE be sure to add a stop at Cosmi's to your itinerary. Once you taste their sandwiches, you'll know why everyone recommended we stop at Cosmi's first!
A search for "hoagies" yields many results on Yelp, and Cosmi's is among the top. Since my first choice (Paesano's, always) was out as they now close their Italian Market location at 4pm, Cosmi's became the place to grab sandwiches before Thursday night's Phillies game. 

The gentleman who took my order over the phone was very friendly and recited everything back to me to make sure he had the order right. I like that. The guys at the shop were equally friendly when I arrived fifteen minutes later. The two half sandwiches I ordered were enormous, and clocked in around $18. 

My ham and sharp provolone hoagie was delicious, but the shooter special with mozzarella, prosciutto and ham and provolone-stuffed pepper shooters was ridic. I think I morphed into a 250 pound construction worker on his lunch break because there is no other explanation as to how I ate my own sandwich, plus part of my boyfriend's. Normally, half of the half would have sufficed. 

I will definitely order from Cosmi's again, and the fact that they also deliver makes them a very desirable partner on football Sundays.
Hmm remember the time I gathered up a group of friends and we set out on a Philadelphia cheese steak tasting adventure? Think: eight cheese steak havens (each carefully researched and guaranteed to turn out a bangin' Philly specialty), six evaluation categories, and ten ravenous taste-testers. 

To keep it on a level playing field, we stuck with the basic "whiz wit" prep and conducted a BLIND taste test so as not to cater to any existing trademark biases (*cough* PAT'S *cough*). I even got a tub of lemon sorbet for in-between palate cleansings (yes, I'm a nerd).

And today, I stand before you to share the result of our quest - the overall BEST cheesesteak in Philadelphia...COSMI'S.  A small unassuming deli just blocks away from the (ill)famed Pat's and Geno's, Cosmi's takes the crown with a score of 8.4 and winning in four out of the six categories including best visual appeal, meat quality, toppings and overall taste. Although there seems to be mixed reviews on the seeded roll, tasters just couldn't stop raving about the supreme cheese flavor.

Definitely check this place out.

(Full result details can be found at: http://22ndandphilly.blogspot.com/2011/06/reader-contribution-operation-whiz-wit.html)
Forget the overblown steak mills of Pats and Geno's, Cosmi's unassuming corner deli is quietly delivering the best cheesesteak experience in Philadelphia bar none.

Pros
-Cheesesteaks - made one by one as your order them with high quality ingredients makes a far better steak than the leading brands' approach of a massive griddle ready to pump out 100 steaks at a moments notice. Cosmi's takes the personal approach and the proof is in the pudding. Nom nom.
-Bread - their standard roll is soft and delicious, but don't hesitate to try their sesame-seeded roll for a firmer, nuttier twist on the steak. Simply awesome.
-Staff - these guys are chill and friendly and love to talk about the Phillies or whatever other breeze you feel like shooting while you're steak is cooking. The leading brands push 'hostility' as part of the authentic experience, but I prefer the peacenik approach at Cosmi's. 

Cons
-Not a dang one.
Moved to Philadelphia 7 years ago.  Of course whether I wanted to or not over the course of the years I had to hunt out and compare every cheese steak that whatever tourist dragged me too.  This isn't about putting down the others but Cosmis really woke me up to how could Philadelphia can do cheese steaks.  I live two blocks from the deli and just saying they have the best steaks doesn't do it any justice.  I've been through almost their entire menu and there's almost nothing I wouldn't go back to.  I've already converted many of my family members and friends but it's so easy when it's so good.  So if you're in the area or swinging through before a game I highly recommend skipping over to 8th and Dickinson.  The food's great and the staff is welcoming and very friendly.  Philadelphia's Best.
Be part of the movement encouraging great, high quality cheesteaks, roast pork sandwiches, and hoagies in Philadelphia -- eat at Cosmi's. This place is absolutely fantastic and authentic. Known for having some of the greatest cheesteaks in the city, this place also has some fantastic Italian hoagies and one of the tastiest roast pork sandwich I've ever had.

The sharp provolone they use here is absolutely fantastic and they use Sarcones seeded rolls -- if you don't know what that means, get one and taste the difference. Cold cuts on the hoagies are also amazing and the thinly sliced lettuce, tomato and onion are superb.

Staff is friendly and the space is small - two card tables are all they have for seating -- but it's just so perfect as an authentic South Philly experience.

I love this place and if you're in Philadelphia at all, especially as a tourist -- I'd highly recommend you skip some of the other tourist trap places and enjoy an authentic, delicious sandwich at Cosmis. Wow!!!!
I've lived in Philly my entire life and have eaten many a cheesesteak. One thing I am very adamant about is making sure people are getting the RIGHT thing when they come to my city looking for our signature food. That means directing them away from those touristy spots which I will not name. 

THIS is the place I point everyone to if it is within a good distance to them. I only wish they were a little closer to me.

Favorite thing hands down is the Jacked Up Steak. I don't think I've ever had so many flavors in a cheesesteak before. The meat is perfectly cooked. Not dry. Not overly greasy. Not gristle-y. Bread is fresh and delicious. 

Honestly haven't tried much outside of steaks, but I'd really like to. It's just really difficult to stray away from what you know is amazing. Shit. I'll probably still just get the jacked up steak next time I go...
Freaking amazing. I've been trying to expand my Philly deli selection, and this came up in my researching. The inside has a little mini convenience store feel, with one folding card table and one slightly more substantial bench serving as the only seating. 

My partner and I both got sandwiches on fresh crusty bread - mine was loaded up with fancy cheeses and spicy salamis and hams, my partner's was chicken/sun dried tomato/pesto. Large sandwiches, cheap pricing, authentic Philly feel with regulars grousing about the Phillies sucking and some former Philly residents telling everyone how they drove all the way over from the shore just to get these sandwiches. 

They've got lots of spins on deli sandwiches and hoagies, and they've apparently won some awards in the recent past for their cheesesteaks as well. I will definitely be back for more soon.
I love Cosmi's Deli! I order online through Yelp, which is super convenient. You HAVE to try their breakfast sandwiches. They're inexpensive and delicious. Everything is actually delicious, even their chicken caesar salads. Their food is reasonably priced, too. Cosmi's is always my first choice when I need a quick, convenient, and healthy meal. Definitely recommend!
After a little research, my husband and I decided to order pick-up from Cosmi's Deli before heading to a Phillies game. Although they are on Grubhub, we had a little trouble finding the list and called in the order. Of course after I checked in on Yelp, I noticed that you can order directly through the app. Can they make it any easier? 

In any case, everything was great from the start of the phone call to the last bite. Talking to a human on the phone isn't necessarily a bad thing if they are pleasant and good at what they do. The gentleman running the store, who is presumably the owner, was great. He was friendly, down to earth and just extremely likeable as a person. During the time of my visit a police officer stopped in to place an order and it was clear that the guy working there was well respected and had a great rapport in the community. 

Cosmi's looks like your average corner deli. In a sense it is, except the sandwiches were excellent. 

I went with the fried eggplant sandwich with broccoli rabe and long hots on a seeded roll. My husband went with the roast pork and beef combo with broccoli rabe on a seeded roll. The fried eggplant and roll stole the show. The eggplant was fried but still retained the good qualities of eggplant, like freshness, that I enjoy. The broccoli rabe was a little over oiled and slightly chewy but still made for a nice accompaniment. Overall, my sandwich was excellent and I'd order it again in a heartbeat. 

The menu is large, and creative, for a deli. I can absolutely see myself swinging by there again on my way to the stadiums. As it's located in south Philly, parking is a little tough. It's easy enough to pull off if you order ahead and have someone that can run in.
Sweet Delight! This is the finest of Deli's on this plane of existence.  This was an entirely different experience than I've had at other Meats Delis.  It was the cure-all for my champagne hangover and i sobbed soft happy tears with my life partner Funyun the Cat.  If you live within a 50 mile radius of this place you should strap your cat into its body harness and go.

You see, at some Deli's you order a Submarine Sandwich and skip home.  Upon laying it on your eating table it weeps softly with ooze; wet bread and soggy sardines.  It's a Bitter Log and my remorse is hard to hide from Funyun (that's my cat!).  Funyun is VERY empathetic and gets upset, just knowing I'm upset.  Funyun begins drooling and shaking, hobbling around like a drunk mule, ultimately reaching a comatose state.  You eat that Bitter Log and curse your father for impregnating your mother and putting you on this earth to experience shame and remorse as deep as this.

If you don't want to have that experience, go to Comsi's!
This place makes absolutely the BEST ITALIAN HOAGIE in the world!

No joke, for $6.95, you get a foot-long, mouthwatering Italian sub with all the fixin's (get oil and mayo), on fresh, warm homemade bread. They cure their own meats, and the cheese is phenomenal.

Trust me, go here if you want to taste heaven in your mouth.

(They also make fantastic homemade soups)
If "hands down" weren't such a cliché, I'd say that Cosmi's has hands down the best cheese steaks in town. Seriously, they're good. I never understood the mystique around Philly cheese steaks, let alone why a city would identify itself so thoroughly with something that can be made anywhere, with ingredients that one can find anywhere. Then again, 


I've never lived anywhere outside the East Coast, so what do I know? I know that I'm not a fan of Pat's, which is only a few blocks away from me, and I wouldn't piss on Geno's if it were on fire. Cosmi's, on the other hand, has a variety of cheese steaks, wonderfully prepared, and served on a Sarcone's roll if you want the larger sized sandwiches, and an equally fresh and yummy hoagie roll for the regular-sized hoagies. My favorite cheese steak is the Cheese Steak Diavalo, made with horse radish cheese and is thoroughly integrated into the finely chopped steak, making for one hell of a hot and tasty cheese steak sandwich. Lately I've also been getting the Chicken Cutlet Soprano sandwich, which is equally superb, especially with some bacon, broccoli rabe and sharp provolone, though you can get regular provolone and spinach on it instead. Speaking of bacon, their egg sandwiches are something I often look forward to when waking up in the morning. I'm usually not one to ask for cheese and bacon with my eggs, but the way they prepare it make me wonder how I ever lived without them in my egg sandwiches. Since it's right down the block from me, I also go there for the San Benedetto beverages made in Italy, like the orange and lemon sodas, as well as green, lemon, and peach teas.  They also have spumoni! I hadn't even seen spumoni since I was a little boy spending summers in Bensonhurst, so that was a welcome sight, and a delicious addition to my obviously healthy diet. 

Everyone who works there has always been super friendly, making me all the happy that they are a staple in my immediate neighborhood, along with Termini's down the block. I'm a lazy ass who should cook for himself more often than I do, so in the meantime, I'm happy to call Cosmi's my go-to spot for breakfast and dinner, and sometimes lunch, though not brunch...not yet, that is...
If I could have a serious word with the throngs of tourists outside of Pat's and Geno's, it would be to take a walk to Jim's or Ishkabibbles for the best cheesesteak in the city. (I know thems be fightin' words....)

But for the lazier ones, I'd tell them say to walk the extra 5 blocks or so to get to Cosmi's. 

Arguably the best cheesesteak in the Italian Market neighborhood. They're moist, well-seasoned, AND you get a choice of bread (hoagie roll or seeded). 

Also I just love the whole scene: a zero frills corner spot, and the dudes behind the counter look like South Philly to a t.

THEN, after you're done lining your stomach with a monstrous Cosmi's steak, you head a block over to Grumpy's for a PBR and a shot. Or four. To all the tourists: please do a hard pass on Geno's.... this is the real South Philly experience!
Cosmi's is a solid, old-school South Philly venue for cheesesteaks, hoagies, and deli fare that's still going strong and doing things right after almost 90 years in existence. As the name implies, this is a deli, and there's not a lot of room to sit inside besides at two folding tables, but it's worth the trip if you can find a spot to sit, or if you can take your food elsewhere. 

A large cheesesteak trio (grilled peppers, fried onions, and mushrooms along with the obligatory cheese) was stuffed full of meat, quite delicious, and well worth the money. It was served very quickly, and even during slower periods it's clear that the shop sees a steady stream of business from local loyals. 

As good as the cheesesteak was, some of the hoagies looked even more hefty and enticing. I suspect I'll be back. Well worth a visit if you're in this part of town.
I had an afternoon to burn in Philly, a city I'd never visited, so I knew I needed to try a cheesesteak. Enter Cosmi's, a totally authentic corner deli. I was greeted by a super friendly gentleman (who I later found out to be the owner) and admitted my cheesesteak virginity to him. He and several other customers in line assured me that I'd come to the right place.

For less than $10, I got what was easily two meals worth of an absolutely unbelievable sandwich. In trying to stick with the basics, my sandwich was steak, provolone, and onions. At first I thought it looked greasy, but it turns out it was just super juicy and delicious. The meat was very lean. The bread was out.of.this.world. It was like the best sandwich bread I've ever had. Couple all of the deliciousness with the nicest, most welcoming owner, and you've got five well-deserved stars.
It really sucks when you're coming from out of town and looking for a place to eat. And then that place doesn't do dine in. If it wasn't for the the one table they had, we would have had to eat our cheesesteaks in our car. This place is meant more for locals. 

We ordered two cheesesteaks with whiz. It took a while for them to make your sandwiches. For some reason, deli places like this always take longer make to food. What I love about deli type restaurants though is that their food is always fresh. The bread in particular. This is by far the most freshest and softest bread I had ever had. 

The cheesesteak itself was tasty. I do wish they could have added more meat thought. Some parts of the sandwich seemed like there was very little when I was biting into it. But maybe that's just me being a fat ass. 

I would definitely recommend this to the locals if you haven't yet. For out of Towners I would look elsewhere. It's not my favorite in Philly but it definitely hit the spot.
Tried this place and had their Godfather Hoagie per a friends request. It was absolutely amazing with all the toppings. I'm not normally a prosciutto kinda girl, but all the flavors in this Hoagie blended so nicely, from the deliciously roasted peppers to olives and sun-dried tomatoes. The sand which is large, enough for 2 servings or to share with.m a friend. Highly recommend!!!
South Philly Italian!

The South Philly Italian is like a symphony of meats. It, and may other of their sandwich creations, reside way up in the stratosphere of sandwich hierarchy. 

Do: Try a riviera, south Philly Italian, Sicilian, Buffalo Chicken Cheese Steak, breakfast sandwich, or some wings; plan on talking a little baseball, and taking your time...you don't need to be in a hurry to leave. 

Don't: Be a tool and add Cosmi's to your list of places to try a 'wiz wit'. They certainly know they difference between plastic cheese and aged provolone, but will happily pander upon request. Get a real sandwich instead...'you'll thank me later.'
Went off th beaten path for a cheesesteak. Parking is a challenge but do-able. Cheesesteak was ok. Good size good price. But the flavor wasn't there for me. Fried onions tasted.. watery?
Feel bad the staff was nice and best of Philly 04 and 08. Need to step it up for another orange circle!
Oh Cosmis, how I love you. 

You never disappoint, if it be with your food, with you service... 

Your cheesesteaks, your hoagies, your chili, your soups, your sandwiches, everything I've had there has been top notch. 

If you are into it, they use sarcone's bread, but they also offer the normal softer rolls.

And the staff is TOP NOTCH.
Absolutely divine cheesesteak.  Get it on a seeded roll and ask for onions.  

Probably the best cheesesteak in Philly.  The steak is incredibly juicy and the cheese and onions complement it perfectly.  

Not to mention, the neighborhood is a great working class area perfect for a post-cheesesteak walk to make yourself feel better after eating the generously sized cheesesteak.  

One criticism would be the lack of seating.  We were lucky as the place was empty when we arrived.
Really enjoy the burgers and especially the fries. They give you such big portions. Get monies worth.
I started working down the street and needed a place to go for a quick and affordable lunch, preferably where I could pick up a pack of cigarettes and a soda while I was there. Oh Cosmi's, how I now love you!

The food is good. On a recent trip some meat-eating relatives declared the cheesesteaks "Umm num a num, dewishesh," which I think is full-mouth speak for damned good.

But, to me, what makes Cosmi's so great is the people running the show. They know I only get a very short lunch break, so they make it a point to get my (huge) order of fries out and paid for quickly. They always have time to chat, whether it's to a local regular or out of town tourists who aren't even sure how to get back on 95. Stop there often enough and you'll hear about the news, the history of the neighborhood, Phillies stats and eventually people's life stories.

And when you're in a neighborhood deli in South Philly, that's exactly as it should be.
I just ate the best hoagie of my life.  Well, half of it anyways, and even though I'm stuffed I keep eyeing that other half.  I've lived within blocks of this place for years and somehow never tried their food until now.

We ordered a Godfather hoagie (my incredibly delicious choice), a Sicilian, and a Caprese.  The Godfather is hoagie perfection- proscuitto, sopressata with lovely chunks of peppercorns, roasted peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, basil, green olives.  I opted to go sans cheese as per usual and I didn't miss it at all.  Get it on the seeded roll for sure, a hoagie roll just wouldn't stand up to the hefty portions of meat and moist fillings and vinegar.  This beauty was $8.95 on a seeded roll and easily enough for two meals.  The other hoagies were in the $6-7 range and were just as large and all around got rave reviews.

The moral of the story is, why wait forever for Sarcone's and pay more when there's Cosmi's? Plus, they deliver.  It's a win-win.
If you haven't eaten a burger at Cosmi, then you haven't had the best burger in Philly. Period. I hear all kinds of rants and raves about bar burgers around town, but this place beats all, and is a burger priced like a friggin burger. 

Personally, I spent 4 years as a vegetarian, but if I'd tasted a Cosmi burger before then, I never would have stopped munching on cows. It's the kind of burger where you bite down and all the flavor of burger you never realized you were missing floods into your mouth, reminding you of that perfect summer town barbecue if dad could ever manage to get the medium-rare order down just right. I don't know what it is, but they must be slaughtering magical cows in the back. 

Beyond the burger, you've got a menu of delicious sandwiches, which grind your decisive abilities to an ecstatic halt. There isn't an unappetizing option. This is South Philly at it's finest. My heart still seizes up a little when I remember the first bite I took out of their chicken parm hoagie. As a connoisseur of chicken parm and being personally filled with a creamy Guido center, my opinion of it as the best I've ever had is not given lightly. 

Go. Eat. Experience heart-wrenching deliciousness. But try not to get as mushy about it as me.Or at least wait until your home. It is South Philly after all.
Best Cheesesteaks sandwich... I had a classic with sharp provolone and grill onion.  

The friendly guy taking my order was right.  Less is more, so, you can taste the meat.  Now, I have tasted the legendary one and I am not sure I can go back. 5*

It is a small and humble deli shop.  I would order it and wolf it down in you nice car when the meat is still hot and cheese melted.
Just had the BEST corned beef special hoagie!  

Called in the order, and it took about 50 minutes for it to get here, but it was worth it.  The roll was soft, the corned beef delicious.  Lettuce, tomato, onions, peppers, all tasted as fresh as if I'd gotten the sandwich when they first opened the door today.

The gentleman who answered the phone and took my order couldn't have been nicer.

I'll definitely order from Cosmi's Deli again and again!
This is THE most original, authentic hoagie in Philadelphia. Fresh, thinly sliced deli meats and cheeses piled in a seeded roll.  All the vegetables are thinly sliced and generously piled on top.  Don't forget to ask for those sweet peppers!

The shop is very busy mainly takeout orders as they only have two small card tables to eat in.  It's fun to sit there while eating and watch an "old school" Philly Italian deli in action.  Staff was friendly.

While you're there, walk down the block to Termini's Italian bakery and pick up a few treats for later.  Better yet if you re driving, park in Termini's lot and walk down to Cosmi's as parking is tight in the area.

There are many hoagie shops in Philly and some popular tourist shops but this is the BEST hoagie in town!
Been going here for a few years now and have never been disappointed. Have only gotten the hoagies - have yet to try the steaks, chicken cutlet or roast pork. Next time. 

Great place to pick up, on your way to a Phils or Eagles game or a concert. Make sure you order the Sarcone's seeded roll - it's worth it. Service is always very efficient w/ good ole S. Philly flair. 

The other nice thing is it's as good as Sarcone's Deli hoagies, but never as crazy busy.
I have been waiting for 100 minutes and still no food.  They are consistently late and I finally canceled the order today at the 105 minute mark. Cosmi's is less than 1.5 miles and could not handle my order today. This was the last time I order from this place.
We were just stopping in Philly for the one night passing to DC from New York and wanted to try a cheesesteak for dinner. We were staying near Pats and Genos but wanted to make sure we got an authentic experience, not just a touristy one so yelped and it came up with Cosmis! My boyfriend was in complete heaven: we got a cheesesteak each on seeded bread with pepper jack cheese and shared an order of Old Bay fries (they had thick cut fries THANK YOU). So amazingly good!! We were there not long before closing so it was quiet and we could get a table indoors. Food came out very quickly and the people working there were all very friendly. Amazing how something so simple could taste so good!!!
Don't ask questions about this joint.  It's the bee's knees.  The cat's pajamas.  

You smellin' what I'm steppin' in?

Cosmi's deli is the place to be.  And if you can't be there, they'll come to you.  Best hoagies around, bar none.  And if you want a cheesesteak to top Jim's, Pat's or Geno's, get it here.  

Italian quality has manifested itself in everything they touch.  Meat lovers unite.  This is our Mecca.
Got pick up for lunch and it made my day.
The godfather on a long roll is aptly named and could also be called the truth.
The antipasto salad was generous and all that I ask for in a deli salad and more. 
Note: I split both with my s/o and still had leftovers.
So if you are looking for a real authentic cheese steak this is the place to go. Don't go to the two famous spots on the corner. Come here. This hole in the wall is where the locals go. This is where you get authentic neighborhood service. Excellent tasting cheese steaks and excellent options.
Cosmi's is not bad, but not really worth the trek to South Philly if you don't live in the area.

The cheesesteak was indeed good, but I don't know. As for the sought-after title of Best Cheesesteak in Philadelphia, it doesn't really beat out Tony Luke's or John's Roast Pork. 

As far as the hoagies go, we tried the Sicilian, with prosciutto, sopressata, hot coppa, mortadella, sharp provolone, and roasted peppers. It was decent, but hoagies are all about the bread, and the bread was not my favorite. The sesame seeded bun worked well with the cheesesteak, since the juices softened up the bread (actually, it got a little soggy on our 3-block walk to the little square on Passyunk), but surrounding the hoagie it was much too hard for my liking. I'm all about chewy crust, but the crust was so hard it tore up the roof of my mouth. Some people may be into that kind of thing, but I'm not. 

Also, there was not nearly enough sharp prov (I only noticed a few thin shreds), and the meat was a little skimpy and didn't taste super high-quality. Something in it tasted like weird bologna (I think the mortadella), and the prosciutto didn't make up for it. I didn't detect any spice or zest from the hot coppa or sopressata, which was disappointing. As far as Italian-style hoagies go, I think I'll stick with Sarcone's. 

Overall, Cosmi's is all right, but I wouldn't go out of my way again.
It doesn't get much better than Cosmi's Deli!  

Friendly people, a great vegetarian selection, and Sarcone's seeded rolls.  My favorite is the Primavera, which is loaded with fresh eggplant, squash, roasted peppers, spinach, and sharp provolone.  It's extra $$ for the seeded roll, but well worth it.
Cosmi's is a pretty solid place.  I've never tried the cheesesteak and I've never been wowed by the sandwiches.  They're good, but not spectacular.

The real thing that Cosmi's has going for it is the wings.  I can't say I even like wings all that much, as I never used to go out of my way to get them or even think to myself "I could go for some wings".  But after trying them at someone's Eagles playoff party a few years back that all changed.  Now, ever so occasionally, it pops into my head that I could go for some of those wings from Cosmi's.
Great cheesesteaks (honestly theirs is much, much better than the "other" spots in the area), carefully constructed hoagies (no sloppy messes), everything I've ever had here has been great. We love the food so much we ordered catering for a party and everything was delicious. Mike was great to deal with - came through with everything as promised. Guests all ate the sh... 

Would absolutely recommend.
This place is pretty much my go to hoagie shop. They are just a few blocks away from Pat's Steaks and Geno's but they are galaxies away quality-wise. I think everyone who lives near Pat's/Geno's should be going to Cosmi's. THESE GUYS ARE GRILL MASTERS. They make your sandwich special, just for you, not in an awful assembly-line of mass-produced and half-assed sandwiches. The have some of my favorite french fries in all of Philadelphia. The chicken wings, unfortunately, are only so-so. They have a great cold drink selection, chips, desserts (Tastycakes,cookies), and a dessert cooler with Ice pops and ice cream sandwiches, etc. 

Plus, BONUS, the have these terrific sesame seed rolls that take your hoagie up that one special notch. I get the turkey and they pack that mother with plenty or filler, enough to make it a two-meal sandwich. It is a great corner sandwich shop.

SECOND BONUS: sometimes there are cute girls working there. Otherwise, there are affable South Philly dudes who like to joke around.
Cosmi's is the default place to get food for me and my roommate, and we're never bored of the same few hoagies. 

This is a really authentic little Italian deli, around since 1932, where the owner knows everyone, and has sandwiches named 'Bobby Gags' and 'Baby Dave's'.. and my favorite.. 'Vinny Riz'! Though I just call it the Chicken Lagasse sandwich. (Still not sure if that is named after Emeril.)  Oh, and the "vegetarian and non-meat (!)" menu that has tuna fish on it. 

That's why I love South Philly!
Although this place is WAY over-rated I decided to give them 4 stars anyway because of the friendly staff. We order from here all the time because it's a few blocks from out house. 

The portions are huge and delicious. My only complain is that sometimes the food arrives cold and I've recieved soggy fries every time.
We got the godfather and the Sicilian, one on a sesame roll and one on a regular hoagie roll. They were both very good, I liked the godfather better, and the sesame roll is the way to go. There was a short wait because of some catering trays that were being prepped, and the two sandwiches cost about $20. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying a steak.
Really good sandwiches which are all named after Philadelphia sports talk radio personalities. 

The people are all very friendly, which is refreshing in this miserable town. We used to get delivery here on lazy, hangover Sundays, even though Cosmi's was on the corner of my buddy's block. I'd get off the phone after ordering and go, "that Cosmi, he's good people," or "Cosmi sure is a nice guy!" Even though I had no idea who I had been talking to.
Based on a highly ranked review from "Frommers", we came to this corner shop.  

The cheesesteak is very impressive.  The bread has a very nice texture, not too chewy and held the meat very well.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  It is definitely a hidden gem in Philly.
Cosmi's has the *BEST* cheese-steak in Philadelphia.  The bread is great, the meat is high quality, and it is put together with care.  Also, Cosmi's has a fresher, non greasy taste.

I went on a Cheese-Steak crawl with my classmates.  We tried Jim's, Pat's, Geno's, John's Roast Pork, and Cosmi's.  Cosmi comes out on top!
Sarcone's bread.  High quality meats. Interesting sandwich combinations.  Sound like your typical South Philly hoagie shop?  You'd be wrong, because this place takes credit cards and is open 'til 9pm!  They deliver, too.

The hoagies and hot sandwiches (chicken cutlet, chicken parm, eggplant parm) are where it's at here.  

The cheesesteak and even pepper and egg are disappointing.  I've had some pretty awful experiences with the fried appetizers.  But get a hoagie here and you will be happy.
Loved it! 

Ordered an Italian on seeded long roll. Um...mortadella, yes please! 

The size of my hoagie was massive. Two people could easily finish one, unless of course they have an appetite like mine.
This is quite the gap in updates, but Cosmi's deserves their fifth star.  I had them cater a lunch for my out-of-state team last week, and they did a phenomenal job.  Mike was perfect with communication, they were spot-on time, the sandwiches (hot and cold) were great, and it was a great value. 

I still find the cheesesteaks to be just average for Philly, but the cold subs, potato salad, pasta salad, wings, and everything else are fantastic.

If you have an office party or need catering, give these guys a call!
Very simple food, very well prepared.  Call ahead to order and get take away, rather than have to wait.  Bike or walk --- parking is non-existent.  Good menu, sometimes hard to choose.
tl;dr an unassuming corner shop off Passyunk serving up some wicked hoagies

There's no shortage of hoagies in Philly, and there's no shortage of self-proclaimed hoagie connoisseurs. Reputable sources and hearsay alike point toward Cosmi's deli as one of the premium hoagie joints in the city. And like many of the greats, Cosmi's itself is a hole-in-the-wall. On my rainy evening visit, I unwittingly drove right past the corner shop. Moreover, the interior reminded me more of a mini-mart than a sandwich specialist. 

I had called ahead and was told that my order would be ready in 15-20 minutes. With a brief glance at the menu, I gravitated toward The Godfather (prosciutto, soppressata, mozzarella, roasted peppers, sundried tomatoes, olives, and oil / balsamic, oh my!) on a Sarcone roll. The pickup was a breeze -- after a card swipe and a quick "Good night," I was fast-walking back to my car, ravenous to sink my teeth into my prize.

As I opened up the bag, I was immediately surprised how generously loaded the sandwich was -- nearly the size of my forearm. And Cosmi's didn't sacrifice quality at the expense of quantity. The Godfather was a charcuterie board of a hoagie. Each ingredient alone was powerful, and each bite was a new melody of aromas, textures, and flavors. The $13 setback was chump change for this good of a sandwich. Even though this place is frustratingly out of the way, I can't wait to go back for seconds.
Solid place for deli grubbin, closeby Termini of you want double trouble with some canolis. I would call ahead or use grub hub as walk in can be slow. Eating inside isn't ideal - much better to take away.

Our sandwiches with oil & vinegar added on the hoagie roll still stayed solid and non-soggy. But I've gotta say I'm the type to like bursting sandwiches with POW flavor, and these didn't leave me with the wow factor that some other places on Philly have. Going to say a solid 3/3.5 stars.
On a mission to try every decent hoagie joint in Philly.. had to check this place out.  This is your typical deli / sandwich shop, except their sandwiches really stand-out. I had their large turkey on seeded roll with sharp provolone, oil and hot peppers: it was perfect.

The bread is Sarcone's, and the sharp provo is found only at your better sandwich joints, a bonus! Prices are good, and they are quick (I was there 10min after my call). Plus the girl up front was nothing but friendly, courteous and being nice on the eyes didn't hurt! 

They have an online presence, check out their menu. Heard their cheesesteaks, Chix cutlets and Italian hoagies are even better!  Great for takeout, and I think they deliver (not sure). I'll be back, hit it up!
I love coming to South Philly for awesome food.  Cosmi's does not disappoint.  You know what else Philly has besides cheesesteaks?  Super awesome hoagies!  The Godfather hoagie is about 18 inches of total awesomeness.  I am thinking only one word sums up Cosmi's Deli.  AWESOME
I ordered two hoagies over the phone the last time I was here and I cannot believe what I saw when I came to pick up my order. The cashier who was also going over the deli section to help the food prep was NOT WEARING A MASK. She thought being behind the plexiglass at the counter would be good enough between customers and herself. This is NOT true. It's not okay, not safe. Our turkey hoagies were good (we baked it when we got home just to be sure it's fine... I mean I understand covid doesn't quite last on surfaces and food, but it's weird), but honestly not good enough if this deli chooses not to care enough for customer concerns. If the health department saw this, they'd be shut down, and they know that, yet they allow this to happen. Small businesses need to care about staying up on top cdc and health department guidelines if they want to stay open.

When I lived in this neighborhood years ago growing up, I came to Cosmi's deli a lot. It's was my go-to childhood shop for chips, soda, bangin' crab cakes, and Italian hoagies (it was amazing). I really don't understand why they're not big on staying safe now.
Excellent authentic Philly hoagies! This is the perfect place to pick up a quick lunch. Even though they are always busy, there never seems to be that long of a wait. You will experience the perfect little deli with drinks and chips to go with your sandwhich. My favorite part are the prices. You would think these were smaller hoagies since they prices are all less than $10 but they are still HUGE! Love this place!
Years ago as a tourist to Philly, I was disappointed with the usual cheesesteak lineups I tried during my visits.

I saw this place recommended in a Frommer's review and navigated my way back into S. Philly to find it.  Unlike other places mass-scale prep, I actually ordered it and waited while it was made.

In my mind this is the only cheesesteak I've had that's got all the right areas covered...meat not gristly or greasy...cheese in perfect proportion and incorporated with meat...bread crusty outside with a soft yielding inside without any spillage or grease-drips.

I've been living in Philly for almost 2 months now and I haven't had a cheesesteak yet, but this will be the place I get back on the habit.
Hoagies, a Philly staple. After asking a Facebook group Philly Foodies!, we were directer to Cosmi'w and oooh it was a pretty good sandwich. Freshly sliced meats, well balanced, and bread to hold up is all one can ask for in a good sandwich.  Drink selections were a great variety from sodas, teas, and juices and one of the best parts is they have cheesesteaks, too. South Philly staple with brothely love service and oooh they deliver.
This place is where you go to pick up a sandwich in philly. I've been here multiple tried their hoagies, cheesesteaks and chicken cutlet sandwich they all been satisfying. I rather come here for a cheesesteak than go to Geno's any day.
I walked about a mile and half to this spot to try a cheesesteak after reading multimple reviews and an article from 2004 from Philadelphia Magazine naming it the best in the city.

I had been to philly a number of times and had enjoyed all the cheesesteaks I had eaten, so I was pretty confident that I would not be blown away... But man are their sandwiches awesome.

Dude was a bit gruff and prolly didnt feel the Yankees hat I was wearing, but I really appreciated the feel of a neighborhood deli, with mad people coming in and out to pickup their orders.

It was so good I came back 2 days later to scoop another one before heading back to the city. I will definitely make a stop here next time I'm in Philly and will follow my instincts and order two.
Incredibly underwhelming wouldn't even describe it.

Maybe I just caught them on a really off night or maybe they have something against grubhub orders, but I'm pretty surprised this place has such good reviews. I ordered the chicken cutlet sandwich and paid $1 extra each for bacon and long hots. So the sandwich was about 10 bucks. The sandwich literally was: bread, chicken cutlet, bacon and long hots. No spread (not even mayo), no lettuce, no tomato. Nothing. If I didn't pay the extra $2, would I really have received just bread and chicken?? That's absolutely ridiculous. I actually had to add my own mayo to the sandwich or else it would have been inedibly dry.

Also the french fries were just crinkle cut fries. I doubt they are homemade.

The only reason I'm not rating lower was because the potato salad was decent. But that's pretty hard to screw up, at least according to my taste buds.


Seriously though, most confusing sandwich experience I've ever had.
Wow! Omg wow. This was one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten! It took a while to make, and I think it was $13.95. I spoke the the owner of the store, he said this was popular, and after the first bite I could tell why! 

I ordered the loaded cheese steak and I don't even remember what was in it, lots of steak, pepperoni, bacon, it looked like some salami, we chose the cheese wiz option, and I can't wait to come back to Philly to eat this again. We had the seeded roll, not sure this made any difference at all, but the filling was perfectly seasoned, and there was a lot of grease and salt in the sandwich, and it really hits the spot. 

We also bought a tiramisu, this wasn't very impressive, but this place ain't known for its baked goods, but rather the incredibly delicious sandwiches. If your in the city you need to go to this place to try their sandwiches. We also bought a vegetarian, and plain cheese steak, all were really really good!

The owner also had some other good stuff, this place doubles up as a convenience store it looks like with a few miscellaneous items, and a few good options for juices, we bought a case of juice, enjoyed it all the way home, and had some left over for the next two weeks or so. 

Be prepared to wait for your sandwich, go with an appetite Because we had to split the sandwich three ways. The lines are sometimes long here, they seem to have some good neighbourhood clientele that are repeat customers, as I would be too if I lived in the area.
In my opinion, this was an absolute disaster of a culinary experience. First of all, be prepared to either park illegally or at least 10 min away as most of the nearby spots are taken. When I arrived, I asked for some recommendations and was basically given a cold shoulder and a menu. While waiting in line, I heard very loud exasperated complaints from the front desk whenever new customers arrived and cursing under their breath and looking at their watches, which felt highly unprofessional. As for the food, I got a Godfather and roast pork with broccolini. The roast pork sandwich was incredibly greasy, and instead of broccolini, I just got soggy wilted spinach instead. The godfather was ok, but also made me drink gallons of water due its saltiness. At the end of the day, I would not return.
So after hearing from some of Philly's Finest about avoiding Pat's and Geno's . . . I did some research and settled on Cosmi's for my cheesesteak Tour de Philly Fix.  Highly reviewed and good hours for me to pick up a cheesesteak before departing Philadelphia.

I am so not used to the Philly swag, so I was expecting like a traditional sub shop . . . instead I walk into a spot with a corner store vibe that also sold TastyKakes (yum) and Water Ice's (yum) . . . both were things I was meaning to try while in Philly.  I guess it is a deli as they sell meat by the pound and hoagies as well.

They name their cheesesteaks so dude recommended the loaded cheesesteak and i was like go for it.  I hear whiz is the way to go but I'm a Provolone fan and dude said it wouldn't be a problem.  Took a solid 10 minutes or so to make but I wasn't in a rush.  They had a small little table with 4 chairs but I didn't feel like eating my sandwich in there so I waited until I got on the road and digged in.

I paid extra for the seeded roll . . . but man was it worth it.  Soft, Soft bread, really complimented the sub well.  The meat was good, but I don't think I should have gotten the sub loaded . . . just took away from the whole sandwich.  Too much was going on . . . I should have stuck with green peppers, onions and mushrooms . . . all that banana peppers and pepperoni and whatever else was in there is for the birds.  One sandwich is definitely big enough for 2 people unless you are extremely hungry.  I did enjoy my cheesesteak though.

I mean who knows the next time I'm gonna be in Philly but I would definitely give them another chance if I lived there . . . I wouldn't get the sandwich loaded but the meat was good and the bread was top notch.  I'm not gonna say it was the best cheesesteak I ever had, but it was a suitable choice for my "Philly" cheesesteak experience.
I had been wanting to try Chickie's but they're always closed at convenient times.  Like when we need a big Italian hoagie after work prior to the Phillies game.  I ordered the Italian Caprese.  Extremely, extremely tasty sandwich.  Fresh prosciutto and mozzarella, tomatoes, basil, olive oil.  Friendly service.  Nice local feel.  Only problem was they were out of their specialty "seeded bread."  I have little "REAL" Italian hoagie experience to compare but I think this sandwich was 5 stars!
The cheesesteak from here is delicious and brings the heartbeat of Philly! This is definitely a must go when you are on the south side.
The most authentic take on an Italian hoagie that you can get. I got the South Philly Italian and it brought back memories of my childhood growing up here in PA. You really can't go wrong here. The time to wait at night, especially if it's a busy night (or a rainy night, where they have to fulfill a ton of GrubHub orders), you might have to wait up to 15 minutes for your sandwich to turn out, but trust me it's well worth it. Grab a bag of Herr's Chips and a birch beer and you're set.
Great hoagies. Great Salads. Great roasted veggie trays. The owner is a really nice guy who cares about his deli. It's a gem. And they use the good bread.
Okay sandwiches. A very south Philly sandwich experience. If you go the cheesesteak is probable the right choice. Definitely a real slice of Philly life. Maybe a bit grungy for some. No parking in the area so be ready drive a bit if you are a visitor.
Wish I could review the Italian hoagies at this place. Today I decided to try them out with the caprese. Unfortunately what I got was a roll with tomatoes and mozzarella. I called to say they forgot the meat and I was told I had to ask specifically for the Italian caprese because " there are a lot of vegetarians out there." Don't know why I would go to a s. Philly Italian deli for a tomato sandwich but there ya go. $10 bucks for the worst lunch in years. Would have been nice for them to try to fix but instead they just blamed me for ordering wrong.
hands down the best steak in Philly. first time I was here I hit 5-7 places and since then I've tried them all. get it jacked up and it's absolutely pure joy. amazing all the way around . it's a ritual for me to hit grumpys tavern and cosmis right after . THE ABSOLUTE BEST! I love it !!
Very disappointing. I ordered the cheesesteak with on a plain roll. The meat and cheese had something foreign in it like grit. I could only eat 1 bite.
Well I would have a picture of my food to go with this review if I hadn't eaten it at the speed of light- because it was LITERALLY that good. Like you know how they say Philly Cheese Steaks are actually better if they're from Philly? Yeah, I discovered the day I went here that it's true. 100%. This place is tucked in on a corner, and upon first glance you might think it's a hole-in-the-wall that you briefly consider skipping. But don't! You would SO regret it. I had the most amazing, mouth-watering Philly cheesesteak AND veggie lovers cheese steak from here. It's worth a trip to Philly all by itself. I would give it 6 stars if I could. Quick service too.
I almost feel as if this doesn't need to be said but cosmis has given me so many good sandwiches that two minutes to write a review is the least i can do. I moved to philly a few years ago never having experienced the cheesesteak, luckily I was told early on theres no point in even trying the horse meat served from the neon glowing establishments on 9th street, still it took a while to discover this place but once I did, I never turned back, they still have the best cheesesteak in my opinion and every time i go home to new york i bring sandwiches for my entire family from cosmis, and they can't get enough of them. 

my order is a regular whiz with bacon or chicken cutlet with fresh mozz and pesto, my boyfriend says their south philly italian is the best sandwich around.

i will always get my cheesesteaks from cosmis even when i no longer live 2 blocks away
My go to hoagie delivery place through grub hub. The turkey hoagie and Italian hoagie on seeded bread are my favorites. Their coleslaw is a solid side, a nice balance of crunchy and creamy.
Tried this for the first time last night after seeing all the mentions of it via the South Silly group on Facebook. We ordered at 830, 30 minutes before they closed and ordered the homemade roast pork with mild provolone and my boyfriend got the cheesesteak with American. It took over an hour (they warned us an hour) and both our sandwiches were dry. We also got the old bay fries with wiz and they were awesome but I had to dip my sandwich into the wiz to make it less dry. I expected more from this place but maybe since we ordered so late it wasn't their best. Willing to try again but get something different.
Cosmi's you are the REAL DEAL. The best deli I have came across in Philadelphia (or ever).

I am not a sandwich kind of person, but my boyfriend is. 
I ordered the bbq chicken hoagie. My boyfriend ordered a grilled chicken w/ red peppers and spinach wrap. 

My bbq chicken sandwich was very health conscious that includes: shredded lettuce, onions, olive oil, tomatoes, yellow peppers and thinly sliced chicken. Also, their bread is very soft and chewy. The bread really got me ! 
I devoured the entire hoagie. haha

Cosmi's converted me to a sandwich loving gal.
Please check out this neighborhood deli!
Surprisingly bad. I'm sure there are things they make that merit their good reputation, but those were not included in our order. The good news: Chicken tenders were above average. Fresh mozzarella was good.
The meh: roast pork was bland and dry. Sharp provolone was dull. The broccoli rabe was not overcooked! It tasted ok, but couldn't make up for the lousy pork and cheese. The rice pudding was inoffensive, but had less flavor and texture than Kozy Shack. One of the sandwiches had raw onion that wasn't listed in the ingredients, ruinning it. The beyond burger had vegan mayo even though we asked for it to be left off.
The bad news: the beyond burger was overcooked. The fries were disgusting. Both the plain fries and cheese fries had an off taste somewhere between cardboard and sour. Both were soggy. 
The oreo pie was inedible. It was both gummy and dry with a strong bitter chemical flavor. The "peanut butter explosion" cake didn't taste like peanut butter and had a chemical taste only mostly covered by the goopy, overly sweet, nominally chocolate frosting. We were so hungry that we gave this sad meal more chances than we wish we had. Now we regret both it and the pounds (!) of food in our trash can.
Would order again. Eggplant parm sandwich was large and filling. Roll was nice and soft, not soggy or saucy. Broccoli bites are just the right level of salty, and savory too. Crisp and not too oily. Sautéed broccoli rabe could've passed for steamed. Delivery arrived almost 30 minutes earlier than Yelp predicted.
So my uncle and I decided to take a 2+ hour detour on our way back to Johnstown (Pittsburgh area) from Ocean City MD to try our 7th Philly steak joint. After weighing our options we chose Cosmi's, which was a good choice! 

I got my usual, American without onions and I sprung for the seeded roll. It was pretty awesome all around. Great, flavorful steak, plenty of cheese, and as others have said the seeded roll is a MUST! The only complaint I would have is that they lay the cheese down on the bun and then the meat instead of melting some on top, so all the steak is not smothered in cheese, but it's a small complaint in the end. 

So my uncle and I agreed that Cosmi's is our fourth favorite out of the 10 joints we've tried, the only discrepancy is that he puts it barely above our #5, Joe's Steak + Soda Shop, whereas I say it's nipping on the heals of our #3, Gooey Looie's, I think it's because he didn't get the seeded roll, but either way we both loved it overall.

P.S. it was REALLY hard not ordering anything else off of the menu, the Italian hoagies looked/sounded amazing. But unfortunately we're from out of town and our focus is on Steaks for now.

My current rankings:

1. Dalessandro's 
2. John's Roast Pork
3. Gooey Looie's
4. Cosmi's Deli
5. Joe's Steak & Soda Shop
6. Ishkabibble's
7. Chubby's Steaks
8. Jim's Steaks South Street
9. Pat's King of Steaks
10. Geno's Steaks
3.5 stars: I was super excited to try the cheesesteaks (based on the reviews)...To my disappointment, the quality of the cheesesteak was not what I expected. There was like a lack of flavoring or something...I wasn't too impressed with the overall quality of the cheesesteak. But the portions are quite large and the service was good.
This is one of the best hoagies in Philadelphia. Get the Sicilian. The guys there were real friendly and got my stuff done really quick. 

The wings are also top notch. I honestly wasn't expecting that, but very pleasantly surprised. 

South Philly classic
Hoped to find some good wings in Philly, not too much to ask right?

I ordered the house soup - Italian wedding which tasted like it came straight from a can. Also I ordered wings which barely had any flavor to them. Fries weren't cooked long enough. 
All in all, my food from Cosmi's was mediocre.
This place has amazing sandwiches! 
Some of the best I've ever had. I've never been disappointed. 
It's a south Philly corner hole in the wall and it's fantastic. Sesame seed roll. Perfect meat-veg-sauce ratios. 
Had one of their salads recently with seared tuna- very good, large size, lasted me two meals. 
FYI- The chicken for the chicken cheesteak is chopped, not chunky
RUNNER UPS

Philly cheese steak sandwiches are overrated.  I ate at Jim's which were very very bland and here at Cosmi's which was more flavorful but still not a wowzer.

I got the cheese whiz and mushrooms and onions.  They give you a choice of hard roll or soft which I chose the soft.   The steak was seasoned and with the cheese whiz it became a little bit TOO salty for my tastebuds.  

This is embarrassing but I'd rather eat a cheese steak sandwich from a chain like the Great Steak Co.  at least they get it right on having the right flavor down!
Terrific steak sandwich. Owner was great. Beats the other "known" neon lit pretenders. This is genuine and the real deal. Most importantly the friendly attention to clients was absolutely different from the others in area
The greatest cheesesteak I've e'er known. The people are always insanely friendly and the cheesesteaks are just amazing. I cannot say enough about them.

Just knowing they exist gives me renewed hope in humanity.
Delivery *sometimes* comes with a side of sexual harassment depending on who you get.
I was in Philadelphia this past weekend with some friends and we decided to try the cheesesteaks at both Tony Luke's and Cosmi's.  We first stopped at Tony Luke's and I had the worst cheesesteak I had ever tasted.  But Cosmi's saved the day!  The cheesesteak was piping hot.  The steak was perfectly moist and the cheese was wonderfully melted.  I tried both with the regular roll and the sesame roll and I preferred the sesame roll - it just gave a little extra touch of flavor.  Highly recommended!!
I've eaten here numerous times and recently the service/food has been more and more disappointing. I ordered takeout this evening and will not be ordering from Cosmis ever again. After ordering online, I was quoted a 20 minute pickup time. I walked in 20 minutes after ordering and was told they were working on my food. I sat down to wait and after 15 minutes I noticed several people had been in to pickup. After waiting 30 minutes and noticing a) that a family that had come in after me and ordered food to eat there had already received their order, and b) all of the employees in The restaurant (including the 3 - yes, 3 - guys working the register/phone) were milling around the counter, not making food or taking calls. At this point, I asked one of the guys behind the register if my order was up and he looked at me like I had two heads. He checked the line and surprise! my order had been sitting behind the counter for about 25 minutes. By the time I got home, all three sandwiches and our french fries were soggy and inedible. The chicken Caesar wrap we ordered did not have Caesar dressing or any real flavor, save for the soggy wrap and the bland chicken. We tossed the food from Cosmis and ordered food from down the street. Bad service and worse food.
Ordered last sunday, football season. You would think you would have fresh ingredients. Nope south philly Italian hoagie. Worst (warm)cold cuts ever. Lamest excuse for a hoagie. Roast pork. More like petrified chipped pork meat with a tiny slice of cheese, no gravy. Sad to say soggy mushroom cheesesteak was the best of the worst three. And was like dog food
 Oh yea, the hoagie was the warmest of all 3 sandwiches. Terrible. Oh yea. I am 3 blocks from here and it took 1 hour 15 mnutes for delivery...cook let sit until you have 20 orders...get your shit together.
Cosmi's Deli by far makes the BEST cheesesteak in the city.  Don't waste your time or money elsewhere go directly to Cosmi's you will not be disappointed.  The guys that work here are great when you call in your order, and their delivery man is a gentlemen through and through.  I am so glad that a good friend recommended Cosmi's otherwise I would have thought I had already eaten the best cheesesteak in the city which would not have been the case.
This is as south philly as your going to get come here for a real sandwich if your in town.

It's a local no frills deli serven up some darn good sandwiches.

I hardly ever order Italian subs so I went for it and ordered the South Philly Italian w/prosciutto, hot capicola, salami & provlone plenty of oil and seasonings just the way I like them.

Just a bunch of locals walking in there ordering up catchen a few innings of the ball game I'd call this a 10 star hole in the wall.
