Hands down, my favorite spot to hit up when the sushi craving hits (which happens fairly often). I have gone to the restaurant quite a few times, ordered delivery here and there, and even picked up a lunch special before. With fish so fresh, presentation so gram worthy, and perfect price to portion, I'm a fan.

Out of the many times I've ordered their speciality rolls, my absolute favorite is the Aries with the spicy dancing kani running a close second. The Aries first spoke to me when I saw it was one of their "no rice" sushi roll offerings (hell yeah to no carbs, all seafood). This roll comes with spicy crunchy salmon, shrimp tempura, and avocado wrapped in seaweed. It is fresh and delicious. Always my first choice. 

The spicy dancing kani is made with spicy crunchy crabmeat, chopped crabmeat, and avocado. Unlike the Aries, this one comes with rice. Also a delicious roll, and a stellar choice for those who would rather something cooked, not raw. 

During my last visit, I also tried the caetus which was just as great as it sounded on the menu. The crunchy lobster, spicy crunchy crabmeat, shrimp tempura and mango in this roll was wrapped in pancake and drizzled with a honey mustard sauce. This was definitely the "craziest" of the bunch being that the rolls were very unique, extremely heavy, and huge. Although I enjoyed a couple of them, I let my boyfriend power through the rest. They kind of gave me that uncomfortably full feeling. I could do without them next time. 

Crazy Sushi really kills it with presentation. From martini glasses, to flowers and plants, and blinking lights, no matter what your sushi order, your plate will always come out looking fabulous. I really can't help but glance around at all the other customers food because everyone's plates look so cool and different! No chance of your Instagram post looking basic here! Everyone's pictures are going to look different!

Service is great, and prices are reasonable. Speciality rolls range from $12 to $15 and they are quite big and filling. During my most recent visit, my boyfriend and I ordered a total of three speciality rolls and left very full and content. We even brought back some leftovers!

Be sure to check this place out if you're feeling some sushi and wanting a fun, energetic, and lively scene. Since the restaurant is BYO and is pretty causal, it makes for a great spot to let loose with some friends and/or family!
Crazy Sushi remains my go-to for an inexpensive sushi lunch delivery during the week. Their lunch specials are great; I always get three rolls with soup and rarely deviate from that order. By the time tax and gratuity are added, my total is still less than twenty bucks! Delivery is usually super quick, often within a half hour of placing an order. I usually see the same delivery man who is always very friendly. Love this place!
Very solid sushi available for delivery via Eat24! Crazy Sushi popped up as an option when I wanted a lunch delivery last week, so I decided to give them a try over my usual sushi delivery spot. Their lunch specials are legit (three rolls plus soup or salad for $12!) and I was very pleased to see the brown rice option for $1 more. 

My order arrived within the promised window (a very reasonable 30-45 minutes) and I was very happy with the quality of the food. The fish tasted fresh and the spicy roll wasn't drowning in sauce. Also, the rice wasn't too heavy-handed, which I was happy about. 

I repeated my lunch order today with the same great results. Crazy Sushi, you've got a new regular!
I rarely get the opportunity to dine in Philly. Today I had an opportunity and came in with my wife and daughter. I knew that I had to choose a sushi restaurant because my daughter is picky and loves shrimp tempura rolls. Looking through yelp reviews and number of ratings, I came up with Crazy Sushi. The name of the restaurant had me biased against it for some reason. Maybe because the name sounds low class, or maybe too jovial. I had to be crazy to try this place!

I did wind up eating here for lunch and I'm glad I did! Like a lot of the old houses in Philly this restaurant is narrow in width. It's dimly lit with a modern look. A neon glow can be seen coming from the ledge of the walls, slowly rotating colors.

The sushi is decent here. There are sushi and sashimi lunch specials, roll specials and Bento box lunch specials. I ordered eel avocado, Alaska roll and rainbow caviar roll. My wife and daughter ordered kani crunch roll and any 3 roll lunch (ebi tempura, spicy cook scallop,  and tako maki). Everything was delicious! Best part was the sushi was plated in a beautiful presentation with blinking lights! The second best thing is the waiter took the liberty to combine 2 of my rolls and make it a any 2 roll lunch! Also the rolls came out as 8 pieces rather than the usual 6! One negative is the shrimp tempura is very crunchy. That bothered my daughter, but I actually liked it!

The sushi menu has a couple of pages of creative rolls . The rest of the menu has the standard stuff seen at japanese restaurants, but there are some interesting items under special appetizers. The only thing that doesn't belong is pad thai -  if you're that customer that hates japanese food, it's for you.  

Wait staff is attentive but not too talkative. If you want take out, you can order it via eat24. They also make your rolls with brown rice here. Definitely check this place out. Nobody will think you're crazy.
Crazy Sushi is Crazy good and Crazy delicious. If you haven't picked up on this theme of this review the word Crazy will be used quite a bit. My girlfriend thought so highly of this place she proclaimed it one of the best sushi places in the city... She is normally crazy but she may be onto something with her assessment. The amount of Special rolls on their menu is ridiculous and the apps selection is also pretty big. I remember getting the rock shrimp app, a weird salad sashimi which was surprisingly refreshing and tasty. As for the sushi Awesome we had 3-4 different special rolls which were all very good (Fresh Fish, Fresh rice, unique ingredients and great presentation) all perquisites for good sushi were met. The Craziest thing about this place.. BYOB... Hell yeah when a restaurant is delicious and its BYOB its like having your cake and eating it too.
I decided to try something new and ended up wishing I had just gone to Fat Salmon.  The spicy tuna roll and the white tuna tempura roll were good.  It pretty much ended there.  The seaweed roll had more "crunchy" then seaweed salad, which made it dry and flavorless.  The tornado roll, which says sesame dressing in the description, was actually covered in mayonnaise.  The presentation on the devil roll was lovely and it would have been really good, had it not been for the thick, sweet, pink sauce that it was floating on.  Blech.

And the final straw, the tuna pizza.  The tuna was so poorly cut; it retained all of it's white sinew making it impossible to separate the pieces.  This was a deal breaker for me.
Crazy sushi is open for its second week.  Stopped in for lunch, and there was no one else there.  They have a pretty extensive menu, lots of options besides sushi.  They have a few different lunch specials including 3 rolls for 12.  This is $1 more than the other sushi lunch specials in the area, but no big deal.  At first glance, they have a lot of options for the 3 roll special plus soup or salad, a list of 43 different rolls.  I went with spicy tuna, Alaska, and spicy scallop, plus a salad.  The waitress came back and said spicy scallop isn't included, I said it was on the list, and she said that was a mistake, so I requested the crabmeat apple.  I got brown rice for all of them.  She arrived with the sushi, and instead of crabmeat apple she had given me apple avocado.  I pointed that out, and she took the sushi away so they could make the correct roll.  She came back and my crabmeat apple was actually imitation crabmeat apple.  That's really not what I wanted, and there was no way for me to know it was going to be the fake crab, so I just didn't eat that roll.  It should say crabstick not crabmeat.

The spicy tuna was good, not too much mayo, and my Alaska roll had a decent amount of fish.  All the fish seemed fresh.  

Bill came, it's a 75 cents up charge per roll for brown rice, but 15% off right now because of the grand opening.  I'm willing to give it another chance, but considering they just opened and should be wanting to impress customers so that they return, especially when Vic's, Machi, and Tsuki, are a few blocks away, I was underwhelmed.
This place gets a solid 3 stars (3.5 for the free yelp checkin edamame and groupon) and gets added in to the sushi rotation.

PROS
-Reasonably priced (bill came to 40ish for 2 hungry sushi overeaters).
-Interesting rolls- The waitress recommended the Bloomingdales roll-pink, with spicy tuna, salmon, kani, shrimp, and yellowtail, topped with longan (it's like lychee).
-Really nice presentation- seriously, flowers, and giant leaves all up in there.

CONS
-Service-um...where's my plate? We had to flag down the waiter when it got busy, but when they weren't busy there was serious hovering happening. you brought me the wrong check (we didn't notice) and asked us to fix it as we were literally on our way out? 
-Mixed Tempura was pretty small (although only $7) and wayyy too much tempura on the shrimp. I'm not even sure there was a shrimp in there.
- Is Nicki Minaj appropriate dinner music? Unclear.
- I felt like I was on a date with the people next to us when it got crowded. Which was awkward, because they were on a date, I'd say first or second judging by the conversation and polite laughter.

Definitely a steal with the groupon, and might even go again without!
Grabbing a 3 roll sushi special at a spot like Vic is one of my all time favorite Rittenhouse Square lunch pastimes. But Crazy sushi might have just took it to a whole new level with their crazy good lunch special that's not to be missed. Because $8 gets you 2 of their cut sushi roll w/ a salad or soup, and $12 gets you the same deal with 3 rolls.

Usually the 3 roll specials only have maybe 10-12 options to choose from, but hand roll menu takes it up another level with plenty of vegetarian, fish, and spicy options to choose from. so you can go basic with spicy tuna, California roll, and an eel roll. Or you can go different with pumpkin roll, salmon skin, crabmeat apple, spicy scallop, or avocado mango. While I could have definitely done better than my spicy salmon, spicy scallop, and spicy shrimp variation (sometimes spice is on the mind!), I definitely got some quality rolls at a good price.

Even though I ordered takeout, I was promptly offered a seat and given a glass of water while I waited. upon which I was able to make note of the cush interiorand fact that they did BYOB. So while I definitely plan revisit for lunch, I also plan on bringing a bottle and couple guests for a sit down try of some of their interesting appetizers and sushi bar offerings.
Had a really great dinner here! First of all, from the unimpressive front of the building, I didn't expect this place to be classy at all. The inside was surprisingly nice--it had stone walls with nice lighting and comfortable booths and chairs.

They are getting 5 stars for the food, service, and ambiance. Our waitress was very friendly, cleared plates quickly, and didn't give us any attitude when we gave her our Groupon (I hate when servers do that!). The food was excellent! Everything tasted very fresh, and the salmon and avocado, eel, and spicy tuna were all great. We also ordered the New York roll which had salmon, lobster, and avocado in it. So good! The $40 for the groupon went a long way, and on top of the free edamame we got for checking in on Yelp, I basically had to waddle home. My boyfriend and I really liked this place and will definitely be back!

FYI: It's BYO, and there's a Wine and Spirits shop only a block away, so if you forget to come prepared, no big deal.
Stay away from the Ginza Roll! You have been warned. I wanted to try a new sushi variation so I went with the Ginza Roll and the crab meat and apple roll. The Ginza roll is basically grilled salmon with onion, masago, and mayo. I love all the ingredients but once you put them together you are setting yourself up for failure. I almost threw up after tasting it. To my surprise, the crab meant and apple roll were actually pretty tasty and I recommend it. The service in this place was just border line ok. They get incredibly busy at lunch so obviously they service wont be as quick. Decent place if you go super early and avoif the ginza roll.
Summary:
I am fortunate to have relatives who own sushi restaurants and my brother is a very skilled sushi chef.  Sushi (and fish sauce) runs through my veins.  I always make an effort to sample different sushi across the country.  

For sushi, there is no escape from quality. Unfortunately, the only quality from this place is the service, which cannot make up for poor, low grade sushi. One star for the service and another for location.

Food:
Poor quality sushi.  To all sushi lovers out there (e.g., those who appreciates fresh cuts of fish and doesn't over soy sauce their fish), please try better restaurants elsewhere.  I really wanted to like this place, considering the reviews, but I am skeptical now, since this place used lots of imitation crab and very thin cuts of fish - to save on cost. When you start seeing fish or seafood that has been mulched into tiny pieces or turned into goo, it cannot be called sushi.  I also got sick here. :-(

Location and Ambiance:
Location is great, but the ambiance is okay.  There is a staleness about the place that is seems more fresh than their sushi, sadly.

Service:
Great, attentive service.
They bait and switched me when I tried to book a large party.

I had a reservation for 40 people at $20/head. After the owner agreed to hold the table for me, he continued to take reservations and once he had enough other reservations, he cancelled on me and claimed I hadn't actually booked the table.

Stay away.
I've been wanting to try Crazy Sushi for awhile, because why wouldn't I want my sushi glowing neon?!

Anyway, when I saw a groupon deal, I snagged it in an instant. I expected the place to be tiny and crazy looking. It was actually a little classier than anticipated. Not CLASSY, just more classy than in my head. So much so, that I ran up the street to grab wine. Why I didn't automatically bring wine is beyond me.

We ordered a few different rolls and the tuna pizza. The tuna pizza was the clear winner of the meal. Actually, now I want it, as I write this.  Everything else was just okay. Typical inexpensive sushi. 

What about the crazy, you ask? The food was presented interestingly and beautifully. And yes, it was glowing. However, our table was pretty small and I kept dropping the crazy on the floor. Luckily not the sushi itself, just the crazy part. Towards the end of the meal, I was frustrated and saying, "Crazy, just get off my plate. I'm trying to eat."

I went for the crazy, but I'm returning for the tuna pizza.
I ate here alone on a Thursday night. It is a small place but they were able to seat me right away. I started with a vampire bowl which I was really excited to try because I love tuna tar tar. It did not disappoint. It was a tuna tar tar fried in tempura with avocado and a sauce on top of some greens. I thought it was overall pretty light and delicious. 

While this is not the best sushi I have ever had I thought that the ingredients tasted fresh. It was disappointing to see that just about all of their specialty rolls have "crunchy" in them. I tend to think that at takes away from the flavor and adds a strange texture but maybe some people love it. Who knows. Anyway, I ordered two rolls off of their specialty roll menu- the Sakura roll and the one night stand roll. The "house sauce" on the Sakura roll was basically a Thai red chili sauce which sort of disappointed me because I don't really care for that. I was able to scrap most of it off but this was my least favorite out of the two. The one night stand roll does not have any rice and is wrapped in fish. I thought it was pretty tasty. I'm not sure what the sauce on top was.

The service was really fast I had a table full of food before I could finish my appetizer. I was right next to the entrance and noticed that about 6 people came in to pick up to go orders while I was there so this must be a good place if you are looking for food to take home.
My girlfriend, brother, and I came here looking to try a new sushi place in the city. We have tried Fat Salmon and Doma, both of which we absolutely loved. One of our close friends said that Crazy Sushi was her own personal favorite in the city so we definitely had to give it a shot. 

The Verdict is: We absolutely loved it and it matches up against any sushi place in Philadelphia. While all the rolls were excellent, the Bagel Roll was the one that really rocked my world. 

The service is great and the atmosphere is trendy, albeit a little loud. It's also BYO so bring some good wine or beer along.
The restaurant looks nice. We order two sushi rolls and one tuna tartare.  tuna tartare was ok but the other rolls were really...bad .the taste are just not right! They gave a discount coupon for us but not sure we want to go back again
Fishy tasting roles served on overly complicated plates. The individual pieces were cut with what looked like a rough knife giving the fish crooked edges and unclean cuts.  Their unique rolls and combinations are too complex and the ingredients aren't exactly "fresh".  

The dining room is a super loud room with tables in front of a wall-long bench and chairs on the opposite site, almost too tight for comfort.  

The service is fast, but the food is horrible.  Both my date and myself left with stomach pains and then spent the night in the bathroom.

AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!
This place is totally decent. I've been here once for dine-in and once for take-out. No complaints. 

What you really need to know is this: Crazy Sushi is currently offering a "two rolls for $6/three rolls for $8" opening special. Crazy sushi, crazy cheap. 

When I dined in on the first day they were in business, this special was not offered. Don't know when it will end, either. Get it while you can.
This is one of those places that I really want to love. I've lived down the block for a few weeks now, but visited Crazy Sushi even when I was living up in UC.

To start off, the food is good. The rolls are priced fairly, and the veggie gyoza compares to the best of the same that I've had in Cali (full disclosure: I think Cali has the best Japanese food in the country). The plates are beautifully decorated, and I think the decor inside the place, bar the color changing effects, are absolutely beautiful (I'm a fan of contemporary design). In particular, the sweet potato roll and the cucumber+avocado roll are my favorites, although I'm looking forward to trying the mango one soon too.

In any case, I really want to like the place, but the constant finding of hairs (not ours) in the food during our two visits and the subsequent 'not-caring' of the wait staff has been somewhat disappointing. Further, the lack of attention to detail - not bringing over new soy sauce containers when the other one is empty, not refilling water, etc. is disappointing as well, and in all, costs Crazy Sushi 2 stars.

With that being said, the food is still good, but if they just wore hair nets or whatnot and kept things more hygienic, and improved service a tad bit, that would definitely go a long way!
This place is great! It's a BYO, which is also wonderful cause it saves a bit, and the food isn't too pricey! 

I went a little bit ago, so I can't quite remember what I got, but all the sushi rolls were fantastic! The presentation was gorgeous (one of our rolls was served in a martini glass with a ice cube that light up different colors) and also the sushi was very fresh. Just the perfect amount of rice (not too loaded so you got a good amount of fish), and the sauces were fantastic.

Our waitress was very attention, but not crowding over us. She always made sure that my water glass would be filled before it reached 1/4 of the way empty, which is a mark as a seriously good waitress in my book. She looked pretty busy too, so I was very impressed by her great service.

All in all, go for it! Good food, good service, and you'll feel like you're in an underwater sushi Atlantis the way they decorate it!
The rating I give is not for the food, but for the service and management of the establishment.

I found a Groupon for Crazy Sushi (20$ for 40$ worth of food) and decided to go with a friend. I noticed it was BYO so we picked up a bottle of wine, which made us a little late for our 8:30 PM reservation. Fortunately, we were still seated relatively quickly, although our being seated was very awkward. The hostess led us to a half cleaned table and made us wait as we watched them clear it up. She also left the menus on the sushi bar which was a few feet away from our table, so when we were finally seated, we had to go grab the menus ourselves. The restaurant was pretty full, as almost every single table was seated. So perhaps service was backed up for this reason?

Anyway, it was a while before anyone came by to offer us water, at which point we asked for our wine to be uncorked. They came back soon after, with our uncorked wine (sans ice bucket...) and 2 glasses of water, one of which they spilled ALL over me. My shirt, from my stomach area, down to my knees was drenched. The waiter seemed horrified, apologized, but then started tending to the water on the floor while I sat in shock, just sitting in a puddle of tap water. No help was offered to dry me off. I was not a happy camper at all. If I had not had a Groupon, I would have left immediately. I had a change of clothes in the car, which we parked just in front (lucky parking!), so it was fine. I'm not really that mad that they spilled water on me, because it gets worse.

When I got back from my change of clothes, my seat was haphazardly dried and some napkins were left on the table. We sat, and resumed examining the menu. We asked for an ice bucket, which came pretty late. Another waitress came by soon after to apologize for the mishap, and offered us a discount. She then URGED us to order another special roll (which I was originally reluctant to do, because we had already ordered so much), and then assured us that the discount would cut down the price enough that our Groupon would be enough to cover the entire bill. I think perhaps that the services' lack of English skills may have contributed to this miscommunication, because at the end of our meal, they gave us a complimentary red bean mochi ice cream and they called THAT our 'discount'. When we received the bill, there was no actual discount.

I was FURIOUS. We had ordered an extra special roll because the waitress had assured us that it would be taken care of with the discount, but found that there was no actual discount. We called a waiter to straighten out the issue, but the only excuse I got was that the machine wouldn't allow more than one discount per bill, and Groupon is apparently a discount. I'm still outraged at this. I had told them from the very beginning that I had a Groupon, yet they still assured me that they would have a discount, and then PUSHED us to order an extra roll.

Even with that whole situation aside, the service is still pretty lacking. It was pretty slow and hard to communicate with. We weren't given a single waiter (instead the waiters chaotically came by without reason or rhyme to check on us), yet this restaurant seems high class enough to have a systematic waiting system.


The reason I didn't rate this place 1 star is the food. The 'normal' rolls were fresh, delicious. The hamachi-scallion roll was delightful and the scallion came through perfectly. There was a little too much crunch and grease for me in the cooked scallop roll, but it was still delicious. I highly recommend the Odessa roll, which is salmon wrapped around unagi, tuna, and masago. I didn't get too much of the masago, and perhaps there was a little too much eel sauce on top, but it was heavenly. The other special we ordered (that we were CONNED into ordering in my opinion) was the Long Island roll, which is eel tempura, spicy salmon wrapped with white tuna. That is the exact description of the roll on the menu, yet when it came out, it was covered in this overly sweet, sweet and sour chicken reminiscent sauce. It ruined the roll in my opinion, and had I known that the roll came in this sauce, I would not have ordered it. I would stay away from the Long Island if you actually like the taste of sushi.

-------
Sorry for the wall of text! 

IN SHORT: If the service and management here gets a HUGE make over, this would definitely be one of my regular BYO's in the city. As is, I am hesitant to return. Perhaps I will get take out for the Odessa roll, about which I wil have dreams forever.

Come here for good food and terrible service.
Crazy Sushi has become my FAVORITE sushi spot. Every roll is delicious. I usually don't get an entree but when I do, it's yummy! But the rolls I really enjoy are the Peacock and the New York. So. Freaking. Good. I really love the rolls with soy seaweed too. The plate presentation is so pretty! The staff is so friendly and polite! The restaurant is very clean and decor is nice as well.  Give Crazy Sushi a chance, you will love it!
I had a 3 roll lunch special here. I did not like the spicy tuna. Too much crunchy, not enough tuna or spicy. My alaska roll had very little salmon it. The white tuna roll was okay with a decent amount of fish. 

Overall - eh. A place with bad spicy tuna? Put some more fish in your rolls!

They looked nice, and you get a free edamame with a yelp check in. So maybe I'll be back, but not likely with all of the other places around.
I've had sushi in japan so my bar is pretty high but this place was actually quite nice. We got a party tray b for 3 ppl and it was very filling- about 14 pieces of sushi plus a roll per person. 

Personal highlights include the yellowtail and spicy crunchy salmon roll. The yellowtail was so soft and also had a deep, fatty flavor that shined with the hint of wasabi. The crunchy spicy salmon roll  was also delicious- the texture of the hint of crunch inside was very nice and super flavorful. 

Rest of the sushi was  alright, not standout but not bad either. 

Overall great value, accommodates large parties, and best of all it's BYOB so you can save that money and get hammered at the same time.
A solid lunch option, the specials are on the last page of the menu. 2 rolls for $9, or 3 for $13, and it comes with soup OR salad (not and). It's pretty easy to show up for lunch with a group, which is a definitely rarity for a sit-down lunch in Rittenhouse.

I can't speak to the food as much (vegan at a sushi place!) but as for vegetarian/vegan options, there's a good number of veggie rolls. Another person at my table got the tofu terayaki, which I wouldn't recommend as it was literally large slabs of tofu. You're better off with rolls (I had the inari roll -- it was actually a roll, not inari! and mango+avocado. Would recommend!).
I picked up some lunch here and liked it a lot. They have a large menu with some unique "specialty rolls". The Spicy Crunchy Dancing Kani roll specifically was really good.
If I could give this place a zero, I would. Placed an order for delivery via Grubhub and found a hair in my appetizer...and not a short hair either...it was disgusting. I reached out to both the restaurant and Grubhub and this is how it went down.

The manager at Crazy Sushi told me he would only offer a refund for the one item, I explained that I had lost my appetite and proceeded to get loud and very unprofessional. Yelling and telling me he didn't care about my business. As a professional, I would expect him to appreciate my input as a customer and simply make this right. Extremely unprofessional and told me that I was being a jerk because I didn't accept his parcial refund. This guy need to learn some customer service skills.

My called to Grubhub didn't go much better, they essentially washed their hands from any wrong doing since they don't own the restaurant...I guess the behavior exhibited by this restaurant is a reflection of how Grubhub will allow their customers to be treated. Very unfortunate....
Friendly staff, very accommodating, quiet atmosphere. I ordered the lunch special and they offered to let me pick the sushi versus the chef deciding.
I've been here for a few times, and I'm in love with this place. The menu is quite impressive, and it will seriously take more than a few minutes to read through the choices.  (The huge star in the middle of the menu can be quite distracting!). If you need a good sushi lunch place, then get the lunch special. They have an awesome deal at 3 rolls for $12, which includes either soup or salad. Guess how many choices of rolls you get to choose from? 43!!! Lots of choices to choose from, and I really digged the Pepper Tuna roll and the Alaskan roll. I had the crabmeat apple roll, but didn't care much for it.

More reasons to love this place: Service is fast and friendly, and they have LOW-sodium soy sauce. 

My challenge is to try different rolls/dishes each time I go there, except the California roll. :)
One item is enough to make me write this review:

Salmon Pizza! Get it!
Pictures & a more thorough review to come when I return - which shall be soon.
If you're looking for affordable, yet quality sushi, one of my favorite spots to recommend would have to be Crazy Sushi in the Rittenhouse area. An added bonus? It's BYO! 

It's a slim, sleek space with comfortable seating and a sushi bar at the end. 

Salad
 
Salad was fairly standard with fresh Romaine. The ginger dressing was clearly freshly made. 

Vampire Bowl [$9]
Spicy tuna tartare, avocado bowl
  
A must order in my mind is the Vampire Bowl, their unique take on tuna tartare. I loved the contrast in textures with the crunch from the tempura and the creaminess of the avocado bowl. The sweet wasabi mayo was balanced by the light heat from the spicy tuna. 

Vegetable Tempura [$5]

The GF's a sucker for veggie tempura and this didn't disappoint. A thin layer of tempura coated mushrooms, sweet potato, and carrots. It came accompanied with a light tempura dipping sauce. 

Beef Negimaki [$6]
Scallion, thin-sliced beef, teriyaki
  
On this trip, the negimaki was a bit disappointing. The beef could have been more thinly sliced and better seasoned, though I appreciated the bite of the scallion amidst the teriyaki glaze. 

Triple Sushi [$25]
Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, tuna roll

The triple sushi featured some of our favorite nigiri rolls, including salmon, tuna, and yellowtail. All very clean-tasting and fresh, the platter also came with a tuna roll. I appreciated that the tuna was whole and not minced within the sushi. 

Uni Sushi [$8]

I was also in the mood for uni so asked for an order of uni sushi. Then again, when am I *not* in the mood for uni? Sourced from California, these were creamy, light, and buttery. 

Bloomingdale Roll [$13]
Spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy kani, spicy yellowtail, spicy shrimp, avocado, longan
  
I was also intrigued by their Bloomingdale specialty roll. The pink seaweed seemed a bit more delicate in texture and taste, supporting the sweetness of the lychee. This contrasted with the subtly spicy mixture of tuna, salmon, crab yellowtail, and shrimp (whoa!). Due to the laundry list of items, the flavors were a bit muddled, but definitely veers toward the sweeter side of a sushi roll. Interesting! 

Sweet Potato Roll [$5]

Of course, we also had to try our standard sweet potato roll. Crazy Sushi has one of the best iterations, with a wonderful juxtaposition of creaminess from the sweet potato and a light crunch on the exterior. The black sesame seeds studding the surrounding rice made for a perfect bite. 

So if you're not looking to go omakase and want a relaxed sushi meal, I'd recommend checking out Crazy Sushi. Whether you're looking for Americanized rolls or nigiri done right, they've got you covered.
Great sushi, fast service, and BYO - love this place! Went there on a Friday night with a group of 6, and the hostess directed use to the nearest liquor store to pick up wine. The sushi is really good and the presentation is cute too, will definitely be back. Don't forget the spicy mayo :o)
Service was exceptional.  We sat at the sushi bar and watched all the rolls get made. The sushi chefs were friendly and greeted us.  We sat at the sushi bar b/c we didn't make a reservation and the restaurant was jam packed.  

We had 3 rolls each and mine were: French Roll ($13), avocado and cucumber roll ($5) and spicy cooked scallop roll ($7). So good and tasty! 

My total tab was $31 (after tip and tax) and I'm so stuffed! 

TIP - BYOB and MAKE A RESERVATION.
Crazy sushi is an interesting place. The sushi itself is delicious. We tried 3 special rolls, all of which were delicious and visually pleasing. The sushi here is good. It's BYOB which is great, and is supposed to add to your dining experience, but even with that, this place gave me a weird vibe. The atmosphere of the place is fine, but the staff really spoiled my experience and I had a hard time debating if I should rate 3 or 4 stars... the second we sat down, someone came over and asked if we were ready to order. I didn't even get a menu yet! In the next 5 minutes, four other staff members proceeded to see if we were ready to order. There was a big party that arrived 20-30min after we were there, so not sure if they were just trying to get all orders in before the party, but there's moving quickly and being aggressive towards customers with ordering and this was aggressive. I would go back to crazy sushi again, hoping this was a rare instance, but if the waitstaff bring the same overbearing aggressiveness, it would definitely be the last time.
I am a fan of Crazy. 

I've eaten here twice and ordered from here twice. The fish is alwasy fresh. I've never had a bad experience so far. 

The service is good.

The delivery is fast (but the rolls are sometimes shifted around- to be expected). 

The inside is a nice, chill atmosphere and I like the inside of Crazy better than many of the other sushi places around town. 

The menu is HUGE. 

All of the rolls I've had thus far were good, excpet I didn't like the banzai tree roll because the cucumber on the outside made it watery and it's hard to pick up with chopsticks, stuff falls out of the roll since it's slippery. 

Sakura and KK roll were both good. The house sauce is flavorful. 

Thumbs up, I'm looking forward to trying more.
So I haven't actually been here, just ordered from here so my review is based solely on the delivery service and quality of the food - that being said it was AMAZING.

I've ordered the Aries sushi roll twice now (spicy salmon + a bunch of other noms) and it is one of the best rolls I've ever had. Perfect combination of flavors, crunch, and spice. I'm a sushi fanatic which means I've tried A LOT and I love how unique yet delicious this still is. 

They also have the standard rolls like spicy tuna and such and having tried this it, also amazing. Next time I actually decide to leave the warmth embrace of my bed for sushi I can't wait to go to this place and check it out for myself! But in the meantime, the food is A+ (just ordered some and I'm writing this review and salivating as I wait for it).
It literally took this place 25 minutes to get my pretty basic to-go order together (I ordered tuna advoca, eel avocado, and pepper tuna) and it would have been longer had I not applied pressure.  Then when I got to work I found that I was give a warm noodle dish (udon maybe).  Not even sure how you confuse a warm noodle dish with basic sushi.  I was so aggravated by the time I got to eat the food I actually ordered it was impossible to enjoy it.  And to add insult to injury, they don't even give you a littel dish to mix your soy with wasabi.  Epic fail all the way around.  With so many quality sushi places within a block or two of this place this should be your LAST choice.
I have found my sushi spot!!!!! =) This place is delicious! I tried the salmon pizza, one night stand and fire kiss roll- they were all delicious. The salmon pizza was so different than anything I've ever tasted, it's on a scallion pancake and they add spicy mayo. you have to try it!  It's BYO so we brought a bottle of red wine to compliment the sushi. Ohh and the rolls are fairly price dat anywhere from $9-$13 each. Will be going back very soon!
I think I paid more for the ornamentation and decoration of my food than my actual food. My food came with flowers and a huge plastic tree figurine. The sushi rolls were large too but looked small compared to the fancy props. I'm used to paying over $50 for 2 people to eat sushi but usually that involves more than 2 freaking rolls! Won't come back.
It says it all in the name. The appetizers are eclectic, the rolls are unique, and the presentation is CRAZY. Everything presented is like a work of art, and they take their time into crafting each dish.
I had the KK roll, unbelievable. No soy sauce or wasabi required. It was beautifully presented with a hibiscus flower- I didn't even want to eat it, that is how pretty it was.

The atmosphere is nice and relaxing. The staff is welcoming (a little overbearing), but the stonework on the walls and dark tones makes for a perfect dinner spot.
I like it here. Its right on my block and the food is quick and tasty and fresh. I'll usually get a roll or two and sit in a booth and it appears in front of me in about 5-10 minutes max.  

The people who work here are really friendly and the atmosphere is great. Even on a Monday there are some people eating in here and enjoying the BYOB and sushi. 

Definitely my favorite of the two next to each other so make sure to hit up Crazy Sushi!
Saw the grand opening banner at door. It is BYOB. We ordered few of the special rolls and some sashimi on the menu.  I was very impressed with the quality of the sushi and sashimi. The plates were nicely decorated and complimented with the items we ordered. The price is very reasonable and affordable.  I really like this Crazy Sushi.  I will come back.
Nothing fancy but good quality. They care about their presentation and customers. I often order here for their lunch specials. Delivery is super quick and there is no fee.
What is the pink sauce?!

Feeling lazy, I went and ordered take out. The ordering process was smooth, and they quickly brought out my food. There were also a few other people ordering take out.

I ordered the Ichiban roll - salmon, masago and unagi wrapped in crunchy. I didn't really know what "crunchy" was, but I decided to take my chances anyways. As I expected, they were tempura flakes, but different to those I'm used to, these were really small / smushed flakes and seemed like it was quite old. The salmon, eel and masago themselves were fresh from what I can taste. The salmon was fatty, but still had the silver lining on it (which I kind of dislike, but since it was hidden in the roll, I wasn't too bothered). Now, what really almost made me want to gag is... the pink sauce.

What is the pink sauce?! It was a bright-ish pink color and had the consistency of mayonnaise. So, think pink colored liquid soap. That's what it looked like. The adventurous side of me decided to taste it - pretty much a sweet mayonnaise sauce. But, I just couldn't get over the color and the artificial-ness of it all, and pushed the sauce, along with most of the "crunchy" to the side.

While I like traditional sushi, I also love American sushi creations drenches in house special sauces, but crazy sushi's pink sauce was a bit more than I could handle. My search for sushi creations continues.
I was eager to try this place. Great sushi and attentive service. I was impressed by their presentation of plates and as others have said, the decor is nice. I had a groupon but even without one I'd suggest this spot again in the future.
Love byo's and this little addition to the neighborhood is exactly the right combo- great sushi + byob. The decor is similar to Fat Salmon, whom I love- trendy, back lit, with seating all along the wall to accommodate a large group, or just two. The service was quick and friendly. And if there was a rating for presentation, these guys get 5 stars! I expected some sashimi a la cart, arranged nicely on a plate, but what came out was a martini glass with my salmon & hamachi on a bed of ice, with a beautiful pink flower. next to it was a mushroom shaped carving from what i guess is some kind of root. and at the base of the plate where my mackerel sat was some food art from spicy mayo sauce. I know some may think this is gimmicky...(and maybe is is??) but the sashimi was fresh & tasty. and anyone who puts that much effort & care into presentation shows they care a lot about food.
I went here for lunch the other day with a buddy of mine off my recomondation via yelp of course....lol.  Anyways, it looked like it was gonna be a good find.   We pull up and it just so happens theres a parking lot about a 100 feet from the place.   So that was convenient.  We got there right at 11:30am the time they were supposed to open...There was no sign of life inside and there was 2 Asian dudes sitting at the front door waiting to get in as well.  So, I took a wild guess and asked them if they worked there, and they said YES....Lucky guess I suppose....I asked where the people were with the key and they said 5 mins away in a cab....Um okay, so 15 mins later a carload of chefs and waiters arrive and we go in....I was a little pissed, but figured no biggie, lets give this spot a try bc I saw all the great reviews and pictures on yelp.   

Well I'm glad I DID!!!!   We get inside and the place was very clean and pretty cool looking....Our waiter was very attentive especially I think bc he was 1 of the dudes outside waiting with us, lol...However, they have a GREAT menu with a lot of options...I had some eel sushi which was very good and my buddy had some assortment platter thing...Now, the best thing though was the "One night stand roll" I ordered!!!!!   IT WAS FREAKING SLAMMING!!!!!!!!!!   It had salmon and tuna wrapped around spicy, crunchy crab!!!!!    NO RICE!!!!!!   Banging!!!!!    All the food was well worth all the BS I went through up till this point.   Also, the presentation of the food when it comes out is awesome too, make sure you have ur camera!!!!  I'd definitely go back, but I'd just give them a little more time to get to work  next time.  When we left it was around 12:30pm and the place was slammed too, so that's a good sign....
Brought my friend here for her birthday because it is very hard to find a place that serves sushi on a boat! This place didn't have it but I know they decorated their plates nicely so that's not bad either!

Our waitress was very nice and wished her a happy birthday once she saw the Happy Birthday balloon. She even came out with fried cheese cake with a candle and started singing happy birthday at the end!

The birthday girl had the Bloomingdale Roll $13 which was spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy kani, spicy yellowtail and spicy shrimp avocado with longan on top. It was good but I'm not really a fan of the pink seaweed thing. I asked the waitress if they could write "Happy Birthday" on her plate and they did. They even added a little tree and made it look like a little island!

My other friend ordered the Cancer Roll $15 which was spicy tuna, seaweed, salad, eel, masago, soft shell crab. They drew a bird on her plate! It was so cute!

I had the M16 Roll (sounds like a gun) $13 - eel tempura with spicy tuna rolled in black and red tobiko (fish eggs). It was yummy! And they decorated my plate too! I had a little tree as well.

The service here was great, the sushi was pretty good, the environment was nice and I will be back!
This place has some of the best sushi I've had in the city, hands down. I've been on the hunt for the best sushi in philly and this one may be it. 

The service is great. Super friendly staff, great lunch specials as well. My schedule is off a lot of days so my  lunches can start late but this restaurant stays open all day which I like. Many other spots close after lunch and don't open again until 5 or 530 for dinner. 

Overall, great food, great staff, nice environment!Recommended
Good food, though I felt like the portions were smaller than I was expecting for the price. I'm surprised that other Yelper's rated this two dollar signs. I also wish they'd had gluten free soy sauce. Other than that, there is really nothing to complain about and I still was able to enjoy my meal.
Not quite sure why there's so many bad reviews but I thought this place was pretty good the two times I had it. I had it delivered once and the other time I ate in. The quality was pretty good and it wast tasty and cheap! I'm definitely coming back to this place.
I really want to like Crazy Sushi, especially because so many people are giving them good reviews, but I went back last weekend to use a groupon and I still wasn't impressed.  We ordered a couple specialty rolls and a basic roll.  It just seemed like the rolls were all filler and very little fish.  My friend commented on this as well.  It's a cool place and the presentation is really nice, but I'd rather have a basic presentation and better sushi.
Horrible sauce poured over everything! Straight-from-the-botte ITALIAN DRESSING was generously poured all over my spicy salmon roll. So awful! Plus the Uni was not fresh. Plus I got it delivered (fairly quickly) so there was no way to send it back. Please for your own good go somewhere else.
Just when I thought Mt. Fuji was my favorite center city sushi spot. Visited this place last night with a friend using a $20 for $40 groupon. Sorry I didn't buy more. We didn't have a reservation, but we were seated within minutes and the staff was polite and attentive. dining area was well lit, music was at a comfortable level, and tables, floors and bathrooms were clean and organized. Nice amount of space between tables, too. For $40 we ordered the vampire bowl (avocado salad with tuna, crunch and masago) for an appetizer, four rolls (sweet potato, pumpkin, apple and crab, and the caetus {special roll}, and two sodas. The portions were generous and the presentation was great. I didn't know this was a byob spot. All in all a great dining experience. I'll definitely come back.
The staff is friendly, the fish is always fresh, the rolls are creative, and the presentation is gorgeous.
I don't think I have ever gotten up and walked out of a restaurant before but today I did.  

It's sad because I have eaten here a number of times before and the sushi is a very good.  It is actually one of our go-to places for lunch near our office.  

Today, my group was ignored for 25 minutes.  We walked in, were seated, given water and menus.  Everyone had made their choices and we were waiting for someone to take our orders.  About 15 minutes passed and the waitress took the orders of other tables near us but never stopped by.  We had all finished our water by now and didn't even get a refill.  Finally, the waitress looked at us as she walked by and said "next!."  She then proceeded to deliver food to two other tables and take two other orders.  

We tried flagging the host down as he walked by but he looked away and hurried past.  We trying asking another waiter but before we could say anything, he *grunted* at us and walked away.  At that point, we got up and left.  

As we were leaving, another table asked us how long we had been waiting.  We told them 25 minutes and they said they were leaving right behind us for the same reason.

I understand that if the staff was short-handed or, if they were busy, that service may be slow.   That doesn't bother me.  It is being treated rudely as is if we are an inconvenience to the staff that really upsets me.

We won't be going back here.
Ambiance: The slowly changing LED lights add a very vibrant touch to the atmosphere. Though the restaurant is small, it still feels cozy. The napkins (seriously) add a nice touch as well. 

Food: This is where Crazy Sushi truly shines. Each dish is almost a piece of art unto itself. The sushi is artfully laid out on the plate with the sauce plated to resemble everything from a  flower to leaves rustling in the wind. Outside of the presentation, the food itself was quite delicious as well. I had the Boston roll along with the Eel roll. Each comes with eight pieces. I  just wish the Eel roll had more eel in it...


Service: Quite nice. The waiter was prompt and friendly, always coming back to double check on us. The service was quick too, the food came out together (which was impressive considering there was about 8 of us).

Drinks: Hey its BYOB :D. Go buy some wine and enjoy!

Overall its a pretty nice place, great for a date and something I would definitely check out!
Above-average BYOB sushi place for Philly. Things that were better than expected: menus, decor, overall ambiance.  Not so great things: some of the special rolls only have 5 pieces, while the regular rolls have 8 pieces. So you are better off getting the regular rolls even though it might be tempting to try some of the more interesting ones. Just beware, they come in varying sizes, so you may want to ask about how many pieces are included in each!
Presentation was nice...taste was mediocre...servers had no clue which roll was what...makes you wonder....
We had dinner here about 10 days ago when I visited my sister in philly.  I was very impressed with the food, presentation, decor and service.  We had A LOT of food; tempura udon, dragon roll, tempura shrimp roll, salmon sashimi, this sashimi trio, popcorn shrimp, etc.  Everything was so fresh and tasty.  My favorite was the popcorn shrimp.  Soooooo delicious!!  If only there's a restaurant like this in New York.  Great value for the money!
Ooh la la!  The most beautiful sushi in the world!

When it is being delivered to your table, it's almost as exciting as when you get a complimentary cake for your birthday.  If they put a candle in it, I'd probably spontaneously combust out of anticipation.

Nice atmosphere.  Easy to get in to.  BYO.  Decent prices.  I'd definitely come back.  It's a shame it doesn't get busier though.
I decided to come to Crazy Sushi for my birthday with my friends. I came because of the positive reviews, I love sushi, the awesome Yelp deal, and the BYOB of course! The inside is very trendy and as a college student it's nice to get out of the regular pizza places and actually feel like you are in a city.

I made a reservation and they sat us immediately. It took awhile for them to approach us about what we wanted, but I assume because we were so enthralled by the menu we kept having out noses in it. I do wish they checked up on us earlier though. Once the food came out everything was delicious and it was a great amount of food for the price!

I take one star away because it took them a long time to take our order and it took an extra fifteen minutes to give us the check and then our change. I would go back again, but I definitely would not go if I have time-sensitive plans afterwards.
I was kinda skeptical about coming into this place, bc the outside makes the restaurant look closed/empty...but don't be fooled! The interior is nice and it's a sit down restaurant (I was expecting a take out place based off of the exterior). 

I got sushi (spicy tuna and white tuna) and the mixed tempura udon - both were pretty good! I don't like the silly weird fake tree decorations they put on the sushi platters, I feel like that's super unsanitary and just odd. Some other people literally had fake mini bonsai trees on their sushi plates, which really cheapened the look (at least to me). Good sushi should speak for itself - no need to add weird plastic trees next to it.

Anyway, the tempura udon was good, tasted great and the udon was not over cooked.
Went here for a birthday dinner.

Ordered the sashmi platter and three of their fancy rolls. sashmi was excellent. I will say to avoid their special rolls with the "house special sauce."  Tastes like a sweet relish.

Otherwise the atmosphere is great and trendy. Staff is friendly.
Fairly new place on the Rittenhouse Square area.  There are tons of small sushi places all over this city, most of which are alright.  Honestly, we tried this place because of one menu item, the tuna pizza.  This item had become a favorite after trying it at Morimoto, and this is a very respectable version, for half the Morimoto price.

Other food items included various sushi rolls, the best of which was the spider roll (soft shell crab).  Mmmmmmm.  

Definitely a repeat visit location, next time I'll remember its a byob.
I was hesitant to try this place from the get-go because I'm somewhat of a sushi purist.  I just like solid fresh fish good sushi rice and maybe some well roasted seaweed to be happy, and MAYBE a well fried shrimp tempura too.  Hearing a name like CRAZY SUSHI, I kinda figured I was in for an eccentric experience.  And boy was my gut right!

Walking in it feels like your average trying to be hip sushi place, however hearing the waiters speak mainland chinese, I knew the authenticity ended right about there.  We ordered our rolls (my friends going with their crazy special rolls) I opted for the sushi combo.  After that, the show started.  I've never seen such over the top presentation of sushi. Which is ironic because the main idea of sushi is simplicity and balance...THERE WAS NONE OF THAT ON THE PLATE.  I was a little frustrated too because there were more inedible presentation elements than edible pieces on my plate.  I had an ice sculpture, a wooden boat, 3 LED ice cubes and something that resembled Easter basket straw on the plate with my 12 small pieces of sushi.  Service was also sparse and quick, as this place seems to aim to turn over tables ASAP.  I can only assume the prices are so high because of the CC location, but you definitely don't get what you pay for.

If you're looking for CRAZY presentation, and CRAZY expensive and CRAZY small portions at CRAZY high prices.  You've got it all here in a one stop shop.
I was referred to Crazy Sushi by a coworker of mine for their lunch specials. 
2 rolls with miso soup or salad for $8 or 3 rolls with again soup or salad for $12. 

My first visit to Crazy Sushi was actually during the dinner hours and I was quite impressed. The place is relatively small but intimate, modern and very nice. The sushi is fresh, filling and delicious and to top it off the prices are more than affordable for quality sushi. On two of the four times I have been there in the past month, they have provided us a coupon for a certain dollar amount off our next visit in with our check.
Excellent sushi.  I usually stay away from the elaborate "special" rolls that are popular at every sushi place these days because in my experience they all tend to taste the same.  This is absolutely not true at Crazy Sushi.  

I started with the Kani Su.  I didn't know that kani is just a crab stick, so I was a little disappointed when the plate came out, but I shouldn't have been.  The vinegar dressing used on this simple appetizer was delicious and made what looked like a few items thrown on a plate taste very good.  However, I don't think I would order it again, instead I would order the Tako Su (same thing but with octopus instead of crab).

I also ordered the red snapper roll, the salmon skin roll, and the angel roll.  The two simpler rolls were very good and I would order them again.  The angel roll,one of the special rolls with peppered tuna, salmon and eel, was terrific and the highlight of my meal.  I love when sushi places marinate the fish like the Kani Su appitizer or the peppered tuna on the angel roll.  

Tried a couple of other special rolls, the only one that I can remember was The Caetus Roll: Lobster, spicy crab, mango, ebi tempura wrapped with a pancake and honey mustard sauce.  This is a very heavy roll, but tasted great... good for sharing. 

The rainbow caviar roll was surprising.  I did not expect there to be that much caviar on the dish.  The caviar was slathered on the top of the rolls, at least a quarter inch thick. 

I went with an absolutely HUMONGOUS group.  I would absolutely advise against this, they can't really handle large groups.  The servers seemed like the were overwhelmed with the high volume (our bill ended up being almost $600).  

I have been going back and forth between 4 and 5 stars... I think they earned it dealing with the number of people that were late for our reservation.

Prices are about average for sushi in Philly.

BYOB
Lunch special 3 rolls for $13 and a soup/salad - not bad. Standard rolls A +. They have large pieces of fish and avocado in them. I've been twice and just have gotten some rolls, and they were all to my liking. My partner got chirashi one time, which was nice. It's right next to another sushi place, which is also good. The waiter we had yesterday was a little odd and seemed to rush us, even though we were the only ones in the restaurant. However, I'll be returning for lunch sometime!
SO GOOD. Would highly recommend this restaurant to any sushi lovers in the Philly area! Menu is extensive. House rolls are unique and tasty. I personally LOVE the Peacock roll, which features shrimp tempura, mango and coconut sauce. It's unreal. Presentation is A+ as well.. usually involves hibiscus and/or different nautical themed items on the tray. Restaurant provides a semi-formal atmosphere, though dress is casual.. overall it's pretty relaxed with fast service (you can prob be in and out in 25 mins). I would go as far as saying this is the best sushi I've ever had in my life.
Food is very good. Very fresh. Plates arrive with the most beautiful presentation, very artistic, done with great care.
 
Always gone during the day and it wasn't very busy. Was seated right away.

The low rate is based on the service. It wasn't terrible, it was just completely without polish or refinements. Didn't match the elegant food at all. Dragging feet, snappy replies, not very attentive for an empty restaurant, plates kinda slammed on the table. Teaching and training some basic etiquette in service is greatly needed.

Elegant food with fast food service...
Great new sushi spot in town!  I come here for lunch with co-workers almost once a week for their awesome lunch special--such a good price for sushi that is much better quality than other places nearby.  The sushi is consistently fresh and delicious and they have yummy rolls to choose from.  It's BYOB which could make for a fun dinner with friends on the weekend. 

I had to deduct one star though, because more often than not, we end up waiting a while for the food or the check, and sometimes one person's sushi will come out a good 10 minutes before someone else's.  The wait staff are all super nice and polite, but need to work on the timing of food and checking on tables!
Nothing special. Service was fast like they want to kick us out.
Came here for dinner last night. Crazy Sushi had been on my radar since it opened. When I saw there was a Groupon, I knew it'd be the perfect opportunity to check out the city's newest byob sushi spot. $40 worth of food goes a long way here. My sister and I ordered miso soups, the mixed tempura appetizer, 3 of the standard maki rolls, and 1 specialty roll. I wanted something with shrimp tempura in it and ultimately decided on the Aries roll (spicy salmon, shrimp tempura, and avocado). The salmon could've used more spice to it, but the roll was tasty and held together well even though it didn't come w/rice. I wasn't used to having sushi without the rice, but liked that it left more room for everything else.     

Our servers were super friendly and were on point checking on us and clearing empty plates/beer bottles. I'd come back to try more of their specialty rolls. They also offer kitchen entrees for non-sushi eaters.
I've been here 3 times. Twice for the fantastic lunch special and once for dinner with a groupon. Their sushi is fresh tasting and good quality. You also have the choice of brown rice if you're lookin to make your sushi healthier.

 I love coming during lunch because they have this deal where you get 3 sushi rolls, soup or salad all for 12 dollars!  I've tried the philly roll, crunchy tuna, avocado, sweet potato, pumpkin, and crab and apple roll. I liked all of them, minus the crap and apple which was just okay. Another plus is that this place is Byob!
Had lunch here today.  It was OK for lunch.  The sushi was fresh and good.  Not spectacular.  The service was prompt.  I had the cold tofu for an appetizer, and I highly recommend staying away.  I thought it might be quality tofu as they were offering it cold on its own, but it was more like grocery store quality.  Not yummy.
I freakin love this place. the presentation and quality of the food are top notch. they have also been great in terms of service. 

i think i have been here 10 times.
I came here with a groupon and my fiance split the large boat of sushi. It had a dragon roll, spicy tuna roll,  and 20 pieces of fresh sushi (nigiri). 

The sushi was incredibly fresh and tasty. They offer unique rolls on the menu and everything from the decor to the food to the service was great. 

Definitely one of the best sushi restaurants in Rittenhouse!
BYOB. This place is a blast. I always drink a bottle of wine to myself and sometimes even bring a 6 pack for after. When I come here I only have intentions of having a great time. 

The sushi is literally crazy. Blinking lights. Mini trees stuck to your plate with wasabi. They know what's up! 

I would suggest making a reservation because it is small and can fill up quickly. 

I give it four stars because the people literally try to push you out the door. They know people are drinking and they try to get you in and out as soon as they can. It can be frustrating so I just wait a little to order and wait between apps and rolls. 

All in all great place. Just don't forget the booze
Our party of 8 (with reservation) was seated as soon as we arrived and waited on immediately even though all of us haven't arrived.  Drinks were opened (it's BYOB), glasses set out and waters all ready to go.  So already I was feeling good about Crazy Sushi.  

I ordered the some kind of crazy tree roll which was salmon, white fish, and tuna wrapped in cucumber.  In my opinion, this would have been easier to eat if the roll was more vertical vs horizontal.  Since it was sliced so thin, it was hard to use my chopsticks to grasp the sushi.  Taste was a bit salad-y but it was very fresh, and the presentation was beautiful.  My other roll was an Alaskan salmon roll which was on point.  Boo ordered the France roll which features shrimp tempura - highly recommended for those who despise raw fish...and those who don't.  I was obsessed with it.

The craziest part about Crazy Sushi?  How crazy the plates look coming out.  There were bird drawings, shrubbery, jellyfish lights, cucumber islands, and tiki umbrellas accompanying our food making for obnoxious oooooing, ahhhing, and photo taking.  

Bonus - if you check in on yelp you get a free edamame!
I lived around the corner for about a year and waited for Crazy Sushi to put up an actual storefront sign instead of a random poster for at least a couple months (at least it seemed like). I finally walked in, a year later, expecting it to be not so great.

I was wrong.

This place is like if you wanted to go to Vic's but wanted it to be more of a date / lounge-y kind of place. Seats are nice; ambiance is good. It's a very energetic place and the tables are fairly close together; don't come expecting a heart-to-heart. 

The sushi was great, lots of selections and lots of imaginative rolls. Presentation is great and really elevates the meal. Philadelphia hasn't been a place where I've been able to get great sushi, but these rolls are pretty good and the plates look extra special. I was waiting for a friend in the front, and all the waitstaff came to check on me at some point, asking if I was alright. I found that was pretty attentive and thoughtful. 

Crazy Sushi is, contrary to the name, fairly low-key: all in all, a pretty good spot to for a casual night out.
I get sushi for lunch here sometimes. The sushi is not bad, just make sure they include your miso soup if you order the 2 or 3 roll special. They tend to forget.
This review is based on their lunch special sushi deal. While is IS a great 'deal', as the old adage says: you get what you pay for.  Three rolls plus soup or salad for $12.00, sounds good right? Well it is except they skimp on the fish and the rolls are on the small side. The sushi is still tasty, which keeps me coming back, but sometimes I wonder just how much of a 'deal' I'm getting.  I have ordered take out from here numerous times because I like the deal and in a crunch sushi craving, it fits the bill. 

However, they aren't consistent.  Sometimes the rolls are prepared perfectly with enough fish to not make you question why you ordered from here, and other times, my roll is falling apart and I'm wondering how my Alaskan roll found its way to me sans salmon. Did I order a veggie roll? No. Just have to "Where's Waldo" your salmon sometimes? Gotcha. Lastly, delivery has taken upwards of an hour sometimes during lunch rushes. Make sure you eat a granola bar before you order.

I won't two star them because the fish is still fresh and is satisfying, but had to three star because there are so many sushi spots in the area that deserve the 4 and 5 star spots.
Just opened and the staff were extremely nice and attentive. They have15% discount right now on your entire order. The sushi was extremely good, not fishy at all; and they have a very diverse and creative menu. I'm actually shocked by the other 2 reviews. The presentation was amazing as well. The sushi chefs clearly care about what they're putting out.
The food was OK, but I think it might have been an off day for them. We were there for about an hour and my friend never got her food! Instead of being nice or sorry about it and adjusting  the bill....they just put it in a to go box. OK? what's the point of going out to eat then? So my other friend and I finished our food and left extremely confused and turned off.  Also, after clarifying my order a few times...it was still wrong. I got the salmon bento box (and the sushi and rice I didn't want was still there, but whatever). It was soaked in teriyaki sauce as most places do it. Overall this place is really cute and nice, the food is average but the service leaves A LOT to be desired. There were a few tables next to us that had to call over the waiter after 15 min of sitting there with no one approaching them. There are ways to treat customers when the place is busy...and this was not it.
Absolutely amazing sushi, great service, BYO, and a great Groupon to boot. Great date place, you won't be disappointed.
Walked in here and was pretty surprised by the ambience. It's clean and very stylish. 
My family and I were craving sushi and wanted a quick bite to eat. The waiter seemed to be attentive, but he seemed to have mumbled quiet a few times when we were talking with him. Maybe he was just having a bad day?
The sushi is surprisingly cheap (or cheap for the city) for the quality and quantity. When the sushi was brought out, it was garnished with so many different sauces, it looked amazing. So clean and colorful! 
Have to say, if I'm around here and craving sushi again, I'll be back!
My husband and I saw this really good Groupon deal for Crazy sushi and decided to try it. 
Disclaimer: I am a vegetarian so I only tried vegetarian rolls, which is not really "sushi" :) 
We got a salad, veggie tempura, avocado mango, sweet potato, and mushroom rolls. Since it is a BYOB, we took a nice red wine to go with all this. Nice ambience and friendly staff. Overall a good experience!
I just fell in LOVE with this place! I took my mom here for her bday to celebrate our love of sushi through a Groupon I bought. From the moment we walked in we were impressed. They offered to charge my mom's cell while we dined and after noticing her struggle with trying to use the chopsticks (she pretty much hopeless lol) the waitress made a beginners pair so that she could enjoy her without having to resort to using a fork and ruining the experience. Now my mom and I often try a new sushi restaurant every month to find our new favorites and never once has any waitress offered to help my mom with her chopsticks (trust me this is a big deal, she was very grateful). 

Then when the food was brought out the presentation was breath taking! Even the simplest of sushi rolls was arranged as if we ha spent a fortune on it. Absolutely beautiful and absolutely delicious! We ate past the point of satisfaction bc everything was so good we didn't want to stop! All together we ordered numbers 5,12,19, and 26 from House Specialty Roll menu. 

If u r a sushi fanatic like I am, this place is a must try!
Crazy sushi sure is crazy! The way your food comes out is a never ending guessing game. Will it be in the shape and decorated like a dragon? may be What about glowing and looking like a volcano? Entirely possible. It certainly keeps the ding experience interesting AND visually appealing.

Visually appealing aside, the sushi is delicious and the service is good! I've been twice. Once, we were the only ones in the place and the second time, it was packed. Both times were equally delicious/fresh and the service was good. 

The menu seems endless so I doubt I'll ever get a chance to try any more than 20% of the menu but so far, I love the salmon pizza and odessa roll. 

Oh and BYOB, can't top that!
I went here for lunch.  There was a good amount of people here for a late lunch.  Service was good, no complaints.  Food...meh.  The presentation was nice, but overall I've had much better.  I thought it was very fresh and the spicy tuna roll was good.  It's actually a crunchy spicy tuna roll.  The only disappointment was the yellow tail.  It was really small.  For $7, I'd expect to have two nice sized pieces and not two tiny pieces that together would equal one.  I'll go again, maybe for dinner it's a little better.
Been here twice for birthday dinners, definitely a good experience. They were accommodating for the large groups we had (10-12 people both times) and even more accommodating when we requested separate checks. The food was great and came out quickly, and the waiter engaged us in some jokes and made us all laugh. Would come here if it wasn't BYOB, but that's definitely a plus!
I was supposed to read about COPD today but that shit is boring so I guess i'll write this review instead. 

I ordered from here on July 4th bc I was on call and this was one of the few places that was opened.

After thorough menu perusal I settled on age tofu, inari roll* (sorry i initially said something else and then realized I fucked up), and avocado cucumber rolls. I was pleased with the variety and quantity of vegetarian roll options. The teriyaki dishes caught my eye but I was set on sushi.

The expedience with which (I initially thought the word was "expedition" but then quickly realized I was not thinking of the correct word) the food arrived was impressive. After confusion and at my request, the delivery man left my food downstairs to wait for me until I was able to retrieve it. 

Once I was able to do so, I cracked open that treasure chest (take out bag). Crazy sushi included an abundance of sauce, can't go wrong there. Age tofu looked good, as did the rolls. it's sneaky how they put those rolls right up against each other so for a minute you think your'e getting just one but then remember there's actually two mother fuckers in there.

I enjoyed the tofu, sauce was like barely noticeable if I remember correctly but I find that is the norm for me with age tofu sauce, maybe there's just something wrong with my age sauce taste perception. 

They also give an Abundance (with a capital A) of wasabi. Big plus.

My main issue is that the food, while good, was just alright. I actually felt disappointed afterwards that I didn't order pizza, and that's fucking saying something. I didn't feel particularly full either but I did save some of it for the next day. But TO BE FAIR, I did just get vegetarian stuff, I can't speak for the fish stuff.

I feel bad giving this place three stars, I wish i could do 3.5 I just didn't enjoy it enough for a 4. IT WASN'T BAD, it just wasn't terribly spectacular. I'm not sure I would order from here again, but I'm on the fence.
"Dinner and a show"

I don't know how to write this. I was with a party of 7 at a very calm time- only about 1 other couple seated. From the beginning the waiters made our experience very uncomfortable and awkward. They stood over us until we ordered and didn't leave us alone. They asked how we liked the city as they watched over us and made it difficult to have a conversation of our own. The food came quick but made us feel bad when we asked for more ginger etc. The sushi rolls were good and rather cheap but when they brought a fish plate that my friend ordered the waiter commented on how weird it was and thus my friend no longer wanted it. When it came to the bill they had me pull out my phone calculator to add things up?? We were only there for 25 minutes but it was the most stressful and uncomfortable 25 minutes of my life. We couldn't wait to leave...
I went to Crazy Sushi because it had an average of 4 stars, but I'm so sad to say that my experience didn't live up to this rating.

I ordered the shrimp teriyaki bento bowl.  Miso soup came out first, and there were only two pieces of miso and one piece of seaweed in the bowl.  Looks like it was at the bottom of the batch, which I wasn't into.  

The bento bowl itself had its ups and downs.  I was a little nervous about just how quickly it came out of the kitchen - did this mean they sacrificed quality?  I had hoped not...

The dumplings had pork in them (surprise!) - I thought they had shrimp, so this was not a good thing, as I don't eat pork.  The california roll wasn't bad, but didn't have much flavor.  The rice wasn't quite sticky enough to easily pick up with chopsticks.  The tempura was a little greasy.  The part that got me most was that the shrimp teriyaki had some major flaws.  The shrimp was overcooked and still had its tails, and the sauce was a bit too gelatinous a/k/a gooey.  Gooey sauce shouldn't be a thing, so there's that. 

Sorry Crazy Sushi :(
I decided to give this place a try since I had bought a groupon for it. My date and I showed up at 5:30pm on Friday and we were 1 of 3 tables. While the place never filled up, there were a lot of people picking up to go orders while we were there. 

The service was excellent. Our drink glasses were never empty and our plates were cleared quickly. Everyone who worked there was really friendly.

The food was presented beautifully. My date and I each got a dinner bento box which included our choice of soup or salad, choice of an entree, steamed rice, vegetable tempura, california roll, and shrimp dumplings. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted great, with the exception of the California roll which was meh. We also go two specialty rolls (the KK and the One Night Stand) which were fresh and delicious.

I gave only 4 stars because the specialty rolls we got were heavily doused in sauce and because the server brought the check out without asking if we wanted dessert. We did want dessert, but since we weren't offered, we decided to get ice cream elsewhere afterwards. Regardless, we'll definitely be back again.
Crazy sushi was crazy good! 

Service: 3/5
So starting out the night we were immediately seated for a table for 3. Our waiter was pretty kind and friendly. Appetizers came out we ordered came out fairly quickly. However the issue was when the rolls were ordered, for sweet potato roll and spicy salmon roll, it took 15 mins after the everyone else was already served and they're response... They forgot

Food: 5/5 
Started the meal with the gyoza, edamame, and miso soup. I ordered the uni, ichiban roll, and spicy scallop roll. Everything was delicious. I loved the crunchiness in the ichiban roll and the spicy scallop roll were made with cooked scallops which were different from what I'm used to but still a delight. The uni was very well cleaned and prepped, but the cucumber made it difficult to fit in one bite.

Atmosphere: 4/5
The tables are pretty close together and the restaurant gets pretty packed. It was a modern style restaurant. 

I would love to go back here simply because the food was so great. However the service far from it.
I ate at Crazy Sushi last night because I had a groupon, and I plan on coming back a lot in the future! The decor and atmosphere of the restaurant was great and I loved that it was BYOB.  Our service was top notch and everyone made sure we had what we needed.  The sushi was fresh and delicious and the presentation blew me away!
Definitely overrated, I ordered a beef bowl and it was basically beef jerky bowl with plenty of soy sauce, very salty. I expected some authentic Japanese food but even one microwaveable beef bowl I bought before is better than this.
