How nice to have a casual Korean chicken place right in the heart of Center City!  One can eat-in here but it Is also convenient for takeout. This is a Philly branch of an establishment from the Ocean City boardwalk.  Yes, you read that correctly!  Who would have guessed that Philly's latest Korean eatery would have originated on a boardwalk at the beach in South Jersey?

Now the best news is that the food is very good.  The popcorn chicken I ate with a spicy Korean chili sauce was indeed tasty ... and actually packed a little bit of heat.  The kale & spinach mandu (dumplings) are superb but one could def do with a little bit more of the accompanying dipping sauce.  The Korean potato and kimchi crunch ball was also delicious and should become a very popular item on their menu.  Service by Jen - one of the owners - was smile friendly.   I welcome Crunchik'n to Philadelphia!
Just got take out from here this morning. An excellent addition to center city food scene! 

Possibly the most COVID friendly experience ever. You order online. They give you a time to pick up your food. You call when you get there and they put your food in a small shelf in the door. I never even saw anyone. Who knows...maybe the place is run by robots. To be fair the person on the phone was very nice. 

I got 5 piece wings with Korean BBQ sauce. Crispy on the inside yet nicely covered in sauce. A good helping for the price for sure. Just excellent. Also had a bulgogi taco which was random but actually delicious! I think they feel bad about the size of the tortilla so really pile it on with cream, guac, lettuce and bulgogi. The meat was deliciously seasons and very tender. The while thing came together great. A bit messy. They should probably just make it an order of two. 

Excellent quick food and super safe COVID practices. And you can eat in the Jefferson Quad across the street so its all great. Come here for sure!
I attended the soft opening of Crunchik'n, and was initially skeptical: a cozy chicken spot outside of Chinatown? Naaaaah ...

Well cluck me sideways, I was wrong!

Folks were treated to generous samplings of the Friends and Family Menu. Between me and the spouse, we took the enthusiastic staff's recommendations and got the following:

Korean Fried Chicken
*** Sorcery. how do they get the tender meat and the sticky sweet sauce to play nice with super  crunchy skin?! 

Ricebowls: bulgogi beef, spicy pork, spicy tuna
*** these were delicious, and we liked the beef and pork best. Though not the superstar of the show like the fried chicken and the ...

Side: Kimchi Cheese Riceballs
*** to quote Deadpool 2: "holy $#!+balls" these are freaking fantastic. I will put these balls in my mouth every day! 

Dumplings: Pork
*** crunchy outer layer, delicious inner fillings ... everything I want in a dumpling!

Everything looked delicious ... and everything was delicious - even after a quick reheat at home! I'll let the pictures do more talking!

There are two ordering kiosks just past the cashier, and seating for about 30-40. There's minimal signage, and it's easy to walk past - so keep your eyes peeled!
Delicious guilty pleasure! We try to limit ourselves to only get Korean fried chicken once a month because they are so good yet so guilty! There's a KFC place we love up north but crunchik'n turns out to be just as good. 

Their KFC is more airy than others I've had... which is not a bad thing as it feels more light to eat even though the breading on here is insane. We got the 10 piece chicken with soy garlic and snow cheese (extras $1 or $2 can't remember). I think soy garlic is still my favorite KFC sauce but the snow cheese was a nice change as it's more of a dry rub. We also got the vegetable and beef crunch ball. The beef one was definitely better and more flavorful... the sauce that comes with it is a little spicy. I'm not sure if the one single crunch ball was worth the $4. It was fun to try but I don't think I'd get it again. It's basically cheese, rice, and kimchi or beef mixed into a ball shaped and deep fried. 

Will be coming here for our future cravings! The only downside about this place is they don't give you the complimentary pickled daikon most Korean fried chicken places give you with your KFC. 

Also side note: we got this delivered and it still tasted amazing!
Found Crunchik'n last year and fell in love with them! 

CRUNCH DOGS: There's so many great options here and literally the only spot with KOREAN CORNDOGS!!!  I love the one with mini potatoes sitting on the corn dog and sugar!! All their corndogs w/ hotdogs are made with 100% beef.

SPICY TUNA RICE BOWL: My favorite rice bowl there! Everything on the bowl perfectly compliments each other and it is filling for a quick lunch.

KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN: You already know its 5/5, favorite flavor is the classic honey soy! 

P.S. there's a new location at Temple Uni!!! Check them out! Or if you are down at the shore OC, NJ!
Finally I had the opportunity to eat from this restaurant. Let me start by apologizing for not taking a picture of my food. I had the veggie crunch ball and ten piece Korean fried wings, sauces were sweet chili and honey soy spicy. It was pretty good especially that crunch ball. They have rice bowls too and when I return, I'll have that and share. I must say, I am pleased with this place. The actual restaurant was clean and has a nice ambiance to it AND it's BYOB. I can't wait to really enjoy this place when the weather is warmer but if I am in town this is definitely a go to spot. They looked delicious. This restaurant has made it on my "go to" list.
Overall Value:  Super crispy, juicy chicken at a reasonable price.  Far superior to Bon Chon and most other Korean Fried Chicken that I have had.  And they have a fairly large menu -  we will definitely come back to try some of the other items (and get more KFC, duh).  

The Food: We got the half chicken Korean fried chicken ($12.95), which you can get in two flavors - we got honey soy super spicy and sweet chili spicy.  We also got a tuna taco ($5.25), which they were nice enough to cut in half, they through in a free crunch ball (normally $2.75) because it was our first time visiting, and we got a medium matcha green bubble tea ($3.50).  The chicken was SUPER crispy and still very moist inside - it was phenomenal.  This was especially impressive because the half chicken isn't just wings or drumsticks - it's a half chicken that is cut into smaller pieces, so you are getting pieces of chicken breast too.  But these pieces were still impressively moist and flavorful as well (and I usually much prefer dark meat).  The sauces were both good, but my only complaint is the spice level on the super spicy was kind of weak.  If you are going to call something super spicy, it needs to have a bigger kick.  

The tuna taco was also quite good and had a really fresh flavor with the guac, cilantro, salsa, sour cream etc. A minor quibble is that because there is so much else going on in the taco, it overpowers the tuna a bit, but still good a decent size (it better be for over $5!).  The crunch ball was awesome.  Again, SUPER crispy outside and delicious filling with kimchi and rice, covered in flavorful sauce.  Matcha green bubble tea was delicious as always.  

We skipped out on fries because we thought it would be too much for two, but probably should have added fries to the order.  Half chicken wasn't quite big enough for the two of us, even with the taco and crunch ball (we eat a lot though).  We will go back to try the Korean Oven Chicken when that is available (there was a sign that said coming soon), and also try some of their many other dishes. 

Service:  So friendly and helpful.  On top of giving us a free crunch ball, they also were patient with us and gave great recommendations for the menu, and let us sample the sauces.   

Space and Pace: Fairly large interior with plenty of seating.  We came on a Friday night around 7:30pm and it wasn't too crowded - great spot to meet up with friends and get some awesome chicken.
I love supporting this local business!! Fresh, super crispy and always delicious Korean fried chicken and consistently great service :) I personally like the honey soy and the chili sauces for the wings. Try their bowls as well! I have tried both the bulgogi and the spicy pork ones and they're mixed with rice, dumplings, japchae (noodles) and a salsa. The flavors are delicious and well balanced.
This relative new-comer to the area made a good impression at our first visit. 

We ordered honey soy and sweet chili Korean fried wings, chicken and pork dumplings and "kimchi" fries. We wanted the crunch ball, but it wasn't listed on the self ordering screens. We later learned that they are still on the menu, but were removed from the touchscreen ordering system. Huh? Why? 

Anyway, the double fried wings were freshly made, crunchy and flavorful. The dumplings were crispy. The pork ones were underwhelming due to their lack of flavor, while the chicken version were very good-they were seasoned well and had the perfect protein to veg ratio in the crispy shell. I put "  kimchi " in quotes for the fries because... it didn't taste kimchi-ish. The fries were hot, crispy and very tasty, but we decided that "spicy cheese fries" would be a better description than the current name. 

We had a delicious meal, but needed a bit of relief (maybe from some fresh veg or acidity) from all the fried food, near the end of the meal.

The grapefruit sparkling drink was VERY tart, très grapefruity. Cut through the fried stuff a bit.

The staff was very friendly, and the digs accommodate a decent amount of tables with a good amount of space between them. 

Wish the crunch ball had shown up on the self ordering system. Really wanted to try that.... next time!
Good Korean Fried Food.

I ordered ahead and didn't have to wait long for my Korean inspired crunchy goodness.  The super friendly voice on the phone said it would be ready in 15 and like clockwork, I had my food and drink, ready to go 15 mins later.  

The Crunch Ball definitely reminds of an arancini, and comes in a single orders, with options to make it vegetarian or beef.  It was definitely crunchy, salty, and kimchi-y.  The only issue I had was it wasn't very beefy at all, in fact, I wonder if I was given a vegetarian version.  It was definitely loaded with veggie, kimchi and rice with a spicy mayo sauce.  Either way, whatever I received was definitely unique and tasty.

The Wings came in a 5 pack and was recommended sauced with a sweet chili sauce.  The flavor was good, more sweet than hot, with a big battered crunch.  I might have wanted a little more spice but overall, a good KFC.  Definitely a dish to chow down on sooner rather than later to maximize the crunch factor.

The matcha green tea might have been the best iced matcha I've ever had.  Finally an Iced Matcha made with enough matcha that ends up tasting like Matcha!  My draw for coming back might just be this drink.
Fried chicken so good it makes me wanna slap my mama. 

I love that they cut up the chicken breast before they batter and fry it. Nothing is worse than having to suffer through a big dry fried chicken breast. The guys and gals here have found a way to increase the outside surface area of the chicken breast so there is more crispy fried goodness on the outside and the inside is heated more evenly and rapidly so the moisture doesn't completely vanish by the time they pull the breast out the fryer.  

The kimchi fried rice ball is amazing. The outside is crunchy but the inside is still gooey and fluffy. 

Do yourself a favor and order half a chicken with a kimchi fried rice ball on the side. 

Friendly staff. Nice, neat, well decorated interior. 

Swing by and get your fingers sticky!
Great customer service, but oversauced and overfried.

Must get: crunchball, pork melt sandwich
Meh: dumplings, 
Missed out: fried chicken wings, boneless wings

I have a soft spot but sore stomach for greasy fried food, and while Crunchik'n offers a great competition with Bonchon, I think Crunchik'n can improve drastically by reducing the sauce and cheese. When it comes to fried chicken, this place got the recipe down perfectly, with a perfect blend of succulent white meat encased with a crunchy exterior drenched in numerous flavors du jour. Most of the dishes come with a korean flavor, and the most unique dish is the Crunchball, which the staff lovingly referred as a Korean arancini. While there are multiple flavors to choose from, it was unfortunate that you couldn't order a few samples of the dipping sauces. I would have preferred each dish to have less sauce, as they overwhelm the texture and make the sandwich too soggy to hold. The pork melt was an interesting, philly meets banh-mi, but once again, foiled by the overwhelming amount of cheese that made each bite feel like chomping through thickened cheese curds, rather then enjoying the carefully marinated pork chunks.

On future visit, I may try out the chicken wings, but be careful to bring extra tums.

Food: 3 stars
Service: 4 stars - had complimentary sample of the crunchball
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars - pseudo-hipster
Wings: very crunchy but not dry. The chicken is very moist and tender. I had honey soy spicy. It has mild spiciness. Highly recommend.

I had the crunch balls: the name says it all, it's has crunchy outside texture. It's very delicious from the mix of sweet and spicy. The filling has some veggie, It's definitely their signature dish. You will get hooked.
came by for lunch on a weekday and there was ample seating for you to sit and enjoy your food so my friend and i got a table.

Bulgogi Sandwich: this was good and tasty! lots of vegetables, meat and good flavors.

Wings: we got the soy garlic and the korean bbq. they were very weirdly similar so i wouldn't recommend getting both but they were tasty! definitely crispy but not as meaty as i like it (i'm used to the meaty korean wings at soho cafe)

Rice ball: this was OK. the concept is great but the textures of the crispy outside and the soggy rice inside wasn't the best together. i love cozy day's rice balls; they're wrapped in seaweed, i wish they would try to make those here! so yummy

overall i give this place a 3.6/5
service was good and came out pretty quickly!
Ordered two sets of 10 wings - 10 honey soy and 10 sweet chili. Wings were well fried, but weren't as saucy. Super crispy on the outside and juicy/tender on the inside!! They were sizable wings, making it actually hard to finish all 10 wings in one sitting! 

The kimchi cheese fries had a great balance between the cheese and kimchi. The kimchi has a nice kick to it, but isn't too overpowering! At first I thought there wasn't enough cheese for the amount of fries, but there was plenty left. It's a very unique item on their menu, and it works very well!

The peach bubble tea (which is more juice-like) was very delicious and the taro (which is more milky) wasn't too sweet. The tapioca was soft as well!

The price of the wings is doable especially due to the large size of the wings! Doesn't leave you with the lingering thought of, "why is korean fried chicken so overpriced?" 

I'm very sad I couldn't dine in and meet the owners that I've heard so many great things about. Hope to do so after covid19 ends!

Service-wise, the restaurant took covid19 seriously and was very organized in how they operated. They added a choco-pie with our order which was very thoughtful and sweet! Not sure if it's because we ordered a lot or if it was a complimentary item, but it was my boyfriend's first choco-pie!
FYI: Find extra seating in the back!!

WHAT WE GOT: Crunch ball, pork dumpling, bulgogi beef sandwich, chicken rice bowl

PROS: Seriously, one of the BEST customer service experiences I've ever had! Not only did we get the crunch ball on the house, but they also took off the price of the sandwich because it took a while to get to our table. The people there were incredibly nice and friendly, I cannot say enough good things about them. As for the food, the flavors were definitely there. Everything was absolutely delicious and nothing left you feeling too stuffed. My two personal favorites are the sandwich (the pickled veggies paired with the heavier meat/cheese is amazing) and the crunch ball. Seriously...if you go and just get one thing, get the crunch ball. It's delicious and the textures are amazing. Take out or eat in, this place is awesome. The place is clean, adorable decor, and plenty of seating. I will definitely be back.

CONS: Absolutely none.
It's hard to find good Korean food in philly, but this place didn't disappoint!! The staff is super friendly, and the food is even better 

Ordered their Korean fried popcorn chicken which was very flavorful, crispy, and quite possibly the best Korean fried chicken I've ever had.

Also ordered their crunch ball which was filled with kimchi fried rice and chicken, which was sooooooo delicious!! It was very flavorful and soft on the inside with the perfect amount of crispy ness on the outside.

Their spicy tuna rice bowl was also ridiculously good. It's really filling, and also really refreshing. It felt like a salad with japchae noodles and light rice, which was soooo good. They also include a vegetable dumpling...and who doesn't love dumplings?! 

In general- I'm going to be a regular here, can't wait to try the rest of their menu!!!!!
I ordered on caviar and got the food quickly, just as ordered. The soy honey sauce was good, although very sticky. I didn't love the sauce that came with the dumplings, but the dumplings themselves was very good.
Service was friendly and order was ready on time.

I ordered takeout online. The online menu wasn't very descriptive for a first-timer like I was.  I took menu photos for reference later. 

The sauces were sweeter than I'd prefer. My vegetable bowl hit the spot, with veggies, noodles, rice, and picked veggies. The tofu was just fine. The tofu and chicken are "oven fried." That combined with condensation from the heat inside the takeout container meant that it wasn't as crunchy/crispy as I expected or hoped. 

It's a healthier takeout option in the area,  so that's nice.
This place is just ok, they fit squarely in the low price, no frills category. It's not the best Korean food, but you can get full for about 10 bucks. My wife and I were in the area and wanted a quick and fast meal so we both tried the Popcorn Chicken Rice Bowl. It incorporates a bunch of offering from the restaurant so it was a good marker for success. It included Japchae, Popcorn Chicken, Veggie Dumpling, Rice, and salsa. None of the flavors were outstanding, but I didn't leave upset.
Definitely sets itself apart from other spots here in the area, with Asian fusion. You can get everything here from tacos, popcorn chicken, japchae, bubble tea, and rice bowls. It's all pretty good, but nothing really stands out as being their main stay (possibly the popcorn chicken). Overall, great spot for getting a whole bunch of everything that you've been craving.
I am happy this place exists in the center of Philly! I used to have to go all the way up to Cafe Soho to get my crunchy chicken fix but this place can now save me some gas money! Their sauces....fantastic! I tried their Korean BBQ, their Honey Soy, and their Sweet Chili. Loved all three! I saw other customers get their rice bowls which looked lovely so I'll definitely have to get that next time!

I mentioned Cafe Soho so let me compare. Crunchik'n has similar prices, more sauces that I like, SLIGHTLY smaller wings (meat was still good though), an equal crunchiness, a great location, and the restaurant itself looked very stylish for its size.
Such a great addition to the neighborhood dining options! The staff are super friendly and helpful, and the food is delicious with good-sized portions for the money.
I went for the soft opening, it is a small restaurant, the service is nice. It's more of a order by the cashier and sit type. The food is affordable. 

The spicy tuna tacos are amazing! I love the amount of vegetables in it although it is very messy to eat. 

The wings, i am not a huge fan. It's not bad, but the part that I got have a lots of bones. Unlike how others fried chicken place, those other place use mainly the drumsticks and wings, which I prefer more. I think that is more of a personal preference. The sauce is okay, I like the chili aioli. The chicken is not too crispy, a little too much sauce to make it soft.
I first came across Crunchik'n along the Boardwalk in Jersey. It was so great to see some quality diverse fare in the area. At the time I ordered the popcorn chicken and the tuna tacos (both were delicious). When I heard that they opened a store in Philly, I had to check it out. 

I decided to try some different items at their new location. We got the crunch balls, wings, half chicken, and spicy pork melt. First of all, everything had such a great texture and crispiness to it. The crunch balls are a generous portion of rice and packed with flavor. If you enjoy kimchi fried rice, I highly recommend getting it. The chicken was nicely flavored and perfectly tender. The glaze over the wings and half chicken were just right - not overly gloopy, and covering every crevice while still keeping the skin crunchy. My favorite sauces are the honey soy and the Korean BBQ. The honey soy is self explanatory, but as a heads up the Korean BBQ is not what you would expect. It has a bit more tang/acidity than what I would typically associate with Korean BBQ, but it's still addicting. I also appreciated that the half chicken came with some home made pickled vegetables to cut some of the fried goodness. I was pleasantly surprised by the spicy pork melt. I know not everyone is a fan of cheese with Asian food, some may even find it confusing, but the combo of spicy (from the pork), cheesy, and sweet (from the pickled vegetables) was actually pretty amazing. I would definitely get the sandwich again. 

Overall I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here. I will definitely be back.
We r loading in Hamilton next door and saw this place this morning. Woo hoo. Love Korean food. Sent hubby for two mango Boba and he came back with bulgogi bowl with extra Kimchee. Omg... so glad he went. The small bowl was plenty for us two. And the kimche was super pickly and not too spicy and verrrrry crunchy. Perfect!!
   Ok now is lunch/dinner time and a lot of the crew is in here for eats!! This time we got wings. Some spicy hot chili and some soy honey.  Oh ya...2 sides of their great Kimchee. Wings were awesome as well. And LOVE their Kimchee.
The popcorn chicken is awesome. Just like the wings it's very crunchy and the meat is still tender. Honey soy and Korean barbecue has good flavor. The Korean barbecue has some spicy kick. 

The spicy tuna taco is spicy but delicious. It's like poke meets taco. One taco is big and fillings. It has generous amount of guacamole and some veggies on top.  It also has spicy mayo on the side.

Everything here doesn't disappoint me
The chicken and the crunchy balls are phenomenal and Jae is overly stunning. I'm now arranging my next excursion back. 

Look at the fiery bean stew sauce. It's good to the point that I need to get it by the case.
The best Korean Fried Chicken in Philadelphia bar none. The care they take with their product is amazing. Homemade sauces, homemade everything really. Hand trimmed chicken that is addictive. Don't miss the spicy tuna rice bowls either, the Bulgogi Sandwiches, the Crunch Dog. It is all amazing. Family owned and the service is second to none.
Definitely some of the best Korean fried chicken wings that I've had. I almost always go to bonchon if I'm ever craving them, but figured I'd give it a try here since I walk past it pretty often. In all honesty I think this arguably better than the wings at bonchon. I only tried the spicy soy flavor, but the wings were really crispy and the inside had a lot of meat. Will have to come back and try it again to confirm, but I was definitely pleasantly surprised by how good it was. I also got the beef melt sandwich, which was really good. It was very banh mi-esque in terms of the bread and vegetables, but just with a lot of cheese. Wish it had jalapeños but other than that it was a good choice to balance out the wings.
Easy to order, I called ahead for pick up. It took about 10-15 minutes. They have a bunch of tables and the dining room was very nice. The take out containers were environmentally and microwave friendly, no foam.I got the beef crunch ball, I was not a fan but I do not know why, I think maybe the tastes in it were not complex, rather shallow. It was deep friend and rice based with a dipping sauce. 
The Spicy Pork Melt was a real winner. Absolutely cravable and something to bring other people to try. Well balanced, full of flavor, a great deal. I will definitely be back for the spicy pork melt. It has the perfect roll, red cabbage, cilantro, shredded carrots, onions, and the most tender pork. Overall if you want a modern Korean sandwich which is really well done and stuffed to the brim then you'll love Crunchik'n!!
Food was fresh and delicious .
I wanted to bathe in the kimchi fries. So gooey and ooey. 
My popcorn chicken rice bowl with extra honey soy sauce on the side mixed in was D-LISH-US! 
My girlfriend got the order of japchae with bulgogi and it was so flavorful and hot .
Come here for a new twist on korean food
As someone who prefers vegetarian food over meat, cruncik'n has some of the best chicken you will find in the city. Their oven chicken is juicy, tender, and fresh. Their new volcano sauce is actually fire. Their kimchi cheese fries are also some of the best fries in the city. They also have a lot of bubble tea options with boba that tastes more natural than other places. 

I would highly highly recommend if you're looking for something more casual with high quality food and a variety of options.
Ordered takeout. Tacos are HEFTY and worth the price! Loaded with meat and mountains of lettuce. The spicy pork taco was very flavorful! 

My boyfriend had the grilled chicken rice bowl. Chicken was decent and the glass noodles it came with was tasty! 

Only complaint is that the bubble tea is flavorless. We ordered a black milk tea and Thai tea (which is an extra $1 flavor) and they most tasted like cold ice water at most.
Their wings and fried chicken are amazing. Get them with Korean BBQ sauce.  The rice dish is pretty good.  It is interesting to mix salsa with Korean rice, noodle and meat (go with the pork).  The place is brand new and clean.   Haven't try their bubble tea yet
I order 30 wings, a large popcorn chicken, and two veggie crunch balls. I placed my order on Toasttab for pick up at 8:30pm, and it was very straightforward. 

I got to the restaurant, and there's a sign saying to call before opening their door. Not a bad idea for covid-19 prevention, but their phone line was constantly busy. I called about 10 times before getting to someone picking up the call, so I can ask about my order. A suggestion for management is to maybe have a LED display sign that displays which order numbers are ready so the phone line doesn't get congested. 

I picked up my order to see if everything is there. They didn't give us any utensils like napkins or fork, but it wasn't a big deal. I didn't get to eat the chicken until 3 hours later, so I can't tell you how the chicken were fresh out of the box. It wasn't bad though from reheating the chicken. I would order from them again to try it fresh next time.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! We come here once a week and have tried pretty much everything on the menu--the only thing to skip are the bulgolgi sandwiches, which are too soggy.

Every sauce is perfection. The rice bowls are fantastic. The japchae is also delicious.

Crunchik'n is also fast and covid-safe. Highly recommend!!
Tl;dr: a casual Korean fusion restaurant for quick eats, specializing in fried chicken. 

Crunchik'n is a recently opened chain restaurant hailing from New Jersey. I was really excited for this new wave of Korean food for philly and especially for Korean fried chicken. 

The food:
- half chicken: approx $13 dollars with a variety of white and dark meat. The chicken was perfectly cooked, with tender meat and a good crunch. You can request multiple sauces to try at once.  I ordered the sweet chili spicy and the soy honey super spicy sauces. My biggest gripe was that these had very little spice. I had multiple friends who are really bad with heat and they were both able to eat these with no problem. I do think they are receptive to feedback, and are working on figuring out the right spice level. 
- dumplings: the dumplings come in a fried skin and with a tangy vinegarette dressing. I enjoyed these! 
 
How does it compare to Bonchon, another chain in Philly that specializes in fried chicken? 
- wait time: goes to Crunchik'n (10 min) vs Bonchon (25 min). I have no idea why it takes so long for your order to arrive in Bonchon. 
- taste: Bonchon for now, at least until Crunchik'n figures out their spiciness levels for their sauces 
- price: about the same
- ambiance: Crunchik'n is better for grabbing some chicken for a night in, Bonchon is better for group parties (and has an extensive bar)
I... love this place. I've only ever ordered delivery through Toast and I've only tried the crunch dogs, the veggie crunch balls, the bulgogi melt and the fries, so I don't have an extensive knowledge of the menu, but my god are the Crunch Dogs addictive. Heed my warning. If you have an addictive personality, try something else on the menu. I'm pretty sure they are one of the only restaurants in Philly that makes them and that's why I tried them to begin with. Believe the hype. Personally, I love just a straight beef dog with ketchup, mustard and potatoes or a cheese dog with hot Cheetos and spicy mayo, but feel free to mix it up. There are several possible combos. 

I must admit, I have three cons. 1. I don't absolutely love the fries, they're usually undercooked and lacking seasoning, but they're fries. I can always pop them in my oven and add seasoning once they get to me. 2. I wish you could order Crunch Dogs through Uber so I could order with priority delivery in order to maintain the cheese pull in the colder months, but I know it's probably difficult to add to Uber with all the combo options. But if you ever decided to do so, I'd be elated and 3. I wish you didn't sell out of toppings or ingredients for crunch dogs as frequently as you do. I haven't ordered several times because you were out of stock of potatoes, or spicy mayo, or hot cheetos.. but that means you guys are in high demand, so, I get it. I'm just jealous.
Tremendous.  On my visit I ordered ten wings - five soy honey and five sweet chili.  Reasonable prices, super flavorful, meaty and - most importantly - SO crispy.  

You receive your order through a slot in their door, just big enough to get the food through.  That made me feel comfortable with their safety protocals.
It's like Korean food, chipotle style, with a great balance of flavor.
Came here with friends to try out this new place close to work. It is next to the Jefferson medical library and Hospital. We were greeted by a friendly cashier who turned out to be a VP. She recommended the fried half chicken, apparently more flavorful than the boneless popcorn chicken, and we each got a different rice bowl to try. We also got to try the Crunchik'n rice ball, notes to be like Arancini, and their Mandu, or dumplings. 

When we walked in this guy told us everything on the menu is good, as he has had their food in Ocean City. He was definitely right! The half chicken with sauce was the right combination of savory, heat and warmth. We all hugely enjoyed our rice bowel- the pork, beef and tuna were all delicious, with salad, rice and glass noodles filling out the meal nicely. Last but not least their dumplings were complex in flavor, completed with glass noodle filling, and their rice balls were an explosion of umami.

Great place for take out, lunch, or a fast casual meal with friends!
A unique Korean/ Korean fusion place.

Sandwiches (~$9 for a small): A love child born from bahn mi and a cheesesteak. It comes with either bulgogi or spicy pork. Both are really good, but I prefer the bulgogi because it had a more apparent flavor. These sandwiches are incredibly juicy, so grab some napkins. They contain A LOT of pickled vegetables, so if that's not your thing then maybe steer clear of this. However, I must say the veggies are delicious and the whole combination just works. Would eat again.

Dumplings: Super crispy and very juicy dumplings. The staff was very generous and let us try these for free! 10/10 for service. The dumplings were delicious with the usual taste of chives/green onions. The crunchy exterior is great. Would eat again.

Crunch Ball: What a unique experience this item was. A deep fried rice ball with a yummy filling and crunchy exterior. It is also covered in a sriracha mayo-like sauce very commonly used in sushi. The crunchy exterior sold me on this. Very tasty. Would definitely eat again.

All in all, a really unique experience with interesting items that are fun to try! 10/10 would recommend.
Just stopped by with my friend on our way to dinner! 

And I have to say: I LOVE THE CHICKEN HERE.

I'm a regular at both bonchon locations in the city, have tried pelacana but I have to say the chicken here is so fresh, and they make it from scratch to order! The spiciness is not overbearing as I can still taste the soy as well. Usually when I get spicy anywhere else it's so spicy I can't taste anything but the spice. Perfect mix. 

The server was great, the cashier was extremely friendly. The place itself is bright and clean (considering its a sit down that you serve yourself those tend to be messy since ppl often neglect cleaning them when it gets busy) 

Have to say might be a regular here. My friend and I really want to try the kimchi cheese fries and the KOREAN OVEN CHICKEN. Stay tune for the next update!
We stopped in for lunch. Very ordinary and lacking any real exciting menu options.  Service was slow and inattentive to their customers
Stopped at this place after work, delicious. I first tried this place in Ocean City and this Philly location is just as good. Crunch ball was complimentary with my order. Will definitely come back for more!
Being a huge Korean fried chicken fan, I wanted to try out a smaller place that wasn't Bonchon. I had heard some friends hype yo this place, so I wanted to give it a try myself. I came in with a few friends around 8PM on a weekday. I loved the ordering screens that were in the restaurant; they gave me time to look through the menu and choose sauce options.

After perusing the menu and sides for quite some time, I went with a 10-piece Wings and Sweet Potato Fries side. I ended up choosing the Honey Soy and Sweet Chili Spicy Sauce options for my chicken.

In about 10 minutes, my name and order number were called at the counter, and I picked up my food. I was impressed by the size of the wings, and they appeared to look super saucy and appetizing. After taking my first bite, I was impressed. The crunch was great, and I really enjoyed both sauce flavors. Neither was overwhelmingly sweet or spicy. My Sweet Potato Fried, however, were a bit disappointing. They lacked any type of salt and tasted a bit flavorless. The crunch and texture were great, but just adding a touch of salt upon cooking could have fixed them. 

Overall, I liked this place a lot. I definitely wouldn't consider it a replacement for Bonchon, but it's a cool restaurant to visit regardless. I like the wing quality, sauce variety, and would I definitely be very curious to try other menu items in the future.
Amazing people running this place. They make some of the best Korean fried chicken around.  Everything on this menu is amazing. They made a lifetime customer out of me
Came here for lunch around 12pm. It's such a hidden gem! Food came out in a timely manner and the customer service was great! I had the honey soy spicy wings and dumplings (they were complimentary - big thanks!). Food was delicious!
This spot is something you should seek out if you're in Philly. Just a few blocks from market street forget Reading Terminal Market head to 11th and walnut. Crunchik'n popularizes Korean favors with some of the most delicious and tender chicken you will find. It's not your typical take-to-go joint, everything here is new, exciting and flavorful. If you like spice and sweetness try the Korean BBQ and the Sweet Chili sauce on the Popcorn Chicken. I also recommend the strawberry lemonade soda, it's handmade and refreshing. Yet that's not the best part! The team is friendly, welcoming and fun. The location is clean/brand new and central to where you want to be. Make sure you stop in to see Jen she'll give you a tour of their newest menu items. Can't wait to see what else they add in the future!
This is probably my favorite lunch spot near Jefferson campus. The owners of this particular restaurant are korean. I usually get their veggie rice bowl, but They've given me food for free before and their chicken is pretty good. I think the first time I ever went the owner kept bringing me out fresh dishes to try.
Crunchik'n is a great option for a weeknight pickup, if you're craving some Korean flavors and fried chicken. They offer a variety of options, including boneless chicken, wings, and kimchi fries. When I first walked into the restaurant, it leads into a larger seating area through a small hallway where you can watch the kitchen at work. The ambiance definitely has the feeling of more a takeout place than a sit-down, but you do have the option to dine in. 

Now on to the food itself. I typically order the popcorn chicken and kimchi fries. The chicken itself is very crispy, as Korean fried chicken should be. The sauces are very flavorful. I order the honey soy super spicy and sweet chili spicy, and both are fantastic. Just the right amount of spice level for me, and I really love the flavors on the honey soy sauce. The kimchi fries are also great, with a good amount of kimchi and especially the cheese. This is a great spot to come when you're not feeling up for cooking!
So glad I finally got to eat here!!! I loved it. The interior is clean and cute. There's a nice amount of seating. It was beautiful outside so we didn't stay inside; we went to the park across the way. 

The menu is great. I wanted to try everything. I need to try all the sauces. I got kimchi fries. They were delicious and crunchy and cheesey. I ordered a popcorn chicken bowl with sweet chili and that was excellent. The bowl comes with a dumpling noodles and rice! The side of popcorn chicken with Korean BBQ sauce was also amazing. My friend said the bubble tea was just ok. But I didn't order any. 

I can't say enough good about this place. The owner is super nice and supportive of the neighborhood and the community. I wish the restaurant was open later but I will definitely be back regularly!
The popcorn chicken is so delicious.  So tender and the sauces are to die for.  I also tried the rice ball and it was everything I hoped it would be. So yummy !! I'll be back !
Korean food is definitely starting to add food scene in Philadelphia.

Super friendly owner and staff. I went here when they've just opened and got free gift of nice hand towel.

I got the jap chai and beef bowl. Beef bowl has rice on the bottom, a dumpling, fresh salsa, jap chai, and delicious beef. 

The beef is very tender and amazingly delicious. Perfect seasoning, still retains the beef juice and well balanced in flavor. It melts in your mouth, not chewy or dry at all. 

The salsa is fresh with a spicy kick to it but not overwhelming and overly dominant. It gives a nice freshness to the meal. I also got the veggie jap chai. Noodle is very fresh and perfect flavor, a lot in a portion. 


The dumplings are amazingly fresh. The dough is thin and super soft but still retains the shape. Although it's fried, it's not greasy at all. Definitely get this.
The owner explained that the meat is fresh and prepared in the house. They trim and season the meat themselves.

The take out container is environmentally friendly. 

Currently not everything is available. The oven roasted chicken isn't available until March.

There are two ordering stations to place your order and there's complimentary water station.

There are some seats to eat in. 

I can't wait to try their other dish.
So excited this place opened up right next to Jefferson!  Korean fried chicken wings here is awesome.  The batter is on its own flavorful and has a light, airy and crunchy texture.  The sauces we tried were Korean BBQ (very tasty) and Soy Chili (also quite tasty).  The customer service was excellent, smiling faces all around!  They are also tech savvy working with Caviar for delivery and they have two self order kiosks for those in a bit of a hurry.  Serene decor in the seating area with really cool decal of Philly skyline on the wall.  Will definitely be coming back for more!  Cherry on top was that they gave out thank you gifts for their first customers, a nice quality terry cloth towel with their logo, which will come in handy for future Korean fried chicken eating adventures at this place
Ordered a fried chicken rice bowl with spicy sweet chili sauce. It was a reasonable price for a good portion of food and tasted great. Also tried the rice ball appetizer which was very unique and extremely flavorful. The employees were very friendly and helpful. Overall, this place has lots of options and doesn't break the bank, will definitely be returning.
Stopped by for Crunchik'n's soft opening! Their food never disappoints! So happy that they are expanding from ocean city to center city. Staff is super friendly and very welcoming.

They have a wide selection of sauces for their fried chicken (soy, spicy soy, sweet chili, honey bbq, korean bbq and more) and as well as the option to get a whole/half chicken as an order. Wings were flavorful, super juicy, and delicious! 

Also can't go wrong with a rice bowl. They taste clean and healthy, its such a yummy asian fusion combination!! Rice , choice of meat or fish, with fresh vegetables! If you're in the area, please give this place a try!! It's just as good if not better than all the other korean fried chicken places you've had in chinatown.
We first knew about this place when we saw it in OC in Jersey two summers ago. And since then every time we are back there, we go. So-when we heard they opened in Philly, we were excited. Took our two boys there last night for dinner and they loved everything! We ordered 30 wings in 3 different kinds of sauces, dumplings, spicy funk taco, and a spicy pork rice bowl. 

The wings: the wings were delicious. Crispy, moist, and the sauce was just right. Not too heavy. They are small compared to the crazy big wings at Bonchon but that's fine by us. The crunch is actually better than Bonchon and the sauce not as dry as the wings at Bonchon which is good. Also their spicy wings were more consistent than the spicy wings at Bonchon where one wing's level of spicy can be very different from another wing.
Dumplings: we got the chicken. They were good. Not frozen dumplings but I think homemade. 
Rice bowl: it was a great mix of vermicelli noodles, greens, Korean spicy pork, a dumpling, and rice. A great mix of textures, flavors, and temperature. 
Spicy tuna taco: it was huge. I was expecting a small taco but it was huge. The tuna was flavorful and fresh. There was a brown sauce on there that was sweet but I think the taco would have been good without that sauce. They also served it with a spicy mayo sauce on the side. 

Service: you order at the counter and they call your name or bring the food to you. You put away your dishes, etc. with that said, the staff is very friendly, helpful with suggestions, and efficient. 

I'm selfishly glad hubby works close by so he can bring takeout home. The food definitely travels well and you don't lose that crunch as takeout. 

I really hoped they will be around for a long time.
The staff were so nice and helpful with input on what to try. They served quickly which worked out great since we had a limited lunch break. The food was amazing. Best chicken wings ever... loved the honey soy and will need to try the spicy one. Bubble tea was good. And the one side is some kind of ball (beef) that is deep fried with a sauce on the side.
I love seeking out unique places. My wife and I stopped by for a snack and I am counting down the days to go back! 

We split the large popcorn chicken. It was perfectly juicy and equally crunchy. The sauces were amazing. The quality or sweet and spicy has me salivating in retrospect.

Not only was the food delicious, but the people working there were super kind. The restaurant was clean and there was plenty of seating. 

I cant wait to go back and try more of their menu!
Best Korean food in center city hands down, especially the fried chicken it's sooo delicious!
This place is AWESOME. I definitely recommend it. The crunch ball was amazing. It has kimchi in it so there was a little kick but definitely worth a try. Also the pork dumplings were great and come with a delish sauce. The owner Jen is so friendly. It's also a decent size eat-in so you can come with friends.  The food is a great price and delicious. Can't beat that!
Definitely overrated and probably overpriced. A good quick meal when you're in the area and need something, but the chicken is not the best I've had. It's crunchy but too heavily breaded and all of the sauce options are pretty sweet. There also aren't many healthy side options. The actual building is nice and is good for groups, and the service is always good. It does take a while for them to cook the food so definitely budget extra time for that.
Solid Kfc with fairly quick service. Good bulgolgi cheesesteak/bahnmi fusion sandwich. Pork bowl was mediocre, but kimchi fries were amazing. Clean seating and restrooms.
Love the honey soy spicy popcorn chicken! Also, they provide great customer service! It was my first time here and I already will be returning!
The popcorn chicken was delightful, especially with the sumptuous sweet chilly spicy sauce. The dumplings (with pork, no shame) came with another delightful sauce. The texture on both was amazing. I'd say the popcorn chicken was nearly like candy. The beef/rice combo provided a wonderful base.
Right next to Jefferson, a work colleague and I saw it on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  As I was approaching I realized that it had replaced a pretty good middle eastern restaurant.  I was sad when it had closed but glad it was replaced by quick modern Asian food.  Decided to get a small order of the popcorn chicken and the beef crunch ball.  I wasn't always a fan of the restaurant setup, it's a narrow setup but you don't come for the feng shui.  The popcorn chicken was delicious, I ate it all.  My colleague got the large and had to do a carryout.  As far as the crunchball, I wasn't a big fan.  If you've ever eaten a risotto ball, it's similar to that, wasn't too amazed by the texture.  Overall, it was a good meal, wouldn't mind coming back for the wings, would like to see how it compares to Bon Chon.
Maybe an unpopular opinion, but this is my favorite [Korean] fried chicken place in the city!

Crunchik'n keeps the menu simple, but the flavors deliver! Prices are super fair, orders are consistently completed in a timely fashion, and they're always cheerful and gracious. In my experience, I can't say ANY other chicken place in Philly. 

Def recommend and will be back soon!
Good but a bit pricey! I paid $30 for 20 smallish wings recently. The honey soy was good, very similar to Cafe SoHo's soy garlic sauce but less intense in flavor and the batter is less crispy. The super spicy honey soy has a kick but is nowhere as spicy as Cafe Soho's spicy wings (if you need a comparison). Oddly though, after eating only 4 spicy wings from here I experienced bad heartburn afterwards. I don't recall having this issue after having Cafe Soho and their wings are on another level of spicy. I'll still come back here if I really want Korean fried chicken and don't feel like driving to Cheltenham. The honey soy is worth coming back for.
A really lovely, family owned Korean fried chicken restaurant-- but they have so much more! From tacos to their crunch balls (aka a Korean version of an arancini) to their special rice bowls, Crunchikn is sure to fulfill any craving. My absolute favorites are their kimchi cheese fries (literally the dream) and their new(-ish) oven fried chicken. The owners are also super nice and approachable. Looking forward to the new food items they have been hinting about on their insta, and so happy they have expanded to Philly!
Ordered from here twice. I'd say they are the best wings in Philly.  The rice bowls are good too, but the wings are the highlight.
How have I missed the joys of KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) all my life.

Stand back, Satan. It's time to indulge. I popped in after work and opted for a rice bowl with KF popcorn chicken. Here's what you got:

A medium sized bowl that had multi layers of about six nice chunks of fried chicken pieces, about thumb sized, hot jasmine rice, a kind of pico de gallo (tomatoes and onions, I think), lettuce (SO IT'S HEALTHY PEOPLE, SHUT UP) jap chae (WHUT) and one fun dumpling. It was around $10 or $11 and quite filling. I chose the sweet chili sauce. Probably next time I might ask them to do it on the side or just a light drizzle for my personal preference. 

It did take a few minutes until it was ready. Next time I might order ahead but really, it wasn't too bad of a wait.

Can't wait to come again.
This place came highly recommended by my fiancee who frequents here as a Jefferson employee. I opted to try the Spicy Honey Soy chicken wings (5 wings for appx $7 with tax). The wings were made fresh to order and were perfectly fried and so crispy on the outside with nice juicy chicken on the inside. The spicy honey soy glaze was really good too, not too spicy - I actually want to try the extra spicy next time!

Overall definitely enjoyed their chicken and would look forward to coming back to try either the popcorn chicken or different sauces!
Clean and welcoming space. Really nice and helpful. I ordered the Korean fried chicken (sweet chili spicy and honey soy garlic), tuna rice bowl, crunch balls and spicy pork melt. Portions were huge and everything was mouthwatering delicious. Best Korean fried chicken in the city. Such a great addition to the city. Will definitely be back!!
My second favorite Korean fried chicken I've had. I got the soy garlic and the spicy chili wings. They were both very tasty and enjoyable. The only con is that it's a little bit pricey for the amount you get. I would recommend though due to the flavors.
This place is easy to overlook, as it's not on a busy street, but it is worth searching for! The staff are very friendly and we received excellent and fast service. The food was all delicious, we tried the pork dumplings, a rice ball, a beef sandwich, and a grilled chicken rice bowl (). The rice ball and the sandwich were our favorites. The rice ball was tasty and spicy and very filling! As was the sandwich, which had such a wide variety of flavors that all mixed very well together. In addition to the food, the aesthetic inside was very cute with paintings of Europe (I think) on the walls featuring cafes and shops and tables outside. Will 100% be back again!
This spot is great for Korean fried chicken in the Philadelphia area! I ordered their combo with soy garlic spicy and sweet chili and it was delicious. The chicken was fresh- crunchy, hot, and seasoned perfectly. I ordered via delivery and it came packaged well and safe from exposure. The opening of the brown bag was folded carefully and then stapled. I felt safe and satisfied with the quality of the food.
Hi Yelpers,

I need your HELP!!!

I can't stop ordering from this place. The food is amazing and [of course] addictive. 

Now that I have that out of the way, it's  lunch time!!! 
Meal of the Day: Bulgogi Rice Bowl with Extra Meat from Crunchik'n 

Bye For Now :-)
(Less talking/texting and more eating)!

Food Junkie Journalist
Kim chi fries are great, and so were the Honey Soy wings. Pick up was super easy and efficient during covid. You call when you arrive, and they out your order on a shelf just on e other side of the door. 

Got the popcorn chicken another time, and though still good, I prefer the wings.
This chicken is incredible. Best Korean fried chicken I've ever had. So crispy and fresh- they make your food to order! The best thing about this place in my opinion is all the different sauce options/ types of chicken so you can mix your order up each time.

Both the fried chicken wings and the fried popcorn chicken are delicious, I can't decide which is better. The wings are great because they are just as crispy as the popcorn chicken. My favorite sauce is the honey soy spicy- it's unique, different from your typical soy sauce but is still simple. You can make it  as spicy or mild as you want as well. Highly recommend this place.

The staff are so nice, and let you sample the sauces as well so you can choose the sauce before you place your order!
I had high expectations for the place as I love korean fried chicken and the place had high reviews. However was left disapointed. The chicken was oddly chewy and all dark meat. Didnt have that crisp i was use to or looking for. I had the bowl. Im not sure why they layer lettuce between the chicken and noodles and rice. Thats lettuce under and between hot food which in return makes the lettuce gross. If your going to add lettuce sprinkle on top. For me personally it was a waste i ended up tossing the bowl as it was not edible for me.
This is such a convenient location close to Jefferson if you're trying to avoid walking over to Chinatown! The service was so sweet and very informative. The bubble tea was really good and flavorful. Definitely will be back!
Nice spot to grab a quick bite for lunch. Really good popcorn chicken - love the super spicy sauce. The small is good portion and very filling. Have also tried their spicy pork melt sandwich which is yummy. The bread can get very soggy though because of all the sauce/juice from the Pork
The only thing that made this fried chicken experience better was the service :). Came with a big group of 13 people and we practically ordered everything on the menu. Personally, my favs were the spicy soy chicken and the fried dumplings. Unfortunately, they didnt last long enough for a photo!
I  love korean fried chicken and when I  found out that this place was opening, I  went the first week! I  loved the crispy spicy fried chicken, but what I  REALLY loved was the veggie crunch balls. It's like Korean Arancini! AMAZING! Truly special- I  have never seen anything like that before. I  have returned many times and brought friends so I  could show off. The service is always excellent and the food is consistently good. I'm so happy that this place is here! There are still plenty of items on the menu I  have yet to try so I  will enjoy working my way through it all.
I ordered on Caviar, and had an issue with my driver. Crunchik'n called to let me know that the food had been ready for over an hour but nobody had picked it up yet, and that they'd make a fresh order for when the driver did come. Super nice of them to do seeing as the issue was not their fault at all! I really appreciated them reaching out and remaking the food at their own expense. They even included both in the order so I got double the food when my courier did finally arrive. 

I got the honey soy popcorn chicken and it's really good; the outside is very crunchy but the meat is not dry. I think they are covered in a well proportioned amount of sauce : )

Even if the food wasn't good (which it was), I'd likely visit the restaurant (in person) to give them another shot, just because their customer service is so good. Thanks guys!!
Korean food is definitely starting to add food scene in Philadelphia.Super friendly owner and staff. I went here when they've just opened and got free gift of nice hand towel.

I got the jap chai and beef bowl. Beef bowl has rice on the bottom, a dumpling, fresh salsa, jap chai, and delicious beef. 

The beef is very tender and amazingly delicious. Perfect seasoning, still retains the beef juice and well balanced in flavor. It melts in your mouth, not chewy or dry at all. 

The salsa is fresh with a spicy kick to it but not overwhelming and overly dominant. It gives a nice freshness to the meal. I also got the veggie jap chai. Noodle is very fresh and perfect flavor, a lot in a portion. 


The dumplings are amazingly fresh. The dough is thin and super soft but still retains the shape. Although it's fried, it's not greasy at all. Definitely get this.
The owner explained that the meat is fresh and prepared in the house. They trim and season the meat themselves.

Currently not everything is available. The oven roasted chicken isn't available until March.

There are two ordering stations to place your order and there's complimentary water station.

There are some seats to eat in. 

I can't wait to try their other dish.
We were just going through philly to get to lancaster and decided to pick up some federal donuts and found this place for dinner. We ordered the crunch ball(Beef), the beef bowl over rice and 10 wings. It honestly wasn't super duper authentic but it didn't really bother me all that much because it tasted good. For example the breading on the wings was kind of lumpy and wasn't sleek but it sure did have a good crunch as their name suggests. The beef bowl was solid and had a good number of pickles and side dishes but the beef itself was a little disappointing. The crunchball was definitely crunchy but i really didn't love the filling. It wasn't a knockout star but i'd come back if i didn't know where else to go.
Pretty solid fried chicken! The breading is crispy and the meat is moist and juicy! The full chicken could easily feed 3-4 people. The rice bowls also looked really good and the menu is quite extensive with tacos, wings, fried chicken, rice bowls, and much more. The staff was super friendly and nice and the place is pretty cute! Nice spot for some Korean fusion.
My family and I have been Crunchik'n acolytes for years now. We first experienced their holy dishes at their Ocean City location and have since been making pilgrimages to the Philadelphia location. They simply do not miss. In particular we are big fans of the wings (all flavors rock), which are perfectly crispy and juicy every time. But the tacos are also excellent and I love the bulgogi melt. As a bonus, the family owners are absolutely delightful and generous people. Can't wait to continue trying their new innovations and re-experiencing their best ones!
Hiiiiiiiiiiii Yelpers,

I'm back with another ONE!!!!! This place is amazing...

If you're looking to eat 
Being messy or neat
Go online to place an order
 You don't have to beat your feet 
(...that's walking if you don't know) LOL

Note: THEY HAVE delivery [online].

Anyways, I ordered the Sweet Chili Wings, Bulgogi Rice Bowl and Vegetarian Rice Bowl with a side of rice.  When my food arrived the smell hit my nose and curled my toes hahahahahahaha.............I had to call them to give compliments to the Chef.!.

I've never had a crispy wing delivered and it was still extra crunchy...until I had this chicken. The Japchae noodles are a delight and the Bulgogi will put you to sleep, so I must say "Good Night!"

Until Next Time,

Food Junkie J

P.S. When you go by tell Jen I sent you :-)
We had Crunchik'n catered to our office, and it was delicious! We had beef and veggie tacos, 2 kinds of dumplings, lots of popcorn and fried chicken and it was all delicious. Some sauces had great spice, some were sweeter and there seemed to be something for everyone! I haven't had a lot of Korean fried chicken, but this was very delicious, and it seems like they have a lot of other great reviews. I will definitely be back in the future for more!
This is honestly a long overdue review. I tried this place once via delivery and decided to splurge on the Bulgogi melt and the regular french fries. I did not know what to expect, but I was truly impressed by both of the items. The beef was perfectly seasoned and the cabbage and salsa that they put on it just complimented it perfectly. The french fries were just the right amount of crispy without being too burnt. I had to facetime my friend just so I could show her how amazing the food looked.

I was so impressed the first time that it was an easy decision to order from here again a few days later. This time I got the Bulgogi melt again, but I switched it up and got the kimchi fries. I loved the sauce that they put on the fries. You could definitely taste the kimchi flavor without it being overpowering, nor did the cheese make the fries soggy.

Final verdict? I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious meal.
I tried Crunchik'n for the first time for dinner and it was really good! There are plenty of tables you can sit at if you want and it's byob! The owners were super nice. They give you a gift if it's the first time you're there and I got to try a tuna taco on the house! It was kinda like a sushi/poke taco and really good. 

We ordered the large popcorn chicken (honey soy and Korean bbq flavor), the pork dumplings, the crunch roll with rice and beef and fries. My favorite thing was the honey soy popcorn chicken. That was my favorite sauce, which I'd order again. I also really liked the crunch roll. I've never had anything like it before, especially with rice, so I would give that a try for sure, too!
This place is still awesome.  On a return visit, we got another feast: 10 wings ($11.95) split between Honey Soy Spicy and Sweet Chili Super Spicy sauces, Crunchball ($2.75), French Fries ($4.95), and  Beef Japchae ($8.75).  
Wings: Still great, and I think a better way of experiencing the  chicken than getting the half chicken.  still our favorite Korean Fried Chicken in Philly.  The only downside is that their super spicy sauces have very little kick.  
Fries: Really crunchy and a large portion, but $5 is steep for fries.  That said, I'll still probably get them again =)  
Crunchball:  Still worth trying, but I think I will probably stick to just the wings next time.  Still super crunch and flavorful, but not something I crave to have on multiple visits.
Japchae:  Enormous - we took almost the entire thing to-go.  A good amount of beef in it (it can also be vegetarian) so it is a good value, but it was waaaaay too sweet.  I would recommend skipping this and sticking to the fried chicken, and getting japchae from a more legit korean restaurant like Dae Bak.
Really, really good kfc. Korean BBQ sauce and spicy honey soy were excellent sauces for the wings. They are good sized wings too. I ate seven and was stuffed. We also tried the vegetable bowl. The veggies and japchae were fine, as was the dumpling, but the salsa was weird in the mix and should probably be swapped out with something from a more traditional selection of bibimbap-type toppings. I did appreciate that they emphasized the toppings and reduced the portion of the bowl that was rice. Also had their kimchi which was good and spicy. I loved that during my order pickup, the matron of the restaurant stopped me to ask whether I had had kimchi before, fresh or fermented, and assured me theirs was in between and good for probiotics. It was really sweet. Please give these folks plenty of business!
I got a large spicy tuna bowl, a large beef bowl and a crunch ball for $33. They definitely increased their prices. The spicy tuna bowl was really good and they did give a lot of food. My favorite in the order was the crunch ball. I actually ordered a vegetarian one and they gave me a beef.
This place is NEW in Philly! The food tastes all homemade and with a lot of care. The kimchi french fries are so good and if you see the other pictures it is a pretty accurate description of what you will get. The environment is very friendly as well! Online it says this location is permanently closed but they are OPENED! They are closed on Mondays but opened every other days. This place is a good place to try out for some Korean !!
Got a sample of the popcorn chicken being handed out in the front of the store. That was pretty solid. Then.... It went downhill

Bulgogi beef rice: the japchae had nothing other than the noodles, the beef wasn't very flavorful and somewhat dry

Beef japchae: the meat was ok here and at least the noodles was mixed with veggies but overall very weak. The noodles were not the best.

Probably would not eat here again. If I did, I would order the popcorn chicken as that seemed the best of the food items I tried. At least staff was nice and service was fairly quick but food wise was very weak. At this time, no current inside seating available.
