My friend and I made last minute plans to go to Cuba Libre for happy hour on a weeknight. Honestly, I wasn't planning to make a full meal out of our happy hour outing, but that completely changed after glancing around at the dishes our neighbors at the bar were getting. Everything looked so delicious!

First off, you are required to sit at the bar if you plan to order off of their happy hour menu. Ideally, we would have loved to sit at a table, but the bar ended up being just fine. The bartender was nice and friendly, although the service was pretty slow (more on that later).

We first started off with a glass of red sangria which might have been some of the best sangria I've ever had. It was very fruity and sweet but definitely packed a punch. My original plan was to call it a night after just one drink, but it was so good that I ended up getting a second. My friend got a white sangria for her second round and said the red was far better than the white.

As for food, we indulged in a variety of different small plates including Shrimp Cóctel, Pineapple Guacamole Cubano, a Churrasco Slider, Chicken Croquetas, and a few empanadas. All were really great but my personal favorites were the empanadas and the guacamole! The pulled pork empanada that I had was extremely flavorful, fried to perfection, and served with some kind of dipping sauce that I loved. It was quite filling as well! The guacamole was fresh and had chunks of pineapple which offered a sweet taste to this normally savory dish. They were served with plantain chips which I really enjoyed. The plantain chips weren't nearly as crisp as a tortilla chip would be, but I really liked them nonetheless. The presentation was also superb. 

The small plates are only $5 during happy hour which is an awesome deal. If you want to try a bunch of different things, I would encourage you to get the sampler. The sampler allows you to choose any seven small plates for just $31. That's what we did and it was a really good decision. I left completely stuffed and I was able to make this my dinner for the night!

As for the service, although it started off well, it was on a downward slope as the night went on. As happy hour came to a close, the bartenders became less attentive and we had to flag someone down numerous times for water refills and our check. Our corner of the bar was filled with dirty plates and our first round of empty drinks.

Still, I was very content with my overall happy hour experience. In fact, my friend and I have already talked about returning! The specials were great, the food and drinks were solid, and the prices were very reasonable. Hopefully everything stays up to par next time and maybe there will even be some improvement in service!
Always a fun place to come to wether you're day drinking or coming at night for the dancing. The decor is the best in the area. It really makes you feel like you're in Cuba. There's plenty of seating and the upstairs dining tends to be quieter and more secluded. 

I highly recommend you order their iconic guacamole served with fried plantains instead of tortilla chips. The dish looks wonderful presented and they have one of my favorite guacamole in the city (though they could never go wrong with adding more corn to the recipe). They have a great selection of drinks and different specials depending on the day of the week/ time. 

Service is always phenomenal and no matter how packed the place is I've always had quick and polite servers. 

On weekend they clear away the tables downstairs and there's music and dancing. I highly suggest you come earlier in the night for dinner then stay for dancing and you can avoid the $10 cover charge.
Came here for a family dinner and we were all completely satisfied with what we had eaten. We came during a restaurant week and were seated right away with our reservations. The staff were very friendly and the waiter was quick with taking our orders, bringing our drinks and making sure that we were well taken care of. 

When it came to the food, it was even better than the service! We ended up ordering some plantains which came with guacamole and tasted so fresh! Yum! I ended up getting a chicken meal with rice and black beans with potatoes, it was so tasty. Everyone else at the table were raving about their meals and their drinks. I had ordered a mojito and it tasted so good! My sister and dad got some kind of rum drink and they were talking about how tasty they were, they looked fancy too. 

i would rate this restaurant higher if they didn't seat people so close together, for some reason that is a huge, no-no for me, when you're packed in to a place!
The wife and I visited Cuba LiBRE last night.  It was probably our fourth visit.  We had Open Table reservations and the place was packed.  We showed up early and the very pleasant hostess seated us ten minutes early.  It's worth noting that they appear to have a very sophisticated seating process.

I'm addressing the service before the food because it was exceptional.  Our waitress was Jenna and she was a stunning example of competence combined with a great personality.  It's not often that I make a note to remember the name of specific wait staff.  I'll remember Jenna and ask for her when we return.

Now for the food.  We began with a trio of "small tasting plates" for $15.  Delicious!  The guacamole is made with pineapple and is fantastic.  For entrees the wife had Suntanned Salmon and I had Vaca Frito.  Both were memorable and the portions were just right.  We were too stuffed for desert.

No review of Cuba LiBRE would be complete without mentioning the libations.  Your choices are extensive.  The accolades for the Mojitos are well deserved.  There are also rum flights and a lengthy list of sophisticated mixed drinks.
  
Assuming you have a drink or two, a meal for you and your SO is going to run around $100.  It's well worth it!
The Mister made reservations here to celebrate our Anniversary. Even though he dialed them at the very last minute to change our arrival time, they were happy to accommodate us with no issues. Especially with limited indoor seatings due to the ongoing Covid restrictions. 

Our temperatures were taken at the entrance and we were lead to the 2nd level dining. It was nice that they reserved a booth us. I don't know why I expected the place to be much bigger, but anyways I loved the ambiance. All the staff were incredibly nice and attentive.

Complimentary bread with mango butter. Appetizers we settled for the Chino Wings & Beef Empanadas. Entrees we got the Ropa Vieja, Churrasco a la Cubana, & a Cuban sandwich. Everything was delicious. My grilled skirt steak was cooked perfect and tasty. I noticed they used a lot of watercress as a base for salads and garnishing. Which didn't bothered me too much. To end the experience, we sipped on our cocktails and shared a flan. 

Would love to return to try out other dishes and for brunch!
Tell me, have you ever dreamed of dancing in Havana? 
Well, look no further because, at Cuba Libre, you will be dancing ( rumba, meringues, salsa & merengue) side-by-side with Professional Latin dancers. Every Fridays and Saturdays, so mark your calendar. 

For a taste of the forbiden island, you might want to give this (celebration of flavor and comfort) a try. 
- Try the Del Mar rapid ( seafood Soup, shrimp ceviche and MahiMahi fillet.) This trios will take your lunch up a notch. $14.75
- Also, you can't beat the highly flavorful Cuban bento box. the selection is changed weekly and cost $16.5
- Any mojito will be a very GOOD accompaniment to any meal. Or better yet, alone, if you'd like. Tell me, again, why you shouldn't have another one anytime you want?

Three and half Yelps.
I've quenched my thirst at Cuba Libre more than I can count, and I've never been disappointed. I had my very first Pisco Sour here, and I've sampled all three of their Sangrias - red, white, and rose. (The white is my personal favorite - super refreshing!) I can't say enough about the mojitos - must try.

Their happy hour is a great value. Many happy hours in Olde City end at 6pm, but Cuba Libre's ends at 6:30pm. Believe it or not, that extra 30 minutes is a game changer. When the weather is nice, the downstairs bar opens to the fresh air, and it's a great place to people watch and sip a drink. The upstairs bar is cozy at night, but it can fill up quickly on the weekends. 

I can't speak for their food, but I'm hoping to get back here eventually to get my nom on.
Cuba Libre is an amusing place for a meal and fun for late-night salsa dancing and drinking. They're right in Old City, on 2nd Street between Market and Chestnut. (Their other location is in Atlantic City.) Their attractive, naturally-sky lit interior resembles an outdoor eatery. Each floor helpfully has a bar, saving you a walk if you get thirsty. I'm told their signature mojito is worth it, but since I'm not a fan of mojitos, I had a chocolate cake shot instead which was a hoot! (UPDATE: Returned again for drinks and we had a kickass bartender - Alban - who made us chocolate cake shots, and something with five types of Stoli and sugar cane juice - good times.)

Cuba Libre serves Cuban cuisine and is open for lunch, brunch, and dinner. Their menu has a bevy of traditional and creatively re-imagined appetizers, soups, salads, and entrees, including hot sandwiches. (There's even a glossary of culinary terms on the back for those unfamiliar to Cuban terms.)

I lunched here awhile ago, but for a weekday bite, it's too long - we were there for TWO hours! My favorite appetizer is the chicharrones de la casa ($9): crisp marinated chicken, skirt steak, pork masitas, chorizo (pork sausage with garlic and paprika) and a jalapeno pepper, tossed in a spicy mojo picante. We requested the optional hotttttt Habanero! For an entree, I had the "spicy" guava rib sandwich ($11), with shredded guava BBQ rib meat, Criollo slaw, in a toasted brioche roll. Chips and salsa came on the side. Not bad, but a little plainer than I would have liked. I've also had their ribs (they stuck to the bone) with a flavorful sauce. I happily requested a couple of Habaneros (remembering the chicharrones, above) and our server obliged.

For dinner, I remember their Honduran-style Fire and Ice Ceviche the most vividly: when you combine sushi grade tuna, coconut milk, jalapeno and ginger sauce with a red onion escabeche you get a MESS of textures, cold temperatures, warm foods, and hot flavors!

Last I checked, there's no cover for the late-night activities. Join in and dance, if you know how, and if you don't, there usually are folks willing to teach. Try to catch a basic lesson first - don't know if Cuba Libre offers any, but Brasils should, right down the street. Recommended.
I went to Cuba Libre after just returning from an un-sanctioned visit to the country of Cuba. Me, Don Norberto and Ibel, a Cuban national took a men's only vacation to take a look at some business prospects that never panned out. 
We were in Cuba for 10 days and upon returning, we had dinner at Cuba Libre. (which also means rum and coke) The spot is nicely decorated and the atmoshere is electric. We sat down, the 3 of us at the bar before sitting down to dinner. We all ordered Mojitos and they were strong but a little sweet. 
There were some pretty good Salsa dancers out on the floor so our entertainment was covered. I struck up a conversation with the Bartender, and after hearing we'd just returned from Cuba, she introduced me to the owner, a nice gentleman named Larry. 
Larry asked us about the food in Cuba and we told him about our dining experiences while there. 
Larry became excited and said that he had a employee from Cuba working there that night. We were pumped about meeting a Chef or Cook that was from Cuba and knew how to create their home dishes. He introduced Armando to us and he was a like able guy but alas, he was just a janitor. 
I could see the disappointment on Ibel's face upon learning that the only Cuban in Cuba Libre mopped up the joint. 
We sat down for dinner and we were all immediately puzzled by the menu. Sadly, 90% of the food selections were not Cuban. It reminded me of Cuba meets Disneyland. 
Each of us ordered an appetizer and another Mojito and left. 
We went to Ibel's house where his wife cooked up some Arroz Con Pollo (with olives!) and we sat there all night talking about our magical vacation and how hard it is to recreate that feeling elsewhere.
To be honest, I almost gave it one star as it better fit the description of "Eek! Methinks not" than "Meh. I've experienced better" but I didn't feel right about giving Cuba Libre a single star, it probably deserves more like 1.5, so I rounded up. 

I also need to preface the following review by saying that I went for Restaurant Week brunch. Now I know that they are not primarily a brunch spot and I know the argument that Restaurant Week is not fitting for a review of an establishment but I personally disagree with both arguments. If you can't do brunch well, don't offer it and if you plan on half-assing Restaurant Week, don't participate - those are the restaurants decisions and so my review is based on the experience that Cuba Libre offered me. 

The specialty brunch menu appeared really wonderful online and so I was really excited to try this new take on Restaurant Week. My friend and I started with two cups of coffee. The coffee was watery and hugely disappointing. I see from past reviews this is a common problem here. 

For the starter we both ordered the Chicharrones de Pollo. The entire dish was extremely heavy and greasy and covered in some sort of thick "sauce". The chicken was not the most appetizing and I found it to be lower grade chicken than I tend to eat. Both of us took a few bites and then let the rest be taken away. 

Our entrees were different but both were disappointing. I ordered the Huevos en Cazuela which is described as a "casserole of eggs, olive oil smashed potatoes, chorizo sausage, Monterey Jack cheese and roasted tomato chipotle salsa". The dollop of roasted tomato chipotle salsa on the top was the only highlight and it wasn't much to write home about. The rest of the dish can better be described as overly cooked to the point of two glassy and hardened eggs (which I had to fold off they were so hard and disgusting), small spam like meat substances with one or two chorizo pieces thrown in and a burnt bottom and strange smell in a 2x4 inch casserole dish. My friend went with the Miami Frita (aka Cuban burger). She said the meat was OK but the rest of the dish was disappointing. 

We both ended the meal with the churro's. I found them to also be very greasy and heavy (and not in the way you would obviously expect but in a twice fried and left on the counter kind of way) and I didn't love the thin sour chocolate that accompanied the dish (but this could be personal preference). 

In the end, I came to a restaurant for extremely sub-par food and will never return again. Oh and I should probably mention that the service was pretty mediocre. Maybe they did deserve one star...
It would be nice to be able to do a split screen review of Cuba Libra-past and present. 

When I was frequenting this place for brunch in 2015-2016, it was hands down one of my favorite restaurants. The decor is a tad hokey-whimsical in a Disneyland-ish impression of Cuba.  Mojitos are one of my favorite hot weather drinks. The ones here never disappointed. While fruity tropical drinks never appealed, Cuba Libre's classic mojito was always superb. Even the ones with mango or other exotic fruit additions (sampled when dining companions ordered one) were done with a light hand that showcased the rum with any fruit as a subtle complement to it. 

In those days (6 years ago), the restaurant offered several different brunch variations. My favorite was the prix fixe one ($25) that consisted of a choice of numerous small plates, one being a variety basket of Cuban sweet rolls as a starter. Diners could also select ceviche, a pineapple guacamole with plaintain chips, chicken or beef empanadas, yucca fries, several egg dishes and some other things that I no longer recall. I left the restauarant on many Saturdays or Sundays, quite buzzed (those mojitos sneak up on you) and well fed, to walk off my excesses around Penn's Landing or the historical sites in the neighborhood.

Happy hours here were enjoyable for the same reasons as above. Excellent, strong drinks with good prices and extremely tasty bar bites-patatas, shrimp coctel, spinach and cheese bunuelos, tostones and dip. The crowd was always lively, the service was fast and pleasant and it was never too difficult to get a seat at the bar or the covered outside area. 

The last time I was here (pre-pandemic) was for a Friday lunch, which I believe is no longer being served. I was dining with a person who was so picky, I always wondered why she even chose to eat out. I ordered a classic mojito, a cup of the Levanta Muerta seafood soup and tuna ceviche. Unfortunately, instead of the seafood soup, I was served black bean soup. While I like it, it wasn't what I'd ordered. Since I've been a server, I opted not to make a fuss but quietly let the busser know that the order was incorrect. He sent the manager to our table. I told her politely that I believed there was a mix up in the kitchen and repeated my choice of soup. She was very apologetic and kindly offered to bring the correct soup at no charge. I told her that wasn't necessary as no harm was done. A few minutes later, I heard raised voices, then yelling in the kitchen, followed by a lot of commotion. My persnickety dining companion had not yet been served her burger so she chastised me loudly and bitterly for not eating what I was served. I asked her what she would do if she was served a plate of collards when she ordered waffles so she zipped her lip. For the moment. 

And then we waited for a long, long time.

The soup, when it at last came out, was brilliant. Rather than a cup, I was given a big bowl brimming with a rich coconut milk broth loaded with shrimp, mussels, crabmeat and scallops garnished with truffle oil. I was also served a large basket of warm bollilo cubano-Cuban dinner rolls, clearly fresh from the oven. A few minutes later, the manager stopped by to see if I was satisfied with my order. I said it was divine and I thanked her for the hefty serving and the rolls but said I was still waiting for my ceviche. As she started to walk away, L., my lunch mate, grabbed the manager's arm and demanded to know where her burger and fries were. The manager looked both confused and alarmed by the physicality and said she would check. Suddenly more shouting erupted from the kitchen, followed by crockery being broken and what sounded like pans falling or being thrown. A server neither of us had seen before placed another bowl of seafood soup-the Levanta Muerta-in front of my lunch companion and rushed away. L. started screaming that she couldn't eat anything in the soup, then stood up and started waving her serviette like a flag as she yelled for 'Mrs. Manager.' I pleaded with her to sit down and start acting like an adult. She threw her napkin at me and walked out. 

The bartender ran over to my table and said there was no charge for lunch and asked if I wanted another mojito, also gratis. At this point, all I wanted to do was eat my soup, enjoy a few rolls before they got cold and have some peace. I thanked him, accepted the drink offer and asked if the other serving of soup could be put in a to go container. It was. I then ate, drank and kept an eye out for the long suffering manager. 

I finished my lunch and approached the bartender. I apologized for my companion's behavior. He said not to worry and he hoped I would be back again. I gave him a generous tip and asked if I could speak with the manager to tip her and also to apologize. He hesitated, then said she, the cook, the busser and 2 servers had walked out 20 minutes ago, but if she came back, he would pass my message along. 
 
The end.
OK, so... in celebration of Fidel Castro's resignation, Cuba Libre is offering a free Cuba Libre cocktail with every entree... Who could pass that up, right? Perfect excuse to go out to dinner. lol

Well, I like to drink. However, I don't like to drink at Cuba Libre. lol If it weren't for that, I would definitely have rated this place a 5.

Last night was my first time visiting. I had a dinner reservation with two friends.

The place is beautiful, the food is delicious, the waitress was nice, the drinks/drink service SUCKED.

One of my friends ordered a Malibu and Pineapple... Although we could clearly see the bottle of Malibu sitting on the display wall behind the bar, the bartender went to the far end of the bar and after glancing over her shoulder to see if we were looking - I have mastered the art of pretending I'm not watching my bartender - poured her a Bacardi Coco and pineapple... She didn't really care, so I didn't complain, but (as I'm learning) I'm one of those people who asks for very specific things and gets annoyed when those requests aren't honored. I don't mind being told that they don't have Malibu... But don't tell me ok, then sneak me something else. *ugh*

Between the three of us, we ended up ordering the Plato Guevara (which is made for two people), and the "15 Tastes of Cuba" for the third person.

That food was so delicious and there was so MUCH!!! Wow. There were two types of steak (strip - my favorite thing on the table - and skirt), jumbo shrimp (can I get an order of those to go!), chicken breasts (well-seasoned, but a tad dry) and chorizos (pork sausages, but I don't eat pork) on the Plato Guevara, and the 15 Tastes of Cuba came with like 5 different entrees, including the most delicious salmon I have ever tasted! The spinach that came w/the 15 Tastes was so good we actually commented on it. lol

The only thing none of us cared for were the way too sweet maduros (fried ripened plantains)...

Oh, wait, I'm lying... lol. The other thing no one cared for was the free Cuba Libre cocktail. lol. It is house brand rum, fresh lime juice and coke... WAY too much fresh lime juice.

All three of us are two binges away from needing new livers and all three of us left half-full glasses on the table. lol
Eh, I personally just think this place is "a-ok". I came on a Sunday night and we were told that a party had just bought out the downstairs area so everyone was requested to sit on the second floor which was not a problem. 

The restaurant (being Cuban) has a very authentic Cuban vibe to it. From the colors of the place to the paintings and so on. 

The food was okay. I wasn't that hungry but I did go with the Churrasco a la Cubana. It was okay. Not great but not horrible either. 

The thing with this place is that nothing actually stuck out to me. It was just simply okay and nothing was over the top. And  I do think that I have had better Cuban food closer to home. Definitely not a bad place to visit but I don't know if I would necessarily be back.

A big part of my low review is def because I don't think you " get what you pay for here".
I came here for the nightlife. Such a awesome night. $10 cover and def worth it. The mojitos were the best. Wonderful night of salsa music and glow in the dark pool noodles. They have 2 floors of dancing and 2 bars. The drinks were yummy. Great night with great friends.
There was even live dancers on the first floor. So much fun. Can't wait to go back for the food. They have a no sneaker rule so check the dress code before you go.
Ive only been here twice so far. One for my birthday dinner and once for a happy hour.
For my Birthday, it was a nice escape on a cold December night. The food was really delicious and the mojitos were amazing! I would steer away from the white sangria (kind of watered down, little fruit). Portions were nice; I didn't even finish my entire meal.
For the happy hour, I was pleasantly surprised with the prices. You have the option of 4 drinks for $4, plus an assortment of apps for reduced prices. We sat at the bar and the bartender was witty and attentive. 
This is a very lively place so it's great for groups. However, on weekends it does get loud so be prepared for that; it just adds to the experience. If you're ever in the mood for something different, Friday nights are Salsa dancing nights.
So. This is my second time eating here... It's been a while. Anyway, the food was really effin' good. I can't complain about my baked Juevos and Chorizo thinger at all. The portion was good; it was piping hot and had a ton of flavour. My girlfriend though... The portions she received were just comical. She got the Juevos Benedict on a crab cake. They came out on small cookie sized crab cakes. Seriously, it was like 5 bites.

On to the drinks. Coffee was great. The Cuban Mary was nice and spicy but weak in terms of booze. And 8 bucks is a lot to ask for a bloody mary that comes in such a small cup. Then again, I didn't come here thinking it was going to be a bargain.

Dessert. Yeah, we got dessert at brunch. So what of it?
We had the bread pudding topped with hazelnut crunches, whipped cream, and this awesome fruit (maybe apricots?)

The staff kinda sucked. She forgot to bring us their signature bread and mango butter. Also, I felt like we were profiled from the time we walked in. Maybe it was the t-shirt I had on. Who knows?

4 stars for the food, 3 stars for the service, and 2 stars for the value (price to portion index)

Overall: 3 stars. And I would certainly come back.
The people who work here have no business serving any body, not even incarcerated prisoners. 

First off, I had to wait about 10 minutes for the host to stop babbling on the phone to get seated. He didn't seem to know / care that we were there. Then, after requiring my wife, kid and I to purchase an entree (instead of appetizers) in order to sit outside --even though it was 3pm and dead empty-- they messed up the order. 

We asked for a salad with no cheese which had cheese. After telling the server of this, he told us "well, you already started eating it" and said he didn't want to bother the cook to fix the order. Plus the prices weren't cheap, so the service and the food shouldn't have both been a hassle. Jerks.
Thank you Cuba libre for taking a Southwest Philly girl to Havana Cuba! It was like I closed my eyes, woke up and I was in a different part of the world! Being the free spirited chica that I am. I thoroughly enjoyed trying out Cuban food and dancing the night away to the wonderful Spanish music!

I knew I was in for a treat when I decided to go to Cuba libre for my bday celebration cause I love love love Spanish music. I came here on a cold Saturday night with friends. The staff was very friendly and it didn't take long for us to be seated once all my friends arrived. 

The first thing I noticed was the beautiful décor and ambiance of the trees on the wall, the large ceiling fans that swayed slowly in the air and the colorful furniture. Our waiter was friendly and I decided to order the guava BBQ ribs, just delicious, it was falling off the bone good and that pickled pineapple glaze offered the perfect blend of sweet and savory. I also got the Yucca fries which was crispy and good. I'm not sure of the name of my friends dishes but it was chicken and they both thought it was good. Oh and I can't forget the complimentary bread that came with a mango butter spread that was yummy we all thought it taste like French toast, overall we were all very pleased and full.

Next we noticed the colorful lights flashing and low and behold it was time for the magic to begin! and to burn off those calories we just ate and trust me you will burn calories from all the dancing cause the dj was on point, that place was lit! The dj played all the latest and greatest Latin music he also blended it with hip! hop boy we was jamming all the way until 3:00 in the morning!

Do I recommend Cuba libre of course!! If you want to have some good food and good fun plus burn some calories due to all the dancing in a non ratchet environment this is the place to be. I will definitely return!
If the Epcot Pavilion in Disney had a Cuba section, it would look exactly like Cuba LIbre.  I personally don't think enough places commit to their theme as heavily as Cuba Libre, its beautiful and charming and an all in all great ambiance.  The service is great, very friendly and very knowledgeable. 
Without the service and ambiance this place would get 3 stars though.  The food was OK (though decidedly better than Rosa Blanca the other cuban restaurant I've frequented in Philly).  
The special of the day - lobster empanandas - were amazing, the best thing of the night actually, if they are on the menu get them.  We shared the chefs tasting and another entree.  With the tasting menu you get tons of food, way too much for one person, so if you all want it I'd suggest sharing and adding a few more things!  They really dont skimp on it.  The appetizers are the best part of the meal - the spinach balls with goat cheese were amazing, as was the fried chicken.  The bread and mango butter tastes like a dessert and I couldn't really eat more than bite.  The dips are alright, I'm not a huge fan of the sweet guac and the salsa lacked a lot of flavor and had no spice.  As for the entrees the skirt steak IS amazing, but the mahimahi had a strange texture and the pulled pork was very dry.  We also shared the Vaca Frita which was the hit of the night - it was fall apart tender and tasted like short ribs! 
I'd like to go back and try some other items - I don't think the tasting menu is actually the way to go with this one. 
All in all a fun restaurant and good experience, and the food is hit or miss, choose the plates that you want and skip the tasting menu.
3.5 stars is probably more accurate - but I am rounding up to 4 because my husband enjoyed it (he says it's better than Alma de Cuba - I disagree) and they were very accomodating to our 7 year old on a bustling Friday night.

Alma de Cuba is also great for its bar and party vibe.  My $9 Classic Mojito was perfect - not too strong (but if you like a strong drink you might not agree).

Vaca Frita, Ropa Vieja, Maduros, Chicken Empanada (a little small) and Classic Bean Beans & Rice were all they way "they are supposed to be".  Excellent Food, a bit high priced for cuban.

Better than Mixto, not quite as good (nor as pricey/trendy/hoity-toity) as Alma de Cuba (IMHO).

Go and enjoy.

Ryan - our server was cordial and attentive.  A great guy!

Many thanks to Alma de Cuba for participating in Friends Select School's Dining with Friends program.  We hope many people will come here!
NIGHTLIFE REVIEW -------

I always have a ton of fun when I'm here! Me encantaaa Spanish music and am convinced I'm half Latina..so this place takes me back to Costa Rica or something (I'd say Cuba...but ya know, political tensions, can't fly there)  

*The music is like 90% Spanish. This includes Pitbull and JLo and other more mainstream music. But a lot of it might not be recognizable unless you listen to that kinda stuff. But its all SUPER fun to dance to. 

*Mojitos are yummm. What other going out bar can you get fresh mojitos at for well-drink prices? 

*No cover, there can be a line and sometimes it's supperr packed in there, so they let people in one by one. Super packed=slow ass service=slow ass lines for the bano.

I love this bar in the summers when you can throw on a sexy flowy skirt and dance the night away.
Ok. I'll begin with a disclaimer and an anecdote. I'm Cuban. I know my Cuban food quite well. And Cuba Libre reminds me of that famous exchange between Lloyd Bentsen and Dan Quayle in the Vice Presidential debates (paraphrasing).  I'm Cuban.  I know Cuban.  Cuban food is a friend of mine... You're no Cuban.

You're probably wondering then how I gave it four stars.  Because for Cuban infusion food, it is pretty good.  Actually very good.  We had superb service.  And when we told them  we had a hard time at the Arden Theatre, they did more than their best to make sure we both, had a great time, and got out of there on time.  Yes, that's worth the four.

As to the food.  Way too spicy for Cuban food.  The chef takes a Cuban-based dish and sort of "Mexicanizes" it, rendering it to the expectations of the non-Latino to what Latino food is perceived to be.  Cuban food is well condimented, yes.  Lots of bay leaf, comino, Bijol, garlic and oregano.  But NEVER spicy.  You'd be run out of town in Cuba for serving a spicy or "picante" dish, or made to serve in a labor camp for an indeterminate amount of time.  Cubans do not eat picante.  Period.  So the Poetic License on Cuban food is a bummer, even though gringos think they're eating  Cuban food.  Not so.

For my umpteenth visit to Cuba Libre, there has been progress through the years.  Our Open Table reservations were honored on the spot.  The non-Cuban bread with the mango-infused butter was American-good.  Our appetizers consisted of Malanga fritters which tasted more like taro.  No, malanga may be in the family of taro but it is NOT taro.  Still it was a good substitution.  Then we had the empanadas, that although spicy picante were quite tasty.  Our main courses consisted of a tasty sea bass for my partner, and this one was actually non-picante, simply mouth-watering delicious, and I had the Puerco Asado, which although takes liberties with the condimento of genuine Cuban cuisine, it nonetheless was slow-roasted soft and also succulent.  And of course, side dishes of arroz blanco and black bean soup.  Dessert included a shared pudín de pan that also was Cuban-infused, as it was a banana-bread pudding with chocolate.  And their espresso was outstanding.  We washed it down with a Rioja wine, which totally complemented the savory faire.  And we left there with plenty of time to make it to the Arden.  

Great evening. Cuba Libre has made great improvements.  And for a Cuban-style or infused restaurant, it is very good.  But don't go in there thinking you're getting genuine Cuban food.  You're not.
Due to lack of things to do, I've really dug deep to finish these drafts of venues that aren't just in another city from the past, but also places that don't even exist anymore...However in this case, I'm happy to say:

Wow, Cuba Libre still stands! 

Here is where I had my very first mojito. Living in suburbia, I was exposed to zero culture (and food), and ventured into town as much as I could. This was a happening place when it first opened, and I remember we were lucky to snag a table for our party of 6. 

Since I still ate chicken, I remember I had something with that (looking at the menu now, it might have been some variation of arroz con pollo) and everyone had a mojito...except me.* I did have a sip of someone's, and I remember my favorite part was the mint and sugar cane. These came in tall cylinder glasses which they appear to still have. In more recent photos, I don't see the sugar cane stick, unless it's hiding in the glass. 

The decor was the typical Old Havana style, which for Philadelphia was amazing since it wasn't about a light show or modern decor with leather banquettes. Here, everything just seemed to work which made this a hotspot early on. Looks as though it's still doing well. 

*I was driving this evening, but was able to return to enjoy my own on a future visit.
This was my 3rd time eating here and the previous meals were pretty good so I was hoping for another good meal.

There was a group of 8 of us for a bachelorette party and we had reservations for 8pm. The place was PACKED and there was a wedding going on upstairs. Luckily we were seated promptly, even though we were in no rush at all. The waiter took our drink order and disappeared for almost 15 minutes. He finally came back and took our food order and once again disappeared for 15+ minutes. Yeah I know it was busy but to not come back to our table to check on us with regards to beverages=not good. He came back with our bread baskets which we attacked because we were all starving. Mango/cinnamon butter= deliciousness. After that our appetizer came out which was extremely small for $15. A shame too because the guacamole and plantain chips are to die for.

Our entrees came out and surprisingly everyone at the table ordered something different!! I chose the pulled pork which was served with mashed yuca (I love yuca) and slaw topped with chiccarones. I am such a pork girl it's not even funny so of course I devoured my entire plate. Everyone else really enjoyed their meal as well, however we couldn't find the waiter to order more drinks. Review down to 3 stars. 

A girl in our party told the manager about our non-existent waiter and he remedied the situation with a free bottle of champagne topped with a sparkler for our table! After he served us the champagne he personally kept checking on us every so often to see how we were doing. He also threw in a shot for the bachelorette! Review back to 4 stars.

All in all it was a good experience, food was tasty and the service issue was remedied. We all had a great time!
This restaurant was highly recommended to me, but I was very disappointed.  The prices are quite high, and while that in itself is not a problem, the food was mediocre.  I've had Cuban food before in Florida, and I had high expectations.  From that experience, I remember amazing seafood dishes and even rice (yes, rice) that was spectacular (so buttery and salty..).  I was hoping for more of the same, or at least something to match the praise, but I was sorely disappointed.  Every single dish was remarkably bland.  In fact, we had to ask for hot sauce (something I never do) in order to give the food some flavor at all.  They gave us some Sriracha (a Thai hot sauce, which was confusing as well), and that helped a bit.  Overall, we were not happy with the experience.  At $40+ a head for dinner and one drink, I had hoped for a meal that would be somewhat better than Applebee's on a bad night.
Incredible flavor to these dishes. Excellent Maduros and I enjoyed our servers recommendation to add avocado to place on top of one of our main dishes (I believe it was the asado). They have an extensive drink menu too.
What an odd experience from start to finish. Told at door by two giants with earpieces that they were booked for the night. Ok... then third guy suddenly says a table has opened up and we are escorted to a prime window location, past a half empty resto. By a very pretty hostess who managed to tell us her entire divorce story by the time we'd reached the table... and sat there awkwardly listening for 5min. Ok...

We got the guacamole, maduros, the "ceviche" mixto, and the pastrami egg rolls. The guacamole was ok, sweet and spicy, served with plantain crisps. The maduros were nice as well, pretty straightforward. The ceviche though was not. As in it was a tiny coconut, the size of a lady's fist filled with chewy seafood bits that appeared to have been boiled or something. And the pastrami egg rolls were ok with every third bite a sinus clearing mustard spice. Nothing was really good and definitely not worth the price. 

Servers tried to take our plates like 100x maybe two seconds after we'd lifted our forks. I'd pass. We had been trying to find Lucha Libre and stumbled in here instead. Don't make our mistake!
Scene and hype, yes.  Delivery, eh.  There are places nearby and near enough that I'd go to before here.  If you want to see and be seen, why not.  Otherwise, it's alright.  Not great, not horrible.  2.5 stars.
This food is so delicious, it should be enjoyed by everyone . If the menu seems to be a little out of your price range, I suggest you do what my mother and I did to make the most of our Cuba Libre experience....

Go together on a slow night (we went on a Wednesday and arrived around 6:45pm) and ask your server if he/she might allow you to SPLIT the 15 Tastes of Cuba dish. If you're not familiar with 15 Tastes of Cuba, it's a 15-course sampling including 4 appetizers, 3 main courses, 4 side dishes, 3 desserts, and the INFINITELY DELECTABLE toasted bread with mango butter (which by the way is bottomless, so ask for more!!). 

Supposedly, the 15 Tastes of Cuba is $39 per person, but it contains quite enough food to satisfy the cravings of two adults (if you don't mind the imposed intimacy of-for instance-splitting one Guava BBQ Rib (you only get one...) or a silver-dollar sized cup of flan with your dinner date. Further, the sampler allows you to taste all of the things you might have thought of ordering so that next time you come (you'll want to come back, trust me!) you'll have a better idea of what might satisfy your Cuban cravings. 

Beyond the Tastes of Cuba dish, the restaurant definitely puts out. Our server was extremely professional and prompt in clearing our dishes, bringing out new silverware, and even twirling up my mother's cloth napkin that had fallen on her chair when she excused herself to go to the restroom and setting it back on the table. Also, the learning experience was quite delightful. All staff seemed eager to explain to us what tastes comprised each dish (it gets confusing when you've got 15 tiny meals, each with its own special side-meal or succulent garnish of some sort). 

The ambience of the restaurant is unbeatable- wicker chairs, wrought iron mezzanines, dramatic lighting. Even the dishes themselves are served with cut palm leaves underneath to keep them from sliding around on their underliners, and the check is presented in an authentic cedar cigar box (the provenance of which is actually the Dominican Republic, but this anachronism is easily overlooked :))

Perfect for a birthday dinner or another engagement where price isn't much of an issue (though they do have reasonable options). Cinco Estrellas !!
I finally got to eat at Cuba Libre, and during Restaurant week to boot!

My time there was very positive. Despite the usual expensive parking-$14 valet, $22 for the lot across the street, an overall great experience! Went with a large group of friends, however got there a little early and they would not seat till the whole party was present. No problem, grabbed a seat at the bar and started working my way through a few glasses of Red Sangria, which ended up being a pitcher among 3 ($36/pitcher). When we finally got seated, we had a great waiter named Carl, who was attentive and did a great job in informing us about the special menus (it being restaurant week and everything) and visiting regularly to clear plates, refill water, and ask if he could help us in any way. I actually ordered off the regular menu, and was very pleased with my entree. The mahi was a generous size and cut, and  the rice with squid ink and squid was really heavenly ($22.5). I've been craving it since having Spanish Tapas in NYC at Tia Pol last weekend and am so happy that I've found a similar dish at this Cuban dig downtown. I've posted ample pictures of the samplings from this year's restaurant week 2011 collected from various people in my party, and of course all the shared apps and deserts.

After trying bits of everyone's food, I am happy to say everything tasted great and I absolutely recommend this as a place to eat out and enjoy music. A little pricey, yes, but tasty? Si!
Oh My! and I don't even dance!

Not reviewing this place on the food, I did not have any, not yet at least.

First of all, I have never been anywhere like this, i just loved loved loved the decor, all the yellow and the green and everything it had to offer. It was't even my style but boy did I dig this place. It was my date's birthday and we went there after grabbing sushi at Vics [duh] and we got a Mango Mojito to start with. 

Ok so Mr. Bartender, where is the alchohol in all of this? It was 9$ + tips for one Mojito? Both of us felt like we were drinking some fancy juice that you cannot find anywhere else. Don't get me wrong it was delicious, just not a Mojito... Upon complaining he gave me more lime juice? Errr. Bad Bartender, very bad. We tipped heavy thinking maybe the next drink would be better? We got a Long Island. Nope. Nothing. Oh well. 

By then, everyone was on the dance floor, and my date took me downstairs to dance. It was all fun and exciting for me! Neither one of us really know how to dance but we made a complete fool of ourselves and had a grand time anyways! 

5 stars to the dance and decor, 2 to the bartender :[ Sorray!
I want it very clear for the record.  I am not a fan of Mojitos, UNTIL I came to Cuba Libre.  The drinks themselves look like works of art.  Everyone was drinking them, and it is one of their specialties so I said why not and ordered one since believe it or not, you aren't supposed to ask a stranger if you can taste their Mojito.  Crazy.

I am so glad I ordered a Mojito.  It was insane!  Liquid ecstasy.  One quickly turned into two, before I went to my next spot.  They are super tangy and not overly minty, which is why I tend not to like them.  I still will not order them, but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE MOJITOS even to those who don't like them.  If you love limey or tart drinks this is on point.  I'm still blown away.  I wish I could have stayed here longer and drink myself sloppy on them.

In terms of ambiance, the bar is cute and dark.  It got packed very quickly. I loved the honesty of the bartender who criticized customers who ordered flavored Mojitos.  He doesn't recommend them at all.  My kind of man!  And I got to see true Philadelphia mafia men with their big bulky body guards and "interesting" looking women.  Good times.
Circumstances beyond my control, I keep coming here. Despite the fact I'm really not a big fan of the food, happy hours, entertainment, or the service. So lets start a list:
Food:
A-Ok of 3 stars is a bit high in my opinion, as the food is generally stale. Or for the most part doesn't have the zing that true Cuban dishes have. Now I've never been to Cuba itself, but I would say Miami is close enough. This place doesn't have that.

Happy Hours:
This is ok, as I like their Mojito. Granted I never met a Mojito I didn't like, but I am a total drinking snob. I believe that no good alcohol should ever be mixed, ice should not go beyond 1/5th of the glass, and should be sipped not shotted. However, their Mojito is what got me in to Mojitos. So good for it here!

Entertainment:
The decor in this place is beautiful, and with a lower level open patio out in to Olde City, its probably the only classy place for salsa in Philadelphia. The upstairs is great too but its for everyone whose afraid to dance, but want to watch people dance. While there is a hidden room for hip-hop and pop music on the left as you go up the stairs. Each place with their own bar. 

Service:
Ok this is the 1 star part, their service is absolutely horrible. I usually don't complain about service, but this place is just absolutely horrid. Though through no fault of the wait staff but mis-management of the resources. All restaurants know that with a price range, dining style, and set up like Cuba Libre you need to maintain a certain Staff-to-Customer ratio. Instead this place decides to do something completely ridiculous and minimize the staff as much as possible for some reason. It takes 15 minutes to get a drink from the bar, while the poor bartender is running around like roadrunner. The waitress has to run up and down stairs with appetizers, snacks, drinks, entrees, while navigating through the bar crowd. Finally the layout is horrible as the nicest seats in the house in the back and upstairs is also the same location where a line of people squirming around and holding on for dear life not to pee in their pants are lined up.
I would rate this place 3.5 stars.

Came here for lunch and I gotta say that the mojitos are soo good but way too strong for me (I can't handle anything, my husband had it).  They make them with pure sugar cane juice which makes them extra good, but they don't come cheap. I think it was about $13 for the mojito. 

We started off with the fire and ice ceviche which was good but really tiny.  It was quite expensive as well. I think about $15. Not worth the price.

I ordered the Plato Miramar salad which was: house smoked tuna, mojito-cured salmon, smoked duck breast, Serrano ham, queso blanco, sweet grape tomatoes, caper berries and marinated asparagus. Watercress and romaine salad, Spanish sherry vinaigrette.  This salad was good but a bit too salty because of all the meats and the caper berries. 

My husband ordered the good ole EL Cubano sandwich. The sandwich was delicious. After having a few bites of this, I wish I had ordered this instead. Kinda pricey at $12 though.

Over all the service was excellent, the food was good, but nothing too exciting, and kinda over priced.
So very overpriced.  Food has flair but that's about it.  My drink needs more booze.

Staff was super fast at being slow.  How many empanadas will it take to fill Daddy's belly?  More than I'm willing to pay you for.

Adios, hermano.
One of our absolute favorites!  Love the inside...it is beautiful.  Great atmosphere for a Cuban restaurant.  Service is always consistent good and the menu is excellent.  We have been there for breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner and love every menu.  You can sit outside when the weather is nicer and they have decent size bar as well.
I would give them ZERO(0) stars if I could. They refused to let my two gay friends in because they were wearing fresh pair of sneakers (limited edition) along with designer clothes. It is important to note that this was after our other female friend was let in with sneakers. The bouncer informed us they were looking for a "specific look." I have reason to believe his excuse is because we are gay and people of color. The bouncer then proceeded to say that Philly is in the top 5 cities in the US and their policy is the same as New York, and he knew because he has "family there."  I proceeded to tell them that I am from New York and nice sneakers are allowed. Additionally, my other friend is from Las Vegas and would be allowed with those shoes if he was in Vegas. While we respect a dress code if necessary, this dress code is unfairly enforced and seems to be homophobic and racist.
Pros:

1. Gorgeous tropical interior
2. Good mix of Latin music
3. No cover
4. Parking available across the street
5. Mixed young crowd (20s-30s)

Cons:

1. Measured Drinks (aka lacking alcohol)
2. Pricey drinks (mixed drinks $12 - $15)
3. Gets really crowded, no room for fancy salsa spinning
4. Only 1 unisex bathroom in the whole place

Because it's between here and Brasilles a block away for good Latin dancing, I come here often. Brasilles has more serious dancing, but zero ambiance. So what do you do? Go next door to that karaoke bar, get dirt cheap drinks (or 2 jager bombs in a row like I do), pee, and come back in FOR FREE to dance. Plus this is a great place for either if your single or on a date because the crowd is so mixed. You will see a lot of white people trying to bust a move, unlike the pros in Brasilles, but hey....everyone has to learn somewhere.
Great restaurant and club. For dinner, I always get the Fire and Ice Ceviche for an appetizer. They have various entrees available. Since I'm a seafood lover, I always get whatever their seafood special is. You can't go wrong with that. Last time I was there, they had a white tuna entree, which was AMAZING. As for drinks, gotta get a mojito or two. 

On Friday/Saturday nights, at 11:30pm, they have a salsa performance to kick off the night. The bottom restaurant floor gets converted to a dance floor, and they play a variety of latin music (salsa, merengue, bachata, reggaeton) until 2am. Cover is free, so it's a great place to dance socially, though the floor is always crowded.
This 1950's Cuban inspired restaurant [slash] bar [slash] salsa spot provides a feast for all the senses. The innovative cuisine with sweet-hot undertones, spot-on mojitos, and latin rhythms transport you to a little Havana nestled in center city. 

My friend and I had dinner here, and we sat in one of the airy "courtyards" built into the interior decor. Though predictable and a tad heavy-handed, the themed design details evoke an appropriate sense of place.  Among the numerous and varied libations, the well selected rum choices, in white, dark, and spiced, correlate with selections on the menu. And impossible to omit in any mention of this oft-chosen destination is the exquisite perfection of their mojito - it is by far the best in the city, and I have tried enough to judge.

From the edibles, I partook of the sampler, which was both a healthy and satiating segue to some late eveningsalsa-groovin'. Here, unlike  Brazil's nearby, lessons aren't offered, so if you're a novice, you might consider taking one before you show up. If you're well-practiced, Cuba's dance floor is as good a place as any here in town to showcase your moves. The stylish sounds are soulful-pop-latin and reggaetone. And if you're salsa-averse, there's always the balcony where you can sit back and spectate.
Oh my goodness, what a disappointment!! After experiencing such wonderful food at Mixto, I've developed this high expectation of Cuban and Latin American food (especially after my trip to some nice Puerto Rican places). Two stars for effort and timely delivery from diningin.com on Valentine's Day. Thanks, Cuba Libre, for giving me good service at a busy time :)

So I ordered the Mariquitas Latin America. The sauces were pretty good and I thought we were off to a good start. Then we went to our main course: sharing pescado de oriente and tamales vegetarianos. Ay carramba! The fish was so bland and being an Indian-born American, I'm all about flavor and spice and what not (this is why you see so many Indian people in places like Taco Bell, we really like Latin American spices). So disappointing. And go me for then switching plates and having the tamales. I think one had beans and the other, I forgot. So not flavorful. Ugh!

Besides our timely delivery and appetizer, the dessert was pretty good. I ordered that bread pudding or whatever and it was really good. Very nice way to finish off a meal. I'm just sad that it was the ending to a really bad meal.

Overrated.
I don't have a latin bone in my body, but this place makes me wish I did, I'd probably embarrass myself less trying to salsa. There's a remarkable energy in the vibe at Cuba Libre; the drinks, the food, and the dance floor pulsate with unmatched passion.

First, let's talk drinks. I don't usually drink mojitos, but when I go to Cuba Libre, take a guess what my drink of choice is. Their mojitos are phenomenal. A perfect balance of bitter, sweet, and refreshingly minty--I don't even want to admit how many I had last time I was there.

Second, the food. To be honest, I usually stop in here for drinks, a poor attempt at salsa dancing, and to watch real dancers do their thing. I can't remember what I had last time I ate here, but it was great, so trust me on this one.

And finally, salsa dancing. Amateurs, by all means, give it a whirl, you're more than welcome to. Or better yet, grab a mojito on the second floor and gaze from above in awe at the crowd of excellent salsa dancers (who are these people?). It's not hired talent, it's just the extremely skilled clientele. During the week, I imagine it's quieter and a better dinner spot, but on the weekends, just grab a mojito and a girl or two, and dance the night away.
Thanks for the food poisoning and the worst day/night of my life following it! Ugh. I went once a few months ago for brunch with 3 of my lady friends. None of the 4 of us really were impressed. Then we all vowed to never go back after I spent awhile glued to my toilet. The best part is, I've heard other people with similar horror stories themselves or from people they know...
My bf and I decided to try Cuba Libre last Saturday night after reading all the positive reviews here on Yelp. Unfortunately, I cannot write a review about the food because apparently, one has to wear wingtips to eat a pernil sandwich. Their jerk of a doorman gave us attitude about their "dress code"... no sneakers allowed. Mind you, he only told us this after we told him we didnt have a reservation but had spoken to the hostess who gave us a 30 min wait time for our table. I did get a chance to peek inside and saw many patrons wearing sandals and other very casual attire. I guess my dress and my bf's button down were not enough to nosh on some friggin' tostones.
Cuba Libre is a great place to have dinner during the week. And it is a great place to go dancing during the weekend. 

The food is delicious and the atmosphere almost makes you feel like you're not in Philly, ALMOST!  

My personal favorite is the Vaca Fritta which is shredded beef. It is SOOOOO good. Also, BRUNCH here is amazing. It is essentially tapas ( small dishes) of a variety of things. One of the things I got was some kind of French toast which a nice cream and fried sweet plantain. I didnt know I needed this until I tried it. But everything from thr brunch menu is a must. I believe they have a deal where you pay about $20 something per person at brunch. 

Dancing :

Friday and Saturday nights this places converrd from restaurant to night club. They remove all the chairs and the DJ starts playing his/her set. Mostly spanish music, salsa merengue bachata , but they also play some top 40. It does get a little crowded but all the best spots do as well.
Our experience was good. I feel the over-all experience deserves not more than 3 stars.

The Music is just too darn loud for dinner. It was near impossible to hold a good conversation with the other guests at the table.
The other downer was the price of Liquor. Holy Cow talking about being price raped!
Way way too much for a cocktail!

Now onto the food. Try the 29 dollar special all you wish small plates. It offers a decent selection which encourages those of us who are not familiar with the tastes of Cuba to experience many flavors. The Good dishes were terrific which you can taste the many layers of seasonings.

The stellar choices was the following;
Pulpo con Berenjenas - Octopus, tender and succulent
Skirt Steak, Tender and well seasoned
Black Bean Soup, one of the better choices
Guava BBQ Ribs, very good
Sopa Levanta Muert - good but the soup needed more depth. Just a tad bit more to this soup and it had the makings of something special 

Chicharrones de la Cas- Decent but the chicken and pork were dry
El Chinito Cubano - A good rendition of the Cuban Sandwich made into a Springroll
Albondigas Camagüey - good meatballs
Copitas de Tostone - the stuffing in the cups were good but the plantains cups were dry and mealy
Cóctel de Camarones  - Shrimp Cocktail - Good taste but the shrimp were way over cooked, dense almost hard. Total miss
Pato Ahumado-  Smoked Duck total miss and just not good
Carne de Cangrejo Ceviche  - Total miss almost as bad as the Duck. Too finely chopped up seafood, lacked Lime, just terrible.

You can skip the desserts, nothing to write home about.

So folks it was a hit or miss. Service was good. For 4 people including the over priced cocktails, and tip,  total was 270.
So I didn't eat here... I only drank mojitos... and they were pretty good... a bit sweet, but good.

We went on a Friday night though... Salsa dancing... free entry... you must go! It was such a blast for me and my friends who don't salsa dance, and yet someone was grabbing your hand (in a non-creepy way) and asking you to dance. Just to dance. 

Great time... just, hard to find parking on the weekends in Olde City... but most of you should probably know that. We walked several million blocks in the freezing cold in heels... ouch.
This place has potential but one major problem needs to be fixed. They give you the tiniest portion of food I've ever been given at a restaurant but the price tag makes you say "where's the rest of my food"!!!! No exaggeration everyone at our table looked astonished at the tiny portion size.

I ordered cuba libre chicharrones which is supposed to be a platter of grilled steak, chicken sausage and tostones. I was given two of the smallest pieces of each of the meats described above and 1 just 1 lonely toston. The dish was very tasty and full of flavor. It's just hard to get over the portion size.

Next I got the vaca frita this is supposed to shredded flank steak with rice, beans, and sweet plantains. I almost felt insulted when I looked at the amount of food I was given for the $25 price tag on this dish. The rice and the beans came in these two tiny bowls. I'm not exaggerating when I tell you there were literally 3 small tablespoons of rice in that bowl so literally 3 bites of rice and you're done. It came with 3 tiny sweet plantains, one bite and they're gone. Again the dish was full of flavor and tasty.

The drinks were ok, tasty but nothing special especially since there was barely any liquor in them. At $10-12 a cocktail you're better off just getting beers. One thing I definitely did love was their tres leches cake! It was delicious and perfect.

I don't think I'd ever come again. I left feeling taken advantage off and a bit insulted by the price tag and portion size. For that reason I can't recommend this place. This is Latin food you can't charge $25 for a dish and barely give any food, it's rice and beans for crying out loud how complex or expensive can it be. Definitely a rip off from their almost virgin cocktails to their portion size.
This review is for Happy Hour only!

And it was dreadful. I went in around 5pm on a Friday, sat at the fairly empty bar, ordered a drink and settled in with a book while I waited for my friend. Meanwhile I was treated to the unpleasant exchanges between the bartender, who had kind of a bad attitude, and the rest of the staff. The manager was also quite rude to the other employees. It was incredibly unprofessional to carry on like that in front of customers.

My caipiranha was OK but nothing amazing. My companion, however, found a half a Splenda packet when she was halfway through hers. Gross! The drink wasn't even made with Splenda, how did that get in there? Then we saw the fly crawling all over the plate of sugar being used to rim the drink glasses and I was so done with this place. Never again.

Crowd started to trickle in more around 7, very bridge-and-tunnel. Wouldn't bother with this place for food- the happy hour price on the caipiranhas was $4 each, which wasn't bad at all.
I came here with 3 friends because one had heard that Cuba Libre has some of the best mojitos in town.  We rolled by at 11:30pm, tried to get in the door, and the bouncer didn't like my Camper shoes and my friends shoes, despite the fact that we just came nicely dressed from a great dinner at Modo Mio (5 stars).  So after retrieving my girlfriend who already got waved inside we left.  

This is Philadelphia, not the strip in LA.  A shoe code?  F*** your mojitos.  I don't want them.
2 visits here so thought it would be good to finally leave a review. This place never disappoints! The interior is beautiful and food is super authentic. 

Pineapple Guac Cubano: ordered this both times because yes, it's that amazing! The plantain chips make this dish a great twist on chips and guac, but the highlight is the guacamole itself. Makes me want to add pineapple to all of my avocado meals. 

Arroz Con Pollo: tried this on my first visit. LOVED it! It's a dish that's definitely on the heavier side

Ropa Vieja: WOW!! This has to be the highlight because I've never had anything like it. Brisket with plantains, absolutely amazing. 

Pollo Asado: pretty normal. Nothing amazing about this dish but the sauce it comes with is great!

Also tried the mango mojito -- was expecting it to be overly sweet but very pleasantly surprised. Their pitchers are generously sized and great for a party of 4-6 people!
Went back to Cuba Libre for a late dinner and then the salsa dancing, which starts at ~10:30pm. There is a good crowd and lots of talented dancers, but also lots of beginners (me!) There were 2 showcases done by professional dancers, which was entertaining to watch. There were also a lot of men looking for dance partners, if that's your thing. I simply shook my head and continued with the girls night out when asked to dance and they did not further harass me.

Watermelon and Cucumber Mojitos were superb, and the tapa style dinner I chose was very very good. Highlights include:

PESCADOS
Camarones a la Parrilla 7
Cuban pesto-marinated grilled shrimp, boniato chip and arugula salad.
Pimentón-lemon vinaigrette

Chicharrones de la Casa 6.5
Crisp marinated chicken, skirt steak, pork masitas,
Cortez chorizo and tostón. Mojo picante

Pulpo con Berenjenas 7.5
Truffle and citrus marinated grilled baby octopus, Haitian eggplant salad
rounding up because of the great service from management

there were a couple of service misses, which were really not a big deal and we never complained, but the manager noticed and went out of his way to apologize and bought us an app as compensation

the guac with plantain chips is really good. we also loved the Lechon Asado and Vaca Frita. we were so stuffed there was no room for dessert

interesting cocktail menu (I loved their version of Moscow Mule, called Mule del Sol) and it's really beautiful inside, made to look like a Havana cafe

thanks again to the GM who made this a nice night
My recent trip to Cuba Libre was a disappointment. I first visited CL circa 2005 and was impressed with the food and Latin inspired dancing; however, the years have not been kind. I was shocked to see the place turn into a rap club in the evening with absolutely no regard to proper Latin dancing. I will not be returning.
Not happy. I've been here about 3 times before, this was the first time I ate though. What I expected was great Cuban food and a little salsa after. What I got...
The good:  They accommodated our large party and Steve the waiter was good. I tried someone's steak, it was good. One person had mussels and said they were good. 
The  bad: The food. 5 people at the group ordered the wings. 2 were sent back and  the other 3 were either left or taken home to put some hot sauce on it. They tasted like they were marinated in dirty, tepid dish water. The portions are tiiiiiiiiny, my God. I'm a  habitual doggie bagger and there was nothing left to take. I got the paella, which damn near came out on a saucer. It's just mediocre and bland. No one was excited about anything , no raves, no, "You gotta taste this!". Also, there were a couple of things they were out of, I guess the good food.
Drinks: I had 2 mojitos and a long island iced tea. The mojitis were good, no sugar cane in them, just mojitos. I tasted the sangria, I think it was made with the same stuff the wings were marinated in. And they LI iced tea, was literally the weakest most BS LIIT I have ever had. And she had the balls to charge $12.10 for it!!
Music: Well, there was Salsa, for about 13 minutes. Then it turned to a regular ole' club you can find anywhere in Philly. Packed with people, everyone dancing, which is great, just not what I expected. This is my last time patronizing Cuba Libre. This city has way too many good places to eat where you can leave with a full stomach. NEXT.
Was always wandering what big hype about this place, well I went , lines were long , ordered our food , bunch of us, upstairs, took so long before it even came, luke warm, like sitting on shelf for like 25-30 min, while we were awaiting for it, cooled off. Prices are crazy, not worth going . Friends of mine wanted to go again, I said , OK, give it another try, same thing again, waited 45 min for my food, by then, could have eaten, had dessert, left. We went to concert by Penn's Landing , which was half way over, since this place took so Dang-gone long!!! Nah, not going back. Awful, not worth hoopla !!
As a Cuban-American living in Philly for school, my biggest struggle was finding delicious and authentic Cuban food. Cuba Libre is the solution to that problem. Unlike some places who claim to have "Cuban" food and it is just generally Latin American food, Cuba Libre really stays true to Cuba roots both in their menu and the atmosphere. There are a few twists on Cuban classics on the menu, but they manage to pull this off while still maintaining that authenticity. The mango butter is something I had never had in any Cuban meal but it is amazing!! Their Vaca Frita is better than any I've ever had. My Cuban grandmother would be really upset to hear, but it's even better than hers! This is the best Cuban restaurant Philly has to offer, don't go anywhere else for Cuban food!
Sit outdoors for the true Havana feeling.  Great food and great drinks - esp mojito's and ceviche!
C-A-L-I-E-N-T-E.

No comprendes?
No problemo.

You don't need to speak Spanish to get a little taste of Havana in this Philadelphia hot spot.  Guantanamo-esque decor meets metropolitan chic to create an amazing venue.

From salsa dancing to ridiculous quantities of rum and other island specialties, Cuba Libre is not for the boring or lazy.  Be prepared to sweat dancing up a storm!
I don't remember  lot about my meal but the sinful mango butter that they serve with the complementary bread was devine.  On weekends get the last table sitting and stay till the place turns into a dance club (=good mojitos and salsa dancing.)
Gosh... I think I needed to order a Mojito or two... Perhaps this is a better evening/drinking spot then a brunch place.

The double height ceilings, ceiling fans and decor was right out of what I would expect if I was transplanted in Cuba. Very cool indeed.

The food was generally so so. The coffee water down/weak taste. If I was forced to pick, the food highlight would have to be Chino del Mar (shrimp and crab spring roll). The Cafe Cuba Libre was very tasty (Cuban coffee with steamed coconut milk).

The service was a little bit slow but perhaps if the coffee (and/or the food) tasted better we would not have noticed as much.

I guess I will have to try it one more time, but this time for drinks and dancing.
Caipirinha, Caipirinha, Caipirinha's!!!

I would order the original ones with Cachaca rum and not the vodka ones - they didn't tastes quite as good.

My absolute Favorite was the mint, ginger, honey Caipirinha and most comparable to the ones I've had in Rio de Janiero! They do it right and basically the closest the thing I have had in the states. 

The ambiance was also great as well. It looked like we were in a different country.  We walked in party of 4 and a toddler in tote on a Saturday early evening with no reservations and we were seated right away. Our waitress was Very attentive. They put us in a perfect corner with toddler and no one seemed to mind. 

We will definitely be returning!
My parents came into town and decided this place would be a nice change in pace from what they have in New Jersey. This was my second time getting food from this restaurant, this time take-out, and the food was still a 10/10!!  I hate when take out portions are very tiny compared to what you get eating in but that was not the case.  The meals were still decently sized and plated nicely.  My parents can't stop talking about how good their meals were!  We got the guac and plantain chips to start and each got either paella vegetarian or paella mixta.  The plantain chips and guac are seasoned perfectly!  The paella  is so flavorful, everything is cooked perfectly, and the meat is so tender and moist.  We couldn't go to Cuba Libre without getting a mojito and thankfully they serve mojitos to go!! They are a little pricey but worth it.  Can't wait to go back.
This place is seriously one of the coolest restaurants I've been to.  Atmospheric decor, relaxed vibe, and friendly staff made my last night in Philly a blast.  Their famed mojitos were indeed delicious, although a little too weak for my taste (I didn't even manage a buzz, which probably would have bumped up the score to 5 stars).  

The food was great, I'd recommend trying the Fire and Ice ceviche, if only for the "Ooo preeeetty" presentation factor.  And be prepared to ask for 4-5 refills on your bread basket, because their mango butter and sugar (and cinnamon?) toast are a mouth-orgasm inducing PHENOMENON.  I think my party blew past 6 baskets of those suckers, no joke.  Cuba Libre was definitely my second most memorable Philly dining experience, second only to shoving a big fat greasy cheese steak right into my arteries.
We dropped in yesterday for their Restaurant Week brunch menu. I had high hopes because I am originally from Tampa and I often get cravings for great Cuban food. First, the atmosphere was very nice. The main dining space is very airy and I enjoyed the random palms. As for our food, I got the black bean soup for appetizer, which was delicious. I was more disappointed with my entree, which was the Miami frita. I thought it would be more like an actual Cuban sandwich, but in fact it was a burger slapped between two pieces of "Cuban" bread, piled on top of those little potato sticks that come out of the can. The burger itself tasted delicious, but I guess I was expecting something different so I was a little put-off. My friend got the Huevos Enchilados, and she really liked it a lot. If I had to choose again, I would really like to try their waffles or the Guava BBQ ribs! For desert, my friend and I got Arroz con Leche, a rice pudding served with little guava pastries. I loved it, and I thought it was the best part of our meal. I would like to come back here in the evening on a date, and get a mojito!!
Have eaten here a few times over the years, but a recent trip prompted a five-star review. No, it's not cheap -- and the irony of Cuban food costing this much is obvious. But if you're looking for low prices in Old City, well, there's a Cosi at 4th and Chestnut.

Looking for a place with an inspired decor and food to match, plus the area's best mojitos? Cuba Libre has got you covered. The house mojito is so good I'd always stuck with it. Now that I've had a pineapple mojito, I'm torn. Might even venture into some other varieties. I realize the $8 to $10 price tag is a bit steep, but that's comparable to a glass of good wine and a couple bucks more than a pint. From what I can tell, some people are paying almost as much for coffee these days, so let's call it a wash. The mojitos live up to the hype.

The food is also quite tasty. Our favorites: The fire & ice ceviche, which comes in a coconut on a steaming plate of dry-ice. Black bean soup with a spicy kick. And the Plato Cuba Libre, a sampler entree that changes daily and features small portions of the main dishes along with maduros (fried platains) and a watercress salad. On this visit it was the ropa vieja (shredded beef) and churrasco a la Cubana (skirt steak with garlic mashed potatoes) -- both delicious -- and lechon asado (pork), good but a step down from the other items. The dry and chewy tostones also weren't my cup of tea. 

Didn't do dessert this time. No worries, the mojitos and food filled us up just fine. Service was very good from start to finish. Overall, it was another trip that left us saying, "We have to come back more often." Next time, it'll likely be for brunch. Highly recommended.
It was my first visit to Philadelphia as well as to Cuba Libre. Boy, am I glad that I randomly found this place. This place in every aspect, imply put, is amazing.

I had a fire/ice ceviche for my appetizer, and it comes in a coconut shell on a plate full of dry ice. So when the server comes out with the dish, it makes all the heads in the restaurant turn and stare. It tastes fresh and delicious. Just the fact that I had such a dish was an experience within itself. I also had a juice sampler, which I found very interesting. I didn't necessarily like all the juices I got the try, but that's why I got the sample to get the taste of different exotic fruit juices.

I had a salmon for my entree and I literally licked the plate. It was packed with wonderful flavors and portion was just right. Their cuban coffee is wonderful with their tasty dessert. From beginning to the end, I couldn't stop talking about how wonderful it was that I found this place and try their food and experience their service.

Go Go GO to this place if you're in the area. If you go there for dinner, perhaps you can pay "Blue Martini" a visit right next door, which is a wonderful, vibrant place where you can get your martini needs fixed.
I'm about two weeks tardy on this!

We were visiting Philly and it was Africa hot so we literally ran into this place and sat at the bar.

We ordered apps and drinks which were great.

The bartender, who I fail to remember his name, but sort of reminded me of Khal Drogo was SUPER kind. 

This bartender went above and beyond and fun to talk to. 

He suggested some apps which we tasted:

Crab guac
Octopus a la parrilla
Coconut crab fritters
Padrón Peppers. (My fav)

We had margs and passion fruit mojitos.
Loved them!

If you love passion fruit then its a must! 

Overall fun/yummy for a walk-in experience with zero expectations.
Great mojitos and lively music, its no wonder the dance floor is always packed. A really fun and great place to check out.
anytime i can have cuban food for breakfast, i'm a happy girl.  

indeed, brunch here is fab.  friendly service, a huge selection of entrees, and an amazing crabcake omelette.  ordering it is a must, if only for the to-die-for potatoes on the side.  

-1 star b/c their iced tea is bottled, not fresh.

definitely check this place out.  morning or night, cuba libre never disappoints.
My girlfriend and I had an absolutely great meal here last night. I did not expect to much going in, the menu looked good, I enjoy cuban food but I hadn't heard to much about the food at Cuba Libre. 

After not being able to decide on what to order we ordered the Plato Gaucho For Two, which was a huge portion for two people. It came with two ginormous shrimp, two chicken breasts, a NY strip steak, skirt steak and a chorizo sausage. We also ordered mashed potatoes. First off this was way to much for two people, especially since my girlfriend is tiny and can't eat a ridiculous amount of meat like I can. 

The New York strip steak was cooked perfectly, I did not expect to get this good of a steak, seriously one of the better ones I have had over the past year. The strip steak was also delicious as was the chorizo. 

Great meal, good atmosphere, will definitely be going back.
It's restaurant week a situation that may factor into the experience. Since I was most happy with our experience at Alma de Cuba I thought we would try Cuba Libre. From the outside, on a late summer evening, the open porch seemed most appealing. When we passed through the door, the ambiance quickly changed. The room, built around the bar (it is after all a "rum bar") swarmed with the Friday evening younger set engross in the din of their un-hearable conversations. The hostess parted the sea of young men and women and led us up the stairs to the balcony area. Here, thanks to a clutch of girls from the office, the screaming and shrill laughs made any conversation at our table impossible. With a sigh of resignation to our condition we took our restaurant week menus in hand. We knew our orders straight off.  We were three and as always we would share. The waiter, however, informed us that for restaurant week the menu was a pre-designed menu for two. That was not what was advertised online. 
Once again we quietly accepted our fate and made a quick decision: paella and lechon. The waiter brought out the three dishes of "Round One." (The courses seem to be titled for boxing ( Cuba?) and maybe that's appropriate to the milieu.)Two of the dishes were based on plantain chips which were either rubbery or very brittle. The Mariquitas salsas were no different than what you might find commercially. The guacamole, however, was nicely enhanced by pineapple. The Tostones, the fried plantain saved this "Frist Round." "Round Two" again offered little of distinction or interest. The Shrimp Ceviche was little more than an old time shrimp cocktail at Bookbinder's. The salad, certainly pleasant had little distinction. The meatballs, at least, provided a bit of sustenance.
Now it was time for "Round Three." Don't blink when the paella comes out. You may miss it. How expensive are mussels that they can only put four in the pan? This paella also seemed to miss chicken and saffron. I also doubt that it was actually made in the pan (the "paella") since the rice had not essential bottom crust. But most disappoint was the pan itself which could not have been much more than nine inches around. And this was supposed to feed two. The lechon, while tasty, was mostly filler and barely enough for one person.
The dessert platter, "Round Four," of which we had two of the same, offered a nice little assortment but did not compensate for the very mediocre dinner. I suppose, judging from the less than subtle talk around us, most folks were there for the mojitos. Cuba Libre was not bad, but it was not good.  I must also say that the server was most congenial as was all the staff although I don't understand why so many restaurant these days allow their staff to address the clients as "you guys."  I'll just assume that I'm in the wrong age bracket for 2nd Street restaurant-bar.
i have only eaten at the ac establishment and I thought it was pretty lame for the cost, and the gf took it to another level and thought it was flat out shiet. I occasionally stop by when I am in old city to grab a drink.  I am no mojito expert but i hear they are quite good, but I think they are like 14 bucks a pop. Also a shot of patron  was like 16. there is fun vibe though and if i am ever single again im learning salsa, i have never seen so many middle age men with potbellies and bad hair cuts get so much attention from the ladies.
I was uber-excited to hit up Cuba Libre since their salsa night came highly recommended by some people I know. However, I never got to experience it because I became bored.

I arrived at 10:30 since the website said music was from 10P-2A and the guy at the door told me it would start at 11. Although it got more crowded around that time, the music never made it's debut.

I ended up leaving around 11:30 because I got bored. Definitely don't come here alone; you'll need the company while you wait for the music to transition over.
I was here with a friend and I was really excited at the thought of eating Cuban food. Last cuban meal i had was in 2003 in Miami and it was OFF the freaking chain... I literally OD'd on the food.

The ambience of the place def had me expecting something that will blow my tastebuds off my tongue.
Prior to being seated we were at the bar and we were salivating at the choices of mojitos, unfortunately & fortunately before we could place our drink orders our table was ready so off we were scooped.

Once seated we ordered our mojitos ( both Mango ) from the upstairs bar and the drinks were disappointedly not up to par. We felt like we basically paid $ for mango juice. Not sure where the alcohol went.

Next round of drinks were a tad better but still not quite IT.

For our main meal, I ordered the Vaca Frita and my mate ordered Ropa Vieja. Ya know, I mean well but I felt like we coulda ordered the meal from a corner cuban joints in a to-go bag. Our tastebuds weren't tantalized..it was like "eh, i'm eating...good". 
I felt the explosion of cuban flavor was definitely lacking and it was just odd because everything else about the place felt on-point but our meals weren't.

We just felt kinda feeling "blah" and sorta disappointed and I don't think I'll be visiting it again...not for food anyway I see myself giving the drinks another chance tho.
9/9/12 Update

Cuba Libre has changed. And not for the better. I went last night with some friends. 

First and foremost - great job by the performers!!

But for the rest of the club . . . .So, it was really empty when we got there around 11pm. At the door they stamped our hands, which I thought was weird and useless. I shrugged it off. We went in and everyone's just standing around waiting for them to clear the dance floor. They begin getting all the tables and chairs up and make space for the 1st performance at around 11:30pm. When the performers are finished the DJ says the dance floor is open. Only it's not, and they take another 20 minutes to clear it out. I guess there was a party that was eating late. Not really sure why they couldn't just leave those tables there and let us dance, but whatever.

So, the play all of 2 songs before it's time for the 2nd performance. Everyone's kinda annoyed, but again I'm thinking, maybe it's not the management's fault that the party was still eating (although they probably shouldn't have seated them so late perhaps?

Alright, so the 2nd performance is over and I'm excited to get some Salsa dancing in. But where? There's a new "VIP" section in the back that is roped off, so that took up some dancing real estate. And for what? So 2 people in the party could dance. STUPID!! But I figure I would go on the main floor and dance. But now the question is to what music? All night the DJ played mainstream music that had nothing to do with Salsa. I think I didn't hear the first Salsa song until about 1:30am and they close at 2!! I heard Katy Perry and other non-cubanesque songs. There were maybe 2 bachata songs, and a bunch of merengue and easy to dance songs for the coming off the street crowd.

Perhaps it was an off night, but on 9/8, the DJ was horrible, the pretentiousness in the room was fowl, and my friends and I all left pretty dissappointed in the Cuba Libre we knew and loved. I hope someone reads this and realizes that you are going to lose your dancing crowd. Sure, you'll make some money with the non dancers who just want to have a good time, but when I dance I bring my friends and we buy things and have a good time. But why would I come when I'm being forced into the front room like a sardine and the music blows? I can hear mainstream music at any of the other clubs in Old City.

And don't get my started on the fact that you are now offering Valet Service. Really? Let's not get ahead of ourselves . . .
Cuba Libre is an interesting location. They recently remodeled or redid their menu (in the past year) and I can say I was impressed. They have a good selection, all tapas style. Some of the highlights were a pineapple guacamole and the octopus dish.

I visited this place awhile ago, so my review isn't going into much detail. Sorry all, but do know this place is great for drinks and some tapas with your friends. Go during the summertime when they open up all the doors and the fresh air is brought in. Great location too!
3.5.  I had lunch here on Tuesday afternoon with the brother.  We both have never had it before but decided to try it on account of hearing really good things about this place.  

The food and drink were awesome.  The ambiance was really nice.  The service was quite friendly.

He got the steak sandwich with plantains, and I got the Coca de Lomo, which was this flatbread pizza-like dish that had some smoked pork on top.  Both plates were 13 dollars on the lunch menu and worth every penny.  

Along with our meals, we ordered a half jug of white Sangria which was 15 bucks and pretty tasty.  We got about 2 and a half glasses each from that.  Unfortunately, when our waiter was pouring us our first glasses, the wine kept spilling along the side of the jug.  Had that not happened, we probably would have gotten 3 glasses each, but what we had was nice enough.  

Improvements: 
- It being 40 degrees outside and somewhat empty inside, I didn't really see the need for the fans overhead. We were both really cold when we were eating and they had all the fans on.
- The menu was very limited, and I wished there were more options.  Also, it was a bit more pricey than I was expecting for lunch.  They were closer to dinner prices.
- It would have been nice to be given more Sangria to compensate for the amount that spilled.

Overall, it was an enjoyable dining experience and I would recommend this place to others.  It's the first meal in Philly that I was really impressed with and look forward to much more.
Nice! Great decor (high ceilings, 2 floors).  I had their 2nd Street Gaucho Steak - Grilled spice rubbed rib eye steak, served on crisp yuca fries with a glaze of Rioja wine demi, jalape chimichurri, and a medley of fire roasted peppers and onions.  It was excellent, great cut, and tender!

The Sangrias that we ordered weren't all that strong, but it's all good! Will come back again!
Been here once.   Wasn't good.  Wasn't bad.   It's one of those places that you hear everyone talk about so you try it only to discover it's nothing special.
What an absolutely fun spot to visit! The interior truly looks like you've stepped onto a Cuban patio.

I recently enjoyed brunch here with a friend, and had a lovely time. They have an all-you-can-eat tapas style brunch, but we decided to stick with a la carte options instead. 

We really enjoyed the breakfast breads basket. The guava and cream cheese pastry is our favorite, with the churro as a close second. We also split the ropa viega tapa as well as the Cubano sandwich. Everything was well-prepared and tasty. 

We sipped aqua frescas in lieu of alcoholic beverages, and thought they were delicious too. This is a really fun spot to visit for brunch, and I be it's even more enticing in the evening, when I hear it gets a lot more Latin flavor and boisterous music.
This place gets 5 stars for food, drinks, and atmosphere... and negative stars for the jar-headed douche bag "security guards" and the less-than-attentive wait staff. Too bad... if they got rid of their pretentious and rude staff, it would be 5 stars all the way!
The bouncers were very rude. My gf was a little tipsy but not drunk and they dragged her out. She might have wobbled on a step but it was late and she was wearing heels for her birthday. Easily could have been resolved if he just talked to me. But instead of talking just went to start grabbing me and my gf even tho we didn't do anything to deserve that. That was the worst I have ever been treated at a bar. I wish I had their names. But you get the idea. Also I was choked out by a bouncer just for being reluctant to dragging me and my gf out. Which they never talked to us about. You don't just choke people out. It was like 5 bouncers vs me. I hope they feel tuff.
I'll break my review down by everything I digested:

Classic Mojito: 4 stars -not quite strong enough
Caipirinha: 5 stars -perfect
Ceviche: 4 stars -amazing, but not enough for a party of 5
Mariquitas (plantain and yuca chips and dips): 4 stars -the sauce was great
Bread and Butter: 5 stars -holy mango butter, Batman!
Lechon Asado (slow roasted pork): 5 stars -GET IT!

And I sampled....
Pescado de Oriente (sea bass): 5 stars -and I don't even like fish that much!
Vaca Frita (short rib steak): 5 stars -so, so tender

The decor: 5 stars -they brought the bill in a cigar box!
The service: 5 stars -even the manager came by to check on us.  (He was extremely well-dressed.)

Overall: 5 stars, a nice buzz, and infinite props for impressing my out of town guests with the restaurant choice.
This review is only for National Empanada Day/happy hour at the bar. 

National Empanada Day is a holiday I've been celebrating at Cuba Libre ever since I found out it was a holiday. A day for eating empanadas? Yes! Empanadas for a $1 a pop? Yes! Yes! Having a mojito at happy hour pricing because I'm there? Yes, of course! 

Understandably with such a great promotion the place is going to be busy. If I can build that into my expectations, I'm hoping they can build it into their preparation and staffing. I came with low service expectations, but they set the bar even lower. 

1) Despite holding out money and making eye contact, the bartender helped two people that rolled up at the bar after me. Including one customer who was incredibly rude and pushy. 

2) The tables weren't being bused properly. It took 20 minutes and me flagging someone down to get the last group's mess cleared away. 

3) They forgot to give us our food. It took 40 minutes of patience before asking and figuring out what happened. They made up some BS excuse that our names were called. 
 a) I didn't give my name and paid with cash.
 b) An order of guacamole did make its way to the table we were standing at. 
 c) The bartender didn't seem the least bit apologetic. 

He took our orders again (on a coaster mind you) and then disappeared into the kitchen. 

The manager came back to check on us, but still had the number and combinations of empanadas incorrect. At this point the upstairs bar area was fairly empty and far less hectic when we got there. There were only a few varieties of empanadas.  It's not rocket science, and they are in the restaurant service industry. 

4) I asked the manager for a round of waters for the table and utensils/napkins. We only got two of each for our group of four. Makes sense...


On the plus side of this experience, the empanadas were banging when they finally came out! They were straight from the oven, fresh and delightfully hot. I ordered two cheese, two chicken and a beef, and was able to walk away full and content from the food. The beef empanadas contain olives. I'm not a fan of olives so I wanted to make this note for other olive haters and my future empanada orders. 

So I guess the moral of the story is that you get what you pay for. I paid for deliciously cheap empanadas, a mojito and horrible service. 

I love National Empanada Day and vow to celebrate to the best of my ability. I hope they can hold up their end of the bargain for next year.
Tourist Trap...check.  Extremely young crowd...check. Not a fun place. Gets overly packed. Not my cup of tea. Their mojito's suck. Not worth the trip. So many better bars to go to. Food was terrible when I ate in the one at AC so I cannot speak for this place.
Love the decor and ambiance - you gain a genuine sense for the vibrant and colorful Havana scene glancing around the restaurant.

We started with a variety of piping hot empanadas: pork, beef, artichoke, and chicken. Wow! The braised pork was super tender and savory. It was our favorite of the foursome, though we also complimented on the artichoke and the ground beef.

For my main, I went with the Churrasco skirt steak, served over a bed of mashed potatoes and accompanied by sides of rice and black beans. The steak was cooked exactly to order and was just the right portion size. I cleaned my entire plate.

I was disappointed that our mojitos were uber sweet (in particular, the coconut), and seemingly light on rum. Between my date and I, we agreed the passion fruit and the pineapple mojitos were the choice. Just add some more booze next time!
I love Cuba Libre. I have never been there to eat but we always go on Friday and Saturday for late night dancing...ARRIBAAA!!! lol. The atmosphere is great, you actually feel like you're in spain at a dance club. I will say the drinks are expensive, but it's worth it for the atmosphere and there is no cover.

...ALSO, watch what you wear! We initially got denied at the door because one of my friends was wearing a pair of brown casual sneakers. No sneakers at this place. However, the bouncer was very nice and said "Listen, I'm not supposed to do this, but I'm not going to ruin your night over a pair of sneakers, so I'll let you guys in"
I have yet to try this place for a meal but last night we stopped in to have mojitos and we were not disappointed.  I'm just sorry I only had one!
Went to Sunday brunch on my first visit to Cuba Libre. The warm, tropical ambiance was a nice escape from the chilly weather outside. 

We started with the Canasta de Pan. I was slightly disappointed with the churros, but loved the sweet banana bread, flaky guava hojaldres, and pineapple marmalade. I had the Huevos Enchilados which was a nice combination of tang and spice. My husband had the Pollo Frito con Panqueques (their version of chicken and waffles). Although they were skimpy with the chicken, the corn cakes were filling and had a delicious caramelized crust. 

My favorite of the day was the One-eyed Ropa Vieja Hash, which my mom ordered. The shredded beef was tender and spicy, while the potato hash provided a perfectly sweet contrast. I will definitely go back to have this all for myself. It's something I could start obsessing over...
Ahhhh I love this place!!!!

Before I even ordered or even saw the menu I loved this place. 

Great atmosphere, pretty affordable, excellent food, and the drinks are delicious.

Awesome for the daytime fade!
Such beautiful Cuban ambiance and interior design, I can't help but give them a four star. 

Food on the other hand, good but only selective dishes:
- Seafood paella (real good but too salty for my preference. Ask them to adjust this for you and it would've been on point! The rice soaked in the sweet richness of the seafood and red sauce so beautifully- I would give it another chance)
- Plantain with guacamole (loved it!)

Less fond of:
- grilled baby octopus (overcooked, dry, tough)
- coconut crab fritters (uses imitation crab meat, disappointment)
We had a fabulous time at Cuba Libre! The ambience is fantastic. We enjoyed the outdoor seating with the heating lamps. Located in Olde City Philadelphia...it was perfect. Dinner was awesome, we ordered the Seafood Paella Marinera which was so delicious! And service was great.
I had set the bar high with Cuba Libre. So many people had raved about their drinks and food that I thought Desi Arnaz was going to jump out behind a pillar, bust into a song and dance routine, and serve me some damn plaintains. 

We went on Friday pre-Philly art crawl to commandeer the troops, enjoy some mojitos and apps, and then partake in some culture. My mojitos must have been laced with some watered down nonsense because I tasted no alcohol. I felt duped and disappointed!

The redeeming factor was the apps. I took the lead as I often do and ordered the black bean hummus, sweet corn cakes, yucca fries, fried plaintains, and wings. All were delicious. Ok let me bactrack...the mango butter and the bread almost got me pregnant behind my old high school. If you don't know Tracey Morgan schtick, you possibly might not get that joke.

However, my belly was a-roaring afterwards and I had a migraine out of nowhere. I felt like the guy in that Lily Allen video "Smile" except I wasn't beaten up, robbed, drugged, etc. I don't know if it was the food or not but it *almost* ruined my night.

Would I go back? Sure, I want to get some entrees, ask for more alcohol in my drinks, and get some mango butter in.my.belly.
Many times going to Philadelphia, I would pass by Cuba Libre wondering if that huge crowd in front of the place would equate to a totally awesome place to eat. On my last trip to the city, I planned brunch there, and wow. It was amazing.

I had made reservations the night prior, and showing up the next day was a piece of cake. We were seated immediately at our table. It was a group of 6 people as well. The decor of Cuba Libre makes you feel as if you are somewhere in Cuba enjoying a wonderful brunch. Too bad the weather wasn't Cuba-esque.

Now to the food, the mojitos were wonderful. This was my first mojito so I didn't have anything to base it on, but if I had mojitos like this all the time, I would be in heaven. 
For a little appetizer I had the torrejas which is a high-end version of french toast. It was filled with mascarpone cheese, and topped with hazelnuts and almonds. I think I can eat 3 of those for breakfast, it was so good. I still crave it.
My main course was a bit close to home, but it still was very good. I had the "Pollo Uno, Dos, y Tres" which was chicken breast, chicken sausage, and 2 eggs. That hit the spot, I was very satisfied with my brunch experience.

I was very satisfied with Cuba Libre, and I wouldn't mind stopping by again. I'd always use reservations to be safe though, you don't know when there will be an influx of people trying to get in. Play it safe, use the reservations - and get the mojitos.
My fiancé and I visited her cousin in Philadelphia for the weekend and he suggested to get dinner at Cuba! Did not regret it at all. For appetizers we decided to go for their new  lobster guacamole. One of the best guacamole I've had in such a long time. Great mix! For my main meal I had the arroz con pollo. Great flavor dish. Very Cuban style. They even served it in a cooking pot. Very creative if you ask me. The food was very delicious that we decided to order an order of pork empanadas! It was an excellent choice. From the first bite to the last one. 

Their pineapple mojito was amazing! We even ordered a pitcher! I highly recommend this place! Definitely coming back.
After a wonderful dining experience, I decided to join my Meetup group here for happy hour drinks. After my friends and I got their drinks, I wondered why the bartender (on Wed, Mar 27) had tacked on $1 on top of the drink prices listed on the menu. He claimed it was "tax," but, c'mon, would the tax be the same on a $9 drink versus an $10.50 drink? I noticed he sometimes didn't punch anything up on his cash register for a drink and just deposited the money into the register. Money that was unaccounted for?! So he was skimming an extra $1 off of everyone's drinks and pocketing the bar's money, too. That's really messed up. I felt like I was watching a bad employee from an episode of Restaurant Stakeout in person. He didn't have much of a personality, either. Isn't a bartender supposed to be fun and engaging with his customers? A rock had more personality. He looked like he really didn't want to be there.
I have a hard time rating a place that's both a restaurant and a bar, since where I like to eat dinner is often very different from where I want to party.  But in this case, I give both 4 stars.  The ambience is cool for either; I love feeling like I'm in Disney's version of Cuba and it's definitely a trendy Olde City spot, which if that's what you're looking for Cuba Libre is perfect.

Dinner:  Good food... not sure how authentic, but I don't really care.  Love the fried plaintains and the pulled pork was delicious.  Oh the mango butter that comes with the bread, fantastic.

Bar: I came here recently for the first time on a Saturday when salsa was going on, and boy was it fun!  I know a little salsa from a few lessons in college, but that was about all I needed to know.  Guys come up to you and ask you to dance, then lead and twirl you around enough that you look half-decent (at least I think I looked half-decent, maybe that was just the alcohol).  Then after a few songs you split up or politely excuse yourself and that's that.  Big improvement over the come-up-from-behind-and-start-grinding style at usual clubs.

Mojitos are pricey but very tasty.  No cover in old city is a plus too.  I'm sure I'll be back when I'm in the neighborhood.
The best best best part about this bar? The ambiance. I would say in the top 5 of restaurants in Philly. It has that whole feeling like you're outside in Miami (or I guess Cuba) but you're inside with the palm trees, the ceiling fans and the general atmosphere. I like to take people from out of town here for drinks and late night salsa dancing. 

I've been here several times throughout the 7 years I've lived in Philly and sure, sometimes it's been a hit or miss with the service. But when you get the food, it's 7.5/10 good. I also came here the other night for a fundraiser for the Philippines and the chef did spot-on great filipino food. I loved that 100% of the proceeds went to their organization of choice, the Red Cross. 

All around, a fun place to go late at night for a drink and salsa dancing.
Best ciapirinhas and tostones I've had in Philly! My niece was in town and we went for dinner here. The ambiance is very nice. The floor tiles remind me of Fiesta Ware plates - all vibrant and lively! I got the Plato Cuba Libre, my niece and my partner got the flank steak. It was great food! The coffee at the end of the meal was great, too! Service was a little corny, our waitress tried to speak in Spanish but couldn't shake her valley girl accent. It was a bit much. And we had to wait a long time for her to take our order, bring us our drinks, and also return with the check. We went at 5:30pm on a Saturday, and were among 4 full tables in the restaurant, so she was not overly busy... Definitely a unique place to go to eat, though! The inside is very intimate and the decor makes you feel as if you're in a delightful little Spanish Courtyard complete with palm trees and Moorish columns and capitals!
