Quite simply, this food truck is amazeballs.

Yes, this is a Thai Mexican fusion truck. An undeniable awesome marriage between two of my most favorite cuisines. I swung by to try their famous Cap'n Crunch crusted tilapia burrito but I ended up ordering their entire menu. And I wasn't even hungry!

THAI SHORT RIBS TACOS (1 for $3)- Tender yet perfectly chewy. The flavors literally burst in your mouth letting you know these meats were given a good marinade bath before it was cooked. Generous slices of avocado canopying the filling of veggies like shredded cabbage and cubed tomatoes. And oh my, that green sauce.....creamy, yet light and refreshing.

CHICKEN KATSU W/ AN EGG ($5.50) 
Extremely crispy, thin flat cutlet of well-cooked chicken served with a bed of slaw, a fried egg, rice, and spicy mayo drizzle. Ask for extra sauces! 

CAP'N CRUNCH CRUSTED TILAPIA TACOS (2 for $6)- The disadvantage of coming here late to avoid the long lines was that they ran out of burritos' ingredients. However, they accommodated us by making us a taco instead! Made with the same love as the ribs tacos, except with the crunchy, slightly sweet breading, and delicious flaky fish inside! 

I don't generally expect good service from a food truck. But the people who work here go above and beyond with their genuine helpfulness and friendliness. I was super impressed with my entire experience. 

I only spent $15 for all of that deliciousness and I was 100% satisfied.
Like David B, my first introduction to Cucina Zapata was also at the Vendy Awards. Curried chicken over rice hooked me in while mini tacos with chicken and short rib sealed the deal. It was one of the few trucks that day that kept the line moving quickly and was also prepared for the crowds. Even when an L&I inspector jumped aboard in the beginning of the event, causing everything to grind to a halt, the food truck peeps kept their cool and business was back up and running in no time. 

I'll definitely make a point to seek out Cucina Zapata for lunch in the near future!
Hands down the best lunch truck food I've ever had. 

Thai Tacos? WTF is that? They're amazing that's what. This place has such unique food that will blow you away. Plus it's cheap because its a lunch truck ($6 range), and plus there's great consistency. 

You do often have to wait in line during lunch hours, so it's not ultimate 2 minute for a hoagie truck type, but the quality is much higher. 

If you're on Drexel's campus, you should try this place! Better than any of the restaurants on campus too. 

I'm vegetarian and usually get the veggie burger (and they make it for me without the buns to save some carbs!)
I thought Cucina Zapata was my well kept secret but it looks like the cat is out of the bag now.

Ever since I tried Cucina at the Vendy's, I've been amazed with their fusion cuisine and quality of food. When I found out that they were located in my part of town (UC), I was elated and immediately tracked them down!

What is not to love here? I've tried everything on their menu and they're all sooooo good! 

+Thai short rib or chicken satay taco ($3 a piece): great flavors, not too heavy, avocados aplenty, and delicious spicy mayo sauce
+Chicken Katsu ($5 + 50cents for egg): substantially-sized, crunchy chicken strips with rice, tomato chunks, and sesame seeds in tonkatsu sauce 
+Red veggie curry ($5): potato and pumpkin chunks with rice in a creamy curry broth, DELICIOUS. Spice level is perfect.
+Cap'n Crunch encrusted tilapia burrito($6): slightly sweet, crunchy, and flavorful; generously portioned. Don't miss out on this one!
+Mexican veggie burger ($4): I'm not a vegetarian but I really wouldn't miss meat if I could eat this daily. Love the spicy mayo!
+Thai ice tea/thai green tea ($2): refreshing, not too sweet, waaay better than starbucks

Owners are super gracious and friendly. They really care about their customers since they make an effort to engage in conversation with you.

Only downsides:
-Some of their menu choices take a long time like the Tilapia, especially during the lunch rush (~15 minute wait) but totally worth it
-Random closings. I've been here a couple of times only to find them closed. A few weeks ago, I dragged my friend after class to try my favorite food truck. We were so disappointed that we trekked all the way from Penn only to find Cucina to be closed. I wish they were a bit more consistent with their schedule.

All in all, Cucina Zapata is a safe bet for an affordable and delicious meal. I'm a huge fan!
First recommendation is to go during class times ( if you don't have class obviously haha) because let's say class ends around 12:50 and starts again at 1:00 those ten minutes are going to be the MOST crowded! 

My vegetarians! Try the veggie burger and make it spicy! You can also make the veggie burger into veggie soft tacos which are less messy but just as yummy. This meal is healthy, cheap and worth every penny! 

Also try the Thai ice tea! (No love that they have bendy straws haha). So delicious 

Enjoy and cheers!
Yo, this is literally one of the best things about going to Drexel. This place always has a line but it is so worth it. Zapata (for short) is a Thai-Mexican hybrid destination that you need to add to your list if you are in Philly during the week. They are open from 11:30 ish to about 4ish - it fluctuates depending on their schedule - and are right behind Drexel's Main Building.

As a vegetarian, I always would get the veggie burger. DAMN it's the best veggie burger in the city by far. It has cabbage, avocado, and some spicy mayo on top of a homemade patty that's just bursting with flavor. I seriously love it (and miss it now that I work outside the city). Occasionally they have some specials that are vegetarian like their fried avocado balls (SO GOOD) and a specialty pineapple veggie burger (not as good as the original tbh).

If you have a chance, get yourself to Cucina Zapata!
My Cucina Zapata withdraw was severe after they closed for the winter break. I was so stoked to go back and get my favorite Sweet Potato Curry. 
I wanted to prepare the cash payment AFTER ordering. Then I came to realize that MY WALLET WAS LEFT AT HOME. The embarrassment to tell them that to hold off my order because that situation was real!!

The master cook Nico of the truck said that "no worries, just pay us back next time". As they knew that I was a regular and loyal customer. 

This is the exceptional service that keeps bringing their customers back!!
Wow. I'm currently sitting...I don't know where in the middle of uni city and gorging myself on Cucina Zapata's short rib taco and Captn Crunch tilapia burrito. Yes, I got both because I thought: why not? I'm only here for 24 hrs a la Anthony bourdain. 

First off, you can't miss the colorful truck, which is a good thing bc that is what caught my eye from 1/4 mile away. When I realized that I had found Cucina Zapata, which I had seen on tv, it was jackpot.

Tons of people were already waiting and more were coming despite the truck win on what I would consider food truck row. There must have been at least six others there by everyone was hitting up Zapata.

My order was easy to put in and, as I waited the five min max for my meal, I watched the owner chat people paying. I thought: oh, that's nice, so many return customers. Yes, most were but when my name was called (correct pronunciation, btw), he was so friendly an we had a great albeit brief convo that only made my experience that much better.

I have to say, having such a large following, you would think the owner and the staff would have a big head and feel entitled. NO--they were all so nice and took their time to make EACH customer smile despite the lunch rush. No wonder they have a following.

Couldn't wait to eat so found a spot and first bite of the burrito...amazing! It is truly a hybrid created from a passionate love affair between a south Asian fish dish and a suave Mexican burrito. Yes, they had a brief but passion love affair that seriously blows your taste buds out of the water. The fish is fresh, the coating is crispy...it's an experience that really cannot be conveyed via a simple review.

The same can be said for the short rib taco. Green Thai sauce with fresh avocado, tomato and red cabbage slices...a beautiful concoction. 

I did also get the lemongrass ice tea and it's a bit sweet but very refreshing. I only wish I had more time here to try everything.

I wasn't planning on eating so much for lunch but it's totally worth it. Philly kids--you guys are so lucky to have CZ at your door step. Do you realize that? Don't take it for granted.

Overall: amazing food, amazing service, highly recommended.
After seeing so many great reviews of this food truck, I was very excited to try it for lunch with a friend. The Cap'n Crunch fish taco received rave reviews and was mentioned as the hot menu item many times so I had a cheat day from veg and decided to try a fish burrito. I wish that I hadn't. 

With a name like Cap'n Crunch I figured that they used cereal in the breading for the fish and was looking forward to the sweetness of the crunchy coating mixed with the spice of the sauce.  What I received were two fish filets that tasted like middle school cafeteria fish sticks surrounded by hot sauce, cabbage, lettuce, and two see-through thin slices of avocado. The fish was greasy and didn't taste good. My friend and I both got the same thing and had the same experience, so my pieces of fish were not a fluke (haha fish joke). I also got Thai iced tea which was good but nothing to write home about. 

The people working the truck are friendly and nice. The line moves quickly to order but expect to wait for 15 minutes to receive your food. The prices are decent- I paid $6 for my generous burrito. Philly is a great city for food trucks (which I love), but I didn't find this particular one to be a good representation.
To the naysayers who think that University City's once vibrant food truck scene is dying, I urge all of them to visit Cucina Zapata.  Anchoring a row of food trucks on Ludlow near Drexel, this brightly colored truck delivers fresh, tasty, and stupidly cheap Mexi-Thai fusion.  Yes, you will probably wait a long time, especially if you go during high rush at lunch, but oh my god it is worth it.  Remember when Tyson Bees was the shit?  This is just like that, except better.

With a train to catch at nearby 30th, I came here to grab a quick lunch before heading out of town.  Arriving around 2 during weekday, I waited about 20 mins or so for my food, the much heralded Cap'n Crunch Crusted Tilapia Burrito.  If you're expecting to find the familiar cereal physically crusted on the fish, think again: the coating is more like katsu.  The fish is lightly fried and then rolled up in a tortilla with lettuce, tomato, avocado, and spicy mayo.  The result is a perfect combination sweet, spicy, and savory.  Moreover, the ingredients are so perfectly proportioned inside the burrito, it doesn't even fall apart while eating it, making this normally messy meal quite clean.  It's also just six bucks.

Not only is the food amazing, but the owner is friendly and genuinely cares about his clients.  He's great at establishing the right kind of customer relationship that makes you want to come back for more.  I definitely hope to return soon and maybe try the short rib tacos.
I work at Drexel, and it takes all of my strength not to have a Cap'n Crunch fish over rice every. single. day. The guys here are the best, so passionate about their customers and endlessly creative with their food. Stop by and say hello. Wait can get long but absolutely worth it.

UPDATE: Came to try the chorizo breakfast burrito but it's so popular that the guys were out, but they recognized my name from my Yelp review and insisted on getting me a free soda. Then I ordered the chicken adobo and renounced my lazy fish-eating vegetarianism forever. True story. Anything and everything is fantastic, the fish gets lots of hype (for absolutely good reason) but Zapata can do no wrong. And as if I hadn't already raved about how much they love their customers!
I come to Cucina Zapata way more than I should. What can I say, their food is absolutely delicious. It most certainly isn't what you'd expect from a typical food truck with their flavor packed menu. My favorite things to get are the Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito and their Chicken Katsu. Portions are enough to fill me up on my lunch break and I always leave satisfied with a tasty meal and a full stomach.

Around noon is when they are busiest which when you'll likely have to wait quite a bit longer than usual, but to be honest their food is worth it. My typical order is the chicken katsu with an egg on top. It comes with a nicely crunched chicken fillet on a bed of rice with some avocado and salads on the side along with the option to make it spicy or not (I personally put spicy mayo). Everything is freshly made each day and you can definitely taste it when you dig in. 

The workers there are extremely sociable and always greet you with a smile and they seem like they enjoy serving their customers. This truck will keep me coming for the remainder of my time at Drexel.

Best things to get:

Chicken Katsu Platter
Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito
BBQ Short Ribs
Satay Tacos
Thai, Mango, or Taro tea (w/without bubbles)
While at Drexel University, I decided to try a new food truck and go for something that wasn't the typical food truck.  My girlfriend and I always noticed this place was crowded around lunch but never knew why.  After being recommended to try it by a friend, we decided to go ahead and order lunch here.  Cucina Zapata is at the end of the food truck row at the center of Drexel University's campus.  The truck has a graffiti style design which can be easily distinguished from the other food trucks here.

I decided to order (2) thai short rib tacos while my girlfriend got the cap'n crunch tilapia burrito.  The food has a good visual appearance which made us more eager to eat it once we got inside the building.  I really enjoyed the thai short rib tacos even though they put hot sauce on it.  They were definitely better than the typical taco bell food and left me with a 5 star review feeling inside.  My girlfriend also really enjoyed her burrito.

Overall, this food truck provides very good food at a good price.  I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good lunch.
If you're on this page, you've probably heard some wonderful things about Cucina Zapata. Well, let me tell you something: this is probably the best food truck in Philly. Maybe the best food truck ever. 

First things first-- the food is incredible (check out the cap'n crunch fish burrito for only $6). It's a really large portion of tilapia inside a flour tortilla that's filled with purple cabbage, diced tomato, and avocado, then drizzled with spicy mayo.

The second thing I'd like to point out is the staff, who are always incredibly friendly. The owners of Cucina Zapata love their jobs and take pride in their work.

While the wait is long (sometimes +15 minutes) I definitely recommend coming here.
After reading the outstanding reviews on Yelp, decided to head down and grab a Tilapia burrito and a mango ice tea for lunch...and boy, what a treat!!

Brilliant, fresh, delicious food - The burrito was perfectly wrapped and the fish was fantastically crispy. The spicy sauce was just on the perfect side of hot and wasn't too overpowering. The mango tea was phenomenal. So tasty and more-ish. All up, lunch cost me $8...for that quality - an absolute steal.

The only slight downside is the wait (I waited 15mins) but this is easily offset by the friendly folk serving up their food and completely obliterated by the quality of the food. For those of you nearby, if you're not eating here on a regular basis, you're doing yourself a massive disservice.
This place was AMAZING!! My friends and I got here around 5:30pm on a Friday thinking that we would be able to try their famous captain crunch tilapia burritos. But apppparently, they close at 5pm on Fridays. Heads down, we looked at each other with utter dismay. However, the owner/server saw us and asked, "Are you guys first-timers?" So we said we were! He said, "Ok, I can't turn down first-timers. I can see what I can whip up." He managed to get each of us the tilapia burritos and our other friend the tacos that she wanted. He apologized for making us wait since he  had to turn the grill back on for us, even though the burritos literally came out within 5-7 minutes. 

I had the tilapia burrito and it was amazing!! BIG!, delicious spicy mayo, great piece of fried and battered tilapia. I also ordered their Thai tea. Now as someone who lived in Thailand for a few months, that was some legit Thai tea, and so cheap too -- only $2. Definitely recommend - 5 stars for service, price, food/drink and definitely staff.
I had heard great things about this truck and I figured it was about time to check it out.  Although I have not so fond memories of Drexel..I walked over to the campus during lunch from work.

It was a brutally windy cold day but the walk was about 10 mins.  Cucina Zapata was the last truck behind the CAT building.  I came right around noon and there was a crazy line.  I ordered the short rib taco and chicken satay taco ("one and one") for $6.  Unfortunately it was really windy out so the wait felt incredibly long.  I'd say about 25-30 mins.  By the time I walked back to work, my lunch hour was over.  

Fortunately the tacos were great.  Perfectly spicy with enough heat.  Both tacos were loaded up with fresh veggies.  They both had good flavor but I think the short rib was the better of the two.  The chicken satay had a great curry/nutty taste with heat.  

The guy in the truck was super nice.  The only downfall was the wait.  

4.5 star, I'd definitely come back on a warmer day.
The hardest part about working in Philadelphia is trying to not spend your whole paycheck on food. I work directly in between Drexel University and University of Pennsylvania and this section of Philly has an abundance of food trucks to choose from. One of the most well know and popular food trucks in the area is Cucina Zapata. Their food truck is always located in "Food Truck Alley" on Drexel's campus on the corner of 31st and Ludlow and it's almost guaranteed to always have a line.

Cucina Zapata is owned and operated by the Zapata family and states on their Facebook page that they have Asian and Mexican fusion dishes that combine bold and exciting flavors with modern comfort foods. I really couldn't have explained their style of food better myself! The offer gourmet tasting food at college budget based prices and I will warn you, it's addictive!

They are best known for, my personal favorite, their Cap'n Crunch-Crusted Tilapia Burrito. It's a huge burrito that includes two filets that are breaded in cereal crumbs and deep fried with red cabbage, iceberg lettuce, diced tomatoes, avocado, and sriracha mayo on a flour tortilla. The combination packes a punch of flavor, crunch, and spice that is seriously delicious and like nothing I've ever tried before! It comes in an option of spicy or not. I've tried both and I personally prefer not spicy but my coworkers strongly disagree as they feel the extra sriracha is the perfect touch. The best part, it's all for only $6 (cash only).

I've also tried their Beef Short Rib Tacos. These are served similar to the burrito, with red cabbage, iceberg lettuce, diced tomatoes, avocado, and sriracha on a flour tortilla. They come as a choice of one, two, or three tacos. The short rib is juicy and flavorful and the combination of everything together is amazing!

They also have other menu items that I still have yet to try. One of my coworkers eats lunch here everyday (no lie literally everyday) and always gets the Chicken Satay or the Chicken Katsu. Also, while waiting in line I've noticed that their Thai Teas are very popular with the college students. I'm going to have to give those a try next and report back.
Remember when Tyson Bee's first came out, before the disappointing change in management, and everyone was raving about its crazy food truck innovation and tremendous fusion of flavors??

Well, THIS is the new THAT.

I've never had anything quite like the food here. It's a little bit Thai, a little bit Mexican, and one hundred percent amazing. The Cap'n Crunch crusted tilapia burrito is one of those masterpieces that hinders me from keeping entirely vegetarian. Its subtle sweetness works perfectly with the spicy sauce, huge avocado chunks, and crisp greens. The veggie burger is also solid, and the curries all look fantastic.

This would totally be a fiver in my book if it weren't for the painfully long wait time. Since the food is so darn good, I might be able to forgive this, but the way they taunt you with incredibly tantalizing aromas is just cruel.
This is, honestly, the best food truck in Philly! Their price point is perfect for a filling meal for lunch. I usually get the chicken katsu platter, which costs $6. Some days, I like to add on an avocado or egg for a small, additional fee. I've also heard good things about the Cap'n Crunch tilapia burrito/platter.

Every time I've gone, there's been a bit of a wait, both with ordering and finally getting the food. I've learned to come a couple of minutes before noon, which is when they open, to be one of the first people in line.

Also, they're responsive on their Facebook page and make sure to post when they take the day off.  If you post photos of your meal and tag them, they like sharing them to their page as well. And on my recent birthday, they were super nice and treated me to a refreshing thai tea (:
Easily some of the best food truck food I have ever eaten! Great prices and insanely creative options. Definitely nothing else like this being served at neighboring food trucks. I got the Cap'n Crunch burrito for only $6. It's HUGE. I was full halfway through but ate the whole thing anyway. The only downside is that it's cash only. Can't wait to go back!
Finally made it here today.  It's been a handful of hours and i'm still stuffed from lunch!  It was peak lunch time when we arrived at the truck so we expected to wait a bit for our orders to come out.  But no worries the guys work very quickly to get your orders so you can stuff the goodness in your belly.  I came specifically for the cap'n crunch tilapia and it was great.  It had two fried tilapia fillets, avocados, salad mix, and awesome sauce.  They asked if i liked spicy so they added extra sauce to my order.  I also got the jasmine green tea with boba topped with whip.  It was a nice sweet treat.  I would definitely order both again.  The guy devoured his two braised short rib taco with extra spicy sauce.  They hooked it up with some garlic fried peanuts with fried red hot peppers.  I love fried garlic so this was a hit to me, the peppers definitely adds a nice spicy kick.  The prices are very reasonable, you won't get ripped off with quantity and quality.  Not only was the food great but the guys were very friendly and nice.  Overheard a girl asking if they accept cc and unfortunately they don't but they offered for her to just get them back the next day.  Just be careful with the PPA, they almost got us today.  I'll be sure to come back for more!
ONE OF THE BEST FOOD TRUCKS IN PHILADELPHIA!

This is coming from a person that doesn't like trying to things, extremely picky, and not very daring... EVERYTHING on their menu is so good and filling! My favorites are veggie burger wrap which is $5 (instead of veggie burger, it'll be in a tortilla, but somehow 10x better) and chicken satay tacos (2 for $7). Their thai bubble tea is extremely tasty too! 

Beware of the long lines though (try to avoid going anytime from 11:45-12:30, if you do, expect a long wait, and no you cannot call ahead and order). If you're a Drexel student, go in between class, guaranteed no line! 

CASH ONLY
Fantastic.  I've had everything and it's all fantastic.  Love their experimental menus.  People are awesome and friendly.  They are very clean as well.  You can't go wrong with anything you get.  I see a lot of reviews for the tea, but the coffee wins hands down!  
Lately I have really been enjoying the short rib tacos.  They are great!  I really like the curry but its so much food I can't usually finish it and I hate wasting.  
There is always a wait, but it's worth it.  

This is where it's at people, if there were open on the weekends or had a restuarant, i'd eat there even more! :)
Fish burrito= amazing and filling. Huge crispy pieces of fish, some lettuce, tomato, avocado and spicy mayo, all for $6? Such a great deal. The avocado did get a bit lost in the rest of the ingredients though but I can forgive that.

Chicken satay tacos (3 for $8) were also good with an interesting fusion of flavors- sweet&savory. Thai iced tea ($2) was a tad too sweet but overall, tasty food at a good price!
Was visiting Philly and wanted a snack at 3pm. This was the highest rated food truck in Philly on Yelp so I had to check it out. It's located in somewhat of a back alley on the Drexel campus where there are literally a dozen food trucks lined up. It's the last one at the end. The guys running this truck are super energetic and upbeat. It's obvious they love what they do.

short rib tacos ($3 each) - thai-mexican fusion with peanuts, crunchy onions and cabbage, marinated chunks of short rib, avocado, and tomatoes with a spicy sauce over everything. It's good, I'm not gonna lie. The combination of flavors and textures works, but if I had to be nitpicky, the short ribs were a bit too chewy and there was a bit too much sauce which masked the flavor of certain ingredients, like the avocado.

Overall, the food didn't surpass my expectations. The food itself deserves 4 stars-excellent but not out of this world. I actually think Jolly Pig in Baltimore makes better fusion tacos. However, I've never been to a food truck where I could so easily tell that the owner (Mr. Zapata) was sincerely trying to make people's days better in the short interactions he has with each customer and in the food he sells to them. For that, this place gets 5 stars.
Best food truck hands down. I've been here twice and both times I ordered the Cap'n crunch burrito - spicy. Words can't even describe how tasty this is. The Thai tea is also amazing. I want to try the tacos next time I'm here. 

Their prices are very reasonable for a gourmet food truck.
So I'm pretty sure I haven't stopped raving about this truck since I first tried it after work a couple of months ago. Finally got around to writing a review for it! 
The chicken satay tacos are SOOO good. Get two and a thai tea and you will be full! The chicken is very flavorful and the tacos are pretty big, topped with lettuce, red cabbage, tomatoes, some sort of sauce and avocado slices. Very fresh, crunchy flavors that balance out the curry chicken satay. 2 for $6. Maybe a little steep for food from a truck but trust me, the tacos are even better than some that I've had at a sit-down restaurant! for real. 
Next, chicken katsu over rice. Again, very flavorful and unexpected from a lunch truck. Around 5 bucks and so worth it! But as a heads up, they are always out after the lunch rush... 

I have yet to try the captain crunch talapia because I've been sticking to my tacos but next time I stop by, I'll give it a try.
I can understand why there was hype about this place. They definitely use quality ingredients and does not taste like food from a lunch truck! Kind of more expensive compared to the ten other trucks on the same block but its the only place you can get your thai/indian/mexican fusion fix!!
I almost hate to write too glowing of a review for this place because I worry people will discover it and the lines will become ridiculous! But it's really too good not to share. A friend and I stumbled across this place one day and it's now become our go-to. Whatever you do, GET THE TILAPIA BURRTO. Don't let the captain crunch scare you because somehow it works. The short rib tacos sell out if you arrive too late in the day, but I actually prefer the chicken anyway. And the curry is sweet, savory, and piping hot. The katsu is probably my least favorite thing on the menu, and I even love that. Everything from the tortilla to the rice, and even the garnishes and sauces at this place are perfectly made and balanced. DEFINITELY worth a visit!
I don't usually write reviews of established businesses with ratings that I already agree with, but I'm writing one here because they're so awesome. These guys should write the manual for running a food truck. 

First, the food is amazing. But you already knew that from all the other reviews. So I won't waste your time here.

Second, the price point is, well, on point. There are lots of ways to combine things to get very full on less than $8. Actually, better than on point if you know how to order off the written menu. (Ask some locals if you wanna know.)

Which brings me to the third, and arguably most important point. The guys running the truck are simply amazing people. I know this review is supposed to be about the food, but the quality of the place is totally reflected in the attitude of the guys running it. Even if you're having a bad day and order rudely with a resting b* face frown, just talking to these guys will make you feel better. You can tell these guys really love to get to know their customers, and its not a show. 

I'll end with a story. One day they had red vegetable curry as their special, and I asked if there was any meat in it, which obviously there wasn't. So I decided to go with the chicken satay over salad (there's an off menu item!). But seeing I was interested in the curry, Robert asked me if I wanted to try some of it - he would put some on the side for free! I was expecting a tiny sample, but it was a sizable scoop, and it made the chicken over salad amazing. For $6! Definitely one of the most memorable food truck meals I've ever had.
This little food truck is not always known to everyone but one of the best food trucks I've gone to.

What's good:
The tilapia burrito with the sauce it's provided with
The rice bowls
The tacos
Pretty much anything on the menu is good

Tips:
Lines are pretty long at meal times
Like most food trucks, they take only cash

Anecdote:
One time I brought an entire Penn freshman hall here because I like it so much, and the cook gave me a free Pellegrino lemon soda.
hands down- best place in the city! 

delicious! affordable! friendly service! I can't say enough good things about this place.
Had the chicken katsu dish here with a friend this past month, and absolutely fell in love. Although the wait time isn't ideal (it is PACKED during peak hours, especially right at the 12:00-1:00pm lunch window) but the food quality and taste is so worth it. The flavors are just strong enough, and every bite was truly delicious. 100% would go back and recommend!
As a Drexel University undergrad, I hit up Cucina Zapata at least twice a week, and I've been completely satisfied every time. The line is usually pretty long around lunch time (about a 20-30 min wait between standing in line to order and receiving your food), but it's completely worth it. The owners of the truck are just about the friendliest people on earth. They make an effort to remember everyone's names and special requests (in my case, a peanut allergy), which is a daunting task with the amount of traffic that they get. 

My absolute favorite dish is their Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito. Fried fish, fresh avocado, pico de gallo, lettuce, and spicy mayo wrapped in a burrito (but also made to order over rice if that's what you're feeling). Ringing in at $6, the price can't be beat, and it'll leave you full for hours to come. Other dishes that I've tried and loved include the chicken katsu, veggie burger, and the mac & cheese avocado balls. To top it off, their iced Thai coffee is a perfect pick-me-up on days you're feeling a little tired. 

Overall, just about my favorite spot in Philadelphia. I recommend it to all!
Cucina Zapata is a hopping food truck offering an eclectic fusion of Japanese and Mexican cuisine. Enjoy Japanese katsu, panko-breaded fish, or a burrito, all with copious amounts of sauce and sriracha. My katsu entree was quite good, though the accompaniments of rice and lettuce were a bit dull. I'd recommend adding the fried egg for just $0.50, to make the meal a bit more interesting. On the whole, the flavor intensity was high, and the prices were fair (around $6), so check out Cucina Zapata next time you're around the Drexel campus and want a casual lunch.
I moved to Boston 2 years ago and I STILL think about my lunch breaks here when I worked at Drexel. The chicken katsu is the best i've ever had in my life. Next time I'm back in Philly this will be one of my first stops!
Long line waiting for this food truck and there's a good reason why. It's close to campus, cheap, quick and delicious. It's impressive how quick they get the food out to you considering how many people wait in line. I had the Cap'n Crunch Burrito and it had a good serving of fish (3 large pieces!) for only $6. I plan to come back again to try more from the menu!
I had heard great things about Cucina Zapata and tried it this past week for the first time. I tried the Cap'n Crunch Crusted Tilapia Burrito and and the Thai Ice Coffee with Bubbles. The Burrito was really good - I loved the blend of flavors! I enjoyed the Thai Ice Coffee too and appreciated that they have the option to put bubbles in it. The staff was also very friendly. 

The only reason I gave this food truck 4 stars instead of 5 is because the wait to get food can be a little too long. I went here at around 1:30pm and had to wait about half an hour to get my food despite the fact that there were only 4-5 people in front of me in line. Will definitely go back there nonetheless!
The best food truck, hands down in the area! Everything on their menu that I have tried is mouth watering. I have gotten 4 co-workers hooked on them and many of my friends go there on the regular. 

I have heard from many that they have the best veggie burgers in the city, but my favorite and regular addiction is the cap'n crunch tilapia burrito/tacos. This is truly gourmet flavor fusion. The sweetness of the cap'n crunch breading mixed with the flaky fish that melts in your mouth, topped with tangy sauces and creamy avocado slices. You can't ask for anything better. 

Don't go when you are in a rush, unless you get there right when they open. This cart is so popular the wait can be up to an hour for food and they run out most days before their hours end.
After hearing all the rave about Philly food trucks, I was heavily disappointed until I found this truck.  Short rib tacos were not as good as advertised but the tilapia burrito and chicken Katsu were even better than hyped up to be!  Yum, yum.
I've heard all the hype about this place and can't help but feel like I got gypped. I went on a Thursday around Noon and ordered 3 shortrib tacos for $8. The line was not that long, probably a 15 minute wait. I came back to my desk, sat down, opened the box and my first thought was wow these are pretty. 5 star presentation for a boxed food truck lunch. My tacos had heaping mounds of avocado, fresh cabbage, and all the other veggies. However, I had a hard time locating the short rib. I wondered at first if I was accidentally given a veggie tacos. I dug around and found two quarter sized pieces of short rib in each taco. What gives? Did they run out of meat?  Take a look at the photos, there was barely any meat! I'm giving 3 stars because the flavors of the sauce and the veggies were quite good but I was highly disappointed with the lack of short rib.
My friend and I arrived about 10 min before opening on a weekday, and there was already a line of people pre-ordering. Then when the truck officially opened at noon, two lines formed: one receiving new orders and the other calling out names whose foods were ready. We ordered chicken satay tacos, cap'n crunch burrito, and mango tea. I would've loooooved to try the short ribs taco but they didn't serve them for that day for some reason. They were all delicious!! The foods all looked delectable too, with all the different colors. Honestly I have never seen so many people wait in line for food truck to open. Great food, fast service, friendly people, and affordable. Definitely recommend it
Four words. CAPTAIN CRUNCH TILAPIA BURRITO. I was a little skeptical at first, but it lived up to every raving review. The staff is really friendly, and they are willing to correct the order if there is a mistake (despite how busy they are). 

The line is usually pretty long, but it moves relatively fast, and it's totally worth it!
Uggh... another overambitious trying-to-be-trendy food truck. I'm surpised it lasted this long. 

I've seen it there for years, but only ate at Cucina for the first time today, for fear of OVERHYPE. My worst fear was true. I got the Cap'n Crucn Tilapia Burrito. Not only does it have nothing to do with Cap'n Crunch, but something like thing could barely be called a burrito. It's a wrap with two extemely bland fried patties of fish, some salad (cold lettuce, tomato, and cabbage) and spicy mayo, exactly none of which goes well with eat the others. I threw it out after eating half of it. And I really don't like wasting food, but it was just that bad.
Among the food trucks at Drexel University, Cucina Zapata is definitely in my top 3 favorite trucks on campus. What I like about the food trucks at Drexel is that they are priced to not interfere with students' tight food budget. They are priced not high or low, but definitely cheaper than a lot food vendors that is owned by the school or neighboring stores like Shake Shack, Cozara, and etc. Another thing I like about Cucinas is the friendly staff, creativity, and uniqueness of the food they make for the customers. 

Cucina Zapata features a fusion of Thai and Mexican, such as tacos, burrito, katsu, bubble tea, and much more. The first I recommend is the satay chicken soft tacos (1 for $3, 2 for $6, 3 for $8) because I know they can get me full. The lettuce, the peanut sauce, spicy mayo, chicken, and the soft taco; the combination is amazing and the taste when it enters in your mouth is so satisfying. The second thing I would recommend is the Captain Crunch Tilapia Burrito. I know right..just the name of the food gives you wonder and joy. The tilapia's crunchy coat (Captain Crunch cereal) is the key and what makes this burrito delicious. The third thing is the Chicken Katsu. For just $6, this dish is packed with so much flavor: spicy mayo and siracha. This is definitely a must get!

On top of this, the tea here is a bit better than other popular locations, such as Tea Do and Kung Fu Tea. I love the homemade thai tea or taro tea and definitely recommend others to get this if you love this curiously orange colored tea with bubbles. After ordering these food that Cucina offers, not only it tasted so good consistently, but also I was able to tell about the creativity: it's Cucina's strong suit. 

There are so many food trucks on campus, but Cucina Zapata is no doubt my top three most favorite food truck at Drexel University campus.
I have actually been meaning to check out Cucina Zapata since it won the People's Choice at the 2011 Vendy Awards...I really have no good excuse for why it took me so long, but I'm glad I finally made it! Inventive dishes, fresh ingredients, great prices. These people love their food and care about the entire culinary experience that goes along with it.

I got there at around 1:20pm on a Wednesday, and the wait for my food was about ten minutes, which was not as bad as I was expecting from what people had warned me. I ordered one short rib taco and one chicken satay taco along with a Thai iced tea. I was absolutely delighted when I cracked open my styrofoam box: two pretty sizeable tacos with giant slices of fresh avocado smiling up at me! Aesthetically beautiful and delicious too. I found the short rib taco to be better than the chicken satay, which was a little on the dry side. The Thai iced tea was also a little too sweet, so I would recommend specifically asking for it to be made less sweet. However, the short rib taco was incredibly juicy, tender, and well-seasoned. And of course, it came with wonderfully friendly service. Cucina Zapata really delivers the full package.

I'm looking forward to trying the burrito next! Oozing with jealousy this truck isn't on Penn's campus!
This is a Drexel landmark. If you are on campus during a week day that is not Monday you MUST COME HERE. I have had pretty much everything on the menu, but now I order pretty much solely the captain crunch tilapia burrito, extra spicy. I sadly only get the have this once every few months these days after moving out of West Philly, but just had it last week and it continues to be the best lunch of campus, by far. Do yourself a favor and stop by CZ.
I love this place so so much. This is by far my favorite food truck. Its so creative and delicious and the owners are so nice. They give my friend and I free thai tea all the time just because. Thai Mexican? So delicious. When I lived by here, I would beg my roommate to go every week. We both craved it constantly. any taco is fantastic there. chicken satay or short rib? yum! They have a captain crunch burrito that is huge and tasty. I'm mad I don't have one right now while I'm writing this. Even the veggie burger is fantastic there. No body whose been here has ever been disappointed. The spicy sauce and toppings just make it.
This was interesting...I had the short rib tacos and although it was good, it didn't really wow me. The salsa on top of it was really strange; I didn't like how it fit in with the other flavors. The tea was solid, albeit a tad expensive. I expect good food and cheap prices at food trucks, particularly in this area (just because there are so many food trucks that do well), but this isn't somewhere I'd trek more than 4 blocks for.
I've eaten here quite a few times now, and every time I have been extremely pleased with the service and quality.  Today I ordered the sweet potato chicken curry with rice, and it was possibly the best food truck lunch I have ever had.

Rich and flavorful, but not oily or overly salty.  A dish with a good level of spice, deep color, and eye pleasing presentation all served piping hot.  I'm always surprised when I get gourmet food for 5$ in a back alley from a hand painted van.

I got lucky, as my order of curry was the last one, so go early if you don't want to risk food selling out.

Also great - tilapia taco, fresh thai iced tea and coffee, and thai tacos

People's choice award winner at this year's Phiadelphia Vendy's as well!
The service is impeccable. The menu is a direct representation of having specialty items and doing them well. I eat and could eat one or more everyday. I love the Sweet potato currry and the veggie curry. I have half of my work going here. It's by far the best truck on the strip. It's always jumpin, and the prices are fair.
I have pretty much tried everything on the menu except for a couple of items. The food is out of this world flavorful and the prices cannot be beat. I don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu. The staff are super friendly and it's always a pleasure boat experience when I go. I try to get there before the lunch crowd as the wait time is too long for me. I'm looking forward to rounding off my experience and making sure I've had everything on the menu. I hope there will be some new items in the future to try.
Cucina's is one of the best food trucks on Drexel's campus. It's also a quick walk over from Penn's campus. You get delicious food and huge portion sizes for cheap. The food is a fusion between Asian and Mexican. The Cap N' Crunch Tilapia platter is $7 and the burrito version is $6. I love how they're really generous with their sauces and they cover the entire tilapia with sriracha and mayonnaise. The food truck is really popular so whenever I go there's always a line. But they get the food out really quickly and I've never had to wait that long.

My only complaint is that their hours are really short. They're open from 12pm-6pm on Monday-Thursday and 12pm-5pm on Friday's. Note they're closed on weekends and it's cash only.
Food truck got legs! I have been visiting Drexel University for about 5 years now and I'm lucky to still be able to get the chicken satay tacos from Zapata. These people have been the first truck I go to and the first truck on the street since forever. A short bit sweet menu and everything comes out hot fresh and fast. The people are friendly and the prices are great. 
This food truck is awesome. Come here get some Thai fusion street food from them and see what I mean.
Cucina Zapata is the first food truck in the row of them across the parking lot from my office and I had always walked past it, not quite sure of its offerings. Not until I saw a friend's 4-exclamation-mark status for her lunch on Facebook, did I decide to give it a try. I was really missing out before!

The menu is a bit of  a Thai/Mexican/Fillipino/Mid-Eastern fusion. My friend was all in love with the Thai Taco but my personal favorite is the Chicken Satay Taco. Peanut sauce chicken with avocado, tomato, lettuce and a spicy mayo sauce in a soft taco shell. I am getting hungry here just writing about it. And it only costs $5 for 2 overstuffed tacos. Think Imma go get 2 for lunch now!

BTW, if you are like me who tend to eat lunch late after the lunch rush. Be prepared to have the popular items like the above mentioned two sold out by the time you get to the truck. ~heart break~


ps. just tried the Captain Crunch Tilapia taco seeing reviews from other reviewers. I am a little weary ordering seafood from a truck especially something fried. I survived unscathed and the fish taco was yummy!
Everything these guys prepare is amazing! And they are the kindest, most pleasant food truck operators that you'll ever encounter.  Go back again and again and try as much on the menu as you possibly can. A good place to start, the chicken katsu, order it with all the sauces aka "bossin'" (you'll thank me later) and if you're feeling  extra adventurous, get the sliced avocado and egg on top. It's an incredible combination. I have no idea where these guys dreamed this stuff up, but I'm sure glad they did!

And don't forget to grab a Thai tea!
Never did I think I would buy fish out the back of a truck. But on the way to the Boltbus, I visited my old stomping grounds at Drexel. (Go Dragons!) It's amazing how big of a food truck mecca it has become. 

The guys were very friendly and recommended the Cap'n Crunch tilapia burrito. He sung such high praises that I felt I couldn't not get it. Luckily, I didn't regret my decision. The fish was tender and flaky with great sweetness and crunch from the cereal crust. The sauce is really what makes it for me. 

Maybe it was a little rude of me to eat a fish burrito on a bus.... but sorry I'm not sorry because it was so so good.
I make a stop here at least once a week for my fish over rice fix. Delicious.

I normally get the Tilapia or Chicken Katsu over rice platters. It's fried fish or chicken over a decent service of rice. It comes with a small amount of lettuce, avocado, tomatoes, and onions. They drizzle some spicy mayo and sriachia on top if you want it spicy. It comes to about $6. 

They offer the same thing in a burrito/wrap form, too. I personally don't prefer this because I like to control my portions of rice + meat with every bite.

The curries are pretty strong and flavorful.

Their drinks are pretty good. Best Thai tea on campus. They also offer Taro Tea, which is a purple drink -- it's basically a sweet yam/potato drink. The sweet iced kalamansi drink is similar to a refreshing honey-lemonade tea. All $2. 

Tip 1: If you order a drink with no ice, they give you a very small cup to make up for the difference. Smart on their part.

Tip 2: This place is cash only and the line can be VERY long. If you come during a rush, expect to wait about 15 minutes before getting your lunch.. 

Tip 3: If you come too late, they might run out of certain menu items. This happens quite often, actually.
Two all fish filets, special sauce, lettuce, red cabbage, tomato, avocado - on a flour tortilla skin. The Cap'n Crunch Tilapie Burrito is subtleyly sweet from the cereal crumb breading and spicy from the sauce. You also get crunch from the veggies and deep fried fish filet, and you also get the opposite of crunch from the tomatoes and avocados. Everything all mixed together gives you an amazing blend of texture and flavors.

The asian-mexican cuisine that comes out of this grafiti-stylized food truck is exactly what I want for quality street food. Filling but not overly full and great flavors. Service is top notch and the line can be dreadful at lunch time so you gotta come early! Come too late in the afternoon and the good stuff will be sold out. Don't be shy of the huge crowd - go up to the window, order, leave your name, step back, and wait patiently for your name to be called.
Excellent food and great people! I'm a fan. It is my new go-to lunch spot now. Thanks guys! Keep being awesome!
I've tried everything in the menu and I must say everything  is so good . Short rib tacos omg delicious  truly my fav!!!
This is the best food truck on the planet! The curry chicken is amazing and Cap'N Crunch roll is out of this world. You have to get to the truck early during the week, otherwise the food sells out quickly since they make 1 large batch per day.
One of the best philly tacos I had so far it was worth the wait . I had the short ribs tacos it was delicious. The favor was decent. Staffs  was very friendly and helpful, since it was my first time there and i didn't know what to get. 
Just thinking about it,  I want to grab some more maybe I'll try the crunchy tilapia tacos or burritos.
Thai and tacos, who would've thought they'd make such a great combination?  There's a reason this place hidden in a Drexel alleyway has received so much attention as of late...it's THAT good!  I noticed that today their prices had gone up by $1 for the Chicken Satay Tacos, only about a month ago they were $5 and now they're $6.  Still worth it in my opinion but the $1 increase is just at the far end of what's affordable for me.  Also, avoid the lunch rush as much as possible, its line can be long and so can its wait!
I found this place through an Instagram photo, then I saw the place on yelp; I had to check it out since it had such great reviews. I went there around 2:30 yesterday, there wasn't a long line, thank God! I order so many things from their menu, for example, the Thai short rib tacos, satay chicken tacos, cap n crunch tilapia burrito, and the chicken katsu platter with egg and a Thai tea; everything was absolutely delicious!!! My most favorite one was the cap n crunch burrito, it's so tasty and crunchy; it had a lot of flavor. You can tell they use high quality ingredients, and the guy working behind the truck was super friendly! Great customer service, I would definitely come back and get more!
I love this food truck. They have the tastiest street foods like their captain crunch tilapia burrito. Who would've thought of that? The fried fish is so flakey and delicious, paired with fresh cabbage, tomatoes, avocado and Sriracha mayo. I have also tried their katsu and curry chicken which are so rich in flavor. Their Thai tea is also on point! So much to offer from a small food truck. I live in Jersey and I have driven here many times just to get food. They are so friendly and provide great food at a great price.
I had Cucina Zapata for the first time last week and it did not disappoint! I ended up getting the Cap'n Crunch tilapia burrito and it was delicious. It was a huge burrito, stuffed to the max, and only $6!! My co-workers say cucina zapata is one of, if not the best food trucks you can find by Drexel's campus, and they're not wrong. However, because of their popularity, expect to wait a few minutes for your order- the wait wasn't too bad, but just be aware there might be a line to order as well as a line to pick up.
If they had better hours, I would be there daily. Chicken Katsu with Thai Iced tea is my typical order but the short rib tacos are great as well. Compared to other food trucks the food here tastes clean and I don't feel gross afterwards. Always excited to go back!
These guys really deserve the five stars.  They work so hard.  Even if they put avocado on something when I ask for it without avocado, or if my veggie burger is slightly crisper than I'd like, I have to remember that they have dozens of customers lining up to order at any given time of day, and only a few people working in the truck.  Their food is consistently phenomenal, and they're such a friendly bunch of people!

The food is delicious; the veggie burger is my favorite in the whole city, especially because they top it off with cabbage alongside the lettuce and tomato.  It's a stroke of genius, in my opinion - the extra crunch elevates the whole burger.  I enjoy their spicy mayo on everything.  The vegetarian curry they occasionally have is pretty delicious; I love the flavor of the sweet potatoes.  I'd like to try the tilapia over rice sometime, and my coworkers think that their breakfast specials are phenomenal (although I can't eat any of their current specials).

I'd also like to reiterate how friendly the staff are at Cucina.  Seriously nice folks.

Be aware that there is a good chance that you'll be waiting for half an hour or longer for your food.  If you don't have that kind of time for lunch, don't come here and feel insulted when your food takes longer than you intended to wait.  They're working their butts off.  Additionally, they DO NOT take cards.  I mentioned this in the survey, but I think it's important to note here, too.
Love this place! Their tilapia burrito is amazingly delicious! They took orders pretty fast but there is always a long line there. I would suggest avoid the lunch break time - it gets way too packed.
I'm a vegetarian. I get their veggie burger and this burger is so good, non-vegetarians have recommended it to me.. Try it before judging it!

Just wish they had more vegetarian options-Fridays they have veggie curries but it tastes just like the curries you get at lemon grass.. Etc. 
I've also had their Thai tea which is a bit too milky for me but it's also really good. 
And to top it off, they're very friendly and they're Drexel alumni!
Captain crunch burrito!! Veggie burger!! And Thai tea!! You cannot go wrong with those items. For 6 bucks, you get a burrito stuffed with fish, veggies, avocados, and some special spicy sauce.. amazing! My husband goes there whenever he Is working in the city and he makes sure he orders an extra one for me. It's a wait, but it's definitely worth it.
Not a bad place at all!!! We ordered the captain crunch fish platter. The give you a nice size fish, a lot of rice, some salad and avocado. Unfortunately this time they not only forgot the avocado on but didn't give us the extra avocado. They didn't say if they ran out- they just didn't give it to us. We didn't realize it until we got back to the office. We definitely didn't want to go back. We also asked that the one platter have less rice more salad and it seems like the complete opposite was done. Nonetheless, the food was still good. They were very nice and pleasant. Fairly quick service. With the cold, I wonder  if they take phone orders.... I would definitely go back- but next time, I will check my order.
Believe me when I say that Cucina Zapata is the best. Please. Everyone is so friendly and has a smile on their face for every customer that walks up to the truck, be it a regular or a newbie. 
It's a little walk to the end of the alley, but it is so worth it.

One day, I couldn't find my wallet to pay them, and I was in a rush. They told me to enjoy my food and come back later when I found my wallet. It was shoved in the deepest depths of my backpack, but that doesn't change the fact that they were so understanding.

I love Cucina Zapata, and I'd be more than happy to spend another year of tuition at Drexel just to be able to eat their food. #internationalstudentproblems

Food recommended*:
Chicken Katsu
Tilapia Burritos
Fish Katsu
Tea and bubbles/boba

*literally everything, but the above are my favourites. They also give you a decent amount of food, so don't worry about being hungry in 20 minutes if you're like me
THIS IS IT - MY 100TH YELP REVIEW (thunderous applause plz). I knew I wanted to make this one special, so this one goes out to one of my very favorite eats in Philadelphia!

Cucina Zapata. No dispute about it - the best food truck in Philly. I could eat here every single day (if only it was closer to Penn!). Famous for their $6 super tasty and filling Captain Crunch Tilapia burrito, Cucina serves the most delicious fusion food for bargain deals! The people working at this food truck are consistently friendly and kind, even when they're super busy or facing inclement weather. They remember their regular customers by name and greets everyone with a smile :)

It does require somewhat of a commitment to obtain their food though - the lines get very busy and long during peak hours, and they're only open during lunch/afternoon hours. I suppose that's only validates how it is legit. so. good. 

So yes, you have to work for your food here but I love to bring friends here for the best kind of food truck experience. My mission for this upcoming year is to discover the origins of their business and to learn what their name means - Cucina Zapata, what a mysterious and wonderful place!
If you are looking to stretch your dollar and get the most amount of decent quality food and live near the colleges; look no further. The food is good but defiantly not worth going out of your way to come here. If you don't have a choice and have to get something in the area then this might be a good option.
Love this place. Best food truck in Philly and the people working are great. I've only tried a few items but I was hooked with the captain crunch talapia burrito. Also the Taro Tea was delicious. I would recommend anyone that stops in philly and your buy the train station you have to stop by and try some of there food. It's fresh it's delicious and there is always a line and you know that means everyone around know they are the best.
In my opinion this is the single best food cart in Philadelphia (and I've tried them all).

There are some downsides that I will get out of the way first: at noon-1pm the wait is 20 minutes or more. That is because this place is packed by marauding Drexel students looking for food.

Their veggie burger is absolutely out of this world. I do not know what they do to it, but it is good. And it is $4. That's right. 4 dollar lunch that's fantastic (be warned that the veggie burger takes longer than the other dishes since they have to grill up the patty). Their tacos are amazing too, although pricier. (It's still worth it).

If you are around the Penn/Drexel area, hungry, and it's not peak time, you have to eat here. There's simply no contest. And if it's peak time, you should really give it a shot. But you'll have to wait in line behind a bunch of folks. And me. Because I'm there almost daily.
OMG one of the best fish tacos I ever had. Fried just right a great amount of dressing and very heavy in your hand.  

My daughter had a cheese quesadilla and I have never heard her say she loved a food but she finished it along with the pico de gallo she never eats all her food. Even tho it wasn't on the menu they made it for her cause she was sad Lol thanks Guys!!!
My favorite food truck on campus. You know its good when there is a huge line waiting for the truck to open at 12. Fusion of thai and mexican. I always end up getting the chicken katsu. The burrito and the fish tacos I have to say are pretty great as well. Good portion size. Lots of flavors. Worth the wait. Check it out.
I don't get what the hype is about. I went after the lunch rush so only waited for five minutes, but would not give up my lunch hour to wait for this. I ordered the chicken satay tacos and they were terribly underwhelming. The chicken was fairly bland and dry compared to the satay chicken I've had in restaurants, and the toppings (cabbage, avocado and what looks like an aioli) do nothing to enhance a meh flavor profile. Sriracha helps but not enough to make it a winner, and since it's an add-on I think it should be delicious even without. 

The whole dish needs more acid and seasoning - ginger, lime, pineapple, tomato - something! Grilling the chicken wouldn't hurt, either. I may go one more time to try the short rib tacos, but it won't be a priority. Two stars for the service, which was very kind, polite, and quick.

I know that food trucks are about proximity more than anything, but Tacos Don Memo or Honest Tom's are far superior cheap University City taco experiences. Perhaps it's just that I no longer have undergraduate taste buds...
I had high expectations for Cucina Zapata given the stellar Yelp reviews as well as the recommendations I've gotten from my friends. I feel weird being the odd one out with an average rating, but I really can't give it anything more.

I came here at about 1 pm, and apparently the line was much shorter than usual. Even though we were at the front of the line, it was hard to get the dude to take my order, which was annoying. Eventually, he took my order, and I decided to get the Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito, since i have heard good things.

Honestly, I wasn't raving about the burrito. It was pretty good, but I wasn't like DAMNNNN, ya know? It just seemed like a fish burrito with sriracha and some vegetables in it to me. Maybe they had a bad day or something with my burrito. I don't know.

I will probably try this again soon, and maybe I'll try the tea and the tacos next time. Maybe I'll feel it next time!
Found about them today, saw great pics on IG and was convinced! Sent my boyfriend to pick us up a few things since he works in the area (he was less than convinced to say the least... Lol! it is a truck after all)..... He had a little trouble finding it because he went down Chestnut instead of Market but said the guy on the truck was really cool and said they could also make any dish over rice as opposed to a taco. He calls me 5 mins after getting our food (2 fish burritos and one veggie burger) and says please get online right now and write a review saying this is the best fish taco I have ever had in my life... He meant burrito but was obviously have a foodgasm.... Now I am praying mine makes it back and looking forward to writing another glowing review when I have had a chance to taste... PS. I was shocked by his enthusiasm because he is not easy to please when it comes to trying new places!! This was a total success!!
After a whole lifetime of being warned that food cooked in a truck would kill me, this past year I decided to take my chances and see what this mysterious genre of cuisine has to offer. For the most part, I have not been disappointed. Philly does food cart pretty well. And my absolute favorite is Cucina Zapata. 

I've tried just about everything on their menu: short rib taco, thai chicken taco, cap'n crunch coated tilapia burrito, chicken katsu, sweet potato & chicken curry...each so wonderfully delicious and packed with flavor. The portions are also pretty large- I've never finished a meal for Cucina Zapata without feeling completely stuffed. 

It's no surprise then, that this place is so popular. I'd avoid going right at 12pm, seeing as you'll be looking at a good 15-20 minute wait.
The name of this place sounds a lot like "shoe kitchen" in some combination of romance languages, which would not seem super appetizing. However, the food they serve up here is quite the opposite. 

We tried the short rib tacos and the Cap'n Crunch tilapia burrito. AMAZING. Both were filled with delicious, fresh, and healthy-tasting ingredients. The green sauce on the tacos was awesome, and the avocado slices were a bonus. The breading on the fried tilapia wasn't so Cap'n Crunch tasting (I could be wrong, It's probably been about two decades since I've had Cap'n Crunch, and never in fried form), but it was still fantastic. The burrito is filling and a nice size for $6. 

They don't open until noon, and I think they're usually swamped. Go on a cold day like we did, and the weather will hopefully keep the crowd (and the wait) under control. It's located at the very end of the hidden food truck alley at Drexel. Totally worth the trek, even from Penn. Also, the guy that takes orders is super friendly and tries to remember everyone's name. Very impressive. 

Cucina Zapata is hands-down the best food truck I've tried in West Philly. Possibly all of Philadelphia. Possibly ever.
Went here due to the high reviews and this place did not disappoint.  Got the short rib tacos and a taro bubble tea.  The tea was a bit too sweet for my taste but you can always ask them to hold back on the sugar.  The tacos were phenomenal! Wish I had some more right now.  Make sure you ask for the spicy mayo on top.
What? Food this good from a truck? YES!  Everything is excellent here. My personal favorites are the Thai short Rib Tacos with the Chicken Satay Taco. If you get the Chicken Katsu, please the fried egg on it. That extra flavor just pushes it over the edge. The Sweet Potato Chicken Curry is spiced just right, and the Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito is a wonderful creation. The Mexican Veggie Burger is so substantial, you won't miss the meat. The Thai Tea and Coffee beverages are delicious and a great 'pick me up'.

The food is quality, and is good enough to be served at a sit down restaurant. I am usually sad when my food is gone and my belly is full, because the experience is over. :-)  Keep up the good work!
It's hard to imagine this truck slipping through my fingers for so long but I've finally been filled in on what I've been missing out over at the Drexel campus food truck scene! I was lucky enough to have a friend deliver it to me at work as it's slightly far from the hospital that I work at. BUT OH MY GOODNESS! If this truck was 6 blocks closer I'd be 6 times heavier.  I got to try the seemingly yelp famous tilapia burrito and it was worth every part of the $6.  Man I will definitely find my way back to try the rest of the menu soon!
It is truly one of the best food trucks in University City area! I had the short rib tacos which were really delicious and all the flavors with the sauces, avocado, toppings, Siracha, and short ribs all complimented each other very well. Plus $7 for 3 tacos is a really good deal! Not only were the tacos amazing, but the service here was super fast and friendly as well. 5 stars for their great food and superb service!
I'd give a 3.5 if I could . 

The food were definitely tasty but not worth waiting in the line tasty.  Here is why:

Tilapia burrito : the first time we went they were half hour away from closing time, so the only thing that were left was the burrito and chicken katsu. We ordered two burritos , one spicy and the other one non spicy. The spicy one was really tasty with the spicy mayo sauce and the portion is quiet large. But the non spicy ones were tasteless. 

Short rib taco: since we didnt get to try the tacos , we returned the second day for lunch. Again it was really tasty with the spicy mayo , i really like all the cabbage and avocado they put inside. However, the short rib was kind tough, by the end it was kind like eating beef jerky. 

Satay chicken : this one we did not enjoy it at all, it was a curry chicken that had too much curry flavor which over powered the spicy mayo sauce, we really didn't like this one. 

i'd like to try again their short rib taco someday when there isnt a line of people waiting.
AMAZING. Not only is the food excellent but the service is too! I've ate from here plenty of times but never actually came to the truck myself (thanks for the deliveries mom) until today. We pulled up and one of the guys immediately recognized my mother and gave her a warm welcome. The guy taking the orders was very polite, funny (and handsome). Do I really have to explain how great the captn crunch tilapia is? Don't be scared to try it, it's sooooo good. I'll be back for the food, and possibly the guy taking orders lol
This is one of my favorite lunch trucks and there are not many! Get a few tacos 2/$6 or 3/$8 The Chicken Satay is my favorite out of the tacos but I usually mix it up with two satay and one short rib. 

The Cap'n Crunch Burrito is a must have on your first visit!  Then get some bubble tea while you are at it.

I have been meaning to try the Veggie Burger because I have heard nothing but good things even from my non-vegetarian friends!

The truck is hard to miss among the many many trucks on Ludlow. It is at the end closest to 30th Street Station. If you go during prime lunch time you are going to have to wait, but the line and service is definitely quick!
Everyone loves this place. The food is amazing and very accessible for college students. Although, I would recommend not coming during 11:30am - 1:30pm. It's very packed during that time and you might end up waiting more than an hour. It would be awesome if they expanded into another location near campus though!
This truck was like my gateway drug to all food trucks. I never knew how good food truck food could be until I had a bite of their Tilapia Burrito. 

I've tried all of their other tacos which are all delicious in their own way but I keep coming back to the Capn Crunch Tilapia. They will put this into two tacos if you ask them because the burrito can be unwieldy. Occasionally I will get the One and One if I'm looking for some variety. It's one of each of their other tacos. (Short rib and chicken satay if I'm not mistaken) The curry is okay too but I come for the tacos! 

The staff is friendly and willing to customize your order if you ask. The price point is  pretty reasonable, on the low side if you compare it to some of the new gourmet food trucks. $6 gets you two tacos. Most dishes are $5-$7. 

The only cons are that the wait can be really long now that they're so popular, the location isn't great and they only accept cash. But these are minor details compared to the great food!
The fact that I no longer work at Drexel and thus have no more access to Cucina Zapata makes me so incredibly sad. I have never had a bad meal from this place - everything is fresh, delicious, and innovative. Red curry is always good, thai green curry is even better, and the short rib tacos are amazing. The chicken katsu with egg is my go-to comfort food, but you haven't lived until you've tried their Captain Crunch tilapia burrito. The guys here will modify it any way you like (I always get mine over rice with extra sauce and avocado), and are friendly even through insane lunch rushes of up to 40 min wait times. Go there now and get something, and if you're unsure, either your fellow customers or the truck staff will help you out.
Great food truck.

The captain crunch tilapia burrito is a homerun!

Great staff, quick and efficient service!

Stop here every time I'm in the area!
it makes no sense how this delicious of food can come from a food truck... but holy crap is it delicious! To all those food truck skeptics, you must try this one. Cucina zapata is a Thai-Mexican fusion, featuring dishes from all over Asia. They're known for their captain crunch tilapia burrito (which is phenomenal!), as well as their Thai short rib tacos and their chicken satay tacos. They also offer chicken katsu; get this with an egg, extra avocado, and "bossy"  you will literally not regret it.
Very good food for a good price. Long wait time during peak hours ~ 11:30 AM - 4/5 PM and tends to sell out the special very fast. Worth the wait, good experience, nice people. 

You can get the short ribs and chicken satay over rice too. You can ask for the food in anyway you want: burrito or over rice and can mix and match for additional cost.
I had the Cap'n Crunch Tilapia Burrito (with hot sauce) and the Taro Milk Tea. 

I really liked the burrito! It was filling, the ingredients made a good match and it was hot. 

The Taro Milk Tea was perfect too. Not too sweet but sweet enough to taste refreshing! 

And most especially, the guys in the truck are the best - super nice and had a good time conversing with them.
Unique.  Fresh.  Friendly.  Possibly the best food truck in the city.

Tucked away in a random street on Drexel campus is a food cart unlike any other in Philly.  I feel it makes other food trucks jealous because the lines make it look like a fancy restaurant is opening.  Some clanging inside, and the metal awning lifts at noon (or sometime around there).  Out pours the Captain Crunch crusted tilapia burritos, short rib tacos, chicken curry, and other savory treats.  While the menu only contains 8 or so items, each of them are prepared fresh.  For the price, this is really hard to beat.

Long line but absolutely worth the wait.  Cheers.
