We have a winner!
Quantity and Quality
This place is the best

I guess I saved the best for last. This was my fourth and final cheesesteak in Philadelphia. For my tastes, far and away, hands down, no competition, the greatest. Went with provolone, fried onions and mayo. The meat is chopped rather than sliced which is my preference. The thing is just gargantuan and melt in your mouth delicious. As tasty as it was, I could not finish it. Left probably about a quarter of it uneaten. Think it was even busier than Pat's when I went there yesterday at noon, but I got out with a sandwich in less than fifteen minutes. The word must be out. Dalessandro's is where it's at when it comes to Philly Cheesesteaks. Next time I'm in town, I think I will make it my first stop rather than the last.
Best cheesesteak per the locals word of mouth.

Long lines and the smell of grilled beef and cheese wafting in the air tell you that you're close.

Because you'll have to park a block away or you can be a jerk and double park and try to hit pedestrians like us that are crossing the street.

Super tender beef, great flavors, love the peppers.

Hands down one of the BEST cheesesteaks I've ever had.
I'm very surprised by how highly recommended this place is because I had probably the worst cheesesteak of my life here... the meat was so dry and didn't seem like it was even seasoned. I would compare the meat to overcooked burger meat off a George Forman grill. I don't think I've ever not enjoyed a cheesesteak from anywhere, but this place has changed that. I'm not sure if it was just an off night but I won't be back regardless.
I'm so ashamed. What's wrong with me?

Being a lifelong Philadelphian, it actually took me years before I found Dalessandro's. Just ate here literally for the 5th time this month. What diet? I'd write a lot but I'm so stuffed I'm just focusing on breathing right now.. But oh my god, come here for the best cheesesteak ever ($6.50). Perfectly chopped and cooked steaks stuffed generously inside a fresh, home baked tasting bun with the cheese melting it way through the sandwich.  Its a pretty small place, so be prepared to wait during busy times. Order a Hank's soda with your cheeseksteak and it's instant pure happiness.
Let me join the chorus of 1700+reviewers - Yes it's one of the best cheesesteak places and it's a must-go for anyone who wants REAL cheesesteaks.
Yes their cheesesteak is worth the drive, worth hitting the ATM for cash, and worth waiting in lines.
I was actually lucky enough to sit in the tiny shop and ate my cheesesteak.  It was even better than takeouts - warm, juicy, cheese melted and intertwined with fresh, finely chopped meat perfectly.  Generous portion.  Selection of peppers on the side to put in your sandwich such as banana, hot, and cherry peppers. 
I would give it a 6 star because they also serve serving bottled craft beer.  They just took cheesesteaks to a new level.
Southbay Slumdog is back again
Doin' a little east coast fling
My walkman is going off to Boyz II Men 
Not too hard, but the ladies don't like it too soft
This review is long overdue so let me get started
ABC, BBD, my east coast family tell me which one should I eat?!?

Philly is slammin' these cheesesteaks at every corner but the locals rave about Dalessandro's so you know I had to peep it out.  I was posted in Upper Darby for the week, so I had quite a trek to get out here.  Parking was tough but a playa ain't trippin, I found a residential area next to a football field and the walk was pretty short to the restaurant.  When you walk inside it feels like a smaller version of a Subway sandwiches, not a lot of room for eating especially for large parties.  I ended up going with a Mushroom Pepperoni Cheesesteak, it was good but it didn't knock my socks off like I expected.  I know two cheesesteak places back home and one in Philly called Sonny's that had better quality cheesesteak in my opinion.

I don't get what all the hype is about, because I've had better...maybe I ordered the wrong thing, maybe I just got strange taste...maybe cuz I'm not a local...the bay area has spoiled me...who knows, but next time I'm in Philly slammin I will try to order something different, who knows it might change my opinion...till next time playas!
The age-old Philadelphia debate: who has the best cheesesteak? In my opinion Dalessandro's is a sure-fire contender. For me, Roxborough is about a 25 minute drive without traffic, and if you're wondering why I would drive that long and presumably pass countless other cheesesteak places (which I do), it's because of their fried onions. 

Even without the onions, they have the most amazingly flavorful beef in their steaks, but I'm telling you, whatever they do to their onions is addictive. 

I'm very happy to see they have a super organized system set up for window pickup during the time of Covid-19. Not only did I feel safe, it was well-organized and smooth. They have separate windows for ordering paying/picking up. And they call your name out on the loudspeaker so nobody needs to crowd the window. 

All in all, I got my fix yesterday and I was happy. It was nice supporting a long-standing Philadelphia staple during this time when it's needed the most.
My Cheesesteak was absolutely delicious! I ordered it with mushrooms, sharp provolone, wiz and light mayo. I also added some of the fresh house made peppers. I see why they have such high ratings because they truly do have the best Cheesesteak that I've ever had. Next time I'm in Philly, I will definitely be paying them another visit!
forget the dueling heavy-hitters in the city... if you want a bangin' cheesesteak, hit up dalessandros. those other guys are greasy, bland, and way overrated. this joint totally lives up to the good reviews and popularity, though. 

- get whiz. trust. no, it doesn't make you a tourist. yes, it does make you fall more in love with the cheesesteak. 

- bring cash. yeah, there's an ATM... but don't be that guy. come prepared. 

- come early for the best chance at finding street parking & a smaller line. there may not be mimosas and bloodys, but cheesesteaks make a fab brunch

- there will be a line. deal wit it. 

- bring your out-of-town buds. show them a real cheesesteak. they deserve to know.
Luckily I saw in the news a week earlier that Jimmy Fallon stopped by here for cheesesteaks for some reason, or I probably wouldn't have ventured over here to get one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had.

This is more like John's than it is like Pat's/Geno's/Jim's - it's a tiny little shop that is frequented by way more locals than tourists. There are a few cramped seats at a counter inside, with a few more tables outside. There is gruff, yet somehow friendly service, that moves quickly to handle the crowds.

Most importantly, the cheesesteak was really incredible. I got it the way the lady recommended, with American cheese and fried onions, which is also my favorite way (I'm not as into that neon whiz). The sandwich was huge, with a ton of delicious chopped up steak. It wasn't heavily seasoned, but it still tasted great.

Whenever I go to a place like this or John's, which are crowded and still have small wait times, I'm baffled at why people wait in lines down the block at Jim's. Sure, the cheesesteaks at those places are good, but they're either as good as or not as good as these tiny local places.

Do yourself a favor and skip the insane lines at the obvious places - come here instead for one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly (and therefore, the world).
"Whiz with fried onions"

Listen, I'm from New York. I don't know who has the best Philly Cheesesteak, It's not my place to comment. I do know I'm just passin' thru and my buddy told me forget those tourist trap spots and go to Dalessandro's.

I mask up and walk up to the window to place my order:
One with Whiz and Fried Onions
The counterperson and sees my wife next to me and says only one?
(I'm seeing these sandwiches and they're huge?!)
Yes, one please

Now we all stand around and wait to hear our name. Once your name is called, now you have to wait on the payment line. They roll up a window, you hand them cash (no plastic accepted) and they give you this huge sandwich.

I walk to my car and we split this work of art. Trust me, this is a hot, juicy sandwich. You're going to get it on your shirt. And if you're thinking about eating while driving? Surely you jest..

We open the package and take a bite. The roll is fresh and the quality of the meat shines in this hero. (Hogie? Grinder? Sub? Anything outside of NY sounds dopey) The whiz and fried onions give this handheld a nice rounded flavor. Total fan at this point.

So I ate at Dalessandro's and not my beloved Brooklyn. If you're passing thru, I highly recommend Dalessandro's over those punk ass tourist traps.
This place helped me to understand the diversity of cheesesteaks a little better. It's a giant, great sandwich. There's a line out the door, and you really get a sense of Philadelphia from standing in the storefront for about a half hour.

Basically Dalessandro's provides a lean, mild steak that makes most sense with their "American" cheese, which is more of a mild white cheese that adds moisture, than any resemblance to Kraft. With lettuce, tomato, and some mayo, you pretty straight-forwardly have a good steak sandwich on a roll. 

I tried the onions wit wiz version too (which is my favorite). It was too generous with the sauce, but honestly the wiz didn't quite mesh with the flavor of the steak like it does at the other shops. 

Dalessandro's presents simple, humble steak sandwiches, without over-excess of grease, meat, seasoning, etc. I can see why so many people are in to this. It'll depend what you want - big, tasty, junk food flavors one regularly finds around town (which I love), or the sandwich that probably resembles what one would have bought 50 years ago. If it's the latter, this is your place.
I have been pretty underwhelmed by the cheesesteaks I have had in Philly till today, I have found a clear winner, thanks Molly T! So the place looks like a small, narrow diner and has very little going on in terms of decor but that's fine, the cheesesteaks are great and that's all that really matters. Also, it's cash only. 

The food:

Cheesesteak Wit Whiz- I was so surprised how much I liked this, I always had the preconceived notion that Whiz was for tourist. Well, I am a Philly tourist and I enjoyed the cheese in a can on my cheesesteak. It was surprisingly really moist and my hands down favorite cheesesteak. Also, the onions were no teeth required tender, they were so good and added a nice richness to the cheesesteak. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=1MgcIcgDXBNjTzFV_hStgQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA

Cheesesteak Wit Provolone- It was good but it was missing some sexiness. It was solid but felt like it was missing something and this cheesesteak also came out less moist. The bread is nice since it holds up to the meat and doesn't fall a part, but I do wish there was some type of crunch on the bread, but that's just me. Adding a touch of ketchup does a nice job cutting some of the richness.
I never liked cheesesteaks in Philly before going to Dalessandro's. I tried to like them and each time on my visit to Philly I spit out blech and it was gross, tough, hard meat, dry, and flavorless.

And now all I can do is dream about Dalessandro's juicy, tender, and flavorful sandwiches that hit the spot. Dalessandro's is a neighborhood cheesesteak shop. Apparently all cheesesteaks are judged by area. Well I don't care for Pat's, Geno's, or Jim's. I'd rather go beyond them and into the outskirts/residential areas.

Dalessandro's is not a place for big groups. Dining at Dalessandro's is all counter seating. I sat there with cheesesteaks larger than life in front of me, one of which was a chicken cheesesteak. "Chicken?!" everyone gasps and yells at me when I tell them this. Yes, I am a big fan of chicken cheesesteaks and stand by them. They are good and a new sort of thing. Ask Ishkabibble.

The cheesesteaks can be dolled up with peppers which are in giant jars and plastic containers on the counter. This is great since you can decided how sweet, how spicy, and how you want your sandwich. Start there and then just go for the grease.
The service here is terrible and they are racist to asians. They forgot to put onions in our sandwiches. When we went back to the counter to complain, the woman in the back told us we were wrong and started yelling at us, and SLAMMED the window on us. Terrible service. 

Also, the meat has no flavor. Geno's has a better cheesesteak than this place.
I learned two things today.

1) Dalessandro's sells gift certificates.

2) I have no willpower to pick up a gift certificate without ordering my own cheesesteak.

I ran out over my lunch break and wasn't sure what to expect in terms of crowds however I was easily able to find parking on Wendover Street. Once inside I saw that several of the counter seats were occupied, and there were about 5 people waiting on line to place and pick up their orders. Within a minute or so I was able to place my order. I really just wanted to pick up a gift certificate but figured that when in Rome...

So glad I did! I'm no Dalessandro's first-timer but I forgot how good the steaks are. My cheesesteak with American cheese, banana pepper, sweet pepper and raw onion hit the spot! The meat is chopped finely, just the way I like it. The hoagie roll is large and was stuffed to the brim with cheesesteak goodness. Taking my sandwich to go, the whole experience must have taken 10 minutes max. No regrets from this girl on today's lunch. 

As far as the great cheesesteak debate goes, Dalessandro's definitely is up amongst Philly's finest! I honestly don't eat cheesesteaks enough and have never done a side by side comparision, but they'd make my short list if I had to make a recommendation.

Okay, so I learned one more thing. Their beer selection goes well beyond what is listed on their menu. They have an awesome 6 pack selection including Flying Fish Exit 4, Troeggs and Leinenkugel and other craft options. I had to pass on the beer since it was my lunch hour, but I can see many good pairings for the future.

Fourth and final lesson of the day- it's cash only, kids. 

Happy steaking!
This was the best cheesesteak I've eaten in Philly. And admittedly, my experience with Philly cheesesteaks is somewhat limited, but I assure you that my meat and cheese sandwich résumé is quite impressive. And this was a damn good sandwich. Onions, mushrooms, provolone...perfect. 

We only got a few weird looks when my buddy jokingly mentioned he would beat his girlfriend for one of these. I think he was joking. I wouldn't beat his girlfriend for one of these. Well, maybe I would if I could take her, but she's a big woman.
This place is disgusting, bread was soggy, the meat had no seasoning whatsoever. We looked in the window and we saw that the workers were not even wearing gloves while preparing our food. Dont go here, you will be only wasting your money.
***CASH ONLY*** atm is located inside restaurant 

My friend and I came here on a random Saturday at shortly after 1 and the line was bonkers. There were people everywhere. I haven't see a queue like this since I don't remember when. TBH, I was concerned this place was overrated and my friend and I were setting ourselves up for disappointment, but I had to see what the hype was all about. 

First of all, this place is small as heck. It honestly looks like a remnant of the 1950s or something, when people were smaller. Either that or it was designed for people who don't need personal space. There are actually two lines inside the shop. You order on the right side and you wait on the left side. The menu is limited but they do serve other items besides cheese steak. The queue was freakishly long aforementioned. We waited about 40 minutes for our cheesesteak. 

I got the cheese steak with mushroom and cheese. Omg I'm salivating as I type this. The meat is thinly sliced to just perfection. The seasoning was perfect, not salty at all. The cheesesteak itself was huge and enough for two to share, but who would want to do that. Don't expect green peppers and other accouterments of cheesesteak. This one is simple but oh so irresistible. Worth the wait and worth coming back.
Not worth all the hype this place gets.  Definitely not worth all the stress and hassle from ordering, and waiting around for your food.  This place is jammed with people packed like sardines inside.  People trying to push their way out of the crowd.  People waiting on line.  And people waiting around for their order.  I've smashed myself onto the side table trying to get out of peoples way while I wait for my food.  So hectic!  

This is the way it is:
To order, you get in line, that's snaking out the door.  Once inside, you realized how tiny the place is.  It's cramped with people, feeling a bit claustrophobic  Before you get to the front of the line, be sure to know what you want to order.  If you don't know yet, the wait staff may get angry and start yelling.  Look at the abbreviated menu that's hanging behind the counter.  Choose your sandwich then tell them what add ons you want on it.  After you put in your order, they will then ask you for your first name and last name initial.  They will call you when your food is ready.  Now, try to move out of that area and towards the front door, otherwise they will scream at you (because it's noisy in there) to get out of the way.  You don't pay until your sandwich is ready.

To help you out, here is a brief menu.
Most popular steak sandwich selections are:
regular steak  ($8.25)
cheese steak  ($9)
pepper steak  ($9)
pepper cheese steak  ($9.75)
mushroom steak  ($9)
mushroom cheese steak  ($9.75)

Choose a cheese option:
american cheese: free
provolone: $.030
cheese whiz: $.030

The free extra add ons for the steak sandwiches are: 
Fried onion
raw onion
sweet peppers
banana peppers
hot crushed peppers
ketchup
mayo
marinara sauce

Add ons for additional $.075
roasted green peppers
mushrooms
extra cheese
pepperoni
lettuce and tomato

Finally!  My name was called.  I paid for my sandwiches and maneuvered my way out the door.  Finally!  Fresh air and freedom!   Away from that jammed crowd of people!  Gah!

Seating.  Inside, is counter seating and a few tables/ chairs but the place is seriously jammed packed with people, that it's impossible or difficult to sit. Outside are a few picnic tables.  They are usually packed with people but good thing my peeps were outside holding the table while I ordered food for everyone.  Keep in mind, you just might end up standing outside and eating.  Or take the sandwich some place else to eat.  

I ordered a cheese steak with mushrooms.  I unwrapped it.  Where's the mushrooms???  After close inspections, there were about 3 small slices  at the end of the sandwich!  My friend made out like a bandit.  She had 6 slices.  I think that's enough to make one whole mushroom!  Wow!

The fried onions were cut in random big and little pieces.  I would have preferred smaller uniform pieces.  It wasn't pleasant chomping into a big semi raw onion piece.  

The only good thing I can say is that it is a big sandwich and they do give you a large amount of meat.  But the meat is cut into tiny bits (almost like ground meat), which makes the sandwich a bit mushy.  I didn't like the taste/ texture of little meat bits.  Meat was bland.  Also there wasn't enough cheese.

They also have chicken steak sandwiches, cold cut hoagies and burgers.  But since 99% of the people are ordering beef steak sandwiches, if you order anything else, there will be an easily over 30 minute wait.

A word to the wise:  The sandwich can get pretty messy from the melted cheese or sauces, so bring some wet naps, for clean up.

Final note:  If all you care about is having a lot of meat covered with cheese in the sandwich, then you will love this steak sandwich.  But its still not worth all the stress and hassle.  More discerning cheese steak palates should look elsewhere.  Cash only.  No bathroom.  No french fries.
Dalessandro's Steaks and Hoagies was a destination I was told by my girlfriend that we WERE paying a visit to when we arrived in Philadelphia. She used to live in Philly and Dalessandro's was the Philly place she took all her visiting friends to.  You know what?  This place is a great place to grab a sandwich!

We paid Dalessandro's a  visited on a Saturday night and dang....the line was not only out the door, but it was standing room only inside!  There is parking at Dalessandro's, but good luck getting a spot in front of the shop. There is street parking lining the road here though.  We found a spot that was probably a 2 minute walk away.

We ended up getting the cheese steak ($9) and a couple of Birch Beers (didn't catch the prices).  Expect a wait after you place your order, depending on the line.  We waited about a half hour but the sandwich was worth it!  

There's no being stingy with the meat when it comes to the cheese steaks here.  The meat is finely chopped and fills up the bread.  Cheese and caramelized onions fill out the cheese steak.  That first bite is ridiculous and i'm almost sad I had to share half of this thing!  You'll definitely want your own.  

Cash only at this (and seemingly many philly cheese steak spots), but if you don't have cash, no worries!  There's an ATM inside Dalessandro's.

At the end of the day, if you want a cheese steak from Philly and you're in the area, you really need to take the time to pay Dalessandro's a visit.  The only reason I didn't give Dalessandro's 5 stars was because without the cheese whiz it was slightly drier than with the whiz. The next time I'm back I'll change that, and likely bump up my review. 

Worth every bite!
(2.50 stars)  By a narrow margin over Jim's, Dalessandro's offered the best cheesesteaks I have had in Philly.  Although it is completely over-processed, actually chopped, the beef is moist, well seasoned, largely free of gristle and is discernibly rib eye.  Equally impressive is Dalessandro's use of real cheese.  They're impossibly crowded, but offer counter service and a genuine awareness of customer service skills.
It is moments like this (or everyday actually) that I thank Yelp for existing. While in Philly for the weekend, my boyfriend and I decided to be on the quest for the perfect Philly Cheesesteak... (okay, we only had room to stomach sandwiches from two different locations) and Yelp lead me right to Dalessandro's. Although it was a 30 minute detour backwards from where we were going, I knew from the hundreds of positive reviews that I would not regret my choice. On the outside, Dalessandro's looks a little run down and nothing out of the ordinary. A small diner with seating around the kitchen, and not much standing space. But inside, the place is full of energy with non-stop people coming in and out, the delicious scent of the cheesesteaks being cooked, and the ladies shouting people's names and people getting their order taken.

Pro tip: Call in your order while you are on the way so you do not have to wait as long. The wait was about 20 minutes for me and I only ordered one cheesesteak with no additional toppings. Also, when they ask you if you want seasoning in your sandwich.. that means salt and pepper, so yes. You probably want salt and pepper on it, they also give sweet peppers on the side for free!

So when you get into the little shop, it's a little confusing. There's just a whole bunch of people standing around and you think they're trying to order.. but they're not. If you haven't called in to make an order, just walk all the way to the front and someone will happily take your order. Once you've had your order taken, just take a walk outside(there's outdoor seating) or just wait at the back of the store, because your food will definitely not be ready yet. It gets kind of crowded inside so I recommend waiting outside (my anxiety was kicking in from how close people were getting and how many people were just walking in and out.. strange I know, I'm a  New Yorker.. I should be used to it). 

The first bite out of the cheesesteak reached my expectations and far exceeded it. The meat was soft and warm. The cheese was melted. The bread was crunchy with mayo (my kyptonite). I only had a half but thought that it was extremely filling for an amazing price! For the popularity, they could definitely put a premium on these sandwiches but they don't!

ALSO, if you give them a tip they will all take the time to say thank you to you which I thought was very nice. As others have said, this is a CASH ONLY establishment. There is an ATM in the front of the store.
3.5 stars. The bread was stuffed with steak and topped with big chunks of lightly fried onions. I tried a piece of the steak on its own and was extremely bland. Each ingredient needs to stand on its own and the sandwich could've benefited from just a little salt. All in all it was a decent cheesesteak. It's definitely a neighborhood (and city wide) favorite.
I came here to try one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly, and it didn't disappoint.  The sandwich was great.  I do recommending getting the grilled onion, total game changer. We got it with and without onions and you can tell a big difference!
Ok so I lived here for just under 20 years now.  Naturally Pats and Ginos were first, and naturally being a discriminating Yelper they were found ok, but surely there was more to this cheesesteak thing...soon Tony Lukes is discovered and why go anywhere else?  Jims was good, better then the tourist traps but hey Tonyyyyy...

On the way to Jersey what do we see?  Talk of the town - good but still no Tonyyyy...well we move to Cheltenham and find Steves.  Different then Tony - both are great, but hey we live in Cheltenham now not close to Oregon Ave, ya know?

Bout a year or so ago I come upon Chinks and hey 3 just wonderful steak places...So a few weeks ago a friend who is a computer tech calls and says pick a place and meet me I am going to Trenton from Delaware county.  There is that Delessandro's I have heard of for years now.

Just magnificent - the least greasy steak ever, nice counter service (puttin on airs in our old age) and Beer!  Not just beer, but good local beer too - yeah if light beer byproduct colored carbonated water is what ya want they got that too...

I am sure that as I continue to travel the city of brotherly love I will find more outstanding cheesesteaks, but this place is magnificent, and if you don't like cheesesteaks because of the grease this is your go to!
D'alessandro's is absolutely legit. A no nonsense small corner joint serving up huge, soft hoagies filled perfectly tender and juicy beef. Actually filled is an understatement. These things pack a load of meat. The toppings are numerous. While most places are traditionalist, D'alessadros gives you the freedom to add all types of extras. The fried onions add the perfect balance of sweet and crunch. 

Ok I have a confession that hopefully won't get me shunned: the first cheesesteaks I ever had in Philly were at....Pat & Geno's. In my defense, I knew they were tourist traps before I made the leap. But sometimes you do things for the sake of ticking the box on the bucket list. For what it's worth, those were terrible cheesesteaks. 

Easy to see why this is a Philly fav: Super speedy service, fair prices, and food quality beyond reproach. Now, if we could only get rid of that whole "cash only" thing....
I took my daughter and husband here after we went ice skating.

It was 11pm on a Thursday. We waited about 10 minutes to be seated at the counter. 

What an experience. I'm so glad that we were able to grab 3 seats and enjoy our cheesesteak and cheeseburger. 

I'm convinced they gave my husband the wrong steak last time or my husband just ordered it wrong. (See my last review) 

I ordered the same thing I told him to order last time and I got a totally different product. Everything blended together perfectly. I'm so happy that I gave this place a second chance. 

Their cheeseburgers are amazing. They're huge and decently priced. 

Our waitress was super friendly and quick. We ordered a cheesesteak, cheeseburger, carrot cake and cheesecake. The desserts are a must. My husband hates carrot cake but loved their carrot cake. 

If you want to try this place out, go later at night. You'll be able to grab a beer, food and sit without all the people behind you.
I'm sad to say I was quite disappointed with my cheesesteak at Dalessandro's.  It did not live up to the hype.

First the good:
- The roll.  It was fresh, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
- The cheese.  Sharp provolone.  Do I need to say more?

The bad:
- The meat.  While I am a fan of chopped meat, Dalessando's meat was so overchopped it was essentially dry meat crumbs.  In fact it was so dry, I was looking for add-ons to moisten the sandwich.

Unfortunately, I am not a fan.
Remember here (Cash is king).Ya I waited in line about 20 minutes who cares !!! the food is delicious. I will say no more BEST cheese steak in town.
Finally came here for the first time even after living in Philly for over 10 years. Tried many places besides the typical Pat's & Geno's (they don't count)! All I have to say is sorry. Why? I refuse to follow with the hype on their Cheesesteaks. Not saying I hate it that bad.

Just way too overly crowded in such a small confined space. Even when calling in your order ahead of time, you must check in with the counter when arriving before they start on yours. So I'm squeezing my tiny self while waiting nearly over 40 minutes. Customers are getting impatient with attitudes and employees are arguing behind the counter. You're also better finding luck for parking in a residential area than you would find seating. I mean there's a few tables and chairs outside, but it's a cold winter day. Plus it's a Cash Only establishment, but at least there's an ATM by the door. 

Took the Cheesesteak to my car and took a few bites. The meat was too minced to my liking and I ate more largely chopped onions than I did of the meat. I wished they would melted the cheese a bit over the griddle instead on laying it on the roll first. Gave the rest to my boyfriend and he liked it. Can't blame him because he eats anything. So I give Dalessandro's a solid 3 Stars.
Probably one of the best places to get an actually awesome Philly Cheesesteak!  They are always crowded with a long line, but they have a full on system, and it works.

I LOVE their cheesesteak and I always add their hot peppers.  Service is great and friendly, but keep in mind that they are almost always packed (I am talking 99.9% of the time, there is a line out the door) so they are trying to keep things moving and help everyone.  

Everything about the cheesesteaks here is awesome.  The bread is great, as is the meat and cheese.  It doesn't fall apart the minute you start eating it...its just perfect.  They are also HUGE, so you can take half home, or eat the whole thing!

Street parking in a mostly residential area, so be prepared to look for a spot for a little while, especially if you are here on a weekend.

I highly suggest coming here if you are looking for a GREAT Philly Cheesesteak!  I also suggest adding the hot peppers (you can either order them or they are on the counter where you eat in a jar) if you don't mind a nice spice!
This is the Philly cheesesteak experience. Crowded, busy, lots of noise, not much room inside. All the focus is on the cooking and the eating and that's okay with me.

I managed to luck out when a single seat at the counter opened up as I was in line. I took a seat and a minute later, one of the gals working behind the counter took my order. There's no such thing as "all the way" here. You need to specify what you want. So I requested my cheesesteak with provolone, mushrooms, peppers (Green or hot? Green.), onions, lettuce and tomato. Tip: Skip the lettuce and tomato.

About ten minutes later, my sandwich arrived. Massive, well stuffed with lots of onions and peppers and mushrooms. Super hot! I pushed the lettuce off to the side and ate the tomato slices before digging into this monster. The meat was cooked very nicely and the cheese melted in well. The various veggies I'd ordered cooked up nicely on the grill and were al dente. A touch of ketchup (Hey, I'm a New Yorker. I can do what I want!) was the only think this perfect sandwich needed.

It was super busy in the place with lots of folks placing orders, lots of orders being shouted out and several of the gals behind the counter shouting out if anyone needed to place an order. There was sort of a queue, but not much.

There was a pretty good selection of bottled beers and other soft drinks.

The inside ambiance could use a lift but it's okay and it gets the job done. I can see why this place is so popular! It's GOOD!
Probably my favorite cheese steak I've had in Philly. 

This was the first of three I tried during my two day stay and it was so good we had it twice. Located across the street from another cheese steak shop (my next review), Dalessandro's had some of the nicest staff I've encountered in Philly. I ordered my usual, cheese steak with onions, whiz, and provolone. 

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RQAF6a0akMiot5lZZnMNNw?select=Cxt1Op3aZkIberH02UclMw

When it came out I asked for hot peppers and the lady there was so proud that they make a few types of hot peppers all in house. Very cool! I tried them all and loved them all. The cheese steak was the perfect ratio of bread to meat to cheese and the peppers elevated it to the right spice. 

Another plus was their ridiculously long beer menu and since you can't find it in California, I had to get a Yuengling with my sandwich. 

As I said, we loved it so much that we went back the next day for another.
Blown away! I typically visit Pat's when I'm in the area, but after a strong recommendation to come here, I am glad I listened! I haven't visited Philly since 2015 and have been craving their cheesesteaks for the longest! My boyfriend and I decided on a quick weekend roadtrip here, and Dalessandro's was the first place we hit on the way in!

After driving through hours in traffic, and with empty bellies, we were definitely looking forward to this! We pulled up around 2PM on Saturday and there was quite a line. All together it probably took about 45 minutes between placing our order and receiving it, but it was well worth the wait! We decided to share a hoagie since we were going to the Reading Terminal Market right after. 

We went with a cheesesteak with American cheese, green peppers, onions, and mushrooms. The hoagie came out pipping hot and fresh! So dam good! However, we are definitely cheese wiz lovers and will definitely opt for that next time instead of the American cheese, but nonetheless, it was delicious and I look forward to returning!
If I can add another 5 stars I would because hands down Delassandros is my favorite cheesesteak!!  If you like "chopped" cheesesteaks this is the place to go.....reminds me so much of my childhood days with steakums but 10 times better.

Any chance I head to Philly I ALWAYS stop by here....BE PREPARED....if you come on a weekend, be patient because it gets tight inside because it's always packed but so worth it!

Tips:
-Cash only
-Parking can be tricky so bring a friend so you can go straight in and order
-Lots of soft drinks to choose from
-Get your own cheesesteak hahahaha

My fave Cheesesteak is with provolone/cheesewhiz with onions/mushrooms.

Enjoy!!  And message me if you enjoyed it as much as me!
This place was recommended to me by Joe L, a PA native and longtime resident of Philly. Safe to say, I trust his judgement. My brother had been living in PA for about a year and had tried a bunch of the more well-known, touristy chains and hadn't been all that impressed, so he was willing to give this place a try. We were coming from downtown Philly and this place was like 8-9 miles away in a little town--not the most convenient, but what price a great Philly Cheese steak? After finding street parking in a nearby neighborhood, we entered the tiny little shop. There was a line of about 5-6 people, and it was like 5:30. It gave us a chance to look at the menu figure out what we wanted. I opted for the spicy peppers cheese steak and my brother just got a regular steak and cheese. I ended up impulsively ordering a tiramisu as well when I saw their dessert case. The lady taking our order was super-nice and we got our food after about 10-15 minutes. 

The sandwiches were HUGE, not sure how long exactly, but they had to have been longer than 12". We were debating whether to eat it there or at home, since my brother's place was like another 30 minutes away, but there really was no decent seating to be had in the place and we were still kind of full from our lunch at Wursthaus Schmitz, lol. We decided to take a few bites in the car to taste it fresh and then eat the rest at home. I LOVED my spicy pepper cheese steak! The tender meat, gooey cheese, and spicy peppers tucked into that fluffy roll resulting in a perfect melange of flavors--yum! I ended up taking a few more bites than i thought i would in the car, and it was still good when we got them home. Sadly, I had absolutely no room for that tiramisu so I never did get to taste it. According to my brother, it was very good :P

STEPH JUDGEMENT: I'm no Philly Cheese expert, but this was one tasty sandwich.
I will admit, up until the time of I've tried Dalessandros, I've always thought of the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich to be be overrated. I've tried several, and for the most part I have not been impressed. 

The workers here are actually nice and very helpful. Dont be a fool like me and assume there's a long line because there probably isn't. I stood in the back of what I thought was a line but it was actually people just waiting for their order to be called. Go straight to the counter when you enter and put your order in. I had to wait 30 minutes before my sandwich was made and then they'll call your name and then you pay. It seems chaotic in there but they seem to make it work. 

The sandwich itself was a beauty. A foot long bread stuffed with chopped steak and covered in whiz cheese. The cheesiness with hot freshly cooked meat inside a soft roll made every bite perfect and it had me craving for another one. The meat was well seasoned and not too salty, since the whiz cheese will add sodium to the sandwich. A perfectly executed sandwich and this is by far the best sandwich I have tried yet. When I return to Philly, I'll most likely make this my permanent must go to spot, and keep trying others as I go.
Bring Cash! Bring Cash! 
The nearby ATMS arent always working, and dont forget about the atms fees that you might have to endure.

So this is gonna be one of those short but sweet reviews. Ive been to Philly a couple of times, and my first time I 
went to those other dread places (( Pats and Genos)) avoid yall!! Not only was the lines long, but the employees were rude and just gave zero s**** about anything. Now tell me, is it worth waiting in line for that? NO.  
My cousins went and rave about this place. Telling me how great Dalessandros is. So it was on my go to list for my next Philly trip.  Parking is hard. But the earlier you go, the better. 

Their prices are about the same as the competitors.I recommend to get less toppings, as they tend to overfill your sub with more meat if you have less toppings, besides, if you get onions or peppers it tends to spill out and that will get messy. 
Once I got my sub I was hooked to them. They used good quality of steaks, like a huge difference in quality. You won't be disappointed 
 They are very tasty. 
and the staff here are friendly. They get you in and out fast, without the attitude. I def recommend.
My tastebuds have a memory of a perfect cheesesteak from college times long ago when I dated this witch (replace W with a B, makes no difference) from Roxborough.  One of the benefits of driving out that way to be tortured on a weekly basis was I got to stop at Dalessandro's on the way home, for comfort for my beaten esteem, mind, and body.  Oh yea, she was a hitter.

Anyway, I haven't been back to Dalessandro's in about 15 years.  Since then owners have changed and I was curious if the current product matched my memory.  

Back in the day, (And I'm talking many many many moons ago) the top 4 best cheesesteaks in the area, in my opinion, were Pat's in South Philly, Chickie Orlando's Edgehill Tavern in Glenside, Harvey's Pizza Den at 8th and Godfrey Ave., and Dalessandro's.  

I haven't eaten many cheesesteaks as I got older, don't need all of those cals, but yesterday I had the opportunity to do a drive-by order and takeout to bring my Mom a treat.  Oh my friggin dog, the Mushroom cheesesteak with fried onions was the exact same quality and flavor from many years ago.  I forgot what I was missing.  The meat was tender to chew, loaded in the roll like crazy, no gristle nor fat, not too greasy, not too dry.  Perfecto!  Mom loved it, as did I, and she talked about it for hours.

Ah yes, nostalgic memories are a delight, i.e. bad girlfriends, the Barnes Foundation in Lower Merion, and Dalessandro's mushroom cheesesteaks.  But the only survivor of that group is Dalessandro's.  Great steaks, great service, great nostalgia.
Not sure what the hype is about. Bread is too soft, not enough wiz, the meat had no flavor and overall was too dry. The workers were rude and do not understand customer service. Our group ordered a philly cheese steak wiz-wit with mushrooms to only receive a plain dry cheesesteak. When we complained about this issue, the cashier essentially said we were wrong and we should have ordered correctly then slammed the window. If you like soft bread with no umami juicy burst of flavor then this place is for you, however I still think Geno's is A LOT better than this unprofessional spot. Mind as well check out Chubby's across the street.
If your in Philly, Come here!!!!! This is an Awesome place!!!!! Was told by the locals this is the place to go, they nailed it!!!!

The philly cheese steak is soooo good here!!! I got the grilled onions and peppers and mayo with american cheese....awesome!! The guy in the back was cooking up the steak and chopped it all up....yummmmmm...

A definete "MUST"
I will never look at Philly Cheesesteaks the same again. Delassandro's changed my life forever, for the better. 

This place is generally packed. Even as a visitor, I can tell. But those guys and gals behind the counter crush it. They are fast, efficient, no nonsense and polite. I waited in the line to order and had good luck, as my wait time was only 5 mins. One cheesesteak with American, fries onions and green bell pepper, mayo, salt and pepper. $9.75. Come back inside to wait to hear your name called after you pay your dues waiting. Pay when you pick it up. 

I was practically running back to the car to unwrap this bad boy. Just a few bites, I said. I told myself I wasn't going to eat the whole thing. But once I took a bite, there was legit no stopping myself. The cheese was melty and perfect. The steak was chopped just right. The bread was soft and fresh. The fried onions and peppers still had some crunch. I seriously feel like I was holding a little piece of heaven in my hand when I was holding that cheesesteak. 

I don't think I'll ever find another cheesesteak that is comparable to Delassandro's. It was totally worth the short commute outside of the city. You HAVE to give them a try. If you're searching for the BEST cheesesteak in Philly, you needn't look any further!!!!!
Forget Pat's, forget Geno's, forget even Jim's (at least postpone your trip), and check out D'Alessandro's, right on Henry Avenue in sunny Roxborough. Their meaty, robust[1] cheesesteaks are worth a trip, and easy on the wallet.

D'Alessandro's isn't the largest place, but they produce a lot. If there's a a line, you've time to ponder the posted menu. It's not high-stress brain surgery, though, so if you're not sure what you want, stand aside and scrutinize! I typically order a few cheesesteaks to go with random toppings, and ask for sweet peppers on the side. While cheesesteaks aren't my FAVORITE sandwiches ever[2], sometimes you need greasy goodness before embarking on a night of drinking.

[1] their rolls tend to get soggy if you don't eat them right away, this can be upsetting if you're not expecting it
[2] I'm not enthused with eating massive amounts of grease - at least in that format
4 / 11 of my cheesesteak pilgrimage (see my list!)

Dalessandro's rates top for me of all the places I went to.  Parking's a breeze, the staff is friendly, and the steaks are amazing.  They're large, the bread is nice and soft, and the finely chopped steak melts in your mouth.  My first steak here was American-wit, and I was amazed at the way the cheese fused with the bread.  Sadly, while the bites with the cheese were near orgasmic, the rest of the steak was lacking in comparison.  I found it's made even better if you ask for some Whiz on the side and lather it on top of the sandwich.  Heaven!

They have a large selection of peppers and sauces there, where I found sriracha goes really well on a steak.  Also good: the diced up red peppers.  No fries here, but the sandwich is so big that you won't miss 'em.  If you're visiting Philly, definitely mark Dalessandro's on your itinerary!
Dalessandro's came on suggestion to me when I asked about best cheesesteaks in Philly and I'm sure as hell glad that it did.

This was my very first authentic cheesesteak experience in life.

Snagged a street parking spot right in front, and then proceeded to wait in a fairly lengthy line to order. Naturally, they had the Eagles game on the TV inside which seemed like a really fitting time on a Sunday to be in line for a cheesesteak in Philadelphia. 

I noticed it was CASH ONLY while in line BUT you can order and then go get cash. You don't pay when you order. I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and American cheese.

I then went across the street to grab cash from an ATM and when I returned the wait wasn't long before they called my name. This means you then proceed to wait in the pick up line. Once reaching the front, I gave my name and was told it wasn't ready and wait until they call my name. I heard them tell two other groups in front of me this exact same thing, yet they called all of our names. So the system is not ideal here. I left the line, only to walk two feet and hear them call my name AGAIN, then proceeded to get back into the pick up line (mind you, is not short) and then make it to the window with my fingers crossed that my order was in fact really ready this time. It was and I paid and was on my way.

I ate at a nearby park, which allowed my order to soak in a bit on the drive since it wasn't the field right across the street. Once I opened my cheesesteak I was quite impressed. 

This was hands down the best cheesesteak I tried out of the three I ordered to try  on this visit to the city.

I highly recommend this spot over many of the other really well known spots. I despise waiting on anything in life, especially in a line but you know it makes it that much more rewarding once it's in your hands.

Good Good Stuff here. I'll most definitely be back on my next trip.
One of the things that make Philadelphia mention in any part of the world is the original Phil's Cheesesteak. The original Phils Cheesesteak is a sandwich made from thinly sliced pieces of beefsteak and melted cheese on a long hoagie roll, a course you can adopt it, as best you prefer.

Dalessandro's Steaks has become famous for making one of the best Philly cheese steaks in town maybe the world, even surpassed the famous Gino and Pat. 

I have to admit, that the place does have an excellent and tasty sandwich and that an amount of ingredients is a lot with each bite you will drop the meat, onions or other ingredients on the plate so if you looking for a real and full Philly cheese steak this is your place but like any the place in the world they are not perfect and you will found two major flaws which they are only cash and the staff is very rude, they have to take a course of customer care.
Long line for a terrible half ass cheesesteak. I got the whiz with but there was barely any whiz or flavor. Save yourself some time and go to Jim's instead it's 10 times better with better customer service. Our group donated 6 cheesesteaks to the homeless and even they asked what kind of psychopath orders a cheesesteak with no cheese or onions. Straight garbage
ooops, this review has been hanging around for weeks:

There was nothing too different than my last visit here, it's just that I've since had better. In fact I had better about a half hour prior to stopping in here. During our Chubbies vs. Dalessandro's battle of cheese steaks I felt Chubby's won hands down. 

Dalessandro's steak was lifeless and dry. The sandwich itself was much larger than our Chubbies offering, but more doesn't equal better.

For my money Chink's or Steve's both have the best steaks in town.
4.5 stars.

Why the .5 off - the onions
They fell off on the first bite.
They need to be tucked in the sandwich more.
Easily remedied by tucking in myself with a fork or god given utensils - but the sandwich is stuffed full as it is and taking it a part just makes everything fall apart....

Anyway, when you do finally dig in - it's delicious!
Best ever, maybe not - but this would be on my go to if I lived closer in the area.
I prefer chopped instead of whole slice and they are not skimpy on the portions.

Lines out the door constantly - best bet is to get it to go - counter space is scarce to find.

Cash only - be ready to place your order right away, after all you stood in line for 15+ minutes so get your order together.

Don't ask a million times where your order is, or you'll get yelled at (as we witnessed, lol)
Be patient, they work very hard and get your food out in the order it was taken.

Make sure to tip, they are working over huge piles of hot beef with hardly any break.
Alil extra is appreciated as they personalize a verbal shout of "Thank you (name)!
The victor in our cheesesteak crawl was either Tony Luke's (because of the bread and yummy meat) or Dalessandro's (because of the best tasting meat we had, and the beer)  The meat at Dalessandro's is hands down, the best in Philly. We had Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's and Dalessandros back to back to back to back. While Pat's and Geno's are ok, you realistically could skip them and not miss much. The only thing I could fault Dalessandros on was how I like my roll (I like a crustier one, which is why I may give a slight nod to Tony Luke's) But make no mistake, no place has better cheesesteak meat than Dalessandros. Then you add their kick ass beer selection on top of that, and the super friendly staff? It's not even that much of a competition.
4.5 to be exact but I'll round up for deliciousness.  

Dalessandro's is located away from Central Philly,  away from the hustle bustle of downtown, away from those mainstream places like Pat's and Geno's.  Is this a place you should go to try their cheesesteak at least once? Definitely!

Though it may be tough to park here, I was able to find a spot on the street when I got here at around 8:30pm.  I was on a road trip with friends and we decided to stop by here.  We walked in to a pretty small place and we were told to sit ourselves and someone would come by and take our order.  There are a couple seats at the counter and just a few tables behind our seats.  We were lucky that ordered when we did, because within 15 minutes the place was packed and we missed the... 9pm rush?

I did not go crazy with my order, as I got a mushroom cheesesteak with provolone cheese.  I really, really enjoyed this cheesesteak!  The bread was not too soft which I like and you get a great amount of meat with your order.  The cheese light, yet delicious enough for me to enjoy my meal.  Maybe next time I'll ask for some extra provolone! 

What is nice about ordering is that you can get many toppings for no extra charge, which include items such as fried and raw onions, mayo, marinara sauce, and hot/banana/sweet peppers.  You also have the option of American Cheese and Cheese Whiz in addition to Provolone.

If you have a sweet tooth, there are options for some dessert and even a beer if you want to take a load off and have a drink.  

Overall, Dalessandro's is a no-frills cheesesteak spot that does its job and they do their job well.  So I will reward them with my patronage again soon!
Delicious Dalessandro's.

A little hectic to order because you have to walk through people eating & people waiting on their to go orders.  Order is quick & fast - as long as you know what you want to order, which all the locals do.  

Service is consistent & friendly.  We would know - we went back 3 nights in a row.
I preferred the classic cheesesteak wit real American or Provolone cheese over the cheese whiz steak here.  

Generous with the meat, as well they should be for a $8.25 Regular cheesesteak.   
A delicious moist cheesesteak with grilled onions on a soft & chewy Amoroso roll.

Other prices:
Bottle Sodas $1.75
Desserts (like banana pudding, cheesecake slices) $3.25 

Take Out Orders Only:They allow 2 free condiments sides (sweet peppers, banana peppers, crushed hot peppers, pickles etc) but after that, they charge because of the little plastic containers they come in.   (If you eat in, you can eat as many peppers & pickles your tummy can handle)

Sadly, they don't offer french fries but they do offer a variety of Herr's chips.

Seating is limited but you can easily snag a seat & watch TV or eat outside if you'd like.

Location: on a corner of a major street & residential street

Parking: free street parking
HOLY COW. I forgot to post a review on this place when I came here. SO I was out here for business and I remembered a co-worker telling me to come here. He said they have the best philly cheese steaks in all of phlly. I came here and had to try it for myself. I was so happy I came. They sandwich is massive and the shop isnt that big. The meat was fresh and chopped up perfectly. The bread was super soft. I took mine to go because I was staying at a hotel not to far away. Quick service and very friendly. I dont know how they move that quickly and be cool about everything lol. I would get so frustrated with people. I got my sandwich with : Cheese yes the WIZ, onions and meat. Thats all I needed. Soon as you take one bite it just melts in your mouth. So good. Pricing is very reasonable for such a massive sandwich. Do yourself a favor and if you are in philly and in the mood for a cheesesteak sandwich come here. It will be worth every dollar.
I've given this place about 4 tries now and I'm done with it at this point. 

Terribly dry steaks and terrible service. It was too much meat on my steak, it was messy and dry. Also the folks that take the orders are rude over the phone and in person. The ordering system is the worst I've ever experienced. My order was also made incorrectly about twice. 

You can call ahead but they don't start cooking until you arrive. If the place is packed expect a long 20-40 minute wait.

 I won't be back and I don't recommend this place.
My friends and I decided to stop by Dalessandro's on our way home from Atlantic City. Boy was it bustling! Located in a corner of a neighborhood, the restaurant is very tiny with a few bar stools and outdoor seating. The establishment is quite old and run-down - it was clear that the hordes of people were there solely for the food.

Speaking of food, I ordered their famous cheesesteak ($8.25) with provolone cheese (extra 25 cents). They have a variety of toppings that come at no additional cost including onions, hot peppers, banana peppers, sweet peppers, marinara sauce, ketchup and mayonnaise. Along their counters you will find jars of crushed hot peppers and whole peppers to add to your sandwich. 

The cheesesteak was very filling, with large amounts of thinly-sliced beef and melted cheese stuffed into a soft sub. The hot peppers gave it a nice zesty kick and expanded on the overall flavors. The provolone was not too overpowering and balanced the cheesesteak well. I also had a bite of my friend's sandwich with the cheese whiz (extra 30 cents), which had a much creamier, rich taste.

If you are looking for an authentic Philadelphia cheesesteak then Dalessandro's is the way to go! Just be prepared for cash only and long lines.
Roy's Top 5 Things to Know:

1. Cheese Steaks are $8.25. They have a variety of sauces, cheeses and toppings. They've even got chicken cheese steaks.
2. Cheese Steaks are large, just half of one is good for one person so you can easily split one.
3. Most importantly, they're real good, the steak is so tender that it almost taste like ground beef. They put just enough cheese on it and the fried onions, ugh to die for. I drove all the way from NYC and it was well worth it.
4. I'm an out of towner and I usually just follow the gps for cheese steak places and I've ended up in some shady neighborhoods, this one isn't shady whatsoever so you don't need to worry about that.
5. Park right on Wendover Street instead of illegal parking in front since so many people frequent this spot in late night.
I was really excited to try this place based on Yelp raves. I did my research/read a lot of reviews. Like Pat & Geno in S.Phil, they have Dale & Chubby out in Roxborough. We decided to do a taste comparison between the two.

I looked at all the photos and noticed the absence of fries. Boo. Well, no matter, my research told me that across the street, rival Chubby's DOES have fries, so we got them there. 

On a cold and rainy night, we made the relatively long trip just to try this food.

Our approach was along a one way residential street. Even on a week night (no holidays or anything happening), the parking was pretty crowded. People constantly coming and going for pick up at both places.

Both places were about a 15-min wait for our food.
 
We tried D's first.

Cash only. Annoying. (Chubby takes my plastic.)

First, they didn't cut my sandwich. I had never in my life (thousands of cheesesteaks) been served a 12" sandwich that was not cut in half. (It was piping hot, and leaky like dripping lava!) Needless to say, it was a pain in the rear to eat, and certainly put a damper on things.

(We ate on the way home, so I could not just go back to have it cut.)

The meat tasted like it had been in a water bath. Yes, it had grill time, right in front of us, but whether it spent any time in a bath or not, it tasted like it did. The onions had had all flavor boiled out of them. Disappointing.

The rolls at D's were better than the ones at C's. (C's did cut my sandwich, though.)

Maybe it was an off night, but we failed to taste the hype.

Where would I go instead for a cheesesteak? Sonny's in C-city. John's Roast Pork on the waterfront. (In the burbs?) Chick's in NJ, or Westtown Meat Market in West Chester.
Very underwhelmed by the taste of the Cheesesteak here. The sandwich was entirely bland. On this same day, my friends and I tried out Larry's, Pat's, and Geno's as a little ranking experiment and this was unanimously at the bottom of the ranking.

I'm from Florida. If I travel somewhere to taste a local delicacy, I expect it to be better than Florida's version of it. And I've tasted better in Florida, than at Dalessandro's.

Maybe we caught them on a bad day, who knows.
**Update*** after leaving this cheesesteak alone for a couple of hours.. somehow it tasted a lot better as it sat on my kitchen table, forgotten about. I ate the rest of the cheesesteak on my way to NYC, in the car. My husband and I both agreed about the taste being different the longer it sat. No idea how or why. Maybe it really did need to marinate in the cheese wiz. Either way.. I'll probably try this place again. I'll just be the one who goes in to actually order it this time. 


My husband picked this up for me while I waited in the car. The line was super long around lunch time, which is to be expected. 

Okay, for starters I kinda have this love/hate thing going on with this cheesesteak right now.  I'm confused. 

Per my photos, you can see just how much of a mess this monstrosity is. Cheese wiz is everywhere. The bread is soaked in cheese wiz. The meat is soaked in cheese wiz... it's like the entire damn thing was marinated in cheese wiz prior to my husband picking it up. 

Why? I have looked at countless photos and nobody else has a sandwich like mine. I scolded my husband. I'm like, did you order this wrong? What did you do to screw it up?!? Did you ask for extra cheese????? He swears he didn't. 

They didn't cut the sandwich in half, sure okay.. I'll let it slide. The only issue is... my kitchen knife apparently will not let it slide. It was so hard to cut in the middle because of how soggy the bread was. 

It's also extremely salty.. I'm afraid my blood pressure is about to go up and my legs are going to swell. Once again, because the entire thing is coated in cheese wiz.

For $10 they loaded this sandwich to the max (cheese included). It's probably one of the heaviest loaded cheesesteaks I have ever had. Some places skimp on everything but charge a lot more (I'm looking at you, Geno's). 

I'm really picky when it comes to my roll. This didn't make the cut. It makes me sad, the mushrooms are by far my favorite. I can't really comment on the meat because all I can taste is the cheese. 

There's so many places to get a steak in this city. I'm not sure I would go back here. I will stick with Abners or Cleavers.
I came for a lunch. The place is small and packed. But, the food comes out fairly quick upon order. And you do not pay until you actually get the food. 
My only complaint, they have no bathroom and I had to go very bad. 
They have a small counter to eat at or take out. 
I did a take out. 
The Cheese Steaks are made to order. They are large in size. It is flavorful and a standard cheesesteak. 
It was large enough I shared it with other people.

Nothing needed improvement. Maybe, house made rolls would make it better. 
But, it is what it is a standard Cheesesteak joint with a really high reputation.
The steaks here are pretty good. Ownership has changed hands but that doesn't mean much else is different. As far as value goes, these sandwiches are where it's at because they load up on the meat. The meat here is chopped, which as a non-south Philly native appeals to me, though I suggest asking for salt and pepper else it will come on the bland side. Like many places with good less than healthy food they are closed Sundays and do not deliver. Also be aware they have no fryer. Another thing to watch out for is coming at peak times when you may wait for a bit (i.e. lunch time and the end of work rush). Never ate in since it is really counter space only and I seem to always come during the rush, but they have beer so that's a plus. Worth trying at least once, if not more.
D'Alessandro's is the best cheesesteak in Philly. Period. My wife would endorse my vote as well.

Work brought me down to Philly and after a few weeks on my keto diet and doing well, having a cheesesteak was my "cheat" meal and it did not disappoint.

Just remember: they only take cash, so visit an ATM prior to, although they have one onsite. Place is tiny, so be ready to wait if you want to dine-in (counter space; no tables) or wait a few to take it to-go.

For me, there is only one place for a Philly cheesesteak and it is D'alessandro's.
Loyalist Roxborough/Manayunk heads will tell you it's the best. Kids from nearby colleges will talk about Dalessando's like they've been there more than twice. It's Jimmy Fallon's favorite cheesesteak joint. 

On three out of my five visits, I was disappointed. The onions, that Dalessandro's chops wide, are virtually tasteless and undercooked. Somehow, twice, the cheese ended up only on one side of the sandwich. The meat was pre­cooked and sitting in a monstrous pile on the corner of the flat top, which can lead to overcooking (I wish they did this with the onions instead). Also, I've not the biggest Amoroso roll guy (but I did see the bread man deliver them fresh at 11am, when they open), and it's all about the bread.

And while this was not a bad cheesesteak ­ they were actually pretty good ­ it does not stand up to the rival across the street, Chubby's. I have had better experiences with the product at Chubby's; more consistently impressed. I urge you to challenge what people tell you, cross the street, and try the underrated Chubby's.

Once you do, you will then not trust anything Mr. Fallon has to say when it comes to Philadelphia sandwich culture.
Shameful after our family has been patronizing for more than 40 years that I must say I don't believe we will go back. The disgustingly rude young lady taking orders and disrespectful woman shouting names from the mic was the worst customer service I ever received. You can always expect somewhat of a wait but after an hour, we gave up. The sandwiches are good which is why we bother, but went somewhere else after the obnoxiously rude response after inquiring about our hour long wait. 

Yes, this past Saturday we waited an hour for a chicken cheese steak,  regular cheese steak and hoagie and finally gave up because upon inquiry they were so nasty with the response. There is no cheese steak that good enough to wait an hour and be treated as badly as we were.  And I might be insulted if I were the only one, but they treated almost every customer ordering the same way. They clearly do not know how to provide good service nor do they know how to treat their customers. It is a fire hazard with as many people packed in to the extremely small space and the ordering system has always been bad. But when you add nasty, rude and disrespectful order takers and servers it's a recipe for bad business. I don't believe we will find ourselves their again any time soon or at all! 

BUYER BEWARE!!!!!
Terrible service, horrible cheesesteaks, even worst employees (young cashier lady was very nice though, 5 stars for her - give that woman a raise)

asked for 7 whiz with onions and mushrooms and 4 american with onions and mushrooms - ended up getting 11 with just steak and cheese!! Would not make it right - young lady who took our order just stood there while the older lady yelled at us and slammed the window on us! Never again, don't waste your time. Go to Jims - even Genos and Pats is better!
Ok, this place is bananas and so busy but so good!  I was visiting Philly for a work conference but had to try an infamous Philly cheese steak.  Yelp didn't let me down and this place had rave reviews.  While a short Uber ride away from the central downtown, this place was worth the hype.  Please be aware that the space is not large, and it can get extremely crowded.  The door would not stay closed for any more than a minute at a time and it was hectic.  Some people were picking up, others were eating in.  Space is limited so you can either eat at the counter or outside at a few tables.  I got a cheesesteak with ketchup, mustard, two types of cheese, fried onions and loaded up on some additional peppers and  sauces/pickles they have on the counter.  I did not get cheez-wiz since I thought this would be fake tasting.  Another couple seated at the counter got this and didn't like the cheese-wiz.  It is cash only so be prepared for that.  The bread is hot, it comes out warm and toasty and the serving size is HUGE.  If you aren't too hungry, you could probably share one sandwich.  I met tons of other friendly people here at the counter who started up a conversation and we were all united by the love of food.  Highly recommend this spot even though i don't have much else to compare to-all the locals said it is the best!
While I'm not the biggest fan of walking in a place and seeing the food I'm about to order already cooked and piled up on the grill, I gotta say that this place makes a damn good steak. 
What makes the place even better is the fact that they'll ask do you want salt, pepper, and anything else that you like and put it on your steak while preparing it, unlike most of the other so-called great steak places in Philly. 
It might not be in South Philly, but this place would make a huge dent in those other guys sales if it was located there....
The worse cheesesteak I have ever had, tasted like dog food with no seasoning. We ordered whiz wit, they messed up our order and gave us cheesesteaks without any onions. When we asked for onions on the side to fix it, they refused to give us any (it's a free topping on the menu) and said we won't give you any bc you messed up your order. Then they slammed the window on us.
Horrible food and worst customer service. They are being so difficult and rude. Never again and will not recommend to anyone.
So overrated. The meat is super dry which is why you need the cheese. But more so the place is run like a sh*t show. You have space for 2 TIGHT lines but they cram in 4 based on if you're coming or going. It's pure chaos vs organized chaos which I can deal with if one is an old established landmark that dot many other cities. I would question if they even care to evolve the product or experience at all and just a matter of time before a new generation of consumers realize their are other choices. This place just has to evolve, even half a step, BC what got them this far won't work for the future

Order: at counter or some random waitress yelling at you. they tell you to leave, come back in at 20 to listen to you name, and then go all the way back towards the front against 3 other lines in random directions to pick up your order.
JEANS: ok
The best Philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia, which makes this the best Philly cheesesteak in the... um... universe.

Dalessandro's is off the main drag, so if you're visiting Philadelphia as a tourist (hahahahahahaha), or you're vegan, then you're unlikely to ever go there. But know this: You would be passing up a chance to eat the best cheesesteak in the universe.

It's a typical neighborhood spot, which means it's dirty and worn, and the stools around the counter are always filled with regular guys who look like Rocky Balboa and shout f-bombs at the cook and each other.

It also means they pile a lot more meat on your steak for less money than the places you might read about in some in-flight magazine or travel book. 

And Dalessandro's melts the cheese with the meat - on the grill - so the (American) cheese is smooth and gooey. Unlike Pat's where they just lay a couple slices of cheese on the bun so they can move more units per minute.

This place is the bomb-diggity.
Delassandros has had a change of ownership some time in 2009 and the steaks have gone WAY downhill, (not that they were anything special to begin with, just that now they've gone from mediocre to outright "I-can't-believe-I-just-paid-money-for-this!" bad.) 

The meat is extremely dry and they're now stingy on the cheese. The reason the meat is so dry and flavorless is twofold: 1) the cooks prepare a ton of meat in advance and then they let it sit in a huge pile on the side of the grill, and 2) they then chop the meat so fine that it's like tiny microscopic pieces of granular dried beef.

The end result is that you have meat stripped of all the grease and fat and thus old and flavorless.

As it stands, this place survives solely on its reputation that was established over a decade ago when it happened to earn a ranking in a Best Of Philly contest. Just about any corner deli in Philly will cook you a FRESH cheesesteak that is exponentially better than Delassandros.

It's interesting to me that so many of the recent reviews are from people from out of the area. Many locals have stopped going here.
Hearty steaks! They pack a lot of meat on the roll with fried onions. The flavor is good, however, I thought that there could've been more cheese to the steak. The lines are long but not really that long of a wait. It's a solid cheese steak.
Short Version: LOVED THE PHILLY CHEESE STEAK SANDWICH! THE HIGHLIGHT OF MY TRIP TO PHILLY!

Long Version: So we flew across country to road trip. Oh boy, we loved the city of brotherly love! I read the reviews for the other famous cheesesteak restaurants, but I didn't feel like getting harassed for getting my order wrong. 

We decided to head to Dalessandros. Such a beautiful drive, we got to see the rural outskirts. Parking was easy. We walked into the place and it was buzzing. A bit chaotic, but I loved it. The employees were super nice. 

Since the seating was limited, we walked outside and sat near a football field. Sitting there under the philly stars, I had one of the best culinary experiences of my life. 

Skip the hype of the other places and come eat here. You wont regret it!
I came here on a Saturday morning to experience my first authentic Philadelphia cheesesteak! There is a huge sign outside of the shop, you can't miss it. Street parking is available, we lucked out and found a spot nearby. The inside of the shop was packed with customers... my husband and I felt super rushed to make a decision as the cashiers called out to us for our orders -_-

I ordered the Cheese Steak. I liked how the meat was finely chopped and perfectly cooked, but I was disappointed in the lack of cheese. They definitely do NOT skimp on the meat. The bread was good too, very soft and it soaked up the flavors of the steak. I was given a side of hot peppers, they were a little too salty for my taste.

Overall, I would recommend this spot if you want a meaty Philadelphia cheesesteak with a TINY bit of cheese -_-
After talking to friends and reading all the reviews in Philly for cheesteaks, I determined that Gino's and Pat's while big names, were not big hits with the locals any longer and especially not cheesteak afficianados. I was told his is the place!  Once I arrived it was clear this WAS the place.  While standing in line, I heard two guys talking about Gino and Pat's and I asked them "Is this place better than Gino's and Pat's" and with a stern Philly stared and answer he looked at me and said "100%!"   That was all I needed.

You wait in line (which does move at a decent pace (expect to wait 10-15 minutes to get your food) and order at the counter. You better be ready to order as you yell out what you want and get asked a few questions and then move to the back of the place to wait for your name to be called.  Some guy said "Where is the other gal who works the counter" and you heard in a loud voice with a thick accent from Philly "SIR, SHE HAS NOT GONE PEE IN HOURS HERE SO ONCE SHE IS DONE SHE WILL BE BACK".  ROFLMAO!!!!

These were defintely some of the best cheesesteaks I have had, and one of the key components is the bread.  Without the bread I am not sure I would of said it was 5 stars but the bread put it over the top.  The meat wasn't as seasoned as I would of liked but it was incredibly tender with zero fat, and everything else with it made it top notch for me.

I shared a Mushroom Steak and a Cheesteak loaded with everything including "Sauce" which is a red sauce, almost like pizza sauce and the entire combination was fantastic.  Apparently the history here from my local friends said it was sold a few times years ago and went down hill as they tried doing things different. Then it sold again and the new owners brought it back to its simple self and created the buzz and line again that makes Dalessandro's a local place everyone says is fantastic.

5 stars
Cash only, long lines, no bathroom, limited space. 

Worth it!

This cheesesteak hits the spot perfectly. If your looking for your steak and cheese to meld together into an addicting amalgam of gooey-savory goodness, this is the right spot. I understand the draw of larger steak pieces or provolone cheese, but that's not what I'm looking for. I want the classic flavor of American cheese wiz to blend with my steak. Sautéed onions, peppers and some hot peppers to add a bright acidity to cut through the meet sweats. It's not classy but it kicks ass.

I'll be back. Might be my favorite cheesesteak.
I lived in Manayunk for20 Years. I've been to Dalessandro's a couple of hundred times. Really! I know people rave about the steaks. I think they are way over rated. Sorry but giant piles of precooked steak on busy nights doesn't do it for me. What I do love are the hoagies. Especially the tuna hoagie on Friday night. Fresh and outstanding! The owners could not be nicer. It's tiny and they only have a few seats. It's a throw back and well worth the trip. Get a cheese steak but I warned you!
This is one delicious cheesesteak. I still prefer the one at John's Roast Pork over Dalessandro's, but this place definitely does it up right.

If you're a tourist, I would agree with what most others have said on here. Go to the famous hack job places if you want to see a sideshow, go to Dalessandro's if you want a mothereffing cheesesteak.
My wife and I met up with some friends to try Dalessandro's Cheese Steaks. We were lucky enough to find seating at the inside counter. I ordered the Mushroom Cheese Steak which was delicious. This was a meaty cheese steak filled with melty gooey American cheese and topped with tender mushrooms and crisp onions. Juicy sweet peppers are available to add to the sandwich for an extra tart and lightly spicy flavor. Overall it was a delicious cheese steak.
This is the best cheesesteak in Philadephia.

If you are visiting from out of town, don't bother with Pat's and Geno's. Those are where the tourists go. This little place is nestled in the heart of Roxborough and is a shining example of a locally-owned business serving a classic product. I've had Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, John's, and all the rest. Dalessandro's is the best. Do yourself a favor and put the hot pepper spread on your sandwich. 

Truly in a league of its own.
Off the beaten path you will find the finest Philadelphia has to offer at Dalesandro's. The freshly shaved steak is piled high, the cheeses and options seem limitless.

I've been here three times since I discovered it and any trip to Philadelphia would not be complete without the trip to North Philly to this sandwich mecca.

I get a little crazy when I come here and order provolone and whiz, topped with pepperoni (death wish or opportunity to support the antacid industry?). They even scoop out the roll for me every time (diabeetus is real my friend).

I always wash it down with Philly's own Hanks diet root beer and take an extra bottle for the trip home.
Wow! Okay first of all, the excitement of getting a cheesesteak was felt. People waiting out side like they were waiting to see Jesus himself.  No lies there. Inside was packed from the window to the wall in my Lil Lon voice. 

Oh me, Lucky? Yep, even though it was packed we got seated ASAP because the waitresses are way cool and knew how to get people in and out! 

I was so excited watching the mass of crowds order a Philly. I just knew that my big mouth would soon devour one on my own.

Quick, polite, sweet staff! Loved the food! The staff! I mean, you have to come! There is reason why people wait in the cold for the goodness that exist in this little restaurant!

Who cares about calories! 

Yes they have pescatarian dishes! 

Loved it! 

Thanks Ladies! You all were the BEST! 

Hugs from DC
My sister's favorite cheesesteak spot in Philadelphia is Dalessandro. When my boyfriend, friend and I made a trip out to Philly to visit her, she took us to Dalessandro's. At that point I already had Pat's, Geno's and Jim's, so I had some places to compare. I agreed with my sister that Dalessandro's cheesesteak was on point. I thought it was on par with Pat's, which I enjoyed very much. 

We arrived to Pat's on a Thursday evening around 7pm. The place was busy, but they were turning around orders quickly. I appreciated the digital queue that allowed us to keep track on when we were called up next.  

I ordered a cheesesteak with fried onions, lettuce, tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese whiz. The sandwich was great! The cheese whiz was nicely salted, which made everything taste savory and flavorful. What made Dalessandro's different was the finely chopped beef. 

The only downside was that Dalessandro's can be a trek. Luckily my sister drove us out to Dalessandro's, otherwise a Lyft ride was basically double the price of the sandwich itself.
How do you identify yourself as a tourist here? Order a Philly cheesesteak instead of just asking for a cheesesteak. I made this amateur mistake and instantly felt the shame, but the waitress resisted making a face. Props to her. Service was fast and decent.

Got a (philly) cheesesteak with provolone and caramelized onions. The bits with cheese were pretty darn good, but after picking those chunks out, the steak was kinda dry and bland. The bread was ok. I also had local birch beer, which was tasty. But the pulled pork sandwich I had from Nick's (not too far away) was the clear winner between the two. 

I spent a lot of time researching where to get 'the best' cheesesteak, and this place was supposed to be the one. I wasn't that impressed - just an average sandwich. Maybe that's just my taste preference...
I don't get it. I'm baffled. Either all these people who gave amazing reviews have terrible taste or my taste buds have gone to hell. This tastes like dog vomit, not that I've ever had dog vomit, let's be clear on that but in my mind, this would be it. Yuck! Came here from NJ just because of the reviews but left grossed out.
Happy 'shroom cheese steak
Tiny counter seems pointless
Ladies were chummy 

3 stars for the Steak, the cleanliness, and selection.

 OK, I've heard a few of you honks heap praise on these guys and while my mushroom cheese steak with grilled onions was quite good, I wouldn't take the crown off of Steve's Prince of Steaks just yet.  I was most impressed with  the selection of peppers. 

It's a tiny place and I can imagine a line forms early. That being said, the amount of counter space and the "waitress" that grabbed my bottle from the cooler and took my money and handed it to the cashier seem out of place, not needed really. But whatev...

The cashier and maid of honor were very sweet and engaging. I had the feeling that the few other people in at this time had been coming in for years and that they indeed wanted me to start my love affair with their steaks today. For that they get the 4th star!
Leaving Firefly festival in Dover, DE, my boyfriend and I wanted to stop in Philly for some real cheesesteaks - but we didn't want to go to one of the usual spots, so we asked a few locals and almost all of them recommended Dalessandros. 

When we got there, it was smaller than expected with hardly any seating inside and a line out the door. They yell to take your order from across the counter -it's honestly a very high stress environment lmao, I was so anxious in there, and it took quite a while to get my sandwich but when I did get it, it was worth the wait.

I don't regret choosing this place over the others and you won't, either! :)
Place was packed so I knew I was in for a treat but ended up only being satisfied but not blown away. The line was out of the door and I will admit they are very efficient with keeping the people moving. They aren't overly friendly but with this many people coming in and out they have to put speed over super hospitality.

I went with the cheesesteak, provolone, fried onions and mushrooms. The portion size was of course huge and the vegetables, cheese and other add-ons were quite fresh and cooked well. Bread was also fresh and tasty. My issue was with the meat, it just isn't seasoned enough to my liking. The meat isn't of a good enough quality to stand on it's own without more seasoning.  Its probably because they don't cook the meat to order but instead cook a mountain of it at a time.

While it wasn't fantastic, I still would say they make a good sandwich and if I was in the area again, I would grab another one but they need to do a little more in the meat preparation department.
My boyfriend is a big, robust Philly man.  Born and bred in the city of brotherly love, he is all about his sports teams and his cheese steaks.  This is by far....no joke...by far...the best cheese steak you will have.   And ya gotta eat it at the bar, which is lined with every type of hot peppers you can imagine...from the wussy, vinegary banana peppers (yawn...so tame) to whole cherry peppers.   I like heat, and am not shy about spice, but some of the peppers I really had to center myself, before I ate on.

LOVE the old, cracked leather stools, the selection of beers and the customers.
Sigh... I was so excited to try this spot. The reviews are amazing but I didn't get that experience. This place is packed which on the outside looking in is a good sign. I waited about a half hour for my steaks. For one to place an order you have to literally yell out what you want to the lady behind counter. When I say yell I mean literally. I asked could I have my onions chopped inside my steak I was told I couldn't they are only placed on top which I was confused about. I also asked for salt and pepper. That again was only placed on top of my onions bot actually in my steak. I ordered a chicken cheesesteak and the chicken was finely chopped which was perfect but definitely lacked all flavor. My hunni had a regular cheesesteak which also lacked flavor. I'm not sure what the hype is all about with this place and so many people saying its the best steak they ever had but it definitely wasn't the best I've ever had. It could have been someone's off day I'm not sure but they need to up the flavor department.
I know I'm going to get dragged on here...but I was really unimpressed. My friend and I rolled in here at 10pm at night looking for our first philly cheesesteak experience. I actually had no expectations whatsoever and had never heard of Dalessandro's. It wasnt until after eating, that I learned of its prestige. Anyway, we shouted our orders across the two men standing in front of us who had already had their orders taken to the waitress. A cheesesteak with peppers and onions with american cheese for me and a cheesesteak for my friend with mushrooms and onions with sharp provolone. We proceeded to wait outside with the rest of the crowd and headed back inside 20 minutes later to retrieve our sandwiches.


Yeahhhhh buddy. Time to eat. I'm so excited. I had fasted the better half of the day and I am ravenous. Basically foaming at the mouth for this sandwich at this point. That being said, at the first bite I was so disappointed. There was zero flavor. How can a sandwich that looks so delicious, that has people lined out the door at 10pm leave so little impact on my tastebuds. Maybe I should've gotten cheese whiz. Maybe I should've asked for salt and pepper. Let me know guys..did I completely drop the ball here? Don't get me wrong I will be back for more as I am determined to find a cheesesteak worth raving about.
My husband picked this up for me while I waited in the car. The line was super long around lunch time, which is to be expected. 

Okay, for starters I kinda have this love/hate thing going on with this cheesesteak right now.  I'm confused. 

Per my photos, you can see just how much of a mess this monstrosity is. Cheese wiz is everywhere. The bread is soaked in cheese wiz. The meat is soaked in cheese wiz... it's like the entire damn thing was marinated in cheese wiz prior to my husband picking it up. 

Why? I have looked at countless photos and nobody else has a sandwich like mine. I scolded my husband. I'm like, did you order this wrong? What did you do to screw it up?!? Did you ask for extra cheese????? He swears he didn't. 

They didn't cut the sandwich in half, sure okay.. I'll let it slide. The only issue is... my kitchen knife apparently will not let it slide. It was so hard to cut in the middle because of how soggy the bread was. 

It's also extremely salty.. I'm afraid my blood pressure is about to go up and my legs are going to swell. Once again, because the entire thing is coated in cheese wiz.

For $10 they loaded this sandwich to the max (cheese included). It's probably one of the heaviest loaded cheesesteaks I have ever had. Some places skimp on everything but charge a lot more (I'm looking at you, Geno's). 

I'm really picky when it comes to my roll. This didn't make the cut. It makes me sad, the mushrooms are by far my favorite. I can't really comment on the meat because all I can taste is the cheese. 

There's so many places to get a steak in this city. I'm not sure I would go back here. I will stick with Abners or Cleavers
In the neverending search for 'the best' cheesesteak, I decided to give Dalessandro's a try. Everyone is entitled to their own taste, but I really dont understand why there is such a following. I would group this cheesesteak as quantity over quality. There was a lot of meat and everything else, but I really couldnt taste anything. I am not a fan on the finely chopped meat to the point where it looks like its shredded as I am not sure what I am eating. Personally, I am not a fan, but there is always a line here, so a lot of people seem to enjoy it here.
Stop one on the cheesesteak tour I constructed for a buddy of mine visiting from out of town. Every Philadelphia native knows the Dalessandro's is a classic, must stop place for anyone wanting to try a cheesesteak. 

The ordering process always puzzled me a bit. It doesn't seem like the most efficient way, but if it works for them and if it gets me a delicious, gooey cheesesteak every time, I can't really complain about it. I ordered two extra wiz with onions. I'm a big wiz guy, but the extra wiz here was a little much even for me. I take full accountability for ordering it that way, but you should know, if you order extra wiz it will come swimming it it. 

Chewy, soft, and crusty roll. Perfectly cooked, not overly greasy rib eye. If you're looking for the definition of a Philadelphia cheesesteak, look no further. Worth the wait if there is a line. Don't scurry across the street to the other guys. And definitely avoid the two tourist traps in south Philly. Dalessandro's is one of THE places to go, especially if you're in the Roxburough/Manayunk area.
I finally had the opportunity to stop in and try Dalessandro's last night. Having been a native Philadelphian for over 40 years, I thought I owed it to myself to try all the cheesesteak places in the city and surrounding suburbs to make sure I am not missing out on a great one.

I admit, I have always been a HUGE fan of Jim's Steaks and eat there everytime I am in the city. I prefer chopped steak over sliced, so Jim's was always tops. That ended last night. 

Dalessandro's cheesesteak was AWESOME! Just the right amount of cheese and steak to bun ratio, serve Coke and a wide variety of beers, and offers up a friendly and inviting atmosphere. The quarters are a little cramped, but it was cool to sit at the counter to down the goods. Priced right too!

Can't wait to eat there again!
Stopped by during COVID times to get a few cheesesteaks. Got 3 cheesesteaks with whiz and a soda for $40. Mine was extra whiz and hots. I've been coming to Philly the last few months and trying new cheesesteak spots and this place is now at the top of my list. 

You order at one window and they call your name over a loud speak and then you go to another window to pick up. Service took maybe 15 minutes, not too long. 

The cheesesteaks is overflowing with meat. More then anywhere else I have tried. The meat is a bit more finely chopped then places like Joes or Pats. You specifically have to ask for whiz here as it is not their default cheese. I got hots and extra whiz. The hots were the right amount of hots. I do recommend the extra whiz because then each bit was ooey gooey. I liked it because it was  not dripping with grease and was toasty warm. The bun/roll that housed all that meat had good chew and was fresh and soft through out. So many places have hard stale ends on their rolls. The roll was also strong enough that it only got a little soggy towards the end of my cheesesteak. I'd return for sure!
The most amazing cheesesteak experience I've had here in Philly. The only downside is that I don't live closer (or maybe that is a good thing for my waistline.. haha). This place is literally always busy when I come. However, this last visit, I was able to snag a seat at the counter. 

Eating at the counter is such a different experience than taking it to go. All the endless options of toppings at your disposal. With three deliciously roasted  peppers  among other tasty condiments that I wouldn't think to order if taking it  to go. I absolutely enjoyed this experience and highly recommend this gem!
The best cheesesteak on earth.  I can't speak to anything else they serve or any unusual preparations, but their cheesesteak with onions or sauce is my favorite in the whole city, and is certainly a cut or two above of the places that you'll see on TV.

When I go back home, I always make a trip to Dalessandro's, but they are only open half the time.  Some days they close early, sometimes they'll close for a weekend, or a whole week- so call ahead.  If you're going out of your way- if you are a tourist, this will be out of your way, make sure of this.  If you do get burned, the place across the street ain't bad, but you're looking for the best, aren't you?
I saw the sandwich, and it opened up my eyes, I saw the sandwich. Their cheesesteaks are outstanding with my waistline expanding,
I saw the sandwich and it opened up my eyes, I saw the sandwich. No one's gonna drag you up to get into the line where you belong. But where do you belong? At Dalessandro's. My mushroom steak was outstanding. Pat who? Geno what? Long live Dalessandro's. The King of Cheesesteaks.
