I had a sore throat and all I could think about was soup. Dan Dan's wonton soup was EVERYTHING, (including extremely overpriced, but it really did the trick). Since I didn't want to place a delivery order just for soup, I also got the spicy cucumbers. Fantastic, but similarly overpriced for the amount you get.

That has always been my beef with Dan Dan. I've ordered from them before and between my husband and myself, there are almost never any leftovers, even with several dishes ordered. And did I mention it's expensive? 

Alas, Dan Dan is a once-in-a-while delivery option as opposed to once-a-week.
Dan Dan was opened by Han's (from Han Dynasty) sister Cat.  However, as she told us, Han is HER brother.  Judging by the food, point to her.  Mind you, I love Han Dynasty. Their menus are rather close.  However, even on similar dishes, Dan Dan offers a unique take.

We arrived for an 830 reservation with a group of 5. Unfortunately, we did have to wait for a bit since no tables were available.  Not wanting our wait to spoil a potential excellent experience, Cat came over to introduce herself and offered us a pair of comp appetizers for our troubles. This move was reflective of the overall top service we experienced.

We decided to go full family style and ordered 1) Dan Dan Noodles (duh), 2) Crispy Cucumbers, 3) Dumplings in Chili Oil, 4) Three Cup Chicken, and 5) Fish Dry Pot.  Everything was delish with no scraps to spare.  You'll see no pictures accompanying this review.  The five of us were hungry and took no chances.  The Dan Dan Noodles were tasty and similar to what you'd expect should you have had them at Han's.  The spicy crispy cucumbers were refreshing, cut differently than Han's with a bit more of a kick.  Likewise, the dumplings had more spicy than I remember.  The three cup chicken stole the show in my mind.  Generous portions of chicken.  Finally, I'm not a huge fan of dry pot, but kept going to more.  The larger dishes helped differentiate Dan Dan from Han Dynasty. 

Towards the end of our meal, Cat followed up with us and even had a few samples of the 'golden mushrooms' prepared for us since we hadn't tried them.  It was an outstanding experience from start to finish, even once the bill came.  A very affordable, delicious dinner for 5 (even with a few drinks).  Obviously I'll be back.  I might even slow down enough to take some pictures next time!
Dan.... Dan. 
Full disclosure.... One side of my brain read Dan Dan. While the other side of my brain was excited to see the Han Dynasty sign!! Guess which I though I was at when I circled the block twice to find a parking space. 
Anyway, I walked into this place at 11:20 and was the only person there. So I took a seat at the bar. Ordered a drink, then placed my order... spicy dumplings and an order of Dan Dan noodles. The dumplings were really spicy. And slippery!! I managed to not make a mess though... The noodles weren't as spicy and was more than enough for lunch.... There was upstairs seating available as well as the lower dining room in the rear of the first floor. The service from the hostess and bartender was attentive and friendly...
Not a bad ending for not being where I thought I was.
Regular readers know of my love for all things Han Chiang and his empire of Han Dynasty restaurants. So when I heard former managers Kevin and Catherina Huang opened up a spin-off in Rittenhouse, I had to check it out. The connection? Catherina Huang is Han's sister! 

Sure the Sichuan dishes are all there, but how does DanDan set itself apart from Han Dynasty? In a nutshell, the spice level seems tempered for the Rittenhouse crowd.

And to be frank, the GF was all about that because unlike me, she can't handle the heat! I kid, I kid, but let's go on it with it shall we?

Dan Dan Noodles [$7.95]

Han Chiang has "famously" (jokingly?) stated that he didn't trust Westerners with mixing their own noodles. So in similar fashion, DanDan mixes the noodles tableside for you as well! Toothsome with great texture, the dish had sweetness from the peanut dressing, with some light spice that hits you in the back of your throat. Could have used a bit more of the crisp pork bits and I'd personally opt for more spice, but this was perfect for the GF. And for less than $8, it's quite the portion. Ask for a bowl of rice and this could easily be lunch with leftovers to boot.

Fried Vegetable Potstickers [$6.95]

The potstickers were great, with a nicely crisp exterior despite a wonderfully gluttonous wrapper and a good melange of veggies within. The dipping sauce was sweet with a lightly spicy kick.

Pork Belly [$9.95]
Sweet garlic chili oil 

Obviously, I had to try DanDan's take on the pork belly app I love. These were spot on with a huge portion of thinly sliced roast pork belly. The chili oil was more sweet than hot and provided the necessary seasoning for the pork. With a bowl of rice, I was pretty much set. 

Cumin Pork [$12.95]
Stir fried, bell peppers, dried peppers, onions, cilantro

We also decided to try the cumin pork, which featured lusciously porcine strips crusted with cumin. This was mixed with onions and bell peppers with bite, with the spice coming through from the dried Sichuan peppers. The cilantro provided a nicely herbaceous element to the dish

DanDan's a great addition to the Rittenhouse area and is certainly tailored towards the neighborhood's tastes. That's not to say that they can't bump up the spice level to meet your Sichuan-spice needs! And the service? Wonderful! Our server Cati was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. DanDan should be getting their liquor license soon and their first floor is centered around the bar. It'll likely be a hot spot for happy hour, with a side of their eponymous noodles!
Dan Dan looks small and unassuming from the outside, but it's larger than it looks and houses a second floor dining area. It is tight quarters, but they can pack it in. As other Yelpers mention, it is overpriced compared to other good Chinese food options. With that said, the food was good and the service satisfactory. 

We were here for lunch and the lunch specials ranged in price from $10.45 - $12.95. Again, a bit higher than you would expect for Chinese lunch options and the portions are adequate, but not very large. 

We ordered the Dan Dan noodles as an appetizer. They were very tasty, but make sure you can bear the heat, because they are spicy. For lunch my table ordered Cumin with Chicken, Dry Pot with Chicken and Garlic Sauce with Pressed Tofu. The Cumin and Garlic sauce were both tasty. The Hot Pot was a bit of a let down, because it was the dish with the highest spiciness level, yet was bland and paled in comparison to the 1-star spice level of the Garlic Sauce dish.
Pretty sure I just found my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Yup, Dan Dan was THAT good. 

My boyfriend and I had dinner at this establishment and I cannot tell you how impressed I was with the food. I have been to quite a few Asian restaurants in my lifetime, but the Sichuan and Taiwanese here was just out of this world. I'm still dreaming about it as I type...

For starters we ordered the Scallion Pancakes and Fried Pot Stickers with chicken. Both were a good way to start our meal! The Scallion Pancakes were light and crisp and the potstickers were tasty and of a good portion size (5 pcs per order). Although the appetizers were great, the dishes we were to get next really get the gold medal...

My boyfriend and I were really struggling to make our choice in entrees (the menu is HUGE and everything sounds amazing), but we ultimately chose to get the Green Peppercorn Hot Sauce with pork and an order of the Dan Dan noodles. We were considering getting another main course entree, but our waitress was kind enough to give us a heads up that the Green Peppercorn is quite a big portion size. We decided to take her word for it and I'm so glad that we did. The bowl it is served in is huge and definitely enough for 2. Surprisingly we didn't even get through it all and I say "surprisingly" because we seriously couldn't stop eating it! It was incredible!

The Green Peppercorn was spicy and bursting with flavor. The pork we chose for our protein was cooked to perfection and was a great choice for the sauce. I don't usually choose pork when given a choice of proteins, but I think it was really the way to go with this dish. The Dan Dan noodles were one of their authentic meal choices and we knew we couldn't pass up on them. They were such a great side dish with the Green Peppercorn. I thought about mixing the noodles into the sauce, but they were so flavorful themselves, I couldn't dare mix them up! 

I can safely say that we were both very content with our dinner experience at Dan Dan! The prices are reasonable, the food was delicious, and staff is kind, friendly, and smiling away. :) I'm already looking forward to my next meal at Dan Dan!
The question you hear often is, "Which is better? Han Dynasty or Dan Dan?" (especially because Dan Dan is owned by Han's sister, FYI) 

My answer? Depends on what you get.

In my opinion, I would go to Dan Dan any day over Han Dynasty (HD) for their...

**Dan dan noodles! 
Mixed in an authentic, bold, and savory spicy peanut/sesame sauce that packs a punch. Their umami flavor is stronger than HD, which is exactly why I love it.  The noodles are also cooked to a perfect al dente texture. 
Compared to HD, this dish is less oily and doesn't rely on being drenched in red chili oil   or red peppers to appear as "spicy". Dan Dan relies on their creative culinary skills and fresh ingredients to overwhelm customers. A master chef at work indeed. 
- Another unique favorite of mine is the lesser known dish: Duck yolk enoki mushroom. Lightly batterer enoki mushroom coated rich aromatic duck yolk, to die for. Not many restaurants offer this, but it brought back great memories when I first had this dish in Hong Kong. 

I have yet to try more dishes, but I'm looking forward to in the future. Only thing I wish is that this place is bigger to accommodate more people. But as of now, I must say I am thoroughly impressed!
Details re: your next meal.

Great food. Bold flavor, pungent spices; smoked, braised, steamed, and stir-fried.

Long story short:
- A double-decker, and upscale Sichuan/Taiwanese themed restaurant. 
- Serves damn good food. Try the "Three Cup Chicken: pure awesomeness." 
- The " Baby High-Five Happy Hour "features $5 beverages, and bites on weekdays 4:30 p.m.- 7:00 p.m.
- Small space.
- Full-size entrees and small tasting plates
-  Gluten-free and vegetarian dishes can be accommodated. 

Four Yelps.
They are open and available for takeout and delivery during these challenging times (4/1/2020). This was my first time at this restaurant and the food was great. I can imagine it being even better fresh out of the kitchen. I think I have my go to "chinese" food takeout. It's a bit more expensive but I think worth it for the flavor. 

I got:

Scallion pancakes: nice thin and crunchy. Some places make this too thick and thus chewy; I really enjoyed the flavor and texture here. It comes with a sweet dipping sauce.

DanDan noodles: just the right amount of spice. The texture of the noodles is firm and fresh. 

Pork Belly and leaks: a nice caramelized dark sauce that is hard to resist. 

Snow pea leaves with garlic: rather standard stir fry with garlic. 

I highly recommend the pork belly and DanDan noodles together. It made an amazing combination!
Two words. Han Dynasty. This place is exactly like Han Dynasty but with some Taiwanese cuisine added on the menu. Supposedly...except I found the food here to be mediocre. What draws people in (at least what drew me in) is the hip trendy vibe the renovations of this establishment and the new-ness factor, but what brings them back should be the food. I don't think I would come back for the food. 

Minus the few authentic Sichuan cuisine items that people probably would not order, such as beef and tripe and tendon, there's really nothing authentic or special about the food in this restaurant. I don't know about you but there's no point for a Chinese person like me to go out and order mediocre Chinese food. Don't get me wrong, I'm not just talking about authenticity of my home country's cuisine. I love all Chinese food. There's authentic Chinese food (Sichuan, Hong Kong, Sanghai, Hunan, Yunnan, you name it..) and there's "fake" American Chinese food (like sesame chicken, kung po chicken, etc). I love them both because I love food. What I don't like is when mediocre food is sold off as some specicialized trendy cuisine with rip off prices. I feel like Dan Dan tries to do that.

Some food I've tried for lunch with a coworker:
1. Lo mein with Taiwanese sausage--I love Taiwanese sausage and occasionally crave lo mein so I ordered this dish. The Taiwanese sausage protein choice costed $2 than the others (pork, chicken, beef, etc). I expected like a WHOLE sausage sliced up in my lo mein. Nope. It was probably like a few thin strands of what looked like ham and that was it. The rest was just noodles and a few thin slices of cabbage. The noodles themselves were way too salty. This was very terrible fake Chinese food.

2. Kung pao pork--Not spicy at all, no flavor at all. Kung pao pork is supposed to be spicy!! They were good cuts of pork but flavor was something left to be desired. They might as well just called it pork n veggie stir fry with ornamental chillis and peanuts.

3. Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil--This dish was hot hot hot and tasted very similar to that found at Han Dynasty. However, I believe Han Dynasty's tasted slightly better from what I remembered.

4. Rice--I judge chinese restaurants by their rice. The rice here was overcooked and mushy. Not the best rice imo but that's up to you to decide.

Overall, the lunch menu was just ridiculous. Every lunch special entree sounded like the exact same thing. One choice of protien stir-fried with a vegetable and a soy-sauce based sauce. Chinese food should not be like this. There should be some thought that is put into the creation of the food! I don't go out to have you mass manufacture me a stir-fried salad in a wok with soy sauce. For that, there's better places like Honeygrow down the street.

Only upside to this place is the atmosphere was nice and presentation of the food in general was very nice and pleasing to the eye. All the waitstaff were very friendly. The service was good and the decor was fun. Each table came with a cast iron tea pot, a caraffe of water, and bright orange coasters. On the flip side, I was dissappointed to find out that although the tea came in a fancy pot (like the sets you see in Teavana) the tea was just your plain old boring weak Chinese restaurant tea water. It wasn't even anything like oolong or jasimne.

 The decor is pretty much what you're paying for, that and the location in Center City. I suspect all the decor will get old and unappealing from wear and tear. I already saw this happening with their paper menus. They were dotted with specks of food and grease marks from patrons touching them over and over. I really think DanDan should consider regularly reprinting the menus so people don't lose their appetite from looking at the grime on them.

The food is just really so-so and disappointing at a higher than normal price, too. There's really NO reason to eat this food in Rittenhouse when you can get this elsewhere in Chinatown for less than HALF the price. This place gives me the impression of trying too hard to be cool, when the food doesn't match the expectations set by the decor or the location. There's tons of better food in Rittenhouse that deserve the prices they charge.

Perhaps I'll revisit and try something off the full menu just to be fair and give DanDan a second pass, but for now, I would say avoid for lunch.
Sadly to say I'm not impressed. The Dan Dan noodle was very creamy and not as flavorful as it smelled. I went around 11:30am and said they ran out of the Taiwanese hamburger...The beef noodle soup was bland. We also got the dry pot dish with shrimp. It was okay, but I was super thirsty after. When I asked about our beef noodle soup the server/manager was really annoyed looking. Smile dude! Don't have an annoyed look on your face. 
I really wanted to love this place, but I guess my expectations were too high.
I can see why everyone has been talking about Dan Dan since it opened a few years ago. Being able to enjoy delicious Chinese food in a slightly more trendy, upscale environment than Chinatown while staying in Center City is pretty nice. 

The restaurant isn't super big so my friend made a reservation ahead of time. We were seated promptly upstairs at a cozy table for two next to the wall overlooking the bar.  

I knew going into it I had to try the Dan Dan noodles. I'd feel wrong going to Dan Dan and not doing this. In my quest not to stuff myself, order multiple noodle dishes and try something chilled, I started with the Scallion Baby Shrimp. That easily could've been a meal within itself. The scallion sauce was good enough to drink. It was very garlicy in a good way and clung onto the baby shrimp making them explode with flavor. The Dan Dan noodles were perfect. Not overly spicy, but with a nice chili-based flavor. 

I walked away with leftovers of both. For the portion sizes and quality the price was right. We were also in and out in about an hour while still having a fairly relaxed meal. 

There were so many other things on the menu I wanted to try. It'll be hard to go to Dan Dan again without having their staple dish, but I'll hopefully be able to power through. Or perhaps that's why leftovers were invented.
Covid-19 Outdoor Dining Review

The outdoor dining area, although right on the street is made inviting by several planter benches with colorful vinca flowers.  Our server wore a mask and gloves, despite the heat, and was very friendly and professional.  

Dan Dan is a bit overpriced and portions are small compared to other good Chinese food options.  We were here for lunch, although they do not offer lunch specials.  It was a standard menu.  We ordered the Ginger Scallion Chicken and the Scallion Pancakes.  Both items were really good. 

In the past , we have ordered the Dan Dan noodles. They were very tasty, but make sure you can bear the heat, because they are spicy. I've also had the Cumin with Chicken, Dry Pot with Chicken and Garlic Sauce with Pressed Tofu. The Cumin and Garlic sauce were both tasty. The Hot Pot was a bit of a let down, because it was the dish with the highest spiciness level, yet was bland and paled in comparison to the 1-star spice level of the Garlic Sauce dish.
I love spicy food.  Since i look like a basic white girl, most places give me the side eye when I order something hot.  But not Dan Dan they brought my dish out just right!  So that says a lot! 

My server was great, the food came out quickly, and my mom and I had a tremendous lunch.  

I thought the vegan options were good and the server knew what sauces were vegan and which were not. 

The prices for lunch were adorable and everything seemed like a good value for what we paid.

I would rather eat here than Han dynasty absolutely any day!
5 Stars for the actual restaurant--food, service and decor and service--it's great.
1 star for online delivery through Caviar. 
So: 3 stars, I guess, as an average.
But if it were a weighted average, as my ratio of online delivery to dine-in experience at Dan Dan is roughly 10:1, maybe this rating should be 1 star. But that would be unfair to the restaurant.

I wish Dan Dan used a different delivery website, because I just found out that Caviar rips off its delivery people. I order delivery from here pretty often, and I've paid Caviar a lot of money as a result. I just found out from the last delivery person that Caviar pays them less than 50% of what we customers pay to the site in the form of fixed service and delivery fees, a sum that's roughly 20-25%of most orders. I didn't mind it, because that's usually what I tip delivery people.

Now, however, I can no longer order through Caviar and, as a consequence, from Dan Dan. For I believe that the site's fixed fee for service and delivery should mostly, if not completely, go to the hard-working people who do the actual service and delivery. 

Unless Dan Dan changes its online delivery provider, or takes orders through the phone and allows me to tip the delivery person in cash, their food will no longer form a large part of my diet, which sucks because I really love this restaurant's food.
Dan Dan is so good! The dan dan noodles, the spicy cucumbers, the dumplings in chili oil, and the spring rolls are all great options. 

Great customer service. I would recommend.
Always love a good Asian meal, and Dan Dan provided just that. It's located in the middle of all the action in Philly and is pretty easy to get to if you're staying nearby. The place has kind of a modern/trendy feel to it and there are multiple floors.

Came here for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon and had the Kung Pao shrimp and some spicy wontons with pork. The Kung Pao was good. Shrimp seemed fresh and the overall sauce was a good mix of peanuts and vegetables. I've had better version of this dish elsewhere, but it was good. The spicy wontons were really good. Not very spicy, but a delicious dish.

The service was great and moved very quickly. The food was on the table within minutes of ordering it and overall they seem to be turning over tables at a fast pace. 

Good food, great service and a cool atmosphere for either lunch or dinner.
Dan Dan gets an A+ for it's chic, modern, and upscale ambience as well as it's attentive, friendly service. I wouldn't mind sitting here forever chatting with a friend or colleague. Unfortunately, the restaurant falls a little short when it comes to their food. My friend and I started off with the pork belly in garlic chili oil, which we both enjoyed. The garlic chili oil could have used a bit more garlic, but that would probably have probably been a bad idea considering I spent the entire time chatting (no thanks garlic breath). The Dan Dan noodles and beef noodle soup were both underwhelming. The noodles for both were way too soggy and lacked the bouncy consistency characteristic of freshly made noodles. The beef noodle soup looked and smelled amazing, but lacked heat and flavor. 

All in all, everything at Dan Dan looks great, but tastes average. If you're looking for authentic Chinese noodles, it's probably worth the trip to head over to Chinatown instead.
If you name a restaurant after your star dish (See: The Cheesecake Factory*) then you best deliver on that dish. Dan Dan's dan dan noodles were good, yes, but not the best I ever had.  In fact, I liked their sesame noodles and their dumplings better.  

The service was impeccable and I greatly appreciated the many helpful folks that waited on us.  The people watching is pretty awesome too - especially if you get one of the seats up front. 

The prices seemed a smidge high, though this is Rittenhouse. 

*I do not care for The Cheesecake Factory, but they do make a mean cheesecake.
I love this place.  You can not beat the Happy Hour pricing for food anywhere. The DanDan noodles are really good and very spicy, which I loved.  Also, they are MUCH better than HanDynasty's dry ass DanDan noodles, so do yourself a favor and get the noodles from here. I gave the place four stars because the bartenders really never get my order right. Like, literally, not one time have they ever gotten it right.
This is one of the diamond in the rough finds in Philly. The food can't get anymore authentic than this.

I was browsing on Yelp for restaurants close by and found this gem and made a reservation using the Yelp app. Upon entering, we were promptly seated on the 2nd floor. The ambience is really modern and sleek with their wooden decor and furniture, along with a slight oriental feeling as they had lanterns hanging from the ceiling. Makes for a great place for a dinner date.

My gf and I split two things on the menu: an appetizer and an entree. Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil is served cold and contains peanuts. It is a great way to prepare your taste buds for the spicy food you're about to conquer, hopefully. For the entree, we got the Spicy Aromatic Pot w Fish. This contained bunapi and wood ear mushrooms, onion, bamboo shoots, dry pepper, cauliflower, bell peppers, sesame, potato, and five spices all stir fried with your choice of protein. We were able to get these dishes less spicy, although it was still pretty spicy to make you sweat.

The only down side is that the service is a little on the slow side. It took us a while for us to place our order in with them and have our drinks served to us upon ordering. The items can be on the pricey side, but for what they serve, I think it's worth it.
My, oh my, Philly you are doing it right these days. I'm so happy to see more Asian restaurants open up with trendy decor, about time they get on that bus!
Although you can walk 0.5 miles east for food that is half the price of Dan Dan, you cannot deny the great service and ambience Dan Dan has to offer.

I came here on a tuesday evening around 5:30pm and there were only a few people here. The restaurant has an open loft concept, so noise levels can be tricky. The bar is in the middle of the room with a few small tables against the window. We had a reservation and we were led upstairs where there was additional seating.

Being a huge spice and noodle fanatic, I had to get the dan dan noodles. My friend and I also ordered the twice cooked fish. Fish is amazing if it's cooked right with the szechuan flavors, so I had my expectations up.

The service was on point - the waiters were very friendly and honest about their opinions when I asked about their recommendations. They were not too pushy and they definitely paced the meal well. 

The noodles were peanut(y), which had a kick! I was pleasantly surprised. The fish was tasty, as for the sauce, it reminded me of black bean sauce. Nonetheless, paired with rice and the noodles, we were pretty full at the end of the day. The portions were just right!

I'd still prefer going to chinatown, but I'd recommend this place to anyone who just needs their szechuan fix in Rittenhouse!
Menu and food is almost identical to Han Dynasty in University City which is a good thing.  I've read the owners of this restaurant used to manage and operate that Han Dynasty and her brother started Han Dynasty.  So, I basically ordered what I enjoyed at Han Dynasty - the dan dan noodles and double cooked pork belly.  My wife wanted to try something new so we got the Pickled Chili style shrimp.  Now, let me tell you, that was the star entree for the evening.  It was perfect.  I would order this every time I dine there.   The Chinese cabbage with Dry peppers was pretty good too.  Now, the reason I didn't give this place five stars was the disappointing Taiwanese style Zhajiangmian.  I thought it was too sweet and I didn't like the flavors too much.  Glad this is in Center City, so you don't have to drive to University City during rush hour traffic.
We ordered delivery through Caviar and while we had some hiccups (the delivery time kept getting delayed), it still arrived and was packed very well. 

We are Taiwanese and always love a taste of home, but at most restaurants find that either the noodles aren't fresh, or that the minced pork dishes aren't the right fattiness/ratio to rice, or soup is overly salty. At Dan Dan, everything is just right. 

We ordered a non-spicy dan dan noodles, which was really delicious. Noodles were fresh and perfect consistency. We also ordered the beef noodle soup, which wasn't overly doused in soy sauce and was just right in beef, noodles, greens and the broth was light. Finally, the minced pork and rice was our favorite. Just the right amount of fattiness you want from the pork belly....really tasted like a bowl from Taiwan. The green beans appetizer were okay; a little too much liquid/vinegar. 

Overall, we were very happy with the quality and authentic taste of Dan Dan's food.
I was happy with my take out from Dan Dan. The menu included perfect descriptions which I appreciate considering some mishaps in the past at similar places. For instance I could clearly read the difference between the Wontons in spicy oil versus the dumplings in spicy oil, the former being sour and the latter being sweeter. I had the dumplings and they were perfect little morsels of tingly favor. I also had the garlic style entree with chicken. Very good as well and the portion was legit. Thumbs up for me.
Review of the soft opening:

Atmosphere: Asian minimalist, clean, city, welcoming. 

Service: hey it's the first night! Waitress was very informative and knowledgeable for vegetarians (all the way down to the oyster sauce). 

Food: Dan Dan Noodles are delicious and on point. Perfect combo of peanut and pepper oil. Mapo Tofu featured a silky tofu with a delicious flavor that had a spicy kick. Fiery Ribeye Brew Pot is enough for 2-3 people and features spice spice spice!

We will be back to explore the menu and see this place when it's running on all cylinders. 

Don't worry the spice can be adjusted on all dishes!
Sichuan & Taiwanese style food are one of my new favs because of this dinner. I am so happy we decided to try this restaurant tonight. The dishes were all flavorful, excellently prepared and the presentation made everything look that much better. We ordered The Fried Pot Stickers and Scallion Pancakes for appetizers. Both were delicious and had a fabulous tasting sauce to accompany each of them. We ordered several entrees, Ginger Shredded Duck, Chicken w/ Garlic Sauce and a special which was called  Lions Meatballs or something like that :) I don't want to go into too many specifics about each dish but I can say that we polished every last bite off of every last plate. The portions were large enough to take home, but nothing made it into the doggie bag. Ya know what I'm saying?
Small and quaint so I imagine reservations would be a good decision for dinner. We were lucky enough that we ate early and was seated immediately. Y'all those Dan Dan noodles are the stuff dreams are made of. I can't even describe how much we enjoyed our meal. We bagged up our leftovers and enjoyed them just as much the next day. Go here, you won't regret it.
It was very busy for take out order but it's hard to justify finding a plastic piece in my stir fried that I chewed on.

I do like the flavors of the foods but they can be very greasy especially the noodle soups, there's literally an inch of oil on the broth, and when I asked the waitstaff she told me it is how they prepare the broth so there's nothing she can do.

There should be a thin layer of hot oil, yes, but not an inch, never this over the top. Many ways to improve.

I lived in both Sichuan and Taiwan for years so I think I am more than qualified to give this judgment.
All the times I've walked past this restaurant I cannot believe what my tastebuds have been missing!!! This past Sunday I came across a post on IG about their vegan options, I immediately ordered their cabbage, snow pea leaves, dan dan noodles (without pork), spring rolls and scallion pancakes. I am usually really good with taking pics but after taking 1 bite I couldn't stop and failed to take pics of my food...this should tell you how amazingly happy I was with my food. I managed to get 1 pic in though, after taking several bites lol, of the cabbage with dry peppers. I have eaten alot of cabbage in my life and I have never tasted cabbage prepared like this....my tastebuds were literally having a party with each bite...it was SO Delicious!! Welp, looks like I've found a new food addiction lmbo
Scrumdidlyumptious!

We got some take out from here on a rainy night and it hit the spot!

We had ordered the dan dan noodles (a must) and the scallion pancakes (another must)! 

I found the noodles to be a bit bland when eating on their own, so seasoned them up to my liking. I liked that they took on flavor without losing their appeal of noodles. I was afraid that I would be inhaling just the spices I added in, but it was a pretty savory experience. 

The pancakes also were delicious! The scallions didn't overpower the doughy pancake but it was nice twist on the breakfast staple. 

We didn't sit inside so not able to review the ambience but the food is solid! Will try to come back here for a sit down experience!
I would give Dan Dan four stars if I reviewed it in 2016 when it just opened. Dandan offers a smart crossover of Sichuanese and Taiwanese cuisines. The food is delicious and authentic, which I really like. The price is slightly high, probably because of its central location. The decor is decent, with a full bar downstairs and extra seating area on the second floor. I'd say it's a rare yet solid joint to grab authentic Chinese food in Center City.

In terms of food, I can say that the Dan Dan noodles here are pretty authentic, as the dish is from my hometown (Chengdu). Most dishes under the "Authentic Noodles" section of their menu are worth trying. I also like chicken in chili oil, three-cup chicken, fried Taiwanese sausage (sweet),  and Taiwanese minced pork rice.

However, having been here at least 5 times over the past year, I witness the downward trend in service. Dan Dan's service was much better when it just opened in 2016, but my recent two visits were below my expectation. Both the receptionists and the servers were lukewarm at best. Particularly, if you are seated on the second floor, you are more likely to be ignored. The servers barely filled our water during the meals, which is much needed when you ordered spicy Sichuanese food.

I don't mind Dan Dan is slightly more expensive than restaurants in Chinatown for its decor and location. Nevertheless, Dan Dan should not feel okay as long as their service beats most other Chinese restaurants, as its competitors are the nicer establishments in Center City. This could be really bad for their business.
Dan Dan has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Love the ambiance this place provides, whether sitting at the bar or a table upstairs. 

I've tried a lot of things on the menu and here are my favorites:
OBVIOUSLY the Dan Dan Noodles- large serving, delicious flavor
Spicy Crispy Cucumbers- I don't know what's in this dish but these are AMAZING 
Pork belly with sweet garlic chili oil- before I came here, I had never had a cold pork belly appetizer. But this is amazing. Get this.
Taiwanese minced pork rice- for only $1.95 this makes a great side or appetizer

I honestly haven't eaten a main entree from the menu that has wowed me like the above mentioned items have. I usually get a combination (or all) of those items and add a veggie side (the bok choy and the string beans are my fav). 

They have a ginger soda on the drink menu that I believe they make in house- it's really something special and I always choose this over a cocktail.

Dan Dan's food is constantly amazing. The flavors are always on point. This is a great place to bring friends visiting from out of town who have never tried Sichuan or Taiwanese food
Okay... we didn't get any photos because we were hungryyyy and ate everything once it came. 

Get the Dan Dan noodles! But when they tell you a 3/5 for spice... don't take that lightly. The noodles were sooooo spicy but the flavor was absolutely amazing even with our lips on fire. I wanted to go back and back again the whole weekend that we were there. We also had the spring rolls which were really crispy and delicious. 

We came Christmas Day, it was extremely packed and so many pick up orders were coming in however we were able to sit at some very tightly squeezed seats at the bar, which the bartender was so attentive and our food came out pretty quickly for how busy it was! 

I believe the bartenders name was Daren and he was amazing fyi!
SICHUAN FOOD lives here.

i've been to Han Dynasty & E Mei in the city and Dan Dan definitely takes home the trophy for best sichuan food so far in Philly. 

dan dan noodles here are the best i've had. noodles are perfectly cooked with a slight hint of peanut which i love.

my favorite dish here is the spicy tofu fish. the burrata like tofu is so soooo heavenly with the flavorful sauce and fish. i could eat this every night.

the dry pepper chicken, good but i could definitely go for some bigger pieces of chicken instead of these little scrappy guys. 

the sichuan fried rice was a bit too salty for my taste but my boyfriend seemed to enjoy it.

all in all, great service, ambiance and food. what more do you need?
Dan dan is a great option for an authentic Chinese take-out in the heart of Center City. I swing by on my way back home and order ahead on the phone. I would advise calling ahead 20-25 minutes in advance especially around dinner time (6-8 pm) because the restaurant does tend to get busy. My favorite dishes to order are the spicy cucumber appetizer (it's actually really spicy...), dan dan noodles, cabbage with red peppers, and the beef lo mein. Prices are a little high but the location of the restaurant (16 and sansom/walnut) makes it a very convenient dinner option.
Brace yourself folks because Dan Dan will knock your socks off. This place will your tickle your taste buds and leave you feeling satisfied. Disclaimer: be prepared to leave the restaurant with your pants unbuttoned. Yup, this place is just THAT good. I couldn't put my fork down.

I'll start with the atmosphere. Modern, clean, nice but not necessarily upscale. It is on the smaller side and did seem busy so I'd recommend making a reservation in advance. There are regular tables, bar seating, and high top tables. There are two separate levels... I didn't get to check out the upstairs though.

Service was great. I was with a group of six and the restaurant was very accommodating. We had a reservation and had to make it later (twice). They were really nice and didn't give me an issue about it at all. On top of that, we were running a little late. Again, they had no problem with it despite the place being packed.

The food is extremely flavorful. The best part is that they can adjust the spice level of any dish according to your preference. My group ordered the following dishes: 
- Dry pot dish with lamb: served under a flame which keeps it nice and hot
- Garlic sauce dish with shrimp: hands down my favorite dish, portion size was smaller than the green peppercorn dish
- Green peppercorn hot sauce dish with chicken: massive quantity, very good, loved the curry
- Pork dumplings in chili sauce
- Dan Dan noodles: a must order with any meat dish, good compliment to some of the spicer meat dishes
- Fried Taiwanese sausage
- Scallion pancakes: flakey and crispy, would order again

But if there's one thing you take away from this review, it's that you NEED to order the Dan Dan Pandan drink. It consists of coconut milk, pandan jelly, and Shipwreck coconut rum. Believe me when I say it is so refreshing and delicious. I am by no means a rum drinker but I just couldn't get enough of this drink. The sweetness of the coconut milk really masks the taste of the alcohol. I loved the pandan jelly aka tiny, chewy jelly-like balls at the bottom of the drink. It had a similar consistency as the tapioca balls that are found in bubble tea. I would highly recommend this drink!

Do yourself a favor and check this place out.
I'm obsessed with this place. Best Szechuan food I ever had. Dan Dan noodles are amazing. Their chili oil has a distinguishing flavor to it compared to other chili oil you find at Szechuan cuisine.
So after going through the typical evening routine: 
"where do you want to go for dinner?" 
"I don't know..."
We decided we would try Dan Dan. I had recently been introduced to Dan Dan noodles (why has it taken so long for me to stumble across these noodles sent from heaven??) and as spicy food hound I am, I jumped at the chance for a little spice. 

Naturally, by the time we decided on where we were going to eat it was later in the evening. It was a Friday night and we arrived to Dan Dan probably around 8:45? The place was still pretty crowded with lots of people picking up food and moving about. 

This is why it is 4 stars instead of 5. When we arrived the hostess wouldn't make eye contact with us for at least 5 minutes of us waiting there. It was odd. Instead of asking if we could wait a minute she just ignored us as she handled other costumers. She was really friendly once she wrapped up with the other patrons, but it was a weird 5 minutes. Also, the waiting space is tiiiiny. You are basically pushed up against a wall because people still have to get by and there are bar stools in the aisle. I'm docking the star for basically this reason alone. Maybe I'm just awkward and I felt awkward waiting in that space when I was very obviously in the way...?

Other than that the experience was GREAT! We were seated upstairs which was cozy and intimate. Our server was extremely nice and helpful. She even told us tricks about reheating noodles and leftovers (ya right.. like we had leftovers.. HA!). She was very attentive though and refilled our rice and drinks without skipping a beat.

We started with the Dan Dan noodles (of course!) and they were perfect. They mix them up fresh at the table. As they mix you can smell the wafting spice and peanuts. I would say that bowl could probably be split with one or two other people. It is a pretty decent size portion! I also don't think it is too spicy but has just enough kick to taste it. However, I have an impervious pallet for spice so I might be a bad judge? 

For my main meal I tried the Sichuan Farmer's Dry Pot Lamb. HOLY MOLY. Friends-- this is delicious! It is spicy and lamb-y all at once and it is the perfect combination. I think Dan Dan really nailed the flavor combination here. I could not stop eating it even well after I was full. It was a really fantastic dry pot. I would order again.. and again..
Bougee. This restaurant is the perfect definition of a down-town, "classy", Chinese restaurant. While I do say the food is pretty good, I don't really consider them a true Chinese restaurant. They offer a western spin on Chinese food. 

This place is pricey, but that's expected for a restaurant that's looks to be modern in Downtown Philly. The fried taiwanese sausages were nothing special, even a bit different tasting than the traditional ones I've had. The noodles are average in my opinion; you can definitely get better noodles at places like Nan Zhou or Sang Kee. I honestly consider them an average restaurant. If you want authentic, better tasting Chinese food, just go to Chinatown.

The service here was also average. I came with a guest, and we were the only two people in the whole place at that time. Food still took about 20-30 minutes to be served when there was no other business. It could be a sign of careful plating, but I think it's more of just slow workmanship. 

Not a bad place, but head over to Chinatown for better, cheaper options.
i've been here twice since they opened, and i must say, they do a good job of providing good food and ambiance with teh right price. Their dandan noodles are quite good! (although i think the spiciness went down a lot the second time i tried it), and their portions and all their sichuan dishes are pretty on par (just as they should be instead of trying to make it super mild and bland like a lot of other places do). i also tried their taiwanese three cup chicken which was good (a bit on the sweeter side tho), with great presentation and AMAZING portion sizes for their price. also a great ambiance. 
definitely recommend it.
I enjoyed my dinner via from Dan Dan via UberEats this evening. I ordered the Dan Dan noodles and two spring rolls. My food arrived super hot! The spring rolls were light and very crispy and came in a reusable container. I've had Dan Dan noodles before from Han Dynasty so I kind of know what to expect. Noodles from Dan Dan were good but a bit drier than I liked. No biggie though. I'll most likely order again.
The food here is really salty, but to their credit, they counter that effect by keeping you well-hydrated with water and tea. 

We tried a variety of dishes, including the Dan Dan Noodles, the Three Cup Chicken, sautéed string beans, and cumin crusted pork. The Dan Dan noodles were good, but perhaps, not better than the ones from Han Dynasty. Aside from being salty, the rest of the dishes were pretty standard. 

Perhaps this restaurant is working through kinks that typically occur when opening a new restaurant. They are currently BYOB, but have a pending liquor license. The interior of the restaurant is very cute and modern, and the service is really good. It gets really packed in here, so I highly recommend making a reservation. 

I look forward to checking out this place again once the food becomes less salty.
Heard about this place through the Philly food grapevine. 

I'm not the biggest szechuan fan but i do enjoy trying new Asian restaurants. My expectations are always lower when ethnic restaurants establish locations in "higher-end" areas of the city (any city). 

My friend and I work near here so we decided to try it out during lunch...we were scared the wait would be long but fortunately, we were a party of 2! 

Ordered the Dan Dan, bao (hamburger), and ginger scallion fish (white sauce). 

I haven't had Dan Dan noodles in a long time, but i thought the noodles were overcooked, a weirdly large portion which messed up the meat ratio, and lacked scallions/onions on top which provides additional crunch texture. The sauce wasn't what i remember a "good" dandan is suppose to be. Between two people, we couldn't finish it (it also has something to do with the large portion). I will say, i'm on a low carb diet, so i get full off of carbs easily.  

The bao was pretty expensive--$5 for one. I guess that's KINDA comparable to NYC's ippudo's baos (2 for $9). But Dandan's bao wasn't that good. The only part i liked was the bao itself, nice fluffy, hint of sweetness. The filling just didn't do it for me. THe pork belly was good, but the garnish and sauces just didn't go well together (in my opinion). 

The ginger scallion dish with the fish was the least szechuan dish. It actually tasted more cantonese which isn't a bad thing. It was actually the best dish out of the three. I wish there was more fish. There was a bed of bokchoy (my favorite) and the sauce was very nice and not too overwhelming. 

misses
-served lukewarm/cool tea
-basic white rice was not good and lukewarm. 
-service was good then kinda fell off at the end (10+ minutes for check). this should be addressed during lunch hours since workers have limited lunch time.
This was a bit of a weird experience for us. 

The food: pretty good - overall savory and spicy but nothing out of the ordinary. We had the farmhouse beef, twice cooked chicken, and some dan dan noodles. I liked the peanut flavor of the dan dan noodles, and they were a good chewy texture. There was a ton of chicken in my dish with a nice amount of heat. The unfortunate part was it wasn't overwhelmingly different from my bf's beef dish.

In terms of service: We showed up with a group on a Saturday night for an early reservation. Unfortunately, some of our party was late, really late about 30ish min. Within 20 min, id say our waiter was visibly upset. And by the end of the dinner, he was outright annoyed and rude to our group. We had some trouble sorting our bill, and I understand we probably weren't the favorite table of the night, but the loss of professionalism was evident. Considering our experience, this place won't be my first choice, but I still enjoyed our food.
The food isn't strictly authentic and has been slightly Americanized but some dishes are tasty.

I prefer the sesame cold noodles over the dan dan noodles since the sauce is less savory and more balanced between salty and sweet. Both dishes utilize the same noodles which have a nice texture, not too thick, and good chewiness.

The lychee fish dish wasn't too bad either. I like the light breaded, fried texture of the fish by itself...it didn't even need the sweet gooey sauce that came with.
Knock your socks off good! The twice cooked fish was one of the best dishes I have ever had. Period. The scallion pancakes were wonderful and the complimentary jasmine tea hit the spot. How have I not been here before? Worth the hype which I find few places are.
Amazing flavors and execution, and very friendly lunchtime service. I absolutely loved my Cumin Lamb Lunch Special ($11.25) which came with a heaping bowl of perfectly-cooked, high-quality rice. The Vegetarian String Beans ($9.95) were intensely wrinkled (this is what you want) and firm to the bite - the best I've had in recent memory.

I'm glad I stopped here for my last meal in town! Dan Dan has earned a spot in the first day of meals on my next trip to Philadelphia - I can't wait to try the signature Dan Dan Noodles.
Ordered delivery during the shutdown and it was one of my favorite meals so far. We had the dan dan noodles, the sichuan beef noodle soup, and cumin fried tofu. Everything was delicious and a good amount of spice. I'm normally a Han Dynasty fan (sorry, Dan Dan), but Dan Dan did a fantastic job and honestly, I've been disappointed with Han Dynasty's delivery recently. Order was timely and tasty so that's 5 stars in my book.
I want to give this place a few more goes before giving it 5 stars but it is well on its way to becoming my favorite Szechuan place in Philly...even more than Handy Nasty!

Wonton soup dumplings were so ON POINT. Absolutely delicious and some airy and light along with the rich broth.

Dan Dan Noodles are combined tableside and are some of the best I've had.

Dumplings in chili oil provide less heat and a huge amount of flavor. 

When we visited they were still BYOB but have since gotten their liquor license. So another visit will soon be in order!
The smartest thing this place did was call itself Dan Dan. This city is in love with that dish thanks to a certain Mr. Han Chiang, so that was a pretty clever move.

The food is decent, though they sometimes lean on the side of salt rather than flavor. The prices are also rather high for the amount of food you actually get. It also legitimately bothers me when a Chinese restaurant claiming to serve authentic Chinese food is primarily staffed with servers who do not know the Chinese names of the dishes they offer. (some things I just don't know in English!)

It's probably the best Chinese food you are going to find in Center City, but I'd rather hike the extra few blocks and hit up Handy Nasty (see: City, Old) or cross the Schuylkill and visit Chili Szechuan (see: City, University).
I went to DanDan with a friend on a craving for some spicy food while in Rittenhouse. Some other friends had recommended DanDan as a good place to try, so we decided to check it out. We walked in and were seated immediately. The ambiance in the restaurant was more upscale than I was expecting for an Asian noodle shop, but I guess that's to be expected in Rittenhouse. There's also more seating than meets the eye. There's two levels to the restaurant, the first having the bar and high top seating, and the upper level with more low seating. We sat on the upper level, which had more of the restaurant feel.

We ordered a pork dry pot and a spicy Sichuan fish dish. It took a while to cook, but it was very delicious. The dry pot isn't actually a dry pot, by the way, it's got a fair bit of sauce. It wasn't as spicy as advertised until I bit one of the peppers, and that put it over the top. You could definitely taste the wok flame, and it was a simple but tasty dish. The Sichuan fish was also very good, with minced pork and spicy chili peppers. The fish was especially soft, and the sauce was incredible with the rice. I would definitely recommend DanDan as an option for spicy food to hit that Chinese food craving!
Wish I could review their food but alas I cannot because the hostess screwed up and gave our table away then informed us they wouldn't be able to accommodate us prior to the restaurant closing.  This place is built for two tops so if you go as a party bigger than that be prepared to,wait a long time.  We arrived at 8 pm as a table of four, we were told there was a "little wait" of 30 min to one hour... Pretty big spectrum neither of which are a little wait especially when you're 7 months pregnant and hungry....  We gave our phone number and were told we would receive a phone call when there was a spot for us.  We went across the street to marathon grill where the rest of my party enjoyed a glass of wine.  An hour later when we had not received a call yet I went to check on the situation, two people walked in before me and the hostess told them there was no wait and they could be seated immediately.  Once I got to the hostess I told her we had not received a call yet and were on the waiting list so I'm surprise she told the last couple there was no wait. She tried to tell me she called us which she did not my husbands phone was on the table at Marathon the whole time and never rang.  Then she said she just gave away the only table that could be pushed together to form a 4 top and that it could be another hour which would be their closing time so they wouldn't be able to accommodate us...  Unbelievable!  Was looking forward to trying is place but will just stick with Han Dynasty where they know how to run a restaurant...
I am really loving Dan Dan.  

The place has great ambiance and absolutely delicious food!  

The spicy crispy cucumber is to die for.  My friends and I are obsessed with the sauce!  We also really enjoy the dumplings in chili oil.

Eggplant in garlic sauce is yummy, very flavorful. 

I also really enjoyed the Lychee Fish.  It was light and delectable!  Full of flavor, and a nice addition to any meal.  It had a sweetness to it and I could not get enough!

I am also a huge fan of their noodles.  I have had the cold noodles with chili oil which are out of this world!!  Just make sure you stir the noodles and the sauce a bunch before you start eating!  The Dan Dan noodles are also awesome, again, make sure you stir the noodles in the sauce before you eat.  This way you get maximum flavor and yummy-ness!

I was not a huge fan of the dry pepper shrimp that many people have recommended.   The shrimp still have their shells on, so all of the seasoning is lost once you take the shell off...unless I am eating it wrong?  I would give it another chance if someone had any tips! ***EDIT: Apparently my friend and I were eating these wrong and you leave the shells on and eat them!  I will certainly try these again next time I visit the restaurant!***

You get a lot of food for your buck here.  Especially for Rittenhouse square, the restaurant is relatively inexpensive considering the location and the amount of food you get!  

They are relatively new and seem to be a bit overwhelmed with how busy they have been so far, but I suggest to stick it out and don't judge if things seem a bit frazzled when you get here.  The food and service is great once you give it a chance!

Definitely check this place out and enjoy!!  I suggest getting a few things and sharing if you go with others, certainly worth trying a bunch of stuff!


I cannot wait to go back!
I love Han Dynasty, and now there's a spin off from it? Yesssss. This place has a modern feel, its super clean, and has an extremely friendly staff. There was a couple next to us that wanted a few dishes explained to them because of their strict diet and the chef came out to help them figure it out.. talk about awesome service. 
Looking at the menu, its very similar to Han Dynasty. But its basically the same cuisine, so I guess its expected? The only major difference I noticed in the menu is that the food isn't as spicy as Han Dynasty [which I personally appreciate]. They also give a nice hot tea, which isn't super sweet so it helps cleanse the palate so you don't have a lingering spice taste all day. 
Okay so onto the dishes... 
Dan Dan Noodles [I had to]
Similar to Han Dynasty and oh so delicious. They bring a decent size bowl out of noodles and mix it up for you tableside so each and every piece is covered in an amazing combo of a slighty sweet peanut sauce and a spicy sauce. Each bite has a sweet peanut taste that ends with a nice spicy kick. 
Veggie Potstickers
About 5 green potstickers, fried, and stuffed with a light yet tasty filling. The sauce was amazing... I could taste the fresh ginger and garlic with every dip! The only downside to these was the oil... like superr oily. I almost wanted to ask for a napkin to blot these [like i do with all my pizza! ha]
Chicken in Garlic Sauce
We just ordered this blindly because I wanted to try everything on the menu and couldn't decide... and I'm so glad we randomly chose this. This dish is packed with flavor but it isn't super spicy. I don't know how they did it, but it won me over. A little bit of rice mixed in with this saucy dish made for a perfect lunch.

Wonderful service, food, and ambiance. These guys are doing it right. If they keep it up, I can see this place being very successful. Can't wait to come back and try everything else on the menu.
This place was one of the very few open on Christmas Day, so we stopped in here. We are so happy we stopped here as it exceeded our expectations.

Despite having a second floor, this place filled up quickly because it has limited seating. Reservations would be smart if you want to eat here during a busy time. I would recommend waiting for a table if you can...some people who were seated at one side of the bar had to constantly get up from their seats to allow others to get in and out.

The food was absolutely amazing. We ordered the scallion pancakes which were crispy and lovely. We also ordered the Dan Dan noodles which were floury and hearty. The sauce had a slight peanuty taste, so good! 

We also ordered the dry Sichuan hot pot with chicken. We read other reviews that recommended we ask the server to take the heat down to a medium. We are no strangers to spicy foods, but I'm glad we went down to a medium because it gave the dish a slight heat but was subtle enough so it didn't detract from it. This dish is a MUST if you come here!!!

Loved this place and highly recommend it!
Their $5 happy hour food and drink deals are da bomb. Dan dan noodles, chicken wings, and spicy cucumber...all $5. Chicken wings came with dried chili flakes. It was simply fried and very forgettable. The spicy cucumbers were good, though I've had better. I think it was lacking both acid and heat. My favorite was definitely the dan dan noodles. Piping hot, generously portioned, and deliciously spicy! 

Besides the dan dan, had I paid full price for the other dishes, I probably would have given a lower rating. That said, I definitely plan to be back to try their regular menu items!
Really great spot for lunch. Not too crowded, and lots of seating at the bar and upstairs. The lunch specials are a very good deal and the food is delicious.

Ordered the beef tripe, dry pot with fish, and glass noodles. Very flavorful and quite spicy (for someone who isn't too good with spicy foods). The three dishes were a sizeable portion and more than enough for two people. All the dishes were made well and authentic to my knowledge.
One of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! Their  Taiwanese sausage is to die for. Service is always nice and efficient as well. It is a little more expensive for Asian/Taiwanese food but the location and all different types of appetizers, noodles, hot dishes, entrees make it one of my go to delivery/pickup/dine in spots in philly.

If you go, skip the dan dan noodles, get the Taiwanese sausage, cold pork belly, cucumbers, and any of the hot chicken dishes! Writing this review is making me hungry... enjoy!
I am always on the lookout for good Chinese restaurants in the area and came across DanDan after a quick search for restaurants open during Christmas.

Ambiance/ Service:
Definitely way smaller than it seemed in the pictures but cozy and well lit. We went on Christmas and didn't need to make a reservation. I was slightly disappointed by the service initially but our server was nice and attended to our questions patiently.

Food:
Both my friend and I love spicy food and were torn between the ton of options they had. We decided to go with the Sichuan Style Fried Rice and Dry Pot Style with Chicken. The portion size was good for two people. We had some left over even though we both came here hungry after our 5 mile run. The fried rice was very flavorful and went really well with the dry pot entrée. We expected the dry pot dish to be oily so we weren't surprised. I wonder if we should have requested to go easy on the oil. Oh well, next time.
Definitely coming back to try their other dishes.
Three girls sat down next to a guy (me) at the bar.

One had the laugh of a jackal being waterboarded. The other shouted for high fives all around, sporting a clownish smile. The final girl impishly peeped "I feel like I'm at spring break again!" And the jackal laughed once more.

Inwardly, I groaned. With my wonderful food just arrived at the bar, the idea of being subjected to  their ceaseless, mindless chatter was less than tasteful. I looked around wildly, searching for another seat, another option, ANYTHING to save me from this.

And then they ordered the Dan Dan noodles. As the food arrived, I waited for the first bite. Not wanting to spook them, I hardly moved for fear they might get distracted like the T-Rex from Jurassic Park. Another bite...another. 

And then it began.

The sweat started to roll down each of their faces. The endless jabber stopped. One groaned in pain as the spice began to assault her senses. I peeked over. Snot was rolling down her face.

As a person who would be described as a bit of a curmudgeon, watching this kind of spicy pain work its magic made me gleeful. My beautiful little fried bunyapi mushrooms in a duck yolk batter suddenly tasted even brighter as their salt jumped off my tongue. The crisp fluff of my scallion pancakes was even more of a joy. The sweet and sour sauce of my home fried flounder was positively astounding.

And I could enjoy it all in silence! Silence! 

And there they sit, tortured by the spice of the almighty Dan Dan. I bow before you, powerful noodle, and thank you for your services.

(Abridged version: spice is not for the faint of the heart here. Food is amazing. Go here. Eat it.)
Authentic and spicy noodles, great service. The second floor has great seats and a decent view. Impossible to find parking around this location.
I was so impressed (in a positive way) with this place!
First, the ambiance. It is very small. I love their "U-shaped" bar. It makes sitting at the bar less lonely if you're by yourself or even a good option for couples. There aren't many tables. We were sitting at a table upstairs. 

We ordered appetizers first: dumplings in chili oil, taiwanese burger and the cucumber cold appetizer. 

Cucumber: delicious! Big chunks of cucumber soaked in a spicy but flavorful sauce. 
Dumplings: how do they even make that dough so thin? The chili oil was so good. Spicy as well. 
Taiwanese burger: it is like a bao bun. It has pork belly inside and I thought it was pretty good, despite some negative reviews I have read. The bun was warm, not too heavy... the pork belly was melting in my mouth. Very good. Would definitely order again. 

Then we moved on to ordering the main course. Tip: share!! We got one noodle dish, one meat dish and one vegetable dish for two and it was PLENTY of food. 

Chicken in garlic sauce: among their non-spicy options. Very tasty. Would order again. 
Taiwanese Zha Jiang noodles (with chicken, shrimp and pork): that was amazing! I could eat the entire bowl like.. now! 
Brussels sprouts: they have bacon so... how can you go wrong?? 

And what about how fast our food came? We were really impressed with the overall experience. 

Please note that they have reasonable priced bottles of wine, another plus!
I was surprised by this place in CC. I would argue that taste wise, this place is better than Han Dynasty. The authenticity of the dishes are excellent.

The spice of their spiciest dish was a very pleasant numb for me. If you like spicy food I highly recommend trying their beef and tripe starter. IMO that is one of their best dishes. I have eaten a lot of this traditional Chinese dish called "fuqi fei pian".

Their Dan Dan noodles tasted very authentic as well. Traditionally Dan Dan noodles are a poor mans food but they have made it into a classy dish.

I don't really like the plates they gave us for the food because I felt like it was too small but it is very classy.
Context: I've lived in Philly for 5 years. I've been here a few times to eat and order takeout right before they closed for the night. 

Food & Drink: The food here is delicious and the minced pork and rice bowl for ~$2 is unbelievable. I could live off those. 

We ordered cold pork belly (I have a weakness for pork belly), garlic eggplant, dry pepper chicken, 'stringy' potatoes (they're apparently served crunchy and kinda raw according to my friend so she cooks them a little more at home for to-go order) & scallion pancake - we definitely took 2/3 days to go through all this food. So good. 

Other: I'm pretty selective with my 5 star reviews but I do typically have a great experience - and with minced pork rice - well deserving! Ugh I miss Dan Dan already.
This is a legit 4 star place.

Meaning, it's not a "generous" review because it's decent Chinese/Taiwanese food in the desert that is East Coast Chinese Food (seriously, what is up with the East Coast, man?).

As I was eating, I was going to give them a 5, because I am seriously starved for authentic and GOOD Chinese food since moving from SoCal to NY (and Xi'an Famous Foods can only hold so much on it's own). But the lao ban niang (boss' wife, self proclaimed true boss) was sitting at the bar down from me with a few friends, explaining the place, and she's legit. So the highest honor I could give her, is to truly rate her what I would rate a Chinese place in SoCal.

Let me pass on a few things she said to them:
1) She wanted authentic Chinese food without the usual "authentic" Chinese service.
2) Most people familiar with Taiwanese food are familiar with the street-food aspect of it, so she wanted show them it can be dressed up too.
3) Comparatively, more people are familiar with Szechuan over Taiwanese, so this mixed menu as a way to introduce more people to Taiwanese food.
4) They're opening up another location in the suburbs (I think?) soonish.

For me, to address those:
1) I guess? I think most places outside of SoCal have a more negative stereotype of Chinese waiters/waitresses. But okay, sure. I mean, this place is very Asian Fusion modern. The bar is in the middle of the room on the first floor, and they serve fun Chinese inspired drinks. 
2) I've never thought about it that way. Which is very smart of the owners. I think most people think of Taiwanese food as good and cheap, not fancy.
3) This is something that must be a thing outside of SoCal. I personally don't mind it because I looooove me some spicy food. But I do know Taiwanese people who aren't heavy into the spicy, so I wonder what Miss Lily would think. 
4) Come to NYC please =(

I ordered the:
House-made Ginger Ale
-The Good: being not a big alcohol drinker, I LOVED that this non-alcoholic drink was the first thing listed on their cocktails menu.
-The Bad: I got a little cheated on the ginger syrup to carbonated water ratio.

Dan Dan Noodles
-The Good: the flavors are good. The portion is HUGE. It's also not melt-your-face spicy like I've had in some places. Which, if the portions are going to be as large as they have them here, it's a good thing (albeit I was just ever so slightly bummed).
-The Bad: the noodles were not Q enough.

Pork Over Rice
-The Good: the flavors were all there and correct (which is honestly as good as you could give Chinese food). And eeeeeff, seriously Taiwanese Food pricing. High five lao ban niang.
-The Bad: I couldn't place my finger on it, but something felt off. I've settled on the fact that I may be used to the "grittier" aspect of this, which means more fatty (re: oily), so the overall texture of the dish felt a bit off.

I came alone on a Friday night and the host felt bad that he asked me to wait while a seat at the bar opened up. He really shouldn't have, I felt like a dick potentially throwing off seating. And then, as I was waiting, the hostess walked up to me, as she wasn't sure I was being helped yet; super sweet, super nice. The service here really is great.

There was a nice couple next to me who ordered a lo mein dish here and it looked like something you get at the American Chinese Fast food places. I hope it's like 80,000 times better than that though. Because I wanted to be like "WHHHY are you ordering THAT here when there are SO MANY OTHER BETTER OPTIONS."

But boss lady knows what she's doing.
D+
D for Dan Dan.
 
My girlfriend and I went around 6 to grab a quick bite after shopping. To start off with, the food was just meh. We ordered 3 things: Taiwanese Hamburger, Dan Dan Noodles, and Three Cup Chicken. There was a couple things to note if you guys are interested:

Food: 
1. The steamed buns from our hamburger came out super hard (almost like cardboard). I didn't know if it was suppose to be like this so I asked them. The waiter said no apologies; actually he didn't say anything at all. He just took the plate and he brought us a new one a few minutes later. 
2. The Dan Dan Noodles were good, but don't get it if you can't handle the HEAT. 
3. The Three Cup Chicken looked cool but it tasted okayyyy. 

Service: 
1. Unfriendly.
2. Table across from us came after us, but got their food first. 
3. The waiter accidentally charged us for an extra Tai Hamburger so I had to ask him to take it off. 

Atmosphere:
1. Lively and tight.
2. Pretty place overall.

Would we go again? Probably not.
Awesome place to grab a quick dinner. My girlfriend is a big skeptic of Chinese food having grown up in a small town with her experiences being primarily all-you-can-eat buffets but this place may have finally convinced her how good it can be. The menu is extensive with over a dozen sauces available in a variety of proteins and spice levels. Don't sleep on the appetizers though - the cold sesame noodles were some of the best I've ever had, sweet without being overpowering. The dumplings in chili oil were delicious and a perfect spice level. We ended up getting the garlic sauce lamb and sichuan pickled fish. Both were good but the lamb was the winner. Entrees are very generously sized so we could have easily split one with the appetizers we got.
I also want to command the server who was very friendly and helped us with the menu - even suggesting combos/alternatives when we were worried about spice levels. Next time I'm in Philly I'd love to visit here.
The food here is just amazing and something about the food made it come off as comfort food on a cold night. I had the following:

1. Dan Dan Noodles w/ pork: Loved this dish so much! This very well can be an entree. A bit on the sweet and spicy scale but worth every bite.

2. Pork belly buns: Another great appetizer just the right amount of pork belly and condiments.

3. Garlic Chicken: Huge portions and on the milder side of things.
Takeout/delivery review 

Ordered the Mapo Tofu and Dan Dan noodles. I'm a big fan of Szechuan food and hadn't given this place a try yet. The best part was definitely the portion sizes. Both of these dishes lasted me around 3-4 meals, which was a great bang for buck. 

I thought the Mapo Tofu and Dan Dan noodles were both lacking in flavor. The texture of both was great, and the dishes did the job, but I wasn't very impressed. The spice levels could also be higher given that this is Szechuan food.  

Not opposed to trying this place again and I'm glad they serve such generous portions, but I wasn't blown away.
I recently was feeling like a fancy bish and takeout pizza wouldn't do, so I hit up the Caviar app and had my first Dan Dan experience. I really appreciate how in detail their menu descriptions are and their photos which were very accurate to what I received. The spice levels may be a bit conservative as I found my dish to be more of like a three pepper situation than a two. This in no way was a deal breaker as I love spicy food but just something to consider. 
First I tried the pan fried dumplings which were delicious. Highly recommended. The Dan Dan noodles were a must of course. The texture to me was not something I'm used to so it caught me off guard but it was really delicious. I think they could afford to have a little more lubrication as they were a bit dry and gummy. The dry pot chicken dish I got was really delicious and also spicy but full of flavor. I'm usually not a white rice fan but mixing this with the white rice toned down the spice a bit and made this a more enjoyable experience. 
The quality and flavor of the food I sampled was excellent and I plan on ordering again for sure, and probably trying someone in the zero to one pepper range!
I'm always a little skeptical of these Sichuan places in really...ritzy areas for obvious reasons. However, I wasn't disappointed on my first and most recent trip to Dan Dan! We (my boyfriend and I) didn't have a reservation but since it was like 6pm, we managed to snag a table between reservations and ate with plenty of time to spare.

I heard a million raving reviews for the Three Cup Chicken, so we got that along with shrimp potstickers and dan dan noodles (of course!). I was really impressed with the flavors, particularly the potstickers and the chicken. Here's a tip, wait a few minutes after your chicken is served to let the garlic further infuse into the sauce. This is one of the only dishes I'd say the flavor gets better later into the meal.

The dan dan noodles were good too...it's also just nothing I haven't had before. Which is fair to people who want familiar flavors.

All in all, I can see why this place is popular. Between the excellent waitstaff to the detailed back of the house, I should definitely bring friends back :)
Some kind of wonderful for all, especially those who are gluten free. My son and I are both GF and there was only a few things on this menu that could not be made GF. Even the noodle dishes could be made with rice noodles. Now, 24+ hours later and not a gurgle.

Beyond that, this is some of the best food I have had in a loooong time. Living and working in NYC for 30+ years gives me plenty of experience with schezuan food and this is first class.

Great staff, congenial hosts and a pr me location should make Dan Dan a winner.
This is Han Dynasty for the uninitiated, perhaps even the timid.

From the rumor mill, it's been said that this restaurant came as a result of a family feud (Han and his sister?) - and thus Dan Dan and also Han's namesake famous noodle dish came to be.  I think we can live in a city where Han Dynasty and Dan Dan can coexist.

Han Dynasty is the traditionalist, more authentic with a kick, while Dan Dan is (can I say it?), more Americanized.  

Perfect quick lunch spot in a conveniently modern space, with service to match.  Three dishes to split for two and you are more than fine, and perhaps even stuffed.  

My standard: Dan Dan (duh), bok choy, and a protein to go with (have your pick).

Can't lose.
Taiwanese food is almost always cheap, and is usually characterized by bento box style dishes.  For example: a taiwanese sausage rice, with a tea egg and fried tofu for $6.  This type of food is the soul of Taiwanese food and can further be seen in the famous night markets of Taiwan.  At Dan Dan they sadly have this type of "on-the-go" style food in limited variety in the form of Dan Dan Noodles ($7.95) and Beef Noodle Soup ($9.75).  Their Beef Noodle Soup in particular was slightly underwhelming in flavor and had overcooked noodles.  However, their more "sit down" style Taiwanese food, namely their three cup chicken ($13.95) does a fantastic job at delivering great texture, quantity, and most importantly a genuine Taiwanese flavor.  Another item worth mentioning are their scallion pancakes ($3.95), which come as 8 triangular pieces of flaky deliciousness.  Usually scallion pancakes are more dough-y, but I actually found the flakiness of Dan Dan's scallion pancakes to provide a much tastier dish.  Their "A-vegetable," ($11.95) another very traditional Taiwanese dish, also receives top marks from me.  

The thing with Dan Dan that elevates a 4 star rating in food to this 5 star rating is that most Taiwanese restaurants are similar to typical Chinese restaurants: they're cheap and grimy.  Dan Dan has a spectacular interior design, employs an excessive number of waiters and bus boys to provide very prompt and courteous service, and critically has a boss that exudes a love for her food.  Dan Dan makes you feel like it's not a business to make money; it's a restaurant to spread the enjoyment of Taiwanese food.  

Side note: make reservations!!!!!
Above average interesting food and menu. (Our experience was tempered by Uber Eats delivering the food 1 hour and 15 minutes after Dan Dan said it was ready for delivery. Not Dan Dan's fault.)
This is my new favorite place for dan dan. I love dan dan, but I don't really like it at Han dynasty because I feel it's too oily. But this place has the best dan dan! Beware it is hot!!

This place is usually packed for lunch because of its location. I also went for the second time during a weekend night and I was on the waitlist for 45 minutes. So if you are planning to come here, make sure you put your name on the waitlist atleast half an hour before on weekends. If you don't mind sitting at the bar, I guess it is ok.

We ordered scallion pancakes, dan dan noodles and cumin roasted tofu and everything was good. The portions were large as well. Scallion pancakes were crispy and the sauce that comes with it is so yummy! What can I say about the dan dan!! I loved it!! I would say the cumin roasted tofu was a ok. It needed a little bit more flavor to it.

All in all, this place is a great Asian fusion restaurant in center city and it's worth checking it out. Oh and also, the decor inside is nice..
Growing up in Taiwan, I haven't had food that reminded me of home in a while. Dan Dan was a close reminder of home. 

We ordered a Taiwanese pork bun, dan dan noodles, and spicy tofu and fish. All the dishes had great flavor and texture. First, the pork bun had sweet and juicy pork covered in cilantro, crushed peanuts and pickled greens. The noodles tasted great and not over cooked and mushy. Lastly, the tofu and fish was spicy and savory. We were able to request the dish to be not as spicy which was a nice touch. Of all the food we ordered, I just wish the pork buns were softer as they were a bit stale. 

There is usually a long wait for tables but because there was two of us, we were able to be seated quickly. The service is fast and prompt. Definitely plan on coming back to try other dishes.
So I yelped, "Taiwanese" in Downtown Philly and this place came up.
This was my first meal as I arrived in Philly.
Make sure you get the actual address otherwise you will totally missed this place and walk by cause that it what I did.

Very hip and modern two story restaurant. We were seated upstairs overlooking the entire first floor and bar. This is a Taiwanese and Szechuan place so they have sweet dishes and spicy dishes.

I think I just tasted the best Taiwanese food in the USA, definitely better than any Taiwanese place in NYC.
I ordered the Taiwanese stuff while my friend ordered a spicy Szechuan soup dish. We ordered the spring rolls, scallion pancakes, Jing Jiang Dish with Pork (Sautéed in a sweet bean sauce and topped with shredded scallion)-$10 and Spicy Sichuan Beef Noodle Soup. 

The Jing Jiang Noodles were so good! The mixture of tofu, shrimp, pork, beans and sweet sauce with dry cold noodles was the solution during the hot, humid July 4 weather!

So this is my favorite eatery in Downtown Philly and will definitely come here again when I'm in Philly! Already bookmarked this place to my favorites!
I came to Dan Dan on a whim after seeing its grand opening in Center City, and I am happy to report that it was a good experience!

The atmosphere was definitely open and bright and leaned towards the modern side. The lunch rush was pretty big and the tables and bar were pretty full, with a bit of a wait. While the restaurant was a bit disorganized (due to it being brand new and their bar area wasn't a bar just yet--they had not yet obtained their liquor license), the staff was incredibly nice and welcoming, and made some fantastic recommendations despite the chaos.

I sampled the Twice Cooked Pork Belly and the classic Dan Dan noodles. The pork belly, which was served with a bean sauce, leeks, hot peppers, and fermented black beans, was crispy and well done. However, I felt like the portion size was a little bit small, and while I didn't finish my dish (leftovers galore!), it definitely would have been small to share and didn't have enough meat to make it feel like a substantial dish. The noodles were well-cooked, and were a nice balance of savory and spicy blended with their peanut sauce. My food wasn't super oily when I ate it at the restaurant, but the leftovers I took home were pretty greasy, which was a bit unpleasant.

While I couldn't stop thinking about Han Dynasty when I ate here, Dan Dan is certainly a comparable equivalent that I certainly wouldn't mind revisiting.
Summary: authentic Taiwanese and Szechwan cuisine with a hip interior and easily accessible Center City location

After a full day of shopping, my sister and I were ready for something hot and comforting.  There wasn't much authentic Asian food walking distance of my sister's Center City apartment, but she had heard about Dan Dan, so we decided to give it a try.  First, the interior is great. Simultaneously moody, energetic, and hip, we felt right at home in our comfy clothes sitting next to a table of dapper young professionals.  The menu offered a fun mix of familiar homey favorites alongside special splurges.

We shared the Dan Dan Noodles.  Obviously, one should try the dish from which the restaurant gets its name.  This dish had really nice heat backed by a nutty earthy sauce.  We also got the "Taiwanese Hamburger" (gua bao), which is better described as a steamed bun folded in half with braised pork belly and other toppings. Really tasty and definitely reminded me of the Asian food I'm used to eating out in the West Coast.  We also got the zha jiang noodles hoping it would be similar to the ja jang myun we Koreans like to call Chinese food.  The food was tasty and definitely not greasy.  We enjoyed our meal, and my sister was happy to take home leftovers for the next evening's dinner.  We were glad to find a solid Asian food option in Center City.
I came to Dan Dan at the multiple suggestions from lots of friends and Yelp elites. However, I was sorely disappointed. I liken Dan Dan to a subpar Han Dynasty. Every single dish was very heavy-handed on the salt, yet somehow limited in flavor. The service however was fast and efficient, and managed the lunch crowd with much finesse. I most likely will return one day due to the Dan Dan addiction of many of my friends, but hopefully the food will be better next time!

Food:
- Dan Dan Noodles ($8.49): Spicy, yet very mild in taste. The sesame paste was almost overwhelming, and didn't have much balance to the dish other than feeling very heavy. 
- Chicken Dry Pot ($8.95): This is not what I typically think of a dry pot dish, but it still offers some nice flavors. I particularly enjoyed the veggies in this dish, especially considering the twice cooked pork belly didn't have any vegetables at all. 
- Pork Belly Twice Cooked ($9.49): Pork belly is always good, but when I push away the plate after a few bites you know there's a problem. The salt content was overwhelming in the pork, and made it hard to eat even with three bowls of rice! 

Atmosphere:
- Empty at 11:15, completely packed by 11:45! Be sure to come in a little earlier to avoid the lunch rush on a weekday. 
- Fast service, even with a full house. Major props for that.
If you're a fan of Han Dynasty, Dan Dan will not disappoint! I arrived with a party of 10 on a Sunday afternoon with about 15 minutes notice, and we were seated promptly when we arrived. The bartender downstairs was very friendly and attentive, and all of the servers/staff were very knowledgable, patient and helpful in helping us decide how and what to order. We were also served strong tea in stone pots while we waited. As per their recommendation, we did everything family style, and there wasn't a dish I tried that I did not love. THE DAN DAN NOODLES ARE A MUST. The eggplant dish was another one of my favorites - hot, flavorful, and so purple! For the entrees we got a fish and tofu stew (super savory), fried pork, and a chicken dish with garlic and vegetables that was really delicious. Other standouts were the green beans and pickled cucumbers which were necessary to balance out all that meat! It is so conveniently located - so much closer than either Han Dynasty, and I will definitely be back!
We often go to this restaurant. It's amazing. They have plenty of options for vegetarians. Don't miss their Cumin Dish -fried tofu. 

However, I tried the PanDan drink which wasn't impressive.
Wow what a great fusion place to go for lunch! The portions are more than generous and food was delicious. I came here with coworkers and we got Dan dan noodles and the lunch special chicken cooked twice.  The dan dan noodles were incredible! It was a fusion between Chinese noodles and pad Thai, in a spicy peanut oil sauce. The sauce has a little kick to it, but it was the perfect amount of spice for me! The chicken cooked twice was also really delicious, super tender, no crazy spice but crazy amazing sauce.

I will definitely be back! 

I would recommend getting there earlier if you're with a group for lunch.  All the tables were full by 12:30!
I got shrimp lo mien to go and it was good but if you are getting take out, I prefer circles Thai. Obviously Dan Dan has a cuter atmosphere if you are dining in. 

The shrimp were excellent! But the dish was a little too greasy and barely had any veggies
Absolutely fabulous Asian cuisine that is easy to share!  At my table of four, we ordered two appetizers and two main dishes and it was just right.  With reasonable prices, great service, and modern atmosphere, this place is definitely a hit!  

Be sure to make a reservation to avoid a wait; the restaurant is small and new, so it is busy!
When looking for solid Szechuan food look no further because Dan Dan is the answer. With robust menu options and a quaint yet modern interior, it's a great place to have a sit down meal. 

Some of my regular choices:
-Dan Dan noodles: nice egg noodles with a decent kick to them that will send your taste buds on a journey. Great dish to start off with and share with people.
-Twice cooked anything: pork belly, fish...you name it! You can't go wrong with either of these options but be warned that the pork belly is dangerously delicious yet heavy
-Golden dish: I'm a big fan of the mushrooms because it's a good balance between flavors with the Golden exterior. Of note, if you get them to go, make sure to crack the lid so that they don't get soggy!

Regardless of what you get, it'll come with rice to help soak in all the flavors of each dish, but try not to fill up on it too much!
So my husband I love spicy flavorful food. We have been dining at Han dynasty probably twice a month for the last three years. We have always preferred, and would drive the extra 15 mins, to the university city location. So when I heard that dan dan was opening with the people from that location I knew I had to try. I had heard some mixed reviews, but they were so wrong. First off, I think Han dynasty has gone downhill, especially the old city location. Dan Dan was everything han used to be and more! We started with the dan Dan noodles which were so flavorful, had plenty of sauce and had a good kick! I was scared they would be dry and too peanut buttery but these were perfect. We also go a a scallion pancake which came with a dipping sauce that was sweet but complimented the not overly oily scallion pancake. 
For entrees we ordered the garlic sauce chicken- it was steaming hot when it came out. Such a great sauce, chicken was not overcooked and the addition of green and red peppers to the way this is served at Han was perfect. Green peppercorn hot sauce shrimp- so came out steaming, filled with cabbage, shrimp, celery, and bamboo. It came in a huge bowl with so much sauce. This was spicy but delicious. My mom orders the ribeye beer dish- this was not for me but she liked it and so did my husband. It was soooo spicy and I love spicy. I wouldn't order it again but I don't love what I love at a place like dan Dan and don't usually stray. 
If you like Han then you will love dan dan.
We had the scallion pancakes, mapo tofu and the dumplings. 

The scallion pancakes were drenched in oil and while they were good, I could only have two before the oil got overwhelming. The dumplings were good, but once again, very greasy. I wish they were steamed instead of cooked in oil. And the mapo tofu we got with a medium level of spice, but it was so spicy! Our server did not bring rice out until we had to ask for it. I feel like for the price I paid, I was expecting better but I was just disappointed with my meal.
Awesome new spot in CC. Right when we sat down, they brought us a pot of tea for us to drink whilst we looked over the menu! Nice way to start our meal. 

Since we ate during their opening week, we got to try the Dan Dan noodles for free! They were unreal- perfect in every way. Will definitely be ordering them again when I return. For my entree I got the Kung Pao dish. It was pretty good, but nothing I would order again. Next time I return, I will be trying the ribeye brew pot for sure. 

Overall, this place was awesome. The prices are more than reasonable, two entrees came out to be $26! I will be back soon!
Tasty Szechuan dishes and excellent service at very reasonable prices in Center City. The space is small and the upper level has more seating. The decor is modern which I appreciate as it doesn't give off a typical Taiwanese/Chinese restaurant "feels". 

My two friends and I ordered several different small plates and entrees to share. My favorites were the pork belly with garlic chili oil, the pickled Szechuan shrimp and the snow pea leaves. I like how they didn't overcook the snow pea where it becomes soggy and drench in oil. The shrimp was cooked perfectly with the right amount of flavors. The pork belly was melt in your mouth spicy good. That dish might have been my star on the table. 

Unfortunately, I wasn't a fan of their version of dan dan noodles. It had an unusual peanut taste, which I'm not used to when it comes to dan dan noodles. Also, it was lacking in flavor. The spicy cucumbers were refreshing. The spicy wontons had spiciness and flavor. I'm just used to the wonton skins being thinner in texture with this dish. 

Overall, very delicious meal. We ate to our bellies and hearts content with a good amount of leftovers, and the total bill was just $82.56. Now that's value! I can't wait to come back when I'm in Philly!
Wow Wow WOW!

So happy about this new spot! I've been to Han Dynasty a couple times and honestly, I've been underwhelmed. So when I heard about this spot, I had a few reservations. I will gladly announce that this is one of my new favorite spots for Szechuan Chinese food!

What we always order 
- Dan Dan noodles are a must!
- Spicy Tofu Fish is seriously so good and a totally reasonable price for what you get. It's a great dish to get when you have a decent sized party. The fish is tender. The tofu silky and the sauce goes a long way
- Spicy Eggplant in Garlic Sauce is super tasty and well cooked. Perfect texture.

These are my highlights. 

Conclusion - Do yourself a favor if you enjoy Szechuan food and go here.
I picked this place on a whim mainly because of the pricing. What a surprise it wound up being. The portions were very generous. I got the 3 cup chicken, dan dan noodles and the crispy spicy cucumbers. So delicious.
I feel a little poorly writing this review because I truly wanted to be able to give at least a 4-star rating, but Dan Dan literally left a bad taste in my mouth. Let me tell you why.

I came here with a friend because we saw Dan Dan on the list of restaurants that have special offers if you present them your museum stub from the Franklin Institute. Dan Dan offers a free spicy crispy cucumber appetizer with the purchase of an entree. I liked the cucumbers because they tasted as though they have been marinated in the sauce and had the perfect amount of spice. However, I thought the sauce was too sugary, which seemed apparent by its viscosity. 
My friend ordered the Dan Dan noodles. I thought the noodles themselves in Dan Dan noodles were good but I found the sauce to be too sweet and too salty, similar to the cucumbers. My main gripe lies in my entree, the spicy Sichuan beef noodle soup. At first, I really enjoyed my entree. The noodles were perfectly chewy, the beef melts in your mouth, and the broth was too oily, but had ample amounts of spice. About halfway through my meal, I notice my tongue felt funny and I have a somewhat metallic, repulsive taste on the back of my tongue. I still can't identify what caused this sensation, but it kind of tasted like I was eating baking soda. It was disgusting. Now, if I had noticed this at first, I would have simply sent the dish back but since I didn't notice it until at least halfway through the bowl, I decided against this.

I enjoyed the ambiance, the service, and the authenticity of the food considering the restaurant is Americanized. However, the strange taste from my entree left such a bad taste in my mouth, I couldn't enjoy my experience. Needless to say, I would never order the spicy beef noodle soup again.
We were looking for a Chinese restaurant in the Center City area, and we decided to try out Dan Dan for dinner as we hadn't been there before. It's got a very trendy feel to it, with a dining counter on the lower level and most of the table on the upper floor. While upstairs feels a bit more cozy given the proximity to the ceiling, it still feels a bit more spacious than your average Chinese restaurant, along with having more of a relaxed vibe. Although we were told (warned?) that we needed to eat quickly despite having made a reservation in advance, the service here is plenty rapid enough - we were in and out of the restaurant in a little over an hour. The drink selection isn't huge, but I appreciated that I could sip on something other than a Tsingtao here. I had a local double IPA that went quite well with some of the hotter foods, and given the general heat of the summer day, it was plenty refreshing.

The food choices do indeed span both Szechuan and Taiwanese, which I don't really associate with one another - but despite this, I enjoyed pretty much everything that we had to eat. The wontons in chili oil were decent and had a good amount of heat, although it was a tad on the sweeter side - a little jarring given I am used to the chili and other herbs (such as cilantro and chives) being the main driver of flavor - but it's still pretty good. The zha jiang noodles were excellent as well, although in this, I do wish it had a bit more of the pepper / heat that are ordinarily found in dandan noodles (although this is not the same dish). I found both of our main courses to be very flavorful - the ginger/scallion served with fish was on the lighter side and a nice contrast to the other dishes from a flavor profile, even if my wife's parents pointed out that the garlic was missing...it still tasted fine to me! We also went with the pork belly for the twice-cooked dish; the spice definitely is more deeply-entrenched here, and the pork was tasty...that said, it was cooked a bit more than I had anticipated, making the thinly-sliced strips almost bacon-like in texture when eating it.

I like the style of ordering here for the entrees - picking a particular preparation and add your choice of mains (meat or fish) to it. It makes it such that coming back to Dan Dan many times can result in still having a unique experience at each meal. I like the accessibility, and even though it may be a bit pricier than the restaurants out in Chinatown, I would definitely come by here again for a bite.
They have a great contactless takeout system during COVID (I used uber eats but you can order direct from the restaurant as well). The crowd favorites were wontons in chili oil and Kung pao chicken. Also enjoyed the cumin lamb, Dan Dan noodles, Lo mein, scallion pancakes, and spring rolls.
First yelp as I had to go and sign up and give this spot a review. My husband, myself and our friends from Chelsea went to the new spot in Rittenhouse. I read the reviews, its a block from our apartment so we went. The place was ultra modern, airy and the hostess was friendly. There was a small wait (that's always a good sign in my book) but about 10 mins and they had a table for us upstairs. We checked the menu listened to our server Andrea go over some of the details as we had never had Szechwan cuisine (only the hub). Of course we asked a million questions but our server was friendly and informative without being annoyed or pushy. We ordered the Dan Dan noodles in the chili oil and sesame, two orders of cumin pork, the mushrooms, the little pork "burgers", shrimp pot, spicy cucumbers, and a tofu dish for my vegetarian bestie. We ate every bit, delicious, amazing. I was not keen on the Dan Dan with the sesame. The sesame was over powering but I seemed to be the only one. Best part, its byob at the current moment (they are waiting on their liquor license). Husband had already checked before we came so he brought 4 bottles of wine. I know, were those people. Best part? No cork fee. Our server opened and presented our wine, kept it filled and we didn't have to do a thing besides enjoy our time with our friends from NYC. We had a great meal, excellent service, and loved the new spot we've found in Rittenhouse. We shall be coming back and hopefully have the same kind of experience we had last time. 5 stars.
After much thought, I am going to give this place a sub-par three stars for pretty good food and pretty mediocre service. My coworkers and I went on a Thursday afternoon during happy hour and the place was almost empty. 

The hostess seated us right away, and we waited for about 10-15 minutes before anyone came to see us. I tried to call the hostess over to order some drinks and ask about the menu multiple times, but she ignored me every time even though the place was practically empty. 2/5 for service honestly she didn't look very happy to be there.

The food was pretty good, we got two bowls of the dan-dan noodles which are really cheap during happy hour ($6 I believe) and a sizable portion as well. We got some other fish and meat dishes as well which were all fine, nothing too out of the ordinary and nothing you can't find in Chinatown for a few less bucks. The food was good, definitely not overwhelmingly good, though, so I would say 4/5 for the food alone.

Overall, it was a fine experience. Perhaps great service would've tipped this review over to 4 or even 5 stars but the sub-par service in combination with mediocre food unfortunately leaves it at a 3.
Hands down. Best happy hour in the city. Best. Pretty good glasses of house wine for $5. Also for $5, Tito's Vodka mixed drinks, Beefeater Gin, Jack Daniels, etc. But, what really makes this the best happy hour in the city is the $5 DanDan noodles! Just delicious and only slightly smaller than the regular size. Best noodles you will ever have. 

Vegan options delight here! I love the dry pot tofu,  ginger sour string beans, garlic sauce pressed tofu, cumin tofu, bok choy, and I could go on!! No vegan dish has ever disappointed me. Tip: The bartenders and servers are well trained and always ask; but, still remember to order the DanDan w/out pork if you're veg! Bartenders are super nice and remember the regulars. Cat rocks; always love chatting when I visit solo.
