While this part of the city is chock full of good Italian food choices, I can tell you this restaurant has very tasty dishes in a classy atmosphere. 

I chose it specifically as an anniversary dinner, thinking the experience would have an intimate aesthetic. While it can get a little loud in the dining room, we definitely enjoyed the ambiance overall. 

My husband got the perciatelli Genovese, and from the bite he gave me I loved it. I myself got the rigatoni alfredo, which was phenomenal. All the ingredients tasted fresh, especially the peas since they weren't mushy or over cooked. In addition, there was the perfect amount of sauce for my dish (since usually pasta dishes I get are swimming in sauce and kind of ruins the meal).

The food is maybe a bit overpriced, but it's wholesome and well prepared, so it might be worth it to splurge once in a while. I liked it here, and hope to be back.
I love this South Philly gem. Do they serve the best Italian food in Philadelphia? No. But the food is solid, and the nostalgia factor is high. Dante & Luigi's was the setting for a celebratory dinner with my dad and stepmom after I graduated from college. That night remains one of my favorite nights I've ever spent in Philadelphia. Knowing the special place it holds in my heart, my husband took me there to celebrate when we first moved in together, and again after we were married. 

I'm sure I'm not the only one with special memories from this place. On our recent visit, we chose a bottle of Chianti from the menu and our server told us it was the same bottle that Sylvester Stallone ordered during his frequent visits during the filming of Creed. Ahh! 

We started with the stuffed squid appetizer. The squid was perfectly tender and the marinara it was swimming in was perfection. The crab stuffing didn't really add to the dish though, and I'd actually prefer the non-stuffed version for next time. Next up we had Caesar salads, which were under-dressed and, in turn, a bit bland. Our server was mostly solid but it was times like these that we wished he had stopped by a bit more. 

I chose the lasagna for my entree and it was a great decision. The gigantic piece was more than enough for two meals. For dessert, I went with tiramisu which was unfortunately very dry and lacking in flavor.   

Like I said early on, this Dante & Luigi's holds such a special place in my heart that it would be hard giving them less than four stars. Go for the history, the old school service, and the hearty portions.
Wonderful! The decor is classic, authentic, and inviting. From the moment I entered the restaurant there was a rich & warm feeling of home. The linen table clothes & napkins along with the wood furnishing enhanced the feeling of intimate and inviting! 


My meal began with warm and fresh bread served with olive oil. The appetizer I tried was the crab stuffed mushrooms... pure genius! The crab was succulent, fresh, and amazing!  Next for my entree I had chicken mellanzze.... Superb! Chicken with eggplant, mozzarella cheese, and sundried tomatoes in a bianco sauce. The dish was served with a side of penne pasta with red sauce. The dish was amazing... the eggplant was lightly fried & topped the chicken with sundried tomatoes and mozzarella cheese.

While the dessert looked inviting I was too stuffed to try any. This place a wonderful gem. I will definitely be returning. If you desire authentic Italian cuisine in a beautiful atmosphere, this is your place to go.
Anyone who searches for authentic old-style italian restaurant, look no more, you've found it!  Located in the heart of the Italian market, one of the oldest restaurants in Philadelphia.  


It was on my list to try, ever since my fellow Yelper Jake F was raving about it for eternity. And on the day it was featured on Eater Philly article, "25 Classic Restaurants Every Philadelphian Must Try", I finally made a reservation. 

Here is brief assessment of my visit: 
- The restaurant is very spacious.
- Hospitality was good. Our waiter was friendly, but for some reason, didn't smile once.
- Casual atmosphere, yet elegant. 
- The food, I didn't go oh, wow! Nom nom.


You need to try it at least once 
Three and half Yelps
Don't bother to go.  We went last night.  We had to ask the server what the specials were, she didn't volunteer the information.

After two hours we were served drinks, one appetizer, four salads for $75.  We never got our meal.  We watched people around us who were seated after us be served and finish their dinners.  Did the manager offer to do anything?  A glass of wine for our trouble.  They said they had too many people walk in "off the street."  They said the kitchen "blow up" and could handled it!  Can you imagine saying that to a customer!  The manager told me he "didn't care what I thought about his restaurant or who I would talk to it about."  

Silly me, I thought because I made a reservation, we could count on this place.  As I started, don't bother to go.  You don't know what you will get except a lot of excuses as to why they didn't deliver what they promised!
Came in for dining last night and what a fantastic experience! Unclear if its true but some mobster was murdered here back in the day? So theres that...

Very annasuming from the outside. The inside is GORGEOUS! Chandeliers, tiled floor, great lighting. If you're looking for an old school classy feel this is the best in town that I've ever experienced. Great music too that really completes the vibe of the place. 

Covid wise the tables inside are spaced nicely and the wait staff are all wearing the appropriate stuff. Very nice serves. Good wine selection and a pretty extensive menu. Seemed a bit limited if you were vegetarian, but you can make it happen. We had caprese salad for appetizer which was delicious. The mozarella was just perfect. For entres we had the baked gnocchi and mushroom with farfalle. Gnocchi were very cloud like and the mix of cheeses was great. Burned my mouth multiple times because I couldn't wait to eat...Mushroom farfalle had a great complex flavor to it and was just done very well. 

Prices were actually lower than we were expecting given the abiance of the place. We just moved into the neighborhood so hopefully this will become a staple for us. Check them out for sure!
Mamma mia! The moment I laid eyes on this corner restaurant, I knew it was a gem - it looks like Tony Soprano is inside, eating, right now. I was not surprised to read about a mob shooting that took place here a few decades back. If that doesn't add to the authenticity, I don't know what does.

And it just got better. The room was mostly full, a small dining room with pictures on the mantle and good old tunes playing quietly beneath the pleasantly noisy conversations around us. And our meal was gorgeous, not to mention delicious - great mussels, great eggplant rollatini (I usually don't like eggplant), amazing manicotti and the most beautiful plate of seafood cioppino I've ever seen. We chose from an abundant wine list, and saved room for some of the best tiramisu I've tasted in a long time.

But the service - I might go as far as to say that this was the best, most perfectly timed service I've ever had. Our waiter, a middle-aged, mustachioed fellow, never offered his name, but he did time our plates perfectly, left us alone long enough to digest, and even combed our crumbs away. The busboys and water servers were all spot on, too. They really earn their money at this place.

This place was just stellar. I look forward to knowing them well enough to ask for the non-shooting section.
Red sauce passed my mom's test. Bingo. Antipasto actually had freshly cut cured meats. That is so key! Pasta was delicious, but I wish it was homemade :( .

Service was good, but the teamwork was phenomenal. We weren't neglected or forgotten amongst the hustle of a sold out night. Even the owner was bussing tables. Major points scored. 

The atmosphere was homey, yet sophisticated and chic. The employees were grateful to have us dining with them, while amongst the array of other south Philadelphia choices. 

Classic Italian stop. Get it.
My gf and I both are not fans of Halloween so we decided to give this place a try the Sat of halloween weekend. Hearing about how there was a mob hit on halloween in the dining room back in the 80's I figured what the hell. 

Romantic I know.  Sorry ladies I'm taken. 

Anywho, it looks as though nothing has changed inside since the 80's very typical south-philly italian. 

 I would not call this authentic Italian by any means, authentic south-philly italian, yes. Several of the menu items written in Italian were misspelled.

That being said the food was pretty damn good. The sauce that came with the calamari was like crack in a bowl.  We asked for more bread just to soak it all up. I had a sausage, pasta and broccoli rabe entre and it was enormous. I was very surprised by the wine list - several bottles under $30. 

All in all everything was really good. Service was great and prices were surprisingly reasonable. Dinner for 2 (bottle of wine, app, 2 entrees and desert) was less than $100.
Clearly a restaurant resting on its laurels.  Reminds me of Dels from Pittsburgh and the show Restaurant Impossible.  Well guess what?  Your atrocious service and crappy attitude was impossible.  Not to mention your out dated atmosphere and menu items.  The pasta was pretty good, but the gravy was just average.  Guess what grandpa and grandma Luigi?  Your spoiled kids are ruining a gem.

From the faux wait (multiple open tables when we walked in and waited about an hour) to the unflattering salads, to the skimpy entree portions (veal parm) to finally the rude and curt service.  I won't be back.  

Too many great and hungry italian restaurants in the City to waste your time and money here.
Spectacular service. Exquisite food. Incredible ambiance. One of the finest experiences  I have ever enjoyed in my 35 years of traveling the USA and having the privilege of dining at the finest restaurants in the country thanks to my sales/marketing jobs.  

Lets start with the ambiance. 

You walk into the restored parlor and immediately are struck by the open space, natural light from windows all around, 15 foot high ceiling, crown molding, impressive arches.

Next, the service. As good as I have EVER experienced. Paul our main waiter, Victor, our superstar, Frank the maitre d, Jeremie and John our bus boys - they worked together like a well-oiled machine. Requests were handled immediately. Never had to ask for a water glass to be refilled. Pleasant, customer focused, attentive, well informed about the menu and drinks - everything you want from a team of servers. A highlight.

Of course, the key is the food and they delivered. Delicious,made from scratch, down to the basics from homemade croutons and dressing on our salad to the incredible gravy on our pasta.

I had lobster,shrimp and crab over homemade pasta done in a wonderful fra diavolo sauce that was out of this world and my friend had the fresh salmon special which was light and delicious. We started with a wonderful fried calamari with hot peppers added at our request, split a special house salad as well as shared a huge piece of house made tiramisu.

All the people we met were friendly. The valet was a great guy.

I can not recommend this restaurant highly enough. I read some reviews here that make me think these people have an ax to grind or have no idea what incredible italian food tastes like (some people think Olive Garden is good).

Awesome! 10 stars if I could do so but since 5 is the most I get, 5 starsit is. Still, 5 stars doesn't do that experience justice.
The food is awesome and the service is swift and friendly. 
Pasta cooked to absolute perfection and the sauces were bright and beautiful. 
Honestly, there are two things that set this place above the others ... first, ambiance.  The setting is just gorgeous.  Everything you see looks like it's been there for ages, it's at home.  I felt like the space was serving its ultimate purpose in bringing people together.  Not a bunch of crap around to give the illusion of bringing people together. 
Second .... I believe this is the cleanest restaurant I've ever been in.  I am a bit of a nit picker ... the drapes were free of dust, the baseboards were clean, the glasses were spotless, the table ware was impeccably CLEAN. 
I kind of fell in love with this place.  I want to go back, I felt at home here. This place is a treasure.
Overrated food, poor service.

I'm sure this restaurant will continue to do well by reputation.  However, this is certanly not a 4-star restaurant and I've come to give a counter opinion.

We arrived with a larger group with reservations and were seated promptly.  Overall, the waitstaff was highly inconsistent.  While some of the waiters were attentive at first, they suddenly disappeared for long portions of the night.  It was not a particularly busy night, but the service was lacking at various points of the night.

The food, which seems to be the main draw here, was overpriced and tame.  We shared many appetizers, but I was highly disappointed by the dishes.  The roasted red peppers, which have been excellent in many other Italian restaurants in the city, were a huge disappointment.  The fried calamari is what i'd expect to find at a TGIFriday's.  I will give them credit on the steamed mussels, those were pretty good.

For dinner, I had the Branzino (the night's special), which is one of my favorite Italian dishes.  It came with a pasta side, with a sauce that I did not particularly like.  I will not claim that Branzino is an easy dish to replicate/make (I'm sure I would have difficulty in my own kitchen), but for such a highly rated restaurant, this was a very poor dish.

At the end of the night, the waiters strangely said that they could only take 2 credit cards for the entire table.  I understand that many places in Philly are cash only, but the logic given by the waiters was very strange.  Some excuses were given that "the machine can only handle 2 cards", as if the machine would break down after running two credit card transactions.  After waiting about 30 minutes for our cards to be processed, and a very rude young waiter who made snide comments (get a life, pal), we finally were able to leave the restaurant.

It seems this establishment prides itself on its food and atmosphere.  Though the place itself seems warm and inviting, it is really anything but.  I wouldn't ever come here again, and it's a shame that visitors to Philadelphia continue to be redirected to this place as a "go-to" Italian establishment.
In preparation for a big run, my friends were desperately seeking to "carb load" some good Italian food. With Philly's rich Italian culture, I figured we'd have no issue finding a good spot - but we wanted the BEST. Of course, I was called upon to do some Yelp re-con. I found several places and let my friends pick from the top choices - we ended up at Dante and Luigi's. We made reservations on Friday with a little more than 24-hour notice, and we were able to get a table for 6 at 8:15pm on Saturday night. 

The outside of the restaurant is hardly notable, and looks like your typical hometown pizza joint. Inside, however, you're transported to a romantic world of ambiance and class. The wait staff dressed in their matching uniforms, greeted us and sat us immediately in a corner round table. We ordered our respective glasses of wine - I chose a red suggested by our enthusiastic server. He was fantastic and knew the ins and outs of the menu. We perused our choices, but the special of the night, a house-made fettucine with lobster and shrimp really stuck out. However, upon ordering, we were informed a few minutes later that the special had sold-out. We settled on the ricotta gnocchi, the lasagna, and the carbonara. Additionally, our gluten-free friend was able to substitute her carbonara with a gluten-free ziti pasta. The food, made fresh to order, took about 30 minutes to come to the table, but we had enough bread and wine to keep us occupied. Sometimes it's nice not to be rushed. The restaurant had the best Celine Dion soundtrack playing, and there were few other patrons. It was bliss.

The slice of lasagna was huge and dense, bigger and almost as heavy as a brick. The flavor was out of this world. The wine had kicked in by the time my plate arrived, and my stomach was not registering just how much food I was consuming. The ricotta gnocchi were fluffy and light, the most amazing texture, and the sauce was rich. The carbonara was creamy and delicious, and I honestly did not notice a huge difference between the gluten-free and "normal" versions. The pasta was cooked perfectly. We ended our night with a ricotta pie, almost like a lighter version of a cheesecake. It was to die for - like a sweet cloud!

Who knows if they do this for everyone, but the manager felt bad that we had ordered the special only to learn that it was sold-out, so they offered our table a round of complimentary Lemoncello. Unfortunately, when he went to the bar, we were told they were sold out of Lemoncello! I found the entire thing hilarious, and our server had such a great attitude. He instead offered us shots of Amaretto, and my friends being lame, I drank all four of them. Needless to say, I left feeling pretty happy.

I had some lasagna leftover, but honestly, had I not been a little tipsy from my wine, I'm sure my leftover box would have been fuller. I was so full from the delicious food, that I was uncomfortable. I literally skipped breakfast, lunch and dinner the following day because the food stuck to my ribs. 

I'd suggest Dante and Luigi's for a romantic date night, some good old fashioned carb-loading, or for a special occasion. It's a little pricey, but the food and ambiance are worth the occasional splurge. It's set a high bar for future indulgences in Philly's Italian cuisine.
Me and my girlfrend went here for a date night   I have to say the location is very nice and the resturant is very homey as well as versatile. This is because it looked like the resturant was built out of a large home with many rooms able to accommodate a big group or the intimit couple. 

It is very clean and presentable in the resturant. When I walked to my seat, Inoticed the many waiters standing at attention. This was pretty weird in my opinion, but i know some people enjoy that. 

The food options are plentiful and all look very good. I personally ordered a linguini with white clam sauce. And my girlfriend ordered a gluten free pasta with red sauce. 

I have to say, the linguini and clam was pretty good. There were a decent number of clams and I was provided a bowl. The sauce was good and pasta cooked well. 

However, my girlfriend's pasta was below average. The restaurant does have gluten free pasta, but they only have penne. The sauce was alright, but the penne was not tasty at all and due to being gluten free, unappetizingly fell apart too easily. 

Our appetizer was okay. We got the caprese salad . It was presented nicely. Portion size was fairly smalll and there was not too much mozzarella on top. Tomatoes overpowered the taste. 

Desserts were also good. The many options were nice. Me and my girlfriend tried the 2 different cannolis. Both were very delicious and went fast. 

I enjoyed this restaurant. It was cute and presented alright, but I have to say the prices are incredibly high. The quality of the food wasn't worth the price. I am a big fan of Italian food and will pay for food if it is worth it, but I left here feeling like I didn't get my money's worth. 

The staff were fantastic here, food could've been better.  Location is beautiful.
These are the experiences that make me wish I was born an Antonio and my ma called me Tony. What an amazing dose of old school Italian.

There were only two of us. Here's what we got: a waiter I would die for, fried calamari, eggplant rollantini, baked lasagna like no other, gnocchi romano, bolognese, and a la carte meatballs and Italian sweet sausage for dessert. 

Portions are sizable and the red sauce will not disappoint. If you have a friend in town, take them here. This place makes the Philly food scene truly special.
I love this restaurant. I picked up dinner to go tonight, and it was prepared in the right packaging. The food was all still very warm. I ordered the fried calamari, Caesar salad, spaghetti and meatballs (their special), and rigatoni carbonara. They truly make everything from scratch, and their food is very well priced. I've dined inside before Covid, and I love their decorations and feel. Currently, they are doing outdoor dining and food to go. Their outdoor dining set up is great- it's covered and has heaters. Their staff is all wearing masks. They bring the food out covered, so the temperature doesn't change before coming to the table. Definitely support this local business business if you haven't yet!
I LOVE the feel of Dante & Luigi's! It's as if an Italian family opened up their home for guests to dine. LOVE the music that plays. Like a Nat King Cole, Frank Sinatra feel. It's simply classy and classic.

Service was great. Friendly server, water topped off, checking on us. 

I ordered a baked gnocchi because I really wanted something cheesy. I definitely got it. However, when I tasted Mark A.'s rotini carbonara, I wish I had ordered that instead! Delicious! Not an overwhelming bacon taste, but complements well with the sauce. Mmm, I wish I could have some again.

If I were a local, I'd make this a go-to spot for special occasions for sure.
The food and ambiance may be great and very old world, but really the service is where the place goes down hill. 

We called a week ahead to get our reservation, described clearly to the hostess that we would be coming with a wheelchair and they never thought to tell us they had stairs to get in the building.  When we arrived and dealt with waiting for valet, we were introduced to three stairs.  Yikes.  Convinced they had to have a movable ramp, I went inside to speak to the hostess while my handicap father waited outside.  The hostess was so proud to show me how the room was accessible, and drew a blank face when she realized that regardless of the room being flat, the exterior of the restaurant was not.  

My problem lies in the fact that someone took the reservation despite clear direction that we had a handicap person in the party.  It drew insult to injury...literally.  Not everyone that uses a scooter or a wheelchair does it simply because they are "too fat to walk".
I will first start by remarking on the portion sizes: My brother's lasagna was so big that it broke the plate. No, you read that right. His large plate literally split down the middle with a couple more breaks around it. We had half the staff come over to observe. The owner (I believe he was) stated that he had never seen this happen before. But he was extremely nice about it and even gave us the lasagna for free. My brother had only gotten two bites out of it before they whisked it away, but he stated multiple times that God himself would have loved it. The owner gave my brother two huge meatballs to eat in the time between cooking up another one, which was really thoughtful. The second lasagna was just a tiny bit smaller and supposedly not as tasty (we speculate that it was because they had to rush the cooking), but in all honesty, I tried a piece and it was so good that the first one must have been heaven on a plate.

All that being said, the food is really really good here. You do have to wait quite a bit for the food to come out (I think around 40 mins), but I think that's why the food is so good, so I have no problem waiting.  I had the ziti with broccoli rabe and sausage. Some places do broccoli rabe poorly and others do it really well. This is somewhere leaning towards the latter. I really liked my plate and all the other plates I tasted. The carbonara looked scrumptious and my sister in law said she loved it, so I'm glad I made a good nomination. My sisters fettuccini filetto was also really good and the filet mignon was tender and delicious. My dad really enjoyed his linguine with sausage and said that the sausage was perfect. I will say that my mother's chicken was a bit dry, but all the pasta dishes were cooked almost to perfection.

However, the service was a bit slow. Our waiter would be missing for long periods of time and we often had to get others to either refill our water, get bread or other needed items, or even go get our waiter. He was really nice when he was around, but that was not often. I had to take off one star for that. But, he did do fantastically regarding the cake we brought. It was my sister's birthday. He served it with a candle and then cut up nice slices that were decorated with chocolate sauce on the plate. That was the first time that has ever happened and it was really nice.

Overall this place is quite fantastic. I think it's perfect for an intimate date or a large party. The room we were in was a bit rowdy, but the other rooms looked quieter. Perfect restaurant for some good filling Italian food. I left here quite sure that I wouldn't need to eat for the next 2 days.
Made reservations for our 5 year wedding anniversary and we weren't disappointed.  They had outside and indoor seating available. Our reservation was for inside.  This was our first time here and we were shocked with how big and beautiful the restaurant was.  It's very romantic and cozy if you're looking for a quiet meal.

We got the fried calamari, side of meatballs, fettuccine alfredo with spinach, and the risotto with shrimp, clams and 3 types of mushrooms. 

The calamari was tender and crispy.  The breading light, not soggy, and seasoned nicely.   The sauce was also a nice accompaniment as the acidity balanced well with the breading.  The portion was also a nice size as well.

The meatballs were big, moist, and had a lot of flavor.  They were perfect and not a drop of sauce went to waste dragging these glorious balls of meat across the plate.

The fettuccine alfredo was honestly life changing.  The earthiness of the spinach was perfect for cutting through the sauce.  The sauce was heavy like you would expect from alfredo sauce, but there was a lightness to it that didn't weigh you down after a few bites.  It was perfectly balanced.

The risotto came with plenty of seafood.  Im always hesitant to get a seafood dish with rice/pasta because a lot of places skimp of the seafood, but not this dish.  It had everything.  You could taste the sea, earthiness from the mushrooms, and acidity from the sauce.  The risotto was also cooked perfectly. Its hard but for me this may be my go to dish when I go back
Dante & Luigi's is a solid Italian staple in Philadelphia, notorious for its past (you can Google it), its beautiful and homey interior, and of course, its food. We dined here on a late Friday night, and we were taken care of by the humorous Frank. To start, we ordered mussels with a spicy marinara. The mussels were flavorful and succulent, paired with a rich tomato sauce. For our entrees, J ordered the D & L pasta with gravy and meatballs, and I decided to order the entree special of the night. The house made fettucine with a rose sauce, topped with shrimp, jumbo lump crab meat and salmon was very delicious. The pasta had plenty of seafood on it, and I am quite impartial to a blush sauce in general. The meatballs were packed with flavor and had a nice consistency. We finished off with an espresso, a cinnamon topped cappucino, and a tiramisu to share. The cappucino was smooth, strong, and the hint of cinnamon gave the beverage a nice warm finish. The tiramisu was light and airy - the lady fingers still held their shape, unlike most that I've had. We really enjoyed our dining experience overall. Also, they get points for blasting Josh Groban in the background (I am a Grobanite). Bravo.
Came in on a Friday night without a reservation and ended up satisfied and ready to come back. Henry, our waiter, gave a spectacular service and def knows his menu. The decour and ambiance of this place is beautiful and the food adds on to the wonderful experience we had. I will definitely come back and recommend to people about this restaurant.
By far one of the best Italian restaurants in South Phil. Food is out of this world, service is exceptional....A must go!! You will not be disappointed.
I've been hearing my friends non stop rave about this place that's minutes from their apartment. And this past weekend I finally got the opportunity to experience D&L myself. The service itself is superb. Probably the best I've had in a while. I don't think our bread basket was ever empty and my water ever went past half the cup before it was filled to the rim (I drink a lot of water). On top of that, the food was just as good as the service. Definitely a hidden gem. Make reservations if possible!
My family and I came here for an early dinner around 4pm on a weekday. Terrible customer service and food that isn't even as good as the local Olive Garden. The severs were extremely rude and so aggressive with up-selling to the point that it made our dining experience uncomfortable and unenjoyable. 
   When our party of five didn't order any alcoholic beverages the dirty looks and treatment we received from the severs made us want to run out of the restaurant. As we were waiting for our meals we were offered by one of the servers to try the restaurants homemade meatballs- skeptical that this was just another attempt to up-sell us we verified with the server that we would not be charged. When the bill came at the end of our lackluster meal to our disappointment we saw that we were in fact charged for the two meatballs. The server had lied to our faces in attempt to charge us an extra 12 dollars- it came straight out of the tip. On top of that we were also charged for a undisclosed 3% fee for not paying in cash. Don't worry- that also came straight out of the tip. Needless to say we will not be returning!
Food was good however VERY awkward waiters. Constantly trying to get is to order appetizers and drinks. Our waiter looked like he had just received news that he was soon to die when we said no to dessert. Another one of the waiters resembling a serial killer (you'll know who I'm talking about) creepily paces around the dining room at all times. Last, there is a young boy who gives out cheese and bread and looks like his girlfriend just dumped him. Hilarious yet strangely haunting/uncomfortable. 

It was as though us eating at their restaurant was a major inconvenience for them. Like they were doing us a favor or something. Terrible dining experience.
Dante and Luigi's is genuinely my favorite restaurant, anywhere. I have lived in the Northeast, the Mid-West, and the South, and I have been in and eaten a meal in every state in the nation. So I do feel that I can judge, impartially.

When you consider the very excellent quality of the food, the service of all persons in behalf of their customers, which is simply outstanding, the ambiance with soft music from the past, which brings a level of dignity to dining, and the very reasonable prices, so in total, you cannot find a better restaurant, anywhere.

Rich Sternberg, Flemington, NJ
This is the best place to get Abbrussi-style Eggplant Parmigiana, dipped in flour instead of bread crumbs and lightly fried then baked. If you are raving over bread-crumb-encrusted eggplant parm, you are an amateur and a tourist, sorry.
Their broccoli rabe, spinach and escarole appetizers are to die for.
Soups also are always excellent. Order the escarole (Italian Wedding) for a real treat or minestrone as a veggie option.
As well, the manicotti, ravioli and (ricotta) gnocchi: are all authentic, fresh-made and mirror the originals in the Mezzogiorno. The red sauces (meat or marinara) are traditional and excellent accompaniments.
For fish, I recommend their Branzino, if available. I do not eat meat, but my family tells me the veal is excellent.
Me and the bf have eaten here maybe 4 or 5 times and enjoyed it each time.

The restaurant has great ambiance, the service is so-so but the food definitely makes up for everything. most of the pastas are very rich but oh so delicious, you can add chicken, shrimp, crab, or veal to any of the pastas. The fettuccine with crab meat (generous portions of crab meat) is amazing. I recommend saving room for dessert, the tiramisu is superb and huge!

Only complaint is that they charge you a 3% fee for using credit cards so make sure to bring cash.
I am so disappointed !  We came year for the first time in May for my fiancé's birthday and it was awesome. They made it incredibly special for him. I called and asked for a champagne toast when we arrived (i would pay of course just wanted to be a surprise) and i requested a candle in whatever dessert we ordered. It was such a romantic evening That we decided to come back for my birthday. Well that was a mistake ...

First off, when he called to make the reservation, he stated that we're celebrating my birthday requested to make it special (candle in dessert, romantic table, etc). They said "we don't do that. You need to tell your waiter otherwise we can't help you." - if that was me on the phone, that would have been the end. 

Anyway, we get there and the waiter was INCREDIBLY RUDE. I ordered a Caesar salad, no dressing, and he like didn't understand and persisted to ignorantly make fun of my order. Then i got the chicken Parmesan. I asked if it came with a side of pasta - it does: penne - i wanted spaghetti instead. In the middle of my request, he abruptly CUTS ME OFF and sharply says "no substitutions" the moves right onto take my fiancé's order! Never checked on our table. Had to beg the busser for service and for things we needed. I was and still an absolutely disgusted! 

We sat there listening to the other server introduce himself to his tables and properly explain the specials, wine list and bar offerings. Our server barely gave us a greeting. 

I am so disappointed, especially cause this was a celebration dinner and they did absolutely nothing to make it special. (No candle, no acknowledgement, no nothing). I only gave it 3 stars cause the food was AVERAGE this time around. I will not be returning and i will make sure that others follow suit.
I went there to entertain guests from Italy. All the reviews were very good on the food and portions.
I kept checking to see if I was in the same restaurant... :(

The waiters seem to rush you through your meal. One couple had just ordered a drink and when it was delivered the waiter asked if they were ready to order. The couple replied "...we just sat down".
They charged $10 for a gin/tonic! I'm still waiting for the gin part.
I ate at the Four Seasons a couple of weeks ago and their cocktail price was also $10 BUT, it was worth it. You could taste the gin.
 
I had heard raves about the chicken parm so I tried it. It was just OK, nothing to brag about.

My guests all ordered pasta dishes and their portions were very small. That's why there prices are so reasonable, the portions are small. I'm not looking for huge but so many other reviewers said how large their portions were and had to take some home. Are you serious?
My chicken parm came with a small side of pasta. But my plate looked barren. Just a piece of chicken. They could have at least presented it better.

Was disappointed. Probably won't go back.
I'm very sorry folks. .don't get sucked into the south philly. ."nostalgia".thing..like you are really lucky to be eating here. .bs.!
This is a tourist trap . I've been to great Italian restaurants. 
They used boxed spaghetti. .
My friends veal dishes were cut like bologna. .
They couldn't even get through it. 
It was tough like leather. 
I had stuffed calamari. 
Microwaved.
So tough impossible to eat. .
Very lame. .
All I have to say. 
Boxed pasta.
It was shit. .
Veal was not cut against the bias..
They know they screwed us..
People. 
A tourist trap..
Avoid it..

Go to villa di roma..
It has to be better. .
Im SORRY. 
.
This is my review. 
And it is true. 
No shit. .
TOURIST TRASH. .TRAP.
DON'T GET TAKEN FOR GRANTED AND A SHIT RIDE.

MY FRIENDS COULDN'T EVEN EAT THEIR VEAL DISHES..look.the appetizer. Was a incredible joke..it was tiny. .
Like leather. .
And I was watched when I ate it..
Totally. Overrated. Trash..
Listen to me.
No 80 year old beautiful Italian woman cooking in the kitchen here.
You are just paying for someone's shore house. 
Trust me on this. .
Go anyplace else. 
I can cook canned clam sauce and pasta at home and get better. .
I will tell owners to their face. .
Because it's 100%true. .
AND they have to know it..
I don't know. .

My appetizer.
17.95..
Was. Microwaved. 
And like your leather belt...
The owners have. .have to know. .WHAT IS WRONG AND COMING OUT OF THE KITCHEN. .!
Oh..The wait staff were beautiful. .
And knew their shit. 
But we were screwed.
Totally TRASH. 
!!.
Box pasta..
That's all I have to say. 
I've been to great Italian restaurants. .
With. .
HOME MADE PASTA.
IT WAS SHIT..
If you think this is good. .then you never had really great Italian food. .
We visited Dante & Luigi's for dinner recently on a Saturday night and we really enjoyed it!  First of all, the setting is really cool.  The building and decor are very old school, which we love.  The staff is attentive and friendly.  The food is really good.  I had some of the best gnocchi I ever ate....buttery, melt-in-your-mouth goodness!  I loved that they didn't rush us through the meal and really loved that they waited until we were finished eating AND asked for the check before they gave it to us.  I hate when waiters drop the check on the table while you are still eating.  I liked the relaxed music they were playing and the fact we could talk without having to yell over each other.  Prices are moderate.  Entrees range from around $15 - $30 and salads and appetizers range from around $5 - $15.

If you live in South Jersey, it's pretty easy to get to this restaurant via PATCO.  Get off at the 9th/10th & Locust stop and walk down 10th toward Spruce.  Continue a few more blocks to Dante & Luigi's.  

The restaurant has a moderately elegant atmosphere so you could dress up and not feel out of place (although casual attire works too).

All in all, a very enjoyable visit and we will definitely go to Dante & Luigi's again!
Loved our waiter and the Carbonara! Not as big of a fan of the pasta and sausage- especially since it came with spaghetti and we asked for Fusilli!
Second issue- we were told we could only get reservations at 6:00- and only a few diners were there! We could have gone at 6:30 and been fine. Third issue- the hostess informed us (after we were seated with water and drinks) that ALL their toilets were out of order. Why weren't we told ahead of time? 
Nice place but needs more customer service.
Good food terrible service which is not what I expected.  I had reservations for 8:30 and our server rushed us through the entire meal.  He even took our main entre away before I it was finished.  

To the owners:  If you want people out of the restaurant don't have an 8:30 seating!
I love this place. We go there nearly every year for my grandmother's birthday and like Paige W, it is the restaurant that I picked for my boyfriend's parents and my mom to first meet each other. The food is reliable, filling anfd delicious. They make one of the very few lasagnes that I will eat not prepared by a member of my family, and I look forward to it. The lamb stew is delicious as well, as are the canneloni and the sweetbreads. People with developed palates and people with no tastebuds both enjoy D&L's.
At last, my love has come along. Days of mediocre Italian food are over. Dante and Luigi can do no wrong. 

Ahem- sorry- was I singing? My bad. 

First of all, I'm pretty sure my grandmother is working in their kitchen. Never in my life have I had Escarole soup (AKA Italian Wedding Soup for you non-Italians) SO insanely identical in taste to my grandmother's I had to have a chat with her about it. She just laughed at me when I confronted her which leads me to believe she has a side job at 87 years young. 

Everything was just absolutely delicious. I highly recommend this place if you enjoy real authentic Italian food.
My wife & I went here for Valentine's dinner..........WOW!! Service was impeccable, food was absolutely 1st rate. We shared a crabmeat & portabella mushroom appetizer(which was delicious) , my wife had veal medallions rollatini which she enjoyed immensely & I had the bronzino(Mediterranean sea bass) stuffed w/ lobster rizzoto, which was also amazing. We also shared a cannoli for desert, which was the best cannoli I've ever had, it literally melted in my mouth. I'm thinking this will be our Valentine's spot imperpetuem.

Just make sure you make a reservation(some poor schlub actually walked in off the street ON VALENTINE'S WEEKEND & expected to get a table!! I burst out laughing!!)) & bring plenty of cash; dinner for 2 was around $140 w/ drinks before tip; they do take credit cards, but tack on 3%!! 

NOTE: I don't know how but this review wound up on Ristorante Panorma's page. I've never been there. I removed that review. Dante & Luigi's is where we went, & very glad of it.

EDIT:
My wife, son, & I went here for a surprise Father's Day dinner on 6/15/13, & the same thing I'm now going to bring up happened the 1st time: the valet parking leaves a little to be desired. 1st off, my wife was driving both times, & both times we had to search out the valet, who WAS STANDING ON THE CURB RIGHT IN FONT OF D & L'S. A good valet will open a door for a customer, especially a woman. The "Tip-O-Meter" was running, dude!! Secondly, when your parking a block away, why oh why does it take so damn long to get my car?? I mean 20 minutes. Really? And they charge $18, a wee bit steep, especially early in the day......not taking anything away from D & L's food or service wise, it's impeccable, but they may want to re-think the whole valet parking deal w/ whomever they are dealing w/ now & get somebody else in the near future.

NOTE: D&L's have since changed the valet they use.....MUCH improved.

EDIT: Went back here for Valentine's dinner on Sunday, 2/13....everything great as usual, but the one complaint I do have is that this is supposed to be fine dining....why do they allow schlubs dressed in jogging suits/sweats/yoga pants? If I'm paying top dollar for a meal, I don't need to see some bozo & his family looking like they just rolled into McDonald's. Whatever happened to "Proper Attire Required"? You don't want to get dressed up to go to dinner, fine....go to Wendy's or The Melrose Diner....but in the end, I do blame the management for this....They really should enforce a dress code. If you're paying $200 for dinner, then Joe Schmo should be turned away for looking like an unmade bed.
Dante and Luigi's was a perfect last meal in Philly.  For a town as old as Philly, it was only appropriate that I visit the oldest Italian restaurant in the city, this place has been serving up food since 1899.  Holy cow, when I was getting my high school diploma, this place was turning 100.

My friend and I sit down for an 830 reservation in the main dining room.  As others have mentioned there are two rooms here, to the right is what I would call a parlor room with high ceilings and a bar with tables.  The room to the left is more of a dining room.  But, I'm not here to talk about the décor, I'll leave that up to someone else.  I am here to talk about is the amazing food.

We started our meal off with pasta frijole.  A hearty soup composed of kidney and white beans, pasta, tomato sauce and a blend of spices, this soup could warm up your entire body on a cold day. For an entrée I had the veal parmesan.  A giant piece of veal came out covered in mozzarella cheese topped with Dante's & Luigi's famous gravy.  It was so good, it initially made me mad.  Why isn't this place near my hometown?  Why the eff, didn't I grow up eating at this place?  Another bite was sheer bliss followed by bitterness.  I got over the bitterness and just embraced the bliss.  This meal was too good to be anything but happy.

To close out our meal, we had some lemon sorbet which was the perfect pallet cleanser and a glass of port.

The service was Dante and Luigi consisted of two main servers with two assistants.  I wouldn't call them bus boys as they did a lot more than just bus tables.  After receiving our pasta frijole, my friend mentioned to me that he'd like some grated parmesan on his soup.  One of the assistants overheard his comment and promptly came over to the table with the parmesan.  Our waiter forgot about the port I had ordered with dessert and when I reminded him of it, he offered it to me on the house.

With amazing food and great service, It's obvious why Dante and Luigi's has been around forever.
Dante & Luigi's is decent Italian food. The service is so-so. The dishes are pretty good.
Caprese salad was okay. Fresh mozzarella, three tomato slices, fresh basil. Easy.
Perciatelli Genovese was delicious. Ground veal bolognese sauce was thick, heavy, and tasty.
The Fettucini Filetto was great. Lots of sliced filet mignon and cooked well. Great sauce.
I'm not sure if the pasta is home-made...I know some are...but I don't think our dishes had fresh pasta.
Service was so-so, definitely could have been more attentive. They forgot to give us bread until we reminded them and it didn't show up until our meals did. Also, another table was asked if they wanted cheese for their pasta, we were not asked. Took a while between finishing the meal and getting the check. There was a nice 10% discount for paying cash though.
The decor is an older world, which is actually really beautiful and timeless.
There are too many Italian restaurants to return often.
My wife and I came here for our wedding anniversary and Dante & Luigi's did not disappoint! From the service to the ambiance and finally to the food, everything was perfection. This place has easily become one of my top restaurants to visit. It was a memorable experience and one we will not forget. The food tasted authentic and truly homemade from Grandma's kitchen! We can not wait to make our next reservations at Dante & Luigi's!
Classic as it gets old school Philly Italian. Rooms are wallpapered and yearn for an old dining room. 

The classics abound. Expertly done veal saltimbucca is perfect. Side of rigatoni in red in the little bowl. Parmesan abounds in the classic Caesar with anchovies. 

Want to taste Philly, come here.
I've been to D&L's several times, but most recently for a special occasion with someone who has never been, it didn't disappoint.  I've sat in the parlor, in the front dining room, and last night dined in the back dining room next to the fireplace; I have read reviews taking about the decor, personally I find the place to be incredibly authentic and actually quite nice, much different (in a good way) than most other south philly italian places.  Anyway, the food has always been great and priced very reasonably, we ordered an italian cabernet for $26 (a bargain), and a traditional antipasto with some very sharp and very tasty provolone cheese for $14, I had the veal catherine with shrimp and crabmeat which was perfect and my date had the veal parm, which was huge and equally as good, for dessert we split an overstuffed cannoli, the bill was $100 - an exceptional value, can't wait to go back.  Just remember to bring cash or you will be stuck with a relatively small 3.5% credit card surcharge.
One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. I've been here countless times, and I always have a great experience. Some dishes I'd recommend are the braciole or the Sunday gravy with meatballs. I always go with rigatoni.

The restaurant itself has a really old time feel and a bit of history. There was actually an attempted mafia hit that took place here in the 70s or 80s. Pretty interesting stuff.
Wanted to try this place out based on its history/beautiful dining room I noticed on a walk home from work once. I grew up on Italian food and when the craving hits it must be fulfilled. 

Came here on a Saturday night busy with reservations as a walk in and a single diner which I know is usually tough to swing - the hostess was not annoyed with me and gave me an accurate wait time and checked on me several times which I appreciated. Got a great seat in the corner of the dining room.

Started with the house special salad of chopped romaine with mortadella, provolone, olives, tomatoes and fresh roasted peppers. It is a typical salad however the freshness was incredible and all of the flavors popped. The balsamic vinegar on the table is the best I've ever tasted and elevated the salad from good to great. Next I ordered a plate of perciatelli (thick tube long pasta) with braciole and red sauce which was cooked to perfection. I ate the entire thing and ordered dessert anyway, vanilla chocolate chip ice cream served in an old school sundae glass with excellent coffee to boot. 

Service is efficient/brusque all male serving staff. They were on point and answered all questions and honored special requests. The dining room is cozy and gorgeous and made me miss my
 family. Fabulous meal overall in a classy atmosphere. I've been to Ralph's and this is head and shoulders above it. Can't wait to come back!!!
It's just OK. Nothing to go out of your way to try. Everything was way too salty. Portions were decent. Decor is old school as was the waitstaff.
As always, when I visit Dante and Luigi's for a dinner meal, I am rewarded with very personal attention and care, immediately when I enter the restaurant, as is the case for every one of their customers. The food is always outstanding, and the waiters all provide you with your food so promptly, that I have never experienced a dinner meal that isn't very appropriately hot. In fact, the service is simply the very best. 

Insomuch as I live an hour north, in NJ, I do not get to this fabulous restaurant as often as I would like, maybe 5-6 times annually, but whenever I/we fly into Philadelphia International Airport, dinner is at Dante and Luigi's. Such was the case this past Friday evening, and during my meal, my waiter, "Tommy", provided excellent service continually, never rushing me through my courses, as he knows I like to eat my dinners quite slowly, for there does exist a difference between just eating a meal and really dining! [In several other restaurants, I have received my entree' sometimes within minutes of, say, my salad, and then I have to negotiate whether or not to eat more quickly or simply put my salad aside. THIS IS NEVER A CONCERN AT DANTE AND LUIGI's!]

Beyond my waiter, and although the dining area in which I sat was virtually filled, Franco, a manager there, came by my table three times, during my one and a half hour meal, to ascertain that all was fine with me and my dinner!

I also love the soft music that is played in the background, never so loud that you cannot communicate with your spouse, or friend, etc.

Lastly, the menu's prices evidence just how willing owner "Connie" and her staff are always able to charge their customers very reasonably priced meals. Candidly, I am always surprised that my check at my meal's end is less than I well might have expected it to be.  

SO, DO I LIKE DANTE AND LUIGI'S .......NO, I TRULY LOVE THAT RESTAURANT! JUST WISH WE LIVED MUCH CLOSER, FOR I WOULD THEN BE THERE PROBABLY TWO NIGHTS EACH WEEK.

Rich Sternberg, Flemington, NJ
This was my first time at Dante & Luigi's to celebrate my best friend's 40th birthday. 

Appetizers: C-
For an Italian establishment, I had high expectations for the "fresh bread". I've purchased better Italian bread at Stop & Shop. :( It was cold, tough, and the butter was a cold brick. The sesame seeds on the bread saved it a bit, but your Italian bread should be fresh and warm! My salad was equally sad. The tomatoes were grainy, pale, and served in gigantic thick wedges over romaine. It was extremely underwhelming. 

Entrees: A
I ordered the gnocchi dish with rosetta sauce, and they were delicious little pillows of gnocchi! The sauce was tasty and light. My friend ordered the lasagna, which looked equally delicious. 

Dessert: B
The ricotta cannoli filling was light & heavenly but the shell did not taste fresh - it tasted like it was sitting in the refrigerator too long. 

Service: C-
Our server was not very friendly, did not acknowledge that we were there to celebrate a 40th birthday, and never came back to freshen our drinks.
I'm updating this review, which was outstanding, just to say that my first review was about 6 weeks ago, and I enjoyed my meal here so much that I came back 2 weeks later.  I told myself that I would get something different, but in fact I liked my meal so much I got exactly the same things.  And it was just as good, from the setting to the service to the food.  And then I came back just 2 weeks ago for 3rd time for dining outdoors in the COVID19 era, and enjoyed it just as much.  So I would say that my first great review holds, with the update being that it was not just a fluke but reflects consistency also.
OH MY GOD - WOW WOW WOW!!! This might be my new favorite Italian restaurant. The history here is pretty awesome. The ambiance was beautiful, and the staff was very friendly.  The bar tender was amazing, my martini was perfect. But the food - was just delicious.  We ordered the muscles and a salad to start - and both were a 5/5. For dinner I had the Gnocchi Romano - and they practically melted in to mouth. So light and so flavorful!! I was also excited to see spumoni on the menu, it was great!! I can't wait to get back to this restaurant soon.
The food was good, but the service was horrible. Everything was fine until we finished our entrée. We ended up waiting over a half an hour for the waiter to come ask use about dessert. Then on the way out he made rude comments about us behind our back. Do not ask for Dominic aka Vito if you decide to eat here. After complaining to the manager the only thing we got taken off was the tip. Horrible night!
Went to Dante and Luigi's tonight.  We wanted real Italian tonight and selected this place based  on fellow yelpers.  Well sad to report that I can not agree with the 4 star reviews.  Things did not start well when we pulled up to the $10 valet parking and no one came out to open my wife's door.  He just stood on the steps, I guess since he did not want to get we from the RAIN. So I get out and say "what's up"  he says "sorry some people just stop here"  I will just leave it at that.  
When we get inside no one greets us.   Finally Frank comes and I tell him what happened with the valet and he says "we do not own the valet and that is a separate company". Poor excuse since they obviously hire the company.  I hate $10 valet anyway no matter where I am.  Frank decides to seat us in the bar with a party with babies.  Now we had a reservation and the place was not busy.  We got seated in the dining area and Frank brought two glasses of champagne to make us feel better.
No appetizers since already not feeling good about the place. 
We ordered the special which was a wide ribbon seafood pasta and the veal saltimbocca.  The pasta came out mushy.  Not  even close to al dente. The veal  was average.  Pretty  bland, not much inspiration for a real Italian meal.  Overall the ambiance is good but I felt the overall experience lacking.  You could just tell that overall the restaurant is run in an average way with no passion.  Should have known that something was not right when we were able to get a reservation any time we wanted.  For a friday night the place was half empty.  
Sorry for such a poor review.  I really was looking for a great meal, but it was not to be.  In addition I do not think it was just bad luck.  I do not have a good feeling about  
Dante and Luigi's,  just too old school.
No frills, no pretentiousness, no hipsters, just good ol' honest food.  Dante and Luigi's makes the best tasting bolognese sauce I've ever had.  And if you're a seafood lover, you've got to try the succulent crabmeat and shrimp on a bed of al dente linguini...delicioso!  It will be a challenge to save room for dessert after having their huge portions of food, but you've got to try their tiramisu or other decadent goodies (all made in-house) with a cup of black coffee to finish it off--trust me, you'd go home happy.  This neat little historical establishment is definitely a hit with both yours truly and her in-laws visiting from rural PA...'nuff said.
Delightful ambiance and solicitous service, but the food was expensive and unremarkable. 

One of the appetizers had artichokes and eggplant. The chokes were the watery canned type. All red sauced dishes seemed to come from the same vat of generic red sauce. This is Italian circa 1960 maybe. 

Many enticing menu items, but executed by a high school cafeteria kitchen, and then served with flair.

Very expensive
Very disappointing
Took my parents here for their 25th wedding anniversary and was overall not impressed.

Was disappointed with their antipasto, there was not much to it at all. However, the cheese on it was great.

3 people I was with ordered the Caesar salad & they didn't seem to care for it very much. 

The penne ala vodka was decent, nothing special about it. 

My dad ordered a cannoli for dessert that had no taste to it at all.

I had high hopes for Dante & Luigi's and was sadly let down!
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in a city renown for its Italian restaurants. The service is excellent. Ask for Dominic. The woman at the front entrance who runs the place looks just like Talia Shire (Connie) from The Godfather! It's attractive. I always start with fried calamari--perfectly crisp and hot, never soggy. Get the eggplant rollatini and the antipasto plate. There's a huge menu but I don't even bother looking at it because I always get clams or mussels in white wine sauce with spaghetti. No one else makes it like they do. My husband usually gets osso bucco with risotto. The prices are reasonable. You can't go wrong with this place.
My family always used to go to the same spot for Italian in Philly: Villa Di Roma. This spot is a little bit nicer on the inside. I went here for a bachelor party so I don't know how the prices were as we all went in at the start of the night on entertainment for the entire eve. There were a handful of options for main dishes, and family style for appetizer's and contorni. The mussels fra diavlo were worth mentioning, as was the broccoli raab. The aroma hit me as the server walked into the room with a steamy pot of these guys. I tried just about everything on the table and the lasagna was mammoth big. I liked the old school vibe of the back room we were in. I'd go back here as I think the options we had were limited since we were such a large party, they were trying to keep it easy.
Omg perfect date night spot! Very courteous staff, bar is very basic but everything was great: atmosphere, food, great bottle list and of course the company! :)
I don't even know where to start - the decor, the music, the wine, the odd and hilarious waiter, or the food? How about the wine. In sum, it was like terrible grape juice. There was speculation that perhaps it came from an outdated box in the back as penance for not ordering a full bottle of more expensive wine. In combination with the very meh bread, this caused some concern for the forthcoming food. However, the gnocchi romano was pretty tasty, especially the sauce, and both entrees were very fresh and made with care. The waiters were VERY attentive. 

The music... needs its own paragraph. A little Josh Groban, a little opera... wait, the opera WAS Josh Groban. Is Josh Groban Italian? I don't know, but I'm not paying to be at the opera.
This restaurant is definitely a south Philadelphia gem! They offer both indoor and outdoor dine in, their menu is big so it's easy to find something everyone would like if you are gathering with friends or families.

Service was prompt and friendly, be sure to ask what's the special of the day! You might be surprised. The special of the day was a lobster pasta with roasted cherry tomatoes! Delizioso! 

There were many choices for dessert, the Italian cream cake I had was like a tiramisu but without the coffee, if you like vanilla I would also recommend it for you.

Overall a good restaurant, if you are looking for a place to eat, check this out and you won't be disappointed.

At the very end, I also would recommend you to bring cash if you plan to visit this restaurant.
Hear ye, Hear ye. I have discovered the best penne alla vodka in Philadelphia!

It happened on a Friday evening at Dante and Luigi's. We had reservations for two at 7pm, but didn't necessarily need them because there were several open tables. Compared to Ralph's and Villa di Roma, D&L's is a more upscale environment. No tile here, it's more like a formal living or dining room. We were seated in the front of the restaurant close to the swinging doors of the kitchen (fun to watch the comings and goings). We started off with some very tasty fried calamari and couldn't get enough of the fresh bread and olive oil. I had a glass of some Napa Valley Rose which was really good. Dining Partner had the Veal Parmesean as his entree and I had creamy vodka sauce smothered over al dente penne. The sauce was so creamy and full of pancetta I immediately asked if they sold it. Unfortunately they only sell their marinara, I was devastated to say the least. There was no room for dessert, but we left happy as can be.
Just like my nonna used to make! 

Confession: I don't really have an Italian grandmother. But if I did, I like to imagine her food would taste like the fare at Dante & Luigi's.

Solid, classic South Philly Italian menu with all the charm of the city's yesteryears you could ask for. You're not going to get the inventiveness of places like Le Virtu or Amis, but you're going to leave satisfied, heavily carbed up and full.  Make sure to take a peek at their original menu by the hostess stand. It is literally the same as the one you'll see on your table. Except of course that you could get a meatball for a nickel or something similarly ridiculous back then.

I'd recommend staying the course and opting for the Italian gravy (not sauce, never sauce!). But you really can't go wrong with most of the options.

The one thing I did find myself a bit confused about was the Sautéed Calamari. So much marinara! Why so much marinara?! I half expected to see the little squid rings jump on tiny boats and float across the serving dish, reenacting Columbus sailing towards the edge of the world. But I can't complain too much, because it did make for an excellent bread dip. And you know I boxed up the rest of that liquidy goodness and made my own concoction with it for lunch the next day. I'd like to think this made my sweet, non-existent nonna smile down on me from heaven.
i ordered the classic spaghetti and meatballs............. i wasn't blown away... the service was good, until the end... where i asked for the check like 10 times... a bit disappointing.
Dante & Luigis has been a family staple of mine for years. My husband even first met my parents here, possibly to see if he passed the "good eater" test. The food is all delicious and better than some of the food I've had in Rome and Venice. The service is wonderful as well. The fifth star is really just removed for the salads, which come with no dressing but oil and vinegar. Lettuce, tomato, and balsamic vinegar is something I can do better at home, and not worth filling up on when we have ciopinnos and lasagnas ahead. Otherwise, a sure thing.
I'm a spoiled New Yorker, what can I say?

When I heard this was the oldest Italian restaurant in Philly, I had high expectations. When I saw the prices, I had higher expectations. Expectations not met.

I had the spaghetti with bolognese sauce which was good but I have had so much better. I think the sauce was the most disappointing part of the meal.

The bread served in the beginning is fresh and I did appreciate the sweetness of the vinegar to accompany the olive oil. The sautéed spinach was too bitter, but the Italian sweet sausages I tried were good. 

This is a descent place but I mean descent and I had expected 5 stars.
Capturing the essence of classic Italian dining, Dante and Luigi's DOES NOT disappoint. Exceptional homemade dishes surpassed only by the old world service. Mick's blend of relaxed, attentive service made us feel like we'd been dining there for decades, when it was only our first visit.

The ambiance was old world romantic Italian at its best. Sophisticated yet approachable, you felt like you were dining in someone's spacious dining room.

If you are seeking chic, nuevo cuisine, there are plenty of celebrity chef joints to hang out in, but if you want the real deal taste of south Philadelphia Italian, this is your place.

Not many places like this left so make your reservation, be on time, and open your mind to how Italian should be done.

BTW, valet parking is available, and cash is preferred over credit. Nice discount for the latter.
I love, love, love this place. I am sure there are some better Italian restaurants in Philly but this one is a great pic for price and quality. I think their veal is as good as you can get and everything you get is authentic and well made. I love their pasta and their Italian gravy is delicious. I have taken many who grew up in homes where mom was one of the best Italian cooks they knew and they were impressed by the quality.
Went here for dinner on a Friday night with a group of 9. We had excellent service and the food was AMAZING. The staff was friendly, attentive and accommodating.
This is the real deal when it comes to Italian food -- simply the best and not to be missed on your next trip to Philly.  

Very traditional, yet tasty Italian fare -- try the Manicotti or the Ziti & Sausage.
Dante & Luigi's is very South Philly and very delicious!  I didn't have trouble finding a vegan pasta dish to order, and my omnivorous boyfriend didn't have trouble helping me finish it-- in fact, he liked it better than his meaty dish.  Our drinks were excellent as well (the house white wine and a Manhattan).

We sat in the room with the bar, which had a nicer and more interesting feel to it than the restaurant-only room.  The atmosphere is charmingly old-school, but not in a contrived or nostalgic way; it seems like it just hasn't changed much over the years.  Modern feminist woman though I may be, I couldn't help but be charmed when our waiter (who was SO South Philly) referred to me as "the lady." 

I don't know how they do this, but their coffee is infinitely better than any coffee I have ever tasted.  I ordered it black because I assumed they wouldn't have soy milk.  Usually I can sort of tolerate black coffee, but I don't derive much pleasure from it.  This, however, was an entirely different coffee experience.  It was sublimely perfect coffee.  It was dream coffee.  It was smooth and velvety and pure and didn't have a single note of bitterness.  I savored every single sip, and I would have ordered a second cup but I wanted to be able to sleep that night.  It was beyond anything I've ever had at a coffee shop, let alone at a restaurant after dinner.  Unbelievable.  I hope they never open a coffee shop, because I would spend all my money there.
I was here for a large wedding rehearsal dinner, so I can't give input on what it's like to be a regular customer off the street, ordering from a menu. I can only attest to the quality of the food (Yummy! Just like Nana used to make it!), the atmosphere (very south Philly eye-tail-yan comfortable) and the service (pretty good). They put us in a large room in the back to accommodate us all, and I found the food and room to be like visiting your grandparents - a perfect fit for the food. If I lived here, I would definitely go here again, especially with a group of people.
Amazing.

Not a better Italian place in all of the city. 

The food is prepared to perfection, the restaurant itself wows you with old world charm and the service is second to none.

There's a reason this place has been around as long as it has.  It does everything right.

Call me plain but I'm a sucker for chicken parmesan and have had it everywhere and none come close to theirs.

I'll be back...again and again and again.
Dante & Luigi's, was established in 1899 and is one of the oldest existing Italian restaurants in the United States. Situated in the heart of the Philadelphia's Italian Market district, it was once the destination of Italian immigrants arriving in Philadelphia. 

The restaurant is housed inside of two converted town houses / brownstones at the corner of 10th Street and Catharine Street, and it reflects much of the Old World charm from that era. Walking through the front door you see row upon row of dining awards including a 5-Star from Zagat's and several Best of Philadelphia awards. 

The menu is a stunning mixture of homemade Italian favorites with fresh seafood, and some amazing daily specials. The wine menu is a very pleasant blend of red and wine Italian wines, competitively priced to add to the enjoyment of your meal.

We were there for dinner, and started with a bottle of Italian Pinot Noir and freshly-baked Italian bread. Next was a small house salad (Romaine lettuce, tomatoes & olives) with a light oil & vinegar dressing. For my main course I ordered Veal Saltimboca which was medallions of veal with fresh sage, proscuitto, mushrooms & provolone cheese in a sherry sauce, and that came with a small side of penne pasta in Italian gravy (marinara sauce).

We finished this excellent meal by splitting Tira Misu which is the classic Italian dessert of Lady fingers, mascarpone cheese, creamy egg custard, flavored  with  Ameretto, Espresso & Kahlua. Oh yes, please.....I'd like 7 or 8 of these to go!!!!!
This place is delicious. Came here one evening with my family. I cant remember our server's name but he also went by a nickname. Great guy. Very nice to our 5 yr old. Food and atmosphere was fantastic and was socially distance inside when indoor dining was still allowed. One of the specials was the branzino entree which was delicious and my husband got that. Another one was the appetizer and it was a fried calamari and shrimp with fried lemon. I wondered how that was done because it was delicious! Fried lemon?! Mind blown! Will come back when indoor dining is allowed again. We love and miss South Philly and all the good food
My husband and I were delighted with our dinner at Dante & Luigi's. We started with the antipasto. It came with a collection of meats, cheese, and marinated veggies and olives that were simply delicious and of impeccable quality. It was large, especially for two people, and so we wrapped up most of it for later. 

We tried the Osso Bucco and Lasagna for our mains. Of the two, we liked the Osso Bucco better. The veal was melt-in-the-mouth tender, moist, with a delicious unctuous sauce, and was one of the best versions of this classic that I've ever had. The osso bucco was served with a piece of bone large enough to yield a good sized dollop of marrow. Yum! I would return to Philadelphia just for this dish.

The Lasagna was perfectly serviceable, but not outstanding. I would like to try some of the other pastas instead.

We tried the tiramisu for dessert, and thought that it good, but not great.
My family and I are pretty picky with regards to our food. So when the most critical people in my family tell me that they liked a place, its a great place! 

Ambiance is stellar, large enough to accommodate my family of 7. The staff was very attentive and generous with the bread! Also he was very helpful with wine selections (both per glass and per bottle) and deciding with appetizers without having left overs of appetizers which is always good and lets us save room for dinner. We also were able to get little bit of history of the restaurant and the original owners and the current owners as well as the menu and the building. My family then ordered dinner, including vegetarian pastas, seafood, lamb and chicken entrees. Everyone was VERY happy with quantity and quality of food, all entrees were very well sized, and flavorful and had a good amount of the main dish. For my family that means that they were not ripped off with small portions of their meat or fish and it was fresh and good quality meat or fish. 

We were there to celebrate so when I ordered spumoni, which was very good and fresh, they brought it out with a candle and were accommodating for my large group and refilling our water glasses even after we paid the bill. 

The manager had come by towards the end to see what we thought and asked if we had any suggestions or concerns (obviously we had none) lol. The current owner later came and greeted us and even had a conversation with us about the history of the restaurant and the menu and told us that she and her husband have owned it for about 25 years and they try to preserve it as best as they can. 

MUST GO!
I always enjoy coming to D&L for an old school South Philly Italian.  So reliable for solid dishes like Osso Buco, pork Milanese, braciole, and of course Sunday Gravy - it's a no frills classic that is incredibly comfortable. An elegant setting with fireplaces, wood floors, white table cloths, and white shirts with ties for the servers can make an ordinary night out seem special. Service by the way is very attentive, yes sir, no ma'am, please, thank you, they aim to please, professional staff. Quick to acknowledge when seated, speedy return with cocktails, and meal is well managed bringing dishes when ready and maintaining a tidy table throughout the seating. Always nearby but never intrusive. Add everything up and this is one special restaurant.
Went here for a family member's birthday. The food is your standard Italian, with a deep rooted south Philadelphian and Italian history. The waitstaff was attentive and the atmosphere is business casual/classy. It was a wonderful birthday dinner. 

I had the gnocchi, which tasted delicious as my main meal. I also had a house salad, which was a standard as-you-would-expect type of house salad. It's served with vinegar and oil, which complimented the fresh salad nicely. I especially loved the chocolate mousse!
The service was a little slow, but very knowledgeable and helpful. The mozzarella in the caprese salad was yummy and fresh. The calamri wasn't salty the way I usually find it. The best part was my entree, seafood catelloni with a pesto marinar sauce. Best thing I've eaten in a while. Lastly the wine list wasn't too expensive. Good experience overall. They had valet for for only 8 dollars which was a plus as well since there seemed to be no other parking.
Classic Old World Italian!  A couple from out of town was coming to Philadelphia and had suggested to eat here based on a former relative that used to work there for 40+ years.  That right there should tell you that this place is timeless, open since 1899 and arguably the oldest restaurant in the city this place does it right.

Our party started with the classic anti-pasta as our appetizer.  Some great stuff proscuitto and a rarity among platters mortadel.  

We also started with a bottle of red table wine.  Excellent choice from Italy, 70% Cab Sav and 30% Cab franc.  We decided to order family style and get four different plates for our entrees.  One Veal saltimbucco, gnocci, a chicken and pork.  These was all excellent and had an awesome time sampling each of the flavors.  

Fresh bread and olive oil is brought to your table before the meal.  Good service.  This place just gets it right.  Had to finish off with a little tiramisu, which was good as well.  We also asked for a side of red sauce which was awesome to try.  My out of town friend ended up buying 10 bottles for family and friends.

The food was excellent, the service was great, but one of the most important aspects was the ambiance...sitting in a place over 100 years old on the tip of South Philly.
The only reason why this place gets more than 2 stars is because my brother was happy with it and he was the birthday boy. So in honor of him - 3 stars. 

The ambiance is great, the server was very polite (no problem with service) but quality of food was sub par. The stuffed peppers with veal was too soggy. We ordered 3 different veal dishes and I think my veal was overcooked because the meat was so dry that you could snap it in half. Last time I checked, meat shouldn't do that. Not good meat anyway.

For dessert we had dark side of the moon which was better than store bought cake but nothing special. I wouldn't go there again but I wouldn't stop anyone from going.
Philly!!! How is this rated so high?

1- when you enter, they proudly present the past noodles they use in the entry. These are the same $1-2 noodles you can buy at ANY bodega, market, etc. 
2- they charge more $16-20 per dish even pasta and it's made with crappy ingredients and not even good.
3- i was shocked with the taste of almost everything. My brother did like the mussels but everything else?! Eeeeek
4-they charge NYC prices and they aren't worth it.
5- the server had a dress shirt on and white cloth table cloth on table. A homeless man with scabies can take a shower, put a new shirt on, but it doesn't cover the issues under the surface. This restaurant is putting lipstick on a pig, and I'm shocked that in a city with such amazing food this place gets good ratings. 

The service was ok but it was not table cloth service so it wasn't price equivalent. I felt bad, our server seemed so bored and not polished but she took an order and served our food on time. It happens, we can't all be "on" but a smile and being friendly is an underhanded pitch and would have been nice.

4- I got the antipasto plate.meat and cheeses are pre sliced at I'm guessing Costo or high volume restaurant suppliers but the issue is they are skimping on quality and fresh product.
I also got spaghetti and meatballs, since it's tough to mess that up. I'll give them a 5-6 for the pasta. 

Nooo soda refills! For all the crap they serve, it would have lessened the blow. 

My bro got the veal and didn't finish it but our uncle who will eat poop on a stick, finished it off.

5-don't go here. I honestly beg ya to turn the corner and google another option. We had a $123 lunch and I would have hoped for yummy and I just got regret and confusion. 

Oh and I spit the salami out from the Antipasto plate.
Walking by this restaurant in Bella Vista, you'd think you were in Rome. Outside are, in traditional Italian style, stone statues. And most night you will see various diners outside smoking and laughing.

Inside, this place is a mansion. There are three separate dining rooms and two bars, from what I remember. The staff is so friendly, and most are related. This place hardly gets any recognition from Philadelphian's (despite Zagat's 5-star rating) and is underrated.

I recommend the gnocci, which, although it sounds simple, is amazing. If you fall in love with their vodka sauce, you can even order more online.

One tip: if you are reserving a table for a special occasion, request to not be sat in the converted-garage room on the right; it's less cozy.
We wanted to try the old school places in the Bella Vista neighbotghood we stayed in. 10pm on a rainy Saturday night during a weekend visit to Philly we went for a light late dinner at Dante & Luigi's/

- The waiter was not very attentive or friendly. 
- There were two dining rooms, we sat in the more updated one which
  had a romantic atmosphere.
- We started with the Eggplant Rolitini- The ricotta stuffing was creamy  
  & Delicious & the sauce was tasty but the middle was cold... big
  downer since the warm edges of this dish tasted really good. 
- For our main we split the Gnocchi Romano (Homemade with Ricotta &
  Romano Cheeses in a creamy Rosetta Sauce). The sauce was good
  but some of the outside of gnocchi's were a little gummy.

Being from NYC we're picky about our pasta but we really expected better from Dante and Luigi's.
This is our go-to for Italian.  I'm in love with the gnocchi, those little pillows of potato fluffiness melt in your mouth.  Literally, they do.  It's the best Italian dish I ever have and my go-to (in fact, while I've eaten off eveyone else's plate, I refuse to order anything else).  

We've gone a handful of times, during the holidays a few times, on a random weekday, and on a random weekend and the experience is always the same - attentive, high class service and amazing food.  In fact, during one trip we had my mom and her friend with us - her friend's parents are from Italy, she eats real Italian, and she said it was fantastic.  

Pros: The food & service - amazing!
Cons: Parking is a pain and the valet is somewhat expensive.  The wine by the glass list is on the small side for a wine snob like me (they have a merlot, a cab - one of each, not a small selection of each variety.  They do have a number of chianti's, but I just don't like them that much!) -- neither of these "cons" would make me not go again - I can drink a plain cab and maybe I'll branch out and give chianti another try -- the food and beyond excellent service are well worth the parking situation and wine "situation"
Food was good, it was hot and we got it fast. Our service on the other hand was awful.  My son and I went for dinner and because we didn't order an appetizer or bottle of wine, our waiter became rude. He never came back to see if we wanted another glass of wine or even more water. He scoffed at us when we also declined dessert. Not sure if he didn't think he wasn't going to get a tip, but we still left him 30% even though he deserved 10. Not sure I'd return.
We went to Dante & Luigi's after reading the reviews on Yelp.  We were not let down!

The staff was very accommodating.  They even called us a cab when our meal was over.

The portions, as everyone has said, were huge.  The veal was good and I really liked the meat gravy.  My wife ordered the special.  The seafood was perfect and the marinara sauce was amazing.  For the portion sizings and overall ambiance, the price was very fair.

We would recommend this place to anyone traveling to Philly.  Just make sure to dress at least business casual.  I was the only person wearing jeans in the place.
After another thwarted attempt at getting into Ralph's for a last-minute dinner (I always forget how small that place is), my date and I strolled around the block to Dante & Luigi's.  The place wasn't too busy and we were seated right away.  The veal saltimbocca in sherry sauce was exactly what I needed (along with a glass of wine). The veal parm was bigger than my head!

The service was friendly, the seating was spacious and I enjoyed the Van Gogh replicas adorning the walls. It was unassuming, yet classy, and I'm happy to have added a new place on my list for date nights. It's easy to walk to from center city, but they do offer valet Friday & Saturday nights.
Good Food.   A few too many waiters hanging about and a little too formal for my taste.  However food was well prepared and staff were friendly.  Bring cash as there is a 3.5% surcharge on credit cards.
So, this is a well located, and well known restaurant. The ambiance is great. The service was attentive and friendly. But.... I am really tired of nightly specials that are simply overkill. I got a pasta special with lovely cheese stuffed agnolotti. That would have been great on it's own. Instead,  half pound of lump crab meat, a meal in itself, was piled on top in the sauce. It was not particularly a seafood sauce. IMHO, it was overkill. I pushed the crab to the side and ate the pasta. Took home the crab and made a salad of it for lunch the next day! For the price, this restaurant was definitely nothing special. Big portions do NOT a good restaurant make.
Don't try to bring a young child here, because they don't have highchairs or booster seats for little kids. So much for families being welcome... as long as your kids are old enough to sit in regular chairs I guess. Was pretty irritating to be turned away after braving a pretty nasty rainstorm specifically to go here on our last night in Philadelphia.
Sounds like if you're in town, you need to visit that stereotypical Italian joint where you can get some good pasta and gravy.  Plenty of signs pointed to this place so I thought I'd give it a shot.  The place was good, but maybe a little overhyped...and overpriced.  I got one of the veal dishes and a pasta and I'm willing to bet there are dozens of restaurants in the city that can turn out dishes just as good for less.  Thinking this is similar to the many tourist traps that dot Little Italy in New York...
Went for dinner on 2/1/18. We started with an appetizer of stuffed mushrooms with crab meat. This thing looked and smelled amazing! For dinner I ordered the Alfredo dish with fresh spinach and my friend ordered the liver dish with bacon and sauté onions (comes with a side of pasta). Everything was  delicious and the presentation of the plated food was phenomenal. The food was fantastic, the service was superb, the ambiance was amazing. This is a great place for a date or quiet group. The restaurant is authentic with a nice moderate/low level noise. Wonderful neighborhood gem.
An all around great place.  Awesome food, great staff.  Perfect place for a large group for a celebration or for an intimate dinner for two.  All around, one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city.
Two weeks ago, I was in town for my brother's college graduation. After the ceremony, my family and I came here for an early dinner. 

Dante & Luigi's is an old school Italian Restaurant in an unassuming building on 10th street, and we were all in heaven there... the portions were huge... the sauces were creamy... the dishes were cheesy... And we had leftovers to enjoy later!

I had rigatoni carbonara. I'm a big carbonara fan, but I've never had it with a pasta other than spaghetti. Rigatoni is my favorite type of pasta though so I was excited. It did not disappoint and was honestly just as good heated up on the stove the next night.
True Italian feel. Ralph our waiter and his bus boys were great. The Veal Katherine and Italian Sweetbreads were fresh and delicious. Their Tiramisu is beter than anything I have eaten in Ny, Chicago, DC and Italy.

Will return when next in Philly
Outstanding place. Never been to Ralph's because I can't get past this place. I ate my way through Rome - this is comparable. Thanks for retaining your quality over the years D & L.
Back in the day, growing up in the suburbs, my best friend's grandparents were from the old country.  They had a well-used wine press in the garage and made their own sausage.  Johnny's home was always filled with wonderful smells and flavors - and non-stop, conversation.  

Dining at Dante & Luigi's recaptures that authenticity and warmth in a charming dining  room.   The food, appropriately extolled in other Yelps, is simply divine.  

Jonesing for real Italian?  This is the place to go.
Food is authentic Italian and very good.  Service is very intrusive however and they seem to be listening to your conversations.  Also, don't try to order an appetizer before selecting an entree...we were told the chef doesn't like that.  Asked how everything was...we told waiter that one appetizer was cold and he did and said nothing.  Why ask then?  This place is off the list for us. Too many other good restaurants around South Philly.
