Friday night sushi was a great success thanks to this place! 

Finding a sushi spot with ample vegetarian options is not always easy - this spot definitely wasn't having that issue! 

This is a short easy walk so ordered pick up over the phone with the attendant. They're also on PostMates if you choose to order via an app. 

We ordered the asparagus, avocado, the orchid (wrapped with crepe paper with mango, fried sweet potato and avocado) and their kanpyo rolls. In addition, we added on strawberry and green tea mochi for dessert! Depending on where you look, the dessert options are not always apparent but when we inquired over the phone, the attendant was very helpful in providing us the options - so be sure to ask! 

Upon arrival, it's a step down entry and it's fairly small on the inside. In COVID times, there is no indoor dining being offered at this establishment. This was a non issue for us but just an FYI. 

The service was great! We were promised a time when we placed our order over the phone but then received a call from the restaurant earlier than expected to notify us that the rolls were ready. This was a nice surprise so we were able to pick up earlier! 

Overall the rolls were ample for the two of us and the mochi was delicious! We enjoyed the orchid rolls the most. 

Thanks for the great service and delicious noms Dasiwa! Hoping to be back soon!
Newly opened this past week, Dasiwa, sushi bar by night and cafe by day, is the brain child of Tom, owner of Tom's Trust Deli a couple of block down the street on N 26th.

Not unlike the Trust Deli, Dasiwa is a family owned and operated joint, and you can clearly see the passion and quality in the food and service.

In an area nearly completely devoid of dining options, Tom and his crew have not only delivered a restaurant, but also an exceptional sushi experience.

BYO for now, so don't forget!
I heart this place, yo. My boo and I rolled in on a random very very cold Thursday night and we were the only ones there. So I was a little suspicious because I usually associate places that are bumpin' with the goodness of the food. But lo and behold, the service and food were excellent. Definitely the feel of a family run business with like mom making the sushi, dad handing the bills and daughter serving you the food. And everyone was amiable (server was funny and sweet... wonder if she's single should i set her up with my friend?? hmm No, he's not good enough she was that cool). 
I was laughing because I felt like EVERYTHING had avocado in it and I'm sadly newly allergic to it, but obviously they let me order it without the avocado. Verdict: everything was fresh and pleasing to the tongue and eyes.
Best part about this place is that it was laid back and I could totally see myself going there with a bottle of wine (byob!!! awesome!), chompin' on some sushi and browsin the interwebs. A great find for those of us in the Art Museum.
I have no clever anecdotes or anything this time. I burnt out on reviewing stuff afternoon but am busting out of my skin with excitement about there being an excellent sushi restaurant so close that I have to write this review now while I listen to Mike play Super Mario Galaxy in the other room.

So Stephen S., the future Mrs. Stephen S., Mike, and I just had dinner here. It is humorously close to the S. household and a new addition to the neighborhood in which we both live, so I'm glad Stephen suggested it as our dining destination tonight. 

Holy shellfish the food here is good. I am going to try to recall everything we ordered - there was a lot. We started off with steamed shrimp shumai and fried veggie gyoza. Small but appetizing (therefore, effective). Between the four of us, we ordered a whole mess of rolls including simple stuff, like the spicy tuna, Philadelphia, and California rolls, all of which were delicious. The real highlights were the four special rolls:  the dragon roll, shaggy dog, spider monkey, and volcano roll. I ordered the spider monkey, which is spicy salmon with soft shell crab (my favorite!) and other tasty things. It rocked my world. I also last second ordered the rainbow roll, which is a tasty little number encased by strips of avocado, salmon, tuna, and whitefish. So good, so good. I sampled all of the others' rolls and they were all very different but incredible in their own ways. Mike's volcano roll was topped with a pile of scallops with hot sauce on them that set my lips on fire for a couple of minutes - delicious. 

For dessert, the S.'s had a bowl of green tea ice cream and a bowl of red bean ice cream that looked yummy. Mike and I split a "Caribbean Monkey". It is hard to mess up fried bananas covered in honey and mango chunks in coconut milk, but this was warm and just tasted special.

The service here is incredibly friendly and there seems to be an understanding that Dasiwa isn't a fancypants, showoffy establishment, but I will gladly sacrifice ambiance and scenery for delicious food in my mouth and eventually in my gullet. It was pretty busy tonight, which is a good thing. The service wasn't perfect and isn't quite working like a swiss timepiece just yet, but I have absolutely no complaints about what they've got going on in there. 

I heard that the menu has expanded significantly from their first few weeks of operation and the selection is somewhat substantial now, so if you've been, I'd suggest returning as soon as possible. Going here with friends is good because it's nice to share with each other and get a whole mess of stuff, but I could see going here on a date and sitting at the sushi bar and enjoying myself. I could eat the food here forever and am already itching to go back.
My new favorite place in the fairmount/art museum/brewerytown area. Great concept place you can go and get a pretty good breakfast for CHEAP and really good sushi.

Breakfast: Basically everything for breakfast is #3.50 or less: bfast burrito, omelette with hash brown, two pancakes with two eggs...Really good muffins. The coffee cake is awesome! 

Sushi: They have pretty good sushi and it is completely affordable for how good it is. They even have vegan sushi. I had one with tempura sweet potato...AWESOME. They have by far my favorite bowl of udon soup of all time! The stock is delicious.

BYOB. Free wifi. This place is awesome.

Odd music choices though.
Ever since I had found out that a family-operated sushi restaurant was planned for the space that was formerly Joe & Sylvia's I was excited yet skeptical. I have been to a few other neighborhood sushi restaurants and the food is usually mediocre and over-priced. I live right next door to Dasiwa and figured the chances were slim that it could meet my wildest expectations.

Well, last night I was finally able to visit for dinner. Some friends came over with a bottle of Sake around 7:30 and we walked over to Dasiwa. They were pretty crowded (which I was happy to see) but luckily we were seated at the last available table and didn't have to wait.

We got a bunch of appetizers which quickly came out, but the entrees which mainly consisted of about nine different rolls were a different story. Normally it really pains me when food is late but our waiter was genuinely sympathetic and apologized profusely (which is a nice change from waiters elsewhere who to tend to ignore extended waits and hope you don't notice). We were having a great time, though, and it wasn't a big deal. We could see the chefs hustling behind the counter to keep up with the Saturday night crowd. Then the food came out, along with a whole bunch of extra food on the house! Classy! It was all so delicious, too!! My expectations for a neighborhood sushi place were overwhelmingly exceeded! 

The owner and his staff are awesome! Such nice, friendly people, I wish them best of luck with Dasiwa and will be back soon! Nothing like having Thai, Japanese and Moroccan all within two blocks of the apartment!
I wrote a review for this place years ago when I actually lived in Philly, but I have since relocated to NYC and this place STILL holds a special place in my heart.  This past Saturday I was in Philly for the day and decided to grab dinner at this spot.  It was a rather rainy day so I called ahead to make reservations for 2 at 7pm.  We arrived on time and I am SOOOOOO glad I made reservations because almost every table was taken.  Dasiwa has about 10 tables give or take so calling ahead is smart move.  This is a spot that is BYOB so it easily ranked as my #1 sushi spot in Philly.  My favs still are the Volcano Roll, loaded pork gyoza, and their seaweed salad is pretty awesome.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu to be honest.  They take a lot pride in their food here and it is something that can seen and tasted as well.  Their sushi is well priced and affordable as well.  The young lady who was our server was super attentive and very kind.  

If you live in or around Fairmount I would definitely recommend dropping in to try out this awesome spot.
Sushi is one of my favorite meals & its very hard to find good, fresh sushi at a reasonable price - Dasiwa hit home with both. The location itself is cute - almost a bistro, cafe style building that you wouldn't expect for a sushi place. Because it's cafe style it is not very big, but we easily got a table for dinner on a Saturday night. 

Service was good & fast - the sushi itself was tasty & fresh. I tried the volcano, sake, & California roll & my friend tried the tuna & TNT roll. I was able to get all three rolls for around $20 & with left overs to take home! 

Dasiwa doesn't serve alcohol but is BYOB which is nice & based off the menu serves good lunch specials. Parking is street parking which could be difficult at times due to the area. Overall was happy & will be back!
5 stars for staff.  Awesome and attentive staff.

1 star for atmosphere - there is none to speak of.

2 stars for food.  This place only had the very basic of sushi fish.  ie., didn't even have ikura or roe of any type.  There wasn't much to be had off the nigiri menu at all.  What we did have - the tuna tataki, onigiri, udon - was OK but none could really qualify as Japanese food.

The tuna tataki was more like an western-styled pepper crusted seared tuna on a bed of baby greens, and the onigiri appetizer was 4 little tiny loosely pressed triangles of rice with chopped fish inside. 

The udon was $5 for a bowl of udon noodles in non-descript soy-dashi broth.  No vegetables, no nothing.  

We had ordered the yellowtail main course as well, but we saw that another customer had ordered it as well and the sushi chef had told one of the servers that they didn't have any more yellowtail.  The dish was substituted with white tuna.  Nobody said anything to us about there not being yellowtail or the intention to swap fish so we cancelled that order because we were not in the mood to have white tuna, and plus it had taken a while at this point, too.  None of the chefs had started on it so cancelling it wasn't a problem.

The staff believed we cancelled it because we had waited so long, so they brought to us a complimentary white tuna dish, which was a very nice gesture on their part, but we did end up leaving it on the table.

As nice as they were, it wasn't a dining experience I'd like to have again.
Had  dinner  here  tonight  after   seeing the OUTSIDER ART  exhibit at PMA ( pay  what you wish after 5 p.m.  on Wednesday-  the museum NOT the  restaurant).  This   place is  lovely.  A  coffee  bar with pastries   and a  sushi/Japanese  restaurant.  The Gyoza appetizer  I  had was mind blowing.   Everything  else  was  great (  sushi and Bulgogi)  but the gyoza (  their special house  gyoza) was  the BEST  I have  ever had in my life.
The  space is intimate and  tranquil. Nice  service-  friendly.  A  nice gem of a  place.
I'll start by saying that I'm thrilled to have another alternative in the area.  While this spot isn't the biggest or the trendiest, they've done a lot with what they had to work with.  The staff is top notch and cannot do enough for you.  The sushi is probably just about average.  We had two specialty rolls, one with scallop that I did not care for at all and another that was called the Shaggy Dog, which I really enjoyed and would get again.  Our third roll was a simple spicy tuna roll that was fresh, but not spicy.  I felt like there was more rice on the rolls than necessary, but the ingredients were fresh.  Overall, it isn't as good as Umai, however it is relatively close to home and I would definitely stop by again.
This place is a bit pricey if you're looking for a nice dinner with friends or a significant other. It's tiny so be sure to call ahead of time with a reservation. Also PSA, THIS PLACE IS BYOB! Might just be me, but I love when places allow that. It's on the corner, and it's got a real hipster-y Asian kind of feel to it. It's cozy, cute and quaint. 

Service is super friendly, and they're quite the conversationalists. They're happy to make recommendations if you're torn between a few menu items and they're very well versed. 

I got the miso soup but it tastes a little off...definitely not what I was expecting for miso soup so I wouldn't personally recommend. The rolls come JAM PACKED and are quite the mouthful. Fish taste pretty fresh, and it's the perfect texture and blend of sauces and ingredients. 

I ordered the Mermaid Roll and the Dasawaki Roll, both were incredibly pleasant and their two most popular rolls. I can definitely see why, it was delicious and so enjoyable. I was full by the time I finished and extremely pleased. 

The check was quite a bit more than I thought the meal was worth but I'm not dissatisfied by my meal. Might return, but I'd want to check out other places before returning.
What a nice little spot. My go to sushi is always Vic's since it's extremely proximal to my apartment, so I rarely venture out to new sushi spots. 

This place is a ten minute walk from the Art Museum and and makes some mean, mean special rolls. I tried the Aspen roll and the unagi roll - the Aspen was very unique and the mixture of flavors and ingredients made my palette explode.. and the unagi in the unagi roll was very well flavored. The other rolls I saw during my meal had A+ presentation, but sadly I cannot comment on their taste. 

Cozy ambiance and attentive service, but good luck finding parking in the area!! Will definitely be back to try more special rolls!
This is a Korean-Japanese fusion restaurant. I was a little disappointed by the sushi, because the sushi rice was not well seasoned. The sashimi clearly just came out of the freezer as well. It was so, so cold! Otherwise it wasn't bad. The service was OK. It seemed like there was only one waitress for the night, but while slightly slow, she wasn't so bad. I would not come again on my own, but I would not be too upset if everyone else wanted to go here, and I came along.
I went on a Philly sushi quest tonight, and Yelp brought me here.  

This is what I love about the Yelp app.  I never would have thought to even come to a place like this.  But looking for a really good and casual sushi place, and in the mood to find a new place, I would up here after seeing this place pop up near the top of the search list.  

So yes, it's a combo coffee shop and sushi bar.  Yes, that's an unusual combo.  Yes, the place concerned my wife at first because she wasn't sure she would be able to find enough she wanted to eat (she can be picky about these kind of places).  But she gave in after reading more of the menu once we got there.  

The appetizers of the Pork Gyoza and Shrimp Shumai soon convinced us that we made a good choice.  The portions are a little small but somewhat reasonably priced.  She also ordered a noodle bowl called Bibim Naeng-Myun with chicken which got no complaints.  

But we came here for the sushi, and that's what we are judging it on ultimately.  And I will say that they know what they are doing.  My wife is more of a basic sushi fan, Philly roll and Shrimp Tempura roll for her, and she was raving about them.  I like more creative rolls, so I started with the Mermaid roll topped with very pretty and colorful tobiko that was fantastic.  Then they served me my Volcano roll which might have been my favorite.  That's just a fun roll to eat.  The last roll was the Dasiwaki.  First time I ever had sushi that involved mango.  In all, just a wonderful sushi experience.

Topped it off with some dessert featuring the Green Tea Mochi which was a little small for my tastes, but ok.  What won me over was the coffee cake.  Heard so much about it here.  It's worth it for sure.  It seems to be half sugar and half cake, but I didn't seem to mind.  

Now, the service... you know, I really don't want to bash them for this.  Truth is, yes it can be slow.  If the place is full, which means 20 people tops in the place, they get a little scatterbrained, and the sushi chefs get backed up.  We even had an incorrect dish brought to us which they corrected and apologized for.  But, everyone there was so nice and so funny that you get over it.  It may not be a 5 star service level, but this place doesn't seem to be built for that.  They mean well and that goes a long way with me.  

Sushi quality alone is a 5 star experience though.  In the end that's what matters.  

Total bill for everything we got was $88.  5 rolls, 2 appetizers, two desserts.  But I ordered three specialty rolls which was responsible for half of that.  The basic rolls were cheaper for sure.  

I left there wanting this place to succeed.  It's probably the first real and totally unpretentious sushi place I've ever seen.  It may even be worth a drive in from Delco on occasion.
We were very excited to try this new cafe/sushi spot as it's right on our block. It's an intriguing concept - coffee/pastries in the AM, sushi from lunch time on. 

If you've ever been to the old Sylvia & Joe's, you'd remember the dark, cramped, basement like interior. The new owners have completely transformed the space. A big counter, which triples as sushi prep, dining, and cashier's space. Tons of little tables, bright yellow walls, lots of lighting. 

We went early for dinner on a Friday, since we knew it might get really busy. You can tell the staff is new, but really eager. They all seemed a little unsure of themselves, but were friendly and polite. We ordered miso soup to start (a sweet cup for $2), then split the Rainbow Roll, Dasimaki Deluxe, and a Spicy Tuna Roll. We did wait a bit between servings (the Dasimaki took the longest). 

Sushi is very fresh, and extremely well priced. Completely beats Umai Umai in that department. However, my husband did find a bone in his roll, which was a bit of a bummer. 

I will chalk most of the issues up to this being a new spot and still working out some kinks. They definitely fill a niche in the neighborhood (reasonably priced sushi + coffee spot), and it will be great to see what they can do with the place going forward.
Dasiwa is an adorable sushi place. It's a great place to eat at if you're visiting the Art Museum, only a 7ish minute walk. 

I love their variety of vegan/vegetarian rolls. I've enjoyed the orchid roll: sweet potato tempura, mango and avocado (which apparently isn't vegan bc of the batter on the sweet potato, I looked past this because the batter makes of 2% of the roll and is fried a super hot oil.) Their rolls are very creative and equally delicious! Great place for dinner.
Every time within the past year I've called dasiwa, they've been booked each time. And every time they said they were booked, made me want to go even more!! 

Tonight we took the opportunity of a quiet Monday evening to go around 7:30. There was one other customer there when we arrived. And maybe 10 tables total. No frills here just some assorted Asian decor and an Asian sushi man singing his own tune. 

Came here strictly for sushi..

Ended up getting pork gyoza and edamame. There were 6 dumplings and not the largest portion of edamame I've seen but don't get me wrong, our 4 rolls of sushi and these appetizers filled us up perfectly. 
The rolls we ordered were : 
-crunchy Philadelphia ($9) (Try not to judge, my bf loves cream cheese so we always have to have philadelphia roll) 
-California (another staple of his) ($5)
-shrimp tempura ($7)
-aspen ($11-13)
Prices are to the best of my memory.

Dumplings were perfect (because they're fried dumplings, how can they not be?!!!) The sauce for those were different from what I've tried before (not spicy, good though.)
Edamame, no explanation needed.
Sushi was great though. Everything seemed fresh. Though the shrimp tempura roll could have had some more crunch because who gets that roll for the shrimp?? The crunchier the better! The only other one I can judge is the aspen because the others are very basic, well the aspen was tastyyy. Had lots of fresh fish on top. Yum. 

We ordered another roll, dasiwaka, for a friend to-go. Our total was $59; I think was a decent price for our meal. 

Service: great! No complaints. 
Dasiwa is very laid back and no frills like I said. But call ahead of time because seats fill quickly. After you call, make sure to hit up the wine and spirits on 20th and fairmount for some liquid courage if it's a first date of yours or have to tell someone off over sushi.
Great sushi right in the neighborhood! We decided to stop in for a quick bite. They have several rolls, combos, and several appetizers. I also noticed they have relatively cheap lunch specials, around $11! it's also BYO, which i really like. We started with the loaded postickers, they were pork and covered in spicy tuna and spicy mayo. GREAT appetizer. I also got an order of steamed shu mai, which were great. For my roll, I just wnt with the classic Philly roll, which was done perfect with large chunks of smoked salmon and the right amount of cream cheese. I forget what roll my wife had, it was a baked roll. Both very good. The service was perfect (although we WERE the only ones in there haha) and the prices were great. I think all total, we were around $40, which you can't beat. Solid sushi, good service and great prices.
I really enjoyed my time here. I was planning to take a visiting Yelp Elite friend to a different sushi spot in the neighborhood but failed to think ahead for a reservation. It turns out we were just as happy with our experience at Dasiwa. Off the bat we were greeted with friendly smiles and the server was quick to meet our needs. The whole meal was fresh and well timed. I can honestly say I enjoyed each bite. My buddy even convinced me to try raw octopus for the first time. All things were presented in a charmingly simple way.

In summary I will be back and I'm so glad to have a neighborhood BYO sushi spot!
I went there Saturday for sushi. Great neighborhood spot. The owner was super hospitable and a great host. The sushi was fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced. We requested the sushi chef's spicy sauce which was awesome. Can't wait to go back to try breakfast. BYOB is also a nice addition.
Favorite sushi restaurant in the city. BYOB, slightly divey and very cozy, sweet and attentive waitresses and the BEST sushi for the best value. I love this place mostly because it lacks all the pretension/gimmicky swank of sushi restaurants without compromising the sushi quality at all.

It's got a bit of a Korean twist, so they have some other great stuff on the menu as well. My favorite dish is the Hwe Dup Bop, which is very similar to chirashi (chopped pieces of raw salmon and tuna over rice, with salad and avocado garnish), and it's only $12. There's nowhere else you could possibly get a dish like that for $12. Get over here, for real.
This just might be my new favorite sushi joint in the city! I wish it was a little closer to me. 

My friends and I stumbled across this place in the middle of the neighborhood following our afternoon in Oval Park. Thanks to its (appropriately) high ratings on Yelp, we decided to stop in.

We split a few of their rolls, and an edamame appetizer, family-style. So unbelievably good. I'm a sushi fanatic and all of the flavor combinations were truly unique and delicious! 

The waitress was such a sweet pea. We were the only party in the restaurant for the majority of our meal and she was truly courteous and attentive.

I honestly can't wait to return. There were so many items on the menu that I wish I had room in my stomach to try! What a gem.
Sometimes a little hole-in-the-wall can make some surprisingly decent food. Dasiwa is a little neighborhood coffee shop and sushi joint. Coffee, cakes, and biscotti are still sold on the premises, but the sit-down menu is mostly sushi. I ordered three nigiri items: ika (squid), albacore tuna, and hotate (scallop). These were good, but completely unseasoned, perhaps catering to the tastes of its neighborhood clientele. Strangely, the spicy sauce accompanying our Shrimp Shumai and Sashimi Salad proved otherwise. The shumai tasted like every other shumai, but with the addition of sesame seeds and a nice sweet and spicy sauce. The salad had some nicely seasoned shards of fish in it. The Naeng Myun (buckwheat noodles served in a chilled tangy broth made from beef, pickled radish, and chinese cabbage and topped with kimchi, assorted vegetables, spring mix, beef, and half of a hard boiled egg) was a total miss. I hated it. The noodles were good, but where's the beef?! We didn't find any. The chunks of flavored ice sitting on top of the noodles was especially unnerving. The best item on the menu was the Dasiwaki, a shrimp tempura, avocado, and mango maki roll topped with salmon, avocado, unagi sauce, and spicy mayo. The combination of sweet, spicy, chewy, and crunchy was truly fantastic, an example of how simple ingredients can taste great together. The Spider Monkey, a tempura fried soft shell crab and asparagus roll topped with spicy salmon, tobiko, and scallions wasn't as good. I didn't like the fried batter on the soft shell crab. The crumb coffee cake was 60% crumb, just the way I like, and it wasn't overly sweet, making it a good dunker in milk or coffee. Our server was very nice and attentive and my friend Chris W and I liked the quaint atmosphere of this BYOB.
Stumbled on this place while looking for lunch after a studying session around the Fairmount area. This is a good sushi place. It's BYOB, they have affordable and good lunch specials. The chef and staff were pleasant to us and I would definitely go back to try other rolls.
I liked this place! I decided to stroll the 'hood today until I found something that was worth checking out. There aren't many options. Dasiwa is now on my list of places to walk to in the neighborhood when I don't feel like cooking (that's what happened today). The employee was very nice and attentive but not way too much.  

I had the wildfire sushi and it was delicious! The miso soup was also delish but that's a no-brainer. I'm glad I tried the place out. Will definitely be back for some more sushi.
I came here with a party of 9 this last Saturday night. We had a reservation, but without a lot of notice, so I am happily amazed that it worked out. It's in my neighborhood, so I have walked by a lot of times, and can see how parking could be a pain if you're not close. Fortunately I could come on foot, and grab some sake on the way because its a BYO! Yay!

Honestly, Dasiwa is everything I want in a restaurant. I like places that are unassuming, a little divey, but deliver on the food. This place was all of that, and I am not easy to please when it comes to sushi. We got multiple rolls and I also split a Chirasi bowl (rice with sashimi on top). The fish was so fresh and delicious and the service was friendly and attentive. The Chirasi came with miso soup as well, which was great. All in all, it was a perfect meal and was priced extremely well. This is going to be my new go-to spot in the neighborhood! I'm only bummed that I didn't come sooner.
No clue how they have such high ratings on Yelp, I was beyond disappointed after eating dinner here. To start they had one waitress working behind the counter so she barely had time to get to all her tables (which weren't many). The biggest downfall is their food. 

We started with both the shrimp and wasabi shumai, spoiler alert the shrimp shumai was best thing I had all night. The wasabi shumai had zero spicy flavor, it should be called pork shumai. The sashimi platter for two could have been for one person. It was small and not the best quality, although I will say the best piece of fish we had was the tuna. They also had no lemons which I like for my sashimi. We also ordered a specialty roll which turned out so small, again for one person. 

Overall I won't be returning. The prices, food and service are all disappointing. The best thing about it was that it's BYOB.
Just had dinner here tonight with my gurlfrand who took me out for my birthday! Definitely looked up this cute place on Yelp and then decided to go cuz of the great reviews, and boy am I glad we picked this place! This place definitely has a family-run type of feel - it's very quaint and sweet. BYOB = awesome; brought myself a nice cheap bottle of wine! The prices are reasonable, I would say average - or even better than average - for Philly sushi. Between the 2 of us girls, we ordered shumai, some special seaweed salad (I don't remember what it was called), a volcano roll, an alaskan roll, a dashiwa roll, and salmon sashimi, and we were more than satisfied. THEN the server brings out this special little dish (again, don't remember what it was) that was DELICIOUS and said the chef/sushi master was testing out some new things and just let us try it!! omgosh so good. 
So best part: the owner comes out and offers us 2 shots of free sake. LOL THANKS!! ugh but I had to decline because I had all this work to do when I got back home (which is what I'm clearly doing right now). So he did offer it to all of the other patrons in the restaurant!! There was only another table of 3 and another table of 2 at the restaurant though, so everyone was laughing out loud and talking together. Amazing. Because I couldn't take the sake, they did bring out 2 cups of delicious home brewed americano coffees on the house!
I got a very warm "Happy birthday!" from everyone at the restaurant as we left, including the owner&employees :)
Wow - so generous and sweet! Delicious, good sizes, good prices, and such a comfortable atmosphere. I will be back...very soon!!!!
I had a nice dinner here with my brother the other night. Our server was incredibly nice and helpful, the food came quickly (but not overly so), and everything was really good.

I can't really compare it to other places in the area, because I don't know that I've actually...been.. to other places just yet. I probably shouldn't have admitted that on here. I feel like I'll look back on this review in a couple years and give myself the blink and stare -- kind of like when I see old reviews that say "I don't like beer" or "burgers are gross."

But, anyway. Good food here, even though my palette isn't used to it.

I had the $14 Tonkatsu. It was deep-fried panko breaded pork. Served with miso soup, white rice and cole slaw. This was a heaping portion and I couldn't finish it! I passed along the white rice and soup to my brother, who loved both and got a second helping of the soup.

My brother ordered the $12 TNT roll from the "Special Roll" section. It had tuna, salmon, white fish, avocado, and crab sticks in it. He said he really liked it.

Maybe one day I'll be daring enough to try sushi for the first time (another thing I probably should not be freely admitting on a public website), but for now, I'm glad to know about the pork dish here, and I'll have to stop back some time when they have the famed coffee cake!
I went here tonight for a date with my girlfriend on her bday.  We ordered kani salad, dragon roll, rainbow roll, udon.

Kani salad had some sashimi mixed in and also had this spicy kick to it that made it so amazing.  $5 definitely should get it.
Dragon roll was expensive, but when I saw how big it was and the amount of unagi put in (I know that unagi is expensive) I could definitely see it was nowhere near a ripoff (btw you get more than 6 pieces).  When I tasted it, it was simply the best dragon roll i had (there was I think spicy tuna mixed in which definitely complimented it well).
Rainbow roll all hinges on how fresh the fish is and I wasnt let down.
Finally, the udon.  Im not a fan of udon, my gf ordered it.  It definitely was above average and was cheap considering we got tempura as a side.  My gf thought it was the best udon she ever had.

Last things ill say is pretty much what everyone else says.  Owner - very nice guy.  BYOB - table next to us comes in with 6 pack and owner comes and kindly opens it for them.  parking - is a b**** but there are so many spots, just spend 10 minutes and youll find a one (maybe)  :)

Oh I should also mention the ambience.  hole in the wall - type - vibe but very cozy.
Okay food at an okay price. 

Came here for the second time yesterday with my mom. We ordered the tempura udon, and the sashimi appetizer with a side of rice (so that it would be a bit more filling). My mom didn't love the broth for the udon, which was pretty weak, but the tempura was good: crispy without being too oily, and a good mix of veggies. The sashimi was decently fresh and cut in large slices, which was great. 

I'd definitely come back if I really wanted sushi/sashimi and didn't want to travel far for it, but it's not someplace that I'm dying to return to.
Hwe dup bap is my go to meal here.  Perfect amount of heat and the fish is always fresh.  We usually only get takeout from here but the few times we've dined in the service was excellent!   It seems like they take a lot of pride in their food and service.
This is a gem in the rough!!! Our host and server, Genie made us feel welcome and she was pretty incredible! 
Must haves here?
Try the Wallflower, Spider Monkey, Philly Dragon, Bulgogi and more!!!
Japanese food is something that will always be close to my heart. I lived in Tokyo, Japan for 9 years of my life. I am not a snob, by any means when it comes to sushi but I am open minded to however creatively they can be made.

My boyfriend and I went here on Valentine's Day. We made a reservation, and were seated at the sushi bar (which in my opinion is the most fun). We brought our own bottle of wine since we read that it was BYOB. I spoke to the owner, Tom who was busy making sushi, but was so funny and kind enough to talk to us. 
The waitress Sam, was his daughter, and she was so sweet and did a great job with making sure that everything came in a timely fashion and made sure we weren't confused with anything on the menu. The atmosphere is cozy, it's small and quite nice. 

I ordered the Da Si Wa roll which was probably all ingredients to a sushi roll that are my favorite rolled into one. I can tell you, it was heaven! My boyfriend ordered 3 types of rolls, the Emerald City, Avocado roll, and Shrimp Tempura. He was impressed. 

Because it was Valentine's Day they were serving free orders of Sake for the evening. They asked us if we wanted some and we accepted. It was amazing with the sushi. 

This place is a small family owned place and they do such a nice job of running it. They're people-oriented and they care about their customers, I could tell. 

We live in Queen Village so coming here on a motorcycle took about 30 minutes with Center City traffic, so it's not exactly down the street from us but we agreed we will definitely be back again and hopefully more than once more.
Like the place. Quiet small and byob. Near the art museum, not bad at all. Would recommend.
I came here with mah Philly Yelp homegurl, Kelly P.

...it was an appropriate resto for us to hit.  They have Italian sweets (e.g., biscotti) AND Japanese entrees (e.g., sushi/sashimi/rolls)....Its true, Italian + Asian combos rule.  seewhatididthere

Its BYOB, the octopus, eel and wildfire roll was deelish, there's a chill and friendly waiter...I was def happy about eating here.
Don't agree with all of the 4 and 5 star ratings. The sushi is mediocre, the decor is old and out dated. I gave 3 stars only because the service was fast and friendly and the Miso soup was one the best I have had.
We walked here from the art museum. It's a nice walk. The service was quick & friendly. The food was fantastic! We had the Shaggy Dog roll. I absolutely recommend it! We also had the Udon noodle lunch special. It was very yummy! 
I'm not a big seaweed fan but still enjoyed. I recommend going for lunch. If we're ever back in Philly, definitely going to come back!!
This is a fantastic addition to the neighborhood!

Friendly, family owned, byob with ikea decor---in short its a hole in the wall. I knew that going into it and wasn't expecting morimotos.  The food was reasonable, very good and improving daily. Once they work out their new restaurant jitters I'm sure this will become a Fairmount staple. For a quick take out meal and to support a local business-this is a great alternative to Wholefoods. As for dining in, the place is tiny but that adds to its charm. I highly recommend the sushi bomb!

I plan on becoming a regular.

*update*
my friends and I went back tonight and it was even better than last week. The fahrenheit 451 (or something along those lines) special tuna roll was amazing! So good we ended up ordering another. We also ordered the 'picasso' & 'cajun'  and completed our meal with red bean ice cream and green tea mochi.

As for the cafe- my friend goes here daily and has nothing but good things to say. We will definitely be back very soon!  

Whether its for a sushi dinner with friends or a quick cup of coffee/tea in the morning this place is definitely worth trying!
GREAT Neighborhood Spot. 

Morning: Coffee, Latte, Bagels, Munchies.. CHILL location.. quick service

SUSHI: Yes, they offer it.. and it is VERY GOOD. We were skeptical considering the size of this joint..and their breakfast persona.. but the SUSHI is on par.  Close, Good, Get in here and TRY IT. BYOB for a nice relaxed dinner!
My husband and I came here on a chilly evening and it was a perfect place for dinner! Restaurant is warm and cozy, has limited seating so definitely not for a big group. Service was fast, sushi was fresh and delicious. Definitely a neighborhood gem! Would highly recommend.
I have been in fairmount for over 5 years and when this place opened up, Sakura was our sushi spot. The concept of a coffee place + sushi bar actually kept us away at first but I am so glad we tried dashiwa and are officially converted.

The menu is creative and well executed. When ordering takeout, my fiance and i usually get one of the bigger fancy rolls and three smaller rolls and it is enough. If we are extra hungry, edamame too.  

Yesterday was my first dine in experience and it's even better than takeout. The menu was bigger than the takeout menu, and the presentation was beautiful -wish I would have snapped a photo before diving in. The sauce design on the plate looked like it was actually part of the plate itself! The miso soup was $2 and delicious, and it went a long way to help cure my friend's hangover.

Overall I consider this place a neighborhood gem and after yesterday will be dining in more often.
Came around 7:30pm (with reservations for 3) for a friend's birthday celebration dinner. There was only 1 waitress for all the tables so she looked swamped but still very friendly and nice. The sushi rolls were yummy and fresh - and the BYOB makes it really awesome!

Took off 1 star because I still think Vic is better priced - but this place is more of a restaurant rather than a sushi bar and thus more fitting for birthday dinners and such.

Would come back again!
So, I'm pretty sure in the next month they are going to get a 5th star from me, only reason I'm holding back is that the sushi menu is limited at this point.  

I don't feel like writing a long and witty review so here are 
my highlights:

Pros:

-Udon soup is ridiculous and for $4 they give you a huge bowl of delish noodles!

-seaweed salad was also great, I'm not sure if it comes in a can or what, but whether they make it or open it, it's worth ordering

-quick...  I know some people commented that the service was slow but from order to service was about 10 minutes for soup and seaweed salad and another 15 minutes for the sushi (timed perfectly)

-humble staff...  listen they know they are new, they have some kinks to work out, but they are honest about it...  Saw them mess up an order and the sushi chef made them free Spicy Tuna Cones "to eat while they wait for the order to be corrected (great move!!)."

cons:

-limited menu at this point... hoping that will change soon!!

Overall, great neighborhood sushi place, welcome to the Fairmount!!!!!  Sorry Umai Umai but you're out as far as I'm concerned.  If I'm craving specialty rolls that much I'll drive to Blue Fin in Conshy...
Came here on a random Tuesday night with the man-lover and decided to get some quick dinner. First we got excited cause it was a BYO so plans to get drunk: check. Now onto plans to eat heartily for cheap.

Ordered a round of udon tempura, which was a luke warm bowl of soup with chewy, wheat flour noodles, and a hearty side of tempura. Absolutely LOVED the texture of the noodles. They were really thick cut (about the thickness of a small pen) and filled you up perfectly. Went great with the tempura because the greasiness (but not overwhelimgly greasy) of the batter and warm, comfort food of the soup was such a good match on a cold night. 

We also ordered a rainbow roll and a maguro roll. Both were pretty fresh and tasty. If you've had a rainbow roll and liked it, you don't need me to go into too much detail. Fresh ingrediants and well prepared sushi doesn't need much other explanation.

Service was excellent (especially because it was one server and one sushi chef running place) and I found that I was always attended to and the waitress always anticipated my needs. Absolutely will come here again as it's close to my house, affordable (we paid $30 for the whole meal) and absolutely delicious!!
This is my go-to sushi restaurant, I would highly recommend. First, it would be considered a "hole in the wall" when it comes to interior. It's smaller, and furnished with Ikea furniture. But do not let that deter you. The rolls are EXCELLENT. Everything is very fresh, and the presentation of the food is beautiful. 

It's also BYOB, which is nice when you want to save some money. The food is priced competitively for the serving sizes you receive. I also have to admit the staff is just wonderful - so friendly, inviting, and helpful. They are always quick to help, refill waters, etc. 

I know the city has many sushi restaurants to choose from, but for anyone in the Fairmount neighborhood, do yourself a favor and go to Dasiwa!
That coffee cake is like something out of a nightmare. A nightmare where I'm drowning in coffee cake crumb. It has surrounded me and it is suffocating me. It is delicious but I still can't breathe. I struggle to take air into my lungs but there is only coffee crumb. My body seizes and I enter the void.

Seriously, the crumb on this coffeecake is thick. I know the crumb is usually like an afterthought in a coffeecake but here it is a serious business layer.

Oh yeah, also the place is cute as hell and the sushi is good.
Because there was a huge party dining at the same time as us, the restaurant offered us a free roll, the Emerald city roll. It had eel, avocado and unagi sauce. The other roll we had was the firecracker roll, spicy yellowtail roll topped with spicy tuna.

Joe was craving some salmon sashimi so we got one order.

The 2 specialty rolls we got were volcano roll and dasiwaki roll. The volcano roll had soft shell crab tempura, topped with salmon and roe. The dasiwaki roll had shrimp tempura topped with salmon, mango, avocado and unagi sauce.
Went here on a Saturday night. Parking took a while. Don't bank on getting a free spot (but luckily I did!) They accommodated the large party of 9. It was a quiet small spot. It wasn't busy at all. Service was excellent. They sushi was great! Fresh of cours. Fast service. BYOB too! They a wide varieties of teas. We had green tea mochi for desert. I would definitely go here again!
An excellent BYOB place in the Fairmount section of Philadelphia.  I had pork tonkatsu that was out of this world.  The ability to bring your own beer or wine keeps the price down. A bit lacking in ambiance but made up for it with the quality of the food.
I LOVE Dasiwa. I frequent this place because of my insatiable love of sushi, and the prices allow for it. It's a quaint cafe during the day, quiet and run by one or two employees. Grab a cup of La Colombe and a Dragon Roll. For dinner, the coziness continues as it gets a little busier with couples and bottles of wine- it's BYO! The Kani Seafood salad is amazing, and if you're into spicy tuna the Happy roll is the way to go.

The family who owns and runs the restaurant are sweet and provide great service. They're always so thankful you're there. I tell as many people as I can about Dasiwa, because of their somewhat hidden location. You can't find amazing sushi and apps for their prices.
Went to lunch here with a coworker based on a suggestion from two other coworkers and had sushi. The service was awesome. Nothing fancy, just a friendly, warm setting with yummy sushi. 

I ordered a California roll ($5) and a Shrimp Tempora roll ($7) and asked that they be cut small. They were cut small and were perfect! Very fresh and tasty. The sweet and spicy sauce served with it was so good! Never had it before but now I will always ask for it anytime I get sushi! Sushi came out quickly and was very appetizing. 

All the guests that came in while we were eating knew Tom (I think he might be the owner?) and it felt like one of those smaller momma pop places where the owner knows his customers and they loyally come back to support the business and for the food. We agreed we would DEF be back! LOVEDDDDD!
Had my birthday dinner at this small, BYOB family owned restaurant that I randomly found on Yelp and saw great reviews and very reasonable prices! The family is so nice, the food and service is excellent and they were so accomodating and fun!  We took up the whole restaurant (as its' pretty small) and had such a wonderful time.  Great food, prices, everything! Can't wait to go back for dinner soon!
AWEFUL place for take out. The waitress here is SO RUDE. I made order via phone for dragon roll and gyoza. She said you could pick up after 25mints. So I did. But when I got into the restaurant, the order was not ready. They hadn't made it. The waitress told me: "table first." - so does that mean even you make a phone call earlier, if there is a table in the restaurant, your order become less priority. But there was only ONE table with 4 people at that time. There were TWO chief working. I don't know how come a single roll can't be made within almost half an hour. Since the order hadn't been made, I asked the waitress if I could cancel the order. She said:"No you can't cancel. I told you 25 mints but it took longer, you can talk with the chief." Then I talked with the chief, he said:"5 mints." then made me wait. - after 3 mints, they made my roll, the waitress exchanged eyes with the chief and gave me a side-eye. So I politely told her:"I'm not giving you a hard time, but if you think the order will take longer, you can tell me 45 mints. So I don't have to drive here and wait." She didn't apologizes, or being nice, but kept telling me it was not her responsibility. Oh by the way, they forgot my gyoza order. The dragon roll charges for $17.28. I will never come back again.
I came here based upon a friend's recommendation.  She told me the place is tiny but a beautiful surprise. My only gripe about this place is the limited street parking. Otherwise, the sushi here is super super amazing. Our table ordered the edamame and Not-cho to start. Edamame was big and perfectly salted, and the Not-cho was a great mix of crunch and freshness. For my entree, I ordered the Spider Monkey Roll, probably the best sushi roll I've had in Philly. Everything was very fresh. Can't wait to go back here. Nom nom nom.
Great sushi, chill coffee house atmostphere, really awesome prices for the caliber sushi that you get. Sad to hear that they might not be open again for a while...

As soon as they do though I am for sure going back...
This place is a gem!! Great food and quaint atmosphere! Don't forget it is BYOB as well! The service is always wonderful. We love trying the different rolls and getting a side of miso soup or the salad!
Wonderful wonderful food; great addition to the neighborhood, though we were sorry to see 'The Red Store' go. So, first: the dashi [broth] in the soups is really excellent! Really. Second, staff are really nice and service is not only excellent, but food comes fast. Third, cozy. Also, it is a great combo of a coffee place in the AM [La Colombe!] and from 12pm, a sushi place [and more, not just sushi]. The 'specialty' rolls we got were all [3] away above expectations, as these things are often over-done or flabby. The Dragon, Picasso & Spider Monkey rolls were all great. Masterful ratio of rice to other stuff; great tobiko nigiri sushi too. High honors.
I loved this place!! It is in such a cozy and cute location. The service was amazing and the owner was so kind to my friends and me. The TNT, Happy, Dashiwaki rolls were so good.
I chose this place because of the pretty great reviews on Yelp! However,disappointed is an understatement. The sushi was HORRIBLE! I've had better sushi from the grocery store. To start off, it was dinner time and we were the only two people eating in the little place, then the cups smelled like fish (second red flag) and then the sushi...which tasted soapy and old. As the sushi chef was packing our food he started out using chopsticks and then just used his hands which was disgusting but really didn't matter considering we threw the food away as soon as we walked out. Total waste of money! With that being said, the waiter was friendly and fairly quick (probably because we were the only people there) but if you want sushi that taste even decent then I highly suggest going somewhere else. It baffles me that this place has reviews above 1 star.
My boyfriend and I went yesterday and decided that it is our new favorite sushi place in Philadelphia, HANDS DOWN! Lucky for us, because the restaurant is right down the street from us. 

Service was friendly,helpful,and fast. The woman was very kind to us and told us to take our time and that there was no rush. (I hate it when restaurants rush their customers!) 

Be sure to try the volcano roll, tempura shrimp, and maguro rolls!
Best suchi every. Fresh fish and the ambiance is totally unpretentious. It's one of my favorite spots in Philadelphia.
Fish was fresh
Owner/waiter/sushi chef was knowledgable/friendly
Quality green tea

Can't wait to go back, good quality stuff here
My dad and I tried to go to Isabel for lunch but it was closed. So, we headed around the corner to this BYOB with our bottles of wine in tow. What a delicious meal! We ordered the loaded pork gyoza ($8) that had spicy tuna on top. OMG, what a surprise and so good! I had the volcano roll ($11) that was equally as good. Pair that with your own bottle, and you have a very enjoyable meal. Service very attentive too.
I live nearby and get take out once or twice a month for sushi. Individual rolls are a bit pricey but the quality makes the price worth it. My wife doesn't eat seafood so she goes for their veggie options and loves it. 

They are quick to prepare food and their sushi is prepared well consistently. 

They are not wheelchair accessible (as listed). They have several steps and a portable ramp most likely won't work. I just say this as a wheelchair user who always wants to know my options.
When you want fresh ingredients, served in creative and surprising manner without being concerned with ambiance, prestige or showmanship, this is the spot to go for sushi. Even if you go out of your comfort zone, which I strongly suggest here, and try a roll or sashimi that you wouldn't normally go for you will not be sorry. Because the freshness and quality of the ingredients is so noticeable. The Aspen roll is my husband's absolute favorite; super fresh salmon with a delicious savory, light dressing. As a vegetarian, I cannot get enough of the Orchid (sweet potato tempura roll). It is better than any place I have tried and a perfect, light accompaniment to other heavier rolls and sashimi. 

The ambience is not bad at all but it is very humble and unpretentious. A tiny and clean dining room in a very residential neighborhood, Fairmount; parking can be a nightmare so I suggest Uber, bike or public transportation. Because the food is so good and the atmosphere so laid back, it actually is a good date spot for those who seek "the simple life".
I got take out from here, so I did not dine in, but stopping by was a little odd. I gave it only four stars because the location is a little bit difficult to access, it's on a corner, and sort of steps down into the restaurant. The parking is very limited as it's a residential area.

BUT THE FOOD. I got home and dug into my food, it was incredible. Fresh, delicious, what I order with crunch was crunchy, what I ordered spicy was actually spicy.I let my roommates share some, and they are food snobs, and were also impressed with the fare. The menu online is well done, and makes it inviting, as much as any menu can aid that. I am a pretty bland sushi eater, normally spicy tuna rolls, shrimp tempura rolls, but I also got wantons this time, and they were awesome. I even tried Unagi and it was awesome. 

I highly recommend the food here, it's probably best to walk if you are from the neighborhood though!
Go with the sashimi salad. You won't be disappointed. The hotate roll is a favorite. With that being said, the specialty rolls are underwhelming and on the smaller side for their hefty price tag. I had to take a star off for rodents listed on their clean plate health inspection report.
The sushi was awesome and our server Gennie was sweet.  My friend and I ordered a dragon roll and spicy salmon roll.  We just wanted something quick and light.  This definitely hit the spot.  We found this on Yelp and glad we did a little drive-by to experience this delicious sushi.

A family dined next to us with two children and were no bother.  This slice of heaven offers coffee concoctions and also is BYOB. Don't hesitate to give Brie place a try if you want some good food.
My boyfriend and I visited on a Tuesday, and fell in LOVE! Really awesome sushi! Definitely a family oriented place, really small, but super friendly. Will definitely be back for more!
Dasiwa is my go-to place to eat in the Fairmount area.  It's sushi is delicious and fresh, and some of their more complicated rolls, such as volcano, firecracker, or orchid are real treats. The sushi isn't cheap, but the prices are pretty fair when compared with sushi anywhere else.  

The real treat at Dasiwa is, however, their udon bowls, which are the best I've had in the city.  They're also a good alternative price-wise, as their udon is very filling.  

Best of all, they're a great coffee shop too!  I haven't ever had a coffee cake as tasty as the one from Dasiwa.  Their coffee is excellent, and they've got a bunch of Italian sodas if you are into a more fun option. 

Honestly, you can't go wrong at Dasiwa.  It's a really great place to eat.
I love this place. The sushi is soooo good and the prices are fair. BYOB and quiet. Perfect for a date night.
I can't even with how nice and accommodating they are here!  The food is fresh the service is so great and the staff is very nice. 

I lead a running team that goes to a new restaurant every Monday, so we show up as a huge party (12) in a small place! The staff went out of their way to provide amazing vegan options for all the runners they ev en split the bill up per person.
This is definitely a great place to get sushi in the city! We found this place on Yelp, have never heard of it before, but were very pleased with the results. The food that we ordered was great, and fairly priced. We called close to closing time, and the customer service was still excellent. We only had to wait five minutes for our food. We ordered udon noodles and two different types of rolls which was all supposed to come with miso soup. They forgot it and called us immediately after we left the restaurant to pick up our order. We told them we were close by and they were more than willing to drop it off to us, but we insisted on coming back. We did not mind because they were so nice. My boyfriend did all of the interaction with the workers, but based on what he told me, we received nothing but exceptional customer service tonight. We will definitely be returning - especially now that we know it is a cute little cafe with BYOB!
So glad this cafe opened in the neighborhood, and I'll be a frequent customer to help keep it open.

Although I have yet to go to the 'cafe' version, the sushi is a hit. We had the "Hell's Sake," off the beaten path with spicy salmon and jalapenos, the "White Tiger," eel and spicy tuna topped with seared squid, and then the "Sushi Bomb," a multitude of things deep fried until crispy. 

Overall, although the setting is replete with IKEA furniture and fixtures, it's comfy and welcoming. The staff was great - helpful and attentive, letting us change our order after placing it because we found one of the specials too tempting. 

As it stays open longer, I hope the menu becomes a little more adventurous and the prices remain reasonable. Next time will be soon, and I'll be BYO'ing too. Great addition to a Fairmont that has gotten a bit too snooty for my tastes.
been here twice for the diner food, not the japanese food: the food was cold and took a very long time to come out both times. neither time was the restaurant busy. 
the food is not bad, just diner food, and quite inexpensive. i'll give this place a third chance b/c it's convenient and inexpensive, but if it takes another 20 minutes to serve some cold eggs and waffles, i'll just make some of my own (hot) in 3 minutes at home.
oh, and good atmosphere, mediocre inexpensive coffee.
Went again the other night and the food was great but the atmosphere was bad. Everyone was running around like crazy and it was very loud. It is very bright inside for a restaurant at dinner time...just a very chaotic meal when we were trying to relax. I liked that there is outdoor seating now and the new napkins and tablecloths add something. Food is still crazy delicious!! Great chefs!
I LOVE DASIWA! The sushi here is delicious and very reasonably priced! My husband and I love their specialty rolls and shumai. I've had a couple large group dinners here with friends (it's a byob) and the staff has always been wonderful and very accommodating. They also do take-out and I'm amazed how quickly the food is ready for pickup. 

During the morning/day, this is the only place in Fairmount where I can find an great cup of La Colombe coffee. They have free wifi and great breakfast sandwiches.
I LOVE THIS PLACE- went two nights in a row. one: it's cheap. two: it's fantastic quality.  a true gem. if you like sushi and are on a budget, there is no better place. everything tasted fresh and delicious. i haven't had any of their baked goods or coffee although i'm sure it's good too. my gf did try one of the iced green teas and it was superb. my faves so far: appz: pork gyoza (great texture and dipping sauce) the shrimp shumai. rolls: sunburn roll (i normall dont even really like tuna sushi, but this tuna melts in your mouth.) the volcano roll, the philly roll, alaska roll and california roll. they have specials every day too. i can't recommend this place enough

SUPPORT LOCAL SUSHI! go to disawa.
five stars although I can get a park on my way home and have a taste for sushi and can't get a park.... this is my goto spot! nice people and good service.. thinking about having a small get together for my birthday here.. love the byob option. When I come and ppl are having a party I'm like I need to do this. Love you guys
Really good when I can actually get Sushi.  I've walked in a few times and been told they were not serving food, or that a band was going to play or who knows.  

Worth a try, yes...  The Sushi is great, the staff are all nice, but call ahead before you show up.
What a dump! 
Bad service all the way around. Took half an hour to place an order for a to-go cup of coffee. Fish looks and smells far from fresh. Schizophrenic indecision between being a coffee-house and a sushi joint. All-around failure in a neighborhood of bad options.
So delicious. Their Hwe Dup Bap was amazing!  the Nigiri: Sake and Unagi perfectly complimented the meal. 

Oh yeah...BYOB! Or better yet: BYOW/BYOS (Wine or Sake!)

Make sure to call-ahead to make a reservation or check their occupancy level. They continually had to turn people away due to lack of table space.  Don't be afraid (my friend and I weren't) and asked a married couple to join our four-person table--great way to get to know your fellow Philly residents!
I was in Philadelphia for a date, I'm a New Hampshire native. He and I swung by this place after wandering for half an hour, great find! Good relaxed atmosphere, the Tempura Udon is fantastic, and frankly, amazing coffee too. I'd highly recommend this place to anyone that's a fan of sushi or seafood at all.
The crumb topping on the coffee cake is perfectly proportioned...meaning it's three times the thickness, three HUNDRED times the density and three THOUSAND times the deliciousness of any other crumb I've ever experienced.

(Then there's that whole idea that you can throw together sushi, coffee shop, and COFFEE CAKE into one cohesive environment. That's cute. It works.)
The sushi was delicious!! Great prices, friendly service.  BYO.  Yum!!
So on our family trip to Philly, we were craving sushi so we stopped by here. Weird thing is this is a Japanese place with Korean decorations with Chinese workers....:$

The rolls seem very simple but pricey. Maybe being from NY, I expected it to be cheaper. I think like eel avocado roll was $8? I thought it should be around $5.

The food was mediocre. No alcohol served here but its a BYOB. When we asked the workers where we can buy alcohol, they had no idea....:(
I went to Dasiwa because it got amazing ratings on Yelp. This place is a cafe, so it's small and quaint. However, I would rather go to a sushi joint in center city then travel here for sushi. It's hard to find parking, so you'd need a cab or uber. The tables are small and I was constantly fearful that I would knock over the table and the plates on top of it. 

The sushi I ordered was OK. I think I like Wegmans' sushi better than the ones here. The quantity was small and I was not impressed. I think this place is hyped up, and I would only go if I lived near Dasiwa.
Always great service, delightfully chill vibe and delicious fresh sushi at a great value.  Also, coffee cake is mostly all the delicious crumb parts so they know what's up.
Affordable, quality sushi in a laid back vibe with BYOB. Nice local place to get some good food with attentive service.
Hands down the friendliest sushi place in philly! Love the folks here and the food is delicious!  Their breakfast sandwiches are great too and the prices are awesome! Stop in! The gyoza is my favorite appetizer and they make a really great Philly Roll!
Quiet sweet neighborhood sushi actually some of the best everyday sushi in town. If you want really good quality fish, generous servings and a nice staff look no further. The prices are super reasonable for the amount and quality of fish you get in your nigiri or sashimi. The interior is unassuming and pretty dated but you're here for the food anyway. When you can't get out to Sagami, hit up Dasiwa!!
Dawisa is a modest street corner Japanese establishment that sells a small list of sushi, maki rolls, udons and assorted Asian appetizer offerings. I was particularly interested by the loaded gyozas as they seemed like a fusion cuisine with pan fried dumplings topped with fish and a spicy Chipotle sauce. It was definitely flavorful, but it has lost the authentic taste and crispiness of a proper pan fried dumpling and just not my jam. The udon bowl was delicious, the vegetable broth was hearty and balanced with umami and hints of sweetness. The udon noodle consistency was chewy and perfect, but the quantity was on the light side. At the end of meal, I felt well fed at this local stop, but average quality of the food wont be drawing me back for a second round.
This place is phenomenal! The sushi is so good and it's BYOB which is always a plus. Tucked away in a cute little neighborhood near the Philadelphia Art Museum.
Cute little shop, reasonably priced and fantastic food. The sushi pieces are bigger than average and taste great. Seaweed salad is also delicious. Great lunch specials. This place is kind of tucked away in a more residential area yet still walking distance from the Museum of Art & Franklin Institute. Would highly recommend.
Oh, Dasiwa, how I love you so. 

Excellent prices. The Dasiwaki (probably spelled that wrong) is incredible. Actually, all their rolls are quite good. The service is impeccable. I'm embarrassed to admit I come here almost weekly. 

Make a reservation on Friday nights/weekends and enjoy their great selection of rolls. You will not be disappointed.
After reading some good reviews, I had to try the sushi for myself from this tiny restaurant that actually takes reservations. It's also BYOB! 

Here is my take:
Not your typical sushi a-fare, the variety at Dasiwa will keep you coming back to sample the plethora of accessible and affordable Japanese dishes--from the Udon noodle bowls to the pork or beef entrees. Be it fish, fowl, vegetable, beef or seaweed, leave it to Dasiwa to bring authentic eastern flair to the Fairmount area of Philly, at a convenience and price you can't beat with a chopstick. Want some yet?

And if you are in a raw mood, there are plenty of creative sushi combos and roll specials that make for a quick and easy selection. We especially liked the TNT 12 roll!  You have to be a super-hardcore capsaicin addict to tango with this spicy roll. The sashimi cuts were large and fresh. The dessert selection is minimal and surprisingly not as creative as their sushi.

Location is not the most convenient, but still accessible. Parking is rare.   

For the price, which is similar in range to others in the city, if not lower, and for the quality sushi - I must say, I prefer this hole-in-the wall over the comparable sushi joints ($$-$$$, Morimoto does not apply).

Five stars for great service, decent prices, and quality sushi.
Got Carryout last night.  Very well organized. Gave an accurate eta for the food & also called when ready for pickup. The food was excellent!  We got a few common sushi rolls (California, Alaska), which were as good as any.  What really shined were the Korean items we got.  I really liked the seafood soba noodle entree I had, but what knocked my socks off were the appetizers & dessert we got.  The pork & veggie fried dumplings were the best I ever had, but the kimchi pancake thing knocked my socks off!  I'm still thinking about it.  Topping things off was a lemon Bundt cake- very good, but I lost another set of socks to the green tea mochi.  It's a favorite of mine at Asian restaurants so I know it well, but this was SO much better!  The rice shell was soft & goey & the ice cream inside was soft and creamy.  I don't know how they did it, but it is something else I'll be dreaming about until we return.
I just picked up my first order from Dasiwa and I can't wait to order again. I had a rainbow roll and an order of the beef gyoza. The dumplings were flavorful and delicious and the sushi was made with some of the freshest fish I've ever had. It's a cute little corner location and I look forward to going when the dining room is open, but the takeout service was great, too--quick and very pleasant.
