I threw a party here over the weekend and I just have to give a HUGE shout out to Rita, who co-runs the events department and "Ice" who helped me with literally everything...from carrying boxes and goodies, to finding linens to well, you name it! They were both absolutely unbelievable and made sure our party ran super smooth! 

Rita was easy to get a hold of during the entire process and was available the day before so I could store goods in her office. She is amazing at what she does and I would highly recommend contacting her if you decide to throw a party here. 

Ice was not only helpful, but so kind, even bring us drinks. He knew the building and the event spaces so well. He was my right hand man the entire night. Much appreciated! 

The party areas are awesome. We had the star ballroom for the main event and the room with killer views of the Ben Franklin Bridge! 

The kids area was created by covering pool and shuffleboard tables. How efficient! 

We were able to bring in our own custom cake and all of our own decor! We were really able to make it our own. 

My daughter and I stayed and played after the party and had a ball!! While yes, it's crowded on a Saturday night, we still had a blast and everyone was super courteous while others waited for the games. 

There's all sorts of games from classic table games like air hockey to newer moving video games that reminded us of rides we just went on in Disney! So fun! 

Now that the kiddos are almost out of Chuck E Cheese phase, this is where we'll be heading! The food looked good and we'll definitely be trying that out too! 

Check out their two on Tuesday deals and so on. 

There's garage parking, which is complimentary for hosts of the party.
Definitely not the best Dave & Buster's I've ever been to, and it seems that over the past year or so the overall experience has declined in quality. My pre-covid memories of Dave & Buster's are closer to a 4-star experience, but my most recent visit was closer to a 1-star experience.

Friends and I love coming to Dave & Buster's for drinks and games, but we avoid the food at all costs. Friends that have been brave enough to try the food have ended up sick. A significant number of the games are broken. They will take your points and give you nothing in return. After going from broken game, to broken game, to broken game, my boyfriend and I decided that at the fourth broken game (skee-ball) we needed to address it with a staff member. It took a few minutes to get someone to help us, but the staff member that did was very polite and provided us with the skee-ball game we had paid for on a different lane.

When we arrived, I had already had pre-paid power cards. If I would have paid out of pocket for the experience I got, I would have been extremely disappointed. Dave & Buster's is on the pricier side, but this location is not worth the cost.
I discoverd not all D&B's are created equally.  This location is expansive and has a lot to offer.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, making sure you start and end your evening on the right foot. The selection of new and old games is well balanced and designed so you aren't waiting endlessly for that one popular station.

Grabbing a room for pool and table shuffleboard is a great move for a party starter.  Enjoy!
We don't mention this place's name in my household anymore.  One visit caused so much distress that it is a forbidden term.  Yes there are games.  But it's also a bar.  Yet people bring their families.  Kids in a bar--weird.  Kids playing skee ball next to drunken thirtysomethings trying to play skee ball--creepy.

We came here as part of a work event, so food and drinks were provided.  Even with free food and beer, this place sucked.  The food was disgusting.  I have a rule of thumb: if the restaurant isn't Mexican but tries to serve something called queso, run.  It's that runny, orange-y  stuff with lumps that people pass off as cheese.  I have yet to meet a Mexican who grew up eating that crap.

But I digress.  This place (still not saying the name) has bad food, a sad and at time scary crowd, should not be a family destination, and is not my kind of place.  I can get drunk and play video games at home and spare the world the spectacle. I only wish the rest of the patrons would do the same.
Games are fine, but beware the random weekend cover charge. They set up a booth with a hand written paper sign charging an extra $5.

Laughable when there's nothing it actually covers.
Don't eat the food and you might be okay. It is truly terrible, like Applebee's terrible. I definitely satisfied my salt requirements for the rest of the year.

The beer selection is shit best suited for watering plants, obviously. Thank god for Guinness. Thank you sweet, merciful lord for Guinness!

If you are drunk and with the right kind of people, this place could be a lot of fun. I mean, hello, arcade games. Who doesn't like skee ball? But it can get expensive, especially when there is alcohol involved. Go late at night to avoid children and start drinking in advance for a potentially enjoyable time.
The Tl;DR:  It's a fun place to go, but it's overpriced and the food is awful.  

I've been to D & B many times over the years.  It has intelligently evolved into its current incarnation and has many fun games for both adults and children.  The major downside to D & B is that these games end up costing you lots of cash.  I will occaisionally stop by with my nephews for a couple hours and easily spend 200 dollars.  The prizes are terrible, but par for the course for what you would expect.   

The last time that I went I had a burger that was so well done, I was surprised it didn't turn to ash when I bit into it.  

In spite of the negatives, it is important to recognize that I do go back to D & B because it's something different from the norm.  As long as it continues to fulfill that need, I will most likely keep returning.
Generally overpriced place to eat, drink, or play pool at. Games aren't the cheapest around. The selection of games isn't bad if you don't mind driving or shooting games. Thanks to its waterfront location, you'll find locals AND tourists packing this place weekends. Floor staff are generally helpful, though others need to practice better customer service skills. Our bartenders Roland and Gwen (with a star on her name tag) by the front bar were cool. Roland has served me a couple times, and is an awesomely professional server.

Reservations aren't accepted for the dining room unfortunately. Better crowd controls would help, including more reasonable seating time estimates (we heard folks being quoted two-to-three hour waits!), assigning buzzers (a la many Cheesecake Factory and Outback Steakhouses) instead of relying on a hard-to-hear PA system, or staff with weak voices.

When we added our name to the list for a party of ten, we were given a three-hour wait. Checking back an hour later, we were told OUR NAME WAS ALREADY CALLED and that we would have to wait longer. The hell? Due to schedule conflicts, we lowered the number in our party and were given another long wait, but we gave up and sat at the bar (which accepts walk-ins for bar dining).

For my dinner, I ordered the Bar Burgers and Wings Platter ($13) - four mini-cheeseburgers (they cheated and cut one burger patty into four!) on Hawaiian rolls with wings and fries on the side. I asked for the Firehouse wings (instead of Originals), which have a bigger kick. The burgers needed ketchup but weren't bad (especially since I was hungry). As a side, I got the overpriced Tasty Shrimp ($5). Examining their menu now, I'm disgusted I didn't notice that it said I was only going to get FIVE shrimp. Price aside, the combination of their Chipotle-honey glaze on grilled shrimp is indeed tasty.

There's so much to not like about this place but it's fine if you don't think too hard about it. I won't returning to eat anytime soon, but probably to check out the quiz game on The Midway, and grab a drink during happy hour.
2 stars only because the food actually tasted ok. My whole experience however was a nightmare. 

9:00pm: My party of 3 walked in to be seated. The place was almost empty yet we couldn't figure out where the hostess is because well, I don't think there was one. After a bit of wandering around, a security guard helped us find a waiter to sit us

9:15pm: The waiter sits us down and says he'll be back in a few min with the menus. He doesn't come back for another 10 min and as soon as he drops the menus off, he leaves without asking us what we want to drink. At this point, I'm dying of thirst so I go to the bar and ask for a glass of water. 

9:35pm: Waiter finally comes back and takes our orders. He seemed apologetic and said it was a busy night and they had a lot of space to cover. It was pretty empty and maybe this is a management issue of not assigning waiters a single seating area. At least we finally get to order our drinks and they come pretty quickly. 

10:00pm: Where's our food? Don't know and there's no staff in sight. 

10:10pm: Finally, finally we get our food after waiting for 30min. Surprise! My order of "Bistro Steak & Shrimp with Lobster Alfredo Linguine" looked nothing like the photo on the menu. It just came with 4 measly pieces of well done and hard to cut steak and tiny, clearly pre-frozen shrimp. I can't taste the "lobster" at all. See my photos for comparison. At least my friends say their burgers were good although the patties were well done even though my friends asked for medium. 

While my friend was taking a break, the waiter comes to ask how we're doing. We said we're fine and then he proceeds to take my friend's plate away without asking her if she was finished?? 

10:30pm: We finally get our check and pay as fast as we can so we can get out of there. We fight over whether to leave a tip but ended up still leaving one even though the service was terrible. 

Was this meal worth waiting 1 hour and 30 min? No. Was this worth what we paid? No. Will I come again for dinner? No. 

Come to Dave and Busters for the games, not the food. And listen to yelp reviews! Lesson learned.
Took the Kids to Phila for a children's show and then decided to go to D&B to make it a special day.  Three 8 year olds. Three chicken tenders from the kids menu.  A Philadelphia Cheesesteak and a chicken dish for lunch along with soda and coffee.  Do not for the life of me know how the check came to $96.00, but it did.  $6.50 for two coffees and $6.50 for two cokes.  Do Not order the cheesesteak if you are expecting a Pats, Genos or any other original cheesesteak sandwich.  Not even close.  Wife said chicken dish (southwest or something) OK.  Three chicken nuggets per plate with french fries.  OK  Service slow and it was not busy.

Game room is a magnet for your wallet and games are not for kids.  

Probably a nice place for young adults over 21 with lots of cash, but not for young families.
BEWARE! I visited this location on Sunday, September 4, 2016 with some friends (4 of us) to get some food, drinks, and play some games. We ate at the pub tables by the bar inside the arcade area. Our server was terrible. She did not come up to our table until 45 minutes after we sat down. The arcade area around the bar smelled like someone had recently thrown up all over the carpet. When she came up to us (finally) she took our drink orders and then disappeared for another 20 minutes. Finally she came back with half of the drinks we ordered and said she forgot what the rest of us wanted. We told her the rest of the drinks and she came back 10 minutes later with them. She took our order which was two orders of the loaded nachos and an order of wings. After she walked away we did not see her for a good hour. We were about to just get up and leave and finally someone came up to us and told us to just wait and the food would be right out. Food came out cold as can be. As soon as we could we asked for the check. The server took my credit card and ran it and only handed me the receipt that I had to sign and write the tip. I did not tip a good amount because the service was so poor that they should have been paying me to eat there. I handed the server the signed receipt and she went running off into the back with my credit card.

Now this is why I am writing this today (11/2/2016). Today I get notified from the bank that someone is trying to use my card at the Walmart and Checkers on Arramingo Avenue. Dave and Busters is one of the very few times I have ever even used this card so it has to be stemming from this incident. 

I am not one to complain as I have been a server for many years myself and which is why I have waited until these fraudulent charges to post such a bad review. Please, do not use your credit card if you go here, but with how bad the service and food was I would not recommend going here at all. My experience does not even deserve the one star minimum.
Yes, games are fun. I'm actually a huge fan of them. Not fun enough to deal with this place, there are lots of other places to go play games. 

Overpriced.

Shitty service.

Didn't have the food - I figured it would be a bad idea when I was standing down toward the service end of the bar and I could actually smell the tap lines - they clearly hadn't been cleaned in a long damn time. And trash was just piled everywhere. Yeah, no thanks. Never again.
This review is based on stopping here to have a couple drinks. I saw in other reviews that people had to pay for parking.  My parking was free and I park in the garage under D&B. What I almost had to pay for, was entrance into D&B at the door($5 fee). But I luckily I showed my mil id and was told I didn't have to pay.  A little confused because I've never been carded or had to pay a entrance fee at any other D&B in other states like Cali or Florida.

The bar wasn't pack but did have a few people wrap around it.  It didn't phase the bar tenders any. As soon as I sat down one greeted and ask if I wanted a menu.  I told her no so she went off to do other things.  Once I figured out what I wanted to drink after looking over their selection, I got the attention of another bar tender and he made my drink pretty quick and handed it to me.  

The only issues I had was upon sitting at the bar I noticed the bar had old food particles where I wanted to place my arms. And the men's bathroom was disgusting. I won't go into details but it takes a lot for me to write about the cleanliness of a bathroom in a review.

I'll go back because I like D&B and the service wasn't bad.
I'm from Vegas, where the air Dave and Buster's commercials all the time even though we don't have one. When I hit the east coast, I had to go one. Disappointing!

Why do you have to pay money for the actual card? You're already putting money on the card to play their boring/expensive games. 

Overall, I was underwhelmed. The games were outdated. The prizes were expensive.. I think I essentially paid $15 for a snack sized pack a gummy worms. The cocktails contained more ice the liquor. 

If you have kids, they might enjoy themselves. I have no desire to ever return.
This rating is for the games, not the food.

TIPS:
- Download the app and get 50% off your first purchase.
- A coupon comes with a printed receipt (or at least it did for me), BUT you have to complete the survey at least 24 hours before you want to use it...for some reason it takes up to 24 hours for the coupon to go to your email after completing the survey. Not sure why servers are so slow...also, it's random if you get the free appetizer with entree purchase or the $10 free game play with $10 game purchase.

Such a throwback to my childhood of daycare Chuck E. Cheese's!! Except instead of paper tickets, everything's on a card or phone app now.
The games are pretty fun, though try to come when they're half off. I highly recommend the Kung Fu Panda game!
I've been coming to this Dave and Buster since young age. I absolutely love the Midway. Where I can play games and at the same time earn points for a reward, how good is that? 

Me and hubby have never ate at Dave and Buster before, but today we decided to try them for the very first time. We were literally praying at the table that the food is ok bc of the other yelper's reviews. I got the Bang Bang Chicken Thai Noodles(spicy), hubby got Philly Cheesteak, and our daughter got hot dogs kids meal. Everything were so delicious that hubby had order a second philly cheesesteak to share with our daughter. 

I had purchased a gaming package for 2 off Groupon where me and hubby can play non-rewarding games(games that doesn't give u any tickets/points) all day long. In addition to that, on Wednesdays,  games are half off, OMG.  We was there from 3pm until 10:30pm, how crazy was that? My daughter didn't even want to leave even though she's tire. She harrassed both of us on the way home that she want D&B tomorrow lol. 

Reason for the 4 stars. When we got there and sat at a table in Midway, the waitress didn't pay us any mind. We sat at the table for 30 minutes without drinks or menu. I got tire of waiting so I decided to get menus for us at their counter. After that, everything went smoothly.
I am OUTRAGED with this place!!! I would give this -5 stars if I could!!! First off, it took more than 25 minutes to get seated for 6 guests and they totally forgot us until we mentioned to them about us!! Their texting system doesn't even work!! Then, when we were finally seated and we ordered our appetizers and it took them FOREVER!! When they finally came they came along with our meals!! ALSO, they gave us a different table's meals not only once but twice, which was annoying!! My daughter's chicken tenders tasted like bricks and it was stale and very rubbery!! I wouldn't recommend this place for anyone who is very hungry. #godhelpthisplace #youneedjesus
First, the food. It's awful. Don't eat here. Go to Applebee's, Friday's, or if you're feeling really daring, go somewhere that isn't a chain.

It's been a long time since we've eaten here, so I don't remember specifics. However, the food is so bad in fact, that after a terrible meal, we complained to our server, and were offered free dessert. We turned it down. WE TURNED DOWN FREE DESSERT!

That  night, I completed the survey on the Dave and Busters website. The next morning, the manager called me to apologize, and sent us gift cards in the mail so that we'd come back. Yay for customer service!

We went back, but not to the restaurant., which brings me to the games.

I love gaming at Dave and Busters. Is it a waste of money? Yes. Is it fun? Hell yes. Grab a beer, and a bucket for your tickets and have at it. It's like a visit to your childhood. Use your tickets on a finger trap that will break in 5 seconds, or maybe a bouncy ball. 

I do wish that children weren't allowed in after a certain time (its awkward to be drunk next to a 7 year old).  And finally, if you learn only one thing from my review, let it be this: TAKE HAND SANITIZER!  We have never made it out of a D &B trip without someone coming down with something.
I'm sorry - but this is just not the place for me.  

And to say the least - NOT a place to have your firms HOLIDAY party (What are we - 11 year old boys?).  

Yes, really, we had our 2007 Xmas dinner here which included pitchers of soda, a mediocre hot food bar with pasta.  No desserts - they were extra.

They also gave us all token cards.  (I confess, i did play a few games of Deal or No Deal) and amid the noise and chaos, we had a scavenger hunt.  I can't even tell you what the wnners got.  I was so NOT into it.
What mood are you in? American food? Brews? Video games? Whatever it is, chances are Dave's and Buster's may match your desire.

I've been to D&B place a couple times. 
- Games/ atmosphere : Fun.
- Fare: Not the best, including a private event's buffet. Meh!
- Drinks: Ok.

Sometimes it gets very crowded. So keep your elbow to your side (or don't! just don't cry when other people elbow you back).

Two Yelps.
Went to Dave & Busters for the first time on Saturday night and was less than impressed.  The whole scene was just a little lacking.. a bunch of loud arcade activities with quite the interesting mix of people playing them; mostly over the age of 35.  I kind of felt that I was on the sketchy part of the jersey boardwalk.. but it was indoors.. and I was paying $20 to stand there.  I'll admit the boyfriend did have fun playing his friend at the basketball shooting game.. and it was fun to drive those virtual reality life-size mario cart games and crash into everything.  We didn't do anything with the tickets we won because the line to redeem tickets was wrapped halfway around the room.
The bar scene wasn't that great cause for some reason the areas around all the bars smelled like vomit (ew!).  And there were like 2 bartenders per massive wrap-around bar = long waits for drinks.  There were also lots of children running around.  Just not my jam.  Probably cool for a family outing.. and we didn't eat their either so the food might make up for the rest of it.
I definitely recommend this place for the games and sports lounge, but I can't say the same for the food, service or drinks. 

Although it wasn't the worst service I'd ever experienced, it was far from good. The waiter brought the wrong drinks, couldn't answer questions about the menu, and even asked "do we actually have that on the menu?" when I ordered something. When my husband ordered a steak with Chimmichuri sauce, the waiter made a face and asked "you like that green stuff?"
He was just too old to be soo unprofessional, but like I said, it wasn't the worst service ever. 

The signature drinks and margaritas are terrible, so I suggest sticking to beer, wine and standard mixers (rum and coke, vodka cran, gin and tonic, etc.).

Next time I take my son for games, I'll eat at the Hibachi downstairs and then go to D&B for the games. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, that this place tends to draw in some trashy people who (no pun intended) leave trash all around the hallway and game floor.
Awful awful awful! Avoid like the plague! Terrible waitstaff and bartenders! We were ignored (sitting at the bar) for over 20 minutes. Neither bartender could give a shit about what you ordered or how it was made. Our food came out cold. They only have one (overworked) food runner. My ribs and wings were cold, my girlfriend's steak was cold. When i asked the bartender about it, she responded "food is not my problem."
HOW DO YOU HIRE PEOPLE LIKE THIS!?
Add in the $25 MANDATORY parking fee and you have a whole slew of problems. There is no street parking to speak of.
Called the manager and he sent me $100 in gift cards, this must happen a lot.
I used to go there all the time  stopped going realized how gross the staff are.

Nasty staff watch out if you go to the first bar the tall blonde and the girl with the tattoos will spit in your food. If you make them mad in any way. Made a formal complaint and it went nowhere.
Let's face it, we go to Dave & Buster's (hereafter D&B) for the games. The food is okay, but most people like to come here for the fun Vegas-lite atmosphere with all the Midway games you can play.

I went to this D&B several times as a youngster. I remembered the fun games, the great food, fun times, and you came home happy. If you were a big winner, all the better. 

Those were my memories of D&B. Then something happened along the way, I grew up.

Several years later, that same excitement does not run through me like it used to. The games lack the "more" factor. There is a blandness to the whole experience. It feels less of you feeling in control and more that you are in a controlled environment, much like, well, a video game. 

When I wanted something to eat, I found an empty seat and waited 10 minutes. I looked around to see nobody was even close to the vicinity of helping me. Realizing I was never going to be helped, I thought, "screw this", got up, and walked out. 

Another thing. I remember them being real strict about bringing minors in here. Now I see them running everywhere. Has this rule been laxed? Also, I noticed employees were more like babysitters, and less hands on with the whole experience. It is good that they want you to have fun, but other customers complained to me, and in my earshot, about the lack of staff willing to assist in customer needs. That is definitely no bueno.

Basically, D&B is now a shell of it's old self, and unless they dig deep and find what made themselves successful in the first place, they will become something less than a shell, they will become a fossil.
Things you should know:

-Wednesdays are half price game nights.  That means all the cool games that have the potential to earn you the most tickets come down from 10 credits to 5.  More bang for your buck.

-The eat and play combo deals are not offered after 5 pm on Fri/Sat

-Register your card and get free $10 game credits on an almost monthly basis.

-The $11 garage parking is a rip off.  Just park on the side streets across Delaware ave and use your money saved on more game credits..or booze.

-I wouldn't take my kids here anytime after 3ish on a weekend.  The drunk , frat boy, first date type crowd takes over.  They will show no mercy in whipping your kids on the horse race derby game.  Your kids will be left with 2 tickets when the night is done.
If it was at all possible to give this place a negative review, I beg any willing administrator to do it, because this place definitely deserves it.

I have been to dave and busters before (at different locations, which has more or less always been positive), so this review is going to be reserved solely for this particular dave and buster's.

First of all, I have definitely been to this D&B before, and no, I am not 21. But a couple of friends and I drop by one night to kill a couple of hours. And what do I find? A lady selectively carding people walking in. Apparently you had to be 21 to enter. Which definitely did not apply to the large crowd of African Americans walking in 2 minutes before us.

Oh and I came here (to this exact location) before, never being carded. Well we argued with the manager for a couple of minutes on the basis of racial discrimination since apparently all African-Americans are over the age of 21, even if they look to be 15. They were exceptionally rude to all of us, saying nothing except that we  should leave. (I'm still very upset about this, seeing as we were being perfectly reasonable).
Well, we had a couple of coupons from somewhere and we figured we should at least charge them since we were here anyway (for later use at a different location). Apparently this was against the rules as well. Sooo... we couldn't go in, suddenly, because we weren't 21. And they didn't let us charge our cards, which really had nothing to do with the whole situation.

Conclusion; This Dave and Buster's sucks. If you go, you support racial discrimination. There I said it. Oh, and its $11 for parking unless you are willing to walk 5-10minutes over (but even that's difficult because rare unless you come past 10pm).
Let's get one thing straight. Your one and only objective at Dave & Buster's should be to play awesome video games while imbibing alcohol. That's it. End of list. 

D&B has great video games and makes those of us in our late 20's/early 30's feel like we did when we were kids and arcades used to be fun.

Granted, it's expensive. It would be cheaper to just get a case of suds and drink at home. Then again, isn't that the case with any restaurant/bar? The whole point is to go out and do something. D&B succeeds in this regard. However, it fails miserably when it comes to food.

Don't eat here. Why would you want to do that? The food is barely passable, and I'm being generous. You'd be better off eating McDonald's -- while sober -- than here. I had sliders here once and almost walked back into the kitchen and punched the cook in the face. That's what you get when you screw up a mini-burger.
Meh.  My dad worked security here briefly, so maybe I don't like this place that much because I know how poorly they treat their employees, how badly they pay them, and about the dirty, dirty conditions in the kitchen.  Gross.  Or maybe I'm not thrilled about this place because it's overpriced, the games suck, and the food is god-awful (which is par for the course because the employees are underpaid, treated poorly, and turnover quickly).  I've been here with friends, and it was okay, but I was bored and ready to head elsewhere in about an hour.  I definitely wouldn't suggest going back.  This place is just meant to do one thing - suck the money out of your pockets while maximizing profits for the owners.  There isn't even much pretense of trying to make the place an enjoyable place to hang out.  Unless you are the type of person who turns into a money-paying zombie at the sight of any and all video games, even the lame ones.  You're better off playing Wii at home and buying a case of beer to go with it.
Love the location of this D&B, but nothing else is good about it.  The food was meh, service was slow and all the games felt grimey to me. ew
This is honestly one of the most disgusting places I've ever been to.  I'll attach pictures of the bar, for starters. There was 3 inches of water, putrid smell, old food and dirty plates piled high. This place is a health hazard and a half. Between all the games there were drinks everywhere, no one cleared out empty glasses, trash everywhere, hair everywhere, just absolutely an F rated establishment. I've been to the Plymouth Meeting location and loved it. This location couldn't be more opposite. I would highly advise people to avoid ordering food or drinks due to the conditions of the bar. To top it off, there's a $5 cover charge to get into this dump.
I have been frequenting d&b for years ( mostly in NY and a Lil in Chicago) and I always have fun here :)

There's something here for everyone: food, bar, games!

Dining:
The table was NASTY when we were seated and had to ask for it to be cleaned which they did graciously and they were very apologetic.
ALL of the servers were friendly and did a good job!

The new thing for me was the cool at table keg thing!  (See picture)
You can get 50 or 100 oz (50=~4 beers, 100= 8 beers) with any beer you want :)

We ordered the hot wings which were small but meaty and tasty (one order =7wings).
I ordered the Trifecta which consisted of skewers of chicken, shrimp and streak.
To be honest the steak seekers looked like little pieces of beef jerky covered in sauce and it was a bit tough to eat.  The shrimp were super small and a tad overcooked.  The chicken was just right though.  Juicy and moist.  Served over rice which was ok.

My date had THE MAC n cheese.  It had chicken, bacon bits and big pasta noodles.  He seemed to love it.  I had a little bit and again was underwhelmed.

Overall, the food is a notch below a TGIF or Applebees. This is not a GO TO place to eat it's just an all in one shop (in my opinion).  

Game room:
Wednesdays are half price game nights which is awesome!

if you're going to eat DEFINITELY get your card with points at the table.  There is no activation fee then and you get points with some of the meals.
I celebrated my 22nd birthday here last week. It was on a Saturday and getting there around eight pm, it was beyond packed!!! You have to pay for parking in the garage attached, I didn't pay so I'm not positive, but I think it was $15 for the night. 

I walked right in with my brother and a friend and didn't get carded or see anyone carding, but upon looking back later noticed they were carding...somehow missed that completely? Apparently you need an adult at night if you are under 21.

We tried to reserve a table for 10 and was told the wait was 3 hours for any size party. I gave them my phone number to text when the table was ready and the hostess said check back in an hour and a half. I checked back and there was a table available immediately then...didn't make sense to me though since they should have just texted when ready. I got a text that a table was ready like an hour later after asking and getting a table right then. Odd and kind of annoying.

The food when we finally ate was surprisingly decent. It was not too expensive either as long as you stuck to normal items - salad, burger, chicken, fries, etc. I got the apple pecan salad without chicken or blue cheese with the raspberry vinaigrette and loved it. Not normally into that kind of thing either. Side of sweet potato fries were yummy as well. My brothers and friends enjoyed their burgers and chicken too. 

Waitress was really awesome too. We ended up having more people than expected and she slid over an extra table and chairs for us. Had a party of about 15 at that point and she kept her cool the whole time, did a good job and even split the bills. 

Only weird/bad thing about the service was the food came out at different times. All the burgers came out before any of the other food and the people eating them were done by the time the rest of us got served.

I had a birthday cake that they were kind enough to keep in the kitchen for me as well, so that was a huge plus.

Onto the games. It got much less crowded after 11:30pm but was still busy. Lots of options - air hockey, Mariokart, basketball, guitar hero, coin games, ball toss games, connect four, racing games, shooting games, etc. You buy and load a plastic credit card type card to swipe into the games to play - very convenient. Some games you can win tickets from and cash those in for prizes at the store. Pretty cool but not my thing.

Overall, a lot of fun and definitely recommend. Make reservations in advance if you plan to eat and avoid evening weekends to beat the crowd/kids.
Went to D&B and they have fallen off the map so far that they are floating in the Delaware River. First off food is DISGUSTING. Sat at the table for 20 min before they even took a drink order. Then sat there for 15min b4 we got our food order in. They ended up taking $40 off our food so all we had to pay was $15 I WOULDN'T PAY 10CENT for the food I ate. 
Top it off some girl that works there had her BOOBS hanging out so far that if she bent over they would had fallen out and smacked a kid on the head. 
 
NICE PLACE TO PLAY HORRIBLE PLACE TO EAT.
PLEASE READ THIS WARNING!!!   PLEASE READ THIS WARNING!!!
PLEASE READ THIS WARNING!!!   PLEASE READ THIS WARNING!!!

IF YOU ARE BLACK BEWARE!!!!

I am Active Duty Military and went here on several occasions and received moderate service. The last time I went alone to watch some football games and got the shock of my life. The lead bartender a Tall Blonde with a horrible attitude and a short bartender with a ravens jersey on and Black hair mixed spit into a drink. I started a complaint about it and the complaint went nowhere. The management were not concerned so i contacted the corporate office. I don't want anybody to go through ever again what I experienced. Please if you are at the front bar and you see the bartenders texting watch out. I know it sounds insane but these people are disgusting and the management there could careless.
This place is smart... give adults alcohol, an opportunity to spend money, that takes major credit cards and let them run wild with in a confined space...

no wonder they're still in business, silly drunks spending money because they need the big stuffed animal at the end.

the last time i went here was high school when i didnt pay for it.. i don't think i would go if the money came out of my pocket.

theres nothing else...
I'm not a sports bar girl. I'm not a video game girl. But, for a boy's 30th birthday I couldn't think of a better place.

People complained about paying to park... we decided to park at the meters 1/2 block away (there were a million open) and parked for $3. The meters only go until 10pm.

We arrived and ate in the bar-type place. It was fine. I had a veggie burger. I can't believe people get salmon and stuff here. you kinda deserve what you get if you order something silly at a sports bar.

After dinner I went into the "Game" part of it to use the bathroom. It smelled like FEET soooooo bad, I almost threw up. There were various smells through the night, but the feet were a constant. There were farts, poo and finally vomit. SO GROSS.

I loved loved loved the racing car games. It was super fun and amusing to race your friends. I liked the skee-ball (does anyone else remember them being so LOW? i guess it's for kids.) But some stuff was terrible. Namely, Jurrasic Park (sp?) the screen was off center so we could only see half of it. The pony racing game was working but tickets were "broken." (Find out after everyone payed to play, of course) The tickets were just silly. There's nothing anyone would want in there unless you spent $200 and could get a $30 blender.

With that said I actually had a lot of fun. I won't be clamoring to go back, but for what it is it is fun. People also wrote it was expensive. I didn't think so at all. Dinner with 1 drink for 3 people was less then $50. And we each played everything we wanted for 2 hours for $15 each. I actually thought it was pretty cheap.

Next time, I'll bring vicks vap-o rub to put under my nose.
This place is cool for games- however, it is NOT a restaurant. The service is some of the worst I've ever experienced. The wait is so long for everything: to be sat, to get drinks, to order food, get the food... We were seated and waited for our waitress for about 15 minutes and when when she finally came she did not even bring us water. She had a nasty attitude asking us for our drink orders. After she brought us the food she never came back to check if we need anything else or so we can get more drinks. In summary: the restaurant is dirty and the employees rude.
Why oh why do people still go to D&B?  It seems like it's completely down the crapper nowadays.  The bf was meeting up with a longtime old friend and his friend suggested D&B.  Good thing we were able to find free parking because $11 for their parking garage sort of sucks.  

On the weekends, there is a $5 cover after 10 pm.  (Oh please, it's not like D&B is so awesome that I would pay a cover to get in).  But this cover gives you some credits to pay the video games.  Just the video games, nothing that would give you tickets, which blows.  

Upon entering, we stopped by the first bar.  It literally took 30 mins to be acknowledged by the bartender.  Clearly he was out of his element because there sure weren't that many people.  

After that, we entered the game room.  I let the boys get their gaming on.  The only video game that I thought was fun is Time Crisis.  The ticketed games are really not worth the credits.  And the prizes are definitely not worth the money and time you put in.  

Worst of all, there was practically no air conditioning on in the room so everyone was sweating and stinking.  And speaking of stinking, there was actually vomit on the floor in the game room.  Uncleaned for the ENTIRE time we were there.  Gross D&B.
Dave & Buster's has definitely stepped up their game since I've been going there years ago! It's the typical, fried, bar, food. Nothing special there. They do have eat & play combos, so you can get dinner and a play card which I think is a good deal. They also have a decent happy hour from 5-7 and 8-10. 1/2 cocktails, drinks, wines, and beers. The parking is now $25!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It use to be $12-$15 and you get a $5 coupon to use at D&B. Now it's $25 and you get a $10 coupon. crazy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love all their games, they also have better prizes now. And now, they don't have stupid tickets print out. Everything is captured eletronically. Thank goodness they are getting with the times.
Parking is $8 dollars. 8 DOLLARS. I could give my car to the valet at Le Bec Fin or I can go to Dave & Busters. Anyone else think that's nuts?

It's a sad state of Philly nightlife the way this place is hopping on the weekends. It's packed. I came in because I was a block away and needed to kill an hour... better off sleeping in my car. The bars are too small and are packed. The games are pretty old, unbelievably expensive, and maybe not a knock against D&B but against public electronic entertainment in general... but what happened to the good games they used to make? The Street Fighters and the Soul Caliburs? We do not need 8 different Zombie shooting games. Honestly, just plop a playstation and a Guitar Hero 3 in there and charge 2 bucks. That would be much better. 

The place has all the loudness and negatives of a Casino, but no thrill of gambling (unless you like ignoring the little meter that tells you how much they're going to rob you for a game that should cost 50 cents a try), no free drinks, no potential to actually "win" money, and no cheap AC escorts calling you handsome even though you look like Tom Cruise in vanilla sky.
My wife and I went for a late night dinner, this location has been totally renovated much nicer seating & bar area the video arcade and entertainment area remains the same. The colors and much brighter and the decor is more sports oriented. Menu has changed slightly. The quality and quantity of television's has improved dramatically all high definition. We sat in the high top stools and tables in the bar area. I had the boneless chicken wings and french fries the wings were not as flavorful as they were in the past. The fries were truly awesome. I had pecan Gorgonzola cheese arugula and walnut salad with grilled salmon with a light vinaigrette dressing on the side. This meal was superb. My wife had petite filet and sweet potato fries which were very good. Service was average at best it took for ever the server to come over. The parking garage is well lit and safe with an attendant on duty. The restrooms are above average.  Prices are above average but you get a great value
I know...this rating is a bit high.  I feel bad about it, but not really.

Cons - it's trashy, you have to pay for parking, there's a cover charge fri/sat nights, and a bunch of the other stuff people said.

Pros - it's fun still.  Sure, don't have your formal/wedding here.  I know I have fun here playing the stupid worthless ticket games, the racing games, hunting games, etc.  I don't want to come here all the time, but once in awhile when I'm bored of the normal "get drunk at the bar then wander around ordering pizza, etc" and I go to D&B, I usually have fun (as long as you let your inner child out).  

Take this place as it is...an arcade.  What arcade have you been to that was clean?  So leave your standards at home, and play some video games!
great location?  Really?  It seemed away from anything but a few hotels. If I was staying in one it would have been great.  I wasn't. so it sucked.

Food was below par.  I've been to other DB's so I know they can cook.  Drinks were too sweet.

Basically ists like this.  Bad location, bad food, and for two folks:  Dinner and two drinks and a 25 dollar game card ran us 130 dollars.  And the games? They sucked.  Completely sucked.  

With so many great restaurants DB has to lift its game.  Compared to other DB's this one has to lift its game.  If the food and drinks aren't the draw and the games are, it still needs to lift its game.  

I also felt like I was in Thug heaven.  I was very worried to let my fiance go into the bathroom alone.  I am not one to be intimidated easily (usually I walk into places unintimidated where a wise man would avoid) and when I went into the bathroom, even I felt a bit uneasy.  

This place is popular?  I wouldn't come to this one again.
If I could give this establishment 0 stars, believe me, I would! 
So to start, it is a Wednesday night (last night) at 7:55 pm. We walk in, a group of 4; my fiance, my best friend, her boyfriend and myself. We don't know exactly what to do about seating...no hostess to be found. A waitress sees us and leads us to a table. She was very sweet and helpful. Unfortunately, she was not our waitress. We sat for about 10 -15 minutes without a server. Finally, we call over a server assisting the table next to us and ask when we will have a server of our own. He informs us that he will be serving us for the night and will be right over. He is not "right over". After waiting another 10 minutes, he returns and takes our drink order. We were ready to order our meals too, but he just walked away after taking our drink orders and was rude about it too. We do not see our server again for another 10 minutes and this time he has come with no drinks, only bad news that the bartender cannot "make a Manhattan". Even though we have ordered it before from this same location months ago. Whatever. So, our server takes our orders for dinner; Mountain nachos, chicken "gold fingers", and a Buster's Cheeseburger with bacon. The time is around 8:30 pm and we still do not have our drinks. it is around 8:30 pm. Our drinks come out about 10 minutes later, and they are wrong. My strawberry mango margarita is just a mango margarita and my friends' watermelon margarita is missing its signature strawberry ice cubes and pretty green and pink sugar rim. We wait another 5 minutes for the drinks to be "corrected" and the server has an attitude with us the entire time. He claims that the drinks were correct and that there are no "strawberry cubes" despite what it says on the menu as well as cocktail drink menu and advertisements. He also claimed that I asked for mango, not strawberry mango. 
To recap, so far in this train wreck of a dinner we have waited 40 minutes just for our drinks. When the food comes out to us at around 9:15 or so (probably was later than this), everything was cold. The burger was disgusting looking. It was dry, overcooked and pathetic. The chicken fingers were a joke. They were so tiny and pathetic that I would have gotten more from Chick fil a or some other fast food restaurant. The fries were cold and bland and dry. It was almost as if they had been sitting in the bottom of a bin under a heating lamp for quite some time. There was no seasoning on them either, nor my fiance's and the serving was laughable. The worst part of the food was definitely my friends' mountain of nachos. They looks inedible and they were ice cold, not even remotely close to being lukewarm. We called over for a manager (which took forever) and were assured that the bill would be "taken care of". We were also given some "powerplay" game cards. He did not offer us new food, dessert, anything, other than comping the meals and the game cards. 
The time is now 9:30 and we are all annoyed, disappointed and agitated (oh and hungry still too since the food was barely edible!). We wait for our check (or lack of since the bill was supposed to have been comped) only to find that we were still being charged for our drinks. $22.87 (somewhere around there) for 4 drinks on happy hour that were wrong the first time and not at all worth the 45 minute wait. There is another huge problem with our bill. Remember that Manhattan that Dave and Buster's apparently was "unable" to make? Well, funny thing about that: we ended up being charged for it! I am now so angry that I cannot wait to see a manager again. We have to wait another  half an hour for this to be "fixed" and we still end up paying for our drinks. I tried to fight it and refuse to pay but I became so frustrated and furious that we caved and paid it. Not acceptable. 
In the game room, a fight had broken out, the place was a mess and the bathrooms were extremely grotesque. There was feces on the toilet bowls, what appeared to be vomit in the stalls and toilet paper everywhere. Throughout the game room there was trash, food, and bottles everywhere and spills and who knows what else. Staff was extremely rude and inconsiderate. Everyone there seemed to have an attitude problem minus maybe two or three waitresses. The smell was awful like booze, vomit, cheap cologne and smoke mixed with the marijuana. We felt dirty the entire time we were there. Also, there's a lot of low life scum at this place, at least there was last night. My friend and I couldn't walk 10 feet alone without some creepy pervert hitting on us or making dirty and suggestive gestures and motions. 
Needless to say, we were all happy to leave at the end of the night. I somehow managed to win big on one of the jackpot games and won 1,000 tickets! I traded them in for an adorable ewok plush toy. That's literally the only highlight to the night and it's a shame because we went out to celebrate my engagement.
The food here is horrible.   I was so frustrated that I had to send my food back TWICE!!!  The games are blah no games that captures your attention. Nothing really exciting here after 20-30 mins, especially as an adult. 

I thought it would be fun while strolling Penn's Landing however the better judgment call would have been to  day drink at Morgan's Pier

2 instead of one stars because of waiter was hilarious and kept us entertained.
I have fun when I go, but I don't go that often given it's location and the overpriced food and drink.  Oh, and also the douchebags, can not forget the jerks that frequent this place.
Get it together D&B's. Ya'slippin. The volume and attractions on Delaware Ave are increasing; and you the best you can do is raise the evening parking rate? Though you do get honorable mention for free daytime parking before 3PM. But we'll get to that in a bit.

First, lets talk curb appeal. I know the garbage has to go somewhere. But maybe someone could occasionally pressure wash the front so that passers-by and patrons aren't traipsing through trash juice and stench on their way to enjoy a meal inside. 

Second: Your main bar is seriously understaffed at peak times. 

Back to the parking. I recently visited D&B's and parked for free at the attached garage. Hours later, I returned to my car and went home. A couple of days later, I noticed white white paint speckled on the front of my car. My car hadn't moved since I returned from D&B's. I returned to D&B's and noticed that wall that I parked a foot from was recently painted white and there was white paint spattered on the floor.  WTF? Someone there thought it smart to paint the walls while cars were parked nearby, without as much as cordoning off the area prior to or laying a drop cloth over the parked cars. I know that the policy of most parking facilities is "Park at your own risk", but come on. That's being irresponsible. I then sought out D&B management, who advised me that the parking is handled by a separate entity. The parking manager, who was completely professional as sympathetic, raised concerns about me leaving the facility without noticing the damage and not having a parking stub. After explaining that I parked for free and that when I returned to my car it was dark and I did so from the rear. He noted the incident in his journal and told me that I could file a claim with them but his earlier stated concerns would be an issue. I ended up resolving the issue at my own expense. But I am bothered by the "shrug" I got from D&B's and the parking facility. Yeah, the parking is separately managed and operated, but one does not exist without the other. And parking at ones own risk shouldn't include irresponsible facility practices.
I went here on a Friday night because my boyfriend got the sudden urge to go, so we brought along a couple friends. We refused to pay the $11 for parking, so we drove around the side streets until we found a spot that was a 2-3 minute walk from the place. Yes! 

Pros:
*Dining room wasn't too crowded for a Friday night
*The martini and ice cream sundae I ordered were very good (they surprised me with a brownie on the sundae instead of a cookie...awesome!)
*Drinks and food weren't too expensive
*Game room was entertaining
*Employees were very nice. One even gave us a free credit when one of the games jammed in the middle of us playing

Cons:
*Bathroom was kinda nasty...I held it until I got home
*Tripped over 893475937498 kids in the game room (acutally not D&B fault...I just wanted to vent)
*You don't get too much for your tickets. You need almost 1,000 tickets just to get a stuffed animal
*Not enough basketball games. It was the one game I really wanted to play but it was also the only game with a wait, and you had to wait 10+ minutes for your turn.
i agree with all yall who are not a fan of huge crowds and lots of waiting. i felt that too. i felt like i was at a frat party. i ordered food and tried to talk over the noise, then tried to get a pool table. the wait was something crazy like two hrs so i left. im not a fan of the parking situation either. there is no option for free spots - just lots.
(to the tune of "Clothes Off!" by Gym Class Heroes)

See, here's the thing

You have to play some games here
You can't just eat and drink beer
You have to play some games here
To have a good time, 
Oh no.

Excuse me miss,
I couldn't help but to notice how bored you are
Yet I see you standing still without your D&B Power Card
Gotta load up on credit, and act just like you own the bar
Like you're a pinball wizard, or an expert at video game racing cars

I always  thought "what's the big deal?"
I'm a grown ass woman, don't need tickets to make me feel
Oh, but when those sirens sound
I hit the bonus round
The way my heart pounded, didn't believe my joy could be this real.

What do you say, let's play another game, me and you
Could possibly win enough tickets to get a Dave and Busters koo(zie)
Cause after all, on Wednesdays games are half-priced all night long
and It's obvious we DDR to every song....

You have to play some games here
You can't just eat and drink beer
You have to play some games here
To have a good time, 
Oh no.

Shoot. I almost hate myself for loving this place so much. But just go in with an open mind, and go on a Wednesday, and embrace the games. 

The food and drink... mediocre at best. But if you have a bite before you visit, and (can't stress this enough) visit on a WEDNESDAY, you're in business for a night of fun silly games with a buddy or date!
for the record i would like to state that despite being a bit high maintenance at times, i am someone who can definitely kick back with some beer and video games, not to mention that i have a special place in my heart for skeeball... but dave & busters is such a raging disappointment for me. it's always grossly crowded. the crowd is way sketchy (and trying to shoot hoops while clutching tightly to your purse is hard to do!) and since it's so busy you have to wait for pretty much every game you want to play. for people who are impatient like me this gets old very fast. also, is it me or does the game selection kinda suck?

for some reason i've been here more than once and on one of those occasions my friend wanted to eat. i think he ordered chicken fingers & fries and we must have waited over an hour for them, no joke.

bummer too because sometimes video games and air hockey would really hit the spot!
If i can rate a 0 i would. I went there tonight with my husband and my son for his birthday dinner. He had been begging me to take him there for his birthday so we decided to drive over from New Jersey. We were seated real quick which was a plus for me since I'm pregnant and was starving. We ordered a appetizer, 3 drinks and Our server Dominque recommended my husband and i order the lobster Alfredo since it was her favorite. Food came out and we started to eat and i noticed a roach on the table i jumped up almost falling out of my chair and notified the hostess Evelina who was nearby. She came over and killed it and apologized and said she was going to talk to a manager. The manager Omar came over and asked what he could do for us. Never once apologizing I asked him to please remake my food and package it to go since i was disgusted and had lost my appetite. He ended up taking care of the bill. I had Dominque ring us up for 3 desserts to take home because i wanted to make sure i could tip her. Omar brought our food out and we went to arcade so my son can play. We spend almost $200 in chips and stayed until closing despite me starving so that my son can enjoy his birthday. I'm just getting home and sat down to eat. To my surprise the food that i received is not at all what i ordered. It was just thrown together and   It was plain Alfredo sauce and 3 pieces of steak. It was missing the lobster sauce, tomatoes, mushrooms and shrimp. I probably should of checked my food before leaving but As a manger Omar should of made sure it was made correctly. I'm really disappointed and had hoped i could enjoy the night but I'm left feeling very disappointed and upset. Especially since i have to now send my husband out to Wawa to get me something to eat so i don't have to go to sleep without eating dinner
I only added a star because I got some silly prizes that I thought were a bit nifty.

So I just got back from this place and it was fun yet not at the same time.  Don't get me wrong, I really like playing these games and all.  But I have quite a few gripes about this place:
-Few veggie options for the Eat&Play combo.
-They should REALLY just make this place 18 and over because there were WAY too many kids.  I went to go redeem tickets with my friend and the prize store was packed with bratty, obnoxious kids!  Please, just go to ChuckECheese or something?
-The waiters for food seem to be concerned with only giving menus, taking orders, serving the food, and cleaning it up.  No "hey, how YOU doin'" business here, folks.
-The variety of games could be better.  I mean, I saw at least 5 of those knock over coin games and many driving games.  What happened to those good ol' boardwalk games, people?
A casino for kids
Terrible draft list, broken games and bad table service
Luckily I had great company last night and we were there to celebrate so we made the best of it
The food is meh, the "good" draft list although presented to me is only available at the bar not by the games (only bud,miller,coors-esque) available where we were at.
We did have a blast playing 4 way air hockey even though an employee had to "fix" the game by placing packing tape over one of the slots. By placing, I mean he slowly and meticulously ripped tape from the dispenser (a few of which immediately wadded themselves into balls and he'd have to start again) and gently layer them over the slot, carefully pressing the corners...it was painful to watch it drag out but allowed us to play, so...
Crossed d and b off my list and don't plan on a swift return unless it's a work event
Great for a rainy day or a kids bday party
Today was not a good day for Dave and Busters the food was absolutely NOT acceptable. Sent it right back!!
Order was not even edible. Sliders looked like someone just threw them on the plate without hitting the bread. Bread was also hard as a rock. Also as the person who delivered the food was placing the plate down half of the fries hit the table. Didn't even say sorry or even offer to replace the fries. 
Server was nice to say the least Even though I can tell she was overwhelmed. She still smiled
This was by far the worst dining experience I've ever had.  Our waitress came over right away and told us the cocktails were half off until 10 (it was 9:40), so we all ordered one.  When she brought our waters over, we ordered a second cocktail so that it would be under the happy hour special.  Then we waited, and waited.  20 minutes later, some of our cocktails arrived.  She apologized that the bar was backed up. Fine, no big deal. Then she took our orders, and we asked for separate checks (6 people, 3 checks which she said was fine). Shortly after that, she brought the rest of the cocktails.  Then we waited, and waited some more.  We waited over an hour before all but one of our eat and play combos arrived.  I was halfway through my meal when the last person was served, and my friend waited just as long for the extra dressing she wanted for her salad.  Now, I understand it isn't the waitress' fault if the kitchen is backed up, and I understand that it is a busy place.  However, the dining room was half empty, and after the first apology for the bar, she did not come over to apologize or check on us.  Then, she was unable to split the checks because of the way the cocktails had to be discounted (she put them in the computer after the 10:00 deadline).  One of my friends knows how to use the computer system and went over to show her how to split the checks. Even the manager had to watch because he didn't know. On her way to the bathroom, my friend overheard some of the other wait staff talking badly about us because we wanted to split up the checks. By the time we got out of there, they were closing the game room, and we didn't get to play. Yes, we were there for over two hours.  We had no appetizers and no desserts. I will NOT be returning to this Dave and Buster's and will encourage everyone to reconsider going here.  Not worth the aggravation or the time.
I only come here for half-off game nights Wednesdays. Honestly, I have never walked in here on any other day of the week. Even on Wednesdays, each game adds up and $10 worth of game play seems to vanish within minutes! 

I am a child a heart so this arcade full of games makes me so happy. It's the adult version of Chuck-e-cheese. Instead of the infamous chuck-e-cheese pizza, D&B has a variety of alcoholic beverages and simple bar food. I don't have much to say about the food -- it's pretty average. I wouldn't come in just to eat. The drinks are decent as well. It's nice to be able to grab a drink and play arcade games though! 

I feel that there is a mix of lots of games -- there's the physical activity ones such as basketball and football throwing, even a DDR machine! And then you have your usual arcade games and machines. 

After all your game play you can redeem your digital tickets/points (all saved as data on your card). There's a nice variety of prize options ranging from small candies to huge stuffed animals. I never leave d&b unsatisfied! I get to play games and then redeem my points for candies. What else could I ask for?!

BEWARE - they do card and are strict about the age policy!!
I have to admit, after years of hearing about this place, my husband and I had some time to kill in Philly so we went to take a look. At first I was thinking "what a strange place, this is not my style" but after awhile I have to admit I was playing skeeball and collecting tickets. How strange is that!! hehehe. I even have the Dave and Buster plastic cups at home to prove it. 

Seriously, it was a fun place to go to have some food, a drink and people watch. The parking was super easy, which was nice. I wouldn't go all the time because it was a bit loud but I'd go back if I was in the mood for something different.
Pros: 

- Friendly staff 
- conveniently located near Morgan's Pier in case you want to go out and have a bit of fun after you eat. 
- pretty decent selection of games.  

Cons: 
- incredibly slow service 
- the waitress wasn't customer service oriented at all.
A trifecta of poor management, game selection and atmosphere.

It's a little weird to walk into D&B, where kids go to play games and some adults go to drink. Beyond that, the arcade selection was poor and more then a fair amount of games seemed to be adopted from iOS apps. Others were worse in that they were the kind of games designed to keep you shelling out money for tickets, many of which resembled slot machine begging the question, what are these kids being primed for? 

We really went here to use a billiards table. We were put on the waiting list for a table and told we would be called on our cell phone when the table was ready. Nearly an hour later we went to check in on the waiting list, and we were told that the manager had "overridden" the list: he'd given all of the available tables to a party that had showed up after us.  There was no notification of this decision, otherwise we would have left to play billiards elsewhere. Why even have a list?!
Came here earlier this year with a couple friends.  The food was ehh...so so...nothing worth coming back for..  Dave & Buster's is basically a Chuck E Cheese's for adults...i love video games and this place was just OK....some of the games were broken and old.  A place like this should have newer games and better maintenance...

Also, to agree with Beetle S.'s review, the carpet DID smell of vomit is some spots...it was pretty gross.

Probably won't be coming here again...
I had a pretty good experience at this D&Bs - but it's all in the expectations you have going in and mine weren't very high.

The good:
-We went on a Monday during the day (Monday Funday, anyone?) and it was absolutely dead for obvious reasons.  This meant free reign of ALL OF THE GAMES!
-The bartender was refreshingly honest.  We were all looking at the drink menus and were considering margs, sangrias, etc. and he surprisingly told us to steer clear.  He told us we'd get a much better bang for our buck just ordering beer or cocktails from the bar.  Very unselfish and customer oriented... always a plus in my book!

The meh:
-Food.  You don't go to D&Bs to eat, though.  The buffalo chicken sliders were only ok... pretzel bites were decent though (hard to mess those up) and they come with 3 different dipping sauces.  Spinach dip was also pretty good!
-It seems like every game we played experienced some sort of malfunction.  Tickets getting jammed, our play cards not reading, etc.  So there was a lot of waiting around while the increasingly more annoyed game techs came over to work their magic.

Overall a fun place and I'd definitely come back considering my proximity to this place (and I still have lots of tickets to spend on useless prizes that I'll never touch again)!
The second D&B i'd ever been to.  Parking like everywhere in the city can really be a pain or just expensive.  If I remember correctly, the D&B is on the top floor, that can be reached with a tall staircase, or taking an elevator.  When you show up, expect to spend some $$$.  But its definatly a good time.
COME ON WEDNESDAY!!! No other day is worth the gaming money IMO, unless you have some magical talent for getting tickets on machines that are clearly out to get you. Also, I've only ever gone for the games, so I can't say anything about their food.

With that said, the games are awesome for 50% off days! This D&B had just about every game possible. One of the hidden gems that give good ticketing amount is this car race machine near the racing games. It's got a jackpot of 500 (when I went!) and any light bulb you hit around it is 60-100 tickets--A DEAL!! I mention this one because I haven't seen it at other D&Bs. 

Caution: games require "fixes" pretty often, especially on a busy night like Weds. Lots of machines will run out of tickets or stop spitting out tickets randomly and you have to wait for one (of only like 3??) workers to come fix it. The people at the bar will not fix games. It's easier to go to the ticketing counter and ask them to walk-talkie in someone. I stood at a machine for about 20 minutes because they got backed up...but the guy that came and fixed it gave me a few extra tickets which was really nice of him. 

The workers seem kind of stressed running around trying to fix machines and manage children that are running around madly, so I give props to them, they really seem like they're trying. Me and 2 friends met a particularly hilarious and friendly worker who happened to be around when I met those 3 broken machines and each time he dealt with us with a smile and said goofy things, Thanks curly mustache man!!

The gifts aren't bad and a good chunk of them are attainable without breaking the bank on a Weds night. I was able to score a food chopper and a D&B mug and will go back (on a Weds) to try and get something fancier perhaps or to chat with the hilarious mustache worker!
If you're looking to have fun at a cheap price, than this place is it.

You can eat and play for essentially $16 per person. What they don't tell you is that with taxing as stuff it turns out to be about $20 per person, so going with a group of 4 friends is going to cost you at least $80. And if you have a cheap friend like me, ordering a soda leads to comments like "do they charge more for that?". So be warned if you're on a really tight budget.

With the combo you get 60 credits in games, and I am not going to lie, they go fast. So you'll probably go on a fun rush and load your card up with 50 more, and before you know it, that will be gone too. Considering the fact that the more flashy the game is, the more credits it costs, I usually like to go to the less flashy ones-like Pacman or racing-and then go to the more flashy ones-like Fruit Ninja and that spin wheel pirate thing. That way you can get the maximum fun out of your card without checking your bank account later and finding out you spent a whole $100 at Dave & Busters last night.

The bathrooms aren't atrocious, they're actually kinda clean. This is one of the most awkward places to take a BM, so if I were you I would try and hold it (lol).

Also, this place is located fairly close to Center City, so you can walk down Columbus and be in Old City within 15 minutes. There you can buy drinks and I guess continue your party. This place is also close to the MFL Spring Garden stop, but it still is a bit of a walk (and the station can be a bit shady). They have a parking garage, but it's paid. As far as parking vouchers go, I'm not sure. I think when you enter it's free, but you have to tell your server you parked to get a voucher of some sort (or I could be wrong, I wasn't the one that drove here so I wouldn't know).

As for the quality of food, it was alright. I mean, you get what you pay for. Chicken fingers and fries were okay, and my friend insisted that everyone at the table try her burger (yuck)! Oh yeah, and this place doesn't allow minors to come on their own, I've never tried it but if you do be warned.
Hadn't been to Dave and Busters in years so we stopped in for lunch last weekend.  The food was pretty good and the kids had fun playing some of the games... It was pretty loud in the game area, but that was to be expected.  There was a radio station giving out prizes while we were there so that was kinda fun.  Came home with a couple Eagles cheerleaders calendars - and a much lighter wallet LOL!
Right, but all the things that people have mentioned---these are things I thought everyone knew, and embraced, before they went to an outing at this international party/event chain.

a) You WILL overpay for everything.

b) Your kids will sometimes have to fight with drunken 40 year-olds in business suits for a chance to play the cool games.

c) You will enjoy yourself despite all of this, because you are a drunken 40 year-old in a business suit. 

When I get rich, I might go to D&B's to watch sporting events, too. For now, I'll stick to my neighborhood bar.
D&B is fun , this place is huge with so many games to choose from . I think if I were a kid again I would come here every weekend . 

I have only come here during the day , therefore it was never crowded and I could play any games I want without waiting or hear kids screaming and running around the place . Every time I see a kid running , I Always think they are gonna fell ....( idk whats wrong with me) 

Anyway this place is okey, i've never ordered food from here because from the look of it , they were taken out of the freezer and heated up in the microwave.
Not a huge arcade fan, so I'm giving it 4 stars for the ambiance of this place.
TERRIBLE SERVICE. We came here for my birthday, waited at the hostess stand for 20 minutes while 5 workers stood at the bar and stared at us. When we finally got sat, our server took over 25 minutes to bring us our drinks! And in the middle of taking our order, he left and helped the table next to us deliver their food. He never checked on us or asked if we needed anything. All I can say is that the atmosphere was okay but I will never come here again.
Oh myyyy... D&B... what can I say...
It was a business related get together we planned in here to chill after a long day of work. I was so embarrassed I brought ppl there. D&B, if you cannot handle big groups, why are you pretending to be fluent at it? There were 15 of us. After 2.5hrs only half the orders arrived on the table... the rest wasn't going to. Yup. You read that right. They were trying to make it happen but let's be honest if it hasn't arrived by then it ain't coming out. And we were not the only big group with exact same problem. So we came in hungry, waited 2.5hrs and some of us left hungry and went out to get food elsewhere. I mean...wow...just wow! And the food quality is just awful! I have never been to D&B and I will never return.
This place has gone down so much over the years but their only saving grace is its great location and the fact that the food is decent (decent as in edible and tastes fairly good).

Overall, I had a fun time and a nice day of fun and games with family. However, half the machines in the game room didn't work properly and the ones that did used up a lot of credits on my power card. Thankfully, one of the game technicians was understanding and nice, but at one point I felt like I had her following behind us because of the many times I had to call her for help :-/

After the game room, we sat down for dinner. I had the fish and chips, which I substituted for the sweet potato fries and they were good. I also had a taste of the baby back ribs and they were solid as well. Service wasn't too bad and neither were the prices.
I usually like going to most Dave & Buster's but my last couple of experiences at the center city location have not been great.  The service was really slow and not very helpful.  Most recently I went with a couple of friends and we decided to take advantage of the dinner and game card combo.  It was a Sunday and not that busy, however, dinner took almost 90 minutes.  This seemed especially long considering we only ordered nachos and burgers.  After dinner we played some of the games and were going to have a couple of drinks.  Unfortunately it took twenty minutes to order and get a drink served, so it ended up being one drink and the bartenders were even less friendly than the waitstaff.  Overall, I will probably go to a Dave & Buster's again, but probably not this location.
"chuck E cheese for adults"...who are young at heart ;-).
Good time. Had our office party there for a few years running. The place is huge and it is divided into a gaming area, restaurant, and bar area with a bunch of pool tables and shuffleboard tables.
My brother chose to host a family get-together here for just us "kids" (that is, his siblings, all in our 40s) and the "little kids" (a 4 year old niece and 13 year old nephew) to celebrate his wedding - no parents or in-laws.  It was supposed to "bring back memories" of when we were a lot younger, killing time at the arcades.

First we ate and drank at the restaurant - lots of good options, all medium priced and okay for the money.  I had the burger sliders and shared a chocolate pie thingie.  But LORD, the noise - between the music and screaming kids....

Then we entered into the dark yawning mouth of the arcade area and the noise increased exponentially.  It was like a really bad casino.  And who thought it would be a good idea to mix drunk adults and hyperactive kids?  I gave the little kids $10 each to waste on the games.  Other aunts and uncles did the same.  One of my sisters won 1,000 tickets on a game, but found out that the prizes you could choose were laughably cheesy.  So don't come in here expecting to win a TV set for 1,000 tickets (which probably cost us $100 to win).

Cheesy fun, but not my cup of tea.
Went here recently and had an amazing time. First, the food. I would say this is the weakest point. The food is similar to a Friday's or Applebees. Which is not necessarily a bad thing. Wings and burgers go great with a night of gaming but that doesn't stop it from being the weakest point. The service was great and the beer selection was better than I expected.I didn't have any but they had plenty of mixed drinks that looked awesome.

On to the most important part, the games. I've been here twice. Once with some friends and once with my son. Both situations fit very well. With my friends there were plenty of drinks and they even walked around with syringes of jello shots, which were pretty tasty. There were plenty of good games to play with friends.

With my son there were plenty of games for him to play and he loved the prizes.

Overall a great place and I will be back
I have a few complaints about this place.

1) The floors are DISGUSTING. While I was waiting for my food I made the mistake of looking at the ground. I get it, you sometimes have a sudden rush of people but at this time it was slow and still early in the day. It looked like they didn't clean the floor in a week. I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.
2) The food takes forever. They made up for it though since its usually delicious.
3) $11 dollars for parking, really? I don't even pay that much in town.
4) They have a special on Foursquare that they REFUSE to honor. They act confused even when the manager gets involved. I'm not one of those people who make a big fuss about things but why have a special that you're not going to honor?


Its a grown up chuck e cheese but with some kids running around trying to take your tickets. I think next time I come back I'll do it drunk to have a full experience.
Don't go for the food or the service.  Cold and slow.  Go for the entertainment and you will not be disappointed.  Bring your painkillers if you are prone to headaches, because the assault of sounds and lights on top of the crowd noise can be overwhelming.  The place is a blast i you are into pool, video games, etc.
This place only exists to suck money.  

Came here for a bachelor party.  Hey, he wanted to come here and play video games for a while.  Can't fault that.  

You know, if I didn't already have a $10 VIP card that was gifted to me (thank you 76ers), and I didn't have a $5 coupon from the parking garage that they give you, I might have felt a bit ripped off.  Believe me, if you only spend $4 total on an evening there, it's actually pretty cool.  ($9 drink became $4 with the coupon).  I'm not counting the parking fee in that total though.  As a result of not having to spend hardly any money, I actually did have some fun.  

Look, I've had the food here before at a recent party (again, thank you 76ers).  It's nothing to write home about.  It certainly isn't worth waiting in the lines that form.  But the way I figure, since people don't want to go to another restaurant in the city and pay for parking twice, they just put up with having to eat here if they visit here.  I have to seriously doubt that anyone really chooses D&B as a real dining destination.  It's a "we're here already, might as well eat here too" destination.  Kind of like a mall food court but with waitresses.  

The Power Cards are designed to make sure you have no idea how much you're spending.  Really, they have odd point numbers on the games like 107.23 points per game so that you're left at the end of the night with like 23.87 points on your card that you can't use unless you refill it for another $10.  Game selection is for people 15 years younger than me (but thank God they had a Donkey Kong machine, which cost in the neighborhood of 75 cents a game not like our quarters in our youth).  

And all this so you can get a few tickets, and maybe hope that you can go home with a pencil or two for your kids at the end of the night with the D&B logo on them.  Nice racket.  

Oh, by the way... I give D&B the award for the crappiest air hockey machine I've ever played on.  For the equivalent of $2.50 a throw, you get to play on a table where the color scheme between the table and the puck actually makes it tougher to see the puck in a dark atmosphere.  You'd think they would know better.  

Honestly, I'd rather drive to the Jersey Shore and play their arcades than D&B.
This is a really cool location in Philly. It's on the water right by the bridge. Very large and also has a hibachi restaurant connected to it. I sat at a table inside D&B near the bar while my boyfriend and his brother played games. I ordered our food/drink and it came out way faster than I imagined. I had really good service from our waitress Mariah. Besides there being a full bar and a full food menu idk what else you can ask for. I didn't play one game and somehow enjoyed myself regardless. If I lived in Philly I would come back with my friends and do some more exploring and I would def go to the Japanese restaurant.
The good-My gals and i celebrated a friends bday here sunday afternoon so the company i kept def made this for more of a higher star review! 
The deal 20.00 for 10.00 on a D&B card worked out in my favor and made getting tickets all the more easy :) 

The bad- The drinks sucked my margarita was as clear as water and had wayyyyy to much triple sec -BLAH The service was wishy washy.. We sat at the front bar and i arrived a little later than my friends so i was ordering as they were wrapping up. The side apple salad was ok but i didn't receive a fork until about 10 min after my food was dropped off .. Really 

The ugly- the hoards of ghetto children and parents ! i mean i don't understand how you can let your kids act a fool in public ! REALLY D&B is not an open daycare for your snotty nose rugrats who don't have manners
I expected for there to be a lot of kids and anticipated having to wait for games and such.

I wouldn't ever suggest D&B but i did have a great time with my girls and if they ever wanted to come here i would oblige.
I've been wanting to check out this Dave & Busters for the longest and I was so excited when i finally got the chance to go. I've been to two other Dave & Buster's and this one doesn't even compare to the others. It by far is the worst! Yes, it's probably the largest one and other than the size, the only other thing that I liked is it's on the pier. So certain parts of the inside have some huge windows with some pretty awesome views of the river.
I went there on a Saturday night at about 9:00. When we arrived there, the cars were lined up, waiting on the street to get to the parking garage. Parking is $11 and after you park, it can be a little confusing on how to actually enter the dining room/ game area and where exactly to purchase game tickets. When we arrived to the hostess desk, I stood there for about two minutes and waited for the two girls to finish their personal conversation until they took me to be seated. I couldn't believe that, especially for how busy it was. Finally, after being seated, we got a very nice server and we placed our orders shortly after. I was blown away by how huge the dinning room was and I noticed immediately that they were understaffed. Service was a little slow and there was a lot of miscommunication between the server and the people in the kitchen. The food was ok, but definitely overpriced. One of the things that really pissed me off is 1/4 of the pasta in my dish was uncooked! Wtf?!?! And after waiting so long for the food and observing the service that other people were recieving, I didn't even bother to complain about my pasta. Finally, I got the bill and decided to check out the arcade. Here's where it gets worse... This place was crowwwded! EVERY game had one or two people waiting to play it and the line for the bathroom went way outside the door. At this point, I said screw playing games and just went to the bar. I walked circles around that bar for more than 5 minutes, trying to find an opening/ get a bartenders attention to place an order and had no luck. So I went to the bar near the entrance, the semi boring bar... And luckily after a few minutes, I was able to place an order and about 5 minutes after that, some seats became available. The drinks were pretty good and decently priced. However, service was still kind of slow, even after people started leaving. Smh... So in short, it was a pain in the ass getting there, the food was bad and overpriced, the service was horrible, and the lines were long. I never even got to play a video game.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that it probably wouldn't be half as bad if you go there for lunch or while most people are in school/ at work, but who wants to do that??? Aside from that, I guess the only option is to go after 11pm. But whatever, that one experience is all I need. I will never go to this Dave & Busters again.
My disinterested review
---
(bonus points if you know what that means!)

1. Eat & play combo (entree + $10 gaming card for $15) is in effect most nights (except peak times - after 5pm on Fri & Sat)
2. Parking is $11, unless you park near Penn's Landing and walk 5-10 min
3. They take "dry-aging" of steaks a bit too far - the steak was borderline freezer-burned (but you didn't come here for culinary inspiration, right?)
4. A hurricane glass is yours to keep after ordering their TnTea drink, but much smaller than the ones you get at Caliente Cab Co (Murray Hill, NYC)
5. The bathrooms were absolutely filthy
6. All in all we spent about $30 to win 650 points, which got us a D&B mug & shotglass.  Most stuffed animals require almost 1000 points. At this rate, the 11,000 point PS3 they were showcasing would've costed...$500. Assuming you keep winning at that clip, of course. 

Overall a fun night, but it was an absolute zoo.  I'm willing to try a D&B in the 'burbs to see if the experience is better.
DO NOT HAVE AN OFFICE PARTY HERE!!!   My job picked this location to have our annual office party this year.  Our President Pre-Paid for drink cards that was good until 10pm and game cards.   Well to our surprise, ALL of the bars told our entire office at 9pm that they will no longer accept our drink or game cards????? What??? How is this!! The entire party was pre-paid for!  So how do you cut off game and drink cards 1 hr in advance but pocket the money that was paid for until 10pm?????  We asked for a manager and the manager stated she would do a last call at 9pm....this did not fix the situation how do you call last call for something that has been paid for an hour in advance???  Our company will not be back here ever again and I will be sure to steer any BIG PRE-PAID BUSINESS away from here!!! Such a rip off to our company!!
Tuesday night. Sparse crowd. Not their fault, except maybe the service and food could have something to do with it. Both were poor. Service choppy and food cold, and underwhelming. Very disappointing night out. Expected much more from a large successful food/entertainment business.
We've been to a lot of Dave & Busters' over the years, and a lot of Dave & Busters-like venues. But the one on the waterfront in Philly remains my favorite. It could be that I'm biased -- my hometown is Philly and the waterfront/South Street/Old City is a really fun area to hang out. I enjoy the coolness of the building, with the cool old stairwell/escalator that takes you up a floor to the front of the house.

Once you get in the door it's a pretty standard D&Bs. There's the Midway with all of the games in the back, private dining room, restaurant, bar and gaming tables. TVs everywhere. We have found the staff to be pretty accommodating in terms of putting a specific game on a specific TV, and the last time we visited, the hostess was super sweet and helped us get a game table and TV in a section of the place that wasn't even officially open yet.

Tip: The parking cops around the waterfront are Nazis. We've gotten a ticket parking on the street twice. It is much better and cheaper to park in the parking ramp attached to D&Bs. It's $11 to park, but you get a coupon on the bottom of the thing you stick on your windshield that gets you a $5 discount on your food/drink tab inside. So in my mind, since I always get a drink or two, it's $6 for parking, which is reasonable.

Easy access from Columbus Blvd., the Ben Franklin Bridge and the aforementioned South Street area. There's a sushi place in the same building if you are into sushi. We've been there a few times and it's definitely passable (though not the best sushi we've ever had. They have (or did have) an all-you-can-eat option which can be fun if you are really hungry.
What to say about a visit to Dave and Busters? Let's start with the great attributes and then move to the reasons I am never coming back. It looks like I am one of many based off the reviews. 

Bartender was super sweet and was customer service oriented. That's the best part of he visit. The only reason for the one star. However, the drinks were underwhelming and just plain bad.  I decided to accept the bad drink, because she was so nice and because they were out of every beer I wanted. Plus,  it would have been awkward telling her otherwise, but I can't accept the dirtiness.  We ordered the bang bang shrimp and some chicken  and said a "Hail Mary". 

 I'm not sure if we came in after the dinner rush or if cleanliness is just not a top priority at this chain. I have actually seen McDonalds that are cleaner. The bar was sticky, as were the menus, as were the floors. There were only about 20 customers, and about 100 fruit flies per person. Fruit flies everywhere. I mentioned it to the bartender, who seems surprised. To her credit, at least she acknowledged the issue. Management was right there when the complaint was made and said not a word.  My stomach was already turning before the food was delivered. My second round of "Hail Marys" noted. 

The bang bang shrimp were undercooked and the chicken was pink. The lettuce was old and it looked like there was mold on the celery. It was exactly what was expected from the insides of this place.  Voicing this to the manager would not have helped, in that we won't be back. I'll save my prayers for a place with a mop, standards, and fly traps.
Mediocre food and extremely slow service. 
Nice venue but don't come here expecting a nice meal. In fact don't even expect decent bar food.
I've updated my review after eating here and having horrible service.
Let my tale unfold.....

I came here for one of my friends birthdays. We made this abundantly clear to the waiter who did immediatly take our drink orders. That was the only good part. It took a LONG time for our drinks to arrive, and not many of them were alcoholic. Our waiter had to be called over constantly, and I only got one drink the entire time, and that was the first one I ordered. Our waiter looked like he should have been a model and if he quit to do this then he's a moron, because he was HORRIBLE (his name was allen). 

I can see why people do not like this place, and I will give it two starts because of the games, and the bartenders which I currently have not had any issues with...except the games are obviously over priced but comon, don't you expect that?

Now for the rest of the review....

I've been to both dave and busters Columbus blvd, and Dave and busters Franklin mills mall. This will (obviously) be about Columbus blvd because this is the establishment I am currently rating. 

I have been here once that I can remember (a long time ago when I was a little kid but I can't remember that) and it was a good time. The Bouncer at the front was ok, I had to get money from the ATM so I could park and get my 5 dollars back and they let me without any issues (except the fat bouncer tried to ignore my question of where the ATM was. Luckily there was another guy there and he understood my situation and let me pass w/o my id so I could get money, go bak to the parking person, pay them and get my license back and 5 dollar off coupon). 

People complain that the parking is 11 dollars. So did I considering that the Franklin mills mall location is free to park, but you do get 5 dollars back in a coupon so it really isn't so terrible. 

After that we went to the game room to play games and it wasn't too bad. I did make sure my valuables were safe in my pockets because there were some sketchy people there but I did not let that stop me and my gf from having fun. We played games and won tickets and yea some of the games are def over priced, but just do the eat and play combo and you get a card, and sign up online and you get more game play and there's plenty of other ways to get extra game play too. 

I did have a drink and yes it was over priced, but it was fri night and your in they city, what do you expect? They do have a late night happy hour from sun-thurs so I'm going to try and hit that up at some point. The drink did seem like it coulda been stronger but they actually measure out the shots for the drinks so that's why it might seem weak (customary practice at national establishments such as this, applebees does it too). 

The place was roamed by many staff who definitely tried to keep the place clean by sweeping up or picking up glasses that people were done with. I'm sure the floor could have been cleaner but it's a huge arcade with food drink and many people running around, can't expect the taj mahal of cleanliness. 

The bathrooms here are disgusting. I was appalled at how they were and did not even feel safe going to the rest room. 

I've been here a few times now and this is what I have come up with. HORRIBLE waiter service, decent bartenders, and a not bad game room. Honestly, if you want to eat here just go to the bar and order your meals. You'll have better service and it'll be a LOT less of a wait to get a drink (any type!)
Cons: 
Pretty much loud at all times.

Everything costs money and is expensive from parking to playing games/refilling card to your meal. 

This location doesn't have as much add ons like other locations with a bowling alley, etc.

I wish they had more specials and food & drink happy hour selections. Please pardon my ignorance if any of this is outdated, my last trip was over a year at least, probably closer to two.

Pros:
It is a fun place to hang out with your friends to play arcade games, watch sports/the game on tv, and eat a decent meal. 

Not all D&B's are created equal, for instance the location in Maryland has shuffle board, a pool table and other billiards.. I can't remember if the Philly/Penn's landing one does.. if so, kudos!

Wait staff and chefs are accommodating to my vegetable urges and vegetarian ways.
Started at the bar.  Waited 20 minutes for wine and then told there was no wine.  Seated at table and told how to order on our phone.  Not easy and food took forever to come out.  Our drinks came when we were almost done with our meal.  Food was midiorce.  Not impressed.
Great location, other than the ridiculous garage parking fee. We always park on the street and walk which there is usually a lot of spaces during the week.
probably one of the more overrated places to go to in the city, and I don't care how good the shooting range is. The drinks are way too overpriced. the food isn't really that good. and the service pretty much sucks.
also don't go here if your looking for any of the traditional arcade games that you used to know and love. they might have four of them tucked away in the back, if they didn't make room for another cheesy racing or party favor game..
Horrible. Every time I go to Dave & Buster's, I wonder why. I've only ever been to this location. Here's my experiences brought into one review:

Both times I've been to DB, it's been a friend's birthday. So, we go, and my friends aren't great about calling ahead and we wait. For a long time. But that isn't the issue, again, that's a user error. The line into the garage is ridiculous. The bar floor is always sticky.

Now, following this near 2 hour wait for a nearly empty dining room, we finally get seated. Our drink orders aren't taken for another 30 minutes and our flat sodas (which required a complaint to the manager-in-training to end up corrected) don't come for another 25 following that. Our food order was taken and came out nearly an hour and a half after sitting down. The staff kept citing the fact that it was a "Saturday and a fight night" (again, to a pretty empty restaurant). The manager-in-training mentioned before (we didn't get his name, tall blonde dude) was amazing, funny, and attentive, but it genuinely didn't make up for the neglect from the wait staff; he was one of the only redeeming factors though. The food was not good, as usual. My friend's "steak" looked like the krabby patty from under the grill in that one episode of Spongebob and it was over $20 for the plate.

Second, the game floor. Every time we go to the game floor, it's covered with unsupervised kids who bang on the game while you're playing it, invade your space, and hover (with or without their parents' encouragement). The games are overpriced, dirty, and a good number of them are just worse for wear. The gift shop (which I was completely alone in) had some stuff but it looked ransacked. 

As a caveat, we are from the Jersey shore and have a lot of arcades available to us so maybe I'm spoiled. But this is a business that's supposed to be centered around a game/drink/fun experience (and I thought it was more marketed to adults). We did play our share of games though. 

Do yourself a favor and find some really good food and walk over to any other arcade in the city. You'll be better for it. My friends, despite having repeated bad experiences, still seem to hold out for what they see on the commercials. It's not gonna happen.
I am not an arcade kind of a guy nor an overpriced mediocre food guy of a guy.  Nevertheless, I suggested our family come to Dave & Buster's.

Back when I met my wife 14 years ago, we had an early date here.  We had a good time.  Not so much because of D&B, but because we were falling in love with one another. :)  Though, D&B had this machine that would morph our photographs to "show" us what our future children would look like.  It was horrendous.  Somewhere around here we still have that image.  We have laughed and joked about that picture ever since.

For Christmas this past year I gave my wife 12 envelopes, one for each month.  In each envelope is a hand-written letter recounting a special moment we had together and an invitation to "relive" that moment.  One of the envelopes recounted the D&B date.  That is what brought us back.

We are pleased our children turned out much better than D&B predicted.  We dropped a boatload of money here on wristbands, but the children had a blast.  We dined; it wasn't particularly good.

But a day together in a venue that is meaningful to us was worth it.
This place is awful.  There, I said it.  I went here with a 6 year old, as I thought he would have a blast.  Well, I think he did, but I couldn't wait to leave.  

We started off getting a bite to eat.  The food was low quality and took awhile to come out.  I had very low expectations for the food and it still didn't meet them.

On to the gaming...while there was a ton of choices it was very crowded and many of the more desirable games always had a wait.  It wasn't cheap either.

This place is always crowded, and I have no idea why.
I had a great time! Loads of laughs and drinks. The service was excellent. Our waitress Dana told us we would get 5 star service from her, and we did! But why did I only give 3 stars?

The food was mediocre at best. I got fish n chips and have had better from the frozen food section at Acme! Our food did not come all together so by the time everyone got their meal, mine was cold because I was nice and waited for my girlfriend to be served before I started eating. On top of all that their sea food choices were not Seafood Watch approved. Several fish on the menu are endangered species.
We come here every couple of weeks as a treat for my 7 yr old!  If given a choice where she wants to go to celebrate....she always chooses Dave and buster! It's a perfect choice since they have great games, food, and drinks for us! I would pick this place over chuck E cheese any day! 

We always like to dine in the game area. The service there is always faster and friendlier than the main dining room. Have to admit that sometimes I dread coming here because I'm such a foodie and their food is okay at best. Luckily I found something I love which is the  sweet apple pecan salad with chicken which is in my opinion the best food they may have. My friend ordered a burger while my 7 yr old ordered chicken fingers. They can care less about the food and would rather play the games anyways! 

My daughter loves to run around with the game card and playing anything her heart desires! She always end up winning so many tickets that she comes come with so many toys and prizes.  With a mango margarita in hand.....this place is awesome!
