I wish I could give them zero stars!!!! If you want roaches in your food or on your table and etc. Well this is the place for you! I'mma guy and I was about to scream when a roach popes out of the condiment holder! PLEASE EVERYONE DO NOT EAT HERE! I will not be coming back EVER!!!!
So last night, we pour ourselves in a cab, and my companion directs the driver to David's Mai Lai Wah. Admittedly, it was difficult to focus on anything at that point, but three wise words from the driver wedged themselves into my exhausted, boozy brain: duck lo mein. 

We arrived at David's and I excitedly scanned the menu - no duck lo mein in sight. Disheartened, I decided it wouldn't hurt to at least ask. The reaction from the waiter was the best reaction I have ever received upon ordering food, a combination of wonder and excitement and deep approval. Apparently, that cab driver is the only person who ever orders duck lo mein, and I am honored that he found my companion and I worthy recipients of his secret. So now, dear Yelpers, I pass on the secret to you - duck lo mein. It is exquisite, delicious, filling - juicy, succulent duck with slightly crispy skin, perfectly seasoned, and the noodles - oh, the noodles!

The portions are large and the price is small, so you'll have lunch the next day. I'll say it one more time, in case you missed it: duck lo mein.
David's Mai Lai Wah is a long-running restaurant on the corner of the busiest intersection in Chinatown.  It must be doing something right because the competition is fierce in Philly's Chinatown.  Well for one thing it has a niche....you see it is open until 3AM every night and is at its most crowded when people are leaving the bars and dance clubs.  The food here is reliable Chinese (largely Cantonese but not exclusively) comfort food.  Just what you need after a night imbibing on the town.  Last time I tried their Buddha vegetarian plate for the first time and it def passed muster - especially with the addition of some hot Chinese mustard.  A cup of their complimentary tea sent me happily on my way!
Atrocious service.  Been here a few times and the service was always inadequate.  The food is okay, if you can put up with rude employees.  

The latest trip here was around 11pm on a Friday night.  Restaurant had empty tables but did not seat us (party of 2).  After attempting to signal the employees that we wanted a table of 2 and being repeatedly ignored, we took the liberty to sit down at an empty table.  I guess they took this gesture offensively and completely ignored all of our subsequent attempts to get their attention, a menu, etc.  They proceeded to seat the people behind us in line in an effort to spite us.

I know that this is Chinatown and that it's obviously not about customer service in these parts, but this is a little excessive.  It's not our fault you're heavily understaffed and hate every part of your job having to serve drunk people till 4 am every night.  Just do your job.
Did you know you can get six packs to go at David's? Well, you can. Nothing fancy, but they do have Tsingtao, which kind of works for whatever it is you're doing in Chinatown. 

I haven't tried the food, but after witnessing the take-out orders and hearing the phone blow up, I'm looking forward to a visit. Of course, I'll update my review accordingly at that time.
I've been wanting to leave a review for this restaurant for a VERY long time but I decided not to since I usually give restaurants a second time to redeem themselves. However, today was the day I needed to write a review. I am writing this review as I am walking to my car right after i just ate at David's. Everything felt great, and I was finishing up my food with a happy and satisfied stomach. I asked for my check, paid it and left the tip under the orange snack they usually give you once you're done your meal. As I'm leaving and walking out the door, one of the server yells after me, "you're not going to leave a tip for your waiter?" I replied saying, "it's underneath" and walked out. I was FLABBERGASTED. SHOCKED. Excuse me? I left a 20+% gratuity tip. I should've walked back in and took my money back. 

And this is why I order take-out only from David's because I refuse to deal with their shitty customer service. Please do yourself a favor and eat here only if you're desperate.
This place is the absolute WORST!!! RUN!

We get to David's and there was a line at the door so I'm thinking okay this place must be good.  However we mosey our way in a little and I hear people talking about how they have been waiting 35 monies for their to go orders and some people saying they have been waiting 10 minute for someone to even take their to go order.  I'm looking around the small restaurant and see there are about 4 people working the floor and they all see there are people at the front waiting.  My instinct was to leave but my friend really wanted to eat here.  

Finally one of the guys that worked there came to the front and was trying to see who was there first etc.  
so we told him and he took the to go orders and sat us at a table and the whole time he was being rude.  There were two females behind me and three gentleman to the left of me and a few other customers toward the back.  The ladies behind us had just gotten their food as we were sitting down and I heard her asking the waiter were the rest of her food was because she ordered this and that.  He was arguing with her saying no she didn't and she didn't order this and her order didn't come with that and I was just thinking are you serious.  So she asked him could she place an order for the salt and pepper shrimp and he told her I mean your food are dry came out so you will wait 35 to 40 minutes until we deal with the other customers.  Ohhh you have got to be kidding me!!  

To the left of us the three gentlemen that had been sitting in there before we got there had issues too.  They all ordered their food at the same time and they only brought out too meals.  The guys who's food didn't come out kept asking where his food was and they kept acting like he didn't order anything and he was like are you serious I ordered with everyone else.  So they were like we will have it out for you soon.  He waited and waited and the other guys already finished their food.  When they brought his food out it was packed up to go and he was like are you serious so you all just assumed I wanted it to go.  So he sat there and ate out of his to go containers.  Smh 

Back to myself and my friend, while all of this was going on around us we were waiting for a waiter to come take our order.  We waited and waited and my friend was like really no one is going to come take our order.  Mind you there was a table that got sat after us and their order was already being taken.  Again everything in me is just wanting to go but I went along with it.   So I ordered the salt and pepper shrimp dinner special.  It came with a soup, rice and a shrimp roll.  She ordered the salt and pepper scallops.  It ordered egg drop soup and I have eaten egg drop soup so many times and from plenty of places.  It was so thick and bright yellow it looked like snot.  I was messing around in and also noticed it had chicken in it.  I don't eat meat and I love egg drop soup so I was so disappointed. 

The two ladies from earlier in this review were packing up and paying and ready to leave.  Their waiter came to their table and said where's my tip.  He went to go get another waiter from the back and he came and said you need to leave him a tip.  One of the ladies said I'm not leaving a tip because I didn't have good service and you don't come to a table demanding a tip.  He told her don't ever come back here again because you won't be served.  Similar situation to the table with the three gentlemen from earlier.  They were packing up and paying and the waiter said you aren't leaving a tip and the guy who didn't get his food at first said are you serious, you guys were rude, forgot about my order, had me waiting and then had me eating out of to go containers.  No I'm not leaving a tip. 

By this time my shrimp roll came out, and it got thrown on the table by the waitress.  I was like are you serious.  We are just throwing plates on the table like that.  I just couldn't understand why my friend suggested or liked this place so much because I'm not a fan of rude customers service and disrespect.  By the way the shrimp roll was okay in case you are wondering.  Finally our meal came out again with the tossing of the plates on the table.  It looked good but mine came with rice and it was missing.  So I'm waiting and waiting for rice.  I'm almost finished with my shrimp before my rice comes out.  The salt and pepper shrimp was good but it wasn't good enough to be dealing with the way they run this establishment.  Funny thing is my friend wanted this shrimp and scallops so bad and her scallops were burnt.  

The last disappointing thing was we had to wait so long to even pay our bill.  At least 10-15 minutes and they were just so rude about it.  Finally we paid for our food and guess what....... no tip.
Mai Lai Wah, you're so good to me.

The great thing about Mai Lai wah is that it isn't JUST a place for folks that may stumble in after a night of boozing - it tastes just as good completely sober, so that basically means three thumbs up (one for when you're boozy, one for when you're hungover, and one for when you're sober)!

You can't go wrong with the salt and pepper chicken wings or squid, dumplings (the best anywhere, period), and beef lo mein. 

The staff may be nasty but as long as the food is this good, I can overlook that.
Mai Lai Wah is a wonderful late night dining spot, Chinese or otherwise. Their kitchen dishes out dependably saucy entrees for reasonable prices, and doesn't stop until after the last clubs close. Service is quick, food comes out even quicker. Due to crowds occasionally, you should be prepared for a little wait.

The restaurant is comfortable, not huge. Still, our party of nine was able to secure seating quickly the last time I was there (a Friday a few months ago at 8 PM). Portions are not stingy, and easily shared family-style. My favorites? Their lychee duck and the special fried rice.
Zareen, Zareen, Zareen.... Everyone should have a friend like her who has great taste and great tips on where to go. Since my friend swears by David's meals, its always in my mind when I'm in Chinatown late. It's usually a little bit of a wait for a seat. My usual here are the salt & pepper wings or shrimp, the house mei fun, beef lo mein, and shrimp rolls. There are plenty of other good meals here, but these are my favorites. Up late on the weekends, David's is open til 4am... 3am during the week. Beer and cocktails served here also. In a rush, call ahead and its always hot and waiting for you when you arrive.
I would give zero star if I could but there is no such thing. Anyway, I was looking for a place that sells congee and it was late hours so all the vietnamese places were closed. I knew in my heart I should've went to my regular chinese store instead of here. I know its chinatown and that I cannot expect good service here, so I'll give them a pass on that because that means I don't have to give 20% tips either. Food takes long as hell when it's not even busy. I ordered steam dumplings, chicken congee with fried dough, and shrimp in cream sauce with walnut. None of it were anything better than the food from chinese food store.  

ALSO, There were four people, they weren't white and looked a little young, and they asked for a table of four and the waitress said "no table" when clearly there were 5 empty tables ! Couple of minutes later, four people came in and its the opposite of them and the waitress sat them down. I just thought this was very interesting....
SPEECHLESS... 

our night started out great, my family and I went to an award show in Philadelphia,
around 2:00 we end up In Chinatown 
To end the night with some Chinese food,

It started out by waiting 5 minute's for someone to greet us, which is completely understandable.

Once we sat down I Tried to get our waiters attention to reorder something I forgot to mention to him, as I'm telling him he replies with "WHY YOU DON'T REMEMBER TO SAY BEFORE?" 
At first I wasn't sure if he was joking around with me, but by his straight looking face I realized he wasnt.

The food comes out and we start eating, can't really complain about the food cause it was great, but when I ask a random passing waiter for a napkin he replied with, "HOLD ON I'M BUSY" It was like these people were from a diffrent planet cause I never been to a restaurant with this kind of costumer service. 

My family finishes their food while I'm still eating and a buss boy comes by to gather the dirty plates, he asks me if I'm done I say no, while he's taking my mother's soup dish he says to me "you want to finish this too?" In a sarcastic tone while he shoves the bowl near my face.

In conclusion,  we will never come back after that experience, mean people, with no education on how to treat costumers, they treated us as if we we were non paying costumers and as if we were a pest...
Oh Lord.

My friend Tim was in town and wanted to 'walk around' Chinatown. Why, I don't know, but part of being a friend is acquiescing to requests like this, so I met him at 9th and Arch and we proceeded to do as he wished-walk around. Of course, all this perambulation makes a man thirsty as well as hungry. David's Mai Lai Wah, which I heretofore knew nothing about, was right across the street when we both commented on our growling bellies, so we stepped inside. 

When we entered, the place was empty save for 2 tables and even then, we stood in the entry way for more than 10 minutes until someone acknowledged us and pointed to a table. We sat, were given menus, then we sat some more. 

The cocktail menu is odd to say the least, with things on it like 'Bee Feater' and 'AB Solute.' Quirky spelling aside, a lot of classic cocktails are priced at $6.50 here, which is about half of what you'd usually pay in almost any Philly bar.  We wanted some booze, we were ready to eat. Still we sat. 

Finally a curt older waiter came and asked what we wanted to drink. I ordered a Manhattan and Tim asked for a martini. We were not asked what kind of liquor we wanted nor did the waiter pay any attention when we said we were ready to order food. Hmmm....

Another 20 minutes passed, the place was still only 2 tables full plus us, and no drinks nor anyone inquiring as to what we wanted to eat. 

At last our drinks came but again, when I said (politely) we wanted to order food, I was ignored.

The drinks. Oh, those drinks. Tim took a big swig of his martini and started to cough. I teased him about being a light weight until he made me taste his cocktail. I sipped and looked at him with raised eyebrows. "I know. Right?!," he said. "This must be some kind of industrial cleaner, not booze. It will probably kill us." With trepidation, I tasted my Manhattan and got a mouthful of what tasted like very cold cherry Robitussin. Since I'd done the honors for Tim, I made him taste my drink. Even through all his Botox, he screwed up his face when it hit his taste buds. I suggested we ask for the check and go elsewhere for food, since we knew we would not finish these abominable drinks and felt certain that no one was going to take our dinner order. 

We tried catching the eye of several servers to no avail and finally Tim went to the register with cash, saying we wanted to pay. By now, the front of the restaurant was clogged with people waiting to be seated. The woman at the counter looked through Tim and did not take his money. He pressed a male server into helping him and was told that this server did not know what he had. Tim named the drinks and the man walked away.

He sat down again, suggested we just leave money on the table and go and said he needed the Gents before we headed out. While Tim was performing his ablutions, I again tried to get someone to give us a check and held up both credit card and cash as I attempted to get someone's attention. No dice.

Tim came back a little pale and I asked if he had a bad bathroom experience. He said the toilet was dirty but what bothered him were the dead fish floating in the over crowded, dirty seafood tank in the back, being eaten by live fish. 

At that point, we put 2 tens on the table and pretty much fought our way through the throng of people at the door who were still not seated. I wanted to shout out, 'Abandon hope, all ye who enter here,' but felt that would just be in bad taste. 

I will AB Solutely never darken David's door way again.
David's Mai Lai Wah is precisely the sort of place no one would think twice about if it wasn't open until 4 am on the weekends.  The food is your standard undifferentiated Chinese fare and the service can be pretty spotty, but when you are unleashed starving from the bar after last call, those giant plates of fried rice and salt-and-pepper squid get lapped up like manna from heaven. 

Prices are reasonable, but if you have questions or specific dietary needs its a bit of a challenge. When I ordered the mushroom fried rice on the menu ($6.95), our server asked if I just wanted mushrooms, or did I want the onions and bean sprouts, too? I said I wanted it all, i.e. the version on the menu.  I pointed at it.  He had never seen it before, maybe. 

Our vegan friend spent a few minutes asking about eggs or dairy in the tofu with Peking sauce.  Our still-clueless waiter had no idea, and showed no interest in finding out.  

All in all, we had some average food and the fun of sitting in a restaurant in full zombie makeup (did I forget to mention this was after working the Zombie Prom at the Troc?).  Total damage was $36 after tip for three main dishes, some tea and a Kirin beer.
Wow is an understatement! I can't believe I lived 15 Minutes from this restaurant for years and spent almost every weekend and some week nights in Philly and I've never been to this restaurant. To be honest I've actually never eaten in China town. 

Philadelphia is a foodie utopia so I was always more of a chain restaurant or upscale high end dinning snob to say the least. Now being  yelper I've seen the error of my ways and I'm able to explore more adventurous venues. 

So this is probably my little brothers favorite Chinese restaurant. He literally goes here every two weeks. And has never invited me because he thinks I'm still a food snob. I have seen the light and it's brighter on the other side. The food was phenomenal. We had everything. I can't list it all, but check out the pictures. 

My favorite items were:
Drunken noodles with beef
Coconut shrimp
Lemon pepper wings 
Shrimp with sautéed spinach (epic) 
Sautéed shrimp and broccoli 

Okay..... so after careful thought I loved everything we ordered. We ate family style because it was my dads birthday. I'm not big on sharing plates, but it was a family event so I sucked it up and did the family thing. I saw some great dishes coming out of the kitchen that I would love to try next weekend when I go back for business. The roasted duck with bok Choy and a deconstructed lobster.
I feel like the only reason why this place is so busy after the late night is because people are too drunk to notice the difference. I never really enjoyed this place and have steered away from it many many many times. Mainly because the service there isn't good, the last server I encountered was very unpleasant, and the people in there are LOUD and beyond obnoxious, really, I think it's cause they're all drunk. And I honestly don't think the food is that great..

But the most recent time I got forced into it so I dealt with it, I ordered something nice and simple, usually my go to when I go to chinese restaurants and do not order family style. I ordered the rice platter with roast duck and chinese vegetables, again.. my go to dish at almost every place. I also heard that their salt and pepper chicken wings were pretty well known there, so I suggested my table to order some, we ordered 2 dishes, they were decent, a little plain to me though, nothing that special.

ANYWAY, as I was trying to enjoy my rice dish, half way through eating it, I found a STIR FRIED ROACH IN IT.. I understand things like that happen, BUT HOW DO YOU MISS A HUGE BUG LIKE THAT?! Oh my, it killed my appetite, and killed all my friends' appetite too. I kept my composure, no big scene I promise you, but the manager took my dish off the bill and offered to make me another, but I wasn't feeling it whatsoever.

I was nice, and still arranged for a decent tip to be left, even after how much I dislike the place, and my unfortunate bug encounter, sigh, I'm staying away for good from now on.
Our waitress  was an A-hole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   I'm kind of particular when it comes to my chinese food, because I only like CERTAIN chinese vegetables. Apparently, this was a problem for her.  I ordered "Chicken with Black Bean Sauce w/ Vegetables." When I asked her which vegetables came with it, she got a nasty attitude... who knows why.

After we ordered, she continued to be nasty, even though all we did was ORDER our food. She was very cold and short with us, and answered with one word answers, as if each word she spoke was painful to her.

When our food finally came, it sucked!!!  (At least mine did, anyway.)  My bf seemed to like his food, because this is one of his favorite spots to eat in China Town.  As for me, it left a lot to be desired.

If it was up to me, I would never eat there again, but I'm sure I'll be back because a lot of people I know like this place. :(
The best price in Ctown. Five stars for serving crack and having exceptional bad service. 

I go to David's Mai Lai Wah a lot cos it's cheap and unlike some of the reviewers, I go there sober. And every time I am there, I order nothing but "Roast Duck and Pork over Rice" cos that shit is crack. Salt and Pepper chicken is good too but it's not crack good. Ever since the first time I tried "RDP over Rice", I have been hooked to it. I don't even look at the menu anymore. You know, the menu, the thing that sometimes takes them 15mins to give to you. 

That brings us to service. Exceptional. When it comes to bad service, David's Mai Lai Wah is the best at it. You need water? Well you better like tea cos water takes 20mins to get to you. And nope, you can't get the waiters' attention but when you do, expect them to look you in the eye and walk away. If that happens, don't be mad they are just giving you more time to bond with your friends and some privacy as you eat your food. 

After you are done eating, they give you 30 more mins to talk to your friends as you wait for the check and another 30 more mins when waiting for the change. 

TL;DR. David's Mai Lai Wah gets 5 stars cos they give you a shit ton of time to bond with your friends and serve dope "RDP over Rice".
Waiting on our food at David's and a roach was crawling on my partner. The worker just stood at the counter offering no condolescneces. Needless to say we left without our food. Worst ever. Avoid at all costs.
Come here for 3 reasons, and 3 reasons only:

1) They are open when you should really be asleep, to 3 or 4 AM

2) They make kickass Salt & Pepper Chicken wings (see photo)--think the Chinese version of Korean Fried Chicken

3) They are half a block from Hop Sing Laundromat (http://tinyurl.com/6qsfql7), so get some giant fried dumplings (see photo) before worshiping at the feet of the inscrutable Lee

Eater Philly's "Hot 38":

"David's is the late-night spot for industry folk, and offer some of Chinatown's best eats. Don't sleep on the house noodle soup or the salt and pepper chicken wings. If  you end up within a half-mile of the place around 2:30 AM, make a bee line for David's. You won't be sorry."

http://philly.eater.com/archives/2012/04/02/the-38-essential-restaurants-in-philly.php

Oh, and don't you just love places where the service sucks?  I'd pay extra just for that!

[5PM Saturday, before hitting up Hop Sing, we came in during their staff meal.  8 or so employees chowing down in the back, but no other customers, and the best effort they could muster was just to wave us to a seat between bites.  LOL, fortunately you don't actually need menus in a dive like this, just get the wings and dumplings.]

Don't forget the part about being half a block from Hop Sing...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJaf1k_EdNg

Sláinte!
This place hast be WORST customer service in the world. I live in chinatown and have given this place multiple chances and they continue to disappoint. Their food was tolerable but coupled with the sore and judgmental customer service, I would highly recommend to avoid this place and go to Ho Sai Gai across the street. If you prefer to be belittled and ignored, go to David's. If you like good Chinese food and a good atmosphere, stay clear of this overrated place.
What is wrong with you people? Last night was the Chinese New Year, so we finally bit the bullet and actually had a sit down meal here, after having their take-out at least twenty times. As usual it was pretty busy, even at one o'clock in the morning, but that didn't stop our server from providing great service and not making us feel bad for taking our sweet time. 

In honor of the new year (or something), we mixed it up by ordering some stuff that we hadn't tried before. First was a pot of their house special soup, a mix of wontons, meat and vegetables in the most delicious broth I've had in a while. The wontons were exceptionally juicy and just the right consistency to grab with chopsticks without the things totally falling apart. Even the pork pieces were prepared to somehow absorb a ridiculous amount of broth, so chewing on a piece felt like I was also chewing on broth. Amazing. 

One entree was spicy black pepper beef, which maybe could have had more beef, but also I'm glad David's cares that I get my serving of vegetables. The other was salt and pepper squid. Having eaten at so many mediocre restaurants lately, I can barely remember how to describe the sheer pleasure of enjoying something so simple and so novel (to me) and delicious. The boyfriend described it well when he said the coating tasted like a Lay's potato chip. I was in love with the chewy texture inside and crispy coating outside. I may never eat fried chicken again.

The total bill was puny, like, $40 with tip, and we still had leftovers to take home with us.

To recap: Excellent food, lightning service, courteous staff, reasonable prices, and open till 3 in the freaking morning (4 on weekends). Oh and they have a ginormous 3D dragon on one wall. With glowing red eyes. Awesome.
I always defended this place cause I liked the food and the late nigbt option, but no longer.  From the horrible servers and cockroaches running around this place should be shut down.  I have been suffering from food poisoning for two days.  Will never go back again and looking forward to it being shut down.
This place deserves zero stars. Complete jerks. We were sat. Place only half full. The server saw we were ready to order, but instead kept going to other tables. Purposely. So we left. And as we were leaving we saw the table next to us tell the server that we were never attended to, and he shrugged his shoulders and said "oh well. We are busy."

What a joke of a business.
So I decided to give this place another chance.. Everyone raves about it.. Ordered it correctly, SALT N PEPPER CHICKEN WINGS.. STILL A FAILURE!! The wings were bland! No flavor. Nothing... Seems like fried chicken wings and threw slices of pepper on the side.. No salt no pepper flavor.. It was no different from me ordering the wrong plain wings.

I'm extremely dissapointed in this place because I really want to like it.. But it's just not gonna happen.
Extremely disappointed that I don't know where to start. The service was horrible. HORRIBLE. Rude, inattentive, and scattered. Probably the best words to describe it. The food came out so incredibly scattered that two of us were done eating before the third even got their food. The general tso chicken was disgusting. The egg roll... meh. The only good thing I had was the steamed dumplings. My drink I'm pretty sure didn't have alcohol in it. Ugh just ugh. Alright I'm done whining. Sorry about that.
it's 2:30am and you just left the bar? best place to sober up. salt pepper wings and egg drop soup is a must to absorb all the alcohol. always a crowded place and somewhat friendly service. only thing that's stopping me from giving it a 5 stars is the people that be in there. can't blame them lol
This has to be the most atrocious and obscure piece of crap restuarant I've ever been to. 

After getting a recommendation to come to this restaurant (for my best friend's birthday!!), upon arrival I saw a crowd gathering here. I thought to myself that the food must be absolutely delicious!! But after entering, I deduced that the crowd that I saw was disgruntled patrons leaving Zdue to poor service. Personally, my party was fit in like but I was seated 6th out of all of the parties. And before you ask, yes they were the same size or larger than mine. Regardless, the server was more than happy to berate us about our "Impatience" LOL. In addition, I'm fairly certain that David's doesn't take well to black customers after what I've experienced.

You can be assured that this establishment has lost a well paying customer.
I have come to this restaurant for years & the service couldn't be worse. I usually overlook the service because I like the food but the poor customer service outweighed everything this evening. I hate coming into a restaurant where the staff treat the customer like their business does not depend on them. 

They were slow to seat us, never greeted us as if we were welcome customers. They act like they were doing me a favor by letting me eat there. Super slow to take my order, i almost left. My shrimp egg foo young was delivered to the table without the rice. It sat there for 10 minutes before i could get any waiter's attention & they were rude about bringing the rice out. The restaurant was not even full to capacity for such a delay. My salt & pepper squid was overdone, full of crunch & chewy squid instead of the delicate tastiness I was looking for. The steamed dumplings were tasty. The rest of the meal was ok, but service made my meal really underwhelming. 
Service was slow at best but ironically they were very quick to come collect payment for the dinner.  

I've been a customer over 25 years but after this I can't say that I'll be rushing back. Service was slow, waiters were rude and food was just ok. Dissatisfied with both service and food.
I went to college in Philly. David's Mai Lai Wah is open until 4 am on the weekends. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out I spent my fair share of late nights eating a bowl of noodle soup there. It was a marvelous experience, but one I could never be sure actually existed until recently.

About a dozen years later, I found myself staying in a hotel three blocks away. I hadn't spent any real time in Philly since I left, but my late nights at DMLW were permanently etched into my brain. A mark, I would find when tasting their food once again, that was just was fresh as the day it happened.

So, yeah. If their dumplings with ginger scallion dipping sauce and wonton noodle soup don't make you nostalgic for yesterday, you're doing it wrong.

Pro Tip: Be sure to ask for the noodle menu if you aren't offered it by default.
I would like to apologize. I was one of those drunk girls here at 3am. I am very sorry. 

But I had a great time and can't say it won't happen again! :) 

I thought all the food was so good. And I ate it for leftovers the next day, so I know that my memory isn't simply blurry. The eggplant XO was the surprise for me. It was unfortunately something my friend ordered and only let me have a few bites of. Otherwise I would have been happy to devour the whole plate. My friends love the shrimp with the mayo/walnut sauce. I thought it was too sweet and a little gross, but it does seem to be a popular dish. If you enjoy it at other restaurants, you'll love Davids too. Food came out very quickly and everything was hot and plentiful. I also went back a few weeks later and had the beef chow fun, which was a little greasy but delicious. 

The hours here are ridiculous. I believe they're open until 2 or 3 during the week and then 4 on the weekends. They accept credit cards and can get you in and out in a jiffy if you'd like. The restaurant is tiny, so there may be a wait during lunch and dinner rushes. But luckily it's in the middle of china town and there are lots of other choices nearby. I will definitely come back here though.
If you want chinese and ok with searching around forever for parking, this is your spot! Food always comes out hot and delicious. Customer service is hit or miss. I don't really expect amazing customer service at places like this though.

My favorite items here are:
Salt and pepper chicken wings - so crispy, yet so moist.

Sizzling Pepper Steak - This can be a hit or miss. Seasoning is always spot on, but sometimes the meat they give can be very fatty. If you really like peppers and onions, they also give you tons of it. My wife eats the veggies and I eat the meat. :-)

Salt and pepper pork chops - deep fried pork chops in the same seasoning as the wings. What can go wrong?

Beef chow fun w/gravy - Flat noodles in a brown gravy sauce with veggies. So good! I like the gravy one because it isn't as greasy as the normal beef chow fun which is stir fried.

They also have a bar if you want to drink. Not exactly sure how well the prices are for the alcohol (I've never had it before), but if you are in need of a drink, you can get one.

Overall: I keep coming back because they are fast and good. Come here. You won't be dissappointed.
Definitely one of the BEST after hours restaurants to hit up after a long night in the city.  I haven't been here in a while, but from what I remember, food was pretty good - although everything is probably good at 3am after a few drinks.  And I have to give shout outs to the wait staff and David for putting up with my drunk friends this late in the evening.  And I definitely agree with Dave H - quick service, considering the time of night...

I still have yet to try this place during the day...
To my memory, this is probably the first Chinatown Restaurant I have ever been to in my life. I was probably just a little boy when I first stepped into this little corner hut. Then after my young years, I would only venture into this restaurant after the club closes, as it is one of the few places still up and running.

Fast foward to yesterday. We were looking for a quick bite in Chinatown and decided to stumble into David's Mai Lai Wah to order the Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings. We got that, and added some roast duck and soy sauce chicken. First off, the wings were amazing. Fried perfectly with a crunch that could be easily defined as divine. The ginger sauce that accompanies the dish was perfect as well. It's a strong ginger taste for the new, but I absolutely love it because it gives a great kick with the saltiness of the wings. 

The other dishes were so so/average. Nothing too special here, but probably better off ordering from those that specialize in it. 

The service was quick and prompt. The atmosphere and decor resembled that of a small hole in the wall somewhere in the crowded streets of NYC. Does it serve NYC quality Chinese food though? Probably not, but some dishes do stand on their own. It's good, and worth the small price, so give it a try.
Worst customer service that I've ever been too! Family and I arrived at restaurant at 2 am just to be physically pushed out of business with angry man saying they are closed. The business didn't close until 3 am. He continue to yell within the restaurant at others dining telling them that they won't be served. I asked if he was the manager and owner and he said yes. He then proceeded to turn the lights off on the dining guest and told them that they were closed and to leave. I would never return to this place. WORST customer service ever
A Fitting late night review for a fitting late night hang out spot. Upon going to dinner here with Aaron and Baby Badness for what I thought to be the first time I was able to piece together that it's been at least the 3rd time. When you have as many friends who've played the Troc as I have it just ends up being one of those places that you end up going to afterwards. But while I've always been able to place the saucy fried goodness of Kung Pao, I haven't always been able to place the name. But now that I have I can sum up that it's equally legendary.

Don't expect the best service and the best quality food. But do expect something that's worth what you pay for, and more if your 21+ since you can score a Kirin for $3.50 and plenty of other cheap drinks. You'll be able to get a piled high plate of food and they hook up some satisfying soups, but remember to ask for that plate of rice otherwise you're not going to get it (d'oh!). But despite some of the few hang up's David's can make the late night hours pure bliss and egg rolls!
I come here far too often. So often, I rarely check-in anymore. The odd hours make it hard not to be a wonderfully tipsy customer pulling up for some delicious salt and pepper wings. The wings come with jalapenos covering them but don't worry - its easy to knock them off and enjoy them. They aren't spicy - I can't do spicy and I'm still love the wings. DO remember the spiciest part of the jalapeno are the seeds so definitely make sure you've knocked those off too (if you're looking for a mild flavor). 

Drinks are cheap to keep your buzz going. I'm not sure you'll find better prices in the city but unless you get straight liquor, the selection feels like the basic casino stereotypical options. However, this does not make them any less delicious - just less imaginative. 

Definitely a high sodium meal but soooooooo good. Order lots of appetizers get some fried rice. Egg rollz for days. Nom Nom.
They put magic in their food.  It is impossible to wake up with a hangover when your night ends at David's Mai Lai Wah.
After consuming nothing but coffee and almonds all day, my friend and I decided to hike over to Chinatown after a movie for some late-night grub and good conversation. We were bummed to find that Nan Zhou had already closed but this placed advertised noodles and was full so hey, sold. The short of it is that this place is decent, but what kind of review would this be if I ended it there?

The decor is the typical cliche Chinese restaurant decor - red and gold with plants and brightly colored things in a long but small room. After procuring some tea and water, we began to peruse the surprisingly extensive menu. I was bent on soup and decided on the pork and mustard green soup (which was huge and the menu doesn't lie when it says that the soup is meant for two). We also decided to share Sai Woo Duck (roast pork, chicken, and shrimp with vegetables over crispy duck). The soup was alright - plenty of mustard greens with shredded pork and a few pieces of tofu gave body but it was lacking in spices and salt. The pork was also a bit tough for my liking. Still, nothing a bit of soy sauce couldn't help. The Sai Woo Duck was infinitely better but unfortunately the duck was really dry. Had it not been for the skin and layer of fat still being on the duck it probably wouldn't have been tolerable. Still, plenty of other meats and vegetables were cooked perfectly in the normal brown sauce. I would probably order this again. With free slices of blood oranges as dessert, it made for a well rounded meal. 

Service was pretty good and as efficient as you can find in Chinatown.

I probably wouldn't seek this place out during the day but if I'm in the area late and didn't feel like Penang then I would have no qualms with going here again. Plus, with such an extensive menu, there is plenty more to try.
I'm giving this place a one star. Heard so much about it but the service is awful! We got there and the small tables were taken. There were some people in line waiting to pick up their orders and some people waiting to be served. We waited 20 mins and I asked the man if we can just be seated and he said no that I have to wait for small tables. Well you know what you just lost two customers and more. You won't serve us at a big table??? It's 12am there's no big parties coming in. What a waste of our time to even come here. I do not recommend such a place that don't value their customers.
This place is really good.  I mean awesome.  They're open all night, and serve that great late night food that one craves after a night of partying.  The issue is that the place is really crowded late night, and the people aren't all that attentive.  But it is worth it, because it is just so good.  I'm more of a NYC person, and this place reminds me of my fav late night Chinese spot in NY CT, NY Noodle Town.

I recommend the roast duck with wonton noodles.  So good.  Make sure you get the roast duck because the flavor of that seeps into the soup, which makes the soup amazing.  If you want more of a dry dish, get the beef chow fun with American broccoli,.  It sort of has to be beef because the beef flavor seeps into the noodles which makes it all the much better.  For an appetizer, the regular fried chicken wings are really really good.  They are just plain, but they are nice and crunchy on the outside, and so juicy on the inside.  Watch out!  They always come out piping hot.  

My favorite Chinese dish is the sizzling beef short ribs with peppers and onions.  But David's did not make it so well (at least not to what I like).  So I do not recommend that here.

Overall this place is wonderful.  I turned all of my friends onto this place.
Yo the service sucks in this place ......the older lady with the glasses was sooo rude maybe she was on her monthly! For this to be my first time here it gets 2 thumbs down on customer service and hospitality! BOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
OFFICIALLY ADDICTED

This place is Philly's LEGIT Chinese cuisine!  Trust me, I'm from Rowland Heights (aka Chinahood in CA) and I know good Chinese when I taste it.  I'm back from my vacation and all I can think about is how damn delicious the food was here!

What we ordered:

Congee w/ pork:  rice porridge dish that is perfectly cooked with an abundant serving of slices of pork.  Add a bit of soy sauce and it's just simple food that's so satisfying.

Duck:  slicked pieces of sweet duck that has a crunchy skin and tender meat.  I think this is the best duck I've ever had!

Beef chow fun w/ soy sauce (dry):  thick pieces of chewy fat noodles, stir fried with bean sprouts and beef.  Again, they cooked it to perfection!  Just enough saltiness and delicious flavor.

Mayonaise shrimp:  sweet and creamy mayo sauce drenched in crispy shrimp.  This is good to share- too much can be too much LOL.  

Clams with black bean sauce:  clams were plentiful and the sauce was good.  I've had better in Cali.  

I ate here twice but ordered the same dishes.  I saw other tables ordering other tasty looking dishes which I wish I had tried.  I wasn't too impressed with PA but I think I might have to fly back here just to eat at David's Mai Lai Wah again!

Xie! Xie!
Worst service EVER experienced in any city and in any country..... The wings were tasty once and I tried to go back TWICE and neither time was served or even acknowledged!! I hate to say this but I truely believe they are racist as the second time I went in they only spoke to other Asian individuals who were waiting - even when they arrived AFTER I did. Guess they don't realize they are located in CHINATOWN in a major metropolitan city, and not CHINA! Smh - they suck!
Came here to eat last night, probably one of the worst chinese food experience I had. Came in with a group of 5 people. 
First we ordered the fish maw soup, tasted like any other but they gave us soup that served only two people. Other chinese restaurants in chinatown rarely serves soup like that. If its more than two people, it should be a huge bowl. Also red vinegar was watered down. 
Second we got our salt baked chicken wings, fried terribly little taste less peppers than expected. 
Next we got salt baked scallops shrimp and squid, that tasted like nothing. Fried terribly once again. 
Next we received our sizzling beef. It didnt even sizzled probably because of the overload of onions and peppers. 
Next, we got our order of walnut shrimp. The plating was nice but the food was cold. Shrimp was't crisp, more soggy. 
The only good thing was our last dish, the snow pea leaves. Seem like it was the only one cooked by the restaurant fresh and out of the kitchen. 
Poor service, forgot napkins, was charged for rice..
Don't think i'll be coming again.
The only good thing is that they open after hours but thats most of the chinese restaurants in chinatown.
I've been to David's Mai Lei Wai soo many times.  For dinner on a 
Tuesday night, for Lunch on a Thursday afternoon, after getting drunk on the weekends.  My favorite time to go is definitely after going out.  I went with a couple of friends this weekend and we had a great time.  

If you go after all the bars close, be prepared for a wait.  The food is really yummy, and served so you can share.  We had the Veggie Chow Fun, and the beef fried rice.  Much better than diner food after drinking.  

The atmosphere is fun Chinese Diner.  There's crazy kitch all over, and a few surly diner waiters to go with it.  Our waitress was really nice and attentive, even though it was 2 in the morning and there were drunk people all over the place.

Go here soon!!  The food is very very good and affordable for anytime!!!
This is not about the food. Its about the customer service towards certain races. If you are A customer you should be able to sit and eat in this establishment. It is 2018 not 1960 and it is unacceptable that a man and his friends can not sit at the counter and eat the food they just bought from you because of a color. I personally will never go here again
We were walking through chinatown at 3.30 after a party and decided we wanted chinese food, I assumed (bc philadelphia is the city that ALWAYS sleeps) that nothing would be open. I was wrong, David's was! Maybe we were drunk, but everything tasted awesome to me, exactly what I wanted.
This place is filthy. I honestly don't know why people continue to eat here. 6/26/19 we walk in at around midnight the first smell that hits you is the smell of kitty litter. You know the smell when someone hasn't changed their litter so it smells of cat urine. It wasn't just me. Multiple people smelled it. They consistently also fail health department inspections for rodents and cleanliness. They probably have a cat to keep away mice but it smells horrible. The next big issue is customer service. I understand most people are coming from a night out and dealing with drunk people can be exhausting but everyone isn't drunk, belligerent, or rude. There is no attempt to seat people in a timely manner or friendly service. I haven't had food from here in years since my friend had a roach in their food and it wasn't ever really that good. I chose not to eat this night as well but my friend who did eat said "the food is always disappointing but it's the only thing open." Clearly there's a need for more late night eats in Philly after midnight.
Hands down the best Chinese food in Chinatown, Philly and South Jersey.  Everything is good.  I.e. Fried rice, salt and pepper shrimp or chicken, egg rolls, lo Mein Noodles, beef and broccoli, spare ribs, fun noodles.  Everything!!! However the service sucks!  They staff have been there so long they act indifferent bordering on rude.  They hardly pick up phone for orders, maybe they are just that busy.  I find myself just driving there and waiting 30 minutes for take out.  Parking is terrible.   That said the food is awesome and I put up with bad service and parking blocks away.  This is my favorite chinese food Restuarant ever.  I make special trips over bridge and whenever in city consider ordering.  Back in the day when David was there often they were 5 stars all the way.  Highly recommend just know what to expect when it comes to service.
The food is great but customer service is horrible. The first time I went they stole my sisters phone. The second time they told a customer to shut up. The person who said it was the manager.
Before either of them had a TV show or even a comedy special worth mentioning, Louis C.K. opened for Jerry Seinfeld at a show in Boston. C.K. finished his set, thanked the crowd and introduced Seinfeld before adding, "he's the best comedian in the world." The second Seinfeld finished a set of newly-minted "what's the deal with..." jokes he made a beeline and cornered C.K.: "Don't fucking put pressure on a person like that."

Hype places an unsolicited burden on an art form before you experience it. Hype is an audience sitting with arms crossed and blank faces saying, "The best, huh? Let's see what you've got then, big shot." The problem is, Philly Mag introduced David's Mai Lai Wah as the best comedian in the world. More accurately, it said they were the best Chinese in Chinatown. Oh really, David's....?

One of the features here is the Chow fun. Chow fun is similar to chow mein, borrowing the same flavorings, meats, and includes additions like bamboo shoots and green onion. But even after adding satay to my dish I've still had pad That that was more exciting. The flavor of the chicken chow fun packs the punch of a gentle breeze and the satay adds the heat of a Little League World Series fastball.

The dumplings were good. The ginger puree was a refreshing touch, a nice change up from the typical garlic soy sauce. However, even for pan fried dumplings these were greasy and their yellow hue made me think they were egg dumplings. Not your typical potstickers, to be sure.

The sesame chicken didn't have that zesty kick to it and the chef Bogarted the extra heat I was promised. The flavors were dialed back to lame, though nicely absent were those pieces of fried dough that don't manage to cling to the chicken. For Ed Rendell, this would have been an example of the wussification of faux Chinese food. For me, it was an example of unmet expectations.
HORRIBLE!!!!!!

This place was highly recommended by my daughter's friend, only reason why we went here. 

Food: nothing special. Tasted like anything else I've ever had. 
Service: absolutely horrible. As we walked in the door, no one greeted us. 3 waiters looked at us so they obviously saw us but no one came over still. There was no sign to seat yourselves or wait to be seated so we asked some guys at a table and they said to wait to be seated and if you sat yourself, they'll prob treat you even worse. These guys prob got there a little before we did and hadn't even been brought water yet. So one guy comes over and seats us finally. He comes back and takes our drink order but the guys at the other table goes,"Really Man? We haven't even been brought water." So that same waiter stops talking to us, goes over to the other table and takes their drink order. That waiter says,"Sorry, I'm cook staff, I'm just helping out." 

No smiles from anyone the entire time we're there. As the waiter sets our food down, he kinda plops it down vs gently setting the plates down. It's an older guy, prob had it with food service and people but come on, do your f***ing job and smile while you're at it! 

Hubby's​ a big tipper so he tipped the minimum at least. If it were me, there'd be no tip!
As I write this review, I feel a deep ache in my heart, burning a whole, white it craves away for the General Tso's Shrimp and some noodles and Dumplings. Sigh.

Moving on. I went there, as one should first time, I guess [?]  2am, in NEED of food after many a drinks and a cab ride. Being in my current Pescatarian state and same goes for my friend, we ordered no meat [ i will not let you guys down, I will go back for the wings once I am done doing the 'no meat' thing] some kind of Spring roll, Pan Fried Shrimp Dumplings and Lobster Lo Mein. The star of the night though,  GENERAL TSO'S SHRIMP. OOOOH-MA-GAWD, the moment I put it in my mouth, I was done [ and my heart aches more]. The Lo Mein had great flavors, but next time I don't think I'll be ordering the Lobster one, sure Shrimp or Beef would taste better. The ginger thingy that comes with the Dumpling are incredible, totally opens up your other taste buds, kind of leading you to the next delicious thing. I don't seem to remember much about the Spring Rolls, other than they were very good, hmm...

I could see people whining about "bad customer service, my server was not attentive"  and as such, but seriously? This place is strictly food and I am their slave. It was like a late night Diner, but better, with Chinese food.
I love this place when I'm hungry late night and can time out my buzz correctly. The food is usually on point and at the time of night I'm there I couldn't really give a hoot about how good the service is.
Don't expect to eat or call in an order a half hour before they cLose. You'll starve on the lack of good intention.
Take a cab to Wawa instead.
Mai Lai Wah has 3 dishes that I could eat to the point of sickness:

1) Fried pork dumplings - These are made fresh in-house (often right out in the dining room where everybody can watch) and are just dangerous.  Juicy, chewy, and the salty ginger oil sauce that comes with them is a perfect counter.   

2) Salt and pepper squid - Delicious, deep-fried, salty, spicy (jalapeno slices - nothing crazy), perfectly chewy.  Just insanely good.

3) Choy-sum with oyster sauce - Just simply steamed Chinese greens with oyster sauce.  Order it with the above two items and you can lie to yourself about "everything in moderation".
I don't get how this place is usually full. Maybe it's cuz it's open so late all the time but...the food we tried were NOT good. 

We had a salt and pepper seafood delight, and a classic stir-fried pork/peppers dish. The former was greasy, under-flavored, and puny. The second one just tasted nothing like it should. 

The atmosphere was a bit rowdy at night, and service was negligible. Don't think we would come back even when desperate at night.
Alright, I don't usually write reviews, and barely ever write bad ones... but this, well... this might have been the worst meal I've ever had at a restaurant possibly ever.

I have a list that I started compiling in my head about half way through the meal when I decided this was just going too far. And now I will share with you the various inexcusable problems with this restaurant:

1. Walked in to the restaurant and was greeted by no one. The staff that did see myself and my date were uninterested and did not even say hello.
2. After waiting about five to ten minutes we were finally addressed and seated impatiently without any greeting.
3. Opening the menu, I noticed a sticky note that read: "MINIMUM TIP 15% PLEASE" which is obviously a blatant sign that all is not well in the Mai Lai Wah.
4. A random bus boy appeared out of no where and dropped tea and water glasses on our table. I said, "How's it going!" to him which received NO REPLY. He just walked away. This is not expediency, this is rude.
5. We waited a while and finally a waiter came over and asked us what we wanted to eat. I made an order and asked him if he thought that was enough food. He replied, "you can order more if you're still hungry." Not the best response since I was just trying to read the portions on the menu by asking him indirectly. Either way, not a great way to respond to someone. (More on this later)
6. The waiter didn't even ask if we wanted drinks.
7. When our dumplings finally arrived I was not very excited because at that point I realized we had not received any won ton chips. I looked around and every other table had a bowl of won ton chips. This isn't a huge deal, but just one of many problems.
8. The steamed dumplings were frozen. Nothing fresh about them. The were warm, but they were from a bag, without a doubt.
9. Our plate of dumplings was DROPPED onto our table rudely by a random guy. He put a mustard sauce thing next to the plate and didn't even tell us what it was.
10. I asked the random guy for more napkins and he didn't respond at all. Later he dropped napkins on our table.
11. THERE ARE MIRRORS EVERYWHERE. People are constantly looking at you and it is very bright. Not the best atmosphere, especially for drunk clientele which they specialize in.
12. There was absolutely no music playing, even though there were speakers all over the place.
13. No waiter approached us at any point to ask us if we wanted anything or even how our meal was.
14. The General Tso's Chicken I ordered was not what anyone would call 'chicken'. It was over-fried and previously frozen. It was HARD and had a styrofoam consistency at one point. It was SWEET and covered in a thick gooey glop of sugar. There was a cherry on the plate. I don't know why. Why would anyone want to eat a cherry covered in orange GLOP.
15. The pan-fried noodles were from a bag. The sign out front says NOODLE HOUSE so I don't know why we expected fresh noodles, but they sucked. They were covered in this weak slimy beef juice and the vegetables were steamed to hell with no flavor whatsoever. The beef mixed in was the fatty leftovers. Nothing of real consistency to be eaten on that entire plate.
16. We received no rice to accompany our meals. Everyone else had rice on their tables but us. No clue why we never got rice or chips.
17. The only time the bus boy talked to me was to take our dishes and ask if I wanted the check, which is quite rude. No waiter to ask how it was, or if we wanted more. The only time I saw the waiter again was when he passed by our table quickly and just looked at it and then walked away.
18. Our check came and all this mess cost us around 28 dollars. We were expected to tip 15%. I left the money and we walked out as fast as we could.

don't go here.

just don't.

i've been here in the past and it was passable and the food was okay. but this place has just gone way downhill. It's really not worth anyone's time or money. The staff looked overworked and underpaid. I have no idea how, since the turnover is extreme. They could easily afford to pay more staff, but for some reason don't. It's going to be the reason why this place eventually closes.
This is a tough place to rate. i like the food. it''s good and by food alone i would give it 4 stars. the reason for taking off another star is their phone rings incessantly and obnoxiously, while everyone walks by and ignores it. very very very annoying! After the second time i saw someone walk by and ignore it, i asked if they noticed the phone was ringing. He said "too busy here to answer." Some other tables laughed but he was serious. I asked if he could just mute it, or turn the phone off. ...nope. 

On to the food, I got the eggplant w/ garlic sauce. It's good. rice isn't included but definitely order rice with it. it's supposed to be spicy but wasn't at all. next time i 'll just ask if they can make it really spicy. 

looking forward to trying more menu items.
This was probably one of my fav experiences in philly! It was almost like an Asian Waffle House! We went around 2am and this place was booming with customers! We waited about 15 min for a seat and it was so worth it! The food was hot, fresh, and Soooooo GOOD! 

Cons: the service is trash. The waiters are so overwhelmed that they miss the charm and hospitality part. Also it can get really loud and busy from club goers in the AM.
I LOVE this place!!! Wow. The food is incredible. It's authentic, it's fresh, it's flavorful and it's sooo quick. You get your food in a few minutes! The won ton soup was perfect. It was just right. The fried noodles were fresh and crispy. I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed the food. 

The drinks were also very good. I had a martini and for being a restaurant, it was pretty darn good. Not to mention their prices are very fair. 

The atmosphere is nice. It's bright, cozy and warm. It's a fun place for groups or a cute date night. It's not intimate at all but you're getting the experience, it's not the place where you ask your new boyfriend what he thinks about gentrification. It's fun, it's noisy and it's good food. 

Just come here and enjoy it. It's worth it for sure.
Used to be good but has gone far downhill! Not only is the quality of food super bad now and overdue (good for a bite after a long night of drinks since you won't be able to tell!) , but there's nice droppings and roaches that hangs out with the diners. Their shrimp mayo and salt pepper squid were my faves, but for a better and cleaner experience, there's many other restaurants in Chinatown. Avoid this one
Well, what are you asking me, specifically?

Is this place worth going to at 3 in the morning, after you've pounded 10 beers, half as many shots of Jack, and are looking for some greasy redemption?

Well, then, yes. Emphatically, yes.

David's is the ultimate destination in post-binge-binging. They have pretty much every (American) Chinese (and real Chinese) dish you could think of in their menu. And my Chinese friends swear by this place because they order things on the secret "only for people who can speak Chinese and can defeat the White Lotus in mortal combat" menu, which doesn't actually exist. They just tell me "if there's something Chinese that you know about, and they have the ingredients (they do), they'll make it for you."

And it's all pretty good, even when you're sober. Pretty good - not exceptional, but absolutely worth the money you pay. I just want to be very clear that a lot of the 4 and 5 star reviews are probably for the convenience.

And wait... David's... you have... a LIQUOR license, too?! Oh, you tease. Though, to be honest, I've never ordered any liquor here after 2am. I mean, the whole point is that you go here, stop drinking, eat, and not die. Not dying is kind of a high priority at that hour when you hang out with me.

My only hang-up with this place is that service can be hit or miss. Sometimes, you get the people who are totally cool with dealing with my drunken douchiness on a Friday night/Saturday morning. Other times, you get the older Chinese guy, who gives you that "you dishonor your family" look when he sees you stumble in, and seats you without even saying two words to you. Minor speed bump. I still get my general's chicken piping hot.

Pro-tip:
Bad idea - staying at club for last 10 minutes when the lights come on and they start playing "Piano Man," just BECAUSE.

Good idea - leaving early to get a seat at David's Mai Lai Wah.

Seating is pretty quick if you get there soon after last call, but good luck if you stroll in at 2:45.
For years, I have gone to David's to pick up beer, when dining in Chinatown. Whenever I went to buy beer, the service was usually slow and I noticed that if you order a large amount of beer (about 20 bottles) you should double check the price that they quote you.  I once saw someone do this, and get charged a little bit more than they should have.  Despite that, they are one of the cheaper places to pick up a few bottles, if you're in Chinatown already. 

Fried dumplings are one of my absolute favorite things to eat.  If I could eat them once a week, it wouldn't be enough for me (although it might be too much for my arteries). Since people know I love fried dumplings so much, David's has been recommended to me on more than one occasion.  So, the other night in Chinatown I decided to try dinner at David's, partly in an attempt to get out of my rut and partly because I just saw "No Country For Old Men" and was making all of my decisions based on a coin toss.
 
I'm torn about my dining experience.  The service was fine. The restaurant is small, but it doesn't take away from anything. And the food was good.  So what could I possibly be upset about? The dumplings! Oh the dumplings! They just weren't all they cracked up to be. First of all, the filling is straight pork that tastes like it's 50% hotdog. Very generic. The wrappers were ok, but they were PAN FRIED. If a menu says "Fried" I expect my dumplings to be fried! Say they are pan fried on the menu and I won't bother ordering them! That said, it is neat that they are served with a ginger relish sort of thing.  However, it was cold, and I thought that was jarring with the hot temperature of the dumplings. 

Despite my lack of enthusiasm for the dumplings, the entrees we chose (via coin toss) were pretty good. The sauces weren't too thick or gluey and the flavors of the proteins really shone through. 

If I go back, it won't be for the dumplings, that's for sure. But, I'd be wiling to stop in for a small meal or a quick beer to go.
You're tanked. It's 2am. The idea of going to Little Pete's or Midtown IV are soul crushing. Where do you go to take your mob of drungry friends??

David's. Yes there are plenty of places in Chinatown open until 4am, but none serving food I crave when sober. The decor is typical of Chinatown, but that's part of the fun. The cocktail menu says "Bee feeder" instead of "Beefeater" and "AB solut". You get the idea. If you're adventurous order the Mai Tai. It's sickeningly sweet but ohh so good and efficient.

Of course, per everyone else's reviews, you must order the dumplings. I have tried and failed and recreating the ginger sauce. It's as if they're made out of pure magic. Everyone I know when mentioning David's goes straight to raving about them.

Let's talk about their other food. Not bad! The salt and pepper seafood is unreal, we go through at least one plate of them every visit, two if we have a large crowd. The soups are not inferno hot as they are in other Chinatown spots and the hot and sour is just the right amount of both hot and sour!

Seriously, go to David's sober or not. If you are drunk don't forget to act appropriately, I have witnessed those poor guys deal with some silly drunk fools.
Since I've never been to Philly by myself, and since I had an 8 hour layover at PHL, I decided to get some real food and tour around our nation's old capital.  Btw, I love it when yelp recommendations coincide with friend recommendations! 

Some of my philly friends swore by David's Mai Lai Wah for dumplings, and I definitely needed something easy to take back with me to the airport (Nan Zhou soup noodles would NOT make it through security). Got the fried dumplings: they had larger than usual wrappers, and the perfect blend of crispy and light. nom. Also, consulted yelp and got the salt and pepper chicken wings (didn't want to stink up the airport with salt and pepper squid). Perfectly crispy, and ever so tasty. My family stole half of the wings and dumplings from me at the airport, so they definitely passed their Chinese food test. 

I will definitely swing by here again next time I'm in Philly!
A typical American-Chinese joint.  That being said, the choices are extensive and the food is pretty good when you're looking for something late at night.  I think they are open till 2am or so.

They also have a limited bar with pretty cheap drinks.  I've been here more than a few times because it was the only place open after my boyfriend came home from work (at 11pm).  It's a guilty pleasure but i really like the salt and pepper squid. I also very much enjoyed the steamed whole stripped sea bass with ginger and scallion (market price: usually around $24 - the price is unlisted on the menu).

The servers know us and generally are very efficient.  The only problem I would have is the level of grease or oil in some of the food.  One time I ordered the buddha's delight (I make the traditional one for new year's) and it contained barely any of the signature ingredients of the dish (like gingko nuts, wood ear fungus, tofu, tofu skin, bamboo shoots, shiitake mushrooms, rice noodle, etc).  I think the one I got had maybe tofu and mushroom in it.  And it was loaded with grease - which it's not supposed to be!  

Still, it's a good late night place to grab a bite to eat, and from what I gather, the lunch menu is also very reasonable (I think less than $7)
Been wanting to try this place for years now, and I finally went tonight! Place is SO cramped and tight people kept bumping into me and knocking me over. Totally not worth the 45 minute wait for take out! Got the soup which was the best part of the order, pan fried dumplings, which were OK sauce was too greasy and had too much ginger, the mei fun was VERY bland and tasteless, and the wings were SUPER spicy and have not a trace of salt or pepper but a whole hell of a lot of jalapeno! I would not come here again for anything else except maybe the soup and that is pushing it! David, you didn't impress me!
Should be ZERO stars. The staff is shockingly rude. Who expects to walk into a restaurant & be ignored or barely serviced? There was no welcome or introduction. No explanation of the menu or the difference between the dinner menu & a la cart, although the waiter keep insisting that my husband order a la cart. After we placed our order, a couple came in after us, who were seated, given tea, water,
noodles & places their order. We ordered; general tso's chicken, shrimp fried rice, salt & pepper shrimp, shrimp egg rolls (there was not one shrimp in one of the egg rolls) & egg drop soup. The fried rice was clearly burnt, even had the burnt smell when it reached the table. The other food was just as horrible. Our neighborhood Chinese store's food is 100% better for half the cost. Throughout our meal, our water was not refilled. No one came to check to see how we were doing. We barely ate any of the food. We asked for the check. A different waiter came to box up the food we left, we said we didn't want it & he bagged it anyway. Paid the tab
of over $50 without a tip. Walking out of the door, the box handling waiter called out to my husband..."Aye, no tip!"  Can you imagine??? My husband said no! The waiter then said, "next time no one will take your order". WHY would he think we'd ever go back!! Anyone who enjoys this food must not have ever had a good meal or you are too intoxicated to know any different.
Yes, yes and yes!!! Been coming to this place since highschool, you know all the clubbing days. I normally don't come to this place unless its pass 2am. Because that's when the club end and my friends and I are hungry from all the dancing. Now I'm married with two kids and I still come here at midnight after my husband and I talked about food for hours! The waiters here are not very friendly but they are very efficient. Hey, I'm not here to make friends as long as the food are delicious!
David, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up, David. The clouds are lifting. The sun is breaking through. We are coming out of the darkness into the light. We are coming into a new world, a foodie world, where men will rise above their Michelin Stars, their greed and snobbery. Look up, David. The stomachs of man has been given filled, and at last he is eating at 3am. He is eating salt and pepper squids-- jumping in to seafood corn chowder of hope, in to a better Chinese restaurant, the glorious future that you created belongs to me and to all of us. Look up, David. Look up.
This is what you call a late night delight. You must order the Hong Kong wonton soup, pan fried dumplings, salt and peppered squid, and the beef chow fun. Trust me order these four delicious dish and you will go home happy.
Ever stumble around town drunk after an awesome night of partying thinking all you need now is some food to balance all the drinks you've had tonight?  Or you've worked up an appetite from all that dancing? 

Well, Mai Lai Wah's got your back!  AND you can have another drink there to keep the buzz going.

I arrived there the other night around 2am, and the place was packed with party-goers.  It was cramped...they're not trying to score any points for ambiance...just GOOD and cheap food!  The 4 stars are based on a late-night appetite after a few drinks with friends.
Almost at the bottom of the barrel for Chinese food, David. Seriously. 

I used to come here often a few years ago during my clubbin' days. David's Mai Lai Wah is one of the few restaurants that open until 4am. Now that those days are behind me, I haven't gone back in a while until recently. 

After seeing The Weeknd in concert (it was lit btw), my friends & I decided to stop by Mai Lai Wah for a late night dinner. We ordered Fried Dumplings, Sweet & Sour Pork. Mayo Shrimp, Salt & Pepper Wings, & lastly, Salt & Pepper Squid.

The portions have gotten smaller. The Fried Dumplings were average. The Sweet & Sour Pork only came with about 6-8 small pieces. It was good, but not enough for a dish that costs $9. The Mayo Shrimp was good & the portion didn't decrease too much thankfully. The Salt & Pepper Wings were really dry, but it used to be so good! :( The biggest disappointment was the Salt & Pepper Squid. It was literally 99% breading & like 2 small paper thin pieces of squid. It was horrible. 

Can't expect good service here, but the food however, sucked when it used to be pretty decent. I'm definitely not coming back here again. Bye Felicia, I mean David.
Whenever I go to Chinatown or just in the mood for salt and pepper style I come here! I've been coming here since I was a kid! Love their food!
BE AWARE: there were numerous BUGS in my food. I ordered shrimp & broccoli & the bugs looked like they were cooked with the good. NEVER AGAIN. I was pregnant at the time too.  They don't care bc ppl are drunk n seem to not pay attention to what's going on with there food. BE CAREFUL IM WARNING YOU
The go-to spot after any late night shinanigan. Open until 4AM, so you have plenty of time to make your way over when you get out of the bar/club/lounge around 2AM.

Usually crowded, but I never had an issue while waiting for a table. Mai Lai Wah always has their staff on the hustle and bustle since it gets pretty packed late night. But this in no way affects the quality of the food. I don't know how they do it, but with a full restaurant, we always seem to get about 5 orders on the table in less than ten minutes. Amazing.

I must say, they have the best fried dumplings. Always a must when I'm there. The garlic sauce that comes with it is super greasy. PERFECT! Just add some of that, a little red peppers, and soy sauce and you'll see why I love the fried dumplings. Other favorites include salt pepper squid, salt pepper chicken wings, beef pan fried noodles, and half duck. 

Every late night Philly head should check out the place sometime. I'll probably be there. Say hi.
Tl;dr
Salt and pepper wings are delicious drunk food
Place has BUGS
Other food is crap at best. 

Came here after work for a quick and easy dinner with a coworker. We didn't want anything special, just a place to sit down and eat and clear our minds from a long day at work. We came on the suggestion of my coworker that David's had some of the best wings in the city. The salt and pepper chicken wings, though overpriced, really hit the spot and I can see the appeal after a long night of drinking of sinking your teeth into this salty and savoury piece of chicken. Were the wings worth it? After a nights out and you want to consider to hate yourself later to satisfy your present state, I'd say go for it. I'd contribute it to drinking coffee in the morning it's a short period of satisfaction before a major crash later on. Try it at least once it's worth it for that much. But you could do better (pro tip: you can get good chicken wings from literally any other place in Chinatown, just ask and they can probably whip you something like it. Think of it like a secret menu at most places. They just don't have an article attached to it like David's does.) 

The rest of the experience, not so much. David's is just a regular fake Chinese restaurant that benefits from their prime location in Chinatown. The place is filthy, when I first got seated, there was a stink bug that ran across my table. If that wasn't a cause for concern I don't know what is. 

The other food I got was mediocre really bad chicken, pork and oily wonton skins that make you feel like you would have had a healthier meal at the cheesecake factory, eating cheesecake for your dinner. Please avoid this place if you have any standards for the quality of food you're expected to receive in Chinatown, or the sanitation level you expect from any restaurant decent or not. I can give you a pass if you are impaired and have poor judgment, happens to the best of us.
Service was extremely slow. I was contemplating if I should volunteer my services in the kitchen. Cmon it isn't that hard to heat up a wok and fry up some food. 

The food is decent but the service isn't worth coming here.
I tried the beef chow fun, lobster fried rice, pea shoots in garlic and peking pork chops. Everything was average and nothing stood out.
My Chinese roommate led us into Chinatown for some "authentic Chinese food" and this is where she took us. She said "service is awful, food is good" which just about hits the nail on the head. I would recommend this place for take-out, definitely not for eating in. 

When I sat down, I felt like I was sharing a meal with the two people at the table next to me because we were basically touching elbows. The dining room has probably about 20 tables in it, and I'm pretty sure one guy serves all the tables. I mean if you're going to have one server you better make sure he can understand Chinese as well as English pretty well and move quickly but that was not the case. We waited around for about 20 minutes before we eventually got frustrated with waiting for him to come take out order that we actually got up and said "Can you please take our order now?" Then, the appetizer plate i was given was fithy, but I couldn't get him over to our side of the dining room to ask for a new one because he was busy tending to like 15 other tables. When the food finally came out, it looked great, but we needed knives and they only set the table with forks and spoons. My party asked on 3 separate occasions for knives and kept getting an annoyed "OK" response but low and behold we never got any knives. Cutting beef with a spoon isn't fun, people. 

Once again... Takeout would be ideal for this place. If you're looking for something different or beyond the normal Chinese take out though, then this place isn't anything special.
Old late-night standby...we meet again. There may be one daytime hours visit here, maaaybe one...but usually we come a-calling after last call hours, or when we're coming home, returning to the city late after being out of town, or something like that. David's Mai Lai Wah hits that kind of spot; the hankering for crispy, juicy wings and tasty noodles spot. That David's is open deep in the night with these dishes, we became acquainted. That I'm keen on that sort of thing keeps me coming back. 

Open until 3 AM, 4 AM weeknights, I like knowing that this diner-feeling Chinese joint is there with Tsingtaos, salt & pepper chicken wings, and Singapore noodles ordered extra extra extra spicy. I appreciate you, David's, I do.
A stupid ex-bf introduced me to David's many moons ago, and even though I have many horrible memories of going there with his Chinese family, I somehow manage to stow away those memories deep into the depths of my brain, and head to David's for my usual dishes of salt & pepper squid, beef chow fun, and dumplings with the ridiculous ginger scallion sauce.

That ginger scallion sauce is magic: it heals all wounds AND makes the stomach very, very happy.
I come here so much that they don't even ask me what I want anymore, they just bring it out. 

All kidding aside, this is my favorite late night Chinatown spot in Philadelphia, and it looks like I'm not the only one. If you're coming on a weekend night expect to see it packed with people straight from the clubs, which can be annoying, but then again hopefull you're also drunk to numb the pain.

I usually stick with the regulars like garlic chicken, beef pan fried noodles, shrimp with walnut, beef with tomato, salt pepper chicken (or seafood) and the chicken corn soup... but that's just if I'm hungry. 

I'm sort of kidding.
I don't expect stellar service coming from a restaurant in Chinatown, but David's Mai Lai Wah is far beyond unacceptable.

I gave this place TWO CHANCES. 

First encounter: My boyfriend and I came here because this was probably the only restaurant that was still open after midnight. I've never even tried this place because it looks so shady from the outside, and even worse on the inside. If it wasn't for my parent's hungry tummies, I would've never stepped foot in this place. Anyways, it was sort of packed and it appears that they were short on staff. We were waiting patiently at the counter, ready to place an order. After ten minutes, one of the servers finally acknowledges our existence, but then IGNORE US and continues to wait on other tables, answer phone calls, and pack take-outs. We finally decided to leave because we didn't want to wait any longer.

Last encounter: My boyfriend and I came here again for the same reason. Late night. Parent's hungry tummies equals crankiness. This time, it was a slow night and the server was at the counter when we arrived. However, that S.O.B just completely ignored us. He walked to the back to pack some take-outs, AND when the phone rang, he walked back to the counter and answered the phone, took the order, and proceeded to walk back to the kitchen without even taking mine when I'm RIGHT THERE. I gave my boyfriend that "EFF THIS POOPIE" look and walked out.

This place is a disgrace. Obviously, the servers are not "people persons" and if the service is that atrocious, I could imagine how they handle the food. 

AVOID!
I can't believe this place only has 3 1/2 stars. This is hands down the best Chinese restaurant I've found in Philadelphia in terms of how the food tastes. (Isn't that the main point of a restaurant anyway??)

I'm a very picky eater, and I've never had a single dish here that I didn't like. The fried rice and salt and pepper squid are especially awesome. The salt and pepper squid is seasoned just right - not too salty. The fried rice is delicious, and it's obvious they made it themselves. They put bean sprouts and green onions in it - you won't find any of that gross pre-packaged frozen rice with peas and carrots here. Other dishes I've tried (that I can remember) are the salt and pepper soft shell crab (that was not bad, but not too exciting either - I'd skip it in favor of something else), and some shredded beef dish. I almost never order meat dishes because I hate the feeling of inadvertently biting into a disguised piece of fat or gristle. That is enough to ruin an entire meal for me. So, beef is not something I would normally order, but I tried it, and it turned out to be quite lean and well prepared - excellent!

No, it's not a very upscale restaurant, and the waitstaff isn't friendly. Don't ask them for a recommendation on what to order - you won't get one. (Not that it matters, because like I said, everything is delicious anyway.) I think it might be cash only as well, which is a bit inconvenient. But the food here is so good that all that stuff really doesn't matter. Plus, they're open until 2 or 3 AM - awesome! Now if only they would deliver...
Ordered the salt and pepper wings which were very flavorful and delicious, but a bit dry. Also ordered the chicken lo mein. It was delicious and they give you plenty but nothing special. Next time I will try the salt and pepper shrimp, and honey walnut shrimp. Went in person to place my order bc it was hard to get them on the phone
This place was good but not great. Came to David's with a few friends because we're on a wing tour around China Town. We got their famous dry rub spice wings and they were good, but didn't blow my mind. Wings were a decent size but I have had better. 

We also tried out their shrimp egg roll and that was pretty good but not great as well. The staff is Friendly, the price was just right. I would come back but it would not be my first choice. Check it out and let me know what you think.  :-)
In Philadelphia, if you are up late at night and hungry you have Checkers, random diners, or Pat's steaks....or of course: This Place. The best late night food around. It is your typical Chinese food restaurant, except it is tastier.....much tastier. 

Go with a group and share because ordering entrees by yourself ends up with too much food.
As a late night spot to grab some eats, this place is pretty darn good. It's an above average chinatown restaurant to begin with, so it stands up pretty well compared to other late night options.  I usually get a salty fish and chicken fried rice with some mapo tofu and salt and pepper pork.  Of course, anything that comes in a clay pot (or hot pot) is pretty mouth watering also. 

I've never been there during normal hours and I'm usually pretty tipsy (or tired) when I get there so I guess there's a chance it's not as good as I think... but I doubt it.
Why do I keep seeing the reviews about great tasting chicken wings and beef and wonton noodle soup ? It's not! I came here on 4 different occasions to make sure that It was just bad batch of chefs or food. Came here twice for dinner and twice around 2:15am. The service is awful, not friendly server at all. Of all the 4 times the chicken was bland! I can't even taste the pepper. The broth on the wonton soup is like water with salt. Even the shrimp... Bland, and chewy. Again.. 4 times that I tried..my friends can back this review up it needed. I even gave a crazy amount of tip on one of the occasions to see if that server will remember me and probably serve me right. No luck.. That's it, I'm done with this place.
order: salt and pepper chicken wings, snow pea leaves in garlic, eggplant

very busy starting at 11 pm
Sadly , those two stars are for the two delicious Long Island Iced Teas . 
I ended up here after my wife raved about how they used to be her family go to spot late night . After reading endless bad reviews , I gave it a chance anyway . I was surprised that the inside was so outdated . We were told to sit where we would like , considering the place is small . We sat & were given a very basic menu . We made the mistake of asking if they had anything similar to a teriyaki sauce . We were given attitude & smart remarks . Whoops . I guess I should educate myself on the different cultures . Anyway , we opted for the chicken and broccoli with white rice . I asked for 2 orders .... Well, we were given 1 with 2 plates . Confused , we asked if that was our 2 orders . She claimed to have forgotten , so we took an order to go . The food was simple but good . I liked the crushed red pepper sauce . Over all ... the drinks are enough to bring me back . 
Next time , we'll have to try those salt & pepper wings everyone talks about .
I don't know why i have to go back here...
They definitely don't know how to cook! Overly soy sauce
Schezuan mistakenly with sweet and sour dish
Fried rice is bland
They rush you eating 
White rice $2.50 each
Budha delight taste and look awful
I'd rather choose jade harbor or wong2 better
This place is disgusting ! They treat black customers like scum more importantly the food taste old and soapy ! Went after the bar and found a bug in my food ! Manager never asked or follow up
With our concern and waiter was extremely rude . When she greeted us she said "what y'all want". Don't eat here !!
David's has great food. Fresh and delicious. The services is lack luster but eh. 
I love the fries rice and the Walnut Shrimp! Omg the Walnut shrimp is amazing. 

The duck is really good too. Best of all David's is open till 3am do it is great after a night of partying. But I'm older now so the late night crowd can be a little annoying. But it's still one of my favorites.
Disclaimer: The 3 stars has NOTHING to do with the food. My go to order for my family and I is the salt and pepper shrimp, salt and pepper chicken and chicken fried rice nothing else and the salt and pepper shrimp are my ABSOLUTE fav meal I usually eat an order to myself. I could probably eat them everyday if I wasn't concerned about high salt content. 
Anyways, my 3 stars are solely because the customer service is horrible I thought at first it was a cultural thing you know, the strictness and short flat temperament of the staff but now I just think they're mean. One time in 2019 they were closed for a while and I felt like every time I went for food they were closed so once I caught them open and went in I attempted to have small talk with a waiter asking "hey you guys have been closed for a while what happened?" And I was bluntly told "you have break right?!" So rude in my opinion I was excited to be a patron again just to be put in my place I guess you can say. We are nothing more than cash flow to them and I feel bad saying this because I'll continue to be a customer because of that salt and pepper recipe  So for the maybe more sensitive folk who want to feel valued where they spend money BEWARE the chances of a friendly interaction are little to none staff wise. 
Oh and they stay open late so this is an after the club hit. Maybe the late nights aggravate them idk.
So my brother and I decided to drop in this place after walking around Chinatown. The place was fairly small but quiet on the day we went. I ordered the pan fried vegetable dumplings and the general tsos bean curd. My brother got the wings.

Our service was horrible. The guy barely stopped at our table. The pan fried dumplings were bland and greasy and the sauce was very oily. 

My brother got his wings which did not come with jalapenos. My general tsos had no rice. And we sat there waiting for service.

Also the waiter did not bring the fried wonton or duck sauce over for appetizer. I will never come here again.
Zero stars!! Greedy, selfish & terrible service. 
I don't understand how it works here but customer service is supposed to put the customer first. 
My friend and I literally waited patiently for 30 minutes only for people to buss in front of us and be seated before. VERY unorganized and horrible service. Then they yelled at us to get up & leave after we sat down. They're food is not worth it and they need a reality check on how to treat people who PAY & TRAVEL to have your food. Also, who runs this place? How can they never think to expand after seeing people stuffed at the door OR hire better staff who actually acknowledges you. Also did I mention?UNSANITARY. Roach on my table the very first visit. Of course I pretend like I didn't just witness that in a restaurant! Really, how is this place still running? Never returning ever again!
This place is #1 in both terrible service and utter rudeness. Our goal was simply to order food at the host station and take it to go. The entire process, 1/2 of which was time spent trying to get someone to recognize us, took 50 minutes. The restaurant was not busy (only 5 tables occupied) and it appeared at times as though the staff was intentionally trying to ignore us and most of the other customers that were waiting. The Asian customers were getting attention and being treated with respect while all but one of our group and others waiting at the host station were black. It felt racial, especially when the arrogant employee finally took our order. He had an attitude and clearly didn't want to help us. He reluctantly took our order and after another ~25" we were on our way. Not cool.
The food here was only okay... everything was edible but mediocre. 

I tried fried chicken wings (overcooked) & sauteed pea shoots.

There's definitely better Chinese food to be had in Chinatown.
