I know everyone's all about the classic Philly brunch spots like Sabrinas, Green Eggs, Cafe Lift, etc., but Day by Day is slowly beating out its competition in my book! Mostly because I live on the same street. But the food is also really good! The coffee is rich and bottomless, and the banana bread french toast is one of my favorites - if you like dense. sweet banana bread, this is the dish for you! It's crispy on the outside, hot and bready on in the inside, and seriously made to perfection. If you're more of a savory bunch person, their omelets are great also! My parents love eating here when they visit because its close by and got a homey feel, and they always opt for the salmon and and spinach/tomato omelets. I'd advise making a reservation or be prepared for a bit of a wait!
After months of saying I was going to try Day by Day, that plan finally came to fruition last Saturday morning after the Undy 5000. The restaurant was bright and sunny, and kind of like a modern day diner. 

Since Christopher R raved about the cinnamon buns, we decided to order one and share it between four people. How we achieved this without an epic battle of forks is still a mystery. The bun was soft and cinnamon-y, with just the right amount of sweetness from the delectable icing. 

Katrina's huevos rancheros looked amazing, and it was a huge serving that she couldn't even finish. Vinny was also quite happy with his smoked salmon omelet. Art had mixed feelings on his eggs over chorizo and sweet potato hash, while I found my egg white omelet and homefries to be just right. 

I returned a few days later for lunch and once again ordered an egg white omelet. I would have been pleased as punch had it not been for the undercooked eggs. I didn't even notice it until I got towards the center of the omelet, so I was already halfway through at that point. I picked around the runny areas but it was definitely a turnoff. Meanwhile, my friend's chicken sandwich and pasta salad looked awesome. 

This isn't going to become my go-to weekend brunch spot, but I do expect it to become part of the weekday lunch rotation.
I heard wonderful things about this restaurant, but I have to disagree. I've been here several times for brunch and each time my eggs (omelettes) have been runny. I'm not saying they were a little jiggly, they were full on gooey & falling apart. My potatoes were coated in heavy grease & tons of rosemary. The bread is the saving grace of the place, although I have to say the waffles are sub-par.

If you go before 11 am it shouldn't be too tough to get in.
Day By Day is hands down one of the most popular weekend brunch destinations in Rittenhouse. They don't take reservations so there's almost always a line, especially when it's warm outside. They are open for brunch on Friday mornings so if you get a chance to visit on a Friday there's never a wait.

Although planted in the middle of the city, Day By Day has a somewhat hometown diner vibe to it. Complete with carpeted floors, wood tables and thick porcelain coffee mugs, this place certainly brings me back to childhood memories at our local diner. 

Despite the somewhat low-key aesthetic, the food here is definitely pricier than your typical diner food. Brunch dishes range in price from $10-$15, though you do get a good amount of food! Breakfast favorites include the potato pancake eggs benedict and the Big Breakfast if you're extra hungry. 

All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed Day By Day and will definitely be back again for brunch!
Only about a 35 minute wait before getting seated and ordering on a Sunday brunch morning. Our waiter was a mild mannered guy who was pleasant and accommodating. As usual the place was full to capacity with a wait but it was not exceptionally loud as it has been in the past when I dined here. Upon ordering drinks and returning with them we quickly ordered.

My guy got the buttermilk pancakes and fruit salad, with an assortment of melons......... Me, I got the crab and scallop quiche with 2 sides, mixed green salad and rosemary potatoes. Took about 15 minutes for our order to be ready for devour-ment (clearly not a real word).

Well, the waiter (who was not our waiter) brought the pancakes to the table as well as the side mixed green salad. As I was about to eat the salad he brings over the quiche with a small salad plated with it. So, I said "Wow, the waiter didn't tell me there was a salad with the quiche or I wouldn't have order this one. In an unwarranted manner, way toooooooo much attitude and snarky, he said , "Well did you ask him if a salad came with it?" I looked at him in disbelief and my tongue was very close to a lashing of the tall brunette with a beard and mustache but I had to realize who was the server and who was the paying, vocal customer... No match... 

Since I was once a waitress, I always gave respect and always ensured if service is good I tip wait staff well because I know about the wages they make. Although ruffled, I realized this guy was not even my waiter. Once our waiter returned I advised him what happened. He was apologetic and stated he forgot to tell me it came with a salad since it was not written anywhere. I respected him telling me he forgot.  No harm, No foul. I tipped him well and left without complaining any higher.

But I have an memory like an elephant and if I ever return here and the bearded wonder is my waiter, he will not get one cent from me no matter how well his serve is. You get one chance to be rude to me,I don't do sloppy seconds.

The food overall was just okay on this visit. Quiche was somewhat dry with an overdone crust. Rosemary potatoes were slightly overcooked but edible. Maybe another visit may yield better results. Pancakes were good, large, light and airy. 

A restaurant's experience encompasses the food, the customer service, the service and the ambiance. on this visit, 50%
This place looked really solid for Sunday Brunch so I had it bookmarked to try with the lovely wife.  Low and behold a friend and business associate invited me to lunch on a Thursday.  

We showed up as they opened (11:30) and grabbed a two-top in the window. I would call seating here normal.  Not spacious, not tight, just regular.  Our waitress was quick to show up for our drink order and quick to deliver them. BTW; no alcohol here, just softer drinks. Throughout our stay the CUSTOMER SERVICE was excellent.  No problems at all.

There is a giant blackboard on the wall with specials and most of the usual small menu. Your waitress will also hand you a hard copy.  I would call the food here lighter fare.  You don't come here for a cheesesteak, or pasta with red sauce, or a jumbo carnivore pizza.  You do come here for delicious sandwiches and sides.  There is a burger on the menu and they will even add a fried egg and call it a Brunch Burger ($12).  Don't expect fries with that here.

I ordered a Turkey, Avocado, Bacon wrap with Chipotle Mayo for $9.  Instead of potato salad I paid an extra buck and substituted a small green salad.  It was all delicious!

My friend ordered an Avocado & Havarti Sandwich with cucumbers and tomatoes on black bread for $8.50.  It looked incredible and he declared it exceptional.

Just a note on the popularity of these folks- By 12:30 PM on a Thursday it was packed solid with people spilling out the door.  LESSON LEARNED; go early or be prepared to wait.

This is a great place to grab a lite very fresh tasting lunch and not need a nap afterwards!
THIS IS ONE OF MY GO-TO BRUNCH SPOTS!! For the reason of Poor Customer Service, lost a star with me. We went with bigger group, 5 of us, not that much bigger, during prime time is was packed. The servers were SO overwhelmed, You would think they are used to the Peak time of it being busy, Nope!! Our party must have asked 3-4 times for refill on coffee, water, some of them didn't get rest of their entree. It was awful. WTH?? I usually love this place, but one star less for me, better step it up , got great products, service falls short, wont be returning, so will alot of patrons. By the way I got special-Challal french toast, tiramisu with marscapone & expresso -Mmm-mmm good!!
if you want fresh, simple, classic breakfast, brunch and lunch foods with a bit of an interesting, this is your spot. hands down, my fave brunch spot. everything about this place is unpretentious and lovely - the decor, the food, the service staff. in short, a great way to start off a relaxing weekend.

and BTW, they have brunch available on fridays now. so if you've got a hankering for some delicious eggs benny or challah french toast, you take your lunch break and you head straight to day by day and you get some! 

what i love most about this place is that there are always always at least 4 things that i want to order off the menu. and if i'm being honest, i'll usually figure out a way to order at least 2 of those things, then totally overeat. 

one of my favorites is the chorizo and sweet potato hash dish. this is normally a special, but i really hope they add this to the regular menu. it's perfectly sized cubes of sweet potato hash cooked in with crumbly flavorful chorizo, topped with 2 fried eggs, over easy and served with toast that you use to sop up the egg-y hash mixture. amazing combo of sweet salty and in my opinion, brunch perfection. 

stuffed challah french toast 
the stuffing is usually a mixed fruit option and it changes weekly. whatever the choice, the result is always HUGE fluffy french toast with crispy edges, soft pillowy insides and fruit syrupy (but not too sweet) topping that is just decadent and sinfully amazing. 

blt w/horseradish mayo + fried egg 
this is one of the dishes that won me over on my first trip to day by day. perfect thick cut bacon, fresh lettuce and tomato, over easy fried egg, sandwiched between black bread, with a generous schmear of horseradish mayo... when you bite into this most likely dripping, crunchy, lush sandwich, you'll be in heaven. you will most definitely ignore the pleas of those sitting with you that want a bite. because it's that good that you don't want to share. 

poached egges florentine: eggs over spinach + mushrooms + shallots + roasted potatoes w/hollandaise sauce 
this is one of my favorite eggs florentine variations. served in a bowl with all that goodness layered on top of the roasted potatoes, once mixed, it becomes like this sort of hash that is just ridiculously good. i think it might be due to the fact that the roasted potatoes at day by day are the best around. they roast them with rosemary and thyme (i think) ... and something else magical because they are unbelievable. super crispy edges. 

other mentions of must-trys: huevos rancheros, potato pancakes, and pretty much ALL their specials.
Terrible experience, will never go back due to the way we were treated! I have never had this experience at a restaurant even in Chicago where we are from. My sister lives in Philadelphia and she was appalled at the way the owner Robin Barg treated us. 
We were told there was a 30 minute wait. My husband and I were waiting for the table while my sister was still on her way. The table was ready in 10 minutes so we sat down knowing she was going to arrive shortly. 
Robin came to the table 3 minutes later asking where our 3rd person is and next time we should not take the table if we are not all there, because she could have sat someone else. We said she will be here in a few minutes, then she proceeded to tell us that we can write a bad yelp review if we want, but that we should not have taken the table because it throws everything off and the waiter has to keep checking on us.
Then five minutes later again she came back and said "ok guys, what's going on?" My husband and I had ordered juice and coffee and assured her that she will arrive any minute. I asked her what the difference is if we needed extra time looking at the menu or decided to stay longer after our meal to converse. Would we be forced to leave? Meanwhile a table of 6 left and the few people that were waiting were able to get seated. She made us feel so uncomfortable and we couldn't possibly stay to eat and have a good experience after that. Just as we decided to leave because we couldn't believe the way she was treating us, my sister walked in! 
So after only 7-10 minutes, we were harassed twice! Another couple heard what happened and walked out with us and said they would never return. 
My sister will never go back or recommend it. Even from a previous experience she had saying that the food was just ok and the portions were extremely small.
Moms.

I'd imagine that everyone who works in the kitchen is a mom at this restaurant.  I know that this is an absurd thing to imagine, but the food definitely tastes like it was made by moms.  They are all back there, talking about how proud they are of their kids, while creating good, wholesome food.

If you want a delicious brunch that tastes like it was made by a team of moms who really care about you(because you don't have one living with you anymore because you are a goddamned adult), then Day by Day is a great choice.

Their poached eggs florentine and potato pancakes benedict taste like they were made with a lot of care and you should eat them.  The stuffed challah french toast is next on my list of items to consume at this establishment.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Under Siege.
Wow Wow Wow

I came here after running my first 5k and the lot of us were able to snag a table for 4.  We had been prepped on something to try so we got one of their cinnamon buns as a brunch appetizer.

Best decision ever.  This thing was outrageously good.

I can't speak for the other meals at the table but my smoked salmon and caramelized onion omelet with dill sour cream was heavenly.  The rosemary red potatoes were crispy and perfect.  The service was on point and I think this spot was seriously delicious.

I'll be back, very soon.
Get your Jew on! It can get a little loud, but they have an awesome brunch - I absolutely loved the latkes Benedict::  Hollandaise - poached egg - smoked salmon - latke (potato pancake). 

The stuffed challah French toast was also excellent but large enough for 2 people. It was also sweet overload - you should order coffee at least, if not home fries or bacon; it needs some savory to cut the sweet.
A very long overdue review for a fantastic catering crew for my wedding.  First of all, Stephen was the only caterer rep to say he was excited to cater a brunch wedding.  EXCITED!  He invited my fiancée and I in for brunch (on the house) to sample their goods and we were sold! (The Challah French Toast - dare I say better than Sabrina's?!)

 Working with a small budget, Stephen worked within my limitations and with my Martha Stewart ideas.  Leading up to the event, Stephen was organized and helpful. Day of the event, the food was scrumptious, the drinks amazing, the staff friendly. Most importantly, he made my mother feel important and had hot sauce for her ;) Highly recommend their catering- reasonable prices, excellent customer service and delicious food - my guests could not stop raving about the food!!
If the huevos rancheros had featured refried beans I'll bet they'd have been at least a star's worth more satisfying. Such as they were, with under seasoned black beans, they did not register above A-OK.

Four of us shared a bowl of the stuffed bananas foster French toast and it was way over the top. We ended up leaving it half-finished. If this dish can't make your blood glucose levels skyrocket, I don't know what can. One of my dining companions order the salmon and whitefish platter and complained of the slightly sweet tasting whitefish and that the smoked salmon was lacking smokiness. I did not taste to verify his claims.

Mostly though, Day by Day made me long for the gratifying goodness served up at Honey's Sit 'n Eat, Philadelphia's preeminent brunch establishment.
tl;dr a low-key Rittenhouse brunchery serving up American breakfast classics typically with an innovative twist

Day By Day is the ugly step-child of the Philly brunch scene -- Green Eggs, Sabrina's, and Honey's always seem to overshadow this cozy neighborhood joint. But Day By Day bucks its under-the-radar status by delivering a surprisingly pleasant brunch.

Day By Day channels minimalistic, mom-and-pop vibes, with creamy yellow walls and worn-in wooden furnishings. A number of two-, four-, and six-seater tables are bunched into the square space. The broad windows of this corner spot let in a wave of natural light, accentuated by the huge mirror on the back wall. A floor-to-ceiling blackboard is the focal point of the walls, and the daily specials are all colorfully chalked in.

During my last visit, my partner and I arrived by 10:30AM and there already was a wait. After about 15 minutes, we were escorted to our table. Our waitress was wonderful, but the hosts (who occasionally came by to fill up water or bus the table) acted disinterested and somewhat rude.

The food Day by Day cooks up is consistently good, but never over-the-top. This visit, my partner and I opted for the Pastry Basket, the Blueberry Corncakes, and the Butternut Squash Omelet. The former was a steal for $10, and our basket was filled to the brim with a variety of treats -- think raspberry-cream cheese coffee cake, moist lemon-blackberry bundt, and a chocolate-strawberry muffin. The three-stack of corncakes were cooked with a generous helping of blueberries, then doused with a sweet compote. I found the cornmeal to be a more interesting, savory flavor than the typical buttermilk pancakes of classic American brunch. Finally, although our omelet was stuffed to the brim with butternut squash, gruyere cheese, and caramelized onions, the dish did not feel heavy in my stomach. The sweetness of the onions and squash was nicely complemented by the pungently umami gruyere. My only gripe is that the side of home fries was bland and soggy.

Again, while our meal didn't knock my socks off, it was nice to escape the hour-long queues of Philly's mainstream. Don't sleep on Day By Day -- with brunch feeling more like a contact sport with each passing week, this bistro adds a subtly delightful option to your breakfast repertoire.
Buhbye Spot! 

I've been eating substandard lunch fare for awhile now because not much delivers. Well if you call before 2pm, day by dy delivers with no minimum! 

I had a yummy turkey sandwich on a croissant with honey mustard. All sandwiches come with their yumalicious red bliss potato salad.

My friend raves about their tuna melt, but had the amazing fig toss salad today.

we are planning brunch soon!
Fun fact: if you show them your yelp review you get a free muffin! And they're delicious...
This place is simple and no frills, they serve quality food in heaping portions, check all the different french toast options.  When we went for Sunday brunch it was packed, but the service was still friendly and pretty fast.  The french toast seemed to be one of the most ordered dishes, but we all got eggs.  My egg florentine with spinach, mushroom, potatoes, and hollandaise was decadent and my friends seemed equally pleased with the spinach and endive quiche and huevos rancheros that they ordered.

A nice place for a chill brunch.
Our daughter is living in Center City while at Grad school and she loves Day By Day. We came in for brunch on a Sunday to giver her a break from studying. We arrived around 1:00 PM and we were told we had a 20-minute wait. No problem, they took our name and told us they would text us when our table was ready. It was a chilly but sunny Sunday, so we walked around a bit and explored the neighborhood.

We were seated in about 30 minutes, which again was OK. Fortunately none of us were overly hangry.  We did an advance look at the menu and specials and we were ready to order upon being seated. Unfortunately, they were sold out of my daughter's favorite item, the Sweet Potato and Chorizo hash. That threw a cat amongst the pigeons, as my wife and daughter had to frantically review the menu to place our orders. We settled on the Challah French French Toast Special and Potato Pancake Benedict.

The Challah French Toast was stuffed with bananas and peanut butter with bacon and a caramel sauce. It was surprisingly not too sweet and we didn't use any syrup.  It had some great flavors but I wish there was just a little more bacon. It was filling but still very good. The Potato Pancake Benedict was excellent. My daughter substituted Canadian bacon for the salmon.  We really liked this dish and it was savory and light.

Day-by-Day serves La Colombe coffee with free refills. Our server was fantastic and attentive. The entire staff was very pleasant and efficient our check was about $45.00 for 3 dishes, 1 coffee and an orange juice, which is reasonable for the quality of food. Day-by-Day lived up to the hype and the wait.
Get there early for brunch, people! 

Five of us went around 10:30 on a Sunday morning and were seated pretty quickly - I'd say we waited about five minutes for the table to be set up. 

Waters were brought out right away and our drink orders were taken. We ooh'ed and aah'ed over the menu and chatted about what we all wanted to order. 

Into the brunch (breakfast?) we told the waiter than another friend might be joining us, at which time shit hit the fan. The server chastised us for not asking for a six-top. (When we asked for a table for five, I did mention that we should account for one extra person to my boyfriend, but I guess we just didn't think it would be a big deal.) The manager quickly walked over and also rebuked us and said that we should prepare ourselves, if our friend indeed showed up, to be pulled from our table and put back into the line to wait until a six-top became available. Six of us could have squeezed in together, and the server was guaranteed 20% gratuity regardless so it was a little irritating how whiny the establishment was coming off over one person. 

Anyway, our friend called and said he wouldn't be coming, so the server calmed down and we ordered. The food came out in a reasonable time frame and no one complained about their food.

We were given the check and discussed how to split the it. We decided to split three ways - two would pay by card, and one would pay by cash. We totaled the amounts and accounted for tax and tip and headed to the register to pay. The person managing the cash register was a nice woman who became very frazzled when we told her we would be splitting the check. She said she would only split it two ways. We told her we were not splitting between five of us, that we would be splitting it three ways and that we had already calculated how much we would each be paying. She calmed down after this and let us pay. (As an aside, I completely understand where she was coming from - it's annoying and complicated to split a check for a large group. There was a long line forming as we were paying so I totally get that she had better things to think about than splitting a check all kinds of ways for a group that had already given the server/manager a "problem." My issue was this - if the restaurant knew it would be serving five people, the server could have easily STARTED the meal by asking us how we wanted to split the check, and taking orders thusly. We would have told him to write three separate checks and saved everyone frustration at the end of the meal. I'm just saying.) 

Not a terrible experience, but I was sort of irritated that we were treated like children.
I ate here with a friend visiting from Nova Scotia. She picked the place. I will not let tourist friends have the reins on where we eat in the future. 

We arrived for brunch at opening hour. There was a crush of hungry people in need of coffee. We were not greeted and we stood for a long time, waiting for a table. Never a good sign.

When we were finally seated, we did just that. We sat. And sat. And sat some more. No water, no coffee, no server. My friend is a chatter box so at least we were not sitting, being miserable and just staring at our feet as our stomachs growled. 

Our server came to the table after 25 minutes. She was brusque, unsmiling and unwelcoming. I had to remind my guest that this is New York behavior, not the norm for Philly. She poured us both coffee without asking if we wanted it. I don't drink the stuff; I wanted tea. I was never able to convey that. She left menus and walked away. Colette, my visitor, kept rabbiting on without looking at the menu. Places like this that serve the typical "American" brunches-pancakes, French toast, eggs and spuds-bore me. This stuff can all be made at home and it usually tastes better. I scanned the menu quickly for something I didn't usually eat at home. Colette kept talking. When the server returned to take out order, Colette had not even looked at her menu so we asked for a few minutes. The server did not like that. She grimaced, sighed and shrugged. I asked for hot black tea but she either did not hear me or did not want to be bothered. 

Quite literally less than a minute later, she was back again to ask if we had decided. Colette still had not picked up her menu so I ordered the bagel and lox plate for myself and huevos rancheros for her. The waitress grabbed the menu out of my hand and left Colette's menu on the table. 

We sat for another 30 minutes with no food and no coffee or water refills. The place was busy but it was not standing room only and our server was not alone on the floor, left to fend for herself. When the food arrived, as I suspected-FUBAR. I did not get a bagel with my bagel and lox; there was one piece of white bread, untoasted (or 'raw', as Colette said) on the plate. No onion. No cucumber. Pale pink hot house tomato. Way too many capers (which I would never eat, even at gunpoint). Whatever the kitchen made for Colette was not even remotely like what I'd ordered for her and it was cold. Polite as she is, she did mention that. I kept trying to get the server's attention but could not even see her at other tables. I finally went to the cashier to ask for help. And got none. We sat for awhile longer with these brunch abominations, trying to get someone's attention. Nope. Everyone was either too busy or did not want to be involved. Our server had seemingly vanished. 

I finally got pissed off, worked out what the cost of the meal was, left cash and no tip (or else a miniscule one, assuming I over estimated) and we walked out. I veered a few blocks over and to my delight, The Dandelion was able to fit us in for brunch. We ate well, got served promptly and properly and allowed that hospitality (along with a pitcher or two of Pimms) to wash away the horrid treatment at Day by Day.
a solid brunch with not so solid service.

my friend and i went on a sunday, and the wait was forever (and it was already 1 pm)... i had to be at work at 3.  
we weren't greeted at the table for a good 15minutes.  i politely told the server that i had to be at work by 3....  took a good 40 minutes for the food to show up, aka 230.  

so yes, i scarfed my very tasty french toast...and headed to work.  shame on you for not letting me enjoy.
ProTip: Order the STUFFED Challah French Toast NOT the Challah French Toast. The first option is loaded with seasonal delights. On the menu this past weekend, had you ordered the first option, you would have received 4 large slices of fat Texas style Challah French Toast sliced in half and stuffed with peaches, a thick cream and sprinkled with almonds. Had you ordered the later, you would have received four fat, dry pieces of Texas style Challah French Toast with some blueberry sauce in a small condiment container in the middle. Difference? Yes.

The biscuits here are wonderful and buttery. They're crumbly like the Red Lobster biscuits, but sweeter like Grandma's butter milk biscuits. I love it when bread falls apart on my plate. Seriously. 

ProTip 2: Don't order jam with your biscuit. It comes in a packet and says Preservatives or Smuckers or some crap like that.
Had to knock a star off after a handful of trips to this place, it's just not a five star restaurant.  The food is good, and menu varied, but there are little things that are starting to bother me:

 - nasty stains inside the coffee mugs
 - the low quality plastic table cloths
 - the lack of crab in my girlfriend's crab omelette
 - the way my burger was about 70% of the size of the bun, leaving way too much room for toppings to slide all over the place.

I'll keep coming back but I think a lack of competition keeps this place from being a real dynamite brunch spot.
You can't deny it, brunch is brunch. Almost every restaurant in the city has the same staple items on their menu for brunch, but what sets Day-By-Day apart is not only the creativeness of the menu, but also the service.

I had ordered the crab, gruyere , and asparagus scrambled eggs-a perfect savory start to my morning, complete with rosemary roasted breakfast potatoes. Everything was perfectly seasoned and salted. My roommate ordered the vegan burrito which they didn't execute properly. Our waitress took her plate back to the kitchen while I ate and finished my meal. I was completely done eating before she had gotten her fixed plate. The waitress felt so badly that she went above and beyond- she offered her complimentary pastries. She opted for the coconut muffin- amazing. After I had finished eating, I ordered the lemon goat cheese muffin. I was expecting to pay for it, but they told me that it was on the house as well. 

The staff made sure that we were well taken care of. Never once was I out of coffee, and how they handled the kitchen mistake was professional and a nice added touch. 5 stars!
Neighborhood staple. Cozy. BYO. Affordable. THE potato salad.

Day by Day is around the corner from my apartment and I go often. While it's definitely known as a weekend brunch spot, I personally prefer their weekday lunch, mainly because everything comes with their amazing potato salad. Everything I've had thus far has been solid, never any complaints from anyone I'm with either. There's usually a wait, but I've never had to wait longer than 5-10 minutes. 

Favorites in descending order:
-POTATO SALAD- served at lunch. trust me on this one
-Turkey, Tomato, & Avocado Bacon Wrap with chipotle mayo
-Smoked Turkey & Havarti Melt On Croissant
-Chicken Salad with tomato, bacon, & avocado
-Granola With Yogurt Parfait with fresh fruit- unexpectedly delish
-Poached Eggs Florentine with roasted mushrooms, shallots, spinach & hollandaise served with roasted potatoes

You can't go wrong at Day by Day, everything is great. Not to mention there is often a baked good on their chalkboard menu of specials called a jawn...ie apple jawns.

Tip: swing by the Wine & Spirits a couple blocks away on Chestnut and bring a bottle of champagne.
Great place for brunch! I recommend the smoked salmon omelette, very tasty :)  Service is good, wide variety of items on the menu and easy to find (on the corner of Sansom)! Definitely give this place a try.
(To the tune of Maroon 5's "Sugar")

I'm hungry baby. I'm broken down.
I need some breakfast, breakfast, 
I need it now.
Maybe hungover...
I'm feeling weak.
Hope there's a short wait, I'm begging
I'm on my knees.

I don't wanna be needing your grub
I just wanna be eating your grub
And it's killing me when there's a wait.....
Cause I really don't care where I sit
I just wanna eat there, where I sit
I just gotta get one little taste.....

Syrup
Yes please.
Won't you drizzle some on French toast, please.
I'm right here, and I need...
Little toast, some shakshouka please.
Yeah, you show me good pastries
Sausage is "alright"
Need a bit more bacon in my life....
Syrupppp
Yes, please.
Come and drizzle it on my French toast, please....

Day by Day: Your lines are intimidating. I don't think I'd venture here with a group larger than 4, and even that could be a bit.... However, what awaits inside (or, outside on lovely days) is a carby paradise full of breakfast treats, savory eats, and stuff that's sweet. I went with the shakshouka and a side of sausage, while my sister enjoyed the banana bread French toast (which is vegan!) You would never know this French toast was vegan, though, as it was so incredibly decadent and delicious. The sausage was the only part of the meal that wasn't stand-out, it tasted (and looked) like links that were made at my home and kind of underdone... Oh well, can't win em all. However, I would go back in a heartbeat to enjoy some more of their offerings. A variety of rotating French toasts has piqued my interest.
It started well over a year ago. My girlfriend and I were discussing the "m" word, and decided it might be a fun idea to begin looking for places to hold ceremony/reception. We found our venue, and with the venue came a few "approved" catering places. First one we tried was Day By Day.

Stephen was friendly, and made us feel like our day was the most important one out of all the events he was catering. The pricing per person was excellent, and they way he described how this was our day and we can modify/create any meal plan we wanted to was the added bonus we needed to use them.

Leading up to the wedding, he kept in contact with us, making sure everything was a go.

The day of the wedding, he, Polly, and the rest of the Day by Day staff were friendly, and made sure everything was going as smooth as butter. 

The food itself was heavenly. Everything was cooked on-site and tasted delicious. All the guests raved about the food.

Highly recommend these guys to anyone who is looking for a caterer, not only for a wedding, but for any other function.
Gosh the brunch here is good!

Like any normal brunch-lover, I usually struggle over whether to get sweet (pancakes) or savory (eggs). And I almost always end up getting pancakes, but feeling like there's a... certain something... missing (protein).

But Day by Day offers the perfect solution. The freshly baked cinnamon rolls are SO FREAKING GOOD, that starting off with one before ordering the eggs benedict, say, gives you the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The fresh muffins are also to die for! (Much better than Morning Glory, alas.)
Excellent brunch spot.  So many specials that the mind reels with possibilities.  As with all brunch spots, get there early (10 am opening) to get a table.  It's worth it.  Egg dishes and french toast were highlights. And once, when the line was especially long, the owner passed out some fresh baked goods to make the wait more bearable.
A great little BYOB brunch spot situated between the most colorful townhouses. Obsessed.

Eats:
baked eggs
potato pancake Benedict
tiramisu stuffed French toast

I eat a Benedict everywhere I go. (Not making a dirty Benedict Cumberbatch joke. Swear. Kind of.) This is why I'm sad I didn't love the Potato Pancake Smoked Salmon Benedict. Don't get me wrong. It wasn't bad. The baked eggs and French toast were just better.

PS they also serve La Colombe coffee like every other establishment in Philly. Doesn't. Suck. Ever.
Phenomenal.

So this place is seriously difficult to get into. The hours are weird and it's normally just a catering spot so actually eating there is a bit difficult and takes a bit of planning. My friend and I had been looking to eat there for about three years and this past Sunday finally made it in (and only because our original plan for Slate fell through as they weren't open at 10:30am on a Sunday).

The coffee was great and the waiter kept it full throughout brunch (a definite necessity for me). After Max Brenners the night before we were avoiding anything sweet but be sure to look for the baked apple pancake as it looked amazing and half the diners seemed to have ordered it. M had the crab and shrimp quiche and it was perfect. Flaky (not mushy) crust and a generous portion that had the most massive mouthfulls of crab and shrimp in every bite. SO GOOD! I had the BLT with horseradish mayo and a fried egg on top. It was awesome. The horesradish mayo added this great bite and the bacon was top notch - a bit messy though! The breakfast potatoes also need to be highlighted as they were chunky red-bliss (I think) covered in rosemary and thyme and fabulous. yay!

Overall, the meal was perfect. The place can get a little crowded (understandable since they are rarely open for dine-in business and the food is great) and the tables are a bit close together for retelling torrid stories of the night before. Prices are totally reasonable and we walked out with two breakfasts, an extra side of potatoes and two coffees for about $25 - perfection.

Eat here, trust me.
I want to love this place because the food is very good, but the service is lacking. I've been here a couple of times during lunch time, and they seem to be one of the few places in the area that don't realize people going out for lunch might work in an office and have a limited amount of time. 

Recently I was here with a friend for a weekday lunch. We placed our orders, got our food after a short wait, and everything was going just fine. Then our server came back to offer dessert, and we ordered coffee. Clearly, we were planning to sit around for a few minutes, but she brought our drinks and then disappeared. Now and again, we would see her and make eye contact and maybe give a little wave, and she would disappear again. I always thought the little wave was a polite alternative to screaming YO CAN I GET SERVICE, but apparently here it means, "Oh, I don't need anything; I'm just saying hello." 

I decided to ask the hostess what one needs to do to get a check since our server disappeared again. She asked what table was mine, I pointed it out, and she said, "I will take care of it." Several minutes passed, and in that time she did absolutely nothing.

Finally, our server appeared again and I was able to get her attention by waving my arms. Literally waving my arms. At a human being. As in, I just became That Guy who was a jerk to a server and earned a spot on "Why people in the service industry hate you." But it was either that or walk out without paying the bill.

She finally brought the check and some attitude. 

I will likely not be back. Which is a shame, because the food really is good.
If you happen to walk by the corner of 21st and Samson on a friday, saturday or sunday between 10am-2:30pm and see a crowd of people standing outside...chances are...they are waiting for seating at Day by Day for brunch. There are valid reasons why most people end up waiting it out to eat at this awesome brunch place. 

1. Day by Day's brunch menu and serving sizes are oh so savory. I have tried almost every item on the brunch menu and can attest to the impeccable taste of each dish. *My favorite of all time: potatoes pancake Benedict---just one try and you will be hooked, trust me! My boyfriend's favorite-the crab scrambler--he is completely in love with the dish. 

2. It is BYO.-so you can have those cocktail drinks with your brunch if you are the morning alcohol drinking type!

3. Super friendly staff---love them all 

4. Did I mention the awesome, delicious, tastebud oozing menu? 

Although the wait may be longer than expected if you happen to come at the prime hours, I think it is worth the wait. This is my FAVORITE brunch place in the city and I highly recommend it
I am reviewing Day By Day as both a caterer and as a lunch spot.  

Day By Day catered our recent wedding and they were wonderful, and I recommend them without any reservations.  The food was outstanding - fresh, varied, beautifully prepared - and served perfectly.  They bring a grill and prepare the food right before it's served.  We were aiming for a casual but nice outdoor wedding - we got a lovely, elegant event without any pretension.  The staff was excellent, and very well-managed.  They timed everything perfectly and our day could not have been better.  They even packaged the left-overs and helped us load our car.

We have eaten at their lunch location several times, and have always enjoyed it.  They have a fairly large regular menu, but you don't need it.  The daily specials board has a nice variety including soups, interesting salads, sandwiches, quiche and entrees.  They always have a nice selection of vegetarian fare.  Everything is nicely prepared and the service is great.

One additional comment - they have a number of staff members who work in the restaurant and on the catering crew that seem to have worked there for a long time.  This indicates to me that they are well-managed and treat their staff well.  In food service, this is a rarity and always enhances any dining experience.

You should go to Day by Day at 21st and Sansom, and consider them for your catered events.
My two daughters and I needed brunch on Sunday. We ventured a bit out of West Philly and landed at Day by Day. The place is cute... a few cosmetic upgrades needed for the ceiling but the big windows and bench and chalk board including some sweet outdoor seating is a bonus. The wait was reasonable and the staff was sweet. Of course it's busy on a Sunday afternoon so the servers were hustling, trying to take care of the customers. Our server was very nice, but refills on coffee and  taking our order took a bit of time. To be fair, she was moving quickly around her section but I think the number of people she needed to attend to, kept my coffee cup empty. We started with the cinnamon roll and we all agreed it was the best decision we made on a Sunday morning. It was DELICIOUS. The cream cheese icing was perfect on the doughy, cinnamon goodness. Great start to a day. Two of us ordered the huevos rancheros. It was piled with yummy fresh avocado, sour cream, tomatoes, salsa and a fried egg. Personal preference, I missed the crunchy texture of tortilla chips as it was served on a flour tortilla. It was sort of like an open burrito. The salsa made it a tad watery... but the flavors were good and the ingredients were fresh. My other daughter got the big breakfast which was loaded with two eggs, bacon, English muffin, roasted potatoes and a small stack of pancakes. It was delicious. The pancakes were fluffy and delicious and it was a ton of food. Great la Colombe coffee and fresh tasting orange juice. I'd love to come back on a sunny day and sit at an outdoor table.
We were looking for a place that opened early for brunch (before 10:30am) and where we could take a 1-year old. Day by Day knocked it out of the park and will now be in heavy rotation for us!

I reluctantly agreed to go to Day by Day since I've walked past it many times and didn't think the plain exterior would belie incredible food. What's the saying? Don't judge a book by it's cover!

This is a fantastic choice for brunch in the Rittenhouse area, no matter who you're with - family, children, friends in town, new love interest, etc. Why? For starters, the menu is extensive and has something for everyone, but not something for everyone in that typical diner way, so you can still be fancy if you so choose. We had poached eggs over prosciutto-wrapped asparagus and polenta, and a chorizo hash, for example. Day by Day is deliciously creative, not afraid of some morning flavor, but can still serve you a nicely-cooked plate of bacon and eggs if you prefer to go the "typical" breakfast route. The space can accommodate all sizes of groups, though there is very limited outdoor seating. It's also very comfortable: not pretentious, clean, and bright. The service is good, not noticeably bad or outstanding, so you can focus on enjoying brunch without any "why haven't they filled my water" or "where is the server" distractions. Finally, the food is just plain delicious, bordering on crave-able. It's been a week and I'm not sure how long I can hold off my dreams of their prosciutto-asparagus-polenta combination!
Came here for brunch with a friend. The place was packed! I ordered a spinach and feta omelette with potatoes and a short stack of pancakes. At first the server misheard my order and served me a ham and cheddar omelet.  I was annoyed but chalked it up to a packed house. Once they fixed the order, I was pleasantly pleased and enjoyed my spinach and feta omelette.
I suggested this cute place to my friend for brunch, we had fun, we both tried different variations of French Toast.  I think that we were both very satisfied with our choices, she had the challah French Toast and really enjoyed it, I had the Pumpkin Pie French Toast and I found it to be very filling and satisfying so I brought the other half home.  

The price seemed reasonable, although there was some confusion about splitting a bill.  The very friendly man who seated me said that he would be happy to split our bill 50/50 but then a lady said "no splitting checks."  Fortunately we were able to have our check split down the middle in half as I was originally told, and I greatly appreciate them doing that, but there seems to be confusion here.

Very happy to have this brunch spot and I hope to return.
Pleasant dining spot with pretty good brunch/lunch menu. Various omelettes, sandwiches, pancakes, and some entrees. It is especially known for pastries which I avoided since trying to lose 5#! 

I had a salad with poached salmon and grapefruit. It was good but not great. Not sure why but just not amazing as it sounded. A side of bread would have been nice. Friend has chicken sandwich with provolone on French bread which looked good. 

Service not great. Server forgot my iced tea. Had to remind her half way through the meal. She did not offer to refill. However didn't charge for it. Only checked on us that one time. 

It was cheap! $20 for the above.
Solid brunch with good food with decent service. It's very busy on the weekends so either make a reservation or come expecting to wait 30+ minutes. They do not seat your table until every single person in your party arrives. Thankfully we made a reservation  for 4 people on a Saturday at 11:30am.
My friends are big fans of this place - I think you can get more food for the prices you pay here since the portions are on the healthier spectrum (compared to places that give you a mountain of food but that's not healthy anyway). The food did take a while but it was a busy weekend so it's to be expected.
My favorites were the spicy baked eggs with italian sausage, peppers and mozzarella cheese - it was the special of the day. My second favorite is the poached eggs and the sweet potato hash - yummy! The pineapple french toast was surprisingly good since it's not over the top sweet or drenched in syrup like other places. Last but not least the asparagus and goat cheese (?) omelette was delicious as well. Top it all off with english muffins and family style with great company - all in all a fantastic brunch place. 
Pro tip: Post on social media and tag @daybyday to get a free cookie at the counter!
Popular brunch spot near Rittenhouse. They don't take reservations, but the inside is surprisingly large (but cozy)!

Food: Ordered the potato pancake benedict. The eggs were perfectly poached and the side salad had just the right amount of dressing on it, not too much and not too little and paired nicely with everything else. The latkes, although slightly brunt around the edges, were delicious. The serving size was decent but did leave me wanting a little more at $15 for the plate. Coffee was also quite expensive ($3) given no refills. 

Service: Really liked their iPad check in system with automated texts to let us know when our table was ready. Service was fine, but I do wish our server told us that we had to bring our check up to pay up front! One thing to note is that they can't split the check more than two ways. 

Not sure if I would go out of my way to come here again but it is a nice place for a casual brunch with friends. The food was good but there are plenty of good brunch places in the city (albeit further away) more reasonably priced.
I left feeling torn, some of the photos produced by the business give off the vibe that its on the healthier side but when I received my cauliflower, kale and gruyere omelette it was definitely on the heavier/buttery side. The menu is fairly extensive offering everything from classic omelettes and huevos rancheros to stuffed challah toast and a rotating special menu. I appreciated that they had truly fresh orange juice. Note that they do not have breakfast cocktails but they are BYOB.

I imagine if our waitress had been a little friendlier I would be in the four star ballpark but that wasn't the case. We strolled in on Saturday around 11AM and didn't have a hard time snagging a spot on the sidewalk (there are around four tables outside). 

The interior of the space is very casual/zero frills and reminds me of a small town diner or truck stop. Overall, I had hoped the meal would knock my socks off a little more.
Not that impressed by brunch. The service was spottier than usual. Also they take forever to ring you up...annoying
I came here recently with my coworkers for lunch on a Thursday around noon and it was half full, as the time passed more eaters came in. That has to be a good sign. The service was very quick overall, from the time we were seated to the time, then took a look at the big chalkboard full of specials, then ordered, and lastly served.

Everyone enjoyed their dishes. I really enjoyed the whitefish platter, which was huge! There was definitely enough whitefish to put on 2 bagels. I received just 1, which was perfectly fine with me. This dish comes with tomatoes, green peppers, olives, capers, cucumbers, and pickled onions. Together (minus the olives, I don't like them) it was a fantastic lunch or for you brunch lovers, a great brunch. Also very well priced! 

Small tip: at the front, they also sell broken cake bits for $1 a bag.
Came here for brunch around 11am on a Saturday and it was already pretty busy, though we got lucky and didn't have to wait for a table.

We got the huevos rancheros and banana bread french toast (vegan). Both of the dishes came in large portions and were delicious! I love banana bread and really enjoyed the crispy outer layer of this "french toast". It was definitely very sweet and dense, making it better as a sweet dish to split.

The only downside is that there was VERY little room in between tables so you're elbow to elbow with your neighbors while other people/waitstaff are walking through, which was a little disruptive.
Finally ate breakfast at Day by Day! I've come here so many times and never want to wait an hour, so yesterday I woke up early and get there by 10am, and only had to wait 15 mins. 
Worth the wait! 

I had the avocado smash, which was avocado on wheat grain toast, with arugula, pickled onions, and topped with 2 over easy eggs. Delicious!! The eggs were cooked perfectly to dip the yolk. 

The huevos rancheros was huge and delicious.. I liked the black bean mix a lot, and of course avocado on top. The smoked salmon Benedict was great because it's on top potato pancakes instead of English muffin. Those potato cakes are so good! 
I also got a cup of lentil & spinach soup of the day, delicious. 

There are so many other amazing choices for breakfast, their unique menu is huge with multiple choices of savory or sweet. I want to try the omelets next. 

La colombe coffee, great service, fantastic food. I would come here every weekend if the wait wasn't so long! 5 breakfast stars!
3.5 stars really.

Day by Day has been a reliable lunch spot and catering go-to place for me and many people at my firm.

The fried chicke toss salad is delicious and they serve a "safe" selection of sandwiches.  In the summer-  the gazpacho is a refreshing and tasty choice.

The specials of the sday - often fish and omelettes are also really, really great.  They often sell out of the fish special - so come early for your lunch.  They don't do dinners - although last summer they briefly toyed with a "dessert cafe" concept which I wish had fared better.

Anyhow - it's a great place to grab a safe, reliable lunch.
This place gets five stars for amazing food at very reasonable prices. 

I came here for brunch on a Sunday, and there was little to no wait even though the place was packed. It's obviously a very popular place for lazy afternoon brunching.

Upon entering, I was reminded of Green Eggs, another favorite brunch spot. The decor was homey, and the menu was scrawled in colorful chalk on a large blackboard in the middle of the restaurant with plenty of fun illustrations of menu items. 

I had the sundried tomato, goat cheese, and spinach omelette, which came with rosemary potatoes and a biscuit. It was a decently sized plate, and for only $10! $10! It's the lowest I've ever paid for brunch in Philly...and it was pocket change compared to what I've paid in New York. 

They also have decent coffee from Colombe, which was a nice addition to my meal. The waiter even refilled my cup, free of charge. Points, Day by Day. Major points. I have a feeling this will become a regular haunt for me.
The review is for the delicious tiramisu French toast. The bread is thick perfectly cooked and moist with delicious fillings. The fillings isn't a lot but it brings the sweetness to the toast.

Kouign aman is crunchy and buttery. The fig muffin is ok not much filling. You can pass this
This place is a joke. Went for a wedding tasting. They served rotten fish and openly said "we're not going to serve you the cake because it's gone bad in the display case. That's a demonstration of how high our standards are". That really happened. And the wedding catering prices were insane.
On my first morning in Philly, Chris R. took us to Day by Day. The night before I had a huge craving for pancakes (which were available), but the menu promised me Latke and Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict, and I could not pass them up. The different components of the dish were all tasty in their own right, but combined I sort of felt like it was bland.  Now,  was that just my inability to appreciate a delicately flavored meal? Or did they forget to salt the damn thing? You can be the judge when you visit. Plus I could have standed some more hollandaise. 

BUT - the real star of my visit was the muffin basket. It had scones, biscuits, and amazing strawberry and cream cheese filled muffins. I immediately demanded my girlfriend make them (via text). She said she would consult Martha (Stewart) for a recipe. So far I am muffin-less in a wonderful Day by Day muffin filled world. Curse her.

Also - the coffee was good.

Lastly - show up early. If you come anytime after 10:30, you are going to wait. And if some jerk like me is at a table, he's going to take his sweet time drinking a cup of coffee he doesn't even want, just so you have to wait. That's why I never go anywhere without a reservation.
Went  today for lunch, food  was just ok service is STILL terrible. There are too many places that offer good food and great service, will not be returning
Disappointed. From a completely disorganized wait staff to bugs and flies all over place. Also thanks for burning my breakfast. Skip this place.
I'm so sad, because the meal I just had doesn't reflect how beloved and popular this restaurant is. 

I had the cauliflower, rosemary, and gruyere omelet.  It came with multigrain toast, roasted rosemary potatoes, and a slice of orange.  The plate looked a little lackluster, but I'm more about taste than looks anyway, so I didn't care.

The omelet had a few pieces of cauliflower through it and a tiny bit of cheese.  For $12 I was expecting more.  The coffee wasn't great, and I wasn't expecting it to cost $3.50 for sure.  I wasn't offered a refill, so that's pretty darn pricey.  The potatoes were what I came for, and they were really disappointing.  Clearly reheated, with some tough and chewy outsides, super salty, and a few pieces were so burnt I couldn't eat them, which is saying a lot.  I mean, so burnt that the texture of the potato changed and nearly disintegrate when I tried to bite it.

With tip (since the service was great and the staff is so nice), this was a $20 meal.  If I ever go again I'm going to go for something sweet, to see if maybe that's what keeps people coming back.
Breakfast is off the hook at this spot! I have loved everything I have ever gotten. The sweet potato hash, all the yummy omelets and pancakes. The only bummer is that you will have to wait in line no doubt so don't go when you are starving. The atmosphere is minimalist but the place feels open and bright.
I was able to go back & try something extraordinary, " S'mores Waffles" All I gotta say!!! I wanted to try something different., guess great weather, the place was packed. My brunch buddy & I wanted to sit outside, in about 10 min we were. We were gonna get french toast, special, ( I was fine with either that , or Smores) Then she suggested it!! We tried it.Oh Wow!! Toasted like on campfire, with chocolate chips ,melted..Phewpphh!!! yummy. If like you Chocolate, marshmallows, this is for you, plus the waffles were light & airy, not hard & dense-which I liked . I usually prefer fruit in morning, but So glad I tried it!! Aways great -A MUST RETURN!!
Where to begin... The experience was nice. I enjoy checking out new places. I really wanted some French toast and the place that we were suggested was super packed so we looked for another place close by. We came across day by day.

 There wasn't a wait when I got there but in order to be seat your entire party must be present so keep that in mind if you're going to have a large party. It seemed like some people called ahead or something but they use an app of some sort to text you when your table is ready. Anyway, when my boyfriend finally found a park we were able to be seated. They have pastries that offer via appetizers but I notice a decent amount of them were sitting on a counter behind the register uncovered. Noted not to get any of the uncovered pastries lol. They do have a case where they keep some pastries I would trust those before the others. 

Okay back to the experience... They have a large black board that gives you information on the specials and flavored for that day. So my French toast that I had to have came in peach flavor. Also I think they had a pumpkin one but I'm not really into the pumpkin flavor much. My boyfriend ordered what we called playing it safe breakfast meal, eggs, bacon, potatoes, pancakes and a choice of bread. He didn't want his bread so I decided to get a biscuit for myself. I
Ordered the peach challah(sp) French toast and a side of Rosemary potatoes.

Everything comes out pancakes are HUGE. French toast is good if you don't like peach sauce on your French toast ask for the peach topping on the side. Potatoes were bland they needed some salt or something. The biscuit was a harder type of biscuit than what I like I'm a fluffy biscuit chick. 

The food was ok nothing that I would have to have again. But I did notice while eating someone had brought in a bottle of wine to drink and they also I have champagne. Not sure what the rules are so ask if you're interested. I don't have any issues with the place just wanted to share my experience.
Walking in, it feels like the neighborhood diner was plucked out of the suburbs and dropped in center city, just with much less room. The lineup of desserts on display at the front counter, the traditionally simple wooden furniture, and the ability to fit more tables than one could imagine without it getting too clustered. 

It's a popular spot that will definitely have a wait for brunch on the weekend, yet the meal doesn't feel rushed at all. In fact, quite the opposite, brunch here feels like it's supposed to take a while, to have the additional cup of coffee or two.

I'd definitely recommend the eggs over sweet potato chorizo hash. One of my favorite brunch dishes in Philly so far. Hearty, filling, and a great combination. And reasonably priced too.
In my Normal Weekend Brunch rotation, we decided to try this -once again.
Got there little after 11am..look for parking and noticed crowd outside.After putting our name on list, 20-30 min wait for 2 of us. Once we got seated, Our waiter took our order & Course we wanted coffee. It was busy, he was one of the regulars there. 10-15 min later, no coffee!!??
That was the reason  main reason I stopped putting them on my brunch rotation..lack of coffee refills, In this case, Just no Coffee!!! : (.
So I got up & flagged a young lady.So she brought over our delectable mugs & cream. Now our waiter came by & he must have forgot & realized at the same time.
We ordered the Stuff French toast w cream cheese, pineapple,mango,And peach. I t was Heaven, little crunchy on corners, with almonds in it as well. Everything was good.
The owner came over in like couple minutes with a cute little plate with Banana nut bread, 2 cinnamon sugar  pumpkin nuggets as Gesture to offset the Coffee -OOps!! Thought that was sweet, Redeemed themselves quite well. Funny thing is, I was just telling my brunch partner how love the place reason why stopped was because we couldn't get coffee refill-LOL. ( And here we go again) I understand, gets busy, chaos, but I need my coffee!!! Oh, the pastries were Moist & delicious!! I should have picked up some on the way out Not dense or dry , I was impressed!! They now have more of an Assortment of pastries to purchase , too.
Yeah, Back in my rotation List!!
Made an appearance in this place on Easter Sunday '18. Bc I literally am incapable of getting my shit together to go to brunch at a reasonable hour, the 2:30 closing time has been prohibitive in the past. On this particular day despite all of the shit I had to do, I said "fuck it" and managed to squeeze myself and my dining partner into a table at this joint at like 2pm. 

So basically long story short, I'm gross and basic and doing the keto diet now. After some serious indiscretions on the day prior, I needed to propel myself back on the bandwagon ASAP. Luckily reconciling both low carb and vegetarian there were a bunch of egg options. The omelette with sun-dried tomatoes, goat cheese, and spinach was my go-to. Dining partner ordered this like eggs benedict with, and I suggest sitting down rn, POTATO LATKES INSTEAD OF ENGLISH MUFFIN! Probably in honor of passover. Holy shit what a fucking concept. 

Omelette was good and enjoyable. Not the best thing of my life. Not something where I would go out of my way to recommend or return for but satisfying. Those potatoes looked heavenly and I just had to sample one little baby tater cube which tasted as good if not better than its appearance. According to dining partner, the eggs benedict was amazing. 

Believe it or not I did not consume any alcohol during this meal. Main reason for that being this place doesn't have alcohol. Service was good too/people were nice and all that good shit.
Besides the inevitable wait, this place is great for brunch.  They have an amazing selection of both sweet and savory menu items.  They also have a ton of homemade baked goods that are always a wonderful treat.  BYOB of champagne if you wish, and they provide amazing orange juice.  
- Sweet potato and chorizo hash is a favorite
- Always have amazing soups

It's very small, so not great for larger groups.  Very tasty food and good service!
A standard brunch place in Rittenhouse. They have indoor and outdoor seating. The menu is reminiscent of other popular brunch spots around town. They are BYOB.

Food - average. I didn't get the feeling that they was a wide array of options. I got the rosemary potatoes that weren't very hot and not very seasoned. Some salt and ketchup did the trick. They had a few different French toast options and I got the berry whip cream one. Pretty good, didn't give you that food coma feeling and not too sweet. 

Service - average. It was a bit too casual for my taste and didn't really match up with the price point of their food. They asked me to share salt/pepper hot sauce with the table next to me which was awkward whenever I had to reach over to their table...FYI you have to pay at the register inside, I sat at my table for like 15 minutes before asking my fellow sauce sharers if I had to go up and pay because my server didn't tell me and it isn't written anywhere. 

Bottom line - I would come if I wanted to take advantage of the BYOB, but probably not for much else.
If you're with an indecisive group, this is the place to go for lunch; they've got a little bit of everything. Great sandwich selection (BLT with a fried egg? My thing.)

Fast service and reasonably priced.  For those weight watchers: come here and dine without fear. Always a lot of specials, and their entree selections like the salmon and quinoa are consistently healthy and fresh.
My egg white, goat cheese, sundried tomato and spinich omelette was delicious, and my side of potatoes were pretty good as well. I will say that I was impressed that the price was better than I had expected ($9 for omelette). The service was terrific in that the waiter kept coming by time and time again to refill my coffee. This meal actually reminded me of those yummy brunches in San Francisco (e.g. Ellas on Presidio & California). Very casual and cozy atmosphere. Not loud inside. Looking forward to trying something new next time.
We went here with work colleagues for lunch one day.  We didn't have a HUGE party but the service was a bit spotty.  Out of everyone who ordered a sandwich, most got the wrong side.  The waiter took our orders such that people on the end had to scream across everyone on the table.  It was disconcerning. 

Our food was really good though, even those of us who got the wrong sides enjoyed it.    I had a smoked salmon sandwich on whole wheat and I would recommend it highly.
This past Sat, did my brunch thing, with brunch buddy, this location was better, since she was killing 2 birds with one stone. .We walked in,sat us near some sunlight, near the window..Coffee a must, we looked on the gigantic chalk board for specials, split the Stuffed french toast with lemon curd, plum sauce. It was great. We were thinking of getting side of bacon, glad we didn't, way too much!! All in all, so yummy..service was so personable. Owner -was quite nice lady.
One of my favorite brunch spots in the city. This may have something to do with the fact that it's located roughly 50 feet from my apartment and I'm usually so ravenous by brunch time that I'm not willing to go very far, but it may also have something to do with the fact that I've literally never not liked something that I've ordered here (sorry about the double negative).

The specials are always fantastic, but when I'm feeling too indecisive to choose (roughly 98% of the time), I opt for the Big Breakfast. This allows me to indulge my gluttonous side (read: my only side) by eating allllll of the carbs but also the eggs and the breakfast meats. Oh, and can't forget to order a side salad, cause, ya know, vegetables. 

Sometimes the wait is a little on the longish side, but I really don't care cause it's worth it. Come here, but wait til it's warm out so you can sit outside and feast whilst people watching.
Off my radar until suddenly.  Day by Day turned out a great brunch spot Sunday afternoon.  Went with 4 friends and I had the stuffed french toast (challa, mascarpone cheese, apricots and peaches with slivers of toasted almonds.  This was incredible.  The omelet ordered was delicious looking and my two friends ordered an intriguing crab quiche that I tasted and drooled over.  Coffee hit the spot with high standards satisfied (I'm a big fan of La colombe) and service was great. 
The price was one that rivaled some of my fave bruncheries too.  Cost us each around $15, even with coffees and a shared muffin basket!
Callahan French toast ftw! This is a great place for an intimate brunch. The food is excellent and the service has always been satisfactory
It took us 45 minutes to get seated when the person stated it was only 15 minutes for brunch.  
Ordered chicken salad (total hyped description) only 3 strips of chicken (not even full breast) over bed of mixed greens and 5 cherry tomatoes. Well for $11.00 (most expensive brunch items were $11:00) one would expect a better salad than that. McDonald's does a better job on a salad than this restaurant (cheaper too).
So I've been here twice and really am not too impressed by the food.  First time I came in for the eggs benedict, which was just OK.  Also tried some other dishes when my friends ordered them such as the baked egg, nothing special to me.  One thing that is notable might be the pastries.  They were very tasty, especially the cinnamon bun.  I'd do without the frosting because that's too sweet for my taste.  
The second time I came in, I tried the sweet potato and chorizo hash.  I was definitely disappointed with this dish.  The sweet potato was soggy and lacked flavor.  Worst of all, the chorizo was way too salty, also made the sweet potatoes salty.  Ice coffee was nothing but super watered down coffee.  I wanted to try their panda cake, saw it at the counter, but I feel like I might be disappointed with that as well. 
I particularly liked the interior because it was roomy with plenty of lighting, makes less of a wait at times.  Also liked the giant chalkboard of special menu items and outdoor seatings available.
Wow!  I'd walked past this place many times, and even tried to get a seat once or twice, but things never seemed to work out between us.  Finally, I was able to get a seat on a Wednesday afternoon.  

This is one of those rare places where nothing on the menu really leaped out at me as a clear choice, because everything sounded so good!  I will definitely be back to eat up the rest of the menu that I didn't get a chance to try.  On Wednesday, I decided to go with the turkey wrap with bacon, avocado, pepper jack cheese and a chipotle mayo.  Disclaimer:  ex ante, this is the sandwich of my dreams.  I guess this means that my expectations were probably pretty high.  The actual food did not disappoint!  Everything was clearly fresh, the flavors were clean, and everything went together perfectly.  

I also had a slice of lemon merengue pie, which was obviously delicious.  My coffee was hot (they made a fresh pot for me; I was there at a slow time) and delicious.  Moreover, our server was nice, and not over-attentive (I like to eat at restaurants, not exchange platitudes). 

Bottom line:  I will be back.  My three words for this restaurant are Fresh, Classic, and Clean.  Try to go off-peak hours if possible.
My whole experience at this restaurant went from bad to worse, leading me to conclude that the only reason this place is so highly rated is the lack of competition in the neighborhood. I came by myself for a casual lunch, and was seated in the back corner at a dirty table, when there were plenty of clean tables of the same size, including the one right next to mine. I then sat there for several minutes while other tables around me were cleaned, before someone stopped to ask for my drink order, still not noticing the table was covered in water and crumbs. 

I ordered an iced coffee, which turned out to be a can of la Colombe served with a glass of ice and cream. It was delicious, obviously, but not what I sit down at a restaurant for. For lunch I ordered the vegan chorizo burrito, which additionally promised avocado, house made salsa, black beans, and rice. The actual filling was 75% plain white rice, with a smattering of black beans, three pieces of chopped avocado, and a blotch of sauce here and there. No chorizo to be found. Oh, and there was also a dry side salad.

While paying at the counter I noticed some tasty looking home baked treats behind the counter. Maybe that's what all the rave reviews for, but after spending $20 on a pile of white rice and a coffee from CVS, I'm in no rush to go back.
Went with a girl friend for lunch one day. Had the turkey sandwich. 

Pros: 
-Good prices
-Great variety of American foods
-Wonderful service
-Nice environment, inside and out
-Generous food portions

Cons: 
-random hours
Day by Day is the perfect lunch/brunch spot. It's got delicious and comforting food, a warm environment with homey service, and it doesn't even put a dent in the wallet (think large and filling sub 10 dollar meals). This is exactly why I keep returning to Day by Day day after day. Haha. Okay, sorry. 

But really, while going all out at hot Center City dinner joints is cool, and intricately concocted cocktails and exotic ingredients are fun after dark, what I really want on a weekend morning is some comfort food. I want it to be accessible. I want it to be local. I almost even want it to feel like home. And so I come to Day by Day for the Stuffed French Toast, the Potato Pancakes, the Huevos Rancheros and the delicious crispy thyme and rosemary covered potatoes that accompany many savory dishes. The stuffing on the French Toast changes frequently, actually everything at Day by Day seems to be changing frequently. So beware, a dish on the special's board that you enjoy one week or month may be gone the next. In this regard Day by Day always seems to be innovating, reminding me to be adventurous and try new things. 

After getting to know the owner, Robin, who seems to be there everyday and is usually working the register or seating guests or doing everything at once, I've learned that Day by Day has been open for something like 28 years! That is an impressive amount of time to stay committed to a business and not just in the monetary sense. Think about all of those restaurant owners who just sit in their offices. This is probably why I feel committed to Day by Day. The wait staff is always familiar. The food is always delicious. Oh and as you pay the bill, check out the deserts on display at the register. You can take them home with you for later and they are delicious! I have had cinnamon buns, apple turnovers and slices of pie, etc. All have been great.

Try Day by Day for lunch, because brunch can get busy, or come early and get out before the crowds on a Saturday or Sunday.    

I think that's it! Happy eating :-)
I wish I could write a great review but this place is not worth the wait.

Went here on a Sunday around 11:30 for brunch (prime brunch time, I realize) and was told there would be a 15 minute wait. 30 minutes go by, 35, 40, and then we are seated. La Colombe coffee is my favorite but i can get a medium sized coffee for $1.50 at the cafe or my local market and here it is marked up to $2.50.

The service was slow... I realize they were busy but our waiter was not extremely attentive. I got the smoked salmon, onion, and dill sour cream omellette with fruit and toast. The portions are small and the omelette was good but not great. My boyfriend got the huevos rancheros which was very flavorful.

I would go here if the wait wasn't so long and the service was better but I would rather wait 40 minutes to eat at Sabrinas or take the trip to Cafe Estelle where I have never waited more than 10 minutes and the food is fresh, well priced, and delicious.
Little-known but wonderful place for sunday brunch.  The waffle and the german apple pancake are both delicious, and their egg dishes are great too.  The setting is kind of nondistinct, but is more than made up for by the service, fair prices, and awesome menu!
Went there twice for brunch with friends. The food is nice but the service is lacking. I really think they need more staff during the rush hours because everyone seems always busy and super stressed. People came to brunch to relax but here I cannot. 

Tip: Avoid peak hours if you have to go.
Please, please, please can they give me a few hundred dollars to make this restaurant pretty???  This is one of the tastiest brunch spots in town with the sweetest staff.  They never batt an eye when I ask for salad instead of potatoes with my omelet, all of the food is super yummy, and they serve a HUGE glass of orange juice.  And yet, they insist on serving the food on plastic tablecloths and have the floor covered in brownish-purple carpeting...  Seriously, with a little bit of love (which this restaurant has plenty of!) this place could be adorable!
I've been trying to come here for some time and finally got the chance during Labor Day weekend. There was no wait when we got there on a Saturday morning, but it was filling quick. We had the option of sitting outside, but chose the cool A/C inside as it was heating up. The carpeted floor gave a small town diner feel, which I always like. 

We all really enjoyed the food we ordered (eggs Benedict, omelette, and chorizo hash) and thought they were good portions. The eggs Benedict came with a side of potatoes and was $12, which I thought was reasonable, but the other items seemed a tad expensive. Overall between 4 people the bill came out to $21 a person, but we also ordered a couple fresh orange juices ($3ish) and a coffee ($3.50 - steep), and an absolutely incredible cinnabon which is a must have. I checked the menu on google and Yelp and I believe it's now more expensive.

The cinnabon alone is worth returning for!
a solid brunch spot.

there's all the usual offerings: eggs, toast, pancakes, french toast, omelettes, etc. you can't really go wrong with what you order, but there's nothing here that really blows its competition out of the water. what i go for are the specials on the board. there's always a french toast special, an omelette special, and a few other select brunch or lunch specials. 

this past saturday, i decided to go for the eggs over sweet potato hash. while the dish was good, it wasn't overly impressive, a bit on the dry side. but anything with sweet potato is pretty much a guaranteed win in my book.

my friends went with the challah french toast (yum!) and the omelette special: avocado, salsa, cheese (interesting brunch option?!) all in all, a good meal for a reasonable price. 

service was friendly and you pay at the register on your way out. but fyi, there's a $15 minimum for credit cards. there's also a whole display case of baked goods at the register. looks enticing! but i was too full to try any and too lazy to buy some for takeaway. i'm bound to be back, so perhaps next time?
Delicious place for omelettes! The eggs are super fluffy and butter and they come up with interesting and tasty combos!
Came here before going to a festival and it was amazing.
It was a Sunday, and it was brunch time so you automatically should know that there will be a wait. We didn't wait for that long, however I'm glad it was a nice day outside.

I ordered the Challah French toast with fresh berries & whippe-O-cream and a side of bacon & cheese eggs. It was very good. The french toast was nice and fluffy.

One thing about this place is that you have to really bring cash if you are with a group of friends. You cannot split the check up in regards to what you bought. You have to split it down the middle. Honestly, it was too complicated but eh.
The wait was short even though business was booming! I can't even spell or pronounce what I had to eat but it was delicious! The server was genuinely kind and just a great guy. I'd highly recommend me mend coming here for brunch.
This place is a solid choice for brunch, but you usually end up waiting an hour for the privilege of enjoying said brunch. 

That said, I have been here many times and love the baked goods, the huevos rancheros, and the BLT with a fried egg. Last Saturday, I had a friend in town, and we were en route to meet a friend at another place for brunch when I saw that Day by Day was half empty! At 12:30! Of course, we rushed in and claimed an outdoor table. I sprung for something a little different on the menu - a spinach and goat cheese omelet, which was amazing. My friend also went for something other than her eggs benedict, and got the sweet potato hash - which was also really good.

The service here is usually pretty spot on as well.  

Also - they only split the check 2 ways.
Brunch here is fantastic, highlights include: Potato Pancake Benedict, Sun dried Tomato/Goat Cheese omelette and ANY of the pastries. The staff is fantastic and they serve La Colombe coffee.

it would be 5 stars but there is ALWAYS a substantial wait and they don't take call-ahead's/reservation. 

This place is BYOB. (1 bottle per couple) and they don't take AMEX/Discover.
I first encountered Day by Day on a list of caterers who do events at the Free Library. My fiance and I had decided on the venue, and were anxious to line up a wedding caterer. I called Day by Day, as well as the others on the list the library provided, and set up a lunch meeting. 

As soon as I arrived at the restaurant, and met Stephen, I felt comfortable. The food was well-prepared, but not fussy. One of the chefs grew the herbs in his yard. The tomatoes were fresh from Jersey, at least when that was in season. Stephen promised that he would be there with us throughout the wedding day. And, he was enthusiastic about preparing some Persian food that is not part of their standard menu. (My husband's family is from Iran, so we wanted a mix of American and Persian food.) 

The process of working with Day by Day was so pleasant - I got to try lots of food from their regular menu while planning my wedding. We even chose Day by Day as the spot to introduce our two sets of parents to each other.  (The benedict and stuffed French toast are great, but my real favorite is the tuna melt, which is perfection.) Stephen and Robin even went on a recon mission to a local Persian restaurant to try one of the dishes we had asked them to prepare. When we decided to go with a custard dessert instead of wedding cake, Stephen and Robin were there to find a way to make it work. 

The day of the wedding, Stephen was there whenever we needed him, even for all of the things we hadn't anticipated. (An Altoid mint before the ceremony? Absolutely. A glass of water during the photo session? Exactly what we needed.) At the reception, everyone raved about the food. Even the Iranians agreed that their take on the Persian dishes was fantastic. 

The restaurant can be crowded - we went in the morning after our wedding with a party of six, and had a little bit of a wait (maybe 20 minutes), but it's worth it. And if you're looking for a caterer, I can't say enough about Stephen and his team.
I really, really, really loved the stuffed challah pumpkin French toast here, so much that I secretly didn't want to share it with my friends. But I did, and I'm glad I did or else I probably wouldn't have been able to move. 

We ordered the bread basket, which was filled with lots of goodies like cinnamon bread and little muffins. Delicious. 

Friends ordered more savory items like potato pancakes and a chorizo egg dish. Still think mine was the best :)
Another delicious lunch of orzo salad, Salade Nicoise (with freshly seared tuna) and of course the honey fried chicken tossed salad.

Wendy is still there and the gang is always friendly and happy to see us.

Love lunches at Day by Day!
Came here on a Saturday with 3 friends and got through the wait much quicker than expected. I got the vegan chorizo burrito and shared the banana bread French toast with a friend. The vegan chorizo was very flavorful, but the avocado was sparse. There's an option to add scrambled eggs and it would be nice if a tofu scramble was an option too. The banana bread French toast was very tasty, though it leaned more toward toasted banana bread that French toast. 

The food came out after about 30 minutes which seemed on par/not bad for a busy Saturday. We struggled to get the waitress's attention and went with empty water glasses for quite a while. Overall, the food was pretty good but none of us were particularly impressed. It was drafty by the emergency exit and my friend's large  seasonal fruit salad was a moderately filled saucer plate.
Came here for brunch with one of my best girlfriends today. We were both really excited to check this place out because we had heard good reviews. I had the poached eggs florentine while my friend ordered the eggs over chorizo and sweet potato hash. My eggs were cooked perfectly - the creamy yolk really complemented the sautéed spinach. I wasn't able to eat the roasted potatoes that came on the side but my friend really enjoyed them. The roasted shallots and mushrooms were amazing. The biscuits that came with both dishes were buttery and delicious! I really loved the sweet potato hash that was served with my friend's entree. Really nice mix of sweet and savory flavors. Would definitely consider ordering that the next time I visit!

Overall, Day By Day is a solid brunch spot - most entrees hover around the $10 mark and if you don't mind a 25-30 minute wait, definitely check this place out.
Skipped work one morning and came here for some brunch.  It was closer to lunch than brunch but this place was more than 3/4 occupied on a weekday.  People were either seniors or professionals on lunch break.  The place kind of felt like a diner with a more clean and modern touch to it.

We shared a lox bagel and a chicken melt.  They each came with a side of salad or fries.  The salmon serving was the most generous of lox bagels I've had.  I recall being perfectly satisfied after half the bagel.. but I don't eat to be full, I eat for the sake of eating, so the rest of the food had to go down too.  We sat inside, but this place gets plenty of sun - there's outdoor seating for when the weather is nice.
Definitely a cute brunch spot in the Philadelphia area. The menu isn't super extensive, but there are definitely some gems on the menu and I'd love to go back soon!

I came here earlier this year with 2 friends and split the following: banana bread french toast, puffed pancake with seasonal fruit, and potato pancakes benedict. I'd definitely recommend the banana bread french toast- I feel like it tastes uniquely good. The puffed pancake was good, but the center was a little too soft, mushy and "eggy" for me. The potato pancakes benedict (which is usually the #1 hit for other people) was really good as well, even though I loved the banana bread french toast more.

It gets really crowded and can be kind of noisy at peak times, but it is definitely still a great spot if you're looking for a solid brunch place in Philly!
I went to Day By Day for lunch not too long ago, but might have caught them at a bad time. Due to "high-volume catering," they could not serve any of their hot entrees. Apparently they do a lot of catering in the city, but the fact that the menu is subject to be so different on any given day is indeed a turnoff.

The food itself was just OK. I got a smoked salmon sandwich, and my friend got a chicken salad sandwich. Nothing to write home about. Except, actually, for their cream of broccoli soup, which was pretty delicious.

We (two of us) dropped about $40 on lunch -- and for a couple of cups of soup, and two sandwiches, that is high even for Rittenhouse standards.
Day by Day used to be one of our top brunch spots. The last time we were there, the staff committed the one no-no every restaurant should know not to commit: Upon finishing our meal, they asked us to leave because they had a line. We had arrived at noon, waited in line and were seated at 12:30. We ordered promptly, and we finished our meal by 1:20. We were asked if we could leave at 1:30. It was very awkward. The staff member said, "I hope you enjoyed your meal." We did, until we didn't.
I recently came here for brunch and overall had a great experience! Day By Day is famous for its brunch in Philly and I definitely understand where the hype comes from. 

I'm usually wary ordering eggs in case they are undercooked at brunch places but Day By Day's Mushroom and Fontina Omelette was well-cooked and delicious! In addition to their regular menu, they have a weekend special menu as well for more options. Their pastry basket is also quite famous so I definitely recommend it as well.

The main drawback of Day By Day is that they don't take reservations so the wait can be *very* long on the weekends. We were a group of six and had to wait more than 90 minutes when we were told the wait would be only 30. If you are set on coming here for brunch, I recommend you get there early put your name down and then come back (much) later rather than waiting around. 

Besides this downside, the decor, food, and staff are great. I definitely plan on coming again (though probably not on a weekend!)
I've been here for brunch on a few occasions with groups of friends, and we have all enjoyed ourselves. The service has always been very good despite how packed they get for brunch!

The bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich is delicious, although I wish they would put some more bacon on it! They also have very good pancakes and different fruit toppings each time I've come here. My friend had apple cinnamon french toast that was outstanding, too. 

The portions are pretty large, so you can often get a couple of meals out of a serving here. 

I've never had any of the desserts/pastries but I definitely need to change that ASAP!
A great breakfast joint in Center City that doesn't rob the bank? Incredible! 

My hungry boyfriend got the giant breakfast special for $14 and couldn't finish everything (toast, eggs, sausage, muffin, pancakes). I ordered the potato pancakes for $9. Since it was my first time trying latkes, I'm not sure how they compare. We tried the hot chocolate and found it to be way too decadent. 

If it weren't for the long waits, I would frequent Day by Day all the time. For the best experience, I recommend making your first visit during off-peak hours.
