Wasn't impressed with this bbq joint. I tried the half pound of brisket and there wasn't much to it. It was just 3-4 slices. I have had good bbq in the past, not much brisket in particular, but I was expecting flavor, tenderness and delicious sauce. Not to mention, cornbread and at least one side should accompany a meat. That's not what I got here. I wasn't the only one ordering, and the other person with me wasn't impressed by my meal either that they decided to not get there's. 

It's very small inside and limited parking.
Very disappointed. I ordered an extra sandwich for lunch the night after I got Deke's delivered and there was very obvious mold on the bread. I did not check my first sandwich intensely because I didn't think I'd have to worry about moldy bread coming from an establishment such as this. Most likely will not be ordering again and wasting my money.
Get the Fat Dude sandwich. I'm addicted! The sauce and the meat was amazing. Reasonable pricing. This sandwich was enough to feed 2 people. WOW
I get it- there's delicious food here. But the people who work here are rude- they are easily irritated. I came on 4/17 on a Sunday afternoon to pick up some lunch. Now Yelp was doing a free pudding with a check in. I asked about it and the workers there seemed clueless. After explaining to them how free offers with Yelp check in worked I was told I can have the pudding in a condescending manner. No thanks. There's nothing worse feel like I'm begging for something when advertised as "free." I have been a loyal customer to this location and even the restaurant. Now it makes me think twice before coming back in the near future.
I can't believe I driven/biked past this place soooo many times and never noticed it.   We stopped in craving some BBQ but not feeling like making it ourselves.   

Pork ribs,  beef brisket,  beans were all good!  Very tender meat,  sauce was tasty.   I would definitely return again. 

They handled socially distanced pick up very well.   You call from your car on arrival.   They were friendly and generous with extra sauce.
First time trying  Deke's. We got the Baby Back ribs and they were a bit on the dry side but I still enjoyed them. We ordered online so we weren't familiar with the sauce flavors and there wasn't a description of what Q, XX, and etc were so I just chose the first one I saw. I think if they could update the descriptions on their apps that would be helpful for the customers. We also got the fritters and pickles. I regret not ordering more pickles! They were so good especially if you like bread and butter pickles. My sister got the chicken and pork sliders. Chicken was a bit dry but the pork was great! Overall good first experience. 
Price wise for the food preparation, is slightly higher than I would have wanted to pay, but you do get a reasonable portion.
Honestly the brisket was delicious but bread was a little bit dry, not quite stale but they could have at least toasted it with butter or something, I felt like the ratio was a little off between meat and bread. 

That being said I have had their bbq in the past and the other items definitely slap, looking forward to trying again
We did a Fantastic take out feast from Deke's tonight. Ribs, chicken wings, half chicken,  cornbread, beans...   it was great. Everything was a hit with our picky kids. 
If you are looking for something different I highly recommend Deke's!!!!
The food is great. We ordered meals on one occasion and were. pleased. So much so, we ordered a large family style meal. All of the food was prepared as expected and guests had no complaints. The prices are reasonable.
Got the Family Style meal deal as takeout. 1 lb of brisket, 1 whole chicken, 4 cornbread squares and two large sides. It's hard to beat that value. 

The good:
Chicken was great and had a good, smokey flavor.
Mac n cheese was creamy and I really enjoyed it.
The cornbread tasted good but was a little cakey.

The bad:
The brisket was disappointing. It wasn't bad, but I lived in central Texas for a few years and it just doesn't compare to what you can get there. It seemed to lack the depth of flavor that Texas BBQ places can get.
The fritters and pickles were ok. They're basically hush puppies, but not as sweet as I'm used to. The pickles were great, but it only came with a little cup with like 5 small pickle slices.

Tl;dr: Chicken was better than the brisket. Pickles and fritters need more pickles. Mac n cheese is solid.
Had a craving for some BBQ and found this place.   I wasn't let down. 

From the time the delivery man handed me the bag, the aroma was emanating from the bag. I couldn't wait to taste the sauce that was smelling soo good.  

My meal came with the beat potato wedges that were seasoned just enough and had a bit of a crunch to it. Loved them.   I was not a fan of the cole slaw but I also don't care for it any of time. Now the cornbread surprised me. It was nice and moist and sweet, very good to me. 

Now the ribs...they were nice and tender. I literally was just pulling the meat off the bones and it had great flavor. The sauce didn't disappoint at all. As I pulled the meat off I would dip in it any of the remaining sauce nearby. I really wish I would've known better and ordered a side of this BBQ sauce.  

So glad it didn't disappointment.
Horrible customer service and overly burnt food.

When I visited this place the experience was awful. I had to wait while a young woman and another worker had a personal conversation behind the counter.

When she took my order she had an attitude that made me feel very unwelcome. This place just seemed "ghetto" and not professional at all.

When my food was finally ready she shoved it across the counter at me and quickly turned to her cellphone. In addition, when I opened the carton the "BBQ" chicken was small and overly burnt. I haven't been back since and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
We got our food from the food truck while it was at Wissahickon Brewery. We ordered the Brisket Cheesesteak and Beer Cheese Fries and they did NOT disappoint! The brisket was cooked to perfection and was incredibly flavorful. The only downside was the portion of the fries was a bit small, we definitely wanted more. We highly recommend this place! We will absolutely be back.
I was so excited to try this restaurant! I drove past it quite a bit . So after reading some of the reviews  on yelp I decided to give it a try.

Horrible customer service! Horrible food! The ribs were the only redemption.

We ordered the signature Deke's platter with BBQ Ribs & Chicken. The order came with wedges, cole slaw, and cornbread. We ordered an extra side of potato salad because we were snappily told we could NOT swap anything.

1) Customer Service: 

The gentlemen taking orders was incredibly rude to us and the senior ladies that ordered before us. They asked about corn bread and snapped at them about how their orders don't get corn bread and that they had to pay extra for it. He was very curt, arrogant and discourteous . 


2) The Food: 
 
                    - Wedges were so burnt I had to dig to find edible wedges but they were all broken into pieces 
                    - Cole Slaw-Hot and soggy no flavor
                    - Potato Salad- potatoes were undercooked and the dressing was runny
                    - Corn bread was small and very dry!!
                    - Chicken was undercooked and tough
                   + Ribs (slab) - were very good , fall off the bone great flavor
                   + Good portion size

Overall, I would prob not eat here again!  I expected something more ...

They were also a bit pricey for what they offered.The food was not worth price.
Had a Family Feast, after hearing someone else order it. I must admit, it was maybe some of the best BBQ I've had ever. Nice black owned business, nestled on the side of the road. Not a very large business, but what they lack in size, they make up for in flavor.
Pros: 
- Great portions!! A friend and I shared the Chicken and Rib Combo platter ($25), which is meant for 2 people. In reality, it could have fed 3-4 people. 
- Corn bread and potato wedges are so addicting! I would come back just those 2 items. Possibly the best I ever had.
- The chicken and baby back ribs was good, but it had way too much sauce. Definitely prefer the ribs over chicken, so tender! 
- Service is fast
- Catering and take out is available at this location
-10% off if you check in on Yelp :)
- $10 off $15 orders when you order on GrubHub with promo code gch0544 (Exp. 11/2015) 

Cons: 
- Because its a take out spot, there is very limited seating (2 outdoor tables, and couple seats inside)
- No restroom :( 

I would go back to try other menu options, but I would go to their other location on Shur Ln, because its bigger and had more seating options.
Solid set of ribs, the sauce is excellent and has a good heat and tanginess to it. They can give you small plastic containers if you want more sauce. $12 for a half rack. Although the ribs were flavorful, they were a bit dry. Will stop by again to try the chicken and rib combo. This location is ideally for take-out, as it's literally a small shop with like 4-5 seats next to a window. I would also try their house root beer and bourbon pecan pie. All of it is rock solid and affordable.
Really used to think highly of Dekes. Maybe it is a one time fluke but i don't think I'd take the chance and eat here again.  Picked up an order of fried mac n cheese balls,  4 burnt to a crisp balls for $6! Burnt fries in our platter and to top it off a big eggshell in my cornbread.  Disappointed.
Deke's use to be my favorite go to for wings, but something is not right about the quality of their poultry lately.  The last two orders were wings with thick, rubbery skin.  I will stick with their brisket from now on.
It's alright. We got the Brisket Cheese-stake signature sandwich, full bbq chicken wings and loaded potatoes.  

Brisket sandwich - the amount of actual Brisket was less than I expected in the sandwich, it was more bread than the inside. The brisket I thought should have a little bit of a crunch on the other layer but it was just moist.. it tasted good nonetheless.

Chicken wings, spicy were pretty good fell right off the bones so good.

Loaded potatoes are always good. They were good here also. It's right next to a brewery. So we had drinks from the brewing co. And had food from Deke's.. loved the combo. Good place all in all.
Some of the best ribs in the area, and for some reason we like the "hut's" (on ridge) food more than the "garage's" (on Shurs). 

The ribs are very flavorful and the BBQ sauce that comes standard is good. Not too sweet with a nice little spice. We prefer the baby back ribs, but both are lip-smacking! 

And the wings are big and juicy!! It comes as a whole wing, so when you are ordering 5 wings here, it's equivalent to 10 wings at a normal restaurant/bar. And the whole chicken is delicious as well. Very, very moist!

Cornbread, normally I don't enjoy cornbread. Here it's so good!! Sweet and a bit on the dense side but just the right amount of fluffy. So tasty.

Also, the root beer is good! Well one of us swears by it, and one of us doesn't drink root beer. But every time we go, one makes sure we take it home!! A great meal here and some good combos, too! Try it out! Great BBQ in philly!!
First, let me say that I really wanted to like this place. I had two of their pulled pork sandwiches at the last Food Trust Night Market and they were so tasty that I figured their ribs had to be just as good. Boy was I wrong!! First of all, you can't have your choice of sides with their meats. A warning flag should have went up then but I stubbornly went ahead and ordered anyway. The ribs were unremarkable; tender but unremarkable (not smelling any smoke as I approached is usually a warning sign to me that the ribs won't be good). The ribs were parboiled, a BIG no-no in the true barbeque world. They were also on the greasy side; I could only eat two pieces before my stomach got queasy. When I went to remove the aluminum foil from the box they were in so that I could reheat them, there was a layer of solidifying fat underneath. I immediately became nauseous. The spicy sauce was bland and the baked beans were overloaded with molasses and inedible. I had difficulty getting them to go down the garbage disposal. Thank God I had the foresight to request a tasting of the mac & cheese, it was worse than my 93 yr. old mother's and that's pretty bad! Lastly, my bourbon pecan pie's sell by date was 6/25; my date of purchase was 6/30. Does anyone check this stuff from freshness???
My daughter has vowed never to return and I must admit, I agree with her. Why is it so hard to get decent barbecue in Philadelphia? In the sixties, Philly was jumping with barbecues joints (Bea's Lawnside, Phoebe's and Audrey's are a few that come to mind) not to mention loads of neighborhood hole in the wall joints that though deceptive in appearance, served up barbecue that would make you slap your momma!  If you weren't satisfied with that you could always trek over to Lawnside, NJ for good 'que. Even the now defunct barbeque joint in my old neighborhood was better than what I got from here! (I truly wish families would learn to handle their business so that they can stay in business, then, we wouldn't be having this problem)
Now, I must continue my quest for that elusive barbecue spot that just serves up good old fashioned SMOKED barbecue w/slammin' sides. I hear the Rib Crib in West Oak Lane or Sweet Lucy's Smokehouse up on State Rd might fill the bill...

Addendum: It is now 1:36 AM, approximately five hours after eating this fiasco of a meal and I'm in REAL gastrointestinal distress! Turns out that the bourbon pecan pie was anything but, just something else to clog up the garbage disposal and my toilet. My ulcer is getting back at me for these horrendous food choices!
Brisket cheesesteak. I think I now know the difference between BBQ brisket and smoked brisket. I prefer barbecue brisket. It is juicier/fattier. Deke cuts about half inch thick brisket fillets and puts them on a roll. I was expecting chopped since it's called a cheesesteak. The good news, you'll see in the video, is the brisket filet cheesesteak reheats phenomenally well. I got the fried onions on it. They seem more like sauteed and big chunks which I prefer. The onions added a little sweetness. The brisket had some sweetness. Talkin about sweetness, holy matrimony guacamole sassafras slap my face, the pecan pie. Deke's pecan pie has to be a bucket list item for everyone, mic drop
Ordered during covid for takeout and everything was good! Food was still warm by the time we got back and they got all the extras and special requests right.

BBQ was alright, pretty good, honestly nothing to write home about. Everything comes sauced btw, in case there are some people who prefer straight meats and then add the sauce themselves. Standouts were fried pickles, BBQ sauce, and cornbread mmm

The real reason for the 5 star review is the freakin dirt pudding. OH MY GOD Y'ALL. It's chocolate mousse goodness I was not at all expecting! I was excited for Deke's in general and added on a lil pudding dessert just hoping for a treat to end the meal and was literally blessed with this dirt pudding. I could eat a gallon sized tub of this stuff no problem. I was so sad when it ended. Please, everyone, if you're at all a fan of chocolate or a nice dessert, GET THE DIRT PUDDING!!
I love the wings well done with Carolina sauce. The wedges are bomb and so is the mac. Every time I say I'm going to try something different I end up getting wings lol. I'd love to try the sliders tho. Next up.
We got Doordash on New Years Eve and learned their portions are very generous, so we had PLENTY of leftovers! 

Fritters and pickles: I ordered these thinking they'd only be ok but they were REALLY good! Basically a hush puppy with a bit of a kick I think?

Wings (mild): We were pleasantly surprised that their wings are the whole wing (Caviar site didn't mention it), so they're huge, and also very good. More of a dry wing than saucy but we loved them.

Pulled pork sandwich: Also good, a tiny bit dry but I added the dipping sauce from the fritters (seemed a vinegar based type, very good) and that helped!

Mac and cheese: Another good one - we had to reheat but that's not the fault of the restaurant, rather a product of it being delivery.

Baked beans: Delicious!!

Definitely will order again!
I'd been meaning to try this place since they opened where Tommy Gunn's used to be. Somehow I put it off for three years. I wish I hadn't wasted all that time. The food blew me away. The baby rack ribs were the best I've had in Philly.
INSANELY RUDE!!!! Go somewhere else to eat. I stopped for a second to eat in between driving for Lyft. I didn't get out of my car fast enough and one of the employees came out of the building SCREAMING AND HOLLARING at me to leave. I tried to explain to him I was driving for lyft and planned on stopping in for lunch. And he told me to go somewhere else. SO I DID. I took my money else where because they clearly don't deserve my money or my business 

*Update 8/9/19- calling me a liar just proves you guys are rude and have trash customer service. I'll GLADLY show you my lyft fares for that day. I was offline and waiting for your restaurant to open.
Meat portions smaller than described or inedible!!

I ordered a pound order of the delicious Texas Brisket about a week ago for delivery. I had ordered once before a few nights previously for the first time and I was blown away by how delicious the brisket was. That first order was a half-pound order and I couldn't get enough. I'd been dreaming about it since then. So I thought I would order the full pound the second time. When the order arrived the second time and I opened it and saw the small amount, I was a bit disappointed. I thought to myself that this could not be a pound. So I weighed it. With box, foil and sauce it came up to a measly 388 grams (0.85 lbs), which equated to the meat alone being about 3/4 lbs. Unacceptable! Considering Its advertised as a full pound ($18) and I ordered the full pound because I couldn't get enough!! 

I wrote a private message to the restaurant letting them know that I was disappointed in the qty but that the meat is delicious.  I received no response from them to that message. 

Fast forward to today. I'm again craving some BBQ, so I decide to order again. I decide to put a note in my order to ensure that I got the full qty. It read: "Please ensure meat qty is 1 pound as described as I would like my tastebuds to experience the full pound of deliciousness". 

When the food arrived today, the box was super heavy. Definitely more than a pound. It came up to a whopping 1.5 lbs on the scale. I was surprised but happy. 

I then began to feast on what I thought was going to be delicious, tender brisket. WRONG. The brisket was so, so very salty. I've never tasted meat that salty in my life! Even bacon is less salty! It was quite inedible. I looked a bit closer and I could actually see the salt granules on the meat. My friend thought I was exaggerating, so I let them taste it too. They were horrified and suggested I rinse it off. Yes, It was that salty. 

I decided to call the restaurant and let them know. I asked for the manager and Mike came onto the phone and said he was the manager. I told him that it looked like someone must have thrown half a bottle of salt on my meat, to which he asked, "Well, did you taste it?" I told him I did and that it was unbelievably salty. He then apologized and told me that he salted my brisket himself and he must have made a mistake.  He offered to either give me a refund for the meat or send another order out free of charge. I was going to get another order but then changed my mind and opted for the meat refund as I ordered over UberEATS and thought it would be a hassle. Not to mention my faith in Deke's had waned immensely. They said they would call Uber and call me back to let me know the refund was processed. 

Uber refunded me the price of the meat and the restaurant did call me back to let me know that they spoke to Uber. This time, it was a woman on the phone who continued to apologize profusely. Which I appreciated. Then she told me that the chef must have made an error "he must have sliced the meat differently". 

If indeed tonight's saltiness was a mistake, then consistency is lacking in taste.  If it wasn't a mistake then I will not support a business that plays with customer's food.  

Then there is the issue with smaller portion at same price for what is supposed to be a fixed quantity. 

Either way, I do not think I will be ordering from Deke's again. 

The good thing was that customer service in response to this issue was good. They gave me options, were nice and apologized. So that's a positive.
If your looking for quick and quality BBQ this is the spot!!!! From the pulled pork to the pickles and wedges were AMAZING! Definitely recommend stopping here if your looking to try something new!
I used Uber eats, so I can't say anything about the atmosphere or service.

I ordered Pulled pork sandwich with wedges and coleslaw, and a side of beans. The pulled pork was delish. Unfortunately I didn't get to eat it as a sandwich because my bread was a soggy mess, even though I asked for the roll on the side. I'm guessing they don't care at all to read the comments/requests. Wedges were delish as well, super crunchy, and they give you a lot. Coleslaw left a lot to be desired. 

Now on to the beans. Let me just say that I love beans, in any shape or form and I eat beans almost everyday. I've had bbq beans, I've made them, I love them. These beans though, smh. They tasted like someone emptied bottles of bbq sauce in a pot, threw in the beans and onions, let them simmer, reduce, and accidentally burnt them. That then ends up a salty, burnt tasting thick, concentrated bbq sauce, with beans. Apparently they use sausage in there too, I didn't get any.

All in all the food's great, well if you get the pulled pork sandwich and wedges.......And if they read your comments, so your bread isn't a soggy, mushy mess.
I get it- there's delicious food here. But the people who work here are rude- they are easily irritated. Now Yelp was doing a free pudding with a check in. I asked about it and the workers there seemed clueless. After explaining to them how free offers with Yelp check in worked I was told I can have the pudding in a condescending manner. No thanks. There's nothing worse feeling like I'm begging for something when advertised as "free." I have been a loyal customer to this location and even the restaurant. Now it makes me think twice before coming back in the near future.
This is where Tommy Gunn's used to be. They took out the minimal inside seating, so this is predominantly take-out unless it's a nice day and you can sit at one of the four-seat outdoor tables. NOT scenic.   The food is good though, and on a par with the original Deke's on Umbria.  This place is open for lunch, though.. a big plus.  You can get some very reasonable sandwiches here for less than $10 but a sandwich "platter" will set you back $10 (without a drink.) A "platter" includes potato wedges (no substitutions.)   Sides are big enough to share (and at 5-6 bucks they should be.)  Beans du Jour (today they had sausage, but they might have brisket or pork depending on the day.)  Beans were great as were the al dente shells and cheese.  My son and I got 1/2 lb. of brisket and pulled pork respectively.   Both were moist, appropriately sauced (KC style for the brisket, vinegar-based for the pork.)  Meat was lightly smoky and had LOTS of bark (crisp edges) which is VERY welcome to 'cue aficionados.   Wife had a brisket sandwich, which was cheap, but decided next time to go with the 1/2 lb. and skip the roll. You don't eat barbecue because of the roll.

Anyway, lunch for 3 was $42 bucks before tip (they do carry your food out to you.) Not cheap, but this ain't Wendy's, right?  Good, solid REAL BBQ made by people who know how to do it.  Will go back and try the ribs and chicken.  Tommy Gunn's was sort-of-OK when they weren't out of everything you wanted.  Service was polite, and they even have a veggie option if you happen to hang with people who roll that way.

Will definitely be back.
I'm not really sure why this place has 4 stars because it definitely doesn't deserve it. I ordered mac and cheese as well as brisket and ribs. The mac and cheese was a let down, severely lacking in flavor. The ribs were over charred and didn't have much meat on the bone. The brisket was the shining star and it wasn't even that good! There's much better bbq places in the city. Don't even waste your time or money here. I rather just go to Sweet Lucy's instead even though it's a little further of a drive.
rough around the edges, but meat heaven! this place is definitely unassuming but full of character. For my first time, I walked in and ordered rather than calling ahead, which I would do in the future to save time. The place itself is no frills, and don't expect warm service, but the food is well worth it. I absolutely loved the brisket- it had the perfect amount of fat and was so tender. The ribs were also awesome, and both meats had a nice smokey barbecue sauce. I wish I had tried the corn bread, but went with some mac n cheese instead and I must say, it's really unique! They make it with shells, and they use a ton of spices to add some more flavor to the cheesy goodness. 
Suggestion: pick up your BBQ at Deke's and then head to Pretzel Park to enjoy it picnic style
Off the path of the SRT in Manayunk, lays an assuming building that serves a powerful punch of northeastern bbq flavor. They were open July 4th as we were hungry during our bike ride into town. Friends got the 1/2 rib plate and looked and tasted great. Super tender. My wife and I split the brisket platter with potato wedges and mac and cheese. woof! I am glad we rode another 7 miles afterwards because I was stuffed. The brisket was so tender and moist with a smooth tomato based sauce. The wedges were seasoned with old bay. I regretted not having a bbq dipping sauce. The mac n cheese had a great kick to it as well. I am usually underwhelmed with NE bbq mac n cheese but this one was solid. Great place and cannot wait to explore the menu.
I don't eat out much these days, but I'm a big bbq fan who has been looking forward to trying out Deke's. 

Let me preface by saying that I spent years working in restaurants, and I always try to give people the benefit of the doubt when I receive lackluster service. In this instance we were treated like dirt for no reason at all.

My experience went like this....

I walk in and look at menu. Kid behind the counter is busy. No problem, I suppose. After taking a moment to decide, I politely wait a bit for her to acknowledge us.

Me:  Hi! 

Braces Kid: I'm listening 

Me:  Hi, i'll have One brisket sandwich, one 1/2 slab baby back ribs, one cornbread, one collard green

Braces Kid, not actually listening: Okay, so that's a pulled pork sandwich, a 1/2 slab of short ribs, Mac and cheese, and baked beans?

Me: No that's not what I ordered. 

She rolls her eyes! 

I repeat my order once more, 

Braces kid: For here or to go?

Me: For here, please.

I settle up and we wait for our food.

Braces kid chitchats playfully with her bearded coworker, eats a shift meal, brags about all the side work she did to another worker, takes a personal phone call, and 20 minutes pass by. No problem.

Other people get their food well before us. After she eats she runs into the back and eventually leaves.

5 more minutes pass and her bearded coworker puts a takeout bag on the counter and looks at us, yells:

Bearded Coworker: Excuse me! 

In stark contrast, he politely addresses a different customer letting them know their order will be ready shortly.

My companion mentions that we ordered for here, not to go. She requests some trays. He gives her one. She asks for one more and he gives her a stare. Wtf??

We end up leaving, feeling pretty negative and shocked about the experience. We intended to eat there but we pull up to the parking lot near the theater to eat instead. 

Unfortunately there was no flatware in the takeout  bag. We cancelled our movie plans and ate it at home instead.

Brisket was tasty, had a beautiful smoke ring. Coleslaw was crispy and fresh tasting. Cornbread and collards were on point. Ribs were a bit dry. Food gets a 4/5 but service gets a 0. Won't be coming back, I'm sad to say.
This place is always hit or miss and the staff doesn't usually help. I've been here lots of times and have tried most things on the menu multiple times and they're either good or bad, you never know what you'll get. The staff is usually rude and doesn't make you feel welcome. Usually my order is never ready on time. When it's good, it's good but...
We ordered Deke's for the first time today and it was really disappointing. The shells and cheese were not good. The cheese sauce tasted more like flour than cheese-- it was really thick and pasty. The collard greens were sweet -- I know some folks like to cook them that way, but just a heads up in case you hate sweet greens. The chicken wings were a nice size but the texture was rubbery and almost as if they were defrosted too quickly. Lastly, the silver lining was the hush puppies-- nice balance of salt and spice and cooked well (not dry).
Wow!! Deke's is delicious!! I had the Fat Dude which comes with fries and slaw. Everything was amazing!!  It had tender brisket, flavorful sausage, and delicious fries with a special spice blend on them. I also got their bourbon chocolate pie and it was so good!! Warning: it has a very small parking lot and it is a little dangerous trying to turn left into the parking lot if you are coming out of Manayunk. SEPTA buses turn left into a lot right in front of Deke's. Because of this people pass illegally on the right side of the bus and I almost got slammed into by three different cars as I tried to make the turn. Instead, go straight, safely turn around, and make a right turn into the parking lot.
I had their brisket cheesesteak from their food truck. The roll was fresh, the meat was tender, and their cheese sauce is one of a kind! The cheesesteak also comes with a side of pickles and homemade coleslaw.
My office building is part of Fooda - basically a service that brings in a series of rotating restaurants to serve lunch in the lobby.  Today Deke's was one of those restaurants. 

I have a sad but true story here - We were regulars at The Ugly Moose before it closed.  And we could always smell how wonderful everything cooking at Deke's was, but we never made time to go.  And then the main location closed.  We don't live in the area anymore, so we have simply never picked up their food. 

Now, I didn't have high hopes going downstairs today, after all, how good can any restaurant's food be when it is coming out of a buffet server?  Well, aside from needing heating up, just a bit, my sandwich today was on point. 

I went rogue and didn't get BBQ - instead I tried the Skinny Minny.  The combination of grilled vegetables, smoked tomatoes, goat cheese & honey served on a perfect roll?  It was great.  I'm fully satisfied (with no meat!) and the flavors were great.  I did add some sauce on the side (which I mainly dipped my chips in), but other than that this sandwich stood alone.  I made it a meal with their homemade chips - the seasonings were great- and cole slaw - unique and pretty darn good (and I'm not a cole slaw fan in general).  

Given this experience, I'm going to make time to drive by Deke's and hopefully they'll get a new location up soon!
I have been going to Deke's for years and not only is the closest bbq spot to me but, I really enjoy almost everything on the menu I have ever had. From big family meals to a meal with a friend I always suggest this spot when I'm in the mood for bbq and don't feel like lighting up my smoker.


The fat boy sandwich, ribs, pulled pork, brisket, wings etc etc are all very good. The only reason I give it 4 stars out of 5 is every now and then I have found the noodles in the macaroni and cheese to be under cooked and personally I have never liked the cole slaw. I have had the food enough to know when it's really good and when it's below it's average and I would say maybe 1 out of the 4 or 5 times I order food every year I have this issue. Otherwise this spot is great and I suggest giving it a try.
Sad to see the old stand alone restaurant go the way of the buffalo this was a suitable replacement if you loved Deke's food and only wanted take out.  
There's no place to eat inside really and outside there maybe a picnic table or two in the winter.  The food is still really amazing as I ordered a brisket cheesesteak and wedges.  Next time I might ask for extra bbq on it as the bread seemed to take over the sand which a bit.  Very sad they don't have a buffet anymore as the selection was awesome.
Best BBQ I've had in Philly! Love the ribs, and beans!
Ehh I was so excited to finally try this place because I love BBQ. But honestly, it just wasn't very good. My pulled chicken was over cooked and the BBQ flavor was not tasty. Also my boyfriend has the brisket cheesesteak and was also disappointed with the lack of flavor. The customer service was good but I will not be returning.
Just went to a party that had the Deke's food truck.  Best. Party. Ever.  Brisket cheesesteaks!  Chicken tenders with the best batter you ever tasted!  Ribs!  Fries and BBQ sauce!

How do I get Deke's truck at my next party?
Best spare ribs in the Philly area.  Whenever I'm hosting a house party or potluck, deke's is my goto.  I always get the spare ribs and the cornbread.

The full pan of ribs is a crazy amount of food.  All meat, very little bone.  Mac n cheese was great too.  Food is readily available so wait time is pretty short.   Try the spare ribs!
I got 1/2 lb of brisket and the Mac and cheese. The brisket melts in your mouth and is so tender that I was eating it with a spoon. Really flavorful meat and the bbq sauce that comes on it is incredible. I can't remember the last time I had brisket this good - and I lived in the South for most of my life. The Mac and cheese was just alright - the seasonings in it were good, it's just not very cheesy and too greasy. I'll definitely be back to try a brisket sandwich platter - I've heard that the potato wedges and cornbread are to die for.
I hate leaving bad reviews but this review only applies to the food. My boyfriend and I were starving and craving for some barbecue ribs. We found this place online based on the positive reviews so we decided to take the long drive here since it sounded good. To our disappointment, the food did not taste great. We ordered a full rack of ribs, corn bread and potatoe wedges. The ribs were over cooked and bland. Kind of tasted like it was boiled. The barbecue sauce tasted like it came from a kraft brand bottle. The cornbread was definitely not cornbread. Probably worse than the prepackaged cornbread from a grocery store. If you go to South restaurant and order cornbread, you will know what cornbread should taste like. Potatoe wedges were ok but needed flavor. Honestly, if you want ribs, go to Bridgeport Rib house. It is worth the drive.
I really wanted to try this place and I was all set to order...I called to ask a question and the rudest person answered the telephone she had the biggest attitude for no reason...thanks I'll keep my hard earned money in my pocket, or patron an establishment that will appreciate it.
This used to be Tommy Gunn's now it's Deke's satellite store: this location is open Mondays as the main restaurant (around the corner) is not  
-- this location will also accept credit cards.

All the same great food including the grandmothers recipe pickles, cornbread with honey sauce, baked beans, potato wedges, truffle mac and cheese, and of course of course of course the reason why you came there in the first place the ribs and brisket. Don't go there too hungry because you will order everything on the menu and there's nothing wrong with that you will eat it all up     ...yum yum!
I ordered the spare rib platter via Uber Eats. Let's get through the positive before we get to the negative.

The spareribs was actually great (thus why the 2 stars instead of 0).  Very meaty and tender with a great amount of sauce. I'm not a cornbread fan but this was pretty good. Right amount of sweetness and not gritty and dry like Jiffy mix. Now here comes the bad...

If you can see in the picture, the sides are very meager. That's like 1 1/2 spoonfuls of slaw in the cup that was average at best. I ordered the shells and cheese which they never put in the bad and why Deke's slid down from 4 to 2 stars. I guess the extra piece of cornbread is gonna make up for it right? Don't think so  . I'm sorry, if part of my order I paid for is missing, oh yes, some stars will be taken away in my reviews. Food's pretty good Deke's. Do better paying attention to details.
Good BBQ and was available for catering delivery as well.  Too saucy for my personal taste but the meat is tender and has good flavor.
Most Delicious. The sloppy doc is superb. Feeds two people. Shredded pork, seasoned potato wedges, gravy, cheese, coleslaw.  Don't forget to ask for Rosie style if you love pickles.  Go get it now!
Food: 2.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 2.5

I was sadly disappointed by this one. The smell coming from outside is luring, but the flavor didn't quite live up to expectations. Both the meats we tried (chicken and pork) and the sides (fries and baked beans) came up short.
BBQ is limited in the Rox/Mana area so it's nice to have Deke's around! The place is really small but they make the food quickly. The pulled pork sandwich and potato wedges are pretty good. I have to make an honorable mention about the mac and cheese...it's delicious! Dirt pudding is great also if you have a sweet tooth. 

Overall, I would definitely order from here again. Rating this 4 stars because I preferred the BBQ at Fette Sau in the city.
This is excellent bbq, and my favorite bbq spot in the Philadelphia area. We always enjoy the pulled pork, brisket, Mac & cheese, Cole slaw, and corn bread. Everything is always spot on, and they have an incredible q sauce.
This place is the bomb with the best barbecue ever! I love it! And if I lived in the manayunk area, I would literally be here everyday for lunch and dinner.

For $32, we had the chicken wing platter and brisket sandwich with fries and it was mind blowing.  The portions are huge.

It's super small here bc it's the takeout spot. Hit up there full blown sit down dining restaurant 4 minutes away. It opens at 5 pm.
The Corn Bread is to die for. I literally died. The bbq baby back ribs are good. The bbq chicken is good. But the cornbread... OMG I could eat their cornbread all day.

It has the right amount of moisture in the bread with the right amount of sweetness and some bits of corn here and there. They are very generous with the corn bread too. I think I could just order cornbread here and be really really happy. 

Anyway, I need to try their other menu options. They have turned me into the corn bread monster!!!
This was my first experience with Deke's. After a recent short fall with another barbecue spot, I was still craving the comforting barbecue goodness my heart desired. And Deke's did not disappoint. 

I went with carry out from their Ridge Ave location. It is small, and a bit of a cluster to deal with in a hectic intersection across from a Septa transit station - but there were ample parking spots within the lot. 

Ordered the pulled pork platter. Includes 6 ounces of pulled pork, potato wedges, corn bread and coleslaw. At first, I was very disappointed to learn that there was no barbecue sauce in my to go box. However, after one bite of the pulled pork I quickly learned that it wasn't even necessary. And this is coming from a barbecue sauce fanatic. (Next time I will make sure I order one of their sauces, because I just have to try it.) The pork was super juicy and tender, and I believe it was lightly drizzled with their jus sauce. Perfect amount of smokiness to enhance the flavor of the meat - instead of over powering it, which I find all too often at other barbecue places. 

The potato wedges were also amazing. Super crispy and tossed in a delicious blend of spices that went along perfectly with the pork. Seriously, they are STILL crispy after sitting alongside the pork and soaking up some of the juices. 

Cornbread was moist and flavorful. I also got a side of collard greens which were, like everything else, delicious. Perfectly cooked with the right amount of tart acidity. 

The pulled pork platter and a side of collard greens set me back $20 and some change. Which I thought was a little pricey. However, I will gladly pay that again for this quality of barbecue. A real gem of a find in Manayunk.
Deke's may be the best ribs in the area. You can't go wrong with a rack of ribs and some of their cornbread. The brisket is on point too if that's more your thing.
Went to Deke's yesterday for lunch! OMG! The brisket is what you want! It was fabulous! It was melt in your mouth tender and the bread was great - in my opinion the bread makes the sandwich and this was great! Ed filled our take-out order and he was very pleasant. We had a side of mac n cheese as well as the corn bread. Both were good but next time I would just stick to the brisket sandwich!!
I love this place...the ribs and chicken is amazing...4 stars only because the potatoes was over seasoned...aside from that, I always enjoyed it.
Dee-licious! This review will be short and sweet. Baby-back ribs are the BEST, but not everyone knows how to cook them.
 Dekes does.
We got the rib/chicken platter and it was enough for three Hubby, Kid, and Mom.
Wanted more because it was good and we're greedy. The fries were so good, my hubby ate the leftovers with his breakfast. Next up: pulled pork sandwiches!!
Been coming here for years. Everything on their menu is great but I miss the buffet they used to have at the main restaurant up the hill. My favorite is the Smoking Hog sandwich.
Discovered the food truck across the street from my job and thank Odin I did! I saw brisket cheese steak and instantly decided that sounded like a winner. Watching him stack giant slabs of brisket in a roll has been the highlight of my week so far! Got back to my desk to unroll this gorgeous sandwich! Giant slabs of brisket, grilled onions, dry rub, and melty cheese and oh my Lord this shit was legendary! The brisket was tender and for a bonus each piece had that legendary fatty end cap on it, the cheese was melty and flavorful and just everything about this was truly epic. Thank the All Father for blessing me with this delicious lunch today. Dekes has made a fan today because I promise I'll be back!
Um yes more!! This place is so good and worth the stop to pick up brisket, chicken, pulled pork, baby back ribs and honey cornbread. Also good for takeaway because the seating is pretty limited here. The meats are tender, the sauces are scrumptious and the flavour is legit! When you are feeling carnivorous, make your belly happy here. You're welcome. The portions are generous and the prices are pretty reasonable so you'll leave satisfied.
I love Deke's!!! We have catered many events from this place, from small friend gatherings, to celebrating our night before the wedding (although made my wedding dress a little tight...) with our out-of-towners! Honestly their spare ribs are the best I've ever had, and even my bridesmaid (who is from Texas so she knows a little bit about bbq) said they were pretty amazing!  Their cornbread is pretty addicting, too. 

Price is super reasonable as well. When we order in bulk, it usually comes out to about $10-$15 per person for stuffing our faces silly with meat.
This place has fantastic food. Everything they serve is absolutely delicious! Especially the beans. We've been ordering about once a week from them, and it's constantly perfect!
I love BBQ, so I was excited to find a place close to me. From first glance, I noticed it is very small. However, each time I've been I have never had an issue with parking or seating, so don't let that stop you from coming here. The staff is pretty quick at getting customers in and out as well. I've never waited longer than 10 minutes. 

I've been to Deke's a couple times now. The last time I went, I decided to venture out and try the Fat Dude sandwich. There was brisket, pork and sausage with some cheese on top. This is perfect for someone who can't decided on just one protein. The sandwich was creative and okay. One ingredient I would suggest they put more of is the bbq sauce. This would've made it better! The potato wedges are probably the best I've had in awhile. They were full of flavor. I couldn't stop eating them. The shells and cheese have a very mild flavor. I'm a cheese fanatic. I like to overload my food with it, so I would've liked a little more cheese flavor or some type of kick to it. If you don't like to overwhelm your food with cheese though, then this would be perfect for you. 

Overall, I have enjoyed my visits here. The staff is pleasant and they give nice size servings. The reason I gave it a three stars though was because of the flavor. I like to taste the flavors as soon as I bite into food, which I didn't get a lot of.
I like the food but I'm annoyed with the website ordering.    We booked the Order, then told it would take 45 minutes for takeout, after we put our credit card in and were charged.  The site should tell you how long it takes ahead of time.   

Then I tried to call to cancel as we had some times constraints.  I Couldn't get through.   The message tells you to call back.   I tried  calling 10-15 times.  No go.  

I like the food so I'll go back.  But only if I can reach them by phone.  I won't go through the site ever again.
Bad experience. Yesterday I was in the mood for BBQ. I usually go to Baby Blues but I just didn't feel like making the drive. Instead, I decided to stop past Dekes. Such a mistake. All I wanted was a 1/2 pound of brisket. I placed my order and returned home. Well the first thing that threw me off was that there was a great deal of sauce already on the brisket. Most places usually put the sauce on the side. Not a big problem with that though. Then I figured out why it was completely drenched in sauce. There was little to no meat, all fat. If I wanted a plate full of fat I would have ordered that. No wonder the guy at the counter told me they were "making it a pound". Even with a pound I had about 1/4 pound of meat. It was all fat. So disappointed. Waste of time and money.
Deke's forgot part of our order and when I called to let them know I ended up hanging up after being placed on hold for 7 minutes.  The food was below average based on the potato wedges being cold and seemed like they were set out of a long time, and the brisket being dry.  The positives for me were the way they package the food and it being a cool hole in the wall vibe.
INSANELY RUDE!!!! Go somewhere else to eat. I stopped for a second to eat in between driving for Lyft. I didn't get out of my car fast enough and one of the employees came out of the building SCREAMING AND HOLLARING at me to leave. I tried to explain to him I was driving for lyft and planned on stopping in for lunch. And he told me to go somewhere else. SO I DID. I took my money else where because they clearly don't deserve my money or my business.
This was some horrible barbecue. It taste like they cook it in a oven and they through it in the smoker while your waiting. Sides were nasty as well. Customer service was good but the food horrible. I had been dying to try the ribs and chicken and it was not worth the wait. I'm convince ppl don't know good food.
Fairly priced. Online ordering experience easy. High points: brisket, pork ribs, and hush puppies. Don't waste your time: collard greens and banana pudding. Especially the banana pudding. I don't know who recipe that was or who brilliant idea it was not include banana or whole nilla wafers should be cancelled lol. Hunny what y'all have is NOT banana pudding and y'all should just take it off ASAP. But kiss the cook for that amazing brisket and ribs.
I would have given 5 stars because the actual smokin hog sandwich was delicious, so were the pickles and fries. The coleslaw  tasted slightly old, it was very soggy, and barely and crunch. I also wish there was a side of extra bbq sauce. The presentation in the platter was also fantastic. I'll order again, just hold the coleslaw and add extra bbq sauce.
I was super disappointed in my meal tonight. I ordered the 1/2 lb brisket and a side. I've had it before and I've liked it--this time, the brisket was so so fatty that there was barely any meat left. What was there was tasty but might as well just have told me they were sold out instead of sending pitiful leftovers. Definitely not worth the money tonight.
Exceeded my expectations! 

Deke's BBQ is located across the street from the Wissahickon bus stop on Ridge Ave. 

I've noticed this restaurant on multiple occasions, but never thought to give it a try. However, the aroma of this place smells up the entire street it is located on. 
While hungry and waiting one night, I decided to indulge myself in a pull pork BBQ slider. 

Wowwwwww... it was sooo good! Been craving them ever since, can't wait to go back for more!
Deke's is a tiny BBQ spot located on Ridge Ave. across from the Wissahickon bus station. You have probably driven by it a thousand times and never noticed it, but it is the only BBQ spot in the Manayunk area. I was a big fan of the pulled pork, mac and cheese, coleslaw, and spicy BBQ sauce. Everything was seasoned excellently, even the mac and cheese. However, I was slightly disappointed my meal did not come with cornbread as stated on the menu. I will order takeout from here again, and hopefully get to try the cornbread because thats my favorite!
Delicious!!!! Not to mention it's right next to attic brewery so a combination of AMAZING food and EXCELLENT beer is perfect for lunch or dinner. Make sure you go there ready to EAT though bc you are gonna want to try everything. The chicken was out of this world, the sandwich with the coleslaw was mouth watering, the Mac and cheese was CHEESEY  and the fried pickles were perfect!! 

Seriously, this is a must try!
I just finished eating my take out from Deke's and as I'm sitting here with a full belly I had to write this review. To start, the cornbread was so good, like incredible. I love cornbread and this might be the best cornbread I've ever had. I wish I ordered more of it because just wow. The pulled pork sandwich was huge and phenomenal too. I tried the Red sauce it was the right amount of tangy. I really loved it. Not to mention they made the food so quickly. We ordered it last minute for dinner and it was ready to go in less than 20 minutes. I'm already looking forward to ordering from Deke's future. I can't wait to try more of their menu options. They are definitely my new go-to barbecue place!!
