Del Frisco's is home to one of the great bars in Philadelphia.   It's vast expanse is mesmerizing, and it becomes more vast with every delicious cocktail you quaff.  

Del Frisco's also is the place to been seen; even on a random Wednesday night, the place was jammed with glitterati, politicos and movers and shakers.   One suspects the bar has become a magnet in the aftermath of the the Four Seasons Hotel's closure and the Ritz-Carlton's precipitous decline post-Chef Ripert. 

At a recent outing, we cut a wide swath through the menu.   Everyone raved about the cheesesteak lollipops, the jumbo shrimp cocktail, the steak tartare, the wedge salad and the composed salad of beefsteak tomato and red onion.  As to the latter, the dressing was superb but the salad would be improved if the onions were soaked to reduce their pungency.

The table's entrees included various cuts of steak, the lamb chops and the veal.  The carnivore chorus sang their elation in perfect harmony.  Although not on the menu, I enjoyed a dinner portion of filler-free jumbo lump crab cakes.  The best crab cakes I have had outside of Annapolis.  

Standouts among the sides were the garlic spinach and the lobster mac and cheese.   Our friends singled out for praise the potatoes au gratin (far too dense with cheese for me), the asparagus (with sliced almonds) and the mushrooms.   I surmise the onion rings were not a favorite inasmuch there was no positive commentary.  

The table's desserts received also rave reviews.   The misnamed "chocolate soufflé" was actually a lava cake accompanied by the most gorgeous vanilla ice cream with chocolate chunks.  The other crowd-pleaser was the butter cake.   The table's cake-eaters declared it "delicious."  

There is no question that we will return.
What better way to end an eventful day that led into the evening, but with an amazing meal at Del Frisco's. As we walk in (Jason K. and I) it might have been a little past 10 pm the first thing you take notice is the decor.  Del Frisco's has 3 floors from the basement to the main floor, leading to the second floor with every floor having a tranquil state. This by far is telling you to just come in ,relax and enjoy .  
 
A former bank converted into a steak house with still a few items left behind to remind you of its past. If you should go to the basement you'll see the vault, this GIANT vault door leading you into another room. This  is where they would host private parties, with  the cases and cases of wine to be admired as you enjoy the atmosphere.  
 
The bar is another great view, with flat screens along with ample seating lining around this place of homage to the libation gods. Then you take notice to the tower of wine bottles leading up to the ceiling . There is more, Del Frisco's also has a fantastic assortment of liquors and drafts to follow. Del Frisco's basically covered the aficionado in you. I feel the libation gods would highly approve of this marvel.   
 
                                   *The feast that was had* 
 
Appetizers- 
 
Steak Tartar~ This came with toasted bread so we could spread the Tartar over it. A nice subtle taste to it, somewhat pasty. Now would I go with again? I would try something else in my opinion. 
 
Fried Oysters~ (2x) This is something we had to order again being it stole the show in the appetizer realm. This came with 2 dipping sauces, I believe one was their homemade tarter and a mild cocktail sauce. Nice sized pieces of oysters that covered the plate.      
 
Main Course with sides- 
 
Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak ~   A carnivores paradise down to the bone. This was 22 ounces of deliciousness with a peppered crust rubbed into it. Cooked to a medium rare with every cut that just melted in your mouth with every bite. Made me say "Oh my Lord, I'm in heaven"  chew some more and then unleash a moan of satisfaction. I could not finish this masterpiece, this work of art, Michelangelo himself would have been jealous.  This was my lunch for the following day , still held that amazing taste.   
 
King Crab Gnocchi along with the Lobster Mac and Cheese was shared for our sides. Yelpers .. my fellow carnivores,  these heavenly side dishes were the perfect compliment to our steaks.  It was doing a double hit, entering a state of bliss, a euphoria one might say , making your taste buds go into a frenzy. This tag team duo of cheesy goodness that had chunks of crab and lobster mixed in there. This was like I've died and gone to food heaven, a food induced coma.  A MUST order , do it you'll thank me.  
 
Dessert- (shared) 
6 Layer Lemon Cake ~ Like we needed more food , but this was something I have heard about , we just had to do it. Picture 6 layers of heaven with a lemon filling separating each layer. A soft sponge type of  cake, covered in a lemon icing that would make anyone sing with a choir.  Simply put , this was Orgasmic !  
 
The service was on point, our waitress Sasha was with us for every step of the way , making sure everything was to our standards. The general manager was there, a great guy by the name of Carmen that I met, which Jason already knew talked with us. Joking around making sure we were as comfortable as could be. A friendly staff I feel makes your meal even more enjoyable. Even with my "eh" on the Steak Tartar , this is simply a 5 star rating across the board, even if it is a chain establishment.
Del Frisco's is all bark and no bite.  

The steaks are not remotely on par with other steakhouses in the city (outside of price) and the wine for the most part is on a 300+% premium, which is significantly more than most restaurants in the city.   

If you look forward to a poorly designed 24,000 sq ft space where your table is almost touching your neighbor, come here.  If you enjoy sending your steak back because it's OK for a new steakhouse to "work on their kitchen" even though you paid at minimum $36 a steak, DF is the best place to do so.  They will probably comp the whole check!

With so many steakhouses in the city, there is little point in spending your money here unless you're dead set on impressing your friends with the enormity of the space.

Fellow Yelpers, how often do you trust a restaurant where most good reviews were written by someone with 2 or fewer reviews who has not  written since their review of DF?   The picture posted by a "reviewer" here on Yelp isn't even from the same location!  Don't let the marketing machine here fool you.  (reference their TripAdvisor review as well) 

btw...their "signature" cocktail is a lesser (Smirnoff) version of the Stoli Doli at Capital Grille which has had the same cocktail (with less pineapple juice) longer than DF has even been in existence.
First time experience and most impressed I was. This is an old bank and still has the look of it. 
They have sections for groups and little as 4 people. But the highlight I think would be having dinner in the vault itself.  It has a certain look about it that says SHE'S SPECIAL. 

The prices are reasonable for a special date setting. But the food & service is worth the price. 

I had the lamb chops and they were extremely good. Taste,  the portions, the meat quality were all 5 star.  The sides are enough to share with couple people. 

The service was very good. I wish I had gotten the waitresses name. She was very helpful in deciding what to try and her favorites. Her attentiveness was perfect for any first time visitors welcoming.

If you have a special occasion or want to impress a special guy/ gal. Or just want a perfectly cooked steak. You will not be disappointed in this place.  

I'll be trying this again, again and again
I made dinner reservations a week in advance for dinner for a group of 8. I also called to ask a few questions and subsequently felt comfortable that Del Frisco's would be a good place for this birthday gathering. The reservation was for Sunday, 1/26 at 4:00pm. As the organizer of the dinner party, I arrived a little early and asked to be seated. None of the other guests had arrived yet. One of the hostesses (Jennifer) informed me that 1) no one could be seated until all of the guests had arrived; 2) if all of the guests have not arrived within 15 minutes, my reservation would be cancelled; 3) once all of the guests arrive, they would see if they could "squeeze us in"!!!  I was stunned!  For some reason, the hostess felt the need to fire off these statements in rapid succession. 

The hostess' tone and demeanor definitely gave the impression that our business was not valued. The restaurant had just opened, so it's not like the place was crowded yet. I was so shocked that I had to pause for a minute to think. I wondered: what just happened here? After thinking for a minute about what to do, I decided to go to another restaurant. After all, why spend $500 in a restaurant that doesn't want your business. So I told the hostess that this would not work. I knew that all of the guests would not be arriving at the same time, as they were coming from different locations. So I decided to go to another restaurant. I waited in the lobby for the other guests and using my cell phone, made a reservation for 4:30 at another restaurant nearby. All but two of the guests arrived rather quickly and we walked over to the other restaurant in time for the 4:30 reservation. The other restaurant had no problem with seating us and escorting the later guests to the table when they arrived.

I was very disappointed in Del Frisco's. This is not the type of attitude or service you expect from a restaurant of this caliber. I have attended many other dinner parties at high quality restaurants and never experienced anything like this.

Fortunately, there are many other great restaurants nearby in Center City.
Damn you restaurant week!  Did you learn your tricks from a drug dealer...you let people sample your products cheap, get them hooked and then turn them out on the street craving more....at a higher price...

I loved Del Frisco's!  We ordered off the restaurant week menu.  I went with the salad with apples and pecans...my date went with the asparagus bisque...both delish, though I loved the salad a tad more...We both ordered the filet (when in Rome...and all) and both were cooked to perfection....they came with a side of fancypants mashed potatoes....We also ordered a side of lobster mac & cheese....it was a tad over indulgent...we almost preferred it to not have lobster in it...

For dessert, my date ordered the chocolate mousse, while I had the warmed bread pudding....the mousse was spot on...the warmed bread pudding was great, but after the mac and cheese, potatoes and warmed bread, I was a bit over-carbed...so while it was tasty, it was too heavy to finish.

Bestest of all (I am making that a word) was the staff.  We were constantly swarmed by a flurry of helpful hands...and while there were many of them, they never ran the risk of being overbearing or intrusive.  Our main waiter, Jake, was perfect...everything was perfect and I can see why this place has a higher price tag in normal circumstances....

Alas, Del Frisco's you have me hooked, but I don't know how quickly I can return to your warm caress.  While I am off in the world eating less worthy morsels, I will be thinking of you...
Restaurant week review. Definetly would return to this restaurant for the amazing architecture and out of this world steak. $35 restaurant week deal is truly a steal considering the filet mignon itself normally is over $40 alone.

Appetizer was choice of salads or a soup. I had ceaser salad and the dressing was perfect. Dessert was a choice between mouse and cheesecake and I chose wrong with the mouse. It was so rich and dense I had to "force myself" to finish it haha The cheesecake hwr was light and delicious. I definetly had dessert envy.
Wow, this place is great. We were able to get in without a reservation, out hotel gave them a call and they had a space for us. The place is huge, but it was quite crowded. It is located in an old bank building and is stunning. Everything about this place is great.

They have great steaks, no question, cooked exactly as ordered and so tender. The cuts are huge. But what I loved, just loved, was the seafood. We had a crab salad which was so fresh and yummy. The dressing was perfect and there was a lot of crab. We also had a crab cake and it was just as good as any I have had in Baltimore and for me that is saying a lot. We also had lobster mac and cheese and I so wanted to eat it all. We were all sharing so we got to try a lot of dishes, but that one, I wanted to grab for myself. Next time, I am getting my own. It is amazing.

The wine list is extensive and expensive so get ready for that, but they have great California reds. The servers are so great. They know everything about the menu and even the wine. We were so so happy, and now I am hungry again.
Feedback on our experience at the Philadelphia location on Friday, May 27th; reservation for two, 8:30 p.m.

My husband and I made a reservation for two at your Philadelphia location.  We were not dining for a special occasion, rather just taking advantage of the rare opportunity to sit down for a meal together.  Our reasons for choosing your restaurant were based equally on food and ambience; we were looking for a nice meal, but also a nice experience in a unique venue.  We arrived timely for our reservation and were dressed in accordance with your business casual dress code.  So, imagine our surprise when we were led to a "slush table".  Yes, a slush table.  We were seated feet away from the bar, the entrance and the kitchen door, and were surrounded by diners wearing hooded sweatshirts, skin tight sweatpants, sneakers, men with shirts unbuttoned down to their navel, and couples debating loudly whether they should leave a four or five dollar tip.  Instead of being seated at an upscale Center City restaurant for an intimate dinner for two, we found ourselves figuratively perched at the snack bar at a local Wal-Mart during the Happy Hour drink special.  It was not the experience we were hoping for.  Faced with the choice of leaving or suffering through a raucous meal in a poor location, we approached the host desk and asked if we could be seated elsewhere.  I should have prefaced this review with the fact that we had, in fact, requested a table on the mezzanine level and were told none were available.  However, upon being seated, we could see that the mezzanine level was open, and that there were available tables on this level.  We were moved to a table upstairs after about 20 minutes.  However, we were subsequently ignored for the remainder of our meal.  The server on duty refused to serve our table, and service was shifted to one of the girls assisting her for the evening.  The manager on duty visited the upper level twice, each time walking past our table without so much as a glance. The assistant handling water service literally poured ice water on our table when she missed the glass and didn't even attempt to clean it up, let alone apologize.  Our Au Gratin potatoes were delivered to our table nearly raw; the potatoes were still crunchy and undercooked.  No one stopped by to see if our meals were acceptable or to our liking.  We were, for all intents and purposes, treated as outcasts for the duration of our meal.  Our candle, as trivial as it may seem, was not even lit for our meal. We spent $338 on dinner for two, which is not unusual for us in the slightest.  What was unusual is the way we were treated.  Frankly, we expected more from a restaurant of this caliber.  If you can extend an olive branch to those who wander in off the streets dressed for a carnival or car wash, I would expect a modicum of warmth for a couple dressed appropriately, with a proper reservation.  To say we were disappointed by our experience would be an understatement of enormous magnitude.  We were hoping to add a new favorite to our restaurant repertoire.  Imagine our disappointment in leaving a review such as this one.

UPDATE: June 14, 2016

It has been three weeks since we dined at Del Frisco's. To date, the only party who has reached out to us directly is someone in Guest Relations for the home office. And by directly, I mean she sent me a message in response to my Yelp review asking me for my contact information. I still haven't been in contact with her.
If you're in the mood for steak, then you can't go wrong at Del Frisco's. The place is HUGE and boasts two bars, one near the entrance and a smaller one on the second level. We were sat upstairs with a nice balcony view of the first floor. 

Service is, of course, impeccable and so is the ambiance, except that the music was a bit too loud and didn't quite fit with the overall theme of the place (it was more "pop" music; I think jazz or something more mellow would be better suited here). There is an extensive wine list, so it's your duty to enjoy at least a glass. For appetizers, our table went with the Cheesesteak dumplings and tuna tartare. Both were just "meh" in my book - good, but nothing I'd rave about.

For entrees, I got the 8oz. filet and we got 3 sides to share (you'll want to share, as the portions are large). Upon being served the steaks, the server asked us to cut into them to ensure proper temperature. At first glance, my "medium" steak looked okay, however, as I started eating, the middle was definitely more "medium-rare." Not a huge deal since I'm not very picky, but a tip to others - cut all the way through your steak when your server inquires!

As for the sides, the big standout was the creamed corn. I'm not a huge corn-lover, but this corn is out of this world delicious! The brussels sprouts were just okay and my husband said the lobster mac was good (I didn't have any of it though).

Overall, I'd say the food was about a 3.5, but the service were more of a 4. I've definitely had better steaks in Philly, but Del Frisco's is certainly pretty darn good. If you want to treat yourself and you've got a wad of cash burning a hole in your pocket, class it up with a night out here.
There aren't many places in Philadelphia that have the wow factor of the entrance to Del Frisco's.  Perhaps it's the soaring ceilings, long marble staircase to the "vault" or the center stairwell of wine, if you are looking to impress, this should be atop your list.

So what was I doing there?  Well, we had a gift card and I felt like redeeming it. 

The hostess at the front greeted us promptly and then led us to our table which was the longest walk to a table in a restaurant I've ever experienced.  It's not that we were walking slowly, it's just that the place is massive.  Our waitress came right over to take drink orders and detail the evening's specials.  From the beginning to the end of our meal, the service was impeccable.  Our waitress even went as far to inquire about food allergies and then advise us on which items could be modified.

The tuna tartare to start was one of the best things I've ever ate.  It was chopped fine, molded with a terrine (for a great presentation) and tossed with capers.  The crostini were brushed with an olive tapenade.  That appetizer alone is enough to come back and for its price, it's well worth it.

My steak was hefty, checking in at 22oz (bone in rib-eye) and it was quite delicious.  Whoever prepped it, spiced with a heavy hand which is how I would make it in my kitchen so I appreciated that.  I asked for medium rare and I got it exactly as I asked for.  I want to also mention the baked potato.  I tend to put butter on baked potatoes as a matter of habit but this one didn't need it.  It was just perfectly cooked, as if they knew the precise moment the moisture content and temperature of the potato were perfect and took it out and served it.  Aces to the kitchen on that one.

Sorbet for dessert just to round out the meal.  Mango, lemon and strawberry and they were among some of the best I've had.

This meal was highly worth in my opinion a great splurge place especially when you feel like being fancy.
I give it 3.5 stars.  I have to say the space is fantastic.  It's not a cozy place if you want to feel like having a private, quiet, romantic meal.  Its a huge, soaring, wide open space (too big if you ask me) that kinda pulls away from the intimacy I prefer in a restaurant.  The wine selection was very nice with an equally impressive wine (rack? - lol) area.  Actually there is an elevator shaft at one end of the bar that allows the (wine picker?) bartender to access a 40 foot high wine storage shaft.  I was having lunch so I started off with a turtle soup.  Actually it was "fake turtle" soup since it was beef based that was OK (I've had much better).   I also had a burger which was cooked perfectly (Med/rare) and was quite large.  It came with a stack of house-made BBQ chips that were pretty tasty, although a little salty for me (but I'm not a salty food fan).  For desert I had a very, very tasty cheesecake (and I'm not the biggest cheese cake fan) that was unbelievably good.  It was light, creamy, fluffy and most importantly tasty.   I would go just for the cheesecake.   The service was pretty good and our waitress definitely had the menu/specials memorized to perfection.  All things considered I think its a bit overrated and I'm not a fan of restaurants the size of small malls.  I'm willing to give it another try but I'm not dying to go back.
This is one of my favorite restaurants. The ambiance & the food are truly amazing. It is very special. We come for my birthday or anniversary. The steaks are to die for and we get the Truffle Mac & Cheese every time our favorite. The cocktails are always delicious my favorite Pear or Dirty Martini. Can't wait going back soon next month for my Birthday.
Visited Again For Holiday Dinner w/Friends & let me tell you--Del Frisco's was really on their game with attentiveness & customer service!  I always feel they do a GREAT JOB w/the food--but service can take a hit when they are busy--but the night I visited--it was jammed pack at both bars & reservations were abundant!

The food & drinks were top notch as usual and with the holiday chaos our waitress did a great job at Meeting all of our needs!!  It was a good time!
I am so off the Del Frisco's Love Train.  I have been back a few times and nothing compared to my first experience.  In fact, it didn't even come close.  The food was overcooked, which in the land of steaks, is a no-no in my book.  

The service was non existent.  Last time, there were plenty of waiters on hand in case we needed anything.  On my my recent adventure, we couldn't get our water refilled and when my date wanted a new beer, we had already finished eating by the time we were checked in on.  Bad timing.

Over the holidays, I went to a party that was catered. The room was full of people, but the waitresses kept running around the perimeter and I mean running.  Being an event planner, I know the appropriate pace and route to make sure your guests are taken care of and unfortunately they seemed like novices.  The food was not good either, mostly crudite (without dip!) and cheese plates.  I asked my friend the host who they hired and he told me Del Frisco's.  How unfortunate.  At least I know not to use them in my professional life.

It is still a good place to see and be seen since the higher echelon of Center City folks meet here.  It is also where a lot of the professional athletes end up when they stay in our town.
Philly is home to quite a few steakhouses. You've got Barclay Prime and Butcher and Singer from Stephen Starr. The chains also have you set with Ruth's Chris and Smith & Wollensky, of which the latter is one of my favorites in NYC. And of course, you've also got Del Frisco's, a "chain" steakhouse that embodies all things power lunch or expense accounts. And regular readers know that, at least in my opinion, higher-end chains like Ruth's Chris and Del Frisco's are nothing to scoff at. If anything they have consistent execution and service down pat.

Philly's outpost for Del Frisco's is cavernous. It all starts with the iron-clad gates that welcome you in. You can venture downstairs and have your meal in a bank vault. 

Or enter straight ahead and enjoy a drink at the bar, with the vaulted ceilings providing a grand atmosphere. 

Or do as the GF and I did and reserve a table upstairs to overlook it all, right next to a spiral staircase filled with hundreds, if not thousands of bottles of wine.

Old Fashioned [$14]
Knob Creek bourbon, muddled cherry, orange, sugar, bitters

I started the meal with an oft-enjoyed cocktail. Can't go wrong with Knob Creek - the orange helped to add some lightness to this well-made drink.

Diet Coke [$4]

The GF wasn't feeling a drink that night, so went with a Diet Coke. FYI - this is the type of place that won't invest in fountain soda, for reasons that are financially obvious. Interestingly though, the soda was initially completely flat. No carbonation whatsoever. The server was a bit flummoxed as well, but once we offered her a taste to dispel any disbelief (which she declined), she brought us another which was just fine. Weird.

Bread Service

The meal starts off with bread service - crusty, yeasty, and salty sesame bread. Whipped butter was served at room temp, which is always appreciated. The server stopped by to ask if we wanted some more bread, but we decided to save room for what was to come.

Del's Salad [$10]

The GF ordered the house salad, which the servers graciously split for us, much to the chagrin of the GF. A thick-cut, crispy piece of bacon sat atop Romaine and field greens, in addition to a melange of cherry tomatoes, carrots, avocado, green onions, and croutons. Ranch dressing was provided as well.

Fried Calamari [$17]
Shanghai style 

This was our second time at Del Frisco's in Philly and we had to order the calamari again. Sweet and crispy, the calamari had a nice bit of head on the end. The mung bean sprouts and pickled jalapeno offered some texture and tang, with the sweetness of the black sesame accenting the delicious sauce. Highly recommended.

8 oz. Filet Mignon [$39]

The GF went with the 8 ounce filet, cooked nicely medium-rare. This is USDA prime beef, though not aged. It had great flavor with a tenderness that's prototypical of the filet. The crust was nicely seasoned and accentuated the beef. Unfortunately, here, they cut into the steak before bringing it to your table. Understandably, they want to get the temperature correct before their patrons dig in, but in my mind, it brings down the experience a bit, especially at these prices.

16 oz. Ribeye [$45]

As expected, I went with the ribeye which was beautifully seasoned on the outside. This USDA prime beef is wet-aged for 16 to 18 days. While I give the nod to Ruth's Chris's ribeye for their superlative crust, this was still quite delicious. The deckle or cap of the steak was gorgeously marbled - clearly my favorite cut on the steak.

Onion Rings [$10]

Knowing the belly of this pig, you'd expect me to order a few sides as well. For me, a steakhouse's sides are often measured by their onions rings. Though not as crispy as other steakhouses, these were huge and had a creamy batter - reminiscent of a malt/vinegar fish n chips batter.

Lobster Mac n Cheese [$18]

When I see lobster mac n cheese on the menu, it will be ordered. This was creamy and the briny essence of the lobster comes through nicely, with a few chunks of lobster interspersed throughout. The top of the mac n cheese was nicely crispy, offering some texture to each bite. 

And with that, our meal was over, with plenty of leftovers for the next day. Other than the flat soda ($4!!), the meal was on point and service was excellent. Though Barclay Prime and Ruth's Chris remain my favorites in Philly, Del Frisco's offers a great meal as well. Not that Kanye West and Kim Kardashian's choices for fine dining are anything to consider (they're not), but they did enjoy a meal here when they were last in town.

And about a week later, we received a thank you card from Del Frisco's. Certainly a nice touch and definitely appreciated!
With prices that will kill your wallet, Del Frisco's may be a bit too pricey for the casual eater, but the quality of the food makes up for it with flying colors.

Honestly, I probably never would've come to Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House if not for Restaurant Week 2016. I've always thought that high end steakhouses/seafood restaurants were generally a waste of money, especially the cult like obsession people seem to have for steak. But then I go to a really good steakhouse and find myself not only eating the steak but my own words. Del Frisco's, housed in an old bank with a cathedral-high ceiling and a dining room in the old vault downstairs, makes really great food that (almost) justifies the price.

For Restaurant Week 2016, I received three courses for $35, an excellent deal for the type of food you'll be getting.  My girlfriend and I both started with the Baby Greens Salad with candied pecans, green apples and a housemade dijon cider vinaigrette. As far as salads go, it was a great way to start the meal, with a good balance of sweet pecans, tart green apples finely cut, and a balanced yet still acidic vinaigrette. 

For our next course, I ordered the Prime Pork Porterhouse with mushroom madeira sauce and château potatoes, and my girlfriend opted for the 8 oz. Filet Mignon with château potatoes, and yeah, we split a Lobster Mac & Cheese. I thought for sure I'd be getting a small portion, but I got a huge slice of pork with the bone still in it. It was mostly perfectly cooked (there were maybe two bites overdone), and I adored the mushroom sauce and the scrumptious-and-filling mashed potatoes. But honestly, and it pains me to say, I wish I got the steak, which was cooked a perfect medium and the beef melts in your mouth while bursting with all those delicious juices. And yeah, the Lobster Mac & Cheese was just as good as it sounds - the cheese that perfect balance of gooey but not runny, and you get plenty for two people. 

We ended our meal with the cheesecake with a pecan crust and strawberry sauce topping and the Chocolate Mousse. Again, Frisco's hit it out of the ballpark into South Jersey. The cheesecake filling was light, sweet, and fluffy, perfectly complimenting the salty crust and the surprisingly tart strawberry sauce. For you chocolate lovers, the Chocolate Mousse is a must-order - it just a celebration of chocolate in all its forms, nestled inside a chocolate shell base.

Overall, for Restaurant Week it's an excellent deal considering the quantity and quality of the food provided. When I finally win that powerball, I'll become a regular diner. Until then, it's purely special occasions only.
We came for date night on a Friday night and were superbly disappointed. We frequent Capital Grille but had heard great things about Del Frisco's and decided to give it a chance. 

The food first - overall it's mediocre. The filet and porterhouse we ordered were cooked as we liked but overseasoned. The mashed potatoes and asparagus tasted as if they had been dipped in salt! (And I am generally heavy handed on salt!) The crab cake we had heard so much about was heavy on mayo and not anything noteworthy. 

The service was odd...you would expect professional service at a steak house such as DFs but our waitress was constantly rushing us to the point where we had to ask her to give us a breather so we could finish our drinks. (We ran a bill of over $200 for 2 people so there was no reason to be rushing us...)

Other odds and ends: they have a (creepy and inappropriate) "assistant" in the men's restroom to give men soap / bum tips. Instead he was constantly peeking over in the women's restroom to compliment ladies shoes. You know what's really disturbing? Hearing a random man's voice (but no face) creepily commenting on your shoes as you walk into the bathroom at a supposedly high end steakhouse. (wait, I mean bathroom at a nightclub?)

Overall a wasted dinner that could have been spent at one of the many other steakhouses Philly has to offer!
I've been to DF in NYC maybe 50 times, unmatched experience.  This place is like going to Outback. Since moving to Philly we were excited to finally go back to Del Friscos and expected a NYC type experience.  In Summary we made reservations in advance for my birthday at 8:30.  We didn't get seated till almost 9:30.  They told us to stand at the bar as there was already a backup of guests waiting.  My wife is 8.5 months pregnant and they wanted us to wait at the stand only bar up stairs.  After 30 mins nothing.  They didn't even have staff or a bar tender offer a chair, or any chairs available that I could give her. She's about to pop, c'mon have some manners. 

After 45 mins she had enough and went to speak to the manager since she arranged the dinner for me. The hostess had the experience of working at Denny's.  She asked to talked to the manager and she pointed to where he was.  (Yo go get him!, going to make my wife go hunt him down?) Finally got the manager, he was surprised a super pregnant woman had been left like that (yea ok). He was able to immediately find a table upstairs since sitting downstairs is like eating at a sports bar with MMA playing on TV (srsly, it's Del Friscos, not Applebees). 

We got the typical OMG apology and a free app.  The waiters also seem like they rolled in from Bennigan's which went out of business a decade ago. Got steaks, they were good, but seriously I'm already tired of writing this review.  So much else happened I don't want to type it.  

Overall just a crappy experience, the long wait w/ reservation and making my wife stand around for almost an hour was bad when we had reservations and a toddler we needed to get home to.  But nothing was worse than the disappointment of the atmosphere, the clientele (who looked like they mistook the steak house for a stripclub), the TVs, the desolate downstairs seating, slow service, and overall lack of class and inexperience.  Even the bar tender told me they were understaffed because of the government giving out checks, lol.  Yo this isn't a time to talk politics.  Philly isn't NYC and the people are different too, I get it, but I'll just never go back.  Just so sad since I LOVE NYC DEL FRISCOS. Don't let photos fool you, it's an utter disgrace for "fine dining"
I was so full after this meal that my lungs were fighting my stomach for real estate in my abdominal cavity.  Every breathe was an affront to the stomach's newly expanded territory and I paid for it in pain.

First off, the space is breathtaking.  The ceilings are nine billion feet high and the gigantic red drapes along the walls just dare you to leap from the balcony and slide down them with your rapier to swashbuckle the villainous knaves on the ground floor, who totally didn't think you'd pull off such a daring move.  The downstairs area has a party room in an old bank vault and is cool as all hell.

The staff is remarkably friendly and efficient.

I had the chance to try the following items
beefsteak tomato and sliced onion salad
lobster mac n' cheese
creamed spinach
potatoes au gratin
Some dessert thing with vanilla ice cream, strawberries, and Grand Marnier
aaaandddd...
the Double Eagle(all the way across the sky) steak.

I'm reading a few reviews that say that the steaks are over-salted.  I don't really disagree with this.  That being said, I love salt.  Sometimes I think I was a goddamned labrador in my past life because I usually handle salty dishes better than my compatriots.

The Double Eagle is a really, really good steak.  It was prepared well and there was sufficient attention to detail.  Like any good steak house, I needed no sauce or anything.  It was a great medium-rare with very little fatty chunks.  That isn't to say that they weren't there...it is just to say that they were uncommon.

The lobster mac n' cheese was awesome.  The creamed spinach was awesome.  The potatoes au gratin were OK(a little bit of a letdown but whatever).  The beefsteak tomato and onion salad was "meets expectations."  The strawberries used in the dessert thing were really fresh.  It was a good dessert but does not hold a candle to the frozen deliciousness that you can find at another nearby cold dessert Mecca(Capogiro).

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Lethal Weapon.
Came here for a dinner with my husband. It was for a company that was looking to hire new Doctors. So this company really didn't spare any money when it came to the dinner. We were treated to some of the best items on their menu. I wasn't impressed. 

First off, their preset menu was a little too large. I felt like I was drowning in food. I ended up taking two bags of food home. I felt like an idiot carrying these bags around the city with me. 

The conference room we were in was kinda dull. It reminded me of a local community college classroom. Here you have this beautiful restaurant and this bland conference room. 

My salmon was over cooked, my husband had the Filet mignon and it was under cooked from what he ordered. What really got my goat was the cheese cake. I about fell over when I took a bite of my cheese cake. What the hell is this? It was like a whip cream texture, nothing I have ever experienced before. 

Does this place turn into a night club after 8pm? When I first arrived the bathroom was empty. The second time I walked in the entire place was covered in beauty products. Why? I've had dinner at some pretty fancy places in NYC but I have never seen any of their restrooms looking like this. It seems kinda trashy to me. I don't know why, but it just does. Maybe I've spent too much time in trashy night clubs and now I'm jade, take what I say with a grain of salt.
I have been a fan of the NYC location for some time now and since I was in Philly celebrating a birthday I decided to come here. When I made my reservations I mentioned that this was going to be a birthday celebration and I'm so happy they made a note of it because at the end of our meal they came with a complimentary dessert with a candle. 

I was immediately wowed when I walked in since the building its so beautiful. Philadelphia has beautiful architecture and this used to be an old bank that was converted into a grand restaurant. They still have the vault downstairs so check it out if you dine here. 
I started with the VIP drink since I had many times before and it's delicious. For an appetizer I shared the crab cake and bacon strip with the birthday boy and we were both very happy with both selections. The crab cake it's just pretty much crab lump meat very little breading in a Cajun lobster sauce, one of the best crap cakes I ever had. The bacon strip was a very thick bacon strip which was full of flavor and you need a steak knife to eat it, it had a little too much pepper for my taste but this didn't stop me from stuffing myself with it. 
For our entree we shared a 24oz porter house with a side of lobster Mac and cheese. The steak was cooked to perfection and as always superb. The Mac and cheese was good but nothing to rave about it. 
I can't say enough good things about this restaurant and they are as great as the one I frequent in NYC.
Let me start by saying the food was delicious, always is. We thoroughly enjoyed our meal. I had the petite filet, creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin. My partner had a salad and cheesesteak egg rolls. And as you can see I started with a VIP immediately upon being sat because what we went through at the host stand was infuriating...

When we arrived my partner was wearing a hoodie. ALICE, who I also believe is a manager informed us that he wouldn't be allowed inside with his hoodie and needed to change. We left, went to a store close by to buy a shirt and then returned. When we went back to the host stand we saw someone walking out with a hoodie and asked Alice "how were they allowed in with a hoodie and we just had to leave and buy new clothes?" Her response was "I assure you they were not wearing a hoodie, we apply the dress code to everyone". Not only was that a dismissive comment but it was also WRONG because when we sat down we saw at least 5 more hoodies (im including photos of some). We pointed it out to another person working there who apologized to us and apologized for their inconsistency. Alice never apologized or said anything. Rude. 

It is not our issue that hoodies are not allowed in the restaurant. My issue is that my partner was asked to change when others weren't and I can guarantee it was because of how he looks. He has tattoos and a hoodie on him probably looks different than a hoodie on others. We felt judged and profiled and I wanted to take my time to write this because it happened, and it wasn't right. Mistakes are made, things get missed but Alice's arrogance made everything worse and made us feel invalidated. She is unapologetically rude. 

Our server was lovely, I didn't catch her name but Thank you for helping us salvage the evening somewhat.
Restaurant week can be such a hit or miss experience. I joined friends for a restaurant week lunch here and was very impressed. The space is a wow factor from the second you enter with high ceilings, large columns, and other architectural details. We were seated in the middle of the dining room.

I don't eat beef, so I was the only one from my group who didn't order steak. For the restaurant week menu I chose the lobster bisque, chicken piccata, and the chocolate mousse. Bread was served to start. It was nothing special. The lobster bisque was nice and creamy and quiet enjoyable. However, it paled in comparison to some I've has in other upscale steakhouse chains inn the city. It was missing something to give it that extra oomph and the lobster amount was very tiny. The chicken piccata was delicious!  The chicken was incredibly tender and the sauce was flavorful, but not too rich. I would have liked the light breading to have been a little more browned in a perfect world, but for restaurant week prices, it was fine. The chocolate mousse was rich and decadent, but not too sweet. 

Our water glasses  were never empty and the courses glided from one to the next. The food is good, but won't  blow you away. The stand outs here are the service and atmosphere. I'd like to go back outside of restaurant week and have some cocktails and bites at the bar.
I was here tonight for the second week of restaurant week in philadelphia. Actually the occasion was for my older brother's birthday. We made RSVP for 6 people at 6pm. Of course being asian we always run late. We finally arrived at 6:30 with 5 people and they checked us in, no problem which was really nice of them considering we were late. When I first walked in, I was in awe at what a beautiful place this was. The architecture is magnificent. The red drapings on the wall makes a beautiful silhouette for this historic bank. However the music choice was very strange for a classy place like this they were playing top 40 pop rock. Also waitresses were dressed in very short, tight dresses with fishnet stockings and heels.

When we first sat down my sister noticed broken plates underneath our table, I then notified our waiter and he simply picked it up with his hands and threw it out. No sweeping, didn't ask us if we wanted to be moved to another table nor did he apologize. There were still shattered sharp pieces left on the floor and we were dining with my 3 year old niece who could've done what kids do, fall or crawl on the ground. I found that unacceptable and unprofessional. Our waiter Jason then started us off with warm bread and butter. After we finished our bread nothing was cleared off the table (including plates, knives and crumbs) 

My family started with 2 soups (lobster bisque) and 2 salads (greens with Granny Smith apples, candied pecans and Dijon cider vinaigrette). The soup was alright, not bad but not good however no lobster was found in the soup. The salad was completely overdressed. As much as I wanted to enjoy it, the dressing was too sour and tart. If they were light handed with the dressing then I might've enjoyed the salad more. Our waters were always filled throughout the night which was good. Our wait in between appetizer and main entree was approximately 20 min.

For the main entree we all had the 8oz filet mignon which came with château potatoes. The plates came out piping hot, not a joke my sister burned her fingers touching it by accident. (after i brought it to our waiter's attention, he brought us ice and burn spray however he ended up dropping all the ice on the floor and left it there to melt. The manager then came out to see if she was alright) They asked us to cut our steaks to see if they were the right temperature. The steak itself wasn't bad, great cut, good crust, tender and melted in our mouthes. The only thing was it was over seasoned and entirely too salty. The château potatoes were also a bit over seasoned as well. Together it was hard to finish due to the overpowering seasoning on the steak and salty side. My sister also ordered Mac N Cheese for my niece. They only had lobster mac n cheese but she just wanted plain mac n cheese and that's what she got. The Mac N Cheese had a nice panko crust, cheese was gooey, and pasta was al dente, delicious.

After about 20 minutes our waiter brought out our desserts. We ordered 3 chocolate mousse and 1 cheesecake. The chocolate mousse was dense and it sat in a chocolate cup. After 3 bites it became too sweet. The cheesecake was whipped and different from a traditional philadelphia cheesecake. He also brought us out a complementary lemon cello cake with a lite candle for my brothers birthday. Overall the dessert was alright, nothing special or spectacular.

We then asked for the check and noticed that he charged us full price for the plain mac n cheese. We then asked him if he made a mistake with the bill and he said, "No, it's the same with or without the lobster." Well we wish he would've told us that when we ordered because we would've eaten the lobster for her. They charged us 18.50 for the mac n cheese without lobster, that's a little ridiculous. Our total for 4 adults and 1 child was 175.50. 

In the end, I would give this restaurant 2/5. The overall atmosphere and architecture of this restaurant was beautiful. The front of the house service was quick and prompt. The steak was tender and juicy. The mac n cheese was executed well. That's how they earned the generous 2 stars in my opinion. Now how they lost the other 3, our server Jason was clumsy and unprofessional. He did not take us through the menu, apologize for the broken dishes, cleared our tables, and notify us about the price difference in the mac n cheese. The food was mediocre. The salad was over dressed. The steak and potatoes were over seasoned. For a restaurant that is supposed to be top notch, we did not receive an over the top luxurious experience. We were disappointed as we've heard many great things about this restaurant but it did not live up to our expectations or standards. We appreciated the complementary cake and brief attention from the management team. We probably will not return. I'd recommend Barclay Prime if you want a high end steakhouse experience that's well worth the money otherwise I would save the trip or go elsewhere. Disappointing.
Being a wanna-be vegetarian doesn't mean I can't review a steak house, right?  Right.  So here I go.  I sat downstairs in the vault, which is a lovely place I'd like to return to.  If it weren't part of Del Frisco's.

I came here as part of a group event, so we had a limited menu and I opted for the salmon.  I was not asked how I'd like the fish to be cooked, so I assumed it would be done well.  It ended up being much closer to raw.  The bread is definitely delightful, but... they should have cooked my fish instead of pretending to.  Dessert was a banana bread pudding with vanilla bean sauce, or something like that.  Gorging on it at the time felt good, but afterward I felt like a brick had congealed in my stomach.

The vault was virtually full at the time, and the acoustics seem to amplify sound.  If you are noise sensitive, stay out of here at high traffic times.  There is also a very unfortunate dress code for the women servers.  They all wear noticeably short dresses/skirts with stockings, and I cringed every time one of them turned around or bent over to deliver or take a plate.  Not only was it very age-inappropriate for most of them, it's downright demeaning.  Why should women doing such laborious work (or any type of work) have to be exposed in such a way?  I don't think I'll return to this place ever.
What a delicious little gem this place is! Besides being incomparable to any other place in terms of its food and service, this restaurant had a relaxing ambiance. 
As critical as I am by nature, I just couldn't find anything that deserved any share of my honest criticism ( ok, one thing only: the carpeting in a dinning room needed a good vacuuming). 
Excellent service - our waiter was funny, attentive and all around one of the best I ever met. We ordered so much that I am not going to list all of it in detail. The food - appetizers, soup, meat, fish, seafood, desserts - were quite amazing! We felt very satisfied after our dinner, though heavier by a couple of pounds. 
It is a perfect spot for any special occasion!
The private dining staff was most accommodating of my dietary needs.  Round of applause for all involved!
Steakhouse with a lot of beef.

I was taken out to dinner by some alumni of my fraternity as per tradition for graduating seniors and this year the venue was Del Frisco's. We gathered in the bar area for drinks before heading downstairs to our private dining room. With the bar, unless you've waving a five dollar bill in their face, the bartenders won't get to you until you're the absolute last person waiting. It was after happy hour and I had tremendous difficulty ordering a drink.

The private dining room experience was a first for me and the selection of rooms they have is impressive. (Yes, you can eat in a bank vault if you wanted to). The food was nothing well below par unfortunately.  We had a set menu and I went with Bleu Cheese Iceberg Wedge Salad, the Filet Mignon, and Chocolate Mousse. The salad, though hard to screw up, was a disaster. The tomatoes weren't ripe and the bleu cheese dressing was in fact ranch dressing with crumbly bleu cheese sprinkled on top. The steak was over-seasoning: all I could taste was pepper when I chewed. The garlic mashed potatoes were also way too salty. The dessert was equally disappointing. I could still taste chunks of cocoa powder in the mousse and the whipped cream was too dense and sickly sweet. All-in-all, the food: not impressed, especially given the prices some people pay for it.

I've never been a huge fan of steakhouses and this experience reaffirmed this. However, I will say the interior/dining rooms are very unique. If you're looking for a cool place to grab a drink after work in center city and don't mind putting up with inattentive bartenders, stop in. Otherwise, skip it. Spend your hard-earned money elsewhere.

Pros: unique interiors, great drink selection
Cons: unimpressive food, high prices
The best steakhouse I've ever been too! I had a rib-eye steak that was melt in your mouth good with creamed corn AMAZING (the mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts were also delicious). Do yourself a favor and get the Lemon Cake--probably one of the best Lemon Cake's I've had EVER. And get the VIP drink infused with pineapple so good. Do yourself a favor and uber there. We a had two. Excellent atmosphere and service. I highly recommend this place!
It can happen, one can be very unlucky... or simply DO NEVER ACCEPT TO BE SEATED AT ONE OF THE SMALL (BAR) ENTRY TABLES... never ever in my life had I had such a poor service! SIMPLY UNACCEPTABLE.. to the point that food quality did not matter anymore!

I had to ask twice to finally get a glass of water, then had to ask twice (different waiters/waitresses) to get it refilled once, and when one waitress took away my empty cocktail glass, she did not even ask whether I wanted anything else, nor did she propose to refill my overly empty glass of water. The waitress who took my order only reappeared at the end of my meal to ask me for dessert! She simply had totally disappeared from the place for almost one hour. I saw a couple of patrons also seated at these entry-bar tables who left after 15 minutes because no one came to take their order! I think one or two waitresses eventually felt how upset I was but none did try to simply refill my empty glass of water and apologize for this poor service!! Perhaps waiters/waitress rotate for these tables every 30 minutes so there is absolutely no consistency, but this is UNACCEPTABLE. Prices are not lower at these tables!

I saw much more attentive waiters / waitresses for patrons seated at regular dinner room tables, on the other side (but none cared about me, my sad thirsty and dehydrated look and empty glasses, nor did the pseudo-maitres d'hotel always walking around but not looking for patrons' satisfaction). UNACCEPTABLE

Filet mignon, lobster macaroni, VIP drink were all almost 5/5 (as said by many reviewers, peppercorn-garlic seasoning overpowers the steak flavor but it remains a buttery melting good meat), but at this point of exasperation and disappointment, I don't care anymore...
DelFrisco's was one of the most disappointing restaurant experiences I've had in Philadelphia and I can confidently say that I will not be going back. I have been to many of the highly rated steakhouses and restaurants not only in Philadelphia but across the across the country - never have I been treated as rudely and disrespectfully as my time at DelFrisco's. 

I came here during restaurant week and requested to sit in the Vault. Although it was a unique setting, the service was painfully slow. I must have accidentally wore my invisibility cloak, because that's what it seemed like. The most memorable part of the meal was when our waitress brought out our "selected" bottle of wine. Once I informed her the bottle was two years newer than the one I ordered, she proceeded to let me know that they are out of the vintage of wine I requested, but reassured "don't worry I won't taste the difference." What kind of response is that?

There are too many other amazing restaurants in Philadelphia to be treated like a second class citizen. The last thing I want while I'm trying to enjoy a meal, having a business meeting, or on a date - is to be disrespected in front of others. For a better steak, better service, and overall more enjoyable experience look elsewhere (cough Barclay Prime cough).
I came here for my graduation dinner because steak is one of my favorite foods and I've heard many good things about the restaurant.

(+) the interior is incredible!! one of the most beautiful restaurants I've ever been inside - it's also humongous 
(+) server was very very polite and helpful

(+) lobster mac & cheese - creamy and good amount of lobster chunks
(-) crab cake appetizer - 1 lump (see photo) for $20+, pretty ridiculous in my opinion ... at least plate it nicely if you're going to charge that much
(neutral) filet mignon - yes it was very juicy but considering it was much more expensive than other great steakhouses I've been to it just felt fine to be honest
(-) calamari appetizer - oversauced
(neutral) creamed spinach side - a bit heavy as a side 

overall, the inside is beautiful so the experience feels very heightened but for the high price you're paying, you deserve food that is worth it
i was taken here for a business lunch, and when you're not paying it's hard to find anything to complain about... and yet here i am.  

i know this place is relatively new, and it has yet to get it's act together. some of our party was waiting for us when we arrived, and as soon as we were seated with them the waiter came over and asked us if we were ready to order. i hadn't even settled into my seat at this point. of course then he was mia for way too long than is really acceptable during weekday lunch. after we ordered they brought bread, which as other have mentioned was yummy and warm, although some people found it awkward ripping the huge loafs and passing it to others with their hands as we had really only just met. i didn't mind it so much. then someone came over, perhaps the manager, and asked us how everything was which was particularly amusing since we didn't even have our drinks yet and were just picking at bread. 

finally lunch arrives. i had steak the night before for dinner, so i ordered the salad with lobster. the lobster was tough and the salad was bland and it had two chunks of grapefruit stuck in it. someone else ordered the filet medallions though and gave me a taste... they were delicious, although they ordered medium rare and got one that was med rare, and two that were well done. 

the space of course is impressive if not overwhelming, but in a city not lacking for a nice steak, this place has a lot of growing to do.
The best thing about Del Frisco's is the space. Housed in a gorgeous historic building originally built in the 1820's, dining here is an experience unlike anywhere else in the city. I found myself looking around at all the magnificence as I waited for my lunch. But... unfortunately the wait was so  long that my stomach started growling and I stopped admiring the space and started wondering how long it's going to take for me to get my food. They have a business lunch special, but forgot that a business lunch is supposed to take an hour at most. The waiter was extremely slow and the food took a very long time to get served.  I had to scarf my burger down just to make it out of there in 90 minutes to get back to work. The burger was so dry that even squeezing it I couldn't get one drop of juice to drop down on to the plate. Nothing like the juicy burgers found at other Philly restaurants. I also had a chance to taste the salmon, which was a better dish but nothing special. 

On the plus side the manager was nice and very apologetic and did discount the meal. She did her part to salvage things, but the kitchen did not send out food that was worth waiting for.
We went to Del Frisco's Saturday for a 7pm reservation. The building itself is absolutely stunning. Decorated beautifully for Christmas by the way. Downstairs there is a former bank vault where you can dine as well, which is a great touch. 

The previous few times we were here we had excellent service. Some of the best we have had. This time, not so much. The food and previous experiences save this from being two stars. To be honest, this experience was more two stars. Our waiter I believe tried to be attentive but I have to assume they were under staffed. Regardless, everything was very very slow. Drinks, taking orders, getting water refills, etc.. when we were served our food, the servers asked us to cut into our steaks to make sure they were cooked to our liking. Issue was, we had no utensils. They were cleared off and not replaced. To say I was disappointed in the service would be an understatement. For the price we pay for the food, I was hoping it would be better or to what it was a few years ago. 

Food was delicious though. The app was great - we got the calamari app. We also got a Caesar salad, and that was also very good. 

Main entrees we both got filet mignons, cooked well and both were good pieces of meat. We also got lobster mac n cheese and creamed spinach. We also got a complimentary desert from the waiter which was a nice touch. 

I hate to be critical when the food is very good. But for the cost, time the meal took which was about three hours (I love long meals but this was too long) and the service, I think it will be a while before I come back.
I don't even care for steakhouses and was really just going to appease my boyfriend who I drug to numerous "hipster" restaurants as he calls them, but this was most definitely a five star experience! 
I had no idea the interior of the restaurant was so elaborate and massive, so that was certainly impressive. But Del Frisco's really impressed us where it counts, the phenomenal food. 
We went to partake in restaurant week and also decided to supplement with a few additions. We first tried the escargot which was perfection. Highly recommended! Next we both got potato leek soup which was very flavorful. 
For the main course my man got a filet which he really enjoyed. It's hard to impress this man but he really liked it! I got filet medallions in a peppercorn sauce which was pretty amazing. The sauce was unbelievably delicious and the meat was perfection. I can't recommend this dish enough!  We also shared a side of crab gnocchi which was just as delicious as it sounds! It was very filling and they give you quite a bit, so it's good for sharing. 
For dessert I got strawberry cheesecake which was the best cheesecake I've ever tasted. It was light and airy and the strawberry sauce wasn't overpowering, but just enough. 
Our waiter Dorian was fabulous and attentive. This was a wonderful experience and we will definitely be back.
Only a 4 stars because you have to spend an arm and a leg here but their steaks and food is delicious. 

For appetizers we had the crab cakes, cheesesteak dumplings, and cocktail shrimp. The shrimp were a decent portion and fresh. Crab cakes were my favorite, very flavorful. Cheesesteak dumplings were normal to me. 

Entree I got the ribeye 16oz. It was huge! I had to take half home. But it was the most juiciest and softest steak I ever had in my life thus far. We also ordered the lobster Mac and cheese, gnocchi, and Brussels sprouts. The Mac and cheese and gnocchi both had a decent portion of lobster chunks in them. Both dishes are rich. The Brussels sprouts were good but I wish they didn't cut it up so much. Ended my meal with chocolate mousse it was really good! Not super rich so I was able to finish cup. 

Service was great and ambience is amazing. They have a bank vault downstairs which is cool.
I took my husband here for a special birthday dinner and was very disappointed by the lack of service. 

We had reservations but had to still wait by the front door for about 20 mins. Once we were at our seat, the waiter came over right away to take our drink order for the first round and explained the menu. However, a few minutes later, a large party showed up and we were pretty much ignored the rest of the night. It took forever to get our next round of drinks and my husband only order a beer that came after about 20 minutes with no glass. What kind of fancy restaurant hands you a beer bottle? 

Our food was good. However, my husband ordered the steak topping on the side. When his steak came out, it was covered in the topping. We also wanted mash potatoes (which were about $12) and the waiter suggested that we get the lobster mash potatoes and failed to mention that it cost $36! Three times the cost of what we really wanted to order. We also asked several times how much items on the special menu costs and the waiter ignored us. 

Overall, the food was decent. However the service and mistakes were totally not acceptable for nearly a $300 meal. I won't be going back. There are plenty of other restaurant in the City that would take better care of there customers.
Amazing steakhouse! 

Let's start with the building ... an old bank. The architecture is out of this world, breathtakingly beautiful! There are multiple floors so make sure you check them all out because they are all very unique. 
Little piece of history ... the restaurant built around all of the original columns and the walls/ceilings. They actually had their builder copy the ceiling design to be able to extend it throughout the extension. It's amazing so don't forget to look up. The ambiance is so romantic here and sets the tone for an amazing date night and/or special occasion. 

Definitely make it a point to use the restroom ... not because the restroom itself is anything special but because it's right next to the actual bank vault. The restaurant kept it and now use it for private events. It's really cool and you definitely have to check it out. 

Okay so onto the food ... everything is al la carte. 
We decided on the filet mignon and scallops. Just an FYI you can customize anything here. So, if you want a surf and turf just ask them to add it to whatever steak you choose. 
We tried a few sides. The lobster Mac and cheese, the Brussel sprouts, the onion rings and the mashed potatoes. Everything was amazing but a few of our favorites were the onion rings, believe it or not, and the lobster Mac. 

We had to try dessert ... and we went with a recommendation from the waiter. It was the pound cake ... he swore by it and oh my god he was right. It was one of the best desserts we've ever had. 

I'm sure I don't need to say this after giving a 5 star rating but the drinks were delicious and the service was impeccable. Everything was wonderful here and only added to the great night we were already having! We will absolutely be back here!
This is located at a great spot in center city on chestnut. I had a great experience. Nice dim lighting, beautiful outlook, long bar and plenty of pretty people to take care of you. The drinks were amazing. I recommend the VIP. It was delicious. You have to try the lobster tail. I really had a great time at this restaurant and I can see myself going back over and over again.
Great night out with one of my dearest friends visiting Philly for the first time. Our server Mike was pleasant and patient. I described the taste I wanted and he suggested the perfect wine pairing for my meal. That was a GREAT start. Loved the airiness of the restaurant. Overall the food was delicious. Lobster bisque was nice and creamy, had a decent amount of lobster, and was the perfect portion. Crab cakes were nice and flaky with the right amount of seasoning. My friend loved his dry aged steak. The lobster mac was nice and creamy but needed more lobster. My 18oz lobster tail was HUGE, but not very appetizing. It wasn't tender and juicy how my tastebuds like it. Instead it was a bit too hard and chewy for my liking. The creamed spinach would've been a whole lot tastier without the chopped bacon. The meal wasn't completely perfect, but overall the experience was a good one. Of course at the price we're paying, the taste/quality of the food is important (which they mostly were), but I must say the service made up for some of what was lacking. I'd definitely go back to try other things on the menu.
I was very disappointed when I went to Del Frisco's with my husband for restaurant week. We specifically told the waiter that we would stick with the restaurant week menu and when we made our choice of the filet mignon, he asked if we would like it "oscar style" or the other style. Assuming that either style was covered by the restaurant week price of 35 for a 3-course meal, we went with the oscar style. Imagine our distress when we got the check and they had charged us an extra 30 dollars for the oscar style!! The food was good but I do not like places/waiters that operate in an almost fraud-like manner. He really tried to get us to order something from the regular dinner menu and I was adamant about sticking with the Restaurant Week menu. Yet, he managed to slip in the extra 30 dollars without explaining the difference to us. I guess next time I go to any restaurant and get any suggestions, I would do well to ask at every turn "will that cost more?"
Let me first state that if I go back to Del Frisco's it will only be for drinks while I'm suited up like Barny Stinson. The broads in this place are absolutely stunning and looking for someone to get them out of their studio apartment in the gayborhood. 6.75 for a bottle of Amstel is very pricey even in our great city, and there isn't a glass of red wine to be had for less than a Hamilton. The space is incredible and well suited for a top notch steak house but that can only take you so far. Huge columns with ornate stonework throughout the ceiling and a three story wine cellar with a spiral staircase in it oh my. Overpriced, overseasoned, oversalted, and ostentatious. Our waiter recommended a C-note lobster appetizer and the sommelier started with 200 dollar bottles. Thanks but no thanks.
Great steaks at what used to be a banking institution!

I dig the old school decor and elegance; the carpeted rooms, the padded comfy chairs, the gold railings, the high ceilings.  I sat inside what used to be an old bank vault on the lower level.  It was a quieter spot from the upstairs dining area and alright with me.  Once I got situated and ordered, the meal started with a lobster bisque which quite frankly was a bit light on the lobster.  With fresh cracked pepper on top, it sure helped to make the lack of lobster less noticeable, but just slightly.  It wasn't too heavy which I suppose was good since what was coming was definitely why I came.

For my main course, I went with a filet duo, which I was really happy with.  Two pieces of filet mignon, one side with a mushroom bordelaise and a bernaise sauce on the other.  As part of dropping off my entree, the waiter shined a mini flashlight and requested that I cut into the filet to ensure that it was cooked perfectly, which it was.  The sauces complimented the meat well.  The thin green beans and mashed potatoes that accompanied the dish were perfect.  I enjoyed every bite this plate.

To finish, a riccota cheesecake which seemed a bit oddly sliced, but to be honest I was too stuffed to care.  I didn't finish the dessert but it was really good.

Overall, I enjoyed my experience and would look forward to revisiting in the future.
Went here for lunch during restaurant week to try their filet mignon cheesesteaks. 
Food - 4 stars
Service - 2 stars 
Both my mom and I got the salad for app, which were good but nothing special. We tried the filet mignon cheesesteaks, served with fries, which was delicious! Dessert was cheesecake, which was good but not spectacular. While the food was good, service/ambiance is lacking, which is a shame because the building and architecture are gorgeous. Our entrees were brought out before we finished our salads, and I had to ask multiple times for them to refill my water. Maybe this is because we came for lunch? Either way, it's no excuse for poor service.
The decor will definitely blow you away. This is the perfect place for a business meal or a date night. I came during Restaurant Week and was surprised at how excellent the service was. The filet mignon was perfectly cooked at a medium and dessert was excellent.
My favorite steakhouse in Philadelphia!  And that's not just my opinion - Local celebs agree!  I've seen my fare share of athletes, news anchors and politicians here (including the mayor!)

First off, the servers are amazing. High in energy, and extremely knowledgeable of the menu, they can definitely make a suggestion if you're a first timer. 

Every time I've come here, the steaks have been perfectly cooked!  Top grade meat that just melts in your mouth.  The filet mignon is a classic that just hits the spot.

Enjoy your steak with one of their many sides, which I also think is the best of any steakhouse.  The lobster mac and cheese is a must, with enough crunch and flavor to get you hooked.  The side of mushrooms is also one of my faves. 

The wine list here is extensive, but I was perfectly happy with the house red. But it's nice to have options :)

I always walk away from here extremely happy, and I wish this feeling to everyone!  If you can, try dining here when it is NOT restaurant week for the full experience. You won't be disappointed!
Del Frisco's has the grandiose that I desire of a steak house. The interior of an old bank with high ceilings and architecturally suburb pillars set the stage for a classic and upscale dining experience. 

It's actually been several years since my last meal at Del Frisco's until a recent lunch. I appreciated that our server asked if we had a timetable. I thought the lunch special was the perfect concept. Gun to my head, I would've eaten an eight ounce filet midday, however steak medallions were much more appropriate. The fact that I could get lobster bisque as my soup or salad option, sweetened the deal. 

We started with the shrimp cocktail sampler that came with traditional tarter sauce, a garlic sauce and a mustard. I enjoyed the garlic sauce and the tartar shrimp dipped in garlic. We ordered a crab cake appetizer, but it showed up after our meals. 

Unfortunately, the pro activeness to monitor time dropped off, as our food arrived much later than ideal. Delicious nonetheless. The medallions, were slightly fatty, but flavorful and the perfect size for lunch. They came with little poofs of mashed potatoes and garlic green beans. 

I didn't need dessert by any means, so it was nice that there was a berries and cream offering. I could've used a little more cream to accompany my fresh berries, however the dessert actually included a decent amount of strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and blackberries. 

I wish I had the time to dine, so I hope to return for a longer experience to savor some steak.
Amaaaaaazing!
I don't even know where to start. The seafood (tower) appetizer with everything from crab legs, to oysters, to lobster claws was so frickin good I could barely control myself.
The service was impeccable.
Hostess, waitstaff, bar - ALL GOOD!
The steaks...Shut the Front Door!!! 
like Buttah!
in my mouth
on my tongue
I could do a dance...
but I won't
But I should
It it where I would like to be buried please
Mmmmmm heaven in Philly
Indeed
The ambiance here is just incredible...50+ foot ceilings with huge marble columns, the center of the restaurant is a gigantic bar with a wine cellar that reaches all the way to the ceiling. There is such a regal feel to this place. 

Expect to pay outrageously high prices. The spirit list runs deep: you can find about 40 single malts (averaging $20) and 20 bourbons on the list along with an assortment of vodkas. The Cesar salad is quite good, but not prepared table-side and there were no anchovies, which I would have liked. NY Strip ($47) is cooked to perfection and not a piece was left over. My plate was so clean that you couldn't tell there was ever a meal on it....delicious! The lobster Mac-n-cheese is just insanely good, along with the creamed spinach and sauteed mushrooms. I would pass on the potatoes au grautin.

4 adults ordered 8 cocktails, 3 salads, 1 soup, 4 NY Strips, and 4 side dishes....$585 with gratuity. It's an expensive night out, but all of the food is cooked to perfection. I love going here but think that the prices are a little out of control, hence 4 stars.
Despite considerable experience in the restaurant industry, I rarely review restaurants.  I usually don't review restaurants b/c the difference b/w great/good meals and service and poor/awful meals and service are typically a matter of due diligence, whether through Yelp reviews or the little things on the surface, like the decor, the menu, etc., that provide some indication of what can be expected.  Here, I write this review b/c there was no opportunity for me to figure out what an overpriced rip-off Del Frisco's would be.  

That's not to say that there isn't anything to appreciate about Del Frisco's: the dining room is simply stunning and the food wasn't bad.  My chief complaint is that Del Frisco is an incredibly bad value.  At the prices they set, you'd think that the service would be something better than an at Appleby's in the middle of nowhere.  But you'd be wrong.  

After I ordered my entree medium rare (from the blonde, female bartender who served me), I was asked if I knew what medium rare was--something said followed by "hot red"?  

I had no idea what I was being asked of me, not only b/c no one has ever questioned whether I knew what I was doing when I ordered a meat temperature, but b/c "hot red" is an inaccurate description of medium rare, which is a WARM, not hot, red center (to the extent the center becomes "hot" it loses its "red"-ness).  I don't mean to quibble w/the difference b/w hot and warm, but when I get dressed down like I don't have a clue about what constitutes "medium rare," I expected at least for the person asking the question to know what they are talking about.  

A bit offended at the notion of an expensive steak house asking its guests if they knew what they were doing ordering a steak, I wondered if maybe it was just a server-specific practice (i.e., going "rogue").  However, when my meal arrived, I was INSTRUCTED by the food runner to cut my steak to ensure it was cooked to my liking.  I assured him that if it was cooked medium rare, as I requested, I'd be fine with it.  But that wasn't enough and he pressed on, doggedly.  

There's a lot I could say about this service "issue," but let's just say it has been a very, very long time since someone has told me when I needed to start eating my meal.

To be sure, the steak was just as much medium as it was rare, but that's no BIG DEAL, I was starving (cross-country flight w/only 1 sandwich in b/w), and really just wanted the food runner to leave me in peace, so I said it was fine.  However, judging from how hot my plate was when it arrived (and the server's multiple warnings to avoid touching the "very hot" plate), I have no doubt that my entree had moved toward medium as it sat unattended under the heat lamp in the kitchen's window in the back, waiting for someone to bring it to me.  I suggested as much to my server, but he assured me it wasn't so.  I have handled thousands upon thousands of plates in many, many different restaurants over the years and I have zero doubt that I know the story behind my "very hot" plate at Del Frisco.  Again, normally I could care less about a very hot plate, but if you're going to make the temperature of piece of meat such a big issue, you should at least be more careful in how it's heated, which includes sitting under a heat lamp.  

There were a few other things that bothered me at Del Frisco: 1) before my steak arrived, my bartender  gave me a steak knife, but never gave me an entree fork, so I ate my steak with a salad fork; and 2) more than 15 minutes after I placed my order I had to ask for bread (my bartender/server  apparently prioritized making conversation w/a couple next to me and snapping pictures).   

At most restaurants, none of these issues by themselves or combined would be noteworthy.  But none of these things should be happening at the exorbinantly high prices Del Frisco charges.  

Among other places I worked, I spent a year before law school at The Prime Rib in Washington, D.C., which the Washington Post deemed "the Dean of the DC steakhouses."  There's another Prime Rib in Philadelphia and guess what: I just checked their menu and it  lists prices that are comparable to Del Frisco.  Hence, it makes absolutely no sense to me whatsoever why anyone should go to Del Frisco.  Granted, The Prime Rib may still require men to wear a jacket and tie, but, even if they do, the Prime Rib always had a full rack of jackets and ties for patrons who didn't have any when they arrived and it was absolutely no big deal at all for us to provide them.  No one thought anything of it: the staff was more than happy to whatever possible to provide guests with anything that made their experience more enjoyable.  Which is what a restaurant should always strive to do.  

Bottom-line: Get some value out of your $$$ and don't waste it at Del Frisco.
I've been to the Del Friscoes in Boston and the Grill and now this one...this chain does not disappoint!

I've always had a great experience and this was no different. Ever member of the staff was fantastic. Shout out to Corbin for taking such good care of us! He was so knowledgable about the menu so this review will be littered with fun facts.

We started off with the VIP cocktail, which is just orange vodka soaked in a pineapple for 2 weeks...yes please. 

They start you off with this melt in your mouth crusty bread. I wish I asked for some to go.

I didn't see any appetizers that really appealed to me so my bf agreed to split the onion rings.  They are Yuengling beer battered.

My bf got a filet mignon and I got a salad, but we shared the lobster mac and cheese cooked in truffle oil and fresh sauteed spinach. You must try the mac n cheese.

The only thing that threw me off was the bathroom was dark as hell. Ladies if your on a date bring a flashlight so you can properly check your makeup because you will not be able to see with that lighting.

Other than that I will be back!
The food here at Del Frisco's was actually pretty great. I ordered the tomato basil soup, filet mignon (rare with a warm center), and the cheesecake. The clear star of the meal was the filet mignon (as it should be), as the meat was tender and fresh and not overcooked. However, the meat was over-seasoned with black pepper to the point where it overpowered the actual filet mignon. The appetizer and dessert were both good, but nothing too memorable. 

The main issue I have with Del Frisco's (hence the three stars), is their service and overall execution of the dining experience. First, is the clear discrepency in decor between the lower and upper level. It truly feels as if there are two separate restaurants in the same building. Secondly, after being seated at 6pm, we had to wait over half an hour before our server was even in sight. We were practically jumping out of our seats just to flag someone down. Even with our waiter, we were not served our appetizers until an hour after we ordered. For an upscale restaurant such as Del Frisco's, which prizes itself on "unparalleled hospitality", they clearly need some more work in this area.
Food: overcooked steak, under cooked steak, I couldn't find their standard of Medium rare. Dessert was really delightful. But then we found a piece of plastic in the cheesecake. It is not acceptable for a high-end restaurant. We did not receive a proper apology or any compensation. 

Service: Our waitress is Nicole. She is arrogant, rude and even a little mean. She made sure to say NO to most of our request. She is almost never around. When she collected the bill, she stood at our table for 2 minutes checking each credit card receipts for tips one by one. 

Atmosphere: Great ambiance and wonderful setting. Unfortunately my seat was so close to another table and every waiter/waitress was trying to use the little crack between the 2 chairs as a pathway. It was really disturbing.

I really regretted going to Del Frisco's, where I feel like we paid to get insulted. Awful experience.
Good day!

I am no official "foodie," critic, nor a Rachel Ray replica... I'm a South Jersey girl who loves a divine meal as well as a location of grandeur, especially since I own & operate my own photography company!  

I must say I have never written a review for a restaurant, although I have had the opportunity to dine at quite a few gorgeous establishments with delectable delights.  I have dined in my 25 years from Maine, New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, D.C., Virginia, Florida, to Dallas, Denver, & Waikiki... & I have never been as overwhelmed with a completely satisfying experience from start to finish!  At least not until I dined at Del Frisco's in Philadelphia, PA.! 

I had the luck of being present at my full time job at a boutique hotel when I briefly met the CEO of the restaurant (whose name I will withhold for his privacy).  He generously shared with my coworkers & I what looked to be a standard business card, but upon closer inspection it was a gift card for $150.00!  What a lovely, unexpected surprise!  Working at the front desk of a hotel you get several offers from restaurants in the area, but this was by far the most generous one received. 

I did research on the restaurant & informed my boyfriend of the good news.  (He's the handsome guy who wrote the 1st review for Del Frisco's, Les!)  As he is 6'3" & 200 plus pounds of man he was ecstatic to hear about the chance to dine in a high end steak house!  He is the kind of man that doesn't mind spending money of quality food so the bill came to about $270.00 including a few incredible drinks.  Thanks for splurging a bit baby!  ;  )  

I am writing to say that thanks to the ambiance, the outstanding & kind staff, & the attention to detail... it was worth it!  I will do my best to recall the names of the staff who assisted us as they deserve a round of applause!  In the early portion of our evening while waiting on a table we were tended to by Ms. Akila (forgive me if I misspelled her name she pronounced it 'Ah-kee-la').  She was all smiles, very courteous & I eventually deemed her "Lightening Legs" as she moved faster than light!

Then we were waited on primarily by a wonderful gentleman by the name of Brian.  He was really down to earth, which is very comforting to a gal who has never really been a steak girl.  I knew I was in new territory, but I saw a recommendation on yelp.com from someone who dined at one of their other locations & he suggested the bone in fillet as he said it was the most flavorful... so I went for it!  Brian assured me that it was a great choice so my boyfriend had the same.  We also ordered the supreme spinach (DREAMY) & the mashed potatoes.  

Absolutely everything was breathtaking!  I must also add that we felt as though we were being treated like royalty when our entrees & sides came out.  Since the gift card was from the CEO of the company I didn't bring it out until it came time to pay the bill so that I knew I was getting the "regular couple off of the street" treatment although we dressed up.  As a young woman of an eclectic mix of origins I am very big on observing the treatment of customers in businesses as I no longer frequent those who do not treat customers equally.  My boyfriend & I had no issues whatsoever with their staff.  I was pleased to see diversity in the staff.  It definitely reflects the city's diversity & I applaud the management for that.     

I counted at least four gentlemen who served us simultaneously... that's the kind of service & presentation that I don't mind paying extra for while dining out.  They have set a new bar for restaurants!  They also selected a solid team.  I was informed by Brian that there was a four week training process & it shows in the end result.  

Thanks to the incredible impression that experience left upon me I have mentioned the restaurant every time a guest mentions dining out!  If anyone who has never been to Philadelphia is reading this please know that there are HUNDREDS of excellent restaurants that offer a delicious meal in the city, so it's not as if there's slim pickings!  I even recommended Del Frisco's to one of the toughest restaurant/business critics I know... my Mom!  Once Brian showed me the Vault room I knew I had to bring her to dine & take a tour as well.  She wants to visit Del Frisco's during the holidays & she said that that meal will be my Christmas present to her!  The building has such a dramatic presence & I thought that she could definitely host some of her many meetings there.

If you are looking to take someone out in Philadelphia & see a spectacular bit of architecture while eating the most divine dishes & being treated perfectly... you have to look no further!  It's one of those places men should propose to their special ladies in... he gets a hearty "man meal" &  she gets to be proposed to while be waited on by a bunch of men... isn't life grand?!  Hahaha!
This was my first time here and it definitely will not be my last! Walking into the restaurant, we were greeted by the hostess who was very nice in talking with us and showing us our table and asking if this was a special occasion. Afterwards, we were greeted by our waiter "Ryan" who was equally as accommodating and very knowledgeable in speaking about the menu. 

The dish that I ordered was the "Prime Rib" steak. In addition to that we ordered the asparagus, the crab cake entree and the lobster mac and cheese. EVERYTHING about our dish was AMAZING! Steak was tender, ordered well done but not too dry. The Lobster Mac and cheese melted in your mouth -it was great! The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the pomegranate martini-however it didn't change my opinion about the overall visit. 

Also- the set up of this restaurant was creative! It use to be a bank, so upon going to the bathroom I seen"the vault" and there were nice drapes covering the windows. 

I have to say I was very impressed and will definitely be coming back next time I am in Philly!
Very disappointing.  Have been to several Del Frisco's in the past, which were typically great, but the one in Philly is was not great.  The steak was very average and served almost cold, the chocolate soufflé tasted like it was two days old and warmed in a microwave and the waiter never checked back about anything.

Capital Grill or other local steakhouses are light years better. For a dinner that cost $150 per person, it was not worth the money. I will never go back to the Philly location and will likely pass on other Del Frisco locations as well.  There are many great steakhouses around, so skip this one and go to one with better food and service.
The restaurant is relatively new and I will try to be kind.  The staff was overbearing and lacking knowledge on their food and wine. The restaurant is ridiculously overpriced and the stunning room does not come close to compensating the deficiencies.
I find it hard to believe that a restaurant can not produce a steak that is edible but, they did two bites and the meal was over. The sides and apps were terrible, the wine was sub par at best. It is sad that such a magnificent space houses such a terrible restaurant.
Reservations are i name only. We had a 9 PM and we were not seated until 10:20. This is inexcusable for a 650 seat restaurant.  I could have driven to Peter Luger's in that time and enjoyed a truly classic and wonderful steak dinner.
Well what to say about this place... The food was really good. Had the 12oz filet. Probably the most tender well cooked filet I've ever had. The sides were great as well, lobster Mac and cheese, and sautéed spinach. 

I would have given a higher rating but their service was off tonight. First, got to the bar and waited like 15 minutes before the bartender served me. Then we told them we were ready to seated, the bartender did his thing, but he had to call again. That was about a 20 minute wait. 

Finally get to the table, all was fine for the most part. Waiter forgot my drink. However mad it up by giving us an extra slice of lemon cake. 

So would I go back- maybe. For the price probably not.
Stunning room. Very warm welcome. Excellent person at the door . The $25 lunch is a bargain but I like the burger at lunch. It's one of the best in the city and the fries are perfect. The wedge salad is loaded . It's one of the best value high end lunches in the city. By the way the lemon cake is crazy good. My only complaint was the noise created while they took down their Christmas decorations. Great restaurant with perfect service.
Take your normal expectations of a classy dinner environment and shoot them up about forty feet, because that's how high the ceiling are in this bank-turned-bar/restaurant. The sheer size of this establishment alone is impressive and the wine tower in the center of bar makes for some great eye candy as well. Drinks are well-made and strong, served by knowledgeable, but aloof, bartenders. I can't say much about the food, but this place is absolutely perfect to bring someone you want to schmooze.

Classy and totally worth the pricey cocktails (all are around $15) for the ambiance. Straight up baller.
We went for restaurant week, and the food was not bad. It was worth the value for restaurant week. We both got the filet mignon which was flavorful and delicious. The cheesecake was also pretty good- light and airy. The ambience was not what we expected and the other dishes were ok. The salad was just romaine hearts with cheese. Our waiter was great though! He was attentive and funny. Probably would not go again normally, but I think worth it for restaurant week.
Heart broken, disgusted, and deeply saddened!

With everything that happened in Philadelphia during 2020, it appears Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse has decided to fully embrace Jim Crow Era culture. 

Literally asking a group of black men with reservations to "go to the bathroom and change if you want to eat here." Not to mention, it was my 36th birthday.

Still, America has taught the world one thing.. YOU CAN NOT STOP BLACK PEOPLE FROM SHINING! Shoutout to Alexander at Butcher and Singer. Hope you enjoyed the Tip we left!
Overpriced, pretentious, and very average food. And by the way, the place is swarming with hookers standing at the bar looking around. It's so obvious, and awkward. To many other great restaurants in Philly to waste your time and money at this place.
This is one of our favorite places to visit.

The 40,000 sq foot restaurant has the most amazing decor.   The ceiling is beautiful.   The first floor and top level are great.  The basement has rooms in a vault which is super cool. How often do you get to see a vault or even eat in one.

They have valet in case you don't feel like finding your own parking.

Our waiter Hank was very attentive and friendly towards my 7 year old son.    Our glasses were always full and we didn't have to ask for dirty dishes to be removed.  Everything was done quickly (dishes ..drinks) as the staff was always paying attention.

I suggest reservations (we made ours thru open table).  We visited on a Wednesday nite and it was packed.

We started with Shrimp cocktail and Calamari.   The shrimps were HUGE! The calamari was Shanghai style which meant it was in a sweet chili glaze which complimented the dish.

Dinner- hubby had the 24oz powerhouse.  It's huge. He really loved it. He said he ate slow so he can enjoy each bite.  Plus he is enjoyed leftovers the next day.

I had the special which was a filet mignon trio w shrimp and crab meat.  I'm not a steak eater but I have to say they did it right.  I will definitely have steak next time I visit.  Actually it's the only place I would have steak.

For sides (which are served family style) we ordered mashed potatoes and lobster Mac & cheese.  The mashed potatoes were good.  The mac and cheese was amazing.    There were huge chunks of lobster in the dish.

The kid had chicken nuggets and fries. I'm glad I asked about a kids meal.  He enjoyed it and it was a nice big portion.

No dessert as we were full 

We went to visit the vault and my son thought it was super cool.

We will definitely be back.
I so badly wanted to write a review debunking all previous reviews that said the service and space were this restaurant's main assets. But... 

I was definitely impressed by the ambiance of this restaurant. We were seated on the second floor, so while some thought the space was too big to be intimate, we found it to be perfect. Right next to a railing, we had a great view of the hubbub going on below us, as well as the two-story floor to ceiling wine tower, yet we were away from most of the traffic and noise. 

Right away, we noticed that Del Frisco's was well-staffed. There was a sommelier who appeared to only be working on our floor, our waiter definitely knew the food, and our table always stayed clear of extra plates and crumbs, our glasses stayed full wine (the server or sommelier  would come around and refill wine glasses as soon as they were looking low-- I never had to touch the bottle), and when dinner was served, enough waiters came out so that all of our entrees were set down on the table at the same time. Impressive! 

The bread that was placed on our table was amazing, if you're a bread person. It was warm, crusty outside, chewy inside, and covered in sesame seeds. The butter was the perfect temperature for spreading. 

Our appetizer was a shrimp platter. This normally comes with 5 colossal shrimp and 3 sauces for one person, but the waiter asked if we'd like a big enough plate for the table-- 5 shrimp per person. My boyfriend's dad asked if we could do 3 per person, and that was no problem. The shrimp were cooked perfectly and all three sauces (a remoulade, something vinegary with capers, and a regular cocktail) were delish. 

All of the other diners at my table ordered steaks as a main course. Most got the filet mignon (either 8 oz. or 12), and a couple others were chosen, but I forget the cuts. Everyone seemed pleased, though my boyfriend said the filet was just okay, and that the one he had at Bobby Flay Steak last week was better. I ordered the swordfish special. I don't remember the exact description, other than "served over browned butter." It certainly was-- although the fish was cooked perfectly and was mostly delicious, the pool of butter on the plate was a little overwhelming to the flavor of the fish. 

We got a slew of sides: The onion rings were perhaps my favorite-- I'd go back for just them. They were piled high, cut thick, and had a super crispy, seasoned batter crust on them. We also got the mashed potatoes, which were a favorite of everyone else at the table. Some marinated mushrooms were ordered, but I didn't try them, and there was asparagus with almonds, which tasted... you know... like asparagus (nothing special). All sides were served family style, and we definitely didn't need to order 4 for the six of us. 

A side note about the alcohol selection: We drank wine throughout the entire meal, but although the wine list was an extensive leather-bound monstrosity, we had a difficult time finding any bottles under $100. When my boyfriend's dad said we'd be ordering several bottles and thus wanted to stay within the $50-60 range, the sommelier pointed him to the back few pages where they had "by the glass" selections. BF's Dad rolled his eyes and chose a couple bottles himself. We were in luck! We were served the wrong wine, and though we thought it was delicious, no one noticed until about half way through the bottle. Because it was the restaurant's mistake, we were able to get that bottle and repeat bottles of the same wine for the lower price of the one we ordered. Jackpot!
I have mixed reviews about this restaurant. I made a reservation for 6:30 pm on OpenTable but when we arrived, the hostess said that their system showed us as a 7 pm even though I showed her my phone with the 6:30 pm. She made us wait an additional 45 minutes for a table. The waitress was super nice and was very knowledgeable about the menu. She made the dining experience very pleasant. 

We ordered the Seared Rare Wagyu Beef Carpaccio, Del's Jumbo Lump Crab Cake with Cajun-Lobster Cream Sauce, Seared Chilean Sea Bass with sautéed spinach and Black Bean Garlic Sauce on the side (didn't end up using since it was so salty), 45-Day Dry Aged Prime Strip 16oz, Bone-in Prime Ribeye 22 oz, and Brussel Sprouts and Château Mashed Potatoes. If I could describe the food in one word, it would be "SALTY AF." Not to say that the food wasn't delicious but wayyy to salty. If you come here, definitely tell your server to let the chefs to go easy on the salt.
Terrible experience on a special night. We came to celebrate my brothers birthday. We were fortunate to have a good waiter - that was it. 

My brother and I ordered steaks. His was under cooked and mine was over cooked. I ended up sending mine back three times. Along the way, the lead waitress (Erin) spoke down to my wife when she shared feedback about the steak preparation, which we were sharing. She also put in the wrong request for how I wanted my steak could (2nd time I returned it). The manager stopped by and was equally rude. He even encouraged us to share our experience on Yelp and spelled out Erin's name.. 

We frequent high end restaurants around the world. We have never received such poor treatment when spending $600+ on a meal. 

Do yourself a favor and go to Butcher &Singer or Barclay Prime. This place is a joke.
Here for a work event. Steak was very good, slightly over seasoned but was good piece of meat. The appetizers we had while mingling in the lower bar area were outstanding. Very nice atmosphere.
Was Racially Profiled Last Night! I've been coming to Del Frisco's for years and have never been told to turn around because one of us had a hoodie on. (A Kobe Bryant Hoodie for the Anniversary of his death at that). What hurt even more was watching a Caucasian gentleman walk right by Top Flight Security with a hoodie and allowed entry. My money is Green too. Three young Black men out celebrating a book release and a 36th birthday. An Educator, Entrepreneur and Government Official. Even during COVID (when they claim "they need the business") and Two weeks after the Capitol, Del Frisco's decides to dive right into discriminating against people of color? For the life of me I don't understand how a hoodie on a black man can make you feel threatened inside of a restaurant, but then there's Trayvon Martin. I understand if your private business has a policy that patrons must abide by. However it becomes discriminatory the moment you allow someone of a different race to bypass that policy simply because their skin color doesn't threaten you. Technically it's a discriminatory policy regardless. People wear hoodies because it's cold outside! I strongly recommend nobody spends their money at this establishment and that all people no matter your race reevaluate where you spend your money in 2021. Just because Presidents change doesn't mean minds and hearts change. So we spent our $650 with Butcher and Singer! The End
Bad waiter. Service was awful.  Also there were people wearing sweatpants and gym clothes around me.  That should not be allowed in a restaurant were you spend a lot of money for the food and atmosphere. 

New York location is definitely much classier and upscale.  Won't be returning here again in Philly at least.
Pretty terrible experience. Came here for a three course lunch and ordered a salad,steak, and dessert. From the time we placed our order we were left waiting an hour and ten minutes before one of us had to approach wait staff and ask them where our food is, as our server only came back once which was soon after we ordered.

A few minutes after an employee went to check on the order our server finally arrived arrived with the steaks on plates that she had warned us were "very very hot", which likely meant were sitting under a heat lamp for quite a while. We immediately told her we would like the check and for the food to be boxed, as we were far behind on schedule at this point. There were no apologies and what had happened was never addressed. I understand that the unexpected happens at times, though this was during a quiet hour where the restaurant was 15%-20% full. Once I brought the food back to the office my steak was pretty over cooked, so I'm not even sure if they brought out the right table's order in the end.
If I could give them 100 stars it still wouldn't be enough. We were greeted by our hostess who said our table would be ready in a few minutes. Our reservations weren't for another 45 minutes. I wanted to go a little earlier so we can hang out at the bar.  She said we could but to let her know when we were ready for our table. Had a drink at the bar and enjoyed the ambiance. Half hour were seated at our table on the second floor. The staff couldn't have been anymore accommodating. Definitely recommend.
I've been to Del Friscos dozens of times with my boyfriend. He loves a great steak and I love a martini; however, my concern is not with the food it's with the service. 

We went to Del Friscos tonight and we understand it's apart of Valentines Day weekend and therefore very busy, but that does not justify the attitude we received from our server tonight. 

We sat at a table next to the bar area and immediately because my boyfriend requested he keep his already open tab at the bar and his meal separate the server caught an attitude. Once he said that she could have cared less about showing an ounce of bedside manner. After we received  our wedge salads a bus boy drops a glass behind my seat shattering glass all over the floor as well as some on our table. She comes over "is everything alright?" Of course my response is, "I'm concerned there might be glass in our food now". Appropriately she takes our plates and makes us fresh ones; however, she still has an attitude. I'm a very direct person and I asked her at the end our meal if she had a long day, and told her I perceived her as being irritated with us and she pretended to be shocked. After that conversation she comes and throws the check on our table, literally throws it on our table. Completely disgusting behavior. After the bill is paid I addressed her again and she again denied an attitude yet admitted she was irritated that my boyfriend told her he would like to keep his tab at the bar. 

I won't go back to Del Friscos for a number of reasons. I don't appreciate the attitude of this server and I don't find the demographic of patrons they allow in appealing. Del Friscos has simply lost it's stature.  Once upon time it was a suit jacket only and sneakers would never be allowed in, now I'll see a man in a sweat suit two seats down. It's not the type of environment I would like to frequent any more.
We went here on 5-26-21 because we wanted a great steak and love a fine dining experience. We were sorely disappointed. 
My wife's  filet was ordered medium rare and it was medium well. (They did correct)
My A5 waygu was cold
My daughters strip was cold and the other only warm
Server forgot our lobster mac
Service was akin to some standard chain steakhouse on a very busy night. 
Server, Joseph C, (who never introduced himself--i got name from receipt) was not even very friendly 
Even had audacity to put 20% gratuity on check after all this. He never asked how was the meal. Never said thanks for coming, or spending your $600 with us, nothing....
When I explained to the GM that I wasn't paying for the 20% gratuity but i would leave $40 (looking back should not have left anything), she merely apologized--no offered concessions or anything to help ease our pathetic experience. 
Horrible. Dont go to this double eagle!!
Yelp's 2-star rating of "Meh. I've experienced better" is the perfect way to describe my experience at Del Frisco's.

I took my husband here for his birthday and honestly, I don't think either of us would ever go back.  The atmosphere and the wait staff are probably the only good things about this place. The food is a different story. 

Simply put, don't come to Del Frisco's if you want to have at least a decent steak. We each ordered a different type of steak (a filet and a porterhouse) and both of them were EXTREMELY peppery.  They were way over-seasoned, as if they were trying to overcompensate for something.  As for the temperatures, my husband asked for rare, and it was definitely closer to medium when it came out.

As for sides, we got the lobster mac and cheese and spinach supreme, which were both OK, but not the best I've ever had. Nothing really to write home about. 

To top it off, we asked to take home our steaks and sides.  You think "hey, I'm at a really expensive steak house, they will wrap this up nicely for me."  WRONG.  They wrapped everything in tin foil, including our liquidy spinach. If we were at a pub, I might expect something like that, but at a fine dining establishment where you drop over $50 per head, the least they could have done was shell out some decent containers for our doggie bags.  

Moral to the story, don't let the awesome ambiance fool you into dining at Del Frisco's.  The quality of the food is certainly not worth the price tag, and frankly, there are plenty of far superior steak houses in the city (Capital Grille, Butcher & Singer, Morton's).
Philadelphia boasts its flagship location for the American gold standard of steak called Del Frisco's. the major difference between Philadelphia and its New York location is that the former utilizes a wet aging process (akin to marinating the meat) and the latter uses a dry aging process (think spice rubs and letting it sit). The time frame is a similar ~1 month, and the result is a spectacularly juicy steak. Especially if you're ordering their 16oz strip, which will run you about fifty bucks. And it's worth every dollar, your mouth will thank you. 

Ambience is very unique. Tall ceilings in classical decor, dim but not dark lighting, and even a downstairs vault room reserved for special occasions. Some will fault the waiting staff for not dressing according to the atmosphere, but with steak that tastes this good, who is paying attention to anything that isn't on your plate?

Overall: 5/5 order a strip medium rare and let your stomach enjoy the night
went here for a high school graduation dinner with the family. this is officially my favorite steakhouse in the city!
The food, atmosphere, and service rly was a sweet combo. I even got a free dessert as a graduation gift from my waiter.

I ordered the prime ribeye (with the bone) and oh my it was a flavor explosion. They did it perfectly how I wanted (medium) and the seasoning was done perfectly. I 10/10 recommend this steak. Some good starters were the lobster Mac and cheese and cheeseburger egg rolls. Also recommend the king crab gnocchi as a side choice. 

Our waiter did a phenomenal job. Never brought anything out too early or too late. Gave his personal suggestions too which really allowed us to trust him.
My favorite steakhouse. It's pretty big with two floors, dim lighting, very romantic. A great place for dates and special occasions. Downstairs is a vault to the bank that is their predecessor and partially preserved, converted into an additional dining space - distinctive and cool. Additional bar downstairs as well.  Large, open bar space upstairs and great to people watch. Extensive list for the wine lovers. Coat check is available, all personnel were very friendly and helpful. Great service overall.

We had Francis as our Server. He really should train servers - between his extensive knowledge, obvious love and appreciation for food (he was able to suggest food items & cooking temps according to what you describe) -provide input and even accommodate a special request to switch up one of the toppings to my steaks (yes I am that person, but I am nice about it, I swear!) his professionalism, anticipation of when you are done with one thing and ready for another, sense of humor yet still respectful enough not to overstep any boundaries made for a memorable night. Exceptional service. 

We came to celebrate my man's birthday. Not sure why I never wrote a review before, but last night the combination of food and service really stood out. 

We started out with ordering the calamari as an app, table is served warm, crusty rolls with an herbed butter. We ordered 2 dirty martinis with Chopin vodka. My only, ugh, I guess, gripe, is although mixed very well (good vodka to vermouth ratio) the vodka wasn't Chopin. I know this bc whenever we order this drink it's with Chopin, and in the event you are serving people who know the vodka they are ordering, don't change it (please. Thank you). Chopin has a slight texture and a different flavor that makes (in my opinion) the drink tastes better. That's just me. But it is what I ordered which is the only reason why I am even writing about it.

Ok on to what really matters. The food, the service. 

Food here never ever disappoints. If you've never been, go! If it's been a while, it's time to go back! My man ordered the 22 oz. bone-in strip which was AHHmazing!!! I ordered their special for the evening which consisted of 3, 4-oz filets, each topped with a different sauce; truffle, alaskan king crab, crab meat with herbed garlic butter & blue cheese a wine glaze (my least fave), but I was VERY pleased with my dish. It tasted great. We shared sides - creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin, both of which were really good as well. The medium-rare bone-in strip that my man ordered was seasoned and cooked perfectly. Still thinking about the crust on that steak and how tender and juicy it was! That stand-alone bad boy didn't need any sauce! Boss-ass-steak. 

Next visit I think I will try the Ribeye. From how Francis described it, the fat that surrounds the steak gives it a really good flavor. Yea, I'm down with that. 

All in all, we aIlways have a good time here!
Went here for lunch a few weeks back and had a disappointing experience.  A guest and I sat at the bar and it seemed as if the bartender couldn't didn't want to be interrupted while cutting lemons and prepping the bar for later that night.  This became more evident when we were ordering and he asked "how do you want you fish cooked?"  Confused my guest and I looked at each other  and baffled on what to say the bartender look at us as if we were crazy/didn't belong there and repeated the question louder and more condescendingly until we asked what were our options not knowing what they were.  Now maybe the guy was having a bad day or whatever but no need to be a jerk to patrons dropping some descent coin at your establishment.  The sand which itself was good and so was the salmon just not so much the service.  Still tipped a full 20% but reluctant to go back.   Also ended up googling "how do you want your fish cooked" and it doesn't seem common place online anywhere for any steakhouses.
My lady and I needed a place to grab dinner on Valentine's weekend Saturday night and taking our chances finding a seat at Del Friscos bar seemed like the best idea. Luckily we were able to have a couple move down so we could sit together. 

The bartender was excellent. We drank a Makers Mark old fashioned and a Manhattan - both delicious. 

Dinner was shrimp cocktail.Caesar salad, steak and asparagus. I had the porterhouse and my lady had the baby fillet. She loved hers. I absolutely LOVED mine!  The porterhouse was perfectly seasoned. Perfectly cooked. I devoured the steak and even crewed on the bone it was so good. One of the top 10 steaks I've ever eaten. I still think about it. An awesome night!



Previous Review

The restaurant took over a bank and did a great job at making it look like an awesome high end steakhouse, complete with a dining room in the old vault.

Got there for an early dinner and found a seat at the bar. Took time for the bartender to show up. Ordered a Woodford Reserve on the rocks and asked to see menus as I was early for my reservation and wanted something to hold me over.  I think the bartenders were sucked into a vortex as I never saw one again. Fortunately the manager on the floor and sommelier  came by and asked if I wanted anything. Ordered a shrimp cocktail which he brought out immediately. His name is Eric and that started the turnaround.

My buddy finally arrived and we were seated at a booth downstairs. Our waiter Andy rocked. Brought over warm fresh bread right away. Shared the specials and gave his recommendations. Since it was a special occasion - my friend is moving across the country to accept a promotion - we did it up. Split a 16 ounce lobster tail (100 bucks right there), each got a fillet minion on the bone. Sides were the recommended lobster mac and cheese and onion rings that were HUGE.  We split a Caesar salad that was delicious and plenty.  They gave us their signature lemon cake due to the problem I had at the bar which was a nice touch. Got a bottle of Cabernet sauvignon at a great price that was good.  

Have to mention Johnny Doughstacks whose line is when nature calls welcome to my stalls. Great guy. Does bathroom pampering better than anyone I've ever met. A class act.
Came with a group of 10 colleagues for our holiday celebration. Our manager had reserved a semi private experience in the vault room, which required a minimum $1000 bill and an additional 17-20% gratuity. Several of us arrived about 10 minutes early and when we checked in with the hostesses, they couldn't find our reservation. We stood around awkwardly waiting for our managers to arrive while the staff made little attempt to make us feel welcome....even though we were about to have a $1500+ meal. Thankfully, the person who made the reservation soon arrived and we were seated about 15 minutes after our scheduled time--with no apology whatsoever. 

We were eventually seated in the downstairs vault room which was very nice and held 3 other large parties. However, it was EXTREMELY loud and hard to hear people across the table. The room fit us (10 people), two other parties of 10-15, and a huge party of about 30. We were at a round table, which is always nice, but were semi squished--it seemed like they were fitting 10 at a table for 8. I dont think any of the groups were inappropriately loud, but the room had bad acoustics and it was unpleasantly loud. Also, people were taking pictures of the vault while we sat there. For a semi private experience, I expected a little calmer. 

Our service was very attentive and all the food was as expected. I had the VIP cocktail which tastes like a pina colada and our table shared a few bottles of wine. I thought it was nice, but unusual that the waiters portioned out the appetizers and sides and served us on our plates. For my main course, I ordered the filet mignon which was fantastic. 

Overall 3 stars mostly for atmosphere and service. Will return for the fantastic food.
This place is very fancy. PLUS the hostess wear the shortest skirt I've ever seen for a fancy restaurant...My guess is that this joint turns into some type of burlesque show after midnight or what not OR Chris Rock was wrong and there is "sex in the champagne" room.

I came here for a business dinner (as you may or may not know, I rarely would go to a steakhouse on my own accord) 2-3wks ago.

Someone told me this building use to be a bank...is that so? Well I really like the decor inside. I was downstairs (imagine going down the steps of those big banks)...I really didn't get a good view of the main floor but it looked dimmed...the ideal spot for shady politicians to make shady deals and have silly affairs with hostesses/waitstaff in short short black shorts that they have no business wearing in the dead of winter BUT I digress.

So I made my way downstairs...first of all the girl who was escorting me there was blond and in decent shape, cute in the face too..there was another chick there who looked just like her...i can def see someone putting a "two for one" bid on them two.....ahem..so downstairs i was led into the VAULT...

Aw ma gawd, whose idea was this? I loved it. I felt soo "exclusive". maybe it's because my broke has never owned anything that belonged in a vault hence had no reason to ever been in or see a real life bank vault...the door was gigantic..i loved it.
When I grow up, I'm going myself bedroom a gigantic vault.

The bread I was served was awwwwesome, but I was starving and shoelaces would have tasted equally good. 
We had limited selection from the menu but I went with the filet Mignon and it's funny because I wanted it well done and somehow it came out BURNT. I mean BURNT..like crispy...like wesley snipes after spending 4hrs in the hot sun BURNT...there were pieces I couldn't eat cause it was charred and tasted burnt. I was upset...more at myself for not going with the salmon.
Sides were broccoli and mashed potatoes. 
There must a potato famine in philly because they placed a huge tub of broccoli  in the center of the table and left it there for self-serve BUT they walked around with the mashed potatoes serving it on each individual's plate and walking away with the bowl. Like "helllooo...why are you walking away with the rest?" They were lucky I'm a HUGE fan of broccoli.

Dessert was delicious...sweet bread pudding...with delicious syrup. I was soo stuffed it was ridiculous, plus I had like 3 glasses of wine. 

Best part was that my experience was freeeeeeeeee :)

Will I go back? not sure. I still prefer capital grille actually.

But if any shady politician is reading this and wants to take my ass to dinner...holla at me playa playahhh!
Only time I really come here is for restaurant week. I think it's too expensive other times. Our server was on top of everything. She made suggestions and definitely knew her stuff. She was also so nice. I wish I knew her name (she mentioned it, but I have horrible memory). I didn't feel like she rushed us through our meal or anything like some places do. Not sure why she think she didn't do a good job bc she appologized for not being around more, but I thought she was perfect.

The salad with the walnuts in it was AMAZING! I loved the candied walnuts and the dressing. The bread...tasted like heaven. It was melt in your mouth goodness. So buttery and flaky and yum yum yum. I think I basically filled up on the bread here. My party got refills on the bread a few times. I ordered the 8oz filet and it was seasoned and cooked perfectly. I only ate about 2 bites bc I beyond stuffed, but from what I ate, it was delicious. We did order two sides off the regular menu - lobster mac n cheese and mushroom gnocci. Best two sides I have eaten in a long long time. A bit on the expensive side esp for how small the sides were though. That's where they kinda lose a star. They said it was family size...a family of two maybe. Haha. I was expecting maybe double the size they gave, but it was still delicious. For dessert, I'm not a huge fan of chocolate mousse, so I ordered the apple cake. It was good, but it wasn't great. It's basically a cake I could have baked at home.

Can't comment on drinks bc I didn't have any (not allowed to right now), but everyone I went with loved their drinks. Mabe I'll come back for HH after my pregnancy.
Very disappointed with the service and treatment I received at this establishment . This was my monthly girls night out 
dinner.  Our reservations were made 3 days prior. With our reservation we received a summer promotion "prime pair" which was a salad with salmon/crab cake or a steak/ crab cake with a side. Our server was "Vernon ". I am going to assume he was just having a  day. He briefly told us what the specials were but left out this "summer special. We asked him about it and  he claimed he didn't know anything  about it. He left to go find out, after about 5 minutes he comes back with one menu  that four ladies had to pass around the table . Two of us ordered the Manhatten cut New York strip  steak which the menu said it came with a mushroom sauce . We received our steak first , no mushrooms or sauce and the crab cakes came after and were cold . He took the crab cakes back and  reheated them, by this time I was completely annoyed  and wasn't hungry . Vernon told us that the special hadn't started yet and that they weren't prepared and we were the first people to order this. He smirked and said our steak should have been much smaller. So In other words I guess they did us a favor and we should be lucky. Needless to say we didn't get the mushrooms. Our server was inattentive, condescending and abrupt. I guess we weren't spending enough money for him. Mind you we all had drinks and an appetizer besides our meal. Food was ok but service sucked. I'll stick to Ruth Chris and Mortons if I feel for steak.  Worst $ 100 I  ever spent on a meal. Customer service is extremely important !
The one star is for the decor - Del Frisco's is in a beautiful open space with a stately ambiance. Unfortunately, that is just about all that is redeeming about this place.  The food was okay - we ordered steaks and a few sides. It was somewhat tasty, but a bit over-seasoned and definitely not worth the price. 

However, the service is what really led me to write a poor review: There were swarms, literally swarms, of staff everywhere, who more than periodically descended upon our table and interrupted our conversation.  At one point, the hostess, or whoever she was, noticed my friend putting some of the side of potatoes on his plate. She literally swooped in, grabbed the spoon from him, and said, "let me do that."  There was a bit left, and she says in a patronizing voice, "there's just a little bit left. do you want to finish it off?" in the meantime, we all sat there, looking and feeling very uncomfortable as my friend was treated like he was a five year old. It was bizarre, to say the least. 

I'm pretty sure you won't have to look hard to find a more pleasant dining experience for the price.
I took my boyfriend here on 8/6 for his birthday dinner. It was both our first time at Del Frisco's. 1) if you're dining at the restaurant, valet parking should not be $22. I get it, we're in Center City and its a fancy restaurant... But seriously. I'm already dropping at least $100 on dinner, give me a break! We got drinks at the bar while we waited for our table. They have a bunch of speciality cocktails that they're known for. The boyfriend loved the old fashion vs the blackberry drink they had. I opted for two glasses of wine instead. Restaurant week was also going on but I knew I'd be opting for their summer prefix menu instead. It's $55 and up (depending on your choice of meat) but you get a salad, meat, choice of seafood, and a side for that price. I thought it was a great deal for us to be able to try a little bit of everything on the menu. I got the wedge salad with avocado dressing, amaze. The dressing was so good. Then, I got the 8 oz filet with scallops and their chateau potatoes. Delicious! The sides are served family style so we had leftovers. The meat was perfectly cooked. The boyfriend got the Caesar salad, 16 oz prime strip, and the baked potato. EVERYTHING WAS SO GOOD!!! That was $70 on the prefix menu but worth it. The steak alone is $50. So the prefix menu really let's you try everything, I highly recommend it and I hope Del Frisco's keeps it as an option year round but changes the seafood options. We also got the king crab gnocchi as a salad. The best gnocchi ever!!! Omg, big pieces of crab with fluffy pillows of gnocchi. It was so good. We didn't get dessert because we were so full but the waitress brought out a piece of cheesecake with a candle for my boyfriend. Very sweet of her.

The service was awesome. Colleen was our server and she was so knowledgable and awesome. They were really busy but she was good enough that she handled the crowd very well and didn't see, overwhelmed.

The only thing that sucked is where we sat, we sat upstairs but people were running into my chair as they were walking by. I didn't have to sit in the isle but if I didn't. I'd be bumping chairs with the next table and I didn't want to do that either. They probably should have table for two seatings for those tables upstairs. It doesn't make it an enjoyable dining experience at an upscale restaurant if the customers and servers are hitting your chair the entire night

We cannot wait to come back though. Best meal ever.
We visited for restaurant week for the 2nd year in a row.  Party of 5 - 4 steaks.  The steaks were dried out before we finished them- which made me think that maybe a lesser quality of meat was served on restaurant week. I consider restaurant week a preview of a restaurant so that we would be willing to come back and pay full price.  I don't think my 8 ounce filet mignon is worth coming back and paying full price.
You know it's a bad night when a table of 8 has to send 3 steaks back for being undercooked! 

I came down here tonight to take an account to dinner. I figured I am a fan of the NYC chain so what can be different. All I can say is thank God I live in NYC. 

The place was packed and the space was huge. But I am not sure what the problem was tonight. We waited almost 35 minutes for appetizers. Had to ask to order more drinks while we were waiting and it felt like we had zero dialogue with our normal waiter. The only saving grace for my accounts was the very endowed female runners who kept filling water glasses for my clients (yes water).

We had 3 bone in filet specials, 3 22oz specials and two off the menu steaks. All steaks that were returned were  ordered medium. We had one that was still cold in the middle and two that were rare.

After speaking to the waiter and asking what the issue in the kitchen was, it was meant with a snide remark. I asked to speak to a manga her who never appeared. I am completely disgusted that a reliable chain would act in this manner. Never again.
So you get what you pay for. In a good way

I have been to quite a few steakhouses. Not everyone but lots. 

I can honestly say, I think this was the best steak I have ever had. The bone in Prime strip Was absolutely perfect. I asked for it Medium and it was great. 

The appetizers was also very nice. The cheesesteak dumplings/ wontons. Were very good. 
The shrimp app was also good. I did not have the calamari but the table said it was good. 

The sides were nice. The brussel sprouts were good as was the au grotin potatoes. The lobster Mac was delicious. 

Deserts were very nice 
The lemon cake was fabulous 
The banana bread pudding was very nice 
Heard the butter cake was great as well but did not have it. 
The only desert that got less than sparkling reviews was the crime brûlée.
I've had the opportunity to dine here twice - once with my girlfriend on a special occasion and more recently with two colleagues to celebrate a business accomplishment.

It's a staggering establishment, with a dining experience equally first class. You are extremely well tended to by a basketball team of hostesses, servers, and who I presume is a GM pacing the floor periodically.

The cocktail selection is impressive and the wine book extensive (both consistent with a top end steakhouse). I am generally loyal to the NY Strip, and I love the option to order a 45 day dry aged. The sides I've indulged in are collectively excellent - creamed spinach, lobster Mac, Brussels sprouts, and mashed potatoes. Creamed spinach (w/bacon) is narrowly my favorite - it's ridiculous.

This is totally a matter of personal preference, but the only aspect of Del Friscos dining experience that falls short for me is how they ask you to cut your steak in half upon serving (to ensure the right temperature), and how your server will dish out the side orders onto your plate. I find it to be a little bit excessive and somewhat uncomfortable.

All said and told, I would not hesitate to dine here again!
This place...ughhhh it has gone so down hill.  I stopped going a long time ago when they decided to continue to over salt and overcook my steak to death and they removed the only good dessert from their menu, the signature 7 layer lemon cake, but last night really did me in!  I only went because I had a business dinner and I ended up with food poisoning.  All I had were 3 oysters and part of 1 Alaskan King Crab leg and a bite of potatoes au gratin.  I started not feeling well after dinner, went home and proceeded to projectile vomit 3 times.  Never again.  Oh and they play super loud inappropriate music for the venue and let in people with flip flops, cut off Jean shorts and tank tops.  Zero class.
Del Frisco's food, service, and interior decor will never leave you feeling anything but fulfilled.  My first visit entailed a busy weekend around Valentine's Day where I arrived 15 minutes prior to my reservation.  I was sat nearly immediately and had one of the most pleasant dining experiences I've ever had.  

Service: The service was fantastic.  Our waiter's phone went off while he was explaining the night's specials, but he's only human, right?  He had the entire menu's contents memorized and went through them in a thoughtful, clarifying, and helpful manner.  My drink was never empty, and he even told me I had an extra sip of my Jack and Coke left in my glass before taking it!  The food came in a timely manner, the check came at the appropriate time, and he made us feel as if we were genuinely welcomed.

Food: You pay for the food, but it's worth every hard earned dollar.  I had the tomato and onion salad, which was the perfect appetizer to the steak.  Now, the steak is what I was excited about.  I ordered the 22oz Bone-in Ribeye.  Now, folks...if I know I'm going to die in 24 hours, I'm getting this steak.  I ordered it medium-rare, and it was perfectly seasoned, crispy, and cooked inside.  The hot plate kept it at the same temperature as I carefully and slowly ate my delicious steak.  To compliment the steak, I got the Lobster Mac & Cheese, the (bacon infused!) spinach, asparagus, and the mashed potatoes.  I hate the mac & cheese cold later that night and it was still better than the 2nd best Mac & Cheese I've ever had.

Dinner for 2 with 2 salads, 2 steaks, 4 alcoholic drinks, and 4 sides came out to around $225 with a $45 tip.  I wouldn't consider this a weekly place to go, but it's definitely a place you should eat at at least once in your life.
It's tradition to go here for my birthday and although COVID put my birthday plans in jeopardy we were able to go! Unfortunately the tone of the restaurant has changed completely. 

The people:
We arrived yesterday (a Tuesday) at 7:20pm. When we walked in, we were not greeted by the 5 employees standing at the hostess stand, but asked rather curtly by one of the people, "can we help you?" and the question was asked almost as if we didn't belong there. My friend was already seated so we called her and found her. She expressed when she arrived with flowers and cake no one at the hostess stand offered to help bring the items in, it was as if she were bothering them. The only positive aspect was our server Michaela who was super attentive and kind.

At the end of the night at 9:50p a man who I believe is a manager comes up to the table, interrupts our conversation abruptly and says "we close the doors at 10" and walks away. 

I have dined numerous times since the reopening of restaurants and have never received this type of treatment and especially to receive it from a double eagle steakhouse is absurd. 

Please dine at a restaurant that actually appreciates its guests.
Maybe because it was Saturday, but...service was slow.
Rib Eye was good but Veal Marsala was awful.
Over cooked and heavy gravy.
Barely touched it and waitress was unconcerned .
Spinach and mushrooms were good.
Over rated for the reputation and the prices.
How can you spend $500 on a lousy steak dinner?  Go to Del Frisco's.  The steaks were ok, although I have had better filets in Philly.  But the sides?  Absolutely gross.  Canned corn in some sort of weird sauce, asparagus spears the size of tree trunks, and cheesy potatoes with globs of cheddar.  They did comp us some desserts after we discussed our issues with our server.  Nice try.  If we plan our next $500 dinner, there are many options in the city which are fantastic.  Del Frisco's is not one of them.
Went with the RW Menu

If you are trying to cut down on your sodium level, do not go here. 8oz Filet was WAY too salty. What also ruined my dining experience would be the wait to be seated. I felt like i was standing around for over an hour even w/ reservation. I would have to say that that is a bit ridiculous. 

What saved this location from a lower rating would be their dessert. The chocolate mousse and bread pudding were quite fabulous.
Shape up guys!
We are here Sunday evening with our family. Service was excellent, but found the food to be way overpriced for the quality. Had the lobster entree which was definitely disappointing: overcooked, tough, and accompanied by so-so sides. After eating at the Capital Grille this evening, it reminded me of the lousy meal we had this last Sunday.
I came here last night for my brother's birthday celebration. I haven't been here for a few years and forgot how beautiful and ornate the interior is. It really has a fantastic interior. It's very large, but still gets very crowded, which was the case last night. And LOUD. Also, I noticed that the women who work here dress a bit provocatively. Like, short shorts and fishnet/lace stockings, low cut tops, tight little dresses, etc. So there's some eye candy for you lady lovers.

We had reservations for 9:15pm for a group of about 15. We didn't get seated until an hour later. In the meantime, we had drinks. Their vodka tonics are good, as well as their signature drink the VIP. When we finally did get seated, bread took about 40 minutes to arrive. Food ordered also took a while. I got the filet mignon, rare. It was incredibly tender and had perfect texture. Unfortunately, it was heavily over-seasoned with salt and pepper. In fact, everyone at the table agreed that our steaks were incredibly salty. Our sides were delicious but also a little salty. The creamed spinach, king crab gnocchi, and lobster mac and cheese are delicious. The onion rings are HUGE. 

Aside from the saltiness of the cuisine, what really turned me off was the service. The staff was not courteous and were borderline rude. Also, when our water was being refilled or plates were being brought or cleared, they were constantly bumping into us without apologizing or saying anything at all. When our server was bringing our to-go boxes back to the table, he just chucked it onto the table like nothing. I was disappointed in their service, considering that this is supposed to be an upscale establishment. I remember having a better experience when I used to come here a few years ago.

If the service was better, as it SHOULD be, I would give this place 4/5 stars for the beautiful layout of this place and how delicious the food is, despite the saltiness of their steaks. But the service really blew it for me.
