When my boyfriend and I are tired from driving around town, running errands, Del Rossi's always comes to mind when we want to make one last stop to pick up dinner. It's basically... our Wawa. Why? Their pick up is so fast and easy! Call in to place your order, and your food is usually ready for pick up within 10 minutes. 

As far as the actual food goes, it's decent but definitely nothing to rave about. They have all the binge basics - steaks, hoagies, burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, and pizzas. If you're looking for something healthy and nutritious, a salad might be your best bet. I usually get some sort of chicken sandwich, and if I'm trying to be somewhat healthy, I'll eat the chicken and veggies from the sandwich and pass on the roll. I've definitely had those days when I'm willing to splurge though and eat the roll too. YOLO.

Prices are fantastic for the food you get. My sandwich usually comes out to roughly $10 and it is huge. I can never get through the whole thing, and love having leftovers for lazy day eats.

I suggest this to anyone looking for a quick and easy, but sufficient meal. Advice for the health conscious: get a salad or do what I do and and get a sandwich and eat it sans roll or open faced!

PRO TIP: check in on Yelp for a free fountain soda!
Solid takeout/delivery option in the area. 

Oddly, trash influenced my decision to order from Del Rossi's. I walk my dogs several times a day, and we pass by garbage at the curb on trash pickup day (and beyond, it seems). Since my dogs like to sniff garbage, I actually look at it a bit. I noticed Del Rossi's pizza boxes in my neighbors' trash, so when we wanted to order pizza recently I recognized the name when I searched Yelp for nearby pizza delivery.

The pizza is good! We really liked their tomato sauce. Crust was good. Husband got a provolone cheesesteak with long hots, and that was pretty good too. 

Not a lot more to say than that. We ordered, it arrived quickly, and it tasted good.
For the past few months, I've been watching people working on this space day and night and I was surprised to see they'd finally opened up this afternoon. I was pretty unsure of what to expect or what this place was aiming to be this entire time. From the looks of it, I was pretty much expecting it to be another ol' pizza shop and for the most part, that's what it is.

That being said though, I was surprised to find a pizza shop with a huge dine-in area. I could never tell from the outside. I ordered a cheesesteak to my liking (whiz and fried onions), sat down and ate.

The steak: the meat was a little dry and there was a bit too many onions on it but overall, it was probably the best cheesesteak I've had in Northern Liberties (there really isn't too much competition up here).

All in all, glad to see this place is finally open. The employees are really nice. Everything is shiny and new. The cheesesteaks while not revolutionary nor the best I've ever had definitely have potential though. Despite the name of the establishment, they've got a massive menu featuring pizza, burgers, you name it. Typical pizza shop fare as I'd said. Despite Plaza Pizza being right next door, I still think this place is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and the place and food have potential.
Really Horrible Delivery experience. Was excited and hoping for it to be good as these yelp reviews show but life isn't perfect. 

Placed online ordered through yelp 1:20am. Said they received it and would take 45min-60min. Fine, expected the time. 

Called at 2:20am to ask where the driver/food was. The person that picked up the phone said that they had they didn't have the right address and didn't know where to deliver to. Odd when yelp sends the receipt of the email that includes your information like address of delivery and number to contact. A bit upset because you would expect basic management or communication skills to kick in. If you had the wrong or improper address, you would think they would contact you through the number you provided for contact reasons to ask for the proper address. Called, they said they would deliver it. (2:30am)

Got the food finally at 2:55am. 
Not really in the mood to eat and extremely tired from waiting an hour and a half. 
Expected more from the customer service aspect and how they handled it.
I have never eaten in at this establishment, so my review is of delivery only. 

 There are way better pizza places in the area to spend your money on.  We got pizza, fries and cheese steaks.  The delivery was fast but the food isn't terrific.  I think what really turned me off, is the fact that our order of cheese fries had a curly black hair in it!  So nasty!  I didn't call them, what's the point.  Threw it away and then wondered if the other food was safe.  Yuck....

I would give it one star, but because of fast delivery and average pizza I graciously upped it to 2 stars.  I won't be ordering again.
I recently had the worst customer service experience. I ordered food off of their app where the delivery time was detailed. After 30 minutes past the expected delivery time, I gave them a call to check on my order. They kept me on the phone as they searched for my order on the app. After they said they hadn't started my order, I asked them to please cancel it and refund my card. They claimed that they couldn't refund my card and hassled me about the charge. They told me to come pick up the cash from them, after I said I wasn't going to be here to receive the delivery. 

I ended up having to call my credit card company to cancel the charge. I will never order from here again.
I was convinced to order a cheesesteak from Del Rossi's since John's Roast Pork is too far from my house. Their cheesesteak isn't bad.. I wished that they would've melted my american cheese in it. I felt that they forgot about it and then had to put it in last minute. Besides their cheesesteak, I tried their pizza and fries. The food isn't bad for a pizza joint. And I love how they take credit cards. I'd be ordering more in the future.
Excellent late-night, post-tequila shots snacking delivered to your door. 

Our go-to is a pie and fries with wiz. Their fries are shoestring and salty and delicious, and I'm pretty sure they lace their wiz with cocaine. It's unbelievable. Although I guess that could've been the alcohol talking. Anyway, dip your pizza in it.

If you're drunk and looking to eat pizza and cheese fries without having to talk to anyone on the phone (online ordering) and without having to the leave the house, go for it.
called at 1148pm to order a small pepperoni pizza and an order of fries. the girl who answered the phone was on point. she took my order, told me the cost, then told me it'd be 20 mins. okay, cool. so I take my time rollin over there and arrive at like midnight. I was greeted at the counter by a super friendly and courteous guy who waited on me. gave him my name, he looked up my order and took my money after which he said it'd just be a few more mins. fine, no problem. so I'm standing around watching people come and go and also at the same time looking into the pizza oven every time the cook opens it and I notice there's no small pizza in it. so I give em the benefit of the doubt and wait a few more mins then I notice the cook preparing a small pepperoni pizza at 1215! so 25 mins after I placed the call this guy is just now beginning to make my order. so I go back to the cool guy at the counter and ask him if that's my pizza that's just going in the oven almost 30 mins after I ordered it and 15 mins standing in the shop. he turns to ask the cook and he responds "yeah." so I ask how long do u think it'll be and the counter guys says just a few mins. so I wait 5 more mins and by now I'm pissed. I ask the cook himself how much longer and he says "one minute" then throws my fries on the coumter in front of me in what I viewed as a "buzz off" fashion. so he pulls this pizza out and dumps it in the box and I can clearly see this thing hasn't even slightly browned .. neither the crust nor the cheese. he closes the box and slides it over to me. I immediately open the box and say to this moron "this pizza isn't even done" and he shrugged it off and went on his way. had I not been pressed for time I would've ripped into this clown. if anything, he should make the customer wait longer rather than deliver a half cooked pizza. 

needless to say, when I got back to my spot I opened the box and half the pizza slid over to one side. I was so effing pissed. I will NOT be returning to del rossis and I would advise anyone else who goes there and sees a slim older white guy with graying hair and glasses making pizzas to turn around and walk right back out the door. poor attitude and poor work ethic. and aside from having to use a fork to eat my pizza it tasted like shit. super thin and soggy crust and just not very good. 

to the owner, if you read these reviews you need to have a talk with this guy. he's gonna cost you business.
I cant speak on anything but pizza but it is literally the best I've ever had. I don't live close nor do I work in the area anymore but when I want real good pizza I travel just for this.
Have to give them probs for Superbowl night service. They were pumping out pizzas in 15 minutes or less, making cheesesteaks on the spot, and my pick up order was finished quickly and I was back home within 25 minutes of ordering. I went through a lot of potentials that either said it would take over an hour to even begin cooking a pie, but this place did it super well! Buffalo chicken cheesesteak doesn't come with blue cheese or ranch, but the cheese on it makes the flavor super rich, and the Sicilian pizza was an experience! The bread was delicious, the cheese actually was a good ratio to the thick bread, and the toppings on it were well worth the price. Each slice was a meal in itself, but Superbowl Sunday is a day to live a little! 

Also got a pepperoni mushroom pizza, steak calzone, and fries from them in the past, and that's when I fell in love. So gooey with that cheese that stretches from your mouth!
The GF and I didn't feel like cooking one night so we checked out GrubHub and settled on Del Rossi's Cheesesteak Co, in an attempt to find Philly's best Philly cheese steak.

Cheese Steak ($6.65)
American Cheese, 'wit onions

While this was certainly one of the cheaper cheese steaks I've had, the rib-eye meat was chewy and grainy. Ordering online, provolone wasn't a standard option so I had to settle for American. The cheese was nicely interspersed and the onions were plentiful. But really, it all starts with the meat, which was pretty lackluster. Certainly not the best Philly cheese steak I've had.

Eggplant Parmigiana ($6.25)

I love a good eggplant parm sub, but this was soggy and bland. The highlight of the sandwich? The nicely seeded roll. 

Chicken Cutlet Romano ($6.75)
Broccoli rabe, provolone

This was the best of the trio. The chicken cutlet was nicely seasoned and not heavily breaded. The broccoli rabe was nicely bitter, serving as a counterpoint to the funky provolone. Still, the greens could have benefited from more garlic. 

Chili Cheese Fries ($3.95)

We had asked for the chili and the sauce to be on the side for obvious reasons. Unfortunately, they apparently weren't able to accommodate us. The result? Extremely soggy fries. 

The sweet chili was imbued with a lot of brown sugar and cinnamon and unfortunately, there wasn't much cheese. Pretty lackluster.

Onion Rings ($2.95)

The onion rings were actually decent - while the onion within wasn't very substantial, the breading was extremely crunchy. 

Overall, the one thing Del Rossi's has going for it is its price point - the portions are decent and the prices are low. However, I think I'll save my money for Campo's the next time I'm in the mood for specialty sandwiches and subs!
Ordered from Grub Hub last night, not expecting much, but I was pleasantly surprised. Delivery was fast, the food was cheap, and my Chicken Romano sandwich was SO good. Tons of broccoli rabe... they loaded it up. The chicken cutlet was moist and flavorful, and the sharp provolone really added to the sandwich. I'm craving it again already! The bread was great too. I tried a bite of my boyfriend's pizza steak and wasnt impressed, but the chicken romano is worth ordering.
This place has cheesesteak in their name so you think they'd good but they were pretty awful.  Bread was too soft, the steak didn't really taste like anything, and I could barely taste any cheese.
STOLE MY MONEY AND LIED!!! I placed an order through Uber Eats and watch as three drivers patiently waited for my order and the restaurant failed to ever make the order. Each Uber driver called me to let me know the order was never made and finally my last Uber delivery driver had the decency to file a claim on my behalf. 

This was extremely disappointing as I have only one leg and have been in bed with my prosthetic off waiting for almost 2 HOURS for food. I can't even walk anywhere and now it's too late to really order anything. 

The treatment I received on the phone was absolutely insulting. What a low class establishment with even lower class staff. What a disappointing experience.
I had one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly from Del Rossi's and I have lived in center city Philadelphia for 25 years now.  It was cheesesteak hoagie with extra sharp provolone w/ extra cheese fried onions, mushrooms and mayo.  The meat was so tender and juicy, the bread was different than most places--more like " Atlantic City" bread.  The combination of all the ingredients with lettuce and tomato was terrific!! Can't wait for another one soon!
Del Rossi's is the definition of the average Philly cheesesteak. It doesn't have many qualities that makes it stand-out from the rest of the top drawer steaks, but it is serviceable as a quality, tasty sandwich. 

Del Rossi's is surge pricing their items off the menu at the moment, so the steak came out to be a little over $11. Not my ideal price, considering I can scour a better steak for slightly cheaper. They also didn't cut the sandwich in half which was kind of disappointing. Maybe that's their unique feature? Or the chef just got lazy. 

I would definitely eat here again, I just don't know when. There are so many other great steaks in Philly, I can't say Del Rossi's is on my radar for another visit. However, I would give it a try if you are looking to try a variety of steaks in Philly and compare it to other restaurants. And if you happen to think this was a really amazing cheesesteak, I won't knock you for it. I enjoyed it and thought it was good, just didn't find to be a staple like so many others.
This really deserves a 2 star review but because the reputation was so high I'm giving it a 1. Absolute travesty that some philadelphians think this is a good cheesesteak. 

I hadn't eaten all day and was staving(which is why I went with a cheesesteak). After an hour the order finally arrives.

First thought "wow this is small, good thing I got a Stromboli too" I open it up and it looks like every wannabe philly steak in south jersey (jeez). So I'm still optimistic at this point so I prep myself for a feast. 1st bite, (hmm, I guess I didn't get enough meat in that bite, it is the side) 2nd bite (well maybe it's one of those cheesesteaks that need ketchup) 3rd bite with ketchup I knew it was bad, for sure. 2 more bites later and I am pissed. This is so bad I can't even finish it (I'm starving, I love all cheesesteaks, I've never had this feeling before) 

So at this point I go to try and save my meal with the steak Stromboli. I open it up and it's a calzone... a 95% cheese, lightly sprinkled with the same garbage steak calzone. Props to the size though, this thing was a daddy.

Thank you for ruining my thanksgiving eve feast. Go take your underpriced, low quality, jersey style, baby gap sandwich to the burbs. Deserved.
NEVER AGAIN.

i've ordered from this place 3 times since it's close to my house but all 3 times something has always happened, 2/3 times they forgot something in my order and last night i waited for an hour even though they told me to come at 9pm... it wasn't ready until 950pm. did they once apologize? nope. 

when i received my 2 sandwiches they were completely inedible, SHOCKER. the cheesesteak bun was burnt to a crisp and the plain cheese and turkey hoagie had all this stuff on it that i didn't request (onions, oregano, turkey). i called and spoke to a woman that promised me she would approve the refund through Grubhub

of course in the AM when i try to issue the refund through grubhub, the restaurant refused the refund. 

i gave this place multiple tries even though they kept making mistakes and now i'm done.

just expect to have something wrong or missing when you issue an order here.
I've had Del Rossi's multiple times now (delivery, takeout, and sit-in) and I have never been disappointed. The food is awesome and the menu is extensive. The staff is friendly and they always make sure you have everything you need. 

For some reason I have always had sandwiches from here and never pizza so tasting the pizza is on my list for my next visit. Side note: the pizza looks and smells heavenly every time I'm in there... So I'm hoping it tastes just as good. I love the sandwiches because they are so fresh and huge. I can always eat two meals off of them. Today I had an Italian hoagie and I was blown away (and that's saying a lot because I'm a jersey girl and we know subs or hoagies-which I still have a hard time saying! Lol). It was flavorful and fresh and had just the right amount of seasoning. The bread is always fresh and soft and really makes their sandwiches the best. We also split the chili cheese fries.... Yummy. And I still have half a sandwich and fries left for another meal. 

Del Rossi's has now become my go to pizzeria in Northern Liberties and I couldn't be happier!
Placed a delivery order through GrubHub on Friday evening and was pretty pleased.  Let it be known that I am a vegetarian, so I absolutely cannot comment on the quality of "authenticity" of the titular cheesesteaks. With that said, the Eggplant Supreme Hoagie was delicious and came on a great seeded roll (this seems to be a majorly divisive issue on these reviews). I also got an order of onion rings and a small pie.  The Onion Rings were good, but I probably won't bother with the pizza again.  The biggest gripe I had with it was an underserving of cheese. I didn't let that detract from my experience, however, because Del Rossi's doesn't call itself a pizza place and I have been satisfied by only a handful of pizza joints in Philadelphia since relocating from NY/NJ. 

All told, the delivery was pretty quick and I'll order again.
Ive stopped in once and ordered a mushroom chicken cheese steak.  The place caters very well to customers that are dining in and its very clean. last week ordered a delivery of 2 regular mushroom cheesesteaks with wiz last weekend actually thru this app. The steaks sandwiches were fantastic.  This is a good local spot if you want a cheesesteak and they deliver fairly quickly.
Great spot if you're on the couch and want delivery. They have a robust menu and everything on there is solid. Good cheesesteaks, hoagies, burgers, wieners, pizza, and fries. Reasonably priced too esp the wieners and Texas wieners($3-$5). They have great melted American cheese to top hoer fries. Open late too. When in up in the air, def my go to.
1  Philly Style French Bread Pizza  $ 7.45
1  Soda  $ 1.75
1  Mozzarella Sticks  $ 5.25

Del Rossi's has a relatively small menu compared to most pizza & cheesesteak places in Philly. However, almost everything they do offer is pretty good. These are 2nd favorite cheese sticks in the city. They are a bit pricey, but the marinara that comes with them is home made and delicious. It's a very simple marinara that isn't annoying infused with oregano and other spices. This allows for the main focus of the cheese stick to be the ....well the cheese. 

Also points for this french bread pizza. It's exactly what you think it is, just like the ones that come frozen at the supermarket. Except it's not frozen it's home made and delicious.  It's also quite large, but not 7.45 large. If you are fat like I am this will not fill you up and you would probably also want spend 2 more dollars and order a pizza. However, this was just an afternoon snack for me so I was mostly satisfied.
Totally downgraded to "meh." I've been here about ten times since they've opened 6 months ago, so I speak from continued experience.

The food is fine - not great, but fine. It's not the worst in the neighborhood, but I'm always left a little disappointed. They seem not to take care of the little things - like they don't cut sandwich in half if you get takeout. If you eat in, they don't time your meals to come out together (think: hot sandwiches on table at 6:30 and calzones at 6:45.)

Clean restaurant, generally not busy, good burgers, decent pizza (better than Plaza) but not good cheesesteak, sadly. BF says, "I CANNOT believe that 'cheesesteak' is in their name - shameful."

This happened to me here for the fist time ever - my called-in pizza order not even prepared or in the oven until I arrived to pick it up (I was 5 - 10 minutes late, store was not busy, plenty of staff.) The mistake was not acknowledged - I just had to sit and watch as my pizza was created and cooked while being told, "it's almost done - it's almost ready - just another minute." I would have been totally fine with a simple "oops! we forgot!" - I could have run next door to CVS for milk or something to pass the time - but I was so burned that they made me sit there for 15 minutes that I vowed never to return.

Well, two months passed, my irritation cooled, we got a text ad for $5 pizzas and we decided to give it another go for a cheap takeout dinner. Guess what? SAME THING HAPPENED. When I figured it out, I just sat there, so angry that I couldn't say a word. It was an empty restaurant - was totally awkward to just stare at them - and I couldn't wait to get out of there. I just decided to complain by not giving them more of my money - and by downgrading my yelp review. Take that!

It's a little sad, because we live and work literally around the corner, eat out 5 - 6 days a week, are patient customers and are regulars at other local restaurants. One particular owner has been there for most of my visits and he seems decent, and the staff is pleasant. But there's just so many other choices, and careless service just drives me crazy.
I've been here twice.  I had a cheesesteak both times.  This review is for those cheesesteaks.

The cheesesteak here, is as good as a cheesesteak can possibly get.  If you order a cheesesteak with sharp provolone, I can only imagine two outcomes - 1.  A forever memory of one of the best steak sandwiches ever to grace your entire lifelong existence, and 2. A strong desire to write perfect 5-star reviews on every reviewing website you can find.
I'm from NYC and I've tried take out from this joint 3x so far and it was pretty good.  The large mushroom pizza was quite good and so was the cheese steak.  I always eat my cheese steak with ketchup and this one didn't even need it!  The steak flavor in Philly is definitely different than New York or New Jersey, for sure.  I'm glad I had the chance to try it.  But why don't Philly cut their sandwiches in half???  I don't get it.  It just looks silly for a girl trying to shove that all into my mouth, you know? Gotta remind myself to pack a knife in my purse next time lol.  

The hoagies were amazing.  Ugh, I've been craving a hoagie that looked and tasted like this for ages.  The turkey hoagie was filled with thick fresh sliced turkey and I swear, it was longer than my 20oz coke bottle!  All for $7 and change!! Are you kidding me!  I stuffed myself silly, it was so good!

They also have a huge sitting area in the back.  And the kids that work there were very professional and courteous.  They weren't texting or BSing around....they were all working and on the grill.  Del Rossi's seemed like it was a well oiled machine.  Good for them.  Keep it up!
I am relatively naïve about Cheesesteak sandwich's. In my entire life I may have had 4 in my life. Nonetheless I loved what I got which was a Classic style, American cheese, and onions cooked with a Long Hot Cheesesteak seeded.

Loved it!
My roommates and I have always seen this placed recommend to us, but never ordered till recently. We got: the cheesesteak, cheese pizza, mozzarella sticks, chicken tenders, and Caesar salads. Truly we were overwhelmed. It was hot upon delivery with plenty of dressing and sauces, which is ALWAYS a plus in my book. Yet the food is truly delicious. It's basic sure but it's good. Honestly I'm obsessed with their chicken tenders. The prices can't be beat yet the quality isn't cheap. I love supporting local businesses and I'm so glad we finally ordered from them because they have become a regular in our delivery options.
Clean environment with the best Cheese Steaks in Philadelphia. Pizza is always fresh.
I brought my fight team with me a few times, we all agree this place is awesome.

I brought my little sisters before they love this place.

Five stars all and two thumbs wayyyy up from me.
Went inside and sat down here, not a Philly native. Sandwiches came out quick, waitress and staff were friendly.

Food was good, exactly what we expected. Place was clean, onion rings were super tasty. Would definitely go back.
Ordered pick up and was pleasantly surprised.

I read a review on here that they had the best cheeseburger and I'll have to disagree. The burger was really dry and thick but not enough cheese to meat ratio.

The wings, onion rings and fries were good but they forgot my mozzarella sticks! Fortunately I live close so I came by to pick up my sticks but nothing worse than being charged for something you didn't receive.
Love this place. The staff is always wonderfully nice and quick. Highly recommended!!!
Well since moving from NYC I have been on a mission to find the best cheesesteak in town, 14 places later with all the heavy hitters, this is the spot. We went in person with my new york friends that were visiting, and it took them for a loop. Oil and vinegar makes it for me, try it. Service was amazing, staff was warm and inviting even though we were dressed in our Harley Davidson best. I have since ordered 3 times and the food has been nothing but consistent.
Best 3am cheesesteak in NoLibs and the staff was super nice.  See you on the next bar hop mission.
Bones in my chicken cheese steak-! Waste of money and food. Both non edible sandwiches. It's a shame.
Service is horrible here as well.
Save your money. I've got a feeling this place won't be open much longer unless they shape up.
This place is full of one health code violation after another! Originally when this place first opened up me and my coworkers raved about how good their burgers were! One day things happened to take a turn for the worst! My meat was tough and drenched in so much oil that the bread fell apart. They changed their fries from shoe string cut, to zig zag, and now to this thicker cut and none of them were ever crispy. I've asked them in the past to place my fries in a bag to keep them from getting soggy and eventually they started doing all of their orders like that, but now even in the bags they're still soggy. After not ordering from them for a few months my coworker and I went against my better judgement and decided to give them another try. By now hoping things may have gotten better plus I've never been to the actual location before. Before leaving my office I ordered my food on my Grubhub app. My office is 10-15 mins away plus we stopped to go to CVS for a good 20 mins so I figured that was ok because it's next door to the restaurant yet my food still wasn't ready once I got there. As I waited my coworker went and ordered a slice of pizza. They were busy so I waited and I waited in horror! The staff was all over the place and not a single glove was worn in site! I watch one employee take a rag and wipe food, paper and some rolls to the edge of the cutting board so he could prepare a pizza. That wasn't before he took that same rag and tossed it onto the roll which another employee proceeded to make sandwiches with! Next an older woman began making sandwiches along with the other young lady and because she was short she couldn't properly reach some ingredients she needed. She then proceeded to lean over the cutting board boobs mashed completely against the sandwich and once she had what she need she proceed to finish making the same sandwich! Mind you NOBODY was wearing ANY GLOVES! Between that and the pizza man rubbing his ungloved hands on his nose while making pizzas the cashier woman finally asked me had I been helped. I hesitated because I was in a state of shock but told her no and gave her my name. She couldn't find my food so I waited some more....Now I started looking at the food on the floor and then my eye began to watch the man on the grill. Jesus Christ where do I begin...well for starters a lot of cross contamination with the meats. Beef, steak and chicken prepared in the small spot on the grill and shoved off to the side. Cheese sat in a metal pan next to the grill melting and clearly not kept at the temperature it should be. I found out why my burgers have been so oily it was because the man was pressing the meats so hard against the grill cooking out all of the natural oils and grabbing this bottle of oil dumping it all over the meat. After waiting over 20 mins, my coworker asked if our food was ready. We were advised that her pizza was forgotten in the over and that my order wasn't anywhere to be found. I was finally able to get someone's attention and asked them to cancel my order because I couldn't stomach it. The young lady was ready to give me a refund and this old woman started yelling at her "I told you her order was ready! The bag is right here!" all while she's slamming my bag of food on the counter. The young lady still being polite says she didn't know and the old woman has now marched towards the kitchen and is yelling towards the girl speaking to a guy who I believe was the manager. I whispered to the girl "If you're going to get in trouble for this then don't worry about it I'll just take the food" she apologizes again and I got out of there. I get to work and the fries are soggy, the burger is burnt, tasteless, full of oil and the lettuce were wilted. I threw the whole bag out and proceeded to write this review...I will never go to this dump again!
I order from here often, I might be addicted to their chili fries, and they have massive hot dogs if you're into that sort of thing (I am). This is a go-to of mine when I'm having late night cravings for something yummy and dependable. And the chili that they put on the chili fries? So good I sometimes just order it by itself. This review is really about their customer service, though. There was a mix up with my delivery order and it somehow never got processed. When I called to inquire, the staff was extremely helpful and patient, and genuinely wanted to make sure I was satisfied. They cleared everything up with my order, were very apologetic (even though I really didn't think it was their fault) and rushed it out to me. I'll be a loyal customer as long as I'm in philly, not only for the delicious fixin's, but also for the attention to detail and lovely customer service. Mm mm mm!
Not good.
Veggie sandwich was awful, barely edible. Bread was very stale, greens were super bitter, the broccoli rabe was too tough/stringy to eat, and the tomatoes were underripe and not cored. Buffalo chicken pizza wasn't great either, and the chicken tasted off.

After being served food this bad, even once, we could never justify eating from here again.
Really good food.. Cheesesteaks were amazing.. Bread was awesome.. Definitely would recommend getting the cheese whiz and onions.. Rather small inside.. Salads were absolutely huge !
Pretty solid chicken cheesesteak. Added onions and mushrooms with pepper jack cheese. I was happy with the size and amount of chicken and veggies it had. The bread was ok, a little chewy. Ordered skin on fries for my side and they were great. Well seasoned and crispy. I'd go back to try other items on the menu! Eat it
When we started to come to this establishment they had just opened. The fries were amazing. I wanted to order them every single time we called in an order. Suddenly..... the fries changed; they were soggy, gross, and disappointing. I stopped ordering them immediately. 

In addition, the prices for toppings are ABSURD. Seriously, multiple dollars to add mushrooms? I can buy an entire case of them at the supermarket and COOK THEM MYSELF. Screw that.

I had been so proud of them for the fact that they made their cheese steaks out of real true meat, and that they were amazing. Since then I haven't really had a complaint (thus, 2 stars). However, BEWARE the "chicken cheese steak" as it is just chunks of chicken and it is disgusting. The last thing we ordered recently was delivered to our home within a reasonable time but the burgers were completely undercooked (totally red) and it was a very mediocre experience. I threw out the burger. A wasted 7 dollars, I am so disappointed in them. 

We have decided not to return. Find another location unless you just want a cheese steak.
Delivery driver told me I didn't tip him enough. Probably never ordering from here again. Food is good, but I don't need lectures from delivery drivers. Some tip is better than no tip.
Love this place. The staff is always wonderfully nice and quick. Highly recommended!!! Best cheesesteaks in town...and trust me, I have tried a lot. The Cajun fries with the cheese sauce are so good I have a hard time stopping. This place is seriously great!
This place has quickly become our new go-to for sandwiches, strombolis and pizza in NoLibs.  Everything we have ordered, from the buffalo chicken cutlet sandwich to the meatball Stromboli, has been amazing.  The guys who work there are super friendly and the food is always ready fast, whether you order in person, by phone or via GrubHub.  Everything is reasonably priced and you definitely get value for your money.  I've never been disappointed with Del Rossi's food or service and will continue to order from them.  I do wish they sold beer though (which Plaza Pizza in the shopping center across the street does)
OMG did my taste buds leave and go to heaven with Celine Dion softly playing in the background?! This is hands down one of THE most amazing subs my mouth has ever encountered. Treat yourself to the cheesesteak hoagie and enter a world of nom-ness. Don't forget the pickles!!
We got delivery from here, never eaten in. However--

The cheesesteak was great, perfectly done. This is with John's Place on the delivery cheesesteak for the area, possibly even a little better due to the better wiz. We also got wiz fries, with the wiz on the side (they DO read your requests in the comments section) and the fries were alright, but the wiz was in fact on the side and everything. 

My girlfriend got a white pizza with mushrooms. Before it had even arrived, we received a call from the restaurant apologizing that they had forgotten the mushrooms and asked what we'd like -- Refund for the mushrooms or send a new pizza. I said that the dollar would be fine, it was a busy night, getting late, very cold, and there was no reason to make a new pizza because a topping was missing (if they'd put meat -- she's a vegetarian -- then we would have had a bigger issue). They said alright, the food arrived as we were hanging up, and we were very satisfied.

About an hour later, I get another call that Del Rossi's is here with food. Perplexed, I say we've already received our food. The driver, equally as nice as the first driver, says that the manager would not let an order be imperfect and sent a new pizza anyway, on the house. 

The one star deduction is for two things: 1) The fries could definitely stand to be crispier, they were soggy and thick. 2) There was way too much garlic on the white pizza (we ended up just removing a lot of it).

That being said, we look forward to another order from Del Rossi's!
I have been here twice and have had a cheese steak on two separate occasions. I usually order with cheese whiz, tomato & roasted red peppers. The first time I came in it was really quiet and the place was spotless. I enjoyed my cheese steak and warm crispy fries. I thought I had found a nice quiet spot !
The second time I came in the place was packed and swarming. My cheese steak and fries were mediocre. Nothing fresh or special. I couldn't even finish my cheese steak it was so disappointing.
I will try this place another time hopefully the next time it will be more empty and the quality of my cheese steak won't be compromised. I do have to say the inside of this place is very clean and its a nice spot for a quick lunch during a busy day !
Since the first visit we decided to try some other items from their menu, we went for the Italian Hoagie (yumm seeded roll without even asking), the Chicken Cutlet Italiano (delicate and tasty), a Hickory Burger (they actually can make it medium rare!!!!), a Pizza Burger (homemade marinara sauce with oregano 'nuff said) and a large plain Pizza thin, cooked to perfection, great tasting sauce, crust and cheese that blend perfecly withouth a fight to overpower the pie.

This guys know what they are doing, definately a keeper.
Stopped in to get two cheesesteaks and it took a half hour to get our order. I understand when carry out is busy, but we sat there in front of them forever. When we finally received our steaks there was zero cheese on them. We have been here for a slice late night before, but won't be back at this point.
This pizza was inedible. Honestly so gross. First pizza I received was soaking wet the manager immediately sent me a new pizza. Even the new pizza was disgusting YUCK
I've always loved Del Rossi's for salads and hoagies but we got the Sicilian pie and it was delicious. Quick delivery service and reasonable prices.  Also this pizza was pure cheesy goodness.
Hands down the worst place to get pizza... staff is horribly rude and the pizza was beyond cold by the time is got here. Still charged my card and waited over 1.5 hours to get here on a Wednesday night. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE....
I remember watching them build this place for what seemed like years.

I don't eat a lot of meat anymore, but when I do, I like it to count and be delicious.

Imagine my disappointment when I get a greasy, forgettable steak sandwich from them (and my girlfriend gets a disappointing "veggie" sandwich). 

The pizza is also the "greasy" type.

I think I prefer anywhere else to here, and haven't been back.

I mean, when you can get a perfect steak sandwich that is essentially award-winning at like Paesano's, which is like a dumpy hole-in-the-wall but has the best, why bother with this place?

There is like a role for a place like this -- it has a lot of seating, so you could bring a large party in the back.  That's something, I guess.  

Suggestion:

This place needs to pick a distinctive identity, whatever that is, and decide to be great at it.  Want to be a value leader, and compete on price with places like Trios -- fine, try that.  Want to hire a professional chef and add in flavors?  Great idea.  Or want to go for a particular type of pizza, and really do that the best?  Excellent.

But what we have here is like a generic pizza place.  Which would be fine, except the prices aren't so low.  So if they want to keep doing what they're doing, they need specials and deals to draw a guy like me in.


(P.S. Also, even though the building is reasonably wide, there's no accessibility ramp, and while I work normally, it just bothers me when things are like that.)
I would rate higher for taste of food....problem is, they can't get orders correct.  This is now the 3rd time I've ordered a stromboli and the idiots sent a small pizza.  What, you forget to roll it up?  Is it my job to roll up the stromboli?  Get the orders correct and I'll improve your score.  Oh yeah, nice try blaming Grubhub.
I'm a reg here, we often order delivery and they come pretty quickly. Food is fast and consistent, if you haven't had Del Rossi's.....it's a must try.
We ordered a Friday night delivery,  took about an hour but the staff was very friendly and the food was still very good.
I ordered a pizza from here and under the cheese I found a long piece of hair and it was so unappetizing to see
I've ordered from Del Ross's many times and have a number of favorites.  Today I stopped in for a turkey burger.  WOW!!!  This burger was fresh and perfectly seasoned.  You'd expect to find this hand crafted marvel in a home kitchen, not a pizza shop.  I highly recommend.
So good!! Pizza was great, cheese fries were awesome, and the workers were nice. An extra plus was that the bathrooms are kept nice and clean!
Very solid all around cheese steak, especially for a place that delivers. I was recently staying at the Embassy Suits in Center City and they delivered there very quickly. It was about 20 degrees outside and really windy so this really hit the spot and I stayed warm.
Just ordered from here on grubhub. Both the chicken cheesesteak and burgers were awesome!! I highly recommend this place! The delivery was also pretty quick!
Meh, though every person I spoke with on the phone was really friendly, and the delivery guy was all smiles and professionalism.  Still, the product and delivery capabilities fell WAY short.

I had to call them 15 minutes after placing my seamless order because I didn't have a confirmation.  First dude thought I was a Seamless rep...passed me off to someone else....that dude finally found my order....told me it was already in the works and on the way shortly....though it wasn't confirmed for another 20 minutes....was delivered outside of the delivery window.....the cheesesteak egg rolls were just short of being too burnt to eat....cheesesteak wasn't all that hot by the time it arrived.....the steak is lean, which would normally be good....but not with a Philly....it should have enough fat to soak into the bun...so mine was really dry....and they didn't put mayo on the side as requested.

Again, SUPER awesome customer service, and I'm thinking worth trying if you're close in radius to their shop, or eating in, or maybe trying a cold sub.  But this just missed the mark for what I ordered....
Accommodated our group of 24 with speed and friendliness. Amazing food,
Great staff made a point to talk with the group, you gotta try.
tried a provolone steak with onions.  the meat was dry and had too much gristle.  the roll was soft and fresh but the overall sandwich (meat, cheese, onions, roll) was average at best.  i live in the area and was hoping it would be good.  pretty dissapointed.  oh well, maybe their pizza is better??
also, there was only one guy at the counter taking orders, answering the phone, ringing people up,,  it took forever to get my food and pay.
on a good note, there is a large, clean area to sit and eat with a lot of tables.
We were looking for good cheesesteak on way from museum to north jersey - tried this place. Husband had cheesesteak - good no complaints. I had meatball parm and thought pleasantly surprised. Place has real nice dining area in back you would not expect from front. Came out hot and delivered together at table. Can watch game on TV from most tables. Or ignore it. Not to busy night we stopped in.
Loved the way they did the bread roll- crispy and take out some of the bread
I don't know much about the rest of their menu, but every time I've had their cheesesteaks, they've been great!  Try it wiz wit (for out of towners, that's with cheese whiz.  I know it sounds crazy and when I first moved here, I wouldn't do it, but I've been here over 4 years and this is the way to do it, at least at Del Rossi's).  

Their customer service is friendly.  The only downside is that sometimes their service is a little slow for delivery.  Still, if you want a good cheesesteak, they always hit the spot.
DO NOT OVERLOOK THIS PLACE. Just because it's on Spring Garden and not in South Philly, does not mean they aren't capable of making a great steak. 

Simply the most underrated cheesesteak place of them all. (Relax, that doesn't mean the best.) But I'll say top ten. 

Their bread is on fleek (did I use that right? oh well), which why I'm all over this place. It's all about the bread. The same bread is used for their really good hoagies. 

Their onions are the best, because they thinly slice them on the deli slicer and then toss them on the flattop to get a little caramelization. They aren't those tasteless undercooked squares that other places get away with. 

And their open until 3a. And they deliver. Too much goodness.
Last night i had Del Rossi deliver and had my first ever cheesesteak IN philadelphia. Amazing! The meat was tender and perfect, the cheese was melted through just right and the bread was soft. My boyfriend and i said out loud several times how delicious it was. We tried another place today which was on the top ten suggestions for cheesesteak and we were both disappointed. Del Rossi was a million times better!
I really did enjoy this place. The cashier was incredibly friendly, and the food service was quick. The server was friendly and sweet. The food was good, I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and sharp provolone. The free soda with a check in was an awesome touch! I would recommend this joint for a cheesesteak.
Ordered a hoagie online, along with Cajun fries (crab fries) and a canoli for delivery. It was surprisingly great. Wasn't that expensive, and the hoagie was huge. Very impressed, definitely my new go to hoagie joint
When in Philly this is where we go for our Philly cheesesteaks. Nice clean restaurant with tables to sit and enjoy the food. Cheesesteaks are to die for. Wow writing this is really making me want one. Ugh. Fries are real good too. Can't wait to go back!!
Noticed the place had opened by the large sign on the side of the building facing Spring Garden behind the CVS and decided to try out and support a local, non gastro pub establishment. I was surprised, given the name, to find much more on the menu then cheesesteaks but went with what they are named for.  Staff was very friendly and nice and service was prompt. In fact they warned us of 10 min work on the soda fountain so we could top off our beverages.  Steaks were on good bread, large and meaty and on par with other purveyors. Complimentary pickles and peppers.  Cheese fries were large enough for two to share. Given the location and time of day they did not have many "by the slice" pizza options on display and what I did see looked old but Philly is not really a by the slice kinda pizza town. Did see them make fresh pies. Good to have another eatery, with a clean and large space, available in the neighborhood with extended hours and menu options. Hope their off the main drag location does not have too big a drag on their business. Keep it up and I definitely will be returning and recommending to friends.
Extremely disappointed. We were looking forward to checking out this new place in the neighborhood.  Placed an order for delivery and waited for over an hour before we called to inquire about our status. They had not recorded our order and could not recall me even ordering.  Best of luck, but we will not be attempting to try this place again.
Huge menu and great Philly cheesteak.  Choice of several cheeses including Whiz, provolone (the best IMO), american, and pepper jack.  Small place but great portions, good price, and super crew.  Want something else...plenty of hoagies, pizza (by the slice and whole pie).  Plus...hot peppers and bread pickles at the condiment bar.  Good eats.
This was my first visit to this joint and made the long trek from WC and it was defintely worth the trip. Mike, one of the owners, personally made my cheesesteak and it was awesome! Stuffed with meat, cheese and fresh off the grill. Not like Jim`s, Pats or Genos where they cook the steak and it gets cold and loses its flavor. I also indulged in two slices and pizza is tasty and thin crust. A hidden gem and reasonably priced. This restaurant was featured on Mystery diners this week.
Love love love this place! Cheesesteak's & pizza are great! Tonight we tried the calzone it was amazing. People are super friendly and delivery is fast.
I called In my order for delivery at 1:51pm and I have not gotten it yet and its been an hour.
AND when I called the number 267-687-8874 it is a personal recording that is on there.
Ok so I'm a Philly native and I know me a good cheesesteak and this place has a lot of potential. I was at Penn Medicine and had bad experience at the closest pizza place and decided to give these guys a try. To start off, delivery took forever. I got my food about 90 minutes after odering and 45 mins after being told the person left with my food. Now to the cheesesteak... the cheesesteak was good, the meat and fried onions were delicious. There was not enough cheese on it though. What really hurt the rating was the bread. The bread was tough, not fresh and soft at all. Every bite I had to bite super hard like from the side of my mouth lol. It got to the point I was tearing it with my fingers because it was not working the traditional way. Also, that jawn was shorttttttt. The cheesesteak was maybe 9 or 10 inches, I guess that's why they don't cut the steak in half and opt to leave it whole so you won't tell just how short it is. Any who, I would try them again, they might've just been having a bad roll day.
Best hot dogs in northern liberties !!!!!!!!
Not a great experience.  I placed my order 7:09p via eatstreet, which I was directed to from their website.  That system appeared to work fine, and my estimated delivery time was 7:55-8:10.  Not terrific, but not bad.  I then got a message at 7:55ish that my order was on its way to my place in center city.  At 8:35p I called them to find out where my order was.  They were nice on the phone.  I then got a phone call from a strange number, which I ignored.  I live in a door man building, so usually with deliveries, the person brings the food in and the doorman calls up.  Turns out, the driver had been sitting out front of the building.  I asked him to come in and he seemed reluctant, but finally did.  When I went downstairs, my food was there and the delivery guy pointed to it, said "there it is," and left.  How polite!  I tipped the guy 20% when I placed the order.  (I work in the service industry, I know how important tips are.  I clearly made a mistake in this case.)

I got my food upstairs, and opened it up.  The bottled soda was Luke warm.  The fries were cold.  The burger was good, but cooked well, not the medium i ordered.  (Don't put temperature request options in your order form if it's not possible to meet the expectation.). Then I realized there were no ketchup packets.  All of the delivery places I have ordered from before usually throw a few in.  As I just moved, I had no ketchup in the house.  So, my fries were dry, and overly salted, so not much to enjoy.  I ended up throwing most of them out.  

If there was anything standout in this order, I would try them again; but, this was just a complete mess.  There are hundreds of other places I can order from, so I have no reason to ever order from them again.  Unfortunately, I won't be.  I'm new to this neighborhood and trying new places.  They won't be one of the options I keep.
I liked their Philly cheesesteak.  Just the right amount of provolone, onion, and deliciousness.  Would come again.
I have you guys in Northern Liberties and Cosmi's in South Philly as the best in Philadelphia. That's a serious distance, so you guys can maintain your cease-fire. Keep it up!
I've noticed a trend in my eating habits each winter. As the temp dips into the freezing zone and all I want to do is sit inside all day and not move until April, I have one distinct craving: hot dogs.

Del Rossi's has become a savior of sorts in that I can have all the hot dogs I want without ever having to leave my apartment (because, ya know, it is so difficult to cook a hot dog myself and all). No, but really: Del Rossi's sells 10" Nathan's hot dogs. With bacon and cheese on them. And they don't skimp on the bacon. Insert many exclamation points and happy faces here.

In addition to their wonderfully delicious hot dog delivery offerings, I have also tried their Italian hoagie (it's okay), their cheesesteak (pretty good), their chicken Italiano with spinach (eh), and their chicken primavera white pizza (not a fan -- meat was too dry and the toppings were so bland).

Delivery has both been speedy and laggy, but the drivers have been friendly and the food has arrived hot. I'll, obviously, be ordering from them again. It's only January after all.
I'm a fan. Square pie with bruchshetta  love it. Kate night delivery is always a good thing
My go to place. I've eaten in, ordered picked up/delivery and I have never been disappointed! I love the small personal pizza!
Updated review, regarding their garlic knots only [originally posted on JoPincushion.com]

Del Rossi's does not mention on the menu; I happened to notice them when going in there for an Italian hoagie fix one evening.  The knots, a bit larger than the favored size, also had a bit of a "Jekyll and Hyde" appearance; the bottom was overdone while the top was much lighter.  A nice coating of cheese and dried herbs covered the knots but the only scent that really emanated was that of "bread."  Tasting the knots proved to be more of the same; a great bready flavor but no garlic essence was there.  Texture-wise, Del Rossi's knots were a bit chewy and overdone.  The marinara sauce was decent but wasn't enough to elevate these knots.  If these were just cooked a little more evenly and infused with more garlic then we might have enjoyed them more.
will never order from this place again.  I have ordered from there 3x..first time was great.  Second time they over charged me (on my debit card) when I called and was talking to the girl who was trying to fix it there was a guy behind her yelling into the phone that they were not wrong..ordered again and it took an hour and 35 mins for my food to come after I was told 45 mins...I was being patient and didn't call them until it was an hour and 20 mins the girl was very rude and talked over me     ..when my pizza came it was warm at best and the cheese was so hard my son had to take it off. its a shame because their food is pretty good but I don't have time for the rudeness.
Dave (owner) great dude. They get busy watch out who knows what you get when order. Overall great place when not jammed. Loyal support and always go back but watch the times
Been ordering from them for several years. Zero issues so far.

Try the Southwest Burger.
We really enjoy this place. It's quick, affordable and really tasty! The staff is super friendly and welcoming and they even let us bring in our dog when we walk over. I love that the menu offers so much too and the food is always fresh! A great neighborhood place to grab a slice, salad or cheesesteak!
In my humble opinion, the best cheesesteaks in the area. Chicken cheesesteak with provolone & fried onions is ridiculous. Firm, toasted roll with the right amount of meat & toppings. It's always the same and always right. No sloppy messes here and no self indulgent shrines to the owner. I have three daughters and this is their favorite place to eat. They love the pizza, hamburgers and fries. I live in South Jersey and it's definitely worth the trip across the bridge. Despite its being in Philly, its very accessible and also very clean. Doing the simple things well is a lost art, and DelRossi's does them very, very well. Nice people. Highly recommended.
Food is good but delivery and customer service is horrible. I live honestly a 2 minute car ride from the store. I ordered delivery 3 times where they said it would be 30-45 minutes. Food came a house and 15 minutes later, cold and soggy. Had to call 3 times to remind them that the still haven't come. The next time i called it took a hour and 45 minutes because they forgot to even make my order. I never got a thing comped or money taken off or anything. I would say you should pick the food up and you'll be ok. Not the best in philly but it works for something to eat.
Do NOT eat from this restaurant. Ordered a Cheesesteak with fried onions, mushrooms, and provolone (salt, pepper, and ketchup). 

The first bite tasted funny but I was hungry so I tried a few more bites. After that, I stopped eating the sandwich. It just tasted awful. 

Within a few hours, I experienced stomach cramping and nausea. Do yourself a favor and stay away.
My gf moved to Northern Liberties months ago and we've search for pizzas/take out restaurants in that time and they all sucked.  I finally went to del rossi's for a cheese steak and it was outstanding. Best I've had in the city. Since then we had the pizza and many other sandwiches. Everything is fantastic. I won't go anywhere else. Pats, genos and tony Luke's suck. This place is where it's at. Don't miss out.
I get a cheesesteak delivered a few times a month. Sometimes two cheesesteaks, sometimes one and cheese fries. One cheesesteak is enough to split with my gf, so getting two means we have the second one for breakfast with eggs (oh my god so good). The food is always delivered fast and tastes amazing.
Here are some short sentences to help you get a feeling for my favorite go-to restaurant:

- The pizza here is as close to New Haven pizza as Philadelphia can get.
- The cheesesteaks aren't bad, but the other sandwiches are much better.
- Good prices.
- They deliver past midnight.
- GrubHub orders go out just as fast (if not faster) than phone orders.
- The food is consistent.
- If you're looking for a Michelin star joint, this ain't the place.
- If you're looking for a fast and reliable meal that tastes good, this *is* the place.

PS omg cannolis amirite???
Thank my friend Jose for turning us onto this place.  Tried the rest, now have had the best cheese steak in Philly.  Cajun fries for a side and crazy good canoli for desert.  Clean and staff was great.
I literally can't talk up this place enough. I went to all the gimmicky steak shops around town that are "famous" but this place blows them away. The bread is crunchy on the outside, soft on the in. The ingredients are fresh, and I've never met an unhappy person here. Prices are affordable and food is unstoppable. Our 45 minute drive to del rossi's is worth every mile.
food is always good.. not great- although, everytime I order- I get delivery because I work in Center City- Grub hub always tells me a time- 
this place is consistently 40 minutes late- food is cold... Soda is the wrong kind... delivery driver then calls and gives an attitude- complaining that he has to double park and walk into a long lobby where he can't see his car- not my problem- you want to deliver in center city- you should be prepared to park. 
Not ordering again- gave them 3 shots- and each time it got worse.
