This is the last time I will review or otherwise think about the devil's den. I first gave it 1 star because of a bad server, then I gave it 4 stars because I had many good times and no problems. I am back to give it 1 star and I will offer a story as to why I will never go here again. 

So I want to emphasize that this bar is around the corner from my house and I WANT to like it. Loving the bar around the corner from where you live is pure perfection so I have overlooked many little problems. 

I used to have a job that didn't let out until 7pm so I could never go to happy hour at the devil's den. I finally was able to come here for happy hour with a friend and as the hostess was seating us she told us that in addition to half-priced drinks the "small plates" were also half-off.  My buddy and I both got drinks, a small plate and an entree. When the bill came we noticed that the small plates didn't get the discount, an understandable mistake for a busy waiter. We called the waiter over and told him about this silly mistake and he surprisingly told us that it wasn't a mistake. He proceeded to tell us that the small plates were not half off; the tapas in the back of the drink menu are the ones on special for happy hour. We told him about how the hostess told us very specifically that the "small plates" were half-off (found in the dinner menu) and that we wanted them to honor this.  He said there was nothing he could do and so I asked to speak to the manager.  The waiter said that the manager wasn't available but the acting manager was the bartender, who I have met many times in the way that one would be familiar with the bartender at the neighborhood bar. When I told him what happened he said "Well you're here all the time, you should KNOW it's the tapas that are half off, not the small plates". I told him that I had never been there for happy hour before and emphasized that the hostess TOLD US that the "small plates" were on special. He wouldn't budge. We left unhappy less because of having to spend an extra few dollars but more because of the "every man for himself" feeling that you would never expect from a neighborhood bar. 

The management have made it clear that they are more concerned with making every last cent from their patrons than forging a relationship with the community. There are too many other bars in south philly to spend your time and money in a place that doesn't deserve it.
My new neighborhood bar. I'd gladly trade south philly tap room for the devil's den. 

I'm usually not disappointed with their food. Their brunch is good (my favorite being the crab cake eggs benedict - it's untouchable.) I can't wait to try their steak and eggs. Their sandwiches have always been good, and I usually stay clear of the entrees due to their high price tags. The only time I was extremely disappointed was when I got a salad with deviled eggs on it. The deviled eggs were WAY off, and made the salad almost inedible for me. The worst part of it, it appealed to both my boyfriend and I so we both got it. Talk about ouch. 

The bar service is wonderful, I've liked most of the bartenders I've met here. I prefer to sit at the bar, but we've gone where we didn't have a choice but to sit at a table. The service was so-so. I hear a lot of complaints from friends about their table service and it's unfortunate that it turns them away from going here. I usually start talking up the bar service so people don't count out this awesome bar altogether.  And for the record, I haven't sat at a table there in months - only the bar - so it could have easily improved. 

Their beer selection is phonemonal, bottles and drafts. I like getting their flights to sample different beers. Their happy hour is unbeatable - half price drafts will be saving you a ton of money and getting you nice and toasty off great beer for cheap. I believe its the typical 5-7 monday through friday happy hour. They also have a tapas menu of cheap, good finger foods. 

And the fireplace, how I loved walking over here in that blizzard we had and melting near the fire. I always feel very comfortable at devil's den.
With Bathroom's being the main theme of the Weekly Yelp this week, and the worst bathroom in Philly thread making a comeback Devil's Den sounds like a good review to knock out. Beacuse really the awkward bathroom situation was the only thing holding me back from giving here a five. It's not that the bathroom was ranked among the god awful (it was actually somewhat clean considering). It was just that it was a single dual sex bathroom inside of a bar that get's fairly packed during a happy hour. Throw in the fact that it was directly next to the kitchen and you had a lot of people waiting in a spot where a lot of people where coming and going. A spot that's a beer paradise could really use a better arrangement.

But other than that setback Devil's Den enticed me. It's a beer lover's heaven since it has so many offerings on tap and in bottles. And since all drafts are half off during Happy Hour (thanks for the tip Sara C.!) it's the perfect spot to hit up. They even had a flight sampling were you could try 3-4 flutes of different beers from a certain brewer for a decent price. It was a super steal indeed!

The menu also has some innovations which are a step above your typical pub fare. The Happy Hour Tapas menu hooks up things like a decent sized fruit and cheese plate and bacon and blue cheese croquettes. But they also have a juicy looking burger, chicken fingers and all of the standard bar offerings. Overall this place offers enough things to make me a fan.
Mindy, mindy, mindy. Everything would have been fine if you knew how to keep your composure. I'm sure it's not too uncommon for a group of people to request separate bills at the end of a meal. When we dropped this bomb on you last night your whining was incredibly unprofessional and annoying. Even if it was the initial shock that was hitting you I could possibly understand... but when you kept drawing out this process complaining about "all the work" that we were creating for you I was really, really ticked off.  You made this experience awkward and uncomfortable for everyone in our party and YOU STILL MESSED UP THE BILL. We wrote out on the first bill who got what - how hard can it be? My advise to you would be to get a new job.. maybe one where you don't need to interact with people.
When my boyfriend and I were looking to rent a room together we naturally went on Craigslist to find us some roommates. Craigslist is not a good place to find roommates (In case you haven't heard horror stories already, think "controlling, eavesdropping snoop" or "delusional, constantly-mutters-under-his-breath-er." You get the idea.) so we decided to (gasp) actually meet with the potential roommates first! 

We all decided to meet at Devil's Den, and while the circumstances still made it an awkward meeting the overall experience was great. I hate going to bars; I rarely drink unless there are fermented grapes involved. The bartender seemed to sense my uncertainty and took the time to make recommendations based on the tiny bit of knowledge I possessed about beers. He even offered up two samples in mini beer mugs (this is probably normal, but it blew my mind). Whatever he gave me was great. I drank lots of it, stumbled home and thought about plants. Or something.
$6.50 Titos sodas?!

Fuck yea

Clean, organized, and hopping.

Large bar area to get your drunk face on.

Tatted-up patrons and barkeep can be found here.

Good spot to add to any Philly bar crawl.
Amazing beer list?  Check.
Awesome happy hour?  Check.
Decent food? Check.

The Devil's Den is a solid place all around.  Though the atmosphere seems to be lacking in originality, the drinks, food, and service make up for it.

The draft list is always killer - this week has been a good one in particular, having stopped by here twice for Philly Beer Week.  If you want to try different beers, come during happy hour - all drafts are half off from 5-7pm. That is a steal for some of these top notch brews.

Food is quite good - though I've mainly dipped into the appetizer/finger food fare, the rest looks great, too.  I tried the tapas portion of their popcorn shrimp with a spicy chili sauce on the side - delicious.  Though I could have had quite a few more shrimp, the tapas portion was just right.  They also have tasty fries and chicken fingers with a variety of dipping sauces to choose from, which I love.

I'm definitely looking to move back down to this neck of the woods in a couple months, and I look forward to spending a lot of quality time here, especially at happy hour.
My feelings are really mixed.  I've been here a few times and I've definitely noticed some ups and downs.

As a drinking establishment, I think it deserves definite props.  They have a very extensive beer selection and very nice bartenders who are willing to talk with you and advise you on your beverage selection.  They've got a fireplace which is nice in the winter, no cover ever and a very casual extended bar area that you can sit and and enjoy your libations.

I really feel like the food has been hit or miss.  I've tried sandwiches which were tasty, some fried items that were missing the flavor and or texture that I was looking for and even their Charcuterie which was good but not spectacular.

I'm not saying I won't go back.  I end up here pretty frequently.  I think I need to eat here more to develop a better opinion.  I wish I could go to 3.5 stars but I can't vote that.  I think there is more potential here and I'm going to try to find it.
I find it hard to believe that I haven't written a review yet for this place, as I tend to come multiple times a week. This is my absolutely favorite [neighborhood] spot (or spot in general?) for a few reasons:

1. I love beer, and they love beer. The beer list is consistently on point and often (very often) has beers I haven't heard of or seen elsewhere.

2. The food is great. They recently redid their menu, and I think it's even better. Check out the grilled cheese, BLT, and roasted chicken salad. The $3 pretzels are also a must. And the mussels are great! (As much as I love the food, it is not very vegan friendly, for the record.)

3. Happy hour. You can't beat it. Half off all drafts!! Wine is $5 too if that's more your thing. The house wine is pretty good. They also have a HH food menu.

4. Quizzo on Tuesdays is fun. They also have lots of other events happening.

5. Everyone who works here is really awesome. Huge shout out to the bartenders. You can also feel comfortable/safe coming alone. You will definitely meet regulars at the bar, I promise!
I have this really complicated relationship with the Devil's Den. It's like the guy who calls you once and a while out of the blue, and even though you're dreadfully ashamed of and perplexed by yourself, you always agree to go out one more time. Can't put a finger on why, since each experience after the first has been underwhelming, but its convenience and surface appeal always keep me coming back to give it another go. Seriously, I think the Devil's Den has an OKCupid account.

The appeal that drew me back today was a 1,000-point table reservation on OpenTable, and having heard that there was a new regime in the kitchen. I had some friends in town who used to live nearby so I figured it would be a good, nostalgic choice.

Our meeting today was promising. I asked if it would be any trouble to combine two reservations at one table, and by the way we have two fewer than anticipated and we're not all here yet, and she handled this with aplomb. I had my repeated explanation on my lips for that inevitable blank-stare-what???-response, and my words failed me because she didn't bat even an eyelash and sallied off to put together some tables. I stood there for a moment baffled, with growing delight. This was the reunion I had been hoping for!

We were quickly seated and waited for the rest of our group to trickle in. There was no pressure during the waiting which was great. I selected a bottle of Revolution Cider, a Philadelphia brew that I've had on draft before and enjoyed. When I poured it into the glass, it was completely flat, nary a bubble in sight. Womp womp. I took a sip, and the flavor was actually essence of womp womp. All at the table tried and agreed, this did not taste right. I communicated this to the waitress and got a lot of "oh it's because it's from the bottle and not draft, it tastes different," and "sorry you don't like it but I can't take a bottle off the check" (not that I even asked her to- but I'm sure one could have discounted some food or something in compensation. Whatever). 

So then I thought maybe I'll get a bloody mary, having observed that the mimosas were much heavier on the OJ than I prefer since I'm not a huge OJ fan. But I really am not fond of horseradish. I asked if their mix already had the horseradish in it or if they added it as a separate item. Pre-mixed, she says, and cannot seem to imagine that the bartender could make a fresh one (she said they did have tomato juice), y'know, without the horseradish. Oy vey. Never mind. I don't want anything to drink, thanks. 

At this point in the date I was over you, Devil's Den, but I still wanted to get a meal out of this. I had decided before I even came that it was a crab cake benedict for me, all the way. When our plates finally arrived, I was somewhat let down by the portion. All around me were heaping plates of yummy looking goodness, and in front of me was one was crab cake with a poached egg on top on a piece of brioche toast (hollandaise on the side per my request. You always did remember the way I liked that). It was one letdown too far. I ate it. It was OK. They could have cut the size of the crabcake, used actual lump crabmeat, and done two with way less filler, and then it would have been worth $12 and two hours of woodsmoke asphyxiation. Heck, I would even pay $14 if that was the dish I was getting.

For what it's worth, as is typical of that annoying on-again-off-again, everyone else seemed pleased, although E said the bacon in his ALT was absolutely flavorless.

It's the neighborhood place that I love to hate and hate to love. Why can't I get over you, Devil's Den?
This review is only for the drinks and ambience. 
F and I were meeting friends for dinner and arrived early, so we Yelped a nearby bar spot.
Devil's Den was it. When we walked in on a chilly evening, this place hit a lot of my hot buttons.
Dark and cozy, roaring wood burning fire in a charming brick fireplace. Full, comfortable bar with a friendly and helpful barman named Chris.
He suggested his concoction, the Philadelphia,  I think he called it, made with fresh cucumber simple syrup and bourbon. So good!
Chris suggested the appropriate beer for F and we happily whiled away 45 minutes before dinner. 
I would definitely give Devil's Den a go for another cocktail and some food next time.
Devil's Den has a nice selection of beer - something for everyone, really.  The food, however, leaves much to be desired.  I'm not tryin to hate, so to speak, but other than the mussels (which are the menu's highlight), the food is bland and boring.  It's not bad, but it lacks flare and perhaps some creativity and ingenuity.  I've never been wowed by an experience at Devil's Den, but I'm always pleased with the service, espesh at the bar.

That it's within quick walking distance of my abode is worth the trip of going back to see if the menu has improved at all with time and subtle hints of critique to the chef.
Went for dinner with my bro a short whiles ago, it was the new spot in our neighborhood and after biking past it numerous times decided to stop in...

the menu was very limited, whereas the beer list was several times the food menu's length...so its definitely a beer pub as opposed to a "gastropub"...

bro had the burger and i had the mussels...not bad, but not great...service was great, but we were the only table in the dining room (this was around 6:45 on a Monday evening)...

will probably stop back for drinks, and read recently that there's been a chef change in the kitchen, so hopefully the food selections will be more than a single page long...
Ugh, what can I say? Another bar with zero atmosphere below Washington. It wasn't bad, it wasn't good, it was just sorta there. I came in with three friends for a late after movie beer. Three of us got the fries, which will never crack the top ten in this city (see Monks, Good Dog, Five Guys) . They had kind of a weird-something-else-was-in-the-oil-prior to them taste. The beer selection is good but it's in a section of town where the beer selection really isn't so bad (see POPE, SPTR). I think my biggest complaint was just it really doesn't set itself apart. The POPE is in the hood , so it has that going for it, besides being dark and really feeling like somewhat of a pub. There is really no Den type feeling or even Devil type vibe in this place. It's just there. I felt akin to sitting in maybe a chain restaurant in the burbs. We have the Cantina, we have the POPE, hell we have the FRIENDLY which is a gem, a bona fide gem, what is Devil's Den doing for us? You don't have to reinvent the wheel, just keep me from shrugging my shoulders and continuing to pedal when I come across your door.
Time for an update!  Now that I'm in the 'hood, the Devil's Den is my go-to bar.  I mean seriously, it's right around the corner.  

I've come here with a rowdy birthday party (Tuesday) and I come in for Phillies games (many of which are also rowdy).  The staff always works hard to please everyone.  The beer selection is still always stellar and the half-price drafts at happy hour as many have mentioned are a total steal.

I had the seitan sloppy joe the other night which was off the hook.  The rest of their menu is comprised of solid gastropub fare.

If you're a regular here, you can get one of those frequent diner cards - once you get up to a certain amount, you get $25 for food.  I'll have to check back on the limit.  But it's a great deal for those who are always here...like me.
This is strictly a Brunch review:

Unfortunately, I will not be returning to or recommending Devil's Den for brunch--and what a bummer.

First negative, is I made a reservation on Opentable.com and got no points for it thanks to the hostess' neglect in checking us in.  Understandable to some degree, but still sort of annoying. Especially after this doosey of an experience.

Second, took FOREVER to get someone to wait on us. They sat us in the bar area at a high top table.  We were one of the only patrons in the place so I found it a little odd that no one was around to take care of us.  This was a brunch to celebrate with my Mom and Stepdad, so it was a little embarrassing. The bartender didn't even acknowledge us or provide any reassurance.

We quickly realized why.  We saw one server go up to the bar to get drinks for her table. As she was waiting at the bar she was SCREAMING profanities at the bartender and slamming things left and right.  And not just profanities, but things that made my mother blush.  Not exactly sure what he did wrong, but clearly it was something along the lines of cheating on her with her sister. She was fuming. Meanwhile we prayed she wasn't about to wait on us. My Mom at this point is looking VERY uncomfortable. I'm mortified.

A server finally arrives with no apology. Take our order. 45 minutes later someone else brings our food. We never see that server again until she drops the check. No refills, no "how was the food", etc. I left having to apologize the entire walk home to my folks. Not exactly how I had planned on spending my Sunday afternoon.

Hugely disappointed. Food was OK but the service was so bad there's not much more I can give than 1 star.
I don't know why but I constantly confuse this place with Devil's Alley.  I know they're nowhere near each other, but every time I hear Devil's Den it makes me think of the little place that could on Chestnut...  Will there be a trademark litigation in the near future I wonder? Or, are those two places in cahoots to just confuse us poor folks that can't make the distinction?

Anyhoo, if drinkin' is your name, and you live in South Philly, then Devil's DEN is your game.  If you're looking to snack, the food is semi-edible for low expectations bar-eatin' fare.  But seriously, their beer menu means business - they've got a nice selection of drafts and bottles - and they're on par with any good beer drinkin' bar in the city.

The place is shiny and new and super roomy with a sizeable bar area to match.  The food is one of their low points - gastropub, puh-lease.  The menu offerings are all over the place and the food was pretty lackluster.  The fries and the garlic aioli (which I think is the true muster test for any good beer drinkin' bar) weren't very good. The aioli was bland and the fries limp and soggy.

Service was really weird, often absent (which was inexcusable because the place wasn't busy - even for a Saturday night)  Also, I don't really know who our actual, official server was, because it seemed like our table kept getting passed around to whomever was free to handle our orders, requests for beer or the check at the end of our meal.

If you live nearby or you're indulging in some eats around Washington  Avenue, this is a good place to get a great beer or three... otherwise, go to a REAL gastropub.
Pretty good beer selection and nice customers, but major negative for the waitress who tried to cheat us without having us notice.  Two of us dropped in just to get a beer each.  The bill was $11.55 and we gave her $17 (yes, it's an odd number, but we each threw in random amounts of cash for our individual beers).  When the waitress returned she said awkwardly "this is what they gave me back" and left us $4.  What a cheater!  I don't know her name, but she works the front table area by the entrance and it happened tonight (Thursday).  Beware!  

This sucks because I would have gone back.  Now I'm definitely not stepping my foot in here again.
The food here is not awesome. But It is getting better each time I go. The first time I ate here, I ordered the mussels and they were way undercooked...

I ate em anyway. My bad.

However, the beer selection is pretty tasty. A nice spectrum of draft imports and a safe selection of domestic micros. Everything's a bit overpriced. Also, don't forget to include tax into the price of the beer. They don't do it for you.

To be honest. the only reason I go here is because it really close to the place where I do laundry.
This is one of those places that I want to love, but they just have so many royal screwups that I can't give any more than 3 stars. The place is nice and cozy inside, they have a great selection of beers with an amazing happy hour, and the food is actually really good. But weird little things always go wrong. Today I went for brunch and our waitress seemed grouchy and complained a little about how much water we were drinking, and if we were the kind of people who just sat and guzzled water I could understand. However we all had coffee and cocktails in addition to the water, and she made some comment about how thirsty we were. They were out of ham. They are always out of something! I went two weeks ago and they only had two of the desserts on the menu when there were maybe 6 listed, not good for a birthday celebration! So our food comes out, and the menu said all of the brunch comes with fruit, and no one has fruit. I really wanted the fruit, so I asked, and the waitress blamed it on the food runner. But then she went to get the fruit and came back from the kitchen saying they were out of fruit. Really? The place is two blocks from the Italian market, go buy some fucking fruit. Whatever, I was over it, until after we settled our check I saw two plates come out of the kitchen with fruit on them!! And speaking of the check, there were inconsistencies with the prices, we were charged higher prices for some things than what was listed on the menu, but we decided just to let it go.  
Now to list some weird things that happened on previous visits - the first time I was here for dinner we asked about the soup and were told it was parsley. We didn't order it. Then later that week, back for brunch, they told us it was parsley soup again. My roommate was curious so he decided to order. It was totally PARSNIP not PARSLEY and there was something we couldn't identify as a garnish, so he asked what it was. The server didn't know. 
If it is cold out, do not let them seat you by the double doors. It's freezing! I never complain about being cold, but I had to eat with my coat on and my toes were numb. There is a nice toasty fireplace and you would think it would be warm, but it is drafty!
On almost every visit, the bathrooms have been either a little gross, or the lights are burnt out, or they are out of toilet paper or paper towels. 
When eating in the dining room, I asked if it would be ok to order something off of the bar menu, and the server basically said "duh" to me, as if I was asking something ridiculous. I have been to plenty of places where the bar menu is only for the bar, maybe that server doesn't get out much.
All of that being said, I still give 3 stars. It's close to my home, it is well priced, and really the food is good, if they have it, and if you can tolerate the quirky service.
Pros
- Ever-changing draft list of quality beers that I have a tough time choosing
- knowledgeable bar staff
- 2 huge TVs for watching the games when they're on
- 2 clean bathrooms 
- Kobe slider trio
- Awesome Hostess who always has interesting outfits

Cons
- Inconsistent service ranging from awesome to absolutely terrible
- Mediocre & expensive dinner menu
- wait staff doesn't always know liquor prices
- Hapy Hour food menu is a joke. Chickpea fries were lukewarm at best and the three-cheese croquettes didn't really have any kind of distinctive flavor. 
- Gulden Draak coasters... but no Guldeen Draak bottles to be found!

As it stands, the Den is my go-to spot to grab a great beer due to being stumbling distance from my home and the bar staff will actually give you real answers to beer inquiries, but if I am in the mood for something to eat, I'll skip this place and head somewhere else.
A word of warning: my car was broken into yesterday right in front of Devil's Den at noon, 12pm, in broad daylight on a Sunday. The car's passenger window was smashed and my belongings were stolen within clear view of the restaurant's large side window in the bar area. It was during a very busy brunch and people were constantly going in and out of the place. Yet, no one saw anything. 

There are surveillance cameras facing both the 11th Street and the Ellsworth Street outdoor seating areas (within 5-7 feet of where my car was parked), but the owner will not take the time to go through the footage to check and see if the break-in was recorded. Without this video footage the police have nothing to work with and break-ins will continue to occur in front of the restaurant morning, noon, and night.

I've been a regular patron of Devil's Den since 2008. 
Never eating/drinking here again.
Copious amounts of beer to choose from.  Nice selction of quality beer on tap too!  I like this place.  It's cozy and in the hood.  I had wonderful mussels au saffron that were so good I craved them for a couple days.  Service was very attentive.
This is a cute place and much-needed for the area it is in.  The beer selection is decent but the food... needs work.  The menu is very small and the way things are presented make it seem like they are trying too hard to be upscale.  The nachos in particular were a huge disappointment.  I didn't know it was possible to screw up a standard plate of bar nachos until the other night at Devil's Den.

After seeing a couple plates go by, we decided to order them.  We hadn't noticed an abundance of salsa, so we specifically asked for some on the side.  This is how the conversation went:

me: we'll have the nachos with a side of salsa
server: (weird look)...okay...

two minutes later

server: we don't have salsa... is fresh pico okay?
me: that would be great!

two minutes later

server: um, we can't do pico either.  How about a free side of guacamole?
me: um, okay

Who serves nachos without salsa or anything resembling salsa?  

Devil's Den does.

P.S.  For the record, ketchup is not really good on nachos...
In all actuality I would give the Den 6 stars, even though I'm only allowed to put 5.  I'm writing an update because I moved back to South Philly in June and this has become my new bar to go to.  

I have one complaint about the DD, there aren't enough good servers here.  There are two I really like and the other two I can't stand.  There was another I liked as well, but he's gone now.  If they upped the ante and got a few more awesome servers then this place would be more awesome than it already is.

Onto the good stuff now.  They have two full time bartenders that you could almost count on being there every time.  Both of them, one a man and one a woman are probably the two best bartenders in all of Philadelphia.  Both are sarcastic, witty, and always quick to pour a beer.  We're on a first name basis with each other now too which is pretty awesome because now it just feels like my very own Cheers every time I stop in to sit at the bar.  I actually have to stop over there(maybe tonight after a ridiculously long day at school) to talk to the lady bartender about the Phillies landing Roy Halladay.  She's even more gun ho about the Phillies than I am which is insanely hard to believe.

The Atmosphere is great.  It is really clean and kept very nice.  The bar is really long which I like so there is plenty of room to sit down and watch a Phillies or Sixers game.  There are double sided fire places so in the winter I get to drink a beer by a cozy fireplace.  In the summer their big double door windows are open so the fresh air comes in.  I think this place gets so many piss poor reviews because it is actually clean thus making it non hipster friendly.  

Onto the rest of the great stuff about the Den.  The food is excellent.  I'm completely shocked I have seen two bad reviews on the food here.  There may be more, but I've only found two thus far.  It must have just been a bad experience one time or something.  I wouldn't be surprised because no establishment is going to be perfect every time.  I for one have never had a bad experience with the food here.  It is a little pricey, but it's no more pricey than the other gastro pubs in the neighborhood.  For anyone reading this that wants to go grab a bite and a beer at the Devil's Den then I'll suggest what I like there:  The French Dog, the Burger, the Cuban, the Pulled Pork Sandwich, and the Fried Zucchini are all out of this world.  I hear the vegan food is excellent as well, but being the fat kid carnivore I am if I'm spending $9 on a meal I want meat with it.  

The beer selection is one of the best in the city aside from the obvious places like Monk's and Eulogy.  The prices are all reasonable as well.  The Happy Hour is incredible, half price draughts and unlike their counterparts down Passyunk the Devil's Den actually has a reasonable Happy Hour 5-7 unlike the other two places which I speak of whose Happy Hour's are 4-6.  

Lastly, I have to write about the perk of the Devil's Den card.  I'm an alcoholic and I love food, so I'm at the Devil's Den often especially considering it is two blocks from my apt.  They have this little card that the staff swipes for me every time I go there.  Once you get to $300 on the card they give a $25 food credit which is awesome because it is a free meal.  The best is when I go with a large group of people and the tab is like $200.  

Anyway, I could go on forever about how awesome the Devil's Den is so I'll just stop here.  Next time you happen to be in South Philly and are looking for a bar to have a beer and dinner then I highly recommend stopping in the Devil's Den.
The Den, as I affectionately call it, has become my neighborhood haunt whenever I'm up in Philly. My friend I usually stay with lives right around the corner so it's pretty easy to pop in there whenever we get a chance. The Den is a no frills pub with a kickass beer list and amazing food to boot! I almost always get one of the mussels dishes when I'm there (the diablo is aaaaamazing!) I have spent many a lazy afternoon just shooting the shit with the bartenders here, they're all great (shout out to Josh!). It's definitely a great local place to kick your feet up and just relax with some good drinks and nomz!
i heart the devil's den.

with an intimidating beer list, and delicious gastropub/comfort food fare, this is the kind of place i like to go when i feel like kicking back with a few new friends.  

like everyone else has mentioned, the happy hour is just wonderful.  grab yourself some top notch craft beer drafts at half price.  the cute happy hour tapas are also awesome.  my favorite entree is the vegetarian sloppy joe - which as a meat eater, i still very much enjoyed.  love the fries and the spicy mayo dip as well.
Finally...a decent pub in south Philly. 

Happy hour prices for a pint are reasonable, but can otherwise be pricey.  The beer list is creative & boutiquey, but lacks a few good staple beers...sometimes you just want a Guinness. 

Service is adequate, but nothing amazing. The fireplace is nice in the winter...now we just need to get winters back. I'm also partial to the name. No rest for the wicked.
They have an amazing draft beer list. The food is good, but the portions were fairly small. They have excellent happy hour specials. It is owned by the same people as Old Eagle in Manayunk.. another favorite for beer.
Service is terrible. Food is mediocre. Beer is good but anyone can serve good beer. I want to like this place but I can't. Every time I visit, my experience worsens.
Beer selection rocks. GREAT Happy hour specials and a huge beer selection. Food is decent. Salmon sandwich is delicious. Great decor. Good service.
I had heard some good things about the new pub Devil's Den, so we headed to South Philly.  After nearly walking by the place since it only has a chalk board on the street as a sign, we were pleasantly surprised to find 16 beers on tap and old friend and fellow Delco Guy Randy Walker behind the 15 seat bar.  After trying a few of Randy's suggestions, my companion passed on a Hennepin in favor of an EXCELLENT Ayinger Brau Weisse and I went with a Maredsous 8.  Anytime you can get two beers of this quality on tap, things are looking good.

Then we ordered the Mussels au Lager.  We should have stopped with the beer.  My companion's second shell creature was so bad it made her gag.  I had a few good ones before I had to admit some were good and some were just plain awful.  It seemed as though a good batch was mixed in with an old batch.  I soldiered on, while my companion ate the very good fries while passing on the below-average side of mayo.

The mussels necessitated a trip to the very nicely done bathroom, and we paid up and headed out.  While I loved the location, ambiance, beer selection and HD TVs,  bad mussels and good beer is a combination I can find lots of places.  Given that friends had a similar recent experience at Devil's Den, I'm not sure I can recommend the food.  Do drop in and see the proud new papa behind the bar though!
I'm fairly new to South Philly but I have found my new favorite place. Devil's Den has a great color story, great beer and food menu and enough space to have any kind of event! So far, I have been there for half-price drafts during the week and a nice late afternoon meal on a Saturday. This place is great for a date, fun with a flat mate, drown your sorrows and rant about people you hate, or to simply celebrate! What a great place to be... Devil's Den is the place for me! I AM A HUGE FAN OF DEVIL'S DEN!!!
Came here for brunch with a friend, because it was a Sunday and the only non-BYOB in my neighborhood I could find open at 10:30 (we are early risers!).  Mimosas here are only $3 and you can get a beermosa (Ommegang Witte + OJ) for $4.50.  My friend got the regular mimosa and was happy, I got the beermosa and was extremely pleased--you could definitely taste the characteristics of the ommegang, which blends well with any kind of citrus.

To eat, I had the avocado benedict, which was an extremely indulgent and unconventional benedict.  It was a single set up, with a poached egg, especially creamy hollandaise, breaded and fried avocado, atop a slice of brioche.  It came with a side of home fries.  I added some sriracha and was in heaven.  It was an absolutely delicious breakfast.  My friend ordered the burrito, which was insanely huge, and got through about 1/4 of it.  She was happy with her breakfast, but not as wowed as I.  

Service was great.  Our server was friendly and our table was bussed promptly after we were done. I will definitely be back for brunch for the cheap mimosas and early opening time.
I happened upon this place when I got a flat tire in South Philly, and what a happy accident it was.  I immediately loved the vibe-large photos of delapitated buildings and rowhimes in Philly made for a lovely backdrop.  I am a sucker for craft beer & microbrew places.  The beer menu here is ridiculous.  Beer flights ($9 each) are a great way to sample a few beers-and increase the likelihood that you will like one.  I had a great strawberry wheat brew on draft that was recommended by the waitress-who happened to be lovely and attentive.  The food was out of this world too-my friend & I got burgers which were great.  Can't wait to go back!
Devil's den is such a great place to go on a chilly night. Remember that huge snow storm we had a few weeks ago? I trucked here through the BLIZZARD-LIKE conditions to be welcomed with a blazing-hot fire - how nice. I always have a great time here. I would recommend a flight if you've never been here before. I've been here many times and I always start out with one because they change them all the time! So take a seat near the fire and enjoy!
This review is for drinks only, and as far as that goes I think this place is great. 

On a Saturday night a group of six of us went here for after-dinner drinks, and we were seated at a nice table away from the bar. You can tell this place has a classy vibe just from the decor: nice wood tabletops, good lighting, a fireplace. The beer list, too, is extensive and worth its salt. They had Triple Karmeliet and I ordered it even though it's expensive, and when I went for round two the server was kind enough to tell me to wait a bit as they had just started cooling so it'd be a bit warm. Thanks for this, Devil's Den--no one likes an unexpectedly warm beer when you're paying $8. The bar area was pretty crowded, but at around 10pm at a Saturday we had no problem getting a quiet-ish table or having space when our party grew to eight. 

If this place was in my neighborhood I bet I'd be a regular, and I'll definitely be heading back for the food.
Sigh. I wish Devil's Den would get their act together. They had something amazing going and consistently try to ruin it with their changing of the food menu and their beer menu, once an impressive selection has now fallen victim to mediocrity. Some of the amazing servers are still there but a lot have left. That being said, this review is based on my fiance's and my past two visits. The first visit, we went with our friends, who also live in the neighborhood and the food was mediocre and severely overpriced. $10 for two small empanadas?! Come on. Service was on point. 

Second visit, we decided to go on New Years Day on our way back from the Mummers' Day after party festivities to grab a quick bite to eat. The beer list was for lack of a better word...boring. My fiance noticed that there was a beer with 4.5% alcohol for $6.50? I mean come on. The bacon cheese fries had almost no bacon and a ridiculous amount of scallions. If I wanted scallion fries that's what I would have ordered. Sigh, devil's den, please get it together. Everytime you do this, I have to avoid you for a few months just out of principle. Not to mention, I have also caught wind of how you treated some of your former employees and it's not becoming. Stop with the nickel and diming because yes, your regulars do notice and knock off the corporate crap then maybe we'll be back sooner rather than later.
Great spot for upscale bar food! The place has a locals feel with two options--you can either sit in bar area and enjoy a game or in the dining area near a lovely fireplace in a quieter setting. The service is friendly and prompt and the food is on point. Enjoyed the bacon wrapped dates, which game with goat cheese! For a main course I had the muscles, I liked the lemongrass curry, so much so I took the left over sauce home! I tried my friends traditional muscles and those were yummy as well. It came with fries (shoestring and crunchy) or side salad which had a great dressing on it. 

Nice beer selection and a smooth cab for $5.50 on the menu, you can't beat that. Also had some good veggie options like black bean burger and falafel .Great bar!
Did you know there are restaurants out there that sell bottles of wine for under $20? Well, Devils Den is one of them. Pair that with their awesome fries, outdoor seating, and dog watching and I think I found my new regular bar. Mind you, I won't being doing a bottle of wine every time I go there but it's good to know when out with a group. lol.

Things on their menu to try- the cavatappi with short rib. Decedent, filling and worth the food coma. The cheese fries: Amazing cheese sauce with bacon! Tip- ask for a side of honey mustard. It's house made and has quite the kick to it. The perfect balance to the beer cheese sauce. Finally, the grilled Caesar salad was really good.  Two large bunches of romaine drizzled with dressing and served with chicken. For the low price of $10, totally worth it! 

Head on over here in the warmer months and get a table on the sidewalk or at the giant open windows. You won't be disappointed. :)
I think I liked Devil's Den. Maybe because their signage is cool, but still. I think I liked it!

Or maybe because I drank a Roy Pits Ichabod's Midnight Ride Belgian style ale. First of all, ICHABOD'S MIDNIGHT RIDE! So great. Also, Sleepy Hollow? Great movie. Second, it was delicious, if you like sweeter beers. Ugh. So good.

It was strange though, their prices were a little odd. Some beers were rather expensive, while others weren't at all (mine was $4). They had the Franziskaner Heffeweissen for $6, and I know that it's at least a dollar cheaper at Local 44.

The food was good, too, but I didn't really sample enough to know for sure.

If I'm in the area, I'd see myself going back.
The two stars might seem harsh. But when you're an established beer venue with a great reputation, someone's gotta call you out on the watered down beer.

If you believe that proper storage of beer involves pouring what little is left of a Rodenbach Grand Cru keg into a pitcher that you then cover with plastic wrap and then just let it sit in your walk-in...there's this little thing called condensation that sometimes happens and then you end up with a lot of water in your beer...please feel free to do that with a Coors, Bud, Miller - any beer that already is pretty close to being water. PLEASE NEVER do that with any other quality beer you guys serve. Please also do not attempt to serve said watered down used-to-be-Grand Cru to your guests who are expecting to get exactly what they ordered. 

Mind you, Devil's Den, I dig your awesome beer selection. I also dig your waitstaff and bartenders. Solid folks with lightning-fast wit. Your fireplace keeps me warm when I'm there and smelling wonderful when I leave. But I come there for the beer first and foremost and if there's anyone working for you who doesn't understand how to properly store beer? That's a problem.
They have a great happy hour and decent food but the rudest and least professional staff I have experienced in philadelphia. I have given them several chances but it is always the same. The last time I went there we were the only costumers there, and the bartender could not have been more annoyed by our presence. She spent the first 15 minutes of us trying to get her attention putting make up on behind the bar (so unsanitary). As more people came in, we had to practically beg for her to get us a drink and our bill. A girl I was with asked for a drink and she claimed not to have the ingredients - pickle juice. She then asked the server who got her pickle juice, and the bartender rolled her eyes and reluctantly made her a drink. This has been the attitude and demeanor of every single person I had had serve me here and I most likely will not be back!
I don't know why I haven't written a review for Devil's Den yet - I have had numerous great experiences here, and find myself referring friends from out of town to try the Den when they are nearby for concerts/events.
 
Last night, I had my first Happy Hour experience here - which I feel is worth sharing with the world.  They feature a tapas menu for Happy Hour - we had the spicy hummus - for $4 we got a large portion of hummus and plenty of delicious pita to eat it all up.  All of our beers were 1/2 off during the Happy Hour time, which I believe is from 5-7, Monday through Friday - but don't quote me on that. I had 2 different pumpkin beers, as well as a coffee-chocolate beer that was a great way to end the meal, sadly the names of the brews escape me.  One thing I know for sure, is that they constantly rotate their draft beer and always have a great beer selection.

I am a creature of habit, and typically get mussels here or the salmon BLT.  All of the mussels are delicious, and the salmon blt is just so right.  The fries are also super crunchy and come with a great aioli dipping sauce. 

Service has been consistently good here, everyone is nice, and when I can't decide what to drink they offer up a suggestion. And I enjoy the ambience, it's certainly a nicer bar and has a cozy, neighborhood, feel which I love. Will always return to the Devil's Den and continue bringing friends and family from out of town.
The happy hours here are awesome.  1/2 off every beer on draft (they have a great selection) and $3 bar snacks.  We got the shipyard pumpkin beer which I think is my new favorite beer.  We also got a huge plate of spicy hummus and the chickpea fries which were amazing.  They aren't your traditional fries and look more like square nuggets w/ aoli and a cucumber slice on top.  They were fantastic, but sadly there were only 3 per order.  I could probably eat like 10 of them.  So for 20 bucks, we were full and drunk.  I will definitely be back again for happy hour.  Next time I'll have to get here right at 5 to snag a seat at the bar.
Caveat-- beer only.  I was ridiculously impressed that they have Southern Tier Unearthly IPA on tap, one of the best brews from a top 20 brewer in the world and very unlikely to be found in these parts.  Crowd seemed chill at 9:30 on a Friday night, with people trying a bit less hard than they do at the PoPE or Royal, probably the two greater neighborhood comparison bars.  I'd amend the review after I eat there, but this 5 *s for the beer can be weighted out against all them picky eaters out there.
CLUSTER-F*CK
CHAOS
SH+T SHOW
are all adjectives that can be used to describe the bar scene at Devils Den.

Went for the DFH event and all of south philly decided to congregate at this bar at the exact moment that CB and i walked in. 
Luckily the oh so awesome Casey R was there and was gracious enough let us stand in real close while we stalked a couple that had paid a half hour before we got there and nursed one beer for what felt like and eternity.
When my grandparents i mean the couple decided they had their fill they left us with two great seats and we gathered ourselves for all the DFH we could drink.
I was very impressed with the beer selection (theres a book similar to the beer bible at monks)  The beers are pretty reasonably priced and the specialty offerings were a great value ranting from $5-$9.
We decided to only try beers we had never had i went with the gluten free Twseasnon'ale , Red and White,Namaste.

All very good choices and service was ok (minus the rude person i talked too on the phone )

We tried the diablo mussels which came with frites and bread. The broth was spicy and had great flavor. I wasn't too happy that a few of the mussels were still slightly closed. 

Not sure if i would  come here again but if i was in the hood and craving a beer i would know where to find one.
The good--good beer selection, good prices, good happy hour!  And the bartenders always know the beers and will help describe them and offer taste to try it out!

The bad--I liked eating here a lot but since new chef they have removed my best items and replaced with bad things!  Duck fries are gone from menu. :(  I had pork sandwich that was smallest thing I have ever ordered for $10!  I have very small appetite and was still hungry after eating sandwich and fries!  I hope new chef makes bigger portions.
Tonight we celebrated our PSN Kickball Victory with the typical celebratory drinks.  This time I ventured into some new dishes and I loved the Figs with Gorgonzola!  Definitely a neat and yummy dish to try!  Diablo muscles were delicious too!  Oh and I almost forgot the Beet Salad too which I had on a previous visit, yum!  Give me a couple more rounds at this place and the food and I am sure it will be 5 stars in no time!
Although I wouldn't knock off a star for it, I can't recommend going here for Friday happy hour anymore.

Devil's Den maintains the high honor as my favorite South Philly bar for happy hour.  A phenomenal frequently rotating and massive tap list at half price from 5-7 Monday through Friday.  I regularly get amazing beers here for unbelievably economical prices.

The reason for this update?  Many, many other intelligent beer drinkers have discovered this place and the service on Fridays has suffered tremendously.  The service at both the bar and at tables is often pretty slow considering we're just ordering beers.  I've felt a bit ignored and then when ordering had to feel guilty for trying to put in a beer order for all of my friends at once (who have had a dry glass for 10-15 minutes).  The service has also bordered on downright rude.  One time I asked if there was still time for happy hour prices, was told "You got it boss," put in my order and then everything came full price on our receipt.  When I complained I was scolded by the bartender for ordering beers "last minute."  Is this not a universal happy hour tradition?

I figure they just lack the amount of servers and tenders needed for how busty happy hour gets.  Regardless, I recommend avoiding Fridays and coming ANY other week night.  And DO GO any other week night.
I thought this place was pretty good!

I had the Belgian beer flight and the roasted vegetable sandwhich. I liked all the beers in the flight (only one that I was so-so about) and the sandwhich was pretty tasty served on foccacia and the fries came with a spicy aioli to dip them in. Yumm! It was pretty packed because of the b-ball games but the atmosphere was good.

I hear the happy hours are great here so I'll have to venture back in for that sometime.
I really haven't gotten a good read on this place yet.  All the makings of a nice place, interior, decent service..great selection of beers bottles/draft....Everytime I stop in it's usually on a Sunday afternoon with not many people inside for 1 or 2 beers so I''m not sure if this is indicative of say a Friday or Saturday night...Off to a good start in my book...
In a word: such bourgeoisie nonsense.

I've never been given such a hard time trying to have a drink somewhere.  It's been going on since they opened, and it's finally time to say something.  Carded a dozen times by the same waitress in the span of 4 months.  Bartenders must not be accustomed to folks having more than three drinks.  I've never laughed at someone after being cut off before!

They need to make up their mind if they want to be a Chilis or if they want to actually be a decent bar.

Such beautiful beer.

Such beautiful brunch.  Good neighborhood place.  Just don't laugh out loud.  And screw Darius Rucker.  So torn to be living half a block from you, Yup-yup A-Hole's Den.
I'm so surprised by all of the negative review's I'm seeing about DD!  I went here with some friends last night (including a local who comes here pretty often) and had a really fantastic experience.  We were all raving about it afterwards.  

My meal started off with the bacon-wrapped dates- OMG.  These were absolutely divine.  I could have had two plates of these and called it my dinner.

But I'm so glad I didn't, because then I wouldn't have eaten the Provencal Mussels that I had as my entree.  I chose these over the traditional as a recommendation from our waitress, and thank god I took her advice!  The broth was incredible (chock full of sun dried tomatoes) and I couldn't stop sipping the broth and dipping the accompanying grilled bread so that I could get as much garlicky wonderfulness as possible.  The fries weren't the best I've ever had, but they were a good side dish, especially when dipped in the spicy aioli.

I also tried my friend's macaroni and cheese, which was a special appetizer for the night.  The portion was huge and only cost $6! It was a pretty stellar mac and cheese, very creamy and satisfying.

I would definitely come back here again, not only for the food but also for the atmosphere which was so cozy and warm on a winter day.
Alright Devil's Den, buckle up! Just as we should have one Sunday night for dinner...

We were in the neighborhood and thought we'd stop in for dinner. We'd previously only ever had (some of the best) beer here and the occasional order of chickpea fries.

So we were seated. A server came with water and took our beer order, and it took pretty long to get our beers. Like I said, their beer options are why we had gone so many times without eating here - came just for the beer! 

We ordered mussels, I forget which. The mussels themselves were okay...but the accompanying fries were SO SALTY they were pretty much inedible. 

I ordered Fish & Chips and the BF ordered a cheesesteak. The entree was $15 which is entirely too expensive for not specifying the fish! Also because the fried fish was so greasy that it was mush. The potatoes were the best part of my meal here. Now, the BF isn't one to complain about food very often, so I didn't expect to hear anything from him...but! He said his cheesesteak was almost entirely flavorless. Sorry Devil's Den, your food is just not good. I hope y'all fix it. I wanted to like your food too.

We might still go for Sour Fest because it's a unique event and we've been going to it ever since it began...but let's hope we don't get hungry.
This is a great neighborhood bar.  The fireplace just past the entrance is a nice and warm welcoming touch for these colder months.

Decent bar space and hightops that you can easily walk in and grab a seat.  Good beer selection with an ever rotating line-up or artisan beers.  Bartenders are knowledgable and can help you navigate your choice of beverage.
Terrible service. I find myself drawn to sitting at the bar/hightops and secretly praying I don't get stuck in the dining room. While, as one poster already wrote, noone ever seems to be your dedicated server, the majority of the servers don't seem to care. Requests for WATER seem like a burden. One server tends to slam down your drinks every single time I order. Also, god forbid you want to move a chair from another table. This spot is NOT good for large groups.

The only reason I give this place a 3rd star is the Happy Hour can't be beat. The "tapas" are all tasty, and 1/2 price drafts are welcoming. Just don't sit in the dining room unless you want to leave with a bad taste in your mouth.
The place is about a block for my house so I have been there several time. Every time I come I leave a little disappointed. I end up going again since it is so close. 
It is not that it's that bad it's that it is consistently inconsistent.

Drinks-
The bar is good and generous for beer and liquor. They have a long beer list and they are good with letting you try them.
The couple of times I got a glass of wine it was somewhat warm and tasted like it was opened a couple of days ago.

Food-
The menu sounds very cool and the food sounds very tasty.
I had good wings there with a nice buffalo flavor and on another time the wings arrived cold.
I had a great burger on one visit and when I had another sandwich (duck) it was dry on a bun that was probably a day or two old - or tasted like it was a day or two old.
The fries were undercooked a couple of times and really good on other visits.
I think fries, winds and sandwiches are the bare basics for a bar menu and they manage to mess them up.

I hope they read this review and work on improving the kitchen since the place has a lot of potential.
I've been to Devil's Den twice and pretty solidly enjoyed it.  If there is one thing you order when you come here, it is the duck fries.  Crispy hot fries covered in cheese and duck confit?  Get out of here.  They are unbelievable and totally worth the $10 which I would normally never pay for a plate of fries.  

We also had the confit chicken wings which we had really high expectations for but honestly they are not as good as Varga Bar and they just were not as tender as something confit should be.  Good flavor and I liked the dry rub but not the best wings I've ever had.

Also amazing is the Diablo Mussels- a spicy broth with chorizo and some other delicious things...everyone at the table was going for that broth and the server was awesome enough to bring us more bread so we could soak it all up (and then yes someone did drink the dregs...don't judge).  Really amazing flavors with just the right amount of heat.

Someone else had I think it's called the Farmer's Burger?  There is a burger that is basically gluttony on a plate.  It has a few kinds of meat, egg, cheese, and sauce and really is a commitment.  

I had the veggie burger which was huge and had fresh toppings on it.  I thought the bun was delicious but the burger itself could have been a little more exciting.  Veggies burgers can be hard though and it was pretty good overall.

The beer list is pretty expansive and has lots of different draft and bottle options.  We went during a sour/IPA event and were a little disappointed to find only about 3 'true' sours on the menu but there was one called Bullfrog Jong Bruin Cafe that two people in our party declared 'the best beer they had ever tasted' so props for selecting that one!  I had a pretty delicious cherry lambic on tap which was smooth and fruity.
I really want to like this place, I do. It's close to my apartment, they have a great beer list and I love the fireplace/outdoor seating. I just don't know why I walk away having an average experience every time I go. It's missing something. I think I might want it to be my go-to neighborhood bar but there is so much turnover in the wait staff that I only recognize one or two people every time I go. And to be a good neighborhood spot, you need to know the bartenders and wait staff on a personal level. All in all, great beer list, okay food, and nice atmosphere.
Just went there for brunch and it was one of the best I've ever had.  The slab of bacon over grits with eggs over easy and home fries was absolutely to die for and only eight bucks!  Also got a chance to taste their cheese burger (basic but perfectly executed and very juicy) and the pan fried avocado benedict which was also really good and something a little different.  For an app we got the cheese fries with bacon which were exactly what they needed to be and not at all greasy.

The only downer on the meal was the duck sausage which is in patty form (something I'm not a fan of) and a little dry and under-seasoned.  Not worth taking a star off for but I wouldn't recommend getting it.

As for the rest, mimosas were good and cheap, the BEERmosa was tasty and as someone who doesn't normally like Bloody Marys they make a good one.  Atmosphere was cozy and warm with a nice smokey fireplace smell.

I can't recommend Devil's Den enough for a fantastic and affordable brunch.
While having one of the best draught and bottle beer lists in Philly, overall this place has gone downhill.  They should have stuck with the "leave well enough alone" rule for the menu.  They used to offer a fairly solid menu that was reasonably priced and had a couple of vegetarian options.  Now, the Den apparently thinks it's a French BYOB.  The new menu is trying WAY too hard and most offerings are more expensive.  Pickled quail eggs?  Give me a fucking break. You can't even get just a single burger anymore but are instead forced to accept 3 different varieties in their "burger trio", which I find incredibly presumptuous.  The seitan meatballs, while a nice idea, are just "meh".

The service is very hit or miss, with a strong emphasis on MISS as of late.  A month ago after posting up at the bar with some friends, it took a full 15 minutes and constantly staring down the bartender to get served.  It wasn't as busy as it can be, but this is unacceptable by any standard.  The second-to-last time I was there with a small group at a table, our server messed up 2 of our dink orders and then didn't take them off the bill until we asked.  She was also way too chipper (think TGI Friday's).  Hey, I don't want to be treated like an asshole, but I also don't want to be your best friend.  The last time I was there a couple of weeks ago, with a larger group, was actually quite good.  It was almost as if our server were trying to make up for the crappy service that seems to be the recent general consensus.

Overall, still generally worth it for the excellent beer offerings alone.
Great potential, bad management.

I had always enjoyed the atmosphere of this bar. Although the prices were always steep for both food and drink at this bar, the choice of beer tended to justify this premium.

However, after years of patronizing the establishment, I encountered great frustration with staff wanting to serve people after 1:30 A.M. Due to the fact that they wanted to get home. This was on a Saturday night.

After contacting the owner, it was clear that he blindly stands behind the poor customer service provided by his staff. After relaying my concerns of his staff ignoring a large group who came in during business hours (of which, two were drunk, and not drinking - not the rest!) in order to go home, I received this response:

"I do certainly appreciate you relaying you concerns to me. Unfortunately

it would seem that your entire group was intentionally given slow and

absentee service do to what you feel was two "drunk" people in your group,

but what my staff (with corroboration by video)felt was a majority of

your group.  One of the women with you fell not once but twice, two people

at a table were having trouble staying awake and keeping their heads up. There

was a conscious decision that your group had had enough to drink for the

night, that the one round would be served and that was it. This was further

reinforced with the aggressive and blatantly confrontational way which you

approached Bruce the MOD.  By ALL accounts (including a customer who has

no vested interest or reason to lie) the way you approached the situation

was the final deciding factor in refusing further service to you and your

friends.   In regards to your concern over the timing of last call, 1:45

is our standard and the standard across the city.  Individuals ability to

be flexible with that is generally exercised on slower week nights when

there are fewer people in the bar and done to allow people that have been

in the bar to have another drink while the bartender and staff start

doing there cleaning. You would be hard pressed to find any place that will

serve right up to 2, especially on a Saturday to a large group that spent

most of their evening elsewhere.

 

I am sorry if you disagree with the way my staff or I have handled this

situation, but I do stand by their decision to stop service to your entire

group based on the level of intoxication demonstrated by some of your

friends.  They did what they felt was necessary for the whole group and

could not be expected in these circumstances to individually determine

each person's sobriety level."


This is in response to a letter to the owner stating that, after having my issue with their neglect of service, that I asked the manager for the owner's information, which was refused to me. I had to write down the owner's name from the business license on the wall.

Although the food and drink is good, the occasional great server and bartender were greatly overshadowed by bad, lazy servers and bartenders, who apparently say they "flagged" a group of people because two were drunk.

Devil's Den is incapable of serving alcohol, however will serve as a upper scale restaurant. Although I was never thrilled with the customer service before, I didn't think I would have to contact the owner, and then have the owner stand blindly behind his lazy Saturday night staff.
The reason we chose Devils Den is because I was looking for late night food and searched, well of course, late- night- food...anyways, for under 34.00 dollars we both had a sandwich (very large and yummy), 1 w/ friends, 1/ salad, a soda and gls of viognier....so i think thats a deal.....our bartender was excellent. I enjoyed the music and the overall bar crowd- very low key and relaxed. Ill definitely be back.
This place is really a great place to go if you want to just chill and relax. The bartenders and servers are friendly and mak you feel like you belong the first time you sit down.

The beer selection is very high, but they don't carry some common local beers like Yueingling, they do have a strong selection of hard to find favorites.

The food here is very good and I think it just accents all the great things this bar has to offer.
Devil's Den features an elite collection of draft and bottle beer and serves very good food. This is one of my favorite places to grab some great food and beer.

I have been here a number of times and every time I do, it get harder and harder to leave. Simply put, this is the sort of restaurant that I would love to open some day. Devil's Den just speaks my language in so many ways.

First is the beer. I often find myself doing a double take when I see some of the beer they serve here. Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast Stout, Stone 11-11-11, Russian River Damnation, Schnieder Aventinus Eisbock, are some of the best beers in the world and I have had them all here. The beer menu is one of the best of all of the hundreds of beer bars I have visited in the country. As if having a library of beers wasn't enough, they are half price during happy hour. Its so easy to go here and spend $20 and have an excellent start to your night!

The food is usually very good. Some of the really satisfying dishes are the bacon wrapped dates, chorizo quesadilla, grilled asparagus, and braised pork flatbread. One of the best dishes I had here was the open-faced crab ravioli. It was perfect! However, I find the use of dressings, especially anything with balsamic, needs a little restraint as it tends to overpower a dish with its ubiquity. The chickpea fries are a bit boring and unsatisfying. I have had some oysters here that were past their prime and had too much sand and shell.

Service at the tables is usually very good in terms of promptness and friendliness. Sometimes, the bartenders are too busy talking to their friends about some things that are best not talked about at work. In fact, its kind of ridiculous. Also, at happy hour, it can be a bit tight and competitive and frustrating. Then again, its understandable when excellent beer is half off.

Overall, I love going to Devil's Den. They balance quality, quantity and price that comes together for a very satisfying and enjoyable experience!
I went here with a couple of my friends for the first eagles game. It's a cute pub right off of broad in a quiet part of south Philly, and has a cute outside area! There is a bar inside, and food seating area as well, with TVs for everyone to see. The staff was incredibly sweet, and was cracking jokes with us all night! Their drink selection was pretty good, and not too expensive for Philly prices. I had the buffalo falafel bites and Brussels sprouts with Thai sauce. IT WAS AMAZING!!!! The buffalo bites were out of this world, for a vegetarian, I was in heaven! The Brussels sprouts were even better, super crispy, and the sauce is amazing! My friend ordered the muscles, and I had some, and they were to die for! The prices of the food is my bad at all, and I would totally recommend coming here with friends and getting some drinks and food!
3.5 Stars. The Devil's Den is a warm and inviting bar/restaurant, which includes a wood fireplace burning near the front entrance. I didn't eat here, but I certainly salivated over their draft beer list for a little while. I felt like I was in stout heaven...

Sam Adam's Cherry Chocolate Bock
Blue Point Cherry Imperial Stout
Arcadia Cocoa Loco

I realize they rotate their taps fairly regularly (including the next day), so I was very happy I could assist them in reducing their inventory during Happy Hour. By the time I left, the place was packed, so I wouldn't mind coming back to try out the dinner menu next time.
I've been going back and back to Devil's Den over and over again.  I keep finding new reasons to love it. I've gone back at all times of day at this point, and I really can't say enough about how I love it.  The service is always good, the happy hour prices are so very right. And the sunday brunch mimosas & bloody mary's ($3 each) are well made and are the right price.  I think that mostly I love the fireplace that they light up during the winter.  There is nothing like the smell of burning wood and embers that I truly love. 

There are too many things I truly enjoy about Devil's Den. I suggest you trek here. Winter, or Summer, it's a great hole to hang out in and enjoy good drinks / beer.
The average rating for Devil's Den should be higher! I think this place merits 4-4.5 stars.

Atmosphere: Love it. Fireplace for wintertime coziness, tables to sit outside with your dog and people watch in the summer. The space is large, and even during busy times, there always seems to be an open table, so I've never waited for a table (yesss!) Unpretentious vibe. Good service.

Beer: One of the best beer lists in the city, in my opinion. I mean, it's more of a tome than a list when you include their enormous bottle selection. The descriptions of each beer are clear and inviting. Half price happy hour too.. cannot complain.

Food: vegan and vegetarian options still need some work. I also miss the gigantic pickle plate they used to have maybe 1.5-2 years ago that was like 9 bucks and more than enough for 2 people. They have a pickle plate special now, but it's really small and doesn't have as many different types of veggies as the original, if I remember correctly. 

If there were a few more vegan options, this place would be 5 stars..
I live a block away, and frequent the place.  My chief complaint is as a regular you would hope someone learns your name, but not here.  They really don't care to get to know regulars.  The food is really good (and about as much as you would want to pay for what you receive), but there is a great beer list that changes drafts weekly and a really solid pork roll breakfast sandwich.
Wow, man has South Philly changed, even progressed since I resided in Packer Park, back in 1991 and prior....The Devil's Den, simply based on the name and logo alone had me sold. But as always, proof is in the pudding. I finally had the rare op. to get over to S. Philly and frequent this place after several months of trying to find time to do so. So, last weekend I found myself in the Devil's Den admist a diverse crowd consistign of twenty-somethign year olds to sixty something year olds, and evryone inbetween. It was a late night diner for me and an old local rock n' roll drummer pal of mine. 

      Their menu was solid, particuarly if you like Belgian fare. I tried the muscles diablo, and it was damn good-hell raising in fact, to the taste buds.The food is a bit pricey, as my uptight buddy made known tot he overally patient and sweet waitress. He was hung up on the size of the crab cakes, which he eventualy decided to order. They were on the smaller size, but as the waitress informed him, "it's not always size that matters". I nearly spit my delicious Duvul ale out of my nose when I heard her say that!!! As did my friend! Yes, big plates, small portions here, but the food was very good, but not the greatest value for your money. The real reason to be here is for their lare beer selections, global offerings at that!!!   

    We each had three ales apiece....I stuck with the Belgians: Palm, Duvel, Chimay...all were delicious....but hell, you can order the same ales at Monks or Eulogy in center city. What seperates those places apart from the Devil's Den, is the unpretentous staff and clientel. CC ale house crowds tend to be a bit upper crust,profss..that is fine, but sometimes you just want to let your hair down, and be relxed while becoming intoxicated on fine imported ales. Their beer menu exceeds 100 world class ales. The prices mirror monks, et al. The interior of the place is alluring, with a fuctional large center room fireplace, polished red brick walls, and clean, but tight, wooden tables. A sprinkling of flat screen TVs around the place, with some Devil rtelated paraphanellia tops off the places unique charm. I most definently want a return visit. If i nthe area of 11 th and elsworth streets, do make a bee line for this place. Enjoy. 

PS. When Monks, et al have a one to two hour waiting list, the Devil's Den, can  usualy seat you promptly, at least that was my experience on a Saturday evening at 9:30 PM
How have I never reviewed this place? The happy hour is amazing- great selection and amazing deal. The food is good, even better on happy hour! The dinner food is decent- my falafel sandy was pretty dang dry recently, but the fish sandy was delicious and the honey jalepeno wings were fantastic. Brunch was fine - nothing too special-  and again, the highlight are the drinks. How can you beat $3 mimosas?
Once, I saw two dudes fighting in front of this bar, in the middle of the fight in which a girl friend of one of the dudes got a punch in on the other guy, one fighter says, " dude, if you don't hit me I'll buy you a beer" 

The other guy pauses, thinks for a second, and says, "OK" and they walk in... amazing.

That being said, Devil's Den is a pretty chill spot, sort of classier than your average dive, with a decent selection of beers, and pretty good bar food. 

I'd recommend the Cuban sandwich with sweet potato fries and cole slaw, yumm.  If you're feelin' munchy, the fries with some sort of aoli is very addicting.

It's a good place to grab a solid dinner and also stay for the drinks.
This place is awesome!  Went there last night.  It was a Thursday, and it was a blast.  The beer selection is INSANE.  The food was good (and VERY filling).  The bar was crowded, in a good way, with a great crowd that ranged in age.  The bartenders are amazing.  Cute and fun and very fast and attentive.  I cannot wait to go back.  I can't pronounce half the beers on the menu, but I'm gonna try.  Just had an all around great time.  I was there with about 10 people, and it was really good for a big group.
I have mixed feelings about Devil's Den. One look at their food & beer menus and you sincerely want it to be everything you dream it to be and more. 

I've been here primarily within the following contexts.

My introduction to DD was over a series of brunches over the last two plus years. The first time I had brunch here was the best. I hate to say it but each subsequent brunch was less rewarding than the last. Like a drug addict seeking the euphoria of their first high, I went back hoping to recapture that first brunch experience and was denied each time. This is not to say, it's a bad meal  - simply that in my experiences, the quality has declined.

I've done the after work thing here several times over the last year or so too. The draft list is awesome, there's no contesting that. Spaten Lager seems to be a permanent member, and that's good to see. Their bottle selection is impressive. The weeknights I've spent here they were pretty busy. It can get crazy crowded. I'm talking 'good luck saving your seat/line for the bathroom' crowded. These after work affairs usually involve meeting friends, drinking six or seven beers and ordering mussels. Despite the crowd, it's not a bad time.   

In March of 2010, I had the pleasure of making this one of my first stops during the first Craft Beer Express. Early day action on a Saturday with a good crew. We ate and had a few beers before proceeding on our adventure. It was a fun crowd that day and easily my best experience at Devil's Den to date. 

The aesthetics of the place are great. Dark wooden furniture. Fireplace. I find myself appreciating the paintings in the dining room. Heck, even the location is cool....

...yet Devil's Den falls a bit short for me. The service is so-so and there are plenty of other places that just gain my favor over DD. For all it's sleekness and vast diversity of quality beer - there's a lack of comfort or camaraderie here that I readily find in similar establishments. (Fireplace notwithstanding)

But hey, just as you can't always knock it out of the park at every at bat you can't expect the sanctity of that "home away from home" feeling at every bar. It has served me well as a brunch destination, a meeting place, a spot to grab a bite and catch a buzz after work or just a place to have a beer or two before heading someplace else. 

If this comes across as a negative review, it's only because I so want to be able to give it four or five stars - but in good conscious cannot. 

I will undoubtedly be there again at some point in the relatively near future and look forward to posting an update when I do.
This place is wonderful for the Happy Hour drink specials... 1/2 off all drafts, you can't really beat that in Philly.  They always have a ton of really good microbrews on tap, and a large selection of them.  Happy hour is a well known event, it is usually packed by 6 pm, so make sure to get there early if you want to get a seat.  

The food is ok, but the service can be a bit spotty.  The first time I went the burger I had was great!  Juicy and delicious.  The next couple times I went to get food, there was always an issue with my order or my bill.  One time I didn't get the right dish, I don't normally send anything back but this was completely wrong and I didn't want what I got... the server apologized and told me he would take my beer off the bill.  So then I had to wait about 20 minutes for my food while the rest of my party ate.  When we got the bill, he didn't remove the beer from the bill!  When I told him about it, he got kind of an attitude and said he DID take it off, but I only had one beer and it was still on there.  Eventually he relented... but that was a little annoying.

Next time I went there was another problem with my order.  We ordered two burgers cooked medium and they were completely raw inside.  This time I didn't return it, I just ate most of it and scraped out the inside.  Most people around me were just drinking or eating appetizers, so not sure why they felt the need to not cook our burgers completely through.  I don't mind waiting to get what I ordered!

Anyhoo, next time I'll probably just get beer and eat somewhere else.  There are plenty of other places to eat that have better food and service.
Based on beer, they get 5 stars. Based on food, 2 stars. Not that the food is bad, it is not. It is quite delicious. Its the lack of options. Most of the food is fancy, which, is what the owners want to portray, which is great. But, if you are feeling picky, it seems like the options force you in a certain direction, like it or not. 

Haven't been there since the change in chef and the revamp of the menu. That changed last night. 5-7 is Happy Hour, which is 1/2 off drafts. THAT is a great deal. Nothing like drinking superb beers for half the price. Ordered mild wings. The meat literally picks clean from the bone. The sauce is not over powering and sloppy. Flyers game is on, place is busy. Not overly packed like it was Game 5 of the World Series two years ago. 

Ordered Aventinus Mussels. Amazingly delicious. I could swim in the broth. Fiance ordered braised pork sandwich. She said it was delicious. Beer was great. Atmosphere was perfect. A definite pro-Flyers crowd that was not obnoxious. 

I will go back, as the beer is alluring. I am hoping they can add a few more options to the menu to make it more rounded.
Went here last night for happy hour. The happy hour is amazing!!! Wonderful beer selection  and the bartender knew his stuff.  Service was great and I totally dug the atmosphere.

They had a nice fire roaring, massive attack playing and it was just so damn cozy!!!

I do believe I will be a frequent visitor here.
The food here is pretty average for both brunch and dinner in terms of options and quality; everything is standard, almost boring. But, on the upside, this is a great beer bar! There are always tons of fantastic craft beers on draft, and the bartenders are friendly so I prefer sitting at the bar. 

It's pretty good atmosphere for a large party; I've come with 6-8 people with no problems for brunch. Plus: they have Lavazza Coffee, a favorite alternative to La Colombe.
Not LGTB Friendly. We had just finished a fantastic Saturday date night dinner down in Passyunk Square and thought we would stop to watch some college football. We are both very feminine and very rarely do people believe we are even together. Regardless we have been together for 4 years and we are never affectionate or inappropriate in a public setting. We ordered and when the bartender returned without our drinks we questioned him. My girlfriend and I were told we were "unservable"...  We laughed... but once we realized he was serious we asked to speak to the manager.  We were then asked by management to leave. I have never been treated so disrespectful in this very accepting city. This establishment deserves the right to deny anyone service for any reason but unfortunately I do not feel that my sexual orientation is one of them.
This particular part of South Philly is starting to come around.  El Jarocho is on the next block, and there is destination Vietnamese food all over the place.  I have to say, I was expecting something a little more divey.  This place was packed inside and out for Happy Hour on a good weather Friday night.  

The 5-7:00 deal is well worth the walk.  A great list of food specials and half price beer.  As noted on most other reviews, the beer list doesn't disappoint.  I found it a little odd that hot wings were not on the happy hour menu, and I was even more surprised when I saw the $11 price tag on them.  I hesitated, but ordered them anyway, along with the chickpea fries, spicy hummus, and oysters.  All of the food was excellent.  The "hot" wings had just the right amount of heat, the chickpea fries were an odd surprise (definitely recommend these), the hummus was delicious, and the oysters had great flavor, but were a little small.

I'm docking a star for the bartender who refused to pull me a beer and add it to our table tab.  I told him I'd pay him cash, because I understand the tip scenario, and he still wouldn't do it.  I've never been told, "no I won't get you a beer" twice...at a bar...by a bartender.  Really?  On top of that, they short pour beers here a lot, as in all the time.
I have found my holy land. 
This is the Graceland of hip, American gastropubs. 
Hidden deep off the beaten path of south Philly, blocks away from the Italian market, devil's den is in a sea of Asian restaurants. They have a fantastic happy hour, great daily specials and one of the best brunches in the city. 
And yes, they do Saturday brunch. 
Nothing cures your Friday night, post work drinking woes like a Saturday brunch. The scrapple sandwich is piled high with huge chunks of scrapple and the largest egg piece that hasn't come out of a dinosaur. 
All brunch meals are accompanied by the best home fries I've ever had. 
Fantastic staff and service add to this as well.
THE BARTENDER ALYSSA IS AMAZING!

She gave my friend and I an experience that we will never forget but also she was so friendly and patient. She knew what she was talking about and maintained a clean bar which for me as a bar manager I noticed and appreciated! 

She guided us through a few beers and suggested some great ones that we appreciated! 

It's very nice inside and I can't wait to come back!!!!
I really wish this place was better. They have a great beer selection and it's the closest bar to my house. I've been there twice. Bottom line is that the food is not that good. The first time I went the food was marginal and greasy but the fries were incredibly soggy and undercooked in an obviously not hot enough oil. I gave them a pass, because they had just opened. I went back to give them another try. The fries were the same. But what was worse, the waitress dropped the ramiken of mayo dipping sauce for my fries in my bowl of mussels and quickly fished it out with her hands. Right in front of me. She replaced the dipping sauce, but my mussels had mayonnaise floating around in them. I was pretty repulsed.  She didn't even offer to replace them. Also the salads are overdressed in a big way. I would go here again just for drinks, but the food and service could use some improvement.
My fave food bar spot in S Philly. Oysters always good! I always order the fries with duck gravy and beer cheese sauce along with whatever else is on the menu. I come here weekly if not more.
I wish there was a zero star option. I've only been here twice but it was a terrible experience both times. The servers and the customers are all huge douchebags. So many rude negative people. Not the kind of place where I want kick back and relax. Maybe it's called devils den because this is where devilish douches hang out. Get an attitude adjustment you assholes. We wanted to take a shit on the bar to make sure everyone knows what a shit shop this place is, but it's not worth our time or the effort.
I've dined here in the past and thought it was better than good but not quite great.  I suppose I probably mostly feel this way after ordering a burger, not realizing it was made of Bison, and then feeling sick after the third bite.  But I'll take a good portion of the blame for that. 

I hear that the chef changed recently but I'm never sure if that's true of it people just start that rumor to try and drum up repeat business.  Anyway, I suppose it's about time we give it another whirl.

What is undeniably nice if the atmosphere and decor.  I think "cozy pub" would be a fitting description. I also love that I can make reservations through opentable.com (it's an addiction).  

The last time we were there was particularly frigid and the fireplace was really fantastic--it smelled great and kept the place good and toasty. We've stopped by for beers and to catch a Phillie's game with friends at the bar as well as had sit down table service and both times enjoyed ourselves. (Except for that Bison mishap, which is 50% my fault and 50% the Bison's). 

Overall the food was pretty good. Our veg friend has the mac + cheese which was more than a little overpriced for the portion size but I suppose that's to be expected these days. Overall, a good time. The beer flights were great! The french fries are fab. I recommend it!  We'll be back soon!
I sincerely enjoy Devil's Den. We've been going for some time, though I think it is only recently that we realized that it's really a walkable location from our house. Also, GROWLER FILLS! and cheap ones! and delicious foods! like, gorgonzola stuffed figs. I'm not sure what it is about this year, but I literally cannot get enough figs, and DD is doing a great job with theirs. 

I had the Buffalo Chicken sandwich which featured a delightfully- no fried!- but grilled! breast of chicken atop a brioche bun with a chunky blue cheese dressing and tangy buffalo sauce. The roll was a bit doughy, but that's my own problem, lots of people love brioche, just not me, but overall the sandwich was a winner. They offer their sandwiches with fries or salad, and the small salad was also quite choice. 

Our waiter was a bit meh, but it was late night on a Monday so maybe he was just really tired? 

Overall this place is a win, it's laid back, it's not too loud, the food is good the growler fills are reasonably priced, and we can walk there. Love.
I'm with a few other writers who were somewhat ambivalent initially and then started coming to Devils Den more often.  I've always ended up having a pretty darned good meal here.  The IPA cheese fries are nice.  The buffalo chicken fingers were delicious with a huge portion.  The burgers are good.  My girlfriend really enjoys the vegetarian options including the seitan sloppy joe.

But the main draw...  Great beer selections focusing not just on some great craft beers but also some good Germans and Belgians.  And the price is right.  Not TOO expensive regularly this is one of the best happy hours in the city.  HALF off drafts from 5-7.  That's right, not one of these ONE dollar off places.  You can get some fantastic craft and import beer for like 2 to 3 bucks at happy hour.  They were also having $3 Kenzingers and Yards Philly Pale Ales and $4 23oz. Spatens during Phillies games.  Pretty great.  Fun place to watch the games too.

Some people mentioned the lack of character... Maybe a bit true?  Maybe.  But it also helps me have a hipster-free evening occasionally.  We all need one of those once in awhile, right?

I must mention I've always had good, friendly service as well.  I'll give it a solid 4 to 4.5 stars.
I like this place and I don't even like beer.  They used to have fruit infused vodka which was AWESOME, but even still, it's a cool place with a good jukebox, good service and unpretentious attitude. It is very "new Brooklyn" to me and that is a good thing. I have not eaten here, but the food looks yummy.
This place gets an extra star for having Schneider Aventinus on tap all the time!  The beer selection here is great and drafts are half-price during happy hour!  I like their flight selection.  You can choose from German, Belgian, or micro.  Nifty!  

They offer friendly service and I have experienced better service at the bar than at a table.  I have only eaten here once, but was not impressed.  I ordered a chicken sandwich that came on a baguette that was really over-toasted.  The sandwich itself was pretty bland.  I will say that I explained to the server that I had a dairy allergy, so I imagine that too many elements of the sandwich were missing because of that and that is why it had no flavor, but I feel as though I should have been warned.  (The sandwich was just chicken and lettuce.)  I would have asked if there was a way I could spruce it up a bit, but I already felt as though I had really stressed out our server by bringing up the allergy and I did not get the impression that they were used to dealing with that.  I will say that the other three people I was with thoroughly enjoyed their food, so perhaps this place is just not food allergy friendly.  Also, the fries and mayo dipping sauce are delicious!  I will definitely go back for the beer and I will probably give the food another shot.  Oh...and did I mention that they have Schneider Aventinus on tap ALL THE TIME...!?
My friends and I went here for a birthday on Friday night and got some of the worst bar service we've ever had. The female bartender literally cursed out my friend because he had the audacity to wave to try to get her attention. We then watched her drink on the job and complain loudly to the rest of the customers about him. Unbelievable. Needless to say, we won't be coming back. Ever.
I'm at devils den for the eagles game great beer selection nice bartender tom, however they need to fire there cook who doesn't know the difference between a medium burger n 1 well done. My buddy got the crab benidict that had burnt toast and cold hash. I used to love this place but as the prices rise the service declines 1 star for the beer
This place has a large beer selection from all over the world and a pretty good $3 Bloody Mary on their weekend brunch menu. I didn't eat since I had had a large cheesesteak a couple hours before but my friends had the parfait and the sweet potato duck hash, both of which they found delicious.  We sat outside and although it took a little while to get our drinks right in the beginning, after that our server was attentive and pleasant. I enjoyed my visit!
I have come to Devil's Den multiple times now and I really enjoy the ambience of the restaurant. I always come during brunch days, and love their brunch menu. There are so many different options to choose from (I have had their burger which was delicious) as well as their breakfast bowl (which was really fantastic and super filling). Friends of mine have tried their scrambles, biscuits and gravy, as well as their duck confit fries and mac and cheese and had great things to say. The only thing that was not impressive were the size of the brunch drinks, but I guess for $3, it wasn't that big of a deal.
A long list of craft beers, so much to choose from, so much to try. If you're unsure try one of the flights of beers. Outdoor seating for the cooler days but not for a party of more than 4. We had 6 people comfortably seated inside with one side booth and chairs on the other side. I'll say pass on the cheese fries, doesn't taste much like cheeses. Chickpeas fries are the best. The bar is low key and chilled for the craft beer lovers!  Happy hour is great 1/2 off draft beers.
I'm not qualified to write reviews on this place.  i've only been here like five times.  the first two times I turned around and left within 30 seconds of walking in (achingly busy).  Even after a quieter Thursday happy hour and a flight special I was undecided.  Then I saw Port Brewing's Hop 15 on tap last night, right next to Cantillon Geuze.  Yes the beer list is often world class, this bar is driven by a passion for beer.  That is 4/5 of what I look for when I venture out of my house.
As an aspiring but middling beer snob, there's no better place to go try out the best craft brews and imports america has to offer. Happy hour is incredible- half off drafts that would run you $5-9 otherwise; anybody who lives close by knows it's the best happy hour in the city. It certainly helps that its sandwiches and fries are reasonably priced and top notch. 

The Den is equipped to be awesome during both the winter and the warmer seasons, with its centrally located and well-maintained fireplace, and its huge doors that let in the spring/summer breeze. 

When people say Philly is a beer capital, it's because of places like Devil's Den.
Food is definitely getting better since they've changed chefs. Perfect? No. Good?  Yes.

There is one server there, I think her name is Mindy, who seems to hate her life so much when she's working to the point that it affects the service. I think she should get another job or something because her lack of enthusiasm is a real buzzkill.
