Location and atmosphere are huge contributors to the success of a restaurant and this place has both in spades!  Add some seriously decent pub grub and you have a joint that has some staying power.

The atmosphere incorporates two floors. I would call it classy lite.  If you are having dinner you'll be on the first floor and the bar is on the second.  Both floors are deep and narrow and when it's busy it can get a little tricky to move around.  The trees growing through to the second floor are a wonderful accent as is the second floor window wall that opens in good weather.  On a nice summer evening the bar would be a great place to bring out-of-town guests.  One negative note; the bar stools that are also used at the upstairs high-top tables are very uncomfortable.  If you are there for any length of time they will literally be a pain in the butt!

The upscale pub grub menu is not particularly big but all of it will be decent.  My fellow Yelpers are correct in that this will be 3 or 3  1/2 star food.  There is one exception.  The hand-cut fries are INSANELY GOOD!  A large portion served in a metal bucket for $4 is a hell of a deal and they are completely addictive.  It should be a crime to visit here and not order them.

Adult libations are priced fairly.  There is a decent craft section and a solid list of specialty drinks.  Expect plenty of Happy Hour deals.  I'd happily return here any time for a solid 3 star or better experience.
Recently, a friend and I planned a brunch for another friend who was about to get married. Our requirements were pretty straightforward: an at-least-halfway-cute space for a group of about 20, a menu that could accommodate vegetarians as well as Atkins followers, and booze, preferably available in a variety of tasty cocktails. 

We called approximately 1.7 billion restaurants serving brunch in Center City, and got a lot of "Sure, but we'll have to...seat you in 4 different rooms/charge everyone a minimum/do it on this other random date/etc." I understand why restaurants place such restrictions, but we got none of that from Devil's Alley - they were super accommodating, friendly and easy to deal with. 

We hosted the brunch in the back of their upstairs area, which is nice and open and has a fire pit, and we had our own server who made sure everything ran relatively smoothly. The Bloody Marys and French toast flowed, and everyone was happy.
Haven't been to Devil's Alley in years (try 5 or 6 of them) but stopped in for lunch on a not-so-busy Friday (It was 11:50 AM - so the rush had not yet hit) and had a great, basic cobb salad (I subbed Salmon for pulled Chicken) and it was terrific. 

The Honey Mustard and Blue Cheese dressings (I sampled both!) are very good and the lettuce was fresh and crunchy.

Service from the hostess (Alyssa/Alicia??) was outstanding, too.  She is young but been in restaurants for 7 years.  So kind.

We'll be back - and in less than 6 years, too.

Devil's Alley is still a good choice - even after all this time.
Keep it up!
Mac & Cheese: Quite yummy. Reminded me a lot of my grandmas homemade mac & cheese :) Loved the texture... Only thing I didn't really understand was the tomato jam on top. If you're one of those people who like ketchup on their mac & cheese, then this would be awesome. However I haven't had ketchup on my mac & cheese since I was a little girl; didn't care to much for the tomato jam on top, so I just scooped it off...

Pulled Pork Sandwich: The fries it came with were like McDonalds fries. ICK. The cole-slaw tasted just as gross as it looked. It seemed really old... The sandwich, however, was yummy. Typical pulled pork sandwich. Only disappointing thing about the sandwich... the leftovers were really bad :(

Our waiter was really nice and attentive. Kinda cute too :P haha.
Devil's Alley is a great "all-purpose" bar/pub/restaurant.  Its got something for everyone, which is why I usually recommend this bar for out-of-towners.  They have a great drink menu, from unique cocktails, to sangria, to craft beers on tap.  The food also never lets you down.  There are many choices of bar munchies, finger foods, or full meals.  The quesadillas are great, the guacamole is pretty good!  The ribs are fantastic, nice sweet BBQ sauce on the ribs.  The mac-n-cheese is really cheezy!! I love that.  The pulled pork sandwich is probably one of the best I've had in a long time... its juicy, sweet, and stacked with pulled pork.  The side of coleslaw is great when you pour it on top the pork!  The nachos are great, loaded with cheese whiz.  

The service is always good, very happy waitresses and bartenders, they are accommodating with large groups also.  I love the upstairs bar the best, there is more room and I love sitting at the table tops near the wide open windows when the weather is nice out.  

Go here, they also have Happy Hour specials.  All around great bar with a great, fun, open atmosphere.  I recommend this place all the time to people who don't know where to go in Philly.
I have only had good experiences here. I think they do a great brunch (killer mimosas) and good dinner.  Though they have a lot of sandwiches on the menu, I think their actually meals are much better.  I like the turkey platter with the whipped sweet potatoes (super yummy) and the stuffing muffins (yummy).  

Like most places, service can be hit or miss, but I've had more good service than iffy service.  

I recently planned a birthday party for another Yelper.  I needed a reservation for 13 which Devil's Alley graciously accommodated, even though they don't typically take reservations.  Considering it was a City Sips night, this was awfully nice of them.
If you enjoy fried food, arterial plaque, and inhibited blood flow, Devil's Alley's your spot for lunch. 

Everything just seems so unnecessarily unhealthy. For instance, they put bacon on a buffalo chicken sandwich. Seriously? It's already fried meat, smothered with cheese, a cheese sauce, and another sauce that is half butter. And then they put bacon on top. What sort of sick man decided to add bacon to that? 

Yeah, of course I got it. And I liked it.
Devil's Alley was the scene of our Yelp Happy Hour #3 and it was fun times all around. Great drink menu that offers LOTS of local microbrews (yeah!) and my new favorite cocktail, the Raspberry Mojito. Yummers. I also highly recommend ordering the BBQ sliders to feast on while you sip. Great service and cool ambience add to the all-around positive experience. My only word of caution would be to pay close attention going down the steps from the upstairs bar / dining room: it seems like it would be way too easy to fall down and bust your head open after a few too many drinks (you stay safe, kids!).
A much more tolerable and laid back Center City bar/restaurant.  While I haven't felt inclined to have a full meal here, I've really enjoyed sharing their appetizers during several happy hours and the beer selection is pretty solid.  If you want a relaxed bar atmosphere where you can generally hear your friends, this is a great choice.  I don't think I've been here late night though, so I can't speak to the volume after hours.  Overall best bar in that area.

On a personal note, grabbing a beer upstairs on the deck is the ideal way to pass time when you're in between sets at First Unitarian.  I'm also partial to places that serve fried green tomatoes.   Yum.
Went there the other night with a friend to grab a burger. I only really knew about the place from word of mouth and being more of a fun bar type place. However, on that note, the food was great. The burgers were excellent and nice sized portion. As an appetizer we got the GRILLED peanut butter and jelly sandwich and it was fantastic. DA has a great microbrew selection as well.

Our server was excellent and very attentive. If you go def. check out the bathrooms (trust me you know why when you see them).
A very cool spot, though I was surprised that the inside seemed more restaurant than bar (without having gone upstairs to the actual bar area). 

Came by for some pulled pork after the E.E. at Cichetteria 19 and was fairly pleased. The manwich came as a generous helping of saucy and tender pig on a soft and buttery roll (I go no cheese and no coleslaw), with a hefty serving of fresh cut and salty fries. I generally like my pulled pork to be dunked and mixed with the BBQ sauce before it is served, and this was prepared just like that, with a light spiciness that was very nice. No real crisp to the pork, but I don't always need that, and a little more sauce thickness, spice, and smokiness could have kicked the meal up a notch, but, as is, it was still a very good offering (at $8.95) that I would definitely order again. I also got down on a Hop Devil and a Hopsecutioner off the highly appealing beer list (all suds are about $4-$6, except for a couple 20oz+ plus bottles), but will probably go for a six dollar, four beer flight next time I am in. 

Overall, what with the efficient service and good eats, I was quite happy with my experience here, and will very likely be back in the near future for some lunch time devilry and a tasty good buzz. 

P.S.- I also enjoyed descending the steps into "hell" to use the bathroom; A neat setup with plenty to stimulate you visually.
I have been here a couple of times and do enjoy my time there. However, for some reason, I always forget that it exists once I leave. I'm a huge fan of the local sampler. You pick 4 local beers and get about 4 oz of each for just $6! I have a goal of being a beer snob, and this is a great way to try a lot of beers for cheap without worrying about hating your choice. Their happy hour specails aren't too shabby either. I'm going to have to work harder at remembering this place in the future!
I had not been back in over 2 years - so 2 ladies from my office and I had lunch here.  Good but not great.  It also took a long time (15 -20 minutes) for the lunch to come out (nobody ordered apps nor drinks and we were on a strich time frame).

My fried-green-tomato blt was great!  But the side of green beans with tomatoes was nearly inedible.  I chose green beans as a healthy alternative to fries, but they came swimming in oil and loaded with a salty spice blend.  NOT what I was expected.  Next time I'll order them steamed or plain.

Also they gave each of us a $2.50 up charge for subbing a different side for fries.  Not the end of the world, but it would have been nice to know that before we ordered - and not as an added "bonus" when the bill came.

Meanwhile, I'll be back but I won't rush back.
Years ago I loved it here - but over the years it seems less thrilling.
You know, I really like Devil's Alley. They've got a pretty good menu with plenty of options for all sorts of eaters. I think they make a pretty kick ass burger, possibly my favorite in the city, and the brisket sliders are melt-in-your-mouth delicious. They usually have a decent selection of local brews and some interesting cocktails, too.

To tell you the truth, I can't think of one thing to complain about other than the occasional slow-paced server. But mostly, my experiences have been of the "Yes, please!" variety.

The best spots to sit are the outside tables or the tables by the front windows upstairs. It is THE prime location for counting how many cars cannot parallel park on Chestnut street. One night, after lots of drinks, all of the outside tables were united as one due to the hilarious running commentary on people's lack of parking skills. I thought that made for a fun, get-to-know-your-table-neighbors kind of evening. And I don't know 'bout you, but I like those kinds of wacky moments.
After drinking most of my coffee, I found a used butter foil wrapper at the bottom.

This was just the highlight of a miserable brunch.

After twenty minutes of being ignored, we flagged down our hostess and asked if there was an oversight.

Four minutes later, a woman slams two glasses of water down and turns right back around looking quite annoyed.

A few minutes after that, our server shows up and just says "you ready?"

Against my better judgement we order, and when I was almost done with my coffee I picked up the butter wrapper.

Considering they don't use butter packets in the kitchen, there are two likely options for how this happened.

1) This coffee cup went all the way through the wash with this butter wrapper stuck to it
2) This coffee cup was never washed.

I'm actually not sure which is worse.

I flagged down the hostess and got a new cup of coffee, that I was too nauseous to drink.

They not only didn't comp our meal, they even charged for the coffee.
Our waitress was Laura.

She seemed friendly enough at first but purposely did not to do what is standard at any restaurant with a decent front staff:

1) She did not mention jalapeños on a burger were a dollar extra (especially since it doesn't specify this on the menu like it does for cheese, bacon, etc.)

2) She did not tell us when beers were back to full price (happy hour times in this area widely vary and besides, I have always been told when happy hour time is up at a bar/restaurant)

I could easily have looked past everything, but when I politely asked about these issues, Laura completely avoided eye contact and took on an evasive, distant attitude, making it clear she really was trying to squeeze us out of an extra four bucks. The hostess beside us could plainly see what was happening and tried to act as mediator, but it couldn't mask the unethical behavior of the waitress.

Maybe it is actually her supervisors that encourage this behavior and Laura isn't really such a sleazy waitress all on her own. But Laura, is it really worth squeezing people out of a few bucks for a place you happen to work at when it's going to cost you part of or all of your tip?

The food:

Their brisket sliders and ribs were completely mediocre. For the price, not worth it. And I admit that the burger was decent (not above average or great) if I block out the terrible waitress who brought it to me.
Super yay!  Love the turkey burgers here.  They are NOT dry and so tasty.  I pass on the big bucket o' fries in favor of their YUM-CITY mac 'n cheese.  I order mine sans the tomato "jam" garnish.

They also have kickin' sides like greenbeans (crisp and studded with tomotoes) and sweet potatoes.  (Grilled with butter and cinnamon suger - like dessertm baby!).

It can get crowded and crazy - which is why it is not 5 stars -but the price is right and this spot ROCKS."
Had some brunch at this hip little spot on Chestnut this morning. Wanted to try something new and this was my first time patronizing this establishment despite having walked by it about a million times.

Ended up being a great choice. We were able to snag the table we wanted at the opening of the patio doors and our waitress was very friendly and prompt with getting our drink orders. I went with unsweetened iced tea, which I was happy to find they serve. For brunch, I went with the Eggs Benedict Trio, which consists of three eggs benedict (imagine that), one with spinach, one with salmon and one with ham. Now I do this every once in a while (order eggs benedict) only to remember that I hate poached eggs because they're so runny. Well, these were delicious. The ham and salmon were great -- the spinach I only had a couple bits of the spinach partially because I was full but mostly because I was totally over the yolk-iness and wasn't feeling the sauteed spinach.

If you dig eggs benedict, I definitely recommend this. If not, like me, get something else. My brunch companion got the Alley Omelet which looked good and was very large! We also got an order of the corn muffins; it came with 4 mini-sized corn muffins that were quite tasty. We opted out of the boozy brunch, but there are a smattering of brunch-themed cocktails one can order.

I was most impressed when we received our check and it was much less than I'd expected. This was probably due in part to nixing the alcoholic beverages, but it was a great meal for a great price. Would definitely recommend.
My friend and I went to have dinner on Memorial Day., The place was empty but everyone was at the shore.. Good wings..Good ribs. Both meat feel off the bone.. The mac and cheeze was the best I ever had and the Mash sweet pot was great ..Just don't get anything but beer. Bartenders dont' really know how to make sweet and cool drinks...Servce was good and I will be going back soon..
Came here after having a few for Center City Sips from somewhere else.  We got lucky to get a sidewalk seating because it was nice outside.  Also, great view of all the drunk people in Drinker's (always looks so much fun from the outside but not much sometimes when you go inside).

Anyways, I went with pulled pork sandwich.  As for getting a bbq-type sandwich for being above the Mason-Dixon line, this was pretty good.  A little greasy and also could have used a little bit more smoke flavor.  Good fries.  Overall, most of us were pretty satisfied with our meals.  All the guys went with big meat sandwiches with beer and were happy.  Some of the girls complained about their salads, but I don't care about that.  

Small beer selection but they do have the 20 oz Arrogant Bastard.  The place looked nice inside but I was only inside for a minute just to get a table outside.
I'm rescinding my 4 star rating after a less than mediocre recent brunch. Despite being one of the only tables in the restaurant, the service and the food was ridiculously slow. 

The cook neglected to put most of the fillings in my omelette that I ordered standard off the menu. My brunch companion was pretty much finished eating by the time I was able to flag down the server to correct the order. The food was pretty greasy and sorry looking both times, and then the check took another 30 minutes to arrive. I definitely won't be back.
As suggested by my central philly tour guide, "Bad Bee" Dee, we stopped by this place for lunch before our 39 mile walk. First thing i noticed when i came in here was that it smelled a bit like hipster - definitely a good way to ease you in to central philly culture. 

I was a little too focused and entertained catching up with an old friend to get much else out of this place. I ordered the guacamole burger which was heavy on the guac. Luckily they supplied me with utensils and i could've scraped some of it off (but i didn't). I originally asked for it well done but the waitress told me that it would basically be crispy. So i kicked it down medium-well and what i got is what 'I' would normally consider well done, so, it was perfect.

Before leaving, i went to the bathroom down stairs to wash my hands and i'm glad i did. As i walked down the steps i almost felt as if I was in one of those "Saw" movies. Devil's alley finally made sense... there was some interesting wall art down there. 

Good casual place that isn't very noisy during lunch hours. Apparently burgers are the way to go here.
After two years of cajoling friends to come here and plenty of fond memories, I, very unfortunately, have to say that my love affair with Devil's Alley has come to an untimely end.

Yesterday, I didn't have a chance to grab some food before heading to a get-together in Philly. Through the visit, I couldn't stop thinking of Devil's Alley. It had been awhile since my last stop, and I was so craving the fried chicken sandwich.

At 11:30 p.m. (a time I don't usually stop into the restaurant, but HAVE before), I walked in, kindly asked if they were still serving food, and received a menu, complete with a side of angry-face server, in return.

I ordered a drink, as I generally always do, but it turned out to just not taste good at all. I had never had a bad sangria before, but ta-da, the bartender somehow screwed it up.

But worse? The service, from start to finish. 

Ever since my second visit, I have ordered the grilled chicken sandwich... with fried chicken instead. Devil's Alley has always been a "splurge" place for me, and I much prefer the fried over the grilled.

Server's response to my apparently insane order: "Fried chicken?" "Yes, fried instead of grilled." "Fried chicken?" he asks again. At this point, my boyfriend pipes in to ask if that would be an issue at the hour. The server says no.

Twenty minutes later, my chicken sandwich came out. Fried or grilled, you ask? You would *think* fried considering the long discussion over something that has never, ever, ever been a discussion topic for me before! But, no. Of course not. It was grilled. And chewy.

I then asked for a box (to throw out nasty, unwanted meal) and the check.

Server's surprised response: "A box and the check?" "Yes, a box and the check." "A box... and the check?" "....Yes, I'm trying to catch the 12:30 PATCO."

....What in the heck.

For the first time in my life, I actually wrote a note to the server on the receipt, to tell him that I was a nice person and thus not docking his tip, but that his "apathy was unfortunate."

At this point, I'm just sad. I have no intentions to return to Devil's Alley any time in the near future. If I'm going to be putting out money for a meal, I'd prefer a server with a teensy bit less attitude. Maybe even an ounce of friendliness, too! I've worked in the hospitality industry before and I know dealing with some customers can be brutal, yes. However, never once did I *ever* treat a customer so poorly -- no matter what time of the night or the state of my personal mood!

Oh, and one more thing, in case you, Mr. Server, happen to be reading this: When someone says "thank you," the polite thing to do is reply, "you're welcome" -- not just walk away, acting as if they are the biggest inconvenience of your life.

I'd be bringing my rating down to one star if not for all the good times I was able to have at this establishment before this incident.
I went here for the first time yesterday with friends for CC sips and boy it was HOT! I'm hoping their AC broke and it's not always that hot- there were a few fans placed around the bar area upstairs, but they weren't very helpful and people where hoarded around them. My friend Anne and I both has the $5 peach sangria which was yummy but watered down from what were used to with sangria. I would advise trying the $3 beer special - it was a bit sweet but good. The vibe was cool but the bartenders were not super friendly.. but 97 degree heat will do that to you. 

I would go back here and be open to trying the bar out again but probably not during sips... or when it's hot out if there's no AC.

See sangria photo below!
Moments of Truth. Jan Carlzon of SAS had it right when he said every interaction with a customer (passenger, client, diner) is a "moment of truth." Everyone who works somewhere can make or break a customers relationship with the company (store, restaurant). Employees are super super important... but I digress... sort of.

During a recent lunch at Devil's Alley, they brought someone the wrong thing - and the right thing would take a long time to cook. The server immediately apologized and said she thought he had said something else. Less than 2 minutes later a manager was there offering solutions including preparing the meal that was ordered and of course not charging for it. He politely declined. The rest of us ate (I had a really fantastic turkey burger). After a while, the manager came to the table with the original order (obviously they had cooked it anyway). Since the rest of us were nearly finished, she also brought a box so he could opt to take it to go. Super resolution. The server and the manager were both great. 

I've frequently thought that when someone makes a mistake (assuming the customer tells that person) It's better than perfect service. They have a chance to solve a problem. It's more memorable... and I think it inspires more loyalty. Jan Carlzon would have been proud.

I like the quality of the food. Great menu selection. Nice open-air upstairs. And wow... the service.
I really like the interior - we sat upstairs in the balcony. The devil's burger was amazing - a huge burger with giant onion rings and all of the fries in the middle of the onion ring..hard to describe without a pic. Beer list was decent and the sangria was really good.
The local beer sampler is an awesome deal for only 6 bucks SHEESH.  For dinner I had the fried green tomato grilled ham and cheese which was something I would eat every day if I could justify it to myself.   I love sitting outside and drinking beer, so it's really hard for a place to lose points if they let me do that.  Lost one star for only 4 chicken strips in the chicken tenders meal.  Come onnnnnn PILE EM UP .  So basically I am coming back, because the food was awesome, the staff was nice, and the beer selection was quite decent ( with room to grow)
Well, not really much to say here to be honest. A group of friends and I were at the Kimmell Center earlier in the evening for an event. An event that provided us with plenty of free booze and some finger foods (the best being a caviar topped smoked salmon). Yeah, be jealous of my charmed life where doors are opened for me and my stylish Vans slip ons, I get free hooch ,and some food to boot. But, I'm getting off topic. 

After the event, we were still feeling a bit hungry. Being that I parked on Chestnut, I asked our center city dwelling friend where we should go to eat. At first, it was suggested that we hit Whiskey Village but our plans were dashed by a 1hr wait. So, being that Devils Alley was a block away that's where we ended up. 

We kept things simple. I ordered the pork sliders, friends ordered some burgers and a couple pitchers of beer ($9 lager special that night). My sliders were great. Very tender pieces of pork tossed in a spicy BBQ sauce. No complaints. My friends all devoured their respective burgers so I'll assume they were good as well. Waitress was attentive, but that may have been because we were one of about 4 tables there that night so what else did she have to do? Would definitely come back if I'm in the area again and at a loss for a place to grub.
This place is on my list of standbys - easy, tasty and you can always get a table but it's never empty. It always seems to come up during those "Uhhh, I don't know, what do YOU want to eat?" conversations.

The beer menu is small but interesting enough, and they do a sampler, which is always cool. 

Vegetarians have a number of choices, including a giant homemade veggie burger, grilled cheese with apples and salads/pizzas. Most importantly, they have the best fried green tomatoes I've had this side of the Mason-Dixon line! The crispy waffley fries are worth your time, too. All in all, a chill place to drink some beer and eat something fried.
Honestly, I don't even remember what I ordered at this place.  But, I do remember the person that I was with ordered a well-done burger and it came to the table dripping blood.  When they sent it back to the kitchen to cook a little longer, it came back pink.  Well done = no blood, no pink.

Service was slow - I hate slow service.  

I wasn't completely turned off by the place - seems to draw a pretty fun crowd.  I'm sure I'll give it another try.
Devil's Alley. Yup. I've been here so many times because I'm always in the area. How have I not written a review? I'm not sure. Alcohol was probably involved. That, and I can't say I ever really want the food here.

But wait! The food is actually -kind- of tasty. But, this is in the same way that any other American joint is kind of tasty. That is to say, it's not $10 hamburger tasty. Definitely not $1.50 for each topping tasty. Or $5 onion ring tasty. They don't even come encrusted in crack, but they are sold at crack prices. Case in point, my side of rings came out to about a dollar per onion ring. Come on. For $5, I could just get another beer. Or crack. Much better idea.

These are complaints coming from someone who spends at least 30 bucks a night on drinks. On himself. Six days a week. So on one hand, I have a problem with alcohol. On the other hand, this amount of revelry has me informed as to exactly what I can get for how much in many other places right around Rittenhouse.

Service is alright, the decor is not disagreeable. It's actually pretty likable in that regard. The bathrooms are in a kitschy day-of-the-dead inspired dungeon-like setting. With really cool faucets. And interesting wall graffiti. All of this is an aside to my greater point that I just feel like Devil's Alley looks a lot more fun than it is.

This place would normally be A-OK, but it's just so expensive for what you get. Meh.
Never had a sit-down dinner here, but I remember the bar food being good from a happy hour I went to a year or so ago.  Went last night and threw back a pretty delish sangria like nobody's business.  The server told me what was in it but after the second or third alcohol he mentioned, I lost track.  There was definitely burgundy wine in there somewhere and at least one type of brandy.  

The upstairs bar area is super cute but tiny~ so get there early after work if you want a table near the kick-ass windows that overlook Chestnut.
First off- love the location! We came here on a Saturday for Brunch. Easy location to get to from the Patco and no trouble getting a table upstairs. 
Walk inside and it's such a great space. Slight hipster feel with history mixed in, from the exposed brick and wood paneling to 50's style fans. And there's even a tree inside!

The service was friendly and chill, but when you wobble my mimosa and it splashes on the table, maybe think to bring over extra napkins.

I decided to go for the Alley Omelette (bacon, cheddar, scallions with potatoes on the side). Could have had more bacon and cheese. It was more of a scallion omelette with the other ingredients as a side note. Needed a touch of salt, but the potatoes rocked.

He went with the biscuits and sausage gravy. Un-be-liev-able. That biscuit probably best I've ever had? I'm sure it was. The sausage gravy was seasoned perfectly. Incredible dish.

And of course, I got a pancake on the side. Plate licking worthy. The edge had a nice crispness to it, with a fluffy soft center and maple butter spread all over it. 

The strawberry mimosa was tasty as well. Overall, I'm excited to come back and try everything else!
Before it became Devil's Alley, this space was home to a local branch of Jews for Jesus.  I can't help but think they had that in mind when they named it.  But despite the space's dubious past, the restaurant that is there now is a versatile, convenient and consistently good eatery.  At one time or another I've eaten every meal of the day there (including that enigmatic late-night 'fourth meal').  

Some standouts for me include the bagel and lox (always enough salmon to generously cover both halves of the bagel), the turkey burger, the trio of sliders and the grilled chicken sandwich.  I love their french fries, mostly for the way in which they evoke memories of those eaten in high school from McDonald's.  

They have a pretty terrific beer selection and the atmosphere is rarely overly meat market-y.
The only reason Devil's Alley doesn't get 0 stars is because for a while I was enjoying my veggie burger. 

Came here with a friend for lunch, our waiter was pretty nice and at first she was enjoying her calamari salad, and I my veggie burger.  Then, *gulp*, she discovered a mid-sized roach crawling around on her plate.  It was covered in grease so it clearly had been hanging out a while with the bits of fried calamari. 

She freaked out and tried not to hurl; I did the same.  We alerted the waiter and all my friend had to say was "there's a..." and the waiter finished the sentence "bug on your plate?" with a knowing head nod.  Then, he followed up with "how big is it?"  Wha?!?!  Is this some ridiculous, twilight zone version of guesstures?!  She looked at him in horror, I shook my head, and he cleared both of our plates.  And then comped our meal. 

Yuck.
I like this place! I would love to experience what they're known for. I had a house margarita which i wouldn't recommend. I added a shot of Jose Cuervo which made it much better! I also had the pork sliders and they were just okay. I am not ready to give up on this place just yet! Until next time....
Mayhem.

...in a good way.

Happy Hour: Tons of local business squads as well as university grad students monopolizing the bar tables upstairs and getting hella rowdy.  

Why: $4 cocktails.  

That's why.

Nuff said
I love this restaurant and have never had a problem eating here until last weekend. My hubby and I ordered the steak and eggs and were shocked to see what came out on our plates. Look at the steak and eggs we ordered last Spring in comparison to what we recently ordered. It looks like they took one serving of steak and split it in two.

Now I know that the price of food has increased and restaurants try to do their best with pricing. However, I would not mind paying more for a decent serving of steak instead of paying the same for less.

The steak and eggs is supposed to be served with lump crab. It is practically non-existent in the photo below. I had a little on my plate. If it is a hardship to serve the lump crab, simply exclude it from the dish altogether. It does not make the dish.

I am giving this review one star based solely on the serving size. Maintain a decent serving size and charge a little more. Customers would respect you more for doing so. I will not stop eating here but I will never order the steak and eggs again.
Worst. Rib. Ever. 

Over-seasoned and over-cooked, these ribs are an insult. Even the texture of the meat was a disappointment. 

At least the waiter was nice.
- place is lit. Great happy hour vibes and an even more selection of brunch and dinner options. 

Came here for a bro date and odder the manliest things we saw. The Surf And Turf Burger was plump and super juicy. Cooked perfectly medium well. The Chorizo burger with the running egg is a MUST. One of the better chorizo dishes in philly by far. Lastly, the Spicy Dry Rub Rack of Ribs were . Taste wise and deliciousness wise. Had a lot of flavor and kick, but the meat was very tender. 

Love coming back here and highly recommend it for anyone in the area.
devil's alley is the perfect epitome of a 3.5 star rating.

on the one hand, it's a great place to stop in for happy hours, especially in warmer months when the front patio doors are open. the environment is affable and overflowing with social buzz. the decor is a little bit on the ghoulish and bizarre side, but that works in the theme's favor.

on the other hand, the food is just ok. sure, it'll satisfy my hunger. but will it satisfy my cravings? nope! i like to come here for brunch periodically when i'm feeling like having moderately priced breakfast in rittenhouse. i go for the eggs, toast, pancakes, etc. the whole shabang. but as for their actual "brunch" type items, it's just not quite on par with some of its neighbors.

but even though their food doesn't dazzle me, i find myself coming back time and again to eat, drink, and be merry. well, mostly just the last two.
After drinking several "Vitamin Water Cocktails" my friends and I were starving and I had a particular craving for anything dipped in ketchup. At 8 p.m., Devils Alley was happy to accommodate a party , "which could range from 5 to 10 people" and we pretty much had our own private section. The Cobb Salad was decent, the fries were OK, and I was just drinking diet coke at this point. $1.50 for cheese on a burger made my friend scoff, and the portions were OK for normal standards, but not "American" hungry drunk food standards. The basement bathrooms must be what define this place as Devils Alley, and somewhere I would be pretty afraid to be alone at night. Although the bathroom graffiti reading "No Roger, No Re-Run, No Rent" pretty much made my night
I know 1 star sounds a bit harsh, but i'll explain my reasoning:

I quite enjoy devil's alley. i've been there many times and go there for brunch every couple months. however, i was appalled by how rude the hostess and manager were today. 

after asking for a table for two, the hostess leads us upstairs. she literally, i mean literally (is there any other meaning?) tosses the menus on the table like a frisbee and walks away and huffs.we weren't sure what we were supposed to do because there was only one seat there?!?!  we waited for  a minute thinking she was going to find another chair. Nope. she went back downstairs. 

after that, i asked to see the manager. i explained the situation to him, and he excused the fact that they had just served a group of 17 which is why that happened.

i understand large groups can be daunting for the staff, but i really found his excusing of the hostess unacceptable. if they didn't have the seating, we would have gladly waited. i just found it to be pretty unprofessional and decided to walk out.

on a good day, i would give devil's alley 4 stars for food and atmosphere, but the hostess and manager were a total ass clown today.
Good for Friday happy hour (and other days I'm sure).  Can't go wrong with $2 yuengs, $3 wine and local drafts, and bbq pork sliders for under $5.  Good laid-back crowd, a little older... wasn't too emtpy, wasn't too crowded.  Great for conversations.  Cozy.  I think I might have to come back for happy hour another week.
Went here with a large group that they accommodated on the top floor of the place. The grilled cheese with bacon and apples was heavenly and the sangria was pretty decent as well. The service was a little awkward, but we did have a group of 15 or so people. No complaints from the staff about us annoying people asking to split up the checks, either, which was a plus.

Would have to go back here and try their breakfast stuff for a better review, but everyone in our group seemed very content with their meals, and so was I. 

I really enjoyed the "devily" (so not a word, I know, shush) atmosphere of the place too, but being on the top floor with the sun shining in on a Saturday morning was painfully competing with the dark hellish imagery!   Amusing :)

Would generally recommend this place.
My friend and I had a really bad experience in the restaurant and we will never come back. We saw mice running under our chairs, and we told the waitress. The waitress was nice, and she apologized to us. However, the boss just told the waitress it was probably caused by the construction. He didn't come over and apologize to us and still charged us for the food. We gave tips to the waitress, but obviously the restaurant didn't care their customers.
came here with a group of 9 on a friday night and was able to get a table upstairs without too much of a wait. both the upstairs and downstairs have bars and the upstairs space also has outdoor seating. 

we had just missed happy hour (goes from 5-7pm), but were excited to see that the daily bar special for the day (have them mon-fri) was $5 absolut's. the majority of the table started dinner strong with vodka sodas. 

the menu is a variety of fun bar food. burgers, chicken sandwiches, walnut crusted chicken fingers, smoked wings, nacho's, etc. a lot of people ended up ordering some type of burger, i got the buffalo chicken sandwich with spicy fries. the buffalo sandwich was pretty good. it was topped with bacon and melted cheddar. i opted out for bleu cheese dressing and got a side of the spicy ranch instead, it was so yummy! you can upgrade your fries from regular to "spicy" for $0.50. a few ppl did this, but it seemed like the kitchen forgot to toss on the spicy old bay seasoning mix. 

our server seemed to be waiting on the entire upstairs space, which was full. so she was really busy and seemed to forget about us at towards the end of dinner. she kept drinks coming, but then left us waiting for quite sometime to get a check, boxes etc. overall a good spot to stop in and start the night with happy hour and some bites while enjoying the TV's and tunes.
Devil's Alley is awesome on the ambience and a solid 3/3.5 on the food as other reviews have stated. It's a lot larger on the inside than it appears to be outside. Although we made a reservation, it wasn't crowded at all and walk-ins were being seated right away. But, although it wasn't crowded, it took a while for our appetizers and entrees to arrive. Our waitress was friendly and mildly attentive. As for the food: You could order the fries alone; they're awesome! The grilled wings in their spicy rub were good but didn't come out hot. Had they not been lukewarm by the time they got to the table, they'd have been really delicious. The guacamole burger was juicy, seasoned well, and perfectly cooked to the medium well I requested. My friend enjoyed the calamari and also raved about the fries. The spiked strawberry lemonade was on point if you like sweet drinks with a kick like I do. They had an awesome special going, three beers and three courses for $35. If you can grab a parking spot in Center City or walking by, Devil's is worth a try.
My friend and I decided to lunch at Devils Alley yesterday. I had never eaten there before but I'm on a new quest to try out every restaurant in the city so I agreed.  When we arrived at one, there was a line even though we could clearly see open tables in the downstairs seating area. I wasn't in too much of a rush, so I figured they had their reasons and spenta few minutes eavesdropping on the conversations at the outdoor tables. Ordinarily I would have chosen to sit outside, but the sun was beating down and I was already sweating enough so we opted for indoor seating when asked. The waitressdidn't walk us to our seat, which was odd, she just told us it was up the stairs at the end of the row of two seater tables. We found it fine and quickly ordered drinks before checking out the menu. By the time our drinks arrived we were ready to order food and I swear to god the food (two meals and an appetizer) came out BARELY FIVE MINUTES LATER! All fears of being late back to work flew out of my mind. During those five minutes I had managed to suck down about half of my drink... the raspberry mojito, which was the best I've tasted in a LONG time and I think may even give Cantina mojitos a run for their money!! The food was good and the staff, while a little unusual, was attentive and pleasant. I will definitely go back to this place considering I am already craving another one of those mojitos!!
This is one of those places in Philly I've walked by hundreds of times but never thought to try...well turns out I've been missing out! After discovering Devil's Alley about a month ago, I've been three times already...yepp I have no shame. The first time, we got the mahi mahi tacos and surf n turf burger! Both were delicious and I especially liked how the chipotle sauce and lime juice complemented each other perfectly on the tacos...so yummy! 

The other couple of times I've stopped by were for some late night drinks and apps and I've come to realize this place is perfect for that as well. The draft list is up to par and there are plenty of cocktails that look great too if that's more your style. The mac and cheese is amaaazing - get it! Also had the fried cauliflower special which really hit the spot. Throw in sitting outside for some prime people watching and this place has won me over!
Like the fool that I am, I paid nine dollars for parking to go and see The Dark Knight at the IMAX without thinking that it might be sold out despite the fact that it was a late monday afternoon.   Well, it was sold out and so my girlfriend and I needed something to do for  couple of hours to justify paying for parking.  We walked into the city and went to Devil's Alley.

  We went immediately upstairs to sit at the bar.  The atmosphere in the place is great.  The tall plants from downstairs peek over the perimeter balcony of the upstairs and reach for the numerous skylights that give the place a nice airy feel despite it's night club look.  The curved wooden wall helps with the feel.  It reminds me of some of the nicer bars in the gas lamp district in San Diego.  

  The drink specials were great.  I was drinking $2 16 oz. Lager drafts  and my girl was putting back $3 Chardonnay.  There was a few others good specials as well, and although I didn't eat, any passing food looked great.  The bartender was really nice but wasn't up in our faces.  

  It is definitely a place that I am going to go to again, if not to try the delicious looking food that passed by me, then to see if the night time is as good as the happy hour.
The food was good. The menu had a lot of tasty options i was between. The inside close to the windows was nothing comfortable or cozy or clean. I wouldnt call it "outdoor seating" either. We came here partially based on having that option because we rode our bikes, but we arrived to 3 tables, 2 of which were occupied, leaving the middle open but so tight we didnt feel comfortable sitting there. Further back in looked cool as far as decor. We could hear a bar upstairs but didnt go see it. The server was nice. Not wonderful, we asked for a lot, but he was patient with us. Or at least me, while i changed my mind a few times and asked 55 questions. But we also did have to ask for water, utensils, etc. I think it was that weird inbetween time of lunch & dinner when it slows down and so does the staff and kitchen.
My best friend was visiting from my hometown NYC and I wanted to show her why Ive come to love Philly so much. But when looking for a place to eat after we went shopping, my mind went blank with places to go. So we randomly chose this place. Great decision on our part! 

First: We just barely made Happy Hour with 25 mins to spare..I got 2 rum and cokes for $8. She got 2 Pomergrante Sangrias for the same price. 

Second: The atmosphere is pretty cool. With trees growing up through the middle of the restaurant to the top floor and nice low lighting with candles..Very comfy.

Third: After looking over the menu we decided the Devils Burger sounded just yummy..and boy was it! Its a 1/2 pounder that comes topped with huge onion rings and fries (no need to order a side order of fries, you get plenty on the burger) and a side plate of cheese. Burger Heaven! (Or Sin hence the name?)

Will definitely be back.
I don't even know where to start with this place... I'n my opinion this is by far the best bar in the area. Or at least the best that I've found so far. And I go out a lot! They have outdoor seating in front of the entrance. Like most places in the city, they only have a few tables for outdoor dining. However, another perk is that they also have huge bay windows in the front that give you the feeling of being outside. As if that's not enough, they have an upstairs that also has huge bay windows that open up. So not only do you feel like you're outside, but you have amazing views of Chestnut St. The decor is very nice. Casual but trendy/ upscale in it's own way. Part of the upstairs overlooks the bottom floor and in that open space, they have two huge trees that almost reach the ceiling. Right above those trees are perfectly placed skylights that look amazing and compliment the rustic light fixtures quite well. It felt really enjoyed having the extra light come in and give me a glimpse of clouds passing by as I sat at my table. 
As for the food and drinks, they were top notch! The prices are reasonable and so are the protions. This place definitely proves that you don't have to spend a million dollars to have a fancy/ great quality meal in the city. The presentation of their meals and drinks were also superb. They seem to be known for their buffalo chicken sandwich, which looked amazing and is at the top of my to try list. I also like the not so common combos that they offer. Like mac & cheese with jam, potato and crab hash, etc. Some other great things are they have a lot of happy hour specials and they also offer beer, sangria, MOJITOS, and other drinks in a pitcher. So in short, I have absolutely no complaints what so ever about this place. This is my new, go to bar.
**Note to drunk people: Though it was July 4th, I couldn't help but to notice that the chairs kept jumping into the paths of people walking by. So drunk people, be wary of their chairs!**
And lastly, other than the Kamikaze chairs, the crowd seemed to be very mature and even when highly intoxicated, they kept their composure and were not loud, obnoxious, or making a scene. It's sad that I should have to say that, but when reviewing a bar, it's good to know what kind of crowd goes there...
The food wasn't memorable because I can't really remember what I had and it was just a week ago. I just remember that I didn't like it too much. Maybe I'll try the sandwiches and burgers next time instead of the dinner menu.
Went here with a few people for the first time last night.  I really wish I would have heard about this place earlier.  The food was awesome.  Very much unhealthy in all aspects but the buffalo chicken sandwich alone was worth any future hear surgeries I might need.  Atmosphere is really mellow on the ground floor, I really dig the trees.  Everyone enjoyed their food, which came quick and without flaw.  Good service, good atmosphere, great food.
3.5 stars for me. 

My boyfriend was right about one major thing about this place...best Buffalo chicken sandwich ever. Seriously. It's cripsy, it's gooey but holds together on the bread. Basically, it's everything I want in a Buffalo chicken sammy and may be more. 

The fries were great, my grilled cheese did not have enough cheese on it  which is sort of devestating to a cheese lover BUT I still liked it.

The one thing that brings this place down for me are the drink prices. My drinks were more expensive then my main dish. I wasn't a fan of that BUT i would definitely go back. It was a fun atmosphere and definitely a good place for drinks and sammies on a friday or saturday night with friends!
Tim, the bartender upstairs, is amazing! He has been so accommodating, made us laugh, and is so attentive to our experience here. We love visiting places on this side of Broad St as usual, but want the greater world to know that Tim is the BEST bartender this side of Broad. This bar is worth the visit. All staff is amazing. Can't wait to come back!!!
I've been to DA for breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner and have been totally pleased every time.  Good food & service.  I'd go there anytime.
I met up with a date here for happy hour before going to a nearby show.  The drinks were pretty reasonably priced for Center City happy hour And the upstairs bar had a classy but yet still a friendly neighborhoody atmosphere and vibe. It's definitely a spot I'd like to come back to with my friends and spend some more time.
When I say I am a fan of buffalo Chicken sandwiches that is probably the understatement of the year.  So this is what I ordered when i went to the devils alley and I was not dissapointed.  Just spicey, and drippy, and messy enough to satisfy even my tastebuds.  I also got a few sides as I was with a friend that eats like a horse.  The sweet potatoes were decent the macaroni and cheese was good but not what I was expecting with the tomato relish/jam concoction that comes on top of it.

The atmosphere is pretty chill and our server was very helpful with our questions and could not have been nicer.

I am going there for there brunch which is pretty killer if I am to believe the reviews on here.  Which of course I usually do.
They had an unofficial yelp happy hour here in January (yes it took me 7 months to review it) the day that Heath Ledger died.  

The upstairs is definitely a chill spot.  The servers are really patient and the drinks prices are reasonable.
I've only been here once for brunch and unfortunately it wasn't a good experience. The place was busy so we were seated close really close to the entrance. It took about 45 minutes for us to get our food and when it came, they gave my boyfriend the wrong dish. They took it back and made the right dish. The food was OK at best. I didn't like the black greasy onion thing, I wasn't sure if it was hash but EW it tasted gross and oily and I felt like my stomach had been violated. It definitely wasn't worth the wait. 

I was really disappointed. I had passed it a bunch of times and always wanted to try it out. I would like to go back on a day they weren't too busy.
Long time yelp reader, first time yelper. I have been coming to Devil's Alley off and on for several years. I live around the corner and it's always been a great place to come and grab brunch on the weekend, and dinner/ drinks at night. It's definitely hard to stand out downtown with so many options available to eat.
 
One menu item that is world class in my opinion is the Chicken Cobb Salad. Never has there been a better Cobb salad than the one at Devils Alley. There is attention to detail that come unmatched. All of the ingredients are fresh, always. We're talking about diced tomatoes, avocados and more. Most salads you order skimp on portion, this one does not. It can feed a large human like myself which is harder than it seems. 

All of the food at Devils Alley is delicious. This place deserves a great Yelp review and I gladly give them a 5 star rating.
It makes me sad to give Devil's Alley one star, because it's a neat spot with really tasty bar food, but the service left much to be desired.  We stopped in for a drink and late snack about 15 minutes before the kitchen closed (but hours before the bar closed).  Now, my boyfriend and I both work in the hospitality industry and fully understand the frustration of last minute guests, but that frustration should never be so apparent to the customer.

When we walked in, we asked the hostess if they were still serving food.  She said the kitchen closed in 15 minutes, but she still had to check with the chef.  This was already bizarre...If your kitchen is open until 11, you have to serve food until 11.  When she came back, she said we could still order, but we had to be quick.  She was very polite about it, and we told her we understood.  Our server barely said two words to us the whole time we were there.  Instead of asking us if we were ready to order, she simply stood next to our table and looked at us expectantly.  When she brought our check out, she didn't even stop walking (or look at us!) when she reached our table...she literally dropped the check on the table as she strode by.

The experience was extremely uncomfortable.
As a somewhat regular, I am always happy to spend my money for great food, service and a nice selection of beer.  I highly recommend the grilled sweet potates along with the bbq combo.  Also key are the acoustics as it rarely gets too loud in the dining room.
Some of the best mashed potatoes in the city! This may not be a major menu item but definitely worth the addition to anything you order. 

I recently visited for their brunch and was a little overwhelmed! The blueberry French toast was way too sweet, I love a sweet brunch item but this one was hard to finish. 

Service is always great but this can be caused by the seemingly low amount of tables they've had on my prior visits. Great spot to stop into if your in Center City and need a bite but don't have reservations elsewhere...they always seem to have room or a wait that's less than 15 minutes!
A friend and I were out riding bikes and needed to stop in some place because it started raining really hard.  Devil's Alley happened to be across the street.  The interior is nice but nothing special, I guess I was expecting more interesting satanic art and other such related crap on the wall.

I heard some good things about the food here, but we were sorely disappointed.  I had a soft-shell crab sandwich and my pal a buffalo chicken sandwich.  The crabwich was unremarkable, a pretty small crab on a huge bun, I went open-faced halfway through.  What really disappointed us was that chicken sandwich.  I took a few bites from it.  The buffalo sauce was strange and sweet, and strange.  The actual chicken pieces were shaped in long rectangles and breaded with that same breading you get with school-cafeteria style chicken nuggets, that's no good.  So we asked for barbecue sauce to mask the weird buffalo sauce, and THAT sauce was even worse.  When was barbecue sauce supposed to taste like fruit?!

The atmosphere and list of drafts on tap (8) aren't enough to warrant a trip back for me.  Just added it to my ever-growing list of crappy Center City spots.  On the bright side, I saw a baby while I was there, so babies are allowed.
I had the beet salad and it wasn't so great. The portion was tiny, the beets were hard to chew, and there was barely any goat cheese. The idea is good, but for $14 bucks, I would go elsewhere.
It's tough to evaluate Devil's Alley without considering all the other great places to eat in the Rittenhouse area. I've been there a bunch of times and never felt like there was anything worth going out of my way for. Devil's Alley has pretty standard bar food marked up to Center City prices. Also, fries don't come with the food, you have to order a bucket separately. Furthermore, the happy hour isn't all that happy, not a lot of specials. This wouldn't be a big deal if the food or drink was worth it, but there's not really anything exciting on the menu. I will say, for one thing, that they are quite adept at accommodating large groups and can set up large tables on short notice. I'd still call ahead, but it won't be a big deal. 

However, if you're looking for beer and some cut-above bar food, I'd take a walk a few blocks east to Good Dog.
came here for brunch and waited 30 minutes for orange juice and 40 minutes for a subpar omelette....
Stopped in here for a group lunch, and loved what I got. The service was definitely slow, but we came at lunch hour... but they definitely never checked up on us, and left my appetizer plate even after they brought me my entree. It was weird.

I got the fried green tomatoes! I hear they only get the tomatoes in once a week, so they run out at some point. Mine were mostly on the yellow side (a little sweeter and tender, versus crisper and sour). IT was a little bit of a bummer, but I just love fried green tomatoes so much I was still thrilled! :)

I also had the beet, goat cheese, arugula, and candied walnut salad. The weird thing about this salad is that all the things that go on top... were on the bottom. I had to eat through the arugula to discover SO MANY BEETS on the plae under the salad! Too may beets, really. This salad was delicious and mostly refreshing, but I think it would have been better as arugula, goat cheese, a little bit of fresh beets, and not-candied walnuts.

Everyone else got burgers, and they looked ridiculous, not to mention ridiculously yummy. So many came with this onion ring/fry combo that was a tower of exploding grenade firework onion fries! One guy got his burger plate to go, and it came in 3 boxes. Quite the meal! The fries were well-seasoned and hearty:)

Loved it, loved the atmosphere with open natural light and indoor trees, and can't wait to go back and try more!

Also, apparently some beer just came on tap and when they do that they're 3 dollars or something. My fiance got a victory headwater pale ale pint and it was less than getting a bud light pint! Half the table was excited, the other half deflated. Womp womp!
For what it is, much better than you'd expect (much better than I expected, at least).  There are some interesting things on the menu, like a fried green tomato BLT, grilled cheese with apple and bacon (delish), walnut breaded chicken fingers with a really yummy chili sauce.  Also great burgers and an even better pulled pork sandwich.  Oh and the brunch options are pretty solid as well.
Where do I begin..... First off, the service was EXCELLENT! Pleasant servers and a pleasant atmosphere. I ordered the half pound burger and it was cooked to perfection. The grilled chicken wings were tasty served with what I like to call "AWESOME SAUCE". Even America's favorite drink (lemonade) taste like it was homemade. The upstairs even Jai's a nice view of the city. Definitely one of my top choices for a nice meal and atmosphere. I love this place and would definitely recommend to others if they appreciate good food.
I've dined here 3 times- once for Restaurant Week (a solid 3, as there was nothing spectacular and the menu was inconsistent in theme), once for a beer/food pairing (a 5, as everything was spot on and the beer pairings actually made perfect sense with each course), and once (last night) for regular dinner and drinks on a Saturday night (a 4, as everything tasted great but with some minor service issues).  I also drank here 2 times without eating.  So I'm giving this an average rating of 4 stars.  Plus, you can't go wrong with outdoor seating and open-air dining upstairs during the warmer months.

I'll go with my most recent experience here.  The place was packed but we managed to snag a table right away downstairs for 4.  Took a little time for a server to come around and took even more time to get our drinks from the bar (there's only 1 and it's upstairs, which can get kinda weird when servers need to walk up and down steps to get them for us).  That's probably the only downside I experienced last night- service was just okay.  The waitress seemed disinterested and introduced the specials so quietly I could barely hear her.  Requests for some oil and lemon as salad dressing went unnoticed and when she disappeared for quite some time, we had to flag down a busser or other server to accommodate us.  The food runner mistakenly identified a beef burger we ordered as veggie, so there was a little confusion there.

The food, however, was really good.  The fried green tomato appetizer was so good and covered in a delicious marinara/mozzarella sauce that I could have mistaken it for mozzarella sticks.  We're all kicking ourselves for not ordering the gigantic, heaping platter of nachos- they looked so good.  My cousin ordered the beef brisket sandwich and said it was good, nothing great.  She really enjoyed the cucumber salad on the side in place of fries- come to think of it, there's a ton of great BBQ sides here like that- corn muffins, baked beans, etc.  My mom and aunt ordered plain burgers with different toppings and the cucumber salads as sides in place of fries, as well.  Both enjoyed their burgers.  I got the surf and turf burger (cooked to a perfect medium, which never happens) which came with an amazing, delicious heap of jumbo lump crabmeat on top and covered in an imperial sauce which my server couldn't really explain.  Really, it just tasted like a super tasty tartar sauce with hints of crab in it.  The old bay fries served with it were perfect- crunchy and salty and just right.

My rum punch was super tasty and strong, but my cousin's Bloody Mary was way too watery.  It had a great amount of spice, but was not thick enough.

For 4 people with 1 appetizer, 4 entrees and 3 drinks, it came to only $85 total, which is awesome.

Overall, the bar food and ambiance of the place is too good to just give it a 3.  Stick to the regular menu instead of during Restaurant Week and you'll be good.
This is the type of place where you're better off coming on an off-peak night. The food is really good, and best enjoyed without the bar crowd. 

I started off with a cup of mussel and crab chowder, which was meaty, delicious and had powerful rosemary seasoning.

Next up, the calamari salad. A great mix of crispy fried calamari, jalapenos and chipotle ranch dressing. Do yourself a favor, get the dressing on the side, otherwise it's a little overwhelming. This is better than Continental's version (suck it Starr).

Finally, the pulled pork sandwich. Tangy, pulled pork covered in melted cheese on a tasty challah-like roll (Challah and pork? Sacrilicious!). The fries were a little overdone, but the accompanying little cup of cole slaw had an interesting citrus flavor, possibly mandarin orange, that was nice. And I don't even like cole slaw.

I washed things down with a PBC smoked porter that matched perfectly with the salad and burger. It was somehow not salty like most smoked beers, so give it a try if you have the opportunity.
I saw all of the hype on Yelp and the food did live up to the hype. We had the spicy rub wings, guacamole burger, bbq wings, pulled pork sliders and sweet potato fries. The food was amazing and our waitress was really attentive. Literally we cleaned every single plate, even the fries were hot and sooo good! 

However my biggest problem was the hostess told us that "all of the tables were reserved and they were expecting a lot of people soon" She couldn't seat us at any of the open tables (that didn't have a reserved sign on it). I then went to open table reserved a table for 4 at 6pm (which happened to be 15 minutes later). A different hostess then removed a "reservation sign" to seat us because we had an open table review. 

In 2016 the last thing I expect is for someone to tell me there are no seats available when there are tons of seats. My money is as green as the next person's.
The staff was so friendly and helpful and their chorizo burger was so yummy; it was a little salty but I subbed the bacon out for avocado, free of charge, and I'm glad I did. It's yolk-y so pretty messy but def worth it. The blackberry lemonade was good too! Just a bit strong. My friend got beer battered onion rings which were surprisingly good (I'm not a fan of onion rings but I enjoyed them) and the jerk chicken tacos which she said was good but the chicken was slightly dry. Only thing is that the food took a while but it wasn't too big of a deal!! Beautiful, cute space!
Brunch, lunch or dinner...devil's is a great spot.  In fact, it is my favorite destination for a a affordable/casual dinner.  Their specialties are comfort foods like a Thanksgiving sandwich, cornbread muffins, grilled cheese, and sweet potatoes but they also have delicious, more health conscientious options (the veggie burger and the grilled veggie sammie are awesome).   Typically there are 5 specials an evening (the calamari salad is a staple on their specials and is worth a taste, or two!). Their drink menu changes to reflect seasonal treats--right now there is an alcoholic apple cider and in the summer there was an Arnold Palmer.  Both are fabulous.   The upstairs bar is never obnoxiously crowded so its conducive for a conversation.  Two hints to make the trip all the better: on Monday's they offer a 3 course meal for $19 and there is a quaint fireplace in the back of the upstairs--take your date there for an after dinner drink.   Unfortunately the only thing I can't rave about is their grilled pb&j because its made with strawberry (yuck) jelly.
Decent craft beer selection. Indoor or outdoor dining. Food was kinda "meh" for me. It just felt like everything could use a nudge in the right direction. Food, service, cleanliness. None of it was terrible but it was borderline.

With this excellent location, this could be a very cool spot with a little enthusiasm from the manager or owner.
Never again. I repeat: NEVER AGAIN. I have given Devil's Alley more than enough chances to change my opinion of their establishment, but yesterday was the final nail in the coffin. N-E-V-E-R A-G-A-I-N! The food is never good. It's never even average. It's just bad. So bad, in fact, that I am beginning to question my own sanity because I have returned to this place over and over again. My office is just one block away, and I live in the neighborhood as well, so it's a place that I actually WANT to enjoy, but never do. Everyone' s always like, "Hey, let's go to Devil's Alley" and my brain wants to say "HELL NO" but my mouth always says "OK." 

But back to the food. It's really bad. I mean, the veggie burger I ordered yesterday was topped with BROWN guacamole that I paid an extra $1.50 for. I'm sorry, aren't avocadoes green? Right. I basically took a half bite of my burger and stopped eating it. The waitress was friendly and attentive but didn't ask me if anything was wrong with my food. Regardless, it's not her fault that my burger tasted like dog food. End of Rant. Never going back.
This is what was left of a delicious Smoked Chicken Quesadilla!! This was under the starters! It was large enough for a meal! The chicken was delicious and there was a lot of it!! The presentation was beautiful! We will Definitely be back!!
I've been here three times and the experiences were overall positive. I will say, even though it's more a burger/grill and beer joint, I enjoy it most for brunch. I think their breakfasts are awesome, their corn pancakes and egg plates are much better than run of the mill grills that are open that early.  I wouldn't put it in the same class as Honey's or Morning Glory, but it's good.  As a side note, I do remember their breakfasts being a dollar or two higher than what I think they should be, but most grills like that (such as Bridget Foy's) charge lunch prices for breakfast.

I've had their burger and a pork sandwich for lunch, both were good, both were a bit greasy. They have a good beer list and cool decor (I actually feel the effort they put in to their bathrooms are especially win and should have been used throughout). When ever I'm over near the Rittenhouse area, I'm tempted to stop in - if you're over there, you should try it to.
i'm starting to make the devil's alley a usual place. it's right near where I work and has reliable food and service. Last time I had the guac and cheddar burgar- a fine choice. The food is good but not outstanding (which isn't always a bad thing). I know what to expect when I eat here and it's always good at a fair price. Don't let the "a-ok" rating sway you - dinenr at the devil's alley is always a good choice. Sometimes the crowd tends to be kinda bro-ie but it hasn't bothered me too much. I always eat upstairs near the fire, which is quite nice in the winter time.
We found this restaurant thanks to Yelp and we figured we would give it a try while visiting the city.  I wasn't in the mood for a big dinner per se and would be happy with a sandwich and a beer of some sort while Hubs was on the hunt for comfort food.  So, Devil's Alley was close to our hotel (the Westin) and ranked well on Yelp.  We figured, why not stop in for a drink and see if we wanted to stay there for dinner.  Upon entering the restaurant, there were plenty of other tables eating and we felt comfortable doing so (I'm weary of bars where no one else is eating).

The restaurant has a really neat red-and-black-and-orange vibe going on and at first glance, it looked rather cozy and casual so we didn't feel too out-of-place in jeans.  We were seated quickly next to the window (prime people-watching for the semi-shady club across the street) and our server, Will, was quick with the menus and the prix-fixe menu available.  The restaurant seemed rather sparse to warrant a prix-fixe menu but he explained that they were gearing up for their NYE menu and we were welcome to partake in it even though it wasn't quite NYE yet.  

For $40, we had a three-course meal (appetizer, entree, and dessert) with three rounds of champagne cocktails.  It was a simple concept, really.  I like food, I like lots of it, and I like champagne especially when mixed with other liquors.  Done.  The prix-fixe it was.

I had the lobster bisque as my appetizer that was certainly more lobster-y than bisque-y.  The lobster meat was a little fatty, but it was fresh and was actually pretty good.  The soup itself had a distinct kick to it and was delicious.  Hubs had the duck confit appetizer that was also served with mixed greens.  It was huge and could have been its own meal.  For entrees, I had the scallops served with maple syrup glazed bacon and brussell sprouts.  Yes, you've heard right.  It was also served with mashed potatoes that I didn't particularly care for; there was no real seasoning and tasted rather bland.  Hubs had a ridiculously huge steak (I think it was a NY strip) that he enjoyed.  It was supposed to come with a mushroom demi glaze, but he had that on the side.  But wait, there's more!  Dessert.  As if we didn't have enough food, here comes dessert.  I had the sorbet which was just enough for me.  Hubs had the banana bread dessert that was just over the top.  He could barely finish half of it, it was just that big.  However, it was just as delicious as it was big.  

Let's not forget, it was also served with three champagne cocktails.  So not only were we well-fed, we were also not left thirsty by any means.  My original plan of just grabbing a light sandwich and then finding dessert was completely gone by now.  

Overall, it was a steal for $80 between the two of us.  The food was delicious and the service was awesome.  We will definitely be back the next time we find ourselves in Philly.
Let me start by saying, I come here often. As a previously loyal patron I have to say I am appalled by the way me and my friends were treated here on Friday. We asked both the server and hostess if we could sit at a table by the window, despite agreeing to seat us there they clearly begrudged us for asking. Apparently that request would result in us being punished for the remainder of the evening. Subsequent to being sat our table was purposefully neglected to be cleaned, drink orders were not taken, menus were not brought after being requested. When I asked if I could have a separate check my server responded with "ask me again later, I'll forget". Finally after being ignored for so long we decided to take our money elsewhere. I complained to the manager who basically said, he'd look into it. There are far too many good bars in this city, who understand hospitality to waste time or money funneling into a place that doesn't appreciate its customers.
I remember loving this place a few years back but I just hadn't gotten around to stopping in recently. Last night my group was looking for a place to sip a drink and enjoy the outdoors, and the Devil's Alley balcony tables came to mind. There was a table on the street level available when we rolled up so we decided to sit there instead.

I was going to be perfectly content ordering a Tröegs Perpetual IPA for $5.50 until our sever informed us that all bottles were $3 for craft beer Tuesday. Then she pointed out that Victory's Golden Monkey counted towards the special. I love this girl! She then continued to blow our minds with their daily drink specials. I believe it's margarita Monday, craft beer Tuesday, rum punch Wednesday, Jameson Thursday, Absolute Friday, Sangria Saturday and Yuengling Sunday. The prices vary per day but were really excellent based on each beverage.

We weren't planning on eating but then she told us the specials. There was a duck quesadilla with goat cheese and a Mac n Cheese with jalapeño, bacon and crab. Both sounded phenomenal but my friend wanted the Mac n Cheese and I definitely needed an eating buddy since I wasn't even hungry. Amazing call! It was creamy and you got at least some topping in every bite. The jalapeños could have been a little hotter but maybe it was better not to make the dish super-hot. 

Of course inside the restaurant they had the lights and talks trees that make the ambiance cool. I didn't love how the tables overlooked a dying section of Chestnut Street but it's not Devil Alley's fault this once vibrant neighborhood is now a little desolate. 

With such great all day drink specials, I'll absolutely be back soon. Even if it's just for one drink before moving elsewhere, who can resist?
For the money, the food and beer here are wonderful.  A friend took me here to get some drinks and boy do i love my beer when I'm home.  The bar only had a few patrons but we still had a good time.
Keeping with the theme of the restaurant - Damn, this is one helluva burger!

The burger is a thin, crispy homemade patty consisting of lentils, vegetables (yellow squash, zucchini, mushrooms, corn, peppers) and crushed-up Goldfish Crackers.
 
Yup, the very same little orange snack fishes that you love because they're so delicious. 

This is a stroke of culinary genius because after biting into the moist and flavorful patty, I got this subtle aftertaste of cheddar and celery seed that totally brought me back to my childhood. 

It's served with lettuce, tomato, a red onion confit, fries and a pickle. Although I appreciated the sweetness the brought to the dish, I wasn't a huge fan of the onion confit. I probably would have liked it more had it not been piled on so thick. 

I'd like to take a moment to praise the bun. Unlike some other joints where the bun is considered an afterthought and falls apart after the second bite, the bun at Devil's Alley was sturdy, tasty and toasted. Great choice!

The fries were tasty - well-salted, fresh skin-on potatoes. The only improvement I can suggest for this would be a dash of fresh parsley. Elevate the great to the sublime. 

If you go and order the veggie burger, be sure to get a side of the Chipotle Ranch. It's got a little kick to it that really adds to the burger and makes a killer dipping sauce for the fries.
Yummy!

I really loved this place and I didn't even get their famous wings or anything!  

Great beer selection, awesome, patient, attentive service, and some of the best onion rings I've had in forever.

Pretty good sangria, too!
This review is for their brunch - they have limited selection but is okay and probably cheaper than other places that I really like. Much better than their drinks. Portion sizes are HUGE - which is not uncommon in the states. The Chorizo Quesadilla is good, I just wish they had put less cheese in it. The bread pudding is delicious though and they change flavors every week. Overall, it was more food than I could eat but I wasn't disappointed. Might come back again for the bread pudding.
Went for brunch, and really enjoyed it.  The chili was really good and even though they were busy, the server hustled and was always there.
Eh. Kind of disappointed actually. Food was OK, nothing special, the fried food was kind of bland (frozen?), the mac and cheese alright, the ribs and chicken combo was fine. I don't know what I expected but hoped for better than mediocre. Wouldn't make a special trip back.
A quick question about the terrible pseudo-Greek gardenesque seating area??? What the f*** where they thinking about?
We ventured out to Devils Alley for a reunion hoping to try the Restaurant Week menu. Sadly when we arrived we were told that it was no longer available. Brushing it off we decided to start off with a pitcher of the Pomegranate Sangria which was quite delicious but it was simply served with too much ice. I understand the restaurant needs to make profit but the fact that the pitcher was 3/4th filled with ice was ridiculous..

I ordered the spicy dry rub wings, when it came out it was so burnt to the point that it was inedible. I asked the server if it was suppose to be this burnt and she replied that it was not burnt, it is suppose to be that dark because it was a dry rub. She told me that if she brings out another batch it will come out the same way. So I didn't bother to order another batch but instead packed up to go so I can get a good picture of it in the light. Despite the fact that it was so burnt, the wings had potential. The picked vegetables and sauce was delicious. The rest of my friends ordered burgers, they all asked for a range between "medium well to medium rare" all the burgers came out burnt and completely well done. I do not know whether it was a kitchen mishap but it was very disappointing. 

Not only was the food disappointing but the place just lacked service, well for our table at least. You do not have to dine out a lot to know that servers are suppose to check up on their customers. Our server did not come by not once to ask us how our food was or to see if we needed a refill. She only came back when we called her over for the check. 

I do not want to leave with the mindset that this place is horrible because the food did have potential but it was just cooked improperly. So I will give this place another try in the future but as for now, this place gets only 2 stars.
This is my favorite restaurant in Center City. My favorite things to get are their pizza of the day, which changes all the time and is always delicious, and their beer flight for local beers.  Their beer list changes seasonally and is always well balanced.  All the food here is delicious, the atmosphere is chill and not pretentious while still being classy, and best of all, they have outdoor seating!
I visited Devil's Alley the other night for drinks and apps for a friend's 24th, and I must say: I totally dug DA's groove.

The bar is tucked away upstairs, in a long, narrow cafe area (they don't call it an alley for nothing!) with dark paint, coat hooks scattered across the back wall, and an all-metal bar and railings, which overlook the larger downstairs dining area. Mad props for ambiance, although squeezing past random strangers while juggling drinks and a cell phone conversation felt a little awkward

Nevertheless, this place delivered. The beer selection was outta this world (perhaps from the debaucherous land of the devil): Ithaca Apricot-Wheat, Genny Cream Ale, PBC Coffee Porter...all delicious and ON TAP. The food was well-priced for Rittenhouse and pretty decent...the chicken satay was particularly yummy.

Overall, a solid bar, especially if you're looking to escape the droves of frat boy types at places like the Irish Pub or Drinkers, next door. I'll probably come back, if I'm ever aimless and in the neighborhood.
This place is a go to for a cheap bite if you're craving a burger or chili. Their service is consistently slow, and I've been here probably half a dozen times. I do like their French fries a lot, and I like the bi-level design of the place with the plants.

Overall, this place is a place to go if you're looking for a hungover brunch or a cheap dinner with friends. I would not recommend it for a place to bring your parents or a serious date.
Super yay!  Love the turkey burgers here.  They are NOT dry and so tasty.  I pass on the big bucket o' fries in favor of their YUM-CITY mac 'n cheese.  I order mine sans the tomato "jam" garnish.

They also have kickin' sides like greenbeans (crisp and studded with tomotoes) and sweet potatoes.  (Grilled with butter and cinnamon suger - like dessertm baby!).

It can get crowded and crazy - which is why it is not 5 stars -but the price is right and this spot ROCKS.
After being a monthly customer of Devil's Alley for the past 3 years, I wish I could be leaving a more complimentary review for one of my go-to restaurants in center city. Unfortunately, after my last visit, that just can't be the case.

It was a slow week day, when I met my girlfriend here for lunch on her hour break. We placed our order and waited. Waited longer than I was used to for this place. Finally, I saw our order being carried up the stairs to our table, when the runner was intercepted by the owner. After a moment of what seemed to be overreaction and confusion between her and a few other members of the staff, we got to watch our meals go back down the stairs to the kitchen.

Our waiter came and apologized, but with now only 10 minutes left on a lunch break and no food, we had to get it boxed up to go from the kitchen. No sort of compensation or even explanation from the owner herself, which I honestly find unacceptable. To me that says, "I don't really care about what the customers themselves think of the food, it's what I think."

Every other time, this restaurant has been great. However, apparently if the owner is around you can expect the staff to be walking on eggshells and delays from the kitchen. Owners without good customer relations get -2 stars in my book.
I been here twice in one year and there is significant difference in price and quality of food. Definitely not returning here again.
