It had been years since I dined at Devon. Went for brunch last weekend, and it did not disappoint! We ate in the back dining room with white tablecloths, silverware and fine china. The unmodernized old world ambiance is cozy and familiar. The hot cheesy buns came out with honey drizzled butter and we gobbled them up like wild animals, and the waitress kindly brought us a few more which we again gorged. The lobster bisque was to die for, and my standard brunch eggs Benedict hit the spot! My brunch mates were equally happy with their choices, seafood tacos, shrimp, and another eggs Benedict. Service was excellent! I'll be back to try the poke which I noticed on the menu, a big seafood trend!
Bestie came in from VA to have brunch with yours truly and brunch with a bottle of sparkling wine we had! 

Service - terrific! Devon and staff were lovely! Water glasses stayed full and Devon ( yes that was his name ) was honest and nice! The service is always great and "Devon" ( our server )upholds the tradition!

Food - fantastic!
Bestie ordered an enormous turkey club and subbed the asparagus instead of  fries. She raved about her meal and was delighted to take the other half to go. 

I'd eggs Benedict and subbed asparagus instead of potatoes and bestie was right the asparagus was fantastic! I also asked for the hollandaise on the side. All special requests were honored. 

The half price sparkling wine was lovely and we were able to land perfect outside seating on a warm February afternoon - which was brunch perfection!
HAPPY HOUR WITH BESTIE IS MY FAVORITE OF ALL HOURS! You can't go wrong with Zach as your guide 6/5

So try the calamari and the crab spring rolls (which are an interesting take in Vietnamese style summer rolls - not fried). Make sure you try the poke and buck a shuck oysters - AMAZING! Sit in the lounge, try the biscuits! Ask Zach to recommend drinks i tried three - id the pineapple martini, the punch and the sparking wine cocktail. Everything had a sort of Asian /far east twist! Bestie tried a rather tart cucumber and gin with lime drink. I think it needed a shot of tonic to balance the flavors but it was light and delicious. No matter what you decide to try, I promise you'll leave happy for sure!
The chilly rains of autumn are coming and i can feel it! So when my dearest friend reminded me we'd only have a handful of evenings left (before the rain comes) to sit outside on famous Rittenhouse Square and enjoy an evening at our fave spot for people watching while enjoying great food and wonderful wine, we'd to go to Devon. It was a five star evening with our faves including:
wine:
A bottle of red 5/5
It was easy to drink and complemented all courses

Food: 
Complimentary cheddar jalapeño biscuits 5/5 are buttery perfection - I could eat them with a glass of wine and die a happy, chubby woman :)
 
Fried Calamari  5/5 perfectly cooked with two dipping sauces and lemon garnish, huge portion! Yelpers planning to visit Devon, don't forget to check in for a wonderful surprise!

Goat cheese bruschetta 6/5
It's been a while since we've ordered this and they've started serving it with the best mixed green salad lightly dressed with a balsamic vinaigrette. You can't see it but you can taste it! It was so good I'd go back just for the mixed green salad on it's own. The herb topped goat cheese sits on marinated chopped tomatoes and it's served with crunchy, toasted French bread/crouton so good you could eat  it plain but even better with the cheese/tomato combo.

Desert
Carrot cake 6/5 is truly the best I've had since the Frog /Commissary left Philadelphia. It's basically pecan pie filling trapped between layers of nutty carrot cake and then iced with cream cheese frosting, creme anglaise and toasted coconut- we always save half for Don the Saturday evening concierge at a certain famous condo, he deserves that and more! He's good people !

Last but not least -Service:
Zack 6/5
Just the nicest guy and so personable and professional. He made us feel really special! He's a keeper! Customer service is still alive and well this evening...

Devon you don't disappoint and you certainly didn't tonight! Each time we visit the bar gets raised a little higher and Devon you always triumph!

We'll be back again soon but if it's raining we'll see our favorite bartenders and staff in the bar! :)
Great service great wine great food BUT I PREFER happy hour prices!

But there are no deals on Saturday...

The cheese jalapeño biscuits are always to die for...5/5

Charcuterie and cheese platter $21 small for the price 3/5
Cocktails range from $8-and up 5/5
Wine, 9 oz serving is the Best Buy starting at $12 for red 5/5
A huge portion of the best Carrot Cake $10 since the Frog/Commissary era 6/5. Yes it's that good!

Service (Sarah) was great and sitting outside on a not too hot evening on Rittenhouse Square people watching with a dear/best friend you've known your whole adult life makes any occasion perfect!
*******Restaurant Week Review******
I had business last weekend in Philadelphia and my mom reminded me that they had restaurant week ending Friday night. This was Friday at 2:30 so I spent the next 30 minutes trying to make a last minute reservation at the best restaurants in Philadelphia. I literally was fighting on open table for 22 minutes while all the 9:45pm- 10pm- and 11pm slots were disappearing before my eyes. I called every place I had on speedial. Ruth's Chris, Nineeteen, and Several other high end steak places I could think of and they alarmingly were refusing to participate in restaurant week. So I found Devon Seafood grill and made a 11:15 appointment. It was late, but I knew I wouldn't get into town until 10pm after the bowling party in College park. 

So we arrive at 11:14 after finding great metered parking two blocks away. I called ahead due to the late time and unfamiliar location and was told they offer garage parking at the three garage locations around them for $26 dollars. 

When I walk in and give my name they found my reservation they still had me wait for 10 minutes. That was my first red flag. The second was that they sat me right next to the kitchen which I would usually fight against, but because I was aware the kitchen literally closed at 11:30 I understand time was of the essence and if I was ever going to eat I would have to take some of my pet peeves and act like they didn't matter for one night. It turned out to be a great little intimate seat. As most others were in the middle of the floor or not so intimate. 

We had two waitresses one with red hair that took our order and towards the 2nd entree we got Kelsee who was awesome! I think the other one clocked out and my jersey girl took over. I immediately spotted her jersey girl tan and asked was she from jersey and she said "how did you know?" The tan was a dead giveaway! She rocked and took our desert choices told us about her life and we had a new member of our party from that moment on! 

The food was excellent we ordered the crab cakes with asparagus and mashed potatoes. They were ridiculously good and I see why they are normally $33 dollars. I also ordered the seared scallops with risotto. It was great, but kind of thrown together and not really what I expected. I knew it was well past the kitchen closing so I never complained. I did however check in around entree time and found out I get a free appetizer. Unfortunately they could not serve the appetizer because the fryers were off and it was around midnight. 

The manager came and was very apologetic she also comped one of the entrees so she's a champion and a winner in my book! 

I left around 1:30 because we waited 39 minutes for our desert that disappeared! It literally never came and I ended up having to take containers of desert ( bread pudding and apple tart )that I had to take home and cook myself. It's why I couldn't give 5 stars and I honestly would give 3 but the manager had already been gracious enough to comp one entree and the two waitresses rocked!
So, I finally went to "Devon." I went during restaurant week' 16, and I have such a very, very important message! I make no apologies if you know this already! Putting the review to good use, that'

First-timers say visiting "Devon" is like living in a dream, with its elegant dining room, signature cocktails and a great Sunday brunch menu. Also, there's nothing better than splurging on fresh-from-the-sea to your plate. 

Don't miss those heavenly dishes:
- Rich and creamy, that Lobster Bisque is also a joy to eat.
- Blackened grilled MahiMahi, served with sweet potato hash, corn broth? Smashing.
- Want to satisfy that sweet tooth you have? Get the Lemon Pound Cheesecake.


Pro Tip: Subscribe to Devon Seafood Grill email newsletter and you'll get periodic coupons and birthday entree discount, delivered to your inbox. 

Four Yelps
Devon's excels at the little things and doesn't do a bad job on the big things either =P 

Service was prompt and friendly as you are greeted with water and biscuits nearly immediately. The fish is fresh as are their sides. The portions to price ratio is also very much in line for a Rittenhouse restaurant. I've been on several occasions and recommend you come for happy hour and stay for dinner. The lobster mac & cheese is as good as you've heard!
My bff from high school and I made plans to get together for drinks and dinner. Since she doesn't do the city thing very often, I wanted her to have a Rittenhouse experience but without spending boatloads of cash. I checked out Devon's website and discovered their "privileged guest" program. After providing my contact info, I received a $10 gift certificate via email that we were able to use towards dinner. 

Our reservations were for 7 on a Friday night but we arrived early to hit the bar for happy hour. I checked in with the hostesses, who all wore vapid expressions and showed very few signs of life or friendliness (Jenna C., it's not just NoLibs afterall!). We proceeded to the bar area and secured a couple seats. The specials from 5 - 7 are great, but the cocktails we tried were very heavy on the mixers. Next time I'll stick to wine or beer. 

We enjoyed sitting in the bar area near the bright, open windows facing the Square, but a trip to the ladies' revealed a restaurant interior that was badly in need of some renovations or at the very least, a good scrub-down. 

When happy hour was over, we were seated at a table by the open windows, as requested in my reservation. Our server was friendly but forgetful. She didn't seem to know much about the menu and when special requests were made with regards to sauces, she was a little helpless. The food itself was good but not particularly exciting. The tuna tartare was nice and spicy, although it was one of the offerings at the bar during happy hour so it would have made more sense to order it there. My salmon entrée came with fresh green beans and asparagus risotto. My friend's cioppino was tasty, but had she not agreed to the optional pasta add-on, the dish would have been very light for an entrée. 

I'll be back for dinner if I receive another promotion that is too good to pass up, but most likely I'll return for happy hour only.
*** Restaurant Week 2019 ***

This was my boyfriend & I's second stop for restaurant week and the previous place we went to was terrible, so we had high expectations. We both have been to Devon before so we were very excited.

When we first arrived we were given a seat by a door that had a terrible draft and it was the coldest night of the winter (8 degrees). We tried to tough it out, but after 5 mins we were over it. My boyfriend spoke to the hostess and they quickly seated us in the warm dinning room. The hostess said they had received that complaint all night, so I was confused why they continued to sit people there. Nonetheless, we ordered drinks on the bar side and was able to receive happy hour prices, but they wouldn't let us transfer the bill to our new table. That was annoying since no one let us know there was a bar and a restaurant side. We had planned on using a AMEX coupon that night which would have required us to spend at least $100 but, since the drinks didn't transfer it we couldn't. Blah


Nonetheless, our waistress was amazing and very attentive. Often during restaurant week staff at participating places look down on the customers that come. But not here, she made us feel so welcomed and we were VERY HAPPY with our food.
Devon Seafood Grill
225 S 18th St, Philadelphia, PA 19103 (215) 546-5940

Per their website, Devon Seafood Grill "offers simply prepared premium seafood, an impressive wine cellar, and handcrafted, signature cocktails." I would consider them to be a premium upscale chain restaurant--they have locations all over the country--such as Miami, Chicago, Milwaukee, Hershey, and others. 

Here in Philadelphia, they are located in the luxurious Rittenhouse Square neighborhood, flanking such other Philadelphia landmarks as Parc, Rouge, A-kitchen among other top restaurant choices.

SPICY CREOLE GUMBO.  Not a bad start to the meal.  It had just enough kick to give it some punch but it was not overbearing. Gumbo is a dish that originated in southern Louisiana from the Louisiana Creole people during the 18th century. It typically consists primarily of a strongly flavored stock, okra, meat or shellfish, a thickener, and seasoning vegetables.

MAINE LOBSTER BISQUE.  It was...okay.  Not disappointing and certainly nothing to sneeze at, but it wasn't overly exciting.  The best description I can give was it that it was adequately executed, tasty, but not memorable. Bisque is a smooth, creamy, highly seasoned soup of French origin, classically based on a strained broth of crustaceans. It can be made from lobster, crab, shrimp or crayfish.

SHRIMP COCKTAIL cocktail sauce, creole remoulade.  Nothing too crazy here.  Typical shrimp cocktail presentation. Seems they are keeping the whole creole thing going with the remoulade.  Remoulade or rémoulade is a condiment invented in France that is usually aioli- or mayonnaise-based. Although similar to tartar sauce, it is often more yellowish, often flavored with curry, and sometimes contains chopped pickles or piccalilli.

JUMBO LUMP CRAB CAKES creole remoulade, mango tartar sauce.  Probably the most interesting portion of this dish was the mango tartar sauce.  Unusual combination, but it worked.

SCALLOPS RISOTTO, lemon & asparagus risotto, shaved fennel salad, balsamic glaze, basil oil.  This again was not something I typically see.  Shaved fennel with risotto with scallops.  I'm not sure how I felt about this one. I thought the balsamic glaze left much to be desired though.  If you are going for sweet, I get the risotto, but why go for a sour after taste with balsamic glaze and shaved fennel--not to mention the lemon negates the creaminess and sweetness of the risotto.

The bread service was an afterthought. That is all.
I had jumbo crab cake. I was expecting two big lumps but they were in my opinion a regular size if you go to a store. They are very tasty, not over seasoned with old bay, all crab meat. It comes with two sides. I pick two orders of grilled asparagus. They were perfectly cooked and crunchy with some chopped tomatoes. You get four spears of asparagus per order. The whole meal cost me $25. I think it's a little bit overpriced for what you get. 

Upon being seated you will get warm cheese peppercorns biscuit with maple butter.  The best seats in the restaurant is by the window overlooking beautiful Rittenhouse Square. 

When you sign up mailing list you can get buy one get one meal on your birthday.
You know, I have eaten at this restaurant a few times and this has become a disappointment because I really like the food here. Went here for restaurant week and had mahi-mahi this time with calamari and the shortcake. The calamari was the best I have ever had and it wasn't overly breaded. The fish was good, but the shortcake was bleh. 

That being said, this time had some pretty sub-par service by an inattentive waitress. This seems to be a theme here when I review my previous reviews. Lunch took 2 hours. Waters were not refilled promptly. The biscuit guy routinely walked right on past our table without even looking in our direction.

So here's the real annoyance: I tipped the minimum, which came out to be 15.8%. Her service was probably worth about 10% or less, if we are being honest here. The waitress (or someone) turned around and added another $9 to the tip amount, bringing it to more than 20%. That's some shady stuff right there and I don't take lightly to that. I have already contacted my credit card company and I'm not sure I will ever come to this restaurant again because the service routinely sucks, and they employ shady waitresses.

A real disappointment.
Come for the lobster bisque, stay for the lobster tail! That bisque is the best I've ever had. It was a little spicy which I loved and a great start to a great meal. 
After the bisque came the tail, which I inexplicably paired with lobster mac and cheese and string beans. Partner ordered the seafood mixed grill, also delicious might I add. Lobster tail as expected was delicious. Surprisingly the mac and cheese was pretty weak. I feel like it's hard to mess this up but the cheese they use had no flavor and was kinda watery. But bad lobster mac and cheese is still pretty good am I right?! 
The service and ambiance were both on point. Drinks were tasty and potent. We can't wait to get back!
My Yelp friend's review (Jody S.) reminded me that for all the times I've eaten at Devon, I've never written about it.
 
This is a spot where one West coast client takes me every time she is doing her Philly/NYC rounds. We only come here for lunch and she always brings at least one of her children. She absolutely despises the East coast but hides it pretty well. She does like the 'idea' of Rittenhouse Square and always does her "I could see living here" spiel. I believe, that as a native San Franciscan, she somehow lacks the self confidence to see and be seen at Parc (though anyone can eat there, y'know?!) so we all go and hide in a big booth at Devon Seafood Grill, then after lunch we briefly stroll around Rittenhouse Square, exchange air kisses and whooosh-she's off to New York. 

Since E. always picks up the check, I have developed a standard business lunch here. My parents raised me to never pick the most expensive items on the menu when I am being treated and even though they have gone to their eteranal rest, I remain a good and obedient son. That makes the chilled seafood platter off limits.

Since my hostess doesn't drink booze, we always have bottled mineral water (she insists on a slice of cucumber in her glass with lots of ice) and I sit and long for a Manhattan or a dry martini but cheerily clink my sober glass with hers. My starter is the Maine lobster bisque. It's rich and tasty and there's actually lobster in it. If I can do so discreetly, I mop up the bits my spoon won't catch with a chunk of bread. Yep, it's that good. 

Then I move on to the lemongrass shrimp tacos. This is not the most filling entree but it comes with a seasonal side so I usually order fries which are nicely done here. The grilled shrimp have always been plump, seemingly fresh and not over grilled. There is enough going on with the pickled red onion, pineapple mango salsa and lemongrass aioli to keep my tastebuds awake. There's nothing cunningly innovative about this dish but it's well prepared, nicely presented and doesn't put me in a food coma. 

E.'s daughter, P., who is now 11 years old, always goes for the lobster mac and cheese and cleans her plate. I've never tasted it but this is a kid who was demanding meals at Gary Danko and Atelier Crenn when she was barely out of diapers, so one has to assume that Devon's version hits the spot.

My only gripe is about service. E. is a stickler about making reservations. Invariably I am the first to arrive and there has not been a single time that the person at the host stand has been able to find our reservation in the computer. Sure, they are always polite about it, but this is not a fight for a table kind of place at lunch time and I'd bet you a nice, fresh soft pretzel that we probably don't really need a lunch reservation, either. My client arrives with kid in tow, asks why I haven't been shown to a table, then makes a lady like, low key fuss when I tell her 'they' can't find the reservation. The host(ess) sees the look on E.'s face and voila!-suddenly all it's smiles when 'Mrs. XYZ's' name comes up for party of 3.

While the servers here are pleasant, nice to look at and can generally answer questions about the menu and the location of the toilets, there is invariably a lag before the first course arrives, then a longer one between courses. The 3 of us go through a bottle of mineral water quickly then we wait and wait and wait for another one. Whoever serves us is always apologetic for any forgetfulness but I am not just discussing post pandemic staff shortage; no, I am going back years when I describe the not so snappy service which carries on and on from past to present. 

Because my hostess is California thin and her daughter wears braces, we "play" at dessert. I never order tea or coffee because by the end of the meal, the slow service has me slightly on edge. The server arrives and asks if we've thought about dessert. E. always says, 'Warren, you must order dessert. You hardly ate anything!," when she is the one who ordered and barely touched her Caesar salad and picked at 3 of my french fries.  Along with my standard appetizer and main, I complete the lunch ritual by asking for the also standard creme brulee and 3 spoons. It's a fine rendition of the classic, has seasonal berries and a nice burnt sugar crust that we let young P. break through. We each have a few tastes and call for the check. And yes, then follows an interminable wait for that, too. 

So now you're probably wondering if you should bother to eat here. Yes, I think so. It's a solid place, the food is good and dependable if not terribly imaginative but that (to me) defines 'Old Philadelphia.' The restrooms are spacious and clean. This is one of the nicer areas of the city for a post prandial walk and if you are wining and dining out of town guests, you can always tell them you couldn't get reservations at Parc so this was second best choice. Keep your fingers crossed behind your back when you say t
Everything here was amazing! Came here for a girls dinner and was very excited because it was a new place for all of us! The biscuits - honestly I could have eaten the biscuits and butter for my entire meal they were soooooo good. Just so you know, they will serve you more than one of those cheddar-goodness biscuits, you just have to ask! This place also has an awesome check-in deal for free calamari appetizer, which we definitely participated in. We each tried a different drink and although pricey, at the end of the meal we didn't feel like we were jipped on anything. For entree, I got the salmon panzanella. It was delicious. I was worried it would be a salad with a side of salmon but it was a salmon entree with a panzanella salad basically! I would definitely recommend this. Two of my friends got the speal potato crusted halibut, which looked delicious (crusted in hashbrowns mind you) and my other friend got swordfish special and she was really happy with that option. Our waiter admitted that we were one of his first tables (he had recently been promoted from bussing tables) so there were a few minor hiccups, like we ordered sides for the table but he misunderstood that as side substitutions for individual dishes, but otherwise he was completely accommodating, professional, and kind. I'd definitely come here again but for a special occasion because of my student budget.
Great value for restaurant week! Went with two other friends and got to try a couple of the appetizers and entrees. Lobster bisque had great creaminess taste and definitely very filling portion. House salad was refreshing and the dressing was nice and light. Scallops were delicious and cooked to perfection! Mignon was great as well, very tender. The crab cakes were great and had the right amount of structure without falling apart. Deserts were nice, creme brulee serving size was huge, couldn't even finish it!
Greeting- yes
Vibe- New England
Prices- moderately high
Parking- pay for lot or valet fee
Service- OK
Bathrooms- two units downstairs. More upstairs
Wine list- 1/2 off bottles under $100 on Sunday!
Table Bread- fantastic biscuits!! All down hill from there
Food
-Kansas city strip was horrid. Enough salt on it to raise the Titanic. Not a quality piece of meat for the high price. Skip it. Fries were soggy. Looked and tasted like apple-bees quality food
-Sides of brussels and cauliflower were so small it was a total rip off. 
- fried shrimp were dry as a bone
Dessert
-Key lime pie looked fantastic. But the crust tasted like it had freezer burn. Couldn't eat it
WIGB? No. The Sunday wine prices are tempting though. If you drink enough you won't be able to taste the food
Delicious! It is the Best buy on Rittenhouse Square, great happy hour menu and drink specials.
Best seafood restaurant in the city and located across the street from beautiful Rittenhouse Square. The best seafood, always fresh and prepared to perfection. Don't skip the cheddar biscuits, they are the best part of the meal.

Full bar with very knowledgeable bartenders.
Beautiful, cozy, elegant setting.
Enjoy!
I'm naming my first child Devon. 

The lobster bisque here is the best I've had anywhere, and comes with plenty of meaty pieces of lobster. 

The tuna tartare includes large chunks of tuna over cucumber and is to die for. 

The crab cakes are now my go-to dish. (The asparagus and mashed potatoes served on the side are nothing to scoff at!) 

For dessert, try the lemon meringue pie. My taste buds cried in pure ecstasy as I ate this. I was too full to even make a dent in my entree, but I made room for this decadent dessert, especially once the waiter said it was his favorite on the menu! 

Devon is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, hands down. I've never had bad service here, the atmosphere is casual, and the food is always impeccable.
Devon is an "older" Philadelphia establishment on the scenic Rittenhouse Square. It's been over a decade since my previous visit, until March 2018.

To be honest, the thought of going here never excited me. I get my seafood down the shore, my meats in steakhouses and my trendy spot fix just about everywhere else. While there's still nothing exciting about Devon, I did have top notch food in an upscale environment.  

My first visit was for lunch. I ordered the seared mahi mahi. I found the portion to be tiny, yet tasty. The butternut squash risotto and roasted Brussels were spot on. Our server was nice, but almost a little over eager and chatty, which I could've done without. We sat by the window overlooking the square, which couldn't have been more picturesque. Of course, the hot bread was top notch; as it was for my recent dinner visit.

My slightly larger group sat in a round table towards the back in our own alcove type area; the semi-private seating was great. As it was dinner, I also got to enjoy a few cocktails (Sparkling Blackberry Martini and Pardon my French) and a glass of Pinot Noir. Spot on mixology with a nice wine selection overall. The oysters were cluch. The fried calamari had a tasty seasoning, in addition to just being fried. The firecracker cauliflower wasn't super hot, but did have an enjoyable kick.

I was happy they let me customize my entree. I literally wanted a little of everything so went with the seafood mix grill. I kept the Cajun shrimp and asparagus, but switched up everything else. Instead of salmon, I had extra scallops. Instead of regular scallops, I was able to get the special scallops of the day. I needed some lobster in my life so subbed in lobster risotto for the Yukon potatoes. Not huge changes, but they accommodated and it made me happy.

While Devon still isn't the most exciting places in the city for me, if someone suggests going there, I think I'll be able to go with high spirits based on my recent solid experiences that left no room to disappoint and enjoyable times all around.
Came here for my birthday with my boyfriend and had the best experience!
Im so mad i forgot his name but he was brown skin, bald with glasses. He sang happy birthday to me along with my boyfriend and he made sure i got a big slice of carrot cake 

Definitely order the lobster rolls they are to die for! We also had the Seafood Mixed Grill which was a nice portion. 

He was nice enough to also take our pictures!
Brought my wife here for Valentines day dinner. My reservations were for 7:45p but I got there a little late because I got lost finding the restaurant. I did arrive before 8p they still sat us right down. 

When seated a gentleman walks around with a tray of biscuits for the table. My waiter was very good his name was Steve. I immediately was asked and served drinks. I did order crab cakes appetizer and the free yelp checkin calamari they both were yummy & served with the best tartar sauce ever I'd eat that on anything. The fried shrimp were amazing!! I will get that every time I go. The crab cakes were very good as well. The mashed potatoes just needed a bit of salt. The lobster Mac & cheese also needed a little salt. We couldn't get dessert because we were so full. 

The interior is very small and the seating is a little uncomfortable.
I'm not even the biggest seafood person, but I discovered Devon a couple years ago and have been aching to come back (mostly for the biscuits, to be honest!). It's more like a 4.5.

For comfort and a more quiet atmosphere, ask to be seated downstairs! If you prefer a bar and music, feel free to sit in the front. The decorations are minimalistic but comfortable.

The biscuits are always my favorite part of Devon. They're soft and actually look more like scones, and the biscuit server offered us seconds since we devoured the first ones. The rest of the food is solid but not necessarily spectacular--whipped potatoes are my choice side, cauliflower and bacon is also pretty good, and the seared black grouper was great quality meat just slightly seared on the outside (which I love), although a tad bland. My boyfriend really enjoyed his salmon, but he loves salmon... so there's that. I remember the first time I came, I had the filet, which was pretty good--but again, the biscuits and sides were more memorable.

The service is top notch here! My server, Tatiana, was on point, as were the busboy and biscuit servers. They all made sure there was water and food on our table the whole night (which is especially easy if you ask for seconds). Tatiana was super nice and funny and just a delightful waitress to have.

I'll be back the next time I crave some fish!
Went for lunch with a friend of mine & do glad we did. This is a lovely place. 

Wish I'd taken more pics of the interior but no worries because we'll be back. 

Hostess was welcoming & directed me to the well appointed bar to wait for my friend. Lots of wood & mahogany tones throughout. I like it. 

We were seated quickly in the main dining area when my friend arrived & served spicy cheese biscuits with honey butter - yum! Well spaced tables & no music mean you don't have to yell to be heard or have a conversation. Attentive and helpful staff too.

We shared a starter, the firecracker cauliflower - yummy!! I went for the shrimp tacos with a side of asparagus risotto and my friend had scallops with slaw and zucchini salad. Tacos had nice flavour and portion size was good with the risotto but the pickled onions were too soft for me. It's a texture issue. Otherwise, all good. Risotto was nicely cooked and not chewy or dry. My friend said her lunch was very good. We washed it all down with pineapple martinis. Refreshing. 

I didn't need to use the loo as we were nearby our accommodations but it was probably fine. 

This really is a lovely place & will defo return as it looks great in the evening.
This place is so basic in not a good way. This WAS my go to spot for work and personal dinners.

I came her last night for my husbands bday dinner - party of 4. I asked if we can have a booth since it was for my husbands bday and the hostess said no they cannot accommodate. Then they sat a party of 3 in a booth three mins after I sat down. So this made us feel not special even thought I booked it a while back and marked husbands bday in comments on open table.

Then there was the food... my Kansas City steak sucked for two reasons: over cooked and no char prob because the grill was not hot enough when cooked.  Asparagus over cooked and mushy. The only good thing are the biscuits and the raw seafood platter 

Service sucked too. I felt like our waiter had better things to do then wait on us. No special treatment here.

Also they did not even try to make it special for my husbands bday.... 

$350 dollars later , waste of time and money

I don't think I will be visiting this spot for work or personal anymore which is quite sad Bc this was my go to spot until yesterday
HAPPY HOUR REVIEW

Dare I say I may replace oyster house with Devon?! For happy hour anyways lol. Came here for happy hour twice in a weekend. Friday after work around 5:15 and Sunday night at 5:30. Both times I've received excellent service and was happily seated at a table. The menu consists of their starters for $7 as well as signature cocktails also for $7 except Sunday it's half off wine bottles that are under $100. They also had dollar oysters, which was my real reason for coming. I was pleasantly surprised at all the portions of the starters they were large and everything was filling. Both times, I had the smoked salmon flatbread, free calamari per yelp check in, lobster roll, and a dozen oysters. The oysters were four different types. All were comparable or better than oyster house!! On Sunday, I did get the shrimp tempura sushi roll, don't bother with that one as it wasn't worth any stomach room. Also tried the mussles, they were really good I enjoyed the wine and garlic sauce a lot. 

Overall, great happy hour service, menu selection, and oysters. Why I may replace Devon with oyster house for happy hour? First, is seating. Oyster house is always packed and you have to come super early to get a bar seat for happy hour, Devon's has more seating and I haven't had to wait. They also have a late night from 9pm to 11pm so you can get the same specials later. Second, I like my happy hours with food and Devon's offers a good selection of large portion appetizers, oyster house is only clams and oysters. Third, the dollar oysters, to me they taste the same.
I'm in love...with this restaurant!  I've planned on dining here for many years but finally got the opportunity during restaurant week Fall 2021.

Initially we drove to Devon Seafood on a Saturday evening and realized very quickly it was extremely difficult to get anywhere close to the restaurant.  Many roads were closed so we had to park far and settled on ordering to go.  Inside was also packed for pickup (as expected), and we had to pick up from the bar.  We had two sets of orders, one of the orders were missing their appetizers and dessert so we had to wait a bit longer for that to be fixed.  Good thing we checked before leaving.

After getting out of the hectic location and home we were certainly pleased with our meals!  The food was delicious and my mouth is watering as I write this review.  I ordered the restaurant week menu the gumbo for my appetizer, seafood mix as my main, and the creme brûlée as my dessert.  There was an upcharge for the gumbo and seafood mix from the restaurant week prices. They also added an additional bread which reminded me of a cross between a Brazilian cheese bread with a red lobster biscuit.  The food was perfect and will absolutely have me coming back for more.  The ingredients and seafood was high quality, and you can tell with every bite.  Can't wait to come again!
It's hard to decide how many stars to give Devon... it really depends on my last experience. It's hit and miss. 

Before I wrote a review, I read all of the other reviews and the lack of consistency confirmed what I planned to say - it depends. I went there twice in the last week. Once I had a fabulous meal. One of the best pieces of fish I've ever had. Once I had an overpriced, mediocre meal. I left thinking I'd never go back (too bad that was the second time that week).

I've probably eaten at Devon 10 times - equally split between lunch and dinner. Generally, I would say lunch is too expensive for what it is. I'm not opposed to buying a nice lunch, but I don't think what Devon has to offer at lunch is worth the prices they charge. When I look back at my experiences, I also find that I tend to be dissatisfied more often at lunch than at dinner.

You can get a good meal at dinner at Devon if you know what to order. My advice, order what they tell you is the freshest thing. They are usually candid about that. The menu items are okay... but again, hit and miss. There is a pattern... too bad it seems to be unpredictable.

The atmosphere - I suspect it depends on what you are looking for. It's not a small, intimate spot. It's large and noisy. If you're seated in front, you hear the bar crowd the whole time. It's not a great date spot. Basically, it's probably a good place to go with a group of people you know well enough to drink and be noisy with.

It sort of sounds like I don't like it. I'm not sure I do... but I keep going back. Actions speak louder than words I guess.
I ping ponged between 3 and 4 stars. 
The extra star is for a creativity of menu, interesting combinations and decent non seafood items( i always feel bad for people who don't like seafood but want to join their friends) 
Also the fact that i thought i was going to a bar, for a burger or such, so wasn't dressed appropriately for a Rittenhouse Square restaurant. No one from the staff batted an eye, I will remember that at Tip time. 
My entree was nicely plated, and the shaved fennel salad blended perfectly with the lemon risotto. I absolutely think scallops should be served with risotto every time. Here is the issue....There was sand in my scallops, they were to gritty for a seafood place in Philadelphia. i also thought the calamari was dry and over fried, bar food style. 
My friend had shrimp quesadeas and holy yum they were good, get that if you go. 
Despite some rough issues, it was a nice experience. Better than most Center City seafood places. The price for right across from the square is pretty good, which is a definite factor in returning.
I was disappointed with the food and how slow the kitchen was. 

Our server was very nice, but she was so busy that her service was lacking. She was apologetic for it and it wasn't her fault they were not staffed appropriately for the crowd.

Goat cheese bruschetta was below average, they had too much goat cheese, not enough tomatoes, tomatoes didn't have flavor and the side greens they served were swimming in dressing. The bread was oily.

The tuna tartare was the worst I've ever had and I literally lost my appetite for anything more it was so disgusting. So much spicy sesame oil dripping all over the plate, the oil killed any taste of anythng else, the tuna looked like it had been cooked - it was brown on the outside. Hardly any tuna on the plate, it was mostly watery cucumbers. Nasty dish. 

A friend had the chocolate lava cake and it looked like it came out of an easy bake oven. Unimpressive. 

Kitchen was the slowest ever. 

Upsetting dinning experience.
I've never been to a seafood restaurant as good as Devon Seafood Grill. I came here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday and everything exceeded my expectations. 

I had a reservation for 6:00. The staff at the hostess podium was extremely friendly. That's how I knew this would be a great experience. Once we got to our table, our waiter came over and introduced himself. His name was John. I couldn't have asked for better service. He was fantastic and super helpful. 

To start, I redeemed the Yelp check-in offer and got the free calamari. John said he had to check with his manager to see if it could be redeemed. He came back and said it would be accepted. I also ordered the firecracker cauliflower. Both appetizers were exceptionally good. I enjoyed the cauliflower because it was crispy and not too spicy. 

I got a cocktail (I can't remember the name of it) and it was delicious. I featured a picture of it, though. My boyfriend ordered the surf and turf, which consisted of steak and a crab cake. His sides were the roasted carrots and lobster mac n cheese. I snuck in a bite of the mac and it was awesome. Really creamy and not too salty. 
I ordered the Char Crusted Ahi tuna cooked medium... oh man. Devon Grill made it to my top 3 list of best seafood restaurants because of this tuna. The crust on the outside is what made the tuna taste amazing. My sides were mashed potatoes and apple and celery slaw. The plate had asparagus on it in place of the mashed potatoes, but I made John aware and he brought out the mashed potatoes. He apologized for the mix-up. He really went out of his way to please. 

Finally, John said dessert was on him because we were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday. We chose the Peanut Butter Torte. If you're a peanut butter lover, get this dessert! So yummy. It had a cheesecake-like consistency. 

I was very impressed by Devon. Can't wait to go back!
I had crab cakes(there was NO filler in them), my friend had salmon. The food was perfect and the wine was wine. Prices didn't bother me, very worth it. 
I'm not a snobby person, and I'm a broke college student (this kind of info is helpful when reading someone's opinion)  
Ps: our server Lance was the best server I have had ever, very sweet
Terrible service by the manager. My friends and I were turned away at the door after a customer began arguing with us. The manager quickly took their side without being aware of the situation and we decided to go spend our money next door at Rouge. I definitely think it was because we are Hispanic and the couple and manager were white. So sad to have this happened in the city. I was embarrassed and will never return. If you are Hispanic or a fellow minority, please go spend your money next door.
Pro Tips: 1)Download the app 'Seated' to make reservations and get $15 credit in amazon, uber, or starbucks. 2) Sign up for the email list on their website and get $15 off of 30 for your first visit 3) Check in and get a free calamari app 4) 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sundays

And even after ALL OF THAT this place still gets one star. 

My grandmother and I were seated at a lovely table right next to the window but still inside, so we could view the park. However, within the first 30 seconds we were DYING! It was SOOOOO LOUD that I had a difficult time even functioning. It was Sunday so the bottles of wine were 1/2 price, but I kid you not it was so loud in there that I didn't even feel like drinking. 

Came for happy hour (which is also on Sundays) and we ordered a few dollar oysters. I got "one of each" of the offering and when they were brought, it was never described to me which was which...and I think it's because they were all the same. They didn't vary in shape, size, or taste. My grandmother got 6 of the same kind and both hers and mine looked identical. I'm pretty sure they were all the same. 

We also ordered the crab and corn fritters, which were basically hushpupies (where was the crab!?) and the lobster rolls (it came with 2). They were flavorless apart from the mayo it was drowning in and the "roll" it came on (which was a piece of toasted bread) wasn't buttery at all. How dare you do that to lobster!?

The only redeeming part of the meal was the free calamari. The sauce was delicious, the portion was huge, and it came with plenty of the "rings" and "bodies" as I call them. Plus, it was accompanied by battered and deep fried jalepenos and sweet potato crisps. 

I would honestly never go back here simply because of the noise.
I've dined at several restaurants in the city and have been wanting to check out Devon Seafood. My family was visiting from out of town and we decided to give it a shot. From the minute we walked in the door, we unfortunately weren't very impressed. The hostess was kind of rude and unapproachable, and upon being seated the light above our table kept turning on and off to the point of it being really annoying. The manager did offer for us to move to another table, which was nice, but being halfway through our meal when she finally approached us, it wasn't worth it. 

On to the food: the calamari was delicious! Light and battered perfectly. Definitely a must-try. As for my entree, I ordered the swordfish and it was totally under seasoned. We had to ask the server for salt and pepper to add a little oomph to it. My mom had the ahi tuna which she enjoyed, but noted it lacked seasoning as well. My dad ordered the mahi mahi which came out totally raw. My dad has been in the restaurant business for 35 years, and hardly ever sends food back. The server who we were finally able to flag down was incredibly dismissive, grabbing my dad's plate and not acknowledging the issue at all. Totally not the way to handle a $35-$40 piece of fish when we were incredibly polite about the situation. 

Overall the food wasn't bad but,for the price, the selections as well as the customer service could have used a bit of seasoning. Part of an enjoyable meal is the staff who cares about its execution and the overall environment of the restaurant. The staff at Devon weren't exactly the most enthusiastic, which for me, unfortunately really soured our experience. We won't be returning.
Devon has been my go-to for special occasions for many years, and have recommended it highly to many friends and family. However, over the last year or so, it seems each visit is worse than the time before- and I'm really starting to worry.

On my most recent visit, a friend and I were seated in one of the three booths at the bottom of the stairs coming from the bar as you go towards the dining room. I'm not sure why they even have these tables and why they seat anyone here, because it's really a bad spot. It is darker and louder than the rest of the dining room, and a bit drafty in the winter. There is heavy foot traffic due to the entrances to the kitchens, wait stations, and the hallway to the bathroom. It feels like you're stuck in a the dark corner when the rest of dining room is bright and spacious. Worst of all, there were many black flies buzzing around our table the entire evening. It was very distracting and pretty bothersome. 

Unfortunately, this was the first visit where I had to send my food back. I had ordered my filet medium rare, and was given a well-done, dry, over-seasoned steak. Once I could flag our waiter down he did take care of it, but the second filet was still not the same quality I'm used to. I did appreciate that they gave me a new plate (including all new sides and scallops) and I know it wasn't our waiter's fault, but it was still disappointing.

That being said, we did have a great waiter- Andre. He was attentive, friendly, and even hooked us up with happy hour priced wine from the bar, despite having been seated in the dining room. We ordered the goat cheese bruschetta and crab cakes to start, then we both had the filet and scallops surf and turf combo. Our food came out in a timely manner, and both the crab cakes and biscuits were amazing (as usual). I would not order the goat cheese bruschetta again, though.

I'm not quite sure what's going on with Devon, but I hope they start making some changes. The menu needs some updates, the restaurant needs a deep clean, and I think some other updates could give it a fresh facelift. They are known for being great at what they do and their happy hour is fantastic, but the same-old, over-seasoned options just aren't doing it for me anymore.
Lovely location, right across from RIttenhouse Park. The service was stellar, our server was attentive and very nice. The restaurant was elegant and inviting. 

My husband had the lobster bisque for an appetizer and I had the caesar salad. We shared the seafood plate for two which came with lobster, pre-cut crab legs, oysters, and shrimp. The shrimp was my personal favorite. I didn't care much for the lobster but then again I'm odd like that:) 

I think the prices are somewhat reasonable given the location, but I could think of better food for less. My fiance did say that the lobster bisque was the best he's ever had. 

I'm giving it four stars because the location was just beautiful and I know I'm paying for ambiance. I would definitely go back for a nice event or celebration.
came here tonight with my family. We normally do not go out to the city so this night was very special to us. We got the calamari and oysters to start which was great. Then we got the soups for our meal. The soup was very salty but good. We ordered lobster mac and cheese and it came out before our entree which was weird. The staff quickly rectified the situation by giving us a fresh one in addition when our entree came out. The lobster mac was seriously lacking flavor. It almost tasted like a stroganoff instead of cheese? Is that normal? Our entrees were great but it was a bummer I had to send back my  steak since it was not MR and more like raw/rare. I couldn't even cut it since the flesh was all flopping around. Sent it back to have it reheated but by the time it got back my whole family finished eating and I lost my appetite. 

This place is good but seriously lacking some
Simple sanitation practices like the glasses all being cloudy. And me having to swat away flies and fruit flies the whole time..... Ew. Not appetizing. We took our desserts to go. We were pretty tired from swatting all the insects away and not impressed. Not sure i would be back. The food is not as impressive than those in the surrounding area.
A nice nosh - great, fresh seafood ; friendly service; great people watching overlooking Rittenhouse Park. I highly recommend their happy hour - they feature yummy shellfish delicacies and drinks at discount prices. Brunch and dinner are also highly recommended. A bit pricey, but hey, you're right on Rittenhouse so that's to be expected.
Devon's for the 2nd time - still amazing! :)

This is for my birthday dinner - no restaurant week menu for us! And they sat us in front of the tv to watch the phillies game which was perfect! It was somewhat packed because of the game and we were sitting near the bar. So it felt like an expensive restaurant with sports bar feel. lol 

However, food was excellent! I ordered tuna tartar and this has got to the best tuna tartar I ever had! IT WAS DELICIOUS!! I could go for some now. But I swear, the best best best tuna tartar ever! I also ordered the baked salmon on flatbread, it was very good as well. Then ordered the salmon as an entree, yummy! One thing that was off was the biscuits that I had before. This time, it kind of fell apart and it didn't have that banging taste that I used to have the first time. Oh well, I still love it. Woohoo! :)
A fun bar scene for happy hour.  The happy hour menu is great to pick/mix/share with a friend or two.  Oysters are great.  And the happy hour prices for the bar menu are very reasonable.  Don't look to save any money on drinks, however, as pricey as you will find in the already pricey Rittenhouse area. The regular bartenders are good with a little attitude though.  The new bartenders need some work.

I am a frequent bar customer, had dinner in the restaurant section once, where the food is average or just above, and the service is average or just below.

See ya at the bar, no reason to have a sit down.
Devon seafood is pretty great. It's pricey, but it's also right off the park, and wonderfully prepared seafood.

First, a little something about the actual space. It's a really nice place. I wanna say that if I walked into a social parlor in the 50s, added some vibrancy and diversity, I'd have Devon seafood. The lighting is dim, but not inconveniently so, the place is laid out so that every table you could sit at has a cozy, but not crowded feel. It's just really comfortable. Ever been to the Racquet Club, or the Union League? Kind of like that, minus the "old boys' club" feel.

Anyway, I've been here on various, usually graduation related events, and the food is always superb. Everything I get from the pasta, to the ceviche, to even the mashed potatoes are worth cleaning your plate of.

The drinks could be a little stronger, and the wine list is on the more expensive side,  but then that's not really why you're at Devon seafood. Go for surf and turf, or like me, indulge in anything that comes raw.
When strolling through Rittenhouse Square in Philly on a nice day you will always see clusters of people sipping cocktails in sunnies while people watching at bistro tables in front of this popular spot. A friend and I were catching a quick cocktail after a bridal shower and stopped in. They have great Sunday specials including $1 per oyster. I ordered the swanky "On your marc" which is a mini bottle of Prosecco with blue maraschino cherries served on a little silver tray. Needless to say I felt fancy... Pinkies up!
My wife's boss offered to take us out to dinner, and we were in the mood for seafood, so this filled the bill. It was 5pm on a Monday so there was no wait to get seated and service was excellent other than a long delay in getting our entrees. 

We arrived very hungry, so we were happy to see they periodically brought around freshly baked biscuits that were rather incredible in terms of both texture and taste.

Since it was our first time here, I chose one of their "What people rave about" dishes: the Char Crust Ahi Tuna with Yukon Gold potatoes. The tuna itself was a generous cut of extremely high quality fish cooked rare, exactly as I'd ordered: delicious, but overly subtle in seasoning. So I was really looking forward to tucking into the Yukon Gold potatoes but unfortunately they were nearly flavorless and undercooked--not at all like the flavor-packed pommes-de-terre served next door at Parc. 

My wife ordered the Seared Georges Bank Scallops with lobster risotto, which she loved. I sampled it and while the lobster risotto was superb, the scallops seemed overly fishy; this may have been due to my raw tuna entree being a tough act to follow.

For dessert each of us ordered the Creme Brûlée. It arrived nearly cold, but was nevertheless very tasty--a good thing because the ramekins were large, each intended for 2-3 people. However, we had no problem finishing each of ours off in a flash.

Overall we thought it was really just OK; absolutely no comparison to Parc right next door and significantly more expensive.
Absolutely loved Devon!  Could have had something to do with a balmy May evening on our last night in Philly as well as the excellent food and an attentive server.  

We had reservations for 8 PM and had to wait a bit to get an outside table but it was well worth waiting for.  The bar was crowded and the bar staff not super attentive, but we did get a good drink and were at our table before we finished it.  Loved overlooking Rittenhouse Square and people watching as we enjoyed our dinner and a bottle of wine.  

As appetizers, the prosciutto crusted scallops were to die for, and the duck trapped smoked salmon excellent also.  

We split a filet and crab cake entree, but added a second crab cake on the advice of our server - and very good advice it was!  

Awesome place - I highly recommend it!
Worst service ever. My date and I ask for a table, the hostess starts to take us to our table (nice table in front) when another couple walks up to our hostess and says they've been waiting for a table.

Our hostess leaves us standing there, walks back to the hostess stand comes back, she seats the interrupting couple and tells us someone else will seat us.  

All of the sudden, we are offered a seat by the kitchen. 

Our hostess never bothers to explain or apologize.

Manager show ups when I ask about the obvious change, he try's to explain but says he doesn't Know if our story is true (as if I have a reason to not be truthful) and offers us another seat facing the wall in the main dining room.

We leave, horrible service not happy. In fact even more unhappy today.

Out of 131 reviews over many years, I've only written 10 one star reviews this service deserved I star or less.
Devon is a decent place to grab a seafood dish.  Not the best you've ever had, but not bad either!  The mahi mahi was....acceptable, but the best part of the meal was the carrot cake dessert.  Seriously, it was the best carrot cake I've ever had!  If I were to go again, I'd probably order salmon or the Japanese breaded shrimp.  Overall though, it's a place worth checking out if you haven't already.
This is the first time in a while that Yelp has failed me.  While the restaurant is nice, I'd characterize it as mediocre.  I ordered the Copper River Sockeye Salmon and it wasn't filleted properly--had bones in it.  I have seldom had bones in Salmon, so I was not impressed by that.  The fried calamari is also overcooked.

I'm glad I wasn't the one spending the money to go here, because I would not spend my hard-earned cash on a meal at this place.

The other interesting thing that happened was that there was a group of African-American women who were having an enjoyable dinner and the waiter apparently thought they were making too much noise and scolded them....one woman (probably rightfully) accused him of being racist, and he got really defensive.  He seemed to insinuate to the women that other patrons were complaining....we were sitting right next to them and it was perfectly fine.  Very odd for a fine dining establishment. 

The waiter also oddly dropped off the check and the dessert menu (I'm sure the pastry chef is thrilled by the lack of emphasis on desserts) at the same time, and then disappeared for 15 minutes (I think to yell at the African-American women).  After giving him the credit card, it took him five minutes to come back with it, when we clearly wanted to end the night.

All in all, it is a fancy restaurant that looks nice but the service was less-than-desirable and the food was medicore. Not going back.
Great location and excellent calamari appetizer I have ever tasted.  Great service and a friendly atmosphere.
I'm updating this review, even though I haven't returned. I was contacted by their customer service after I posted my review. I learned that this is Houlihan's seafood restaurant.  I have no opinion of Houlihan's, haven't eaten there in years.  I didn't realize this place was part of a chain.

The person from Houlihan's main customer service was very nice, and tried to put me in touch with someone at Devon Seafood.  Then it went downhill.  They told me a few times to call them at an exact time, and didn't seem interested in addressing my issues.  This nonsense pretty much synced up with the experience I had at the restaurant.  

They would have kept their two stars if they didn't go out of their way to make the experience worse.
While I originally intended to have dinner at Oyster House, their lengthy wait time led me to Devon Seafood Grill. I had such a great experience that I don't know that I would make the visit to Oyster House should I return to Philadelphia. We had an amazing dinner, and an amazing time!

We were starving, and had no intention of waiting for a table. We sat at the bar and were very comfortable despite the cramped atmosphere. This place is very popular, and completely packed at 9 pm on a Saturday night. We ordered the lobster salad sliders and lobster tamale to start. Both were quite good, but the tamale was exceptional: a must order for anyone dining here. I checked in on Yelp and got a free order of calamari, which was just alright, but a nice gesture nonetheless.

Our main dishes, shellfish bouillabaisse and seafood mixed grill, were RIDICULOUS. I order bouillabaisse wherever I go, and have ordered it at some of the most well known restaurants in NYC and this version trumped them all. Absolutely perfectly balanced in every way. My boyfriend's mixed grill was equally good, and the accompanying lobster mac and cheese was sinfully decadent. Dinner at Devon Seafood Grill may have been the highlight of our weekend!
I'm sad to see so many mediocre reviews.

I have always had a good experience at Devon and have been back many times since I first went for Restaurant Week two years ago. 

Last night my boyfriend and I went because I had a $25 birthday coupon - a great deal! We opted for indoor seating because on the first warm day of Spring, the line for outdoor seating was long. 

We ordered fried calamari as we always do. It's light and crispy, and is also served with fried carrots and jalapeno peppers. There are two sauces, a sweet & sour and a remoulade. Both are good.

We decided to go all-out and both ordered a 1.25lb lobster. We were able to choose two of the seasonal sides and went with the following:

Whipped Yukon Potatoes: tasty mashed potatoes with just enough potato chunks.

Sage Potato Gratin (I know, two potato dishes): amazing! This will be a new go-to side if I have the option. 

Lobster mac & cheese: it was pretty good (I liked it better than Continental Midtown's version) but I still prefer Del Frisco's take over any restaurant. 

Grilled asparagus: I'm not a big asparagus fan to begin with, but the asparagus at Devon is, to me, perfection. 

The lobster was, well, lobster. It was cooked well and tasted delicious. 

Shout-out to our waitress, Kaitlyn, for being wonderful and offering a free dessert to use with my birthday coupon. 

Yes, Devon is a little more expensive than other seafood restaurants. But with the amount of food you get and the service I've always received, not to mention the location (Rittenhouse Square), it's well worth the price.
OMG! I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT HERE!
I went here for restaurant week last night and omg the food was soooo good! Better than any seafood restaurants that I have been too!! The service was really great and he always refilled my water in time, which i love! 

Devon's even have a more selections and bigger portions than the past restaurants I went to for restaurant week, and it definitely filled up my stomach and made my money's worth!! 

Appetizer was from either a house salad, ceasars salad, lobster bisque, or new england calm chowder. I chose the lobster bisque and that was soo good!! very flavorful! I love it!! And my friend got the house salad, and the vinegrette dressing was very very good and flavorful! The soup was big and plenitful that I felt full from it already. They gave us hot biscuits right from the baking tray and with a side of some banging honey butter - that butter is the bestest butter i ever had!!! I LOVE IT!!

Yes i was so happy lol, and then entrees was from i think some fish, salmon, crab cakes, or filet mignon! i was like wowo!! I love crab cakes and i told my friend to get the salmon cuz i wanted to try it too lol. So my crab cakes were sooo good!! they were very tasty! and it came with a side of mash potatoes and asparagus, omg they were sooo good! lol. my friends salmon was pretty big portion and it definitely filled us both up right away! love it!!

Then our desserts we got to choose from a kahlua chocolate chip something lol and creme brulee MY FAVE!!! and chocolate fondant which they call lava cake lol. so as much as i love drinking kahlua, i just cant pass up my fave dessert of all time creme brulee! and they gave me a big bowl of it! they werent cheap at all!! my friend got the lava cake and i was like thats a chocolate fondant, i make that all the time!! lmao! and that came with a side of ice cream with toffee flower chip thing, omg it was too good that she couldnt finish it lol. i got too full!

And i also ordered calamari on the side because i just love calamari! they definitely gave us a lot of it and it came with like side dips, so did my crab cakes, and the calamari had like fried sliced carrots which were really good! I dont like carrots that much, but that was good last night! 

All in all, love it! Would definitely go there again just to eat! And I dont think their regular prices menus were expensive at all! The appetizers were like mostly from 10ish range, which isnt bad at all! LOVE IT!!
I've only been for Happy Hour. All I can say is that the food they serve at the bar is inexpensive and delicious! Calamari? Really? For under a 10'r? In Rittenhouse? Sweet. I should go back soon.
Last night in Philly

Dinner birthday celebration 
The food was delicious 

One of the best if not the best Dirty Martini I have ever had!!!

Seafood Mixed Grill
Crab Cale
Ahi  Tuna
Alaskan Crab

Traditional style atmosphere 
Great service 
Delicious food
Went our first weekend in Philly. Loved it!  My husband's steak was overcooked, but after the waiter noticed it was taken back and then replaced with a wonderfully cooked filet.  The waiter also brought a glass of wine which was very generous for the trouble.  We were very pleased with the meal.  When we were (actually the in-laws) going to ask for the check, the manager came out and said the filet would be taken off the bill.  Yes they overcooked the filet, but it was obvious this is not something they do often, and they want to make their diners more than happy.  I can't wait to go back!
Super snackalicious. Went to Devon a few weeks ago with my mom for dinner (we do dinner and drinks every week). We were in the mood for something a little more upscale than our usual joints and made the wise choice to dine at Devon. 

Ambience: Very nice without being stuffy. Walking in, my first thought was "this reminds me of New York".  In a good way. I've really enjoyed my snacks here in Philly (for the most part) but this reminded me of home, which was nice. 

Service: The service was quite good. There were a few minor missteps that I probably wouldn't have noticed if I didn't spend so much time working in fine dining, but that irked me nonetheless. Like, not bringing out a separate plate for the mussels appetizer. I shouldn't have to use my bread plate for that. It also struck me as strange that they didn't have any tiny spoons. That would have been nice for my mini creme brulees. Yeah, totally minor and not even worth mentioning, so I probably shouldn't have since it just makes me seem like a jerk. 
Our waitress was very nice, perfectly attentive, just awesome really. She did a pretty wonderful job. We really wanted for nothing for 95% of our visit. 

Drinks: We each had a cocktail while we waited/during the appetizer. I had a Jack & Ginger and mom had a Jameson & Ginger. They were perfectly made. Well, perfectly made for me, but I like a strong-ish drink where you can actually taste the alcohol. 

Wine: We ordered a bottle of Malbec. It was reasonably priced at around 37 dollars. It was tasty. Granted, I could have picked up the same bottle for around 20 (and have in the past), but it still wasn't completely out of line. 

Food: 
So it starts with these biscuit things and butter. The biscuits look like they should be cheddar biscuits, but sadly, they weren't. I really like cheddar biscuits. These were okay, kind of corn biscuit-y but the butter was crazy sweet, like it had honey or something and I wasn't really a fan. There wasn't anything wrong with it, but I didn't really care for it. It could have been because I really wanted the biscuits to magically turn into cheddar ones. 

We had the Blue Hill Bay mussels for an appetizer. There wasn't anything outstanding about the dish, but that's part of what made it so delicious. It was just fresh ingredients, prepared simply and well. It was really well balanced and tasty. 

For our entrees:  My mom had the seared scallops with lemon-asparagus risotto. She said it was wonderful. I had a tiny bite and can say that the risotto was perfectly cooked, deliciously creamy and that the scallops were delicate and wonderful.

I got the filet and crab cake and chose the asparagus and lobster mac & cheese for my sides. I wasn't expecting the filet to have as much pepper on it as it did, but it was really good once I got used to it. The steak was perfectly cooked, like picture perfect. It pleased me greatly. The crab cake was easily one of the best I've ever had. It was just big fat hunks of crab, held together by crab and then cooked. Crabtacular! 

The asparagus was quite good, but it was asparagus, so what can you really say? I like asparagus a lot, but it's rare to have life-changing asparagus. Unless it's wrapped in prosciutto with parmesan cheese and balsamic. But that's a different story. 

The lobster mac & cheese was really hot when it came out. I know that makes total sense, but the mac & cheese wasn't awesome until it was just lukewarm. As it cooled down it went from "meh" to "oh" to "yum" to "omnomnomnom".  Yeah. Serious.

I don't normally order dessert, but sometimes it's appropriate. Especially when there's mini creme brulee on the menu. It's a trio: vanilla, chocolate, orange. I don't like orange very much in desserts so I asked that they just give me two vanilla or two chocolate. They gave me two vanilla. I kind of wish they gave me two (or three) chocolate. The vanilla was a very nice, standard creme brulee with a nice crackly top and good consistency. 
The chocolate had a less ideal consistency...it was more pudding-y than brulee-y. But it tasted phenomenal.It was like Mexican hot chocolate but cold.  It was ridiculous. I could have eaten a giant bowl of it and not been ashamed. (well, maybe a little)

So, yeah. Totally dug the place. Can't afford to eat there all the time (or often at all) but it was definitely worth it. We had a great night, were well fed and drank our fill and the bill (including a ~28% tip) hovered right around $200. Definitely not cheap, but not unreasonable for the quantity and quality of food and bev we enjoyed that evening.
They receive a 1 because my drink was good & the host staff was very sweet. Other than that my server was very rude & the constant short answers & eye rolling after I told her that my fish wasn't good was enough for me to mention her bad attitude by name. Her name is Sarah. She should serve no one. My fish was soggy & my appetizer was served on toasted WHITE BREAD. No flavor. Just plain. No one ever came to table to even find out what happened with my entree..smh..VERY DISAPPOINTED. Sarah alone made this a place I will NOT return to EVER! Go elsewhere. Service & food def is rated as a 1 out of 5 for me.
My family and I went to Devon Seafood Grill for a Mother's Day lunch, and we had a nice experience. To start, our server was amazing! She was very attentive, kind, and gave useful suggestions. The service was so good I wasn't able to tell how busy the restaurant was! 

As far as food goes; the entrees were delicious. I want to highlight the ahi tuna steak and the lobster bisque. I highly recommend these dishes, and I think not getting them is a huge misstep! They were both cooked perfectly and were the two favorite dishes of the table!

My only critique is the appetizers; the calamari and firecracker cauliflower. They were a bit heavy and greasy. I understand they are fried, but I always order calamari out, and it never feels that heavy. I had maybe 1 or 2 of each app, and I wasn't able to eat more. If/when we return, we'll just choose different apps. But overall it was a good experience!
The oysters are really great, a handful of choices, three-stars mainly for the food selection, taste compared to the price. The ambiance is fantastic and the restaurant is sizeable able to accomodate large parties and fancy occasions. 

I came after a workday mainly for some raw oysters. Those did not disappoint. The oysters were very fresh and the pairings of sauces really hit the spot. The oysters are $3 and both east coast. Another fun fact is the complimentary bread is absolutely delicious, so well flavored and cheesy!! 

I do not recommend the lobster mac n cheese, it was disappointing with little cheese and too light for a mac n cheese craving. It was very dry. We had the campanelle, it is a white wine sauce paired with delicious shrimp. I would have steered away from a pasta here because I wanted for seafood, but nothing really stood out to me. We also got the surf and turf which was good but nothing special. I may try a few other places before coming back here, but it is a nice spot to visit again!
I came here yesterday for my birthday dinner! I loved the overall vibe of this place. Surprisingly huge restaurant! The selection of oysters was pretty impressive. Our dinner and appetizers tasted great! It's also pretty loud in here at night on the weekend; so don't expect a quiet candle-lit image.  The reason for 4 stars? Well, our waiter was super friendly and knowledgeable but he would go missing for long periods of time. It was a busy night, so who knows! But I recommend coming here!
What happened??!?!

I loved you, loved you!!

Then something happened.

It wasn't the service, it wasn't the ambiance, it was....something else.

Food.

The last few times I've eaten there the experience has been the same, wonderful service, excellent drinks, incredibly clean and friendly.

However, the food.

Lackluster, bland, cookie-cutter... to say the least.

I stopped in for a very late lunch to give their $21.00 prix fixe lunch a try and luckily it was only $21.00 cause I would have been severely disappointed.

The Spicy Creole Gumbo was tasty but everything after that was not worth the effort.

The Fried Calamari was more stringy fried "other" things than calamari. It feels like it was done in an effort to fill the plate, so you'd not notice there was actually very little calamari on the plate.  Calamari that in my opinion that was simply "ok", not the freshness I've been accustomed to from Devon.

In the past, I've had the Steak Combo for dinner (Steak & Scallops) and was disappointed in the texture and feel of the steak. I have a suspicion that they sous vide the steak and not sear it (or perhaps let the meat sit for a long period of time), resulting in a very soft piece of meat with a slightly odd texture.

So for this lunch, I opted for the Pretzel Crusted Trout w/herb roasted potatoes, haricot vert, frisee, bacon mustard vinaigrette.  Generally, in my opinion, trout is a somewhat meaty fish, this was thin and a bit tasteless. Although the crunchy pretzel was interesting, it wasn't enough to save the dish. mediocre potatoes and beans, the best part of the dish were the bacon mustard vinaigrette.

Desert is included in the $21.00 lunch, so I decided on the Key Lime pie. Wonderfully tart and citrusy, excellent crust....tasty.

Soup and desert.....the best part of the meal.

I'll try Devon again because my daughter loves it, but as for me, it's no longer my number one choice. 

As an aside, my friend had the salmon.
It was an odd looking piece of fish. Something that you'd see out of a "Gordon's" box. Neat little edges, perfect grille marks, dry as a bone. 

Perhaps the time of fresh fish from Devon is in the past?
Came here for Restaurant Week with a friend. Our server was the Amazing Matt. Matt was very attentive to our needs and checked on us frequently, but not to the point where it was annoying. (This has happened to me at other restaurants before). Matt was very familiar with the menu and made excellent wine suggestion for what we had decided to order.

The food was nothing short of delicious. I order the Seared Georges Scallops. They were cooked to perfection. Nothing worse than overcooked rubbery scallops. My friend enjoyed her food as well. I tasted her mashed potatoes that came with her lump crab cake,  and they were creamy and.....yummy. 

I must say that Matt took the experience here at Devon's over the top. One of the best servers I've ever met! When I return to Devon's...which might be next week....I'm requesting a table with Matt!
Location, location, location! Service is very good, attentive without being intrusive. 
Went there for lunch,  food is good, simple but ok. The calamari were crispy and hot, the little bread they served  at the beginning of the menu was flavorful. The shrimps tacos were ok, couldn't appreciate the "grilled" flavor on the shrimps.  Maple salmon was a tad too sweet. Burger was ok, lacking a bit of flavor (maybe just salt....).
The dinner menu is probably more extensive and creative.
Nevertheless, great location, with nice outdoor seating and very good service
This place seemed ok...decided to treat myself to a birthday dinner...worst mistake ever...hostess was racist in my opinion but the server Michelle was great...food was ok definitely not worth the $33 dollar price tag..save your money and go elsewhere...I would have done better going to 
McCormick and Schmidt's ...I won't be back!
I'm so confused how this place has any good reviews. The tables outside are on top of each other, there is no social distancing while waiting and people weren't wearing gloves. I did not feel safe dining here. Also, the tacos did not taste fresh and were cold. The taco shells weren't even toasted and just tasted gummy. The rolls were good, but that was the only positive.
So my husband walked by this place so many times we decided to try it for happy hour. They have a great happy hour for prices in Rittenhouse. For $6 you can get a pretty decently sized lobster roll, which was actually two including a small side of fries. We had fresh oysters for 75 cents each. Their drinks were like $6-$6.50 cocktails and they were yummy. My husband had the Caribbean lemonade and I had a strawberry mojito. All very yummy. Their fresh biscuits were great. I think everybody else had the same idea since it was hard but not impossible to find a seat at the bar. One lady next to me recommended going to their website to sign up for their mailing list. After I signed up I got a $15 coupon for my next dinner and supposedly they give you a coupon for your birthday. I really enjoyed their wide selection of appetizers during happy house, ranged from 6-8 dollars and it included a lot of seafood. This was great. Can't wait to try it for dinner.
Honestly, Devon USED to be amazing! But the year 2021 sees this restaurant desperately trying to live up to its former glory days- kind of sad! Over recent years the quality of nearly everything in this restaurant has gone down hill. The menu is nowhere near as diverse as it used to be, the quality of the food is lackluster if I'm being *nice* about it, the atmosphere is bleak (disgustingly dirty floors, broken glass on light fixtures hanging above you- because that's super safe!, moldy bathroom ceiling tiles, etc.) and the service is just ... whatever. The waitstaff seem nice enough but definitely give off the vibe that they're working for a tyrannical head chef/upper management. My most recent dining experience is what has turned me off from this place forever: extremely wet, sloppy crab cakes that were almost the consistency of pudding. Lobster Mac and cheese that was flavorless. Overall, the entire meal gave myself and everyone I dined with a mild case of food poisoning. Seriously, I am shocked and so sad to see this once delicious establishment turn into a pathetic shell of its former self. The prices and the attitude do not match up with the service and food they provide. Like AT ALL. Lol. If you are looking for a special place to dine, trust me- look anywhere else.


+left this review on google and I think it's suuuuuper interesting how the business owner only replies to positive feedback when the negative reviews are the ones that they should attempt to remedy. Lol.
Went here during Restaurant Week with my best friend for her birthday. We both got the mixed grill which included (1)Crab cake, Salmon, Scallops,Shrimp and mashed potatoes & Asparagus. The salmon was a lil dry but still good. I fell in love with the crab cake and scallops. Also we were giving complimentary biscuits they were similar to Red Lobsters biscuits. The dessert options were limited so I wasn't too impressed. Our server was very nice, put a candle
In my friends dessert and sung happy birthday. Also offered to take some pics of the birthday girl. I would definitely return for that crab cake and scallops.
I LOVE Seafood and this is by far the best place.

My boyfriend took me here for our first date and ever since I fell in love with Devons haha, yes I choose food over anybody any day.

Anyways, I revisited Devons with a friend when we were walking aimlessly through Rittenhouse square and fell in love again with Devons. Although this time I didn't come for Happy Hour, since it was a Saturday, the food was still very fresh and delicious.

First I must comment on their biscuits, it is just soo good, I made a huge mistake by eating it wayy too fast, though I was too embarrassed to ask for seconds.

Secondly, the portions are very generous, and since we snacked before we came here, we ordered 2 appetizers and splits an entree which was perfect, though very very filling.

Finally, the atmosphere, its a hot summer day, so we sat near the window and it is the city so it can get noisy but other than that, the staff is friendly, although our waitress was a bit slow, it was a busy day. I think we enjoyed our food too much to even care about how she was not completely 100% with us.

I must conclude on this note: Seafood is not only fresh here, but it is also put together with different flavors that I would not expect to go well with Seafood. This is a must go! :) And if you have time, try their happy hour!
Hello Devon Seafood Grill, where have you been on all my other trips to Philly? Fresh off the road and checked into the hotel around the corner, Devon was our first stop and best stop of the visit. 

We grabbed a wonderful seat outside to enjoy all the eye candy and park atmosphere on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. It totally helped that our server was a Tom Cruise look alike. He was professional and on point with great recommendations to try. So here we go:

Drinks: Moscow Mule (2x's) I'm a huge MM fan in the summer, they made it with a generous pour and in a copper mule. 

Food:
Seafood Mixed Grill - Highlight of lunch by far everything fresh, hot and tasty(salmon, crab cake, scallop, asparagus, and mashed potatoes) 
Crab Cake Entree - More crab less cake was awesome
Lobster Mac/Cheese - was not eaten after a few bites
Lobster Roll - was a miss also, not enough lobster, bread was very blah and stale

Granted there was some misses on the visit but I would 100% suggest this place to anyone traveling in the area. When you add in good service and most of the food being good it's a plus in my book.
Warning: This is a brunch ONLY review.  I have never been to Devon for a dinner, or lunch.  SO I have NO clue what it's like at those times.  I do know that it often seems somewhat busy.  Which means that people seem to like it, so perhaps those meals are good there. 

I have been to Devon twice now for brunch - and while Parc's omelette's and breads are both fantastic, I really prefer Devon for a good Rittenhouse brunch experience.  Their brunch menu isn't particularly overflowing with brunch options - but the food they do have is great.  There are usually 4 - 5 egg based options  and then either a pancake or a french toast option.   Additionally, complimentary cinnamon twists and biscuits are brought to each table for each guest to enjoy.  Those cinnamon twists are to die for.  I wish I could buy them on the regular - unfortunately those are made ONLY for brunch time meals.  

I don't particularly find their juice and coffee selection to be plentiful or all that great - though my friends who have had mimosas there are generally pleased.  

The french toast and the eggs benedict are both excellent.  I recommend going here for brunch - most people don't so seating is EASY.
I've only been here once during happy hour and was seriously impressed! Lots of restaurants offer happy hours, but what I find really dishonest is when a restaurant puts lower quality offerings (not found on their regular menu) or smaller portion sized plates on their happy hour menu. I am glad Devon's DOES NOT do this and actually offers discounts off of good dishes from their regularly priced menu. This shows a restaurant is proud of their food and isn't just trying to get you in the door with some BS cheap eats.

Anyway, I came here because I was CRAVING oysters! Seriously come here for HH if you love raw oysters. I don't know why everyone seem to rush to the crowded Oyster House, 2 blocks away, but Devon Seafood Grill definitely has a better oyster happy hour! Why? 

First of all, if you want to try a variety of different types from all over the US, then this is the place to do it at a buck a shuck. The day I visited, Devon's had 4 types of oysters in and was offering them all for $1 each! I like that Devon's actually gives you a deal off of "exotic" oysters on their regular menu. Each type of oyster tastes very different; some are briny, others are more sweet, so with a variety, you're bound to find one you like. It won't break the bank trying a variety either. This is a MUCH better deal compared to the Oyster House, which has this gimmicky happy hour where they only serve James River oysters or whatever the cheap oyster of the day is. The James River is a "mild" oyster has NO flavor what so ever and isn't even offered on the Oyster House's regular menu. I'm glad Devon's doesn't do the bait and switch.

Don't want oysters? Devon's also offer a good appetizer menu with a GENEROUS regular portion size for $7 (reg price usually around $13). The portion size really surprised me. Usually HH apps are stingy sized like tapas. The waiter told me the HH app menu is pretty much the same as the regular app menu with the exception of three items.

Second of all, happy hour (for food) starts a 4pm, instead of 5pm, so it lasts an hour longer! Happy hour for drinks still start at 5pm.

Third of all, there was plenty of seating and no, you DON'T have to fight for a seat at the bar to enjoy happy hour. You can sit at a table if you want to.

I especially enjoyed the generous helpings of condiments that came with each order of oysters. The vinegar sauce was delicious and so was the cocktail sauce! They tasted uniquely house-made. Love lemon juice on your seafood? They give you HALF a lemon instead of a quarter wedge. Little details like this matter a lot to me. Good quality condiments really help with balancing the flavor of the oysters and the presentation. I especially loved the little cute bottles of tabasco. 

At the time of this writing, I was able to check in on Yelp and got my table a free order of calamari appetizer. I had no problems using it. This made me super happy because the calamari was a generous portion and free (usually $7 during HH). Calamari is my to-go dish at every restaurant that offers it--probably got calamari at 20+ different restaurants in my lifetime--and Devon's has the best one I've had in a while. The calamari wasn't just plain boring rubbery squid rings. They put some special blend of spices into the batter (can't pin point exactly what) and also fried up some shredded carrots and jalapenos to add flavor and color to the dish. The batter wasn't too thick either and had a good flakiness to it. What took the dish over the top was the dipping sauces, a tangy aioli and vinegar. I hate it when restaurants just serve boring chipotle tartar sauce or marinara sauce with calamari (or in Asian restaurants, garlic chilli thai sauce). Again, the Devon's put special detail into the sauces. I am thoroughly impressed.

I was curious and ordered the chilled lobster claws. I was not a fan; the claws were tiny and the texture of the claw meat was slightly more grainy. I would not recommend it.

Service was good and the waiter was happy to answer questions and checked on us frequently enough but not so frequently to the point where it would be annoying. I need to come back here for a full fledged dinner, but I definitely had a very happy two hours eating oysters to my heart's content!

Lastly, why 4 stars and not 5? 2 things. Some of the oysters I got were not good quality as in I got a couple "half-formed" oysters with no meat in it (see photo). The shuckers should have thrown them out and not served them. This is one thing the Oyster House seems to do better. They make sure the oyster meat fills the shell. I could also see a potential for bad service here. The hostess at the front door seemed snappy and didn't make eye contact. The other lady that seated my friend and I just took a menu and walked off (meaning for us to follow her) but didn't say a word to us and didn't ask where we would like to be seated. It was awkward. Smiling, eye contact, and proper communication would be appreciated.
Restaurant Week! Great food options at such a great price. Of course i can't just do the special menu. I had the lobster bisque, caesar salad, and oysters. All options were great! My brothers also had the calamari and gumbo very tasty. Entrees   Came out in rapid time. Dante was a great server and provided us with quality service. I for sure will be back again.
Restaurant week and be careful here because they do not have safe covid practices.  Alot of them serving food no mask on just breathing on the plates. We sent ours back just disappointed. Asked for a refill which never got than the waitress when I brought to her attention never even apologized for forgetting.  The place is going downhill definitely not upscale. The crem bulee almost made me vomit.
Devon came highly recommended to me by two people of rather selective tastes, and I'm glad to say that their high standards did not fail me, it was an overall pleasant experience. 

I made a reservation through OpenTable and despite being about 10 minutes early was seated promptly. Instead of the complimentary bread bowl, a waiter came by with a delicious biscuit for each of us. I honestly wish I was brazen enough to have asked for a few more. The biscuits aren't an explosion of flavor like Red Lobster's, but were instead lighter while still being flavorful, and with a subtle hint of sweetness.

My dinner partner ordered a glass of white wine and the lobster bisque as a starter. She praised the bisque for being delicious and not too heavy. 

For our entrees, I ordered the seafood mixed grill, and she had the crab cakes. Yes, their crab cakes really are worth the hype. In the past, I've tended to avoid crab cakes because for some reason I thought of them merely as unsophisticated pub food, but Devon's crab cakes, my goodness. They made me feel like I'd just cracked open a crab, shaped a small plateau of crab meat on my plate, and then taken a bite out of it in guilty satisfaction after being reprimanded for playing with my food. Is that what crab cakes are supposed to make you feel? Regardless, Devon deserves its title as having the best crab cakes in Philadelphia. 

The reason for the 4-star review though is because the shrimp and salmon were dry, and I always take a star off for dry salmon. What's more, I thought I almost broke off part of my tooth chewing a piece of one of the scallops (not the meat, just an unfortunately located tiny piece of shell). Not to worry though, Devon made it up to me with dessert. I ordered the creme brulee and my friend ordered the mango and peach sorbet. The sorbet was so fresh (and so clean clean) and definitely tasted homemade. A wonderfully light dessert for the summer. But I'm not going to lie, I wasn't trying to be light, and the creme brulee knew it. It provided my taste buds with the perfect contrast between rich creme and brittle caramelized sugar. I ate half of it and brought the other half to the office for lunch dessert the next day. Guilty pleasures abound.

Anyway, Devon's is a great seafood option in the lovely Rittenhouse Square, and last perk is they validate parking! Yippee!
It was a beautiful day outside on a Sunday afternoon. The kind of day that is perfect for grabbing a bite while people watching in Rittenhouse, so my group ventured out to find an al fresco table. It shouldn't be too difficult to find a table at 3:30 in the afternoon, but Parc and Rouge couldn't accommodate. We ended up at Devon.

We had the option of ordering from the brunch or Restaurant Week menu until 4pm. Happy hour and dinner didn't start until for another half hour. The Restaurant Week menu looked very promising, and with 5 in our group, we would be able to try all the items on the menu.

Biscuits: very rich, moist, and fluffy. The soft, whipped butter with honey was appreciated, but not needed. (5/5)

Main Lobster Bisque: good, but salty. (3/5)

Caesar Salad: generic. (3/5)

Lobster Spaghetti: this dish was the main reason we went with the Restaurant Week menu. Total fail. The noodles were old and overcooked and came in assortment of lengths from 1 to 12 inches. The lobster was tough. The sauce was watery and lacked flavor. And to top it off, the dish spent way too much time under the heatlamp. It was not fresh. The plate was extremely hot and the noodles on top were dry and chewy. We ordered 2 of these. Both were the same. (0/5)

Flat Iron Steak: we called for well-done because 1 of us is pregnant. Came out medium well. Underseasoned. Mashed potatoes and asparagus were fine. (3/5)

Grilled Shrimp Salad: dry, overcooked shrimp (2/5)

Red Fish: dry, overcooked, and underseasoned. Fingerling potatoes we cooked to a golden brown crust, but ended up soggy and chewy because of the broth they were sitting in. Leek purée no where to be seen. (1/5)

Mixed Berries: blackberries, strawberries, and blueberries in creme anglaise. Berries were fresh. Sauce was thin and pooled at the bottom of the bowl. Highlight of the meal! (4/5)

Chocolate Velvet Cake: good, but not any better than a supermarket cake. (3/5)

Strawberry Shortcake: dry and crumbly. Ice cream and fresh berries saved it. (2/5)

I can't believe that this restaurant specializes in seafood! I've had better seafood and meals at TGI Fridays. Highlights were fresh berries and biscuits.
My fiancé & I love dining at  Devon. 

That being said...

Myself, my Mom, sister and my 6 year old niece were hanging out having a girls day in Rittenhouse. We stopped in for a light bite and drink at 3:30 on a Saturday to escape the rain and were treated like complete outcasts. 
After sitting at a high top & being ignored for 10 minutes, I stopped one of the workers who happened to be our server. Our server alerted us that he was upset we were, "sitting in his dinner section". I l alerted him we had money to spend & wanted to order some drinks & food, he slightly changed his tone. 
I get it. Devon isnt a kids scene. After the way we were treated, I will think twice about dropping $150-$200 for dinner/drinks
Just had an unbelievable experience at this restaurant. We called ahead to see how long the wait was, and we were told an hour and a half for a party of 7. We walk down the street to the actual restaurant and my brother in law goes inside to get our name down on the wait list. At this point, he was told by Michelle (a hostess) the restaurant was completely booked. We explained that this wasn't what was told to us on the phone. The staff was less than apologetic or helpful in any manner. My brother in law asked to speak with the GM as the degenerates that were working the host stand were snobby and rude. They handed him the card for the CHEF. I don't know if they were hoping he was illiterate or just stupid, but he spotted the discrepancy and asked for the proper card to which one of Michelle's little biddie friends scoffed at and said, "maybe you should have made a reservation." Are you even kidding me right now?? You can sit on a stick and SPIN BABY if you think this is an acceptable way to conduct business. I understand that restaurants become full and may not be available. But I also understand the benefit of humility that comes with interacting with people, especially in the customer service industry. Sadly, a bunch of twits standing behind a wooden podium ruined any chance of my family and I wanting to eat here. Glad to be here in the City of Brotherly Love.
There were 7 of us, hungry and a little tipsy from just leaving happy hour.  Needless to say, we were also not the quietest bunch in the place.  Let's just say the service was excellent, especially considering they had to put up with a bunch of loud guys.

To start out the evening we had Calamari, Mussels, and Clams for appetizers.  For the main course I decided on the Chilean Sea Bass.  Everything was delicious, seasoned just right, and fresh.  The menu offers a large selection of items so deciding on what to order can be a challenge.  Some of the guys chose the sampler platter which offers a variety of items including salmon, a crab cake, and scallops.  The wine selection is very good and will have something for everyone.

As for desert, well, we were too full so we had to skip it.  It'll have to wait for the next time I'm in Philly.
The only reason I give Devon 4 stars instead of 5 is because of their watered down drinks from the bar.  If you are going to drink, make it beer or wine because they may as well give you cranberry juice mixed with water for a vodka cranberry.

On to the food-the caesar salad is always yummy and i think they have the best crabcakes in town.  The service is always good and the place is always vibrant.
I was actually really impressed by the food, but maybe not for the prices on some of the dishes. I respect a healthy price on fish considering our geographic location, and I have to say that I've never had such buttery-smooth scallops (okay, I've also only ever had scallops once because I don't trust seafood this inland)! The shrimp and scallop rigatoni had regular pasta as well as some stuffed with cheese, which is always a fan favorite. The shrimp was expertly cooked, and the entire dish was full of lemony flavor that complimented the protein. There was even a decent flavor profile in the artichoke, so when you get a nice, big mouthful of everything, you almost forget the price point.

And if no one tells you to eat the bread, they're obviously doing you a disservice (unless you're vegan, I guess).
This place is amazing. I highly recommend. They had these delicious biscuits they serve fresh when you sit down. They taste like a red lobster cheese biscuit that was made fresh and homemade bit a little heavy on the pepper. They also have a wide array of delicious specialty drinks that were all great the food is amazing too. I had the seafood sampler that came with salmon, shrimp and scallops. My only downfall is they have very little of the scallops I believe I had like 1 or 2 scallops should be minimum like 3 or 4. Other than that everything was super flavorful. Service was unfortunately sub par though.
Went here last night with a party of 9 for a family birthday celebration and could not have been more disappointed.

Our poor experience started right as soon as we called for a reservation. We asked about a private room, given the size of our party. The woman who took our reservation told us that there was one other large party who was booked for a reservation around the same time, but they didn't specifically ask for a private room so she "didn't see why we couldn't have it".... when we arrived, we found we had been lied to and there was no private room available. We were seated at a rectangular table in the loud main dining room, making conversation between members of our party at opposite ends of the table nearly impossible.

The service was very mediocre... Iced Teas and Waters remained unfilled for 10-15 minutes at a time and our waitress didn't come back to check on our table between taking our orders and delivering the appetizers, or after delivering our main courses (we had to flag her down to report issues), however she was very friendly and clearly meant well; it just seemed like she had too many tables to provide the service you expect at a restaurant charging these types of prices.

The food itself was extremely inconsistent. 

Appetizers were for the most part good; nothing particularly memorable, but a satisfying start to the meal. 

Entrees were absolutely horrible though. My mother's Mixed Seafood Grill was ruined with a HEAVY coating of cajun seasoning. She absolutely cannot tolerate spicy foods, and would not have ordered it if it was noted anywhere on the menu that it would be cajun-spiced. But there was no such note, nor did our waitress let her know. I've never in my life seen a "surprise" cajun-spiced dish before. Pretty ridiculous. Unfortunately, the chef's heavy-handed seasoning didn't stop there. The arctic char, cod and black cod were all ruined with way too much salt and pepper. Even the sides were not done properly.... the lobster mac and cheese was lacking big time in lobster (two extremely small pieces were all i could find in the entire dish) and cheese (there was only a thin cream sauce in my dish... no melty cheese to speak of) and consequently was lacking any flavor. And my second side, the broccolini, came out ice cold. By the time the waitress was flagged down and a replacement order of broccolini came out, everyone had finished their meal.

Normally after such a poor experience we would have passed on dessert, but we had two birthdays we wanted to celebrate. One of our birthday girls wanted strawberry shortcake, but of course they were out, so she settled for homemade ice cream, which flavor-wise was pretty good but contained chips of ice which made it gritty and ruined the texture. We also shared the cookie box, which was good.

One final lovely experience on the way out... after asking about parking and being told on the phone when we made our reservation that "Devon Seafood Grill does not validate parking", we saw a couple exiting in front of us having their parking validated. When we inquired with the hostess, we were told that we had parked in the wrong garage and that they couldn't validate our ticket.... how the hell were we supposed to know what lot to park in when the person answering their phone lied and said they don't validate?!?

TL;DR
-Food was mediocre to bad 
-Service wasn't great
-Hostess out and out lied to us about 2 different items
-You can do a heck of a lot better for seafood in Philly
We looked this place up and this was the first place we went to our first night in Philadelphia. We are so happy we dined here first. The service here was phenomenal from the moment you reach the hostess stand to being seated. Prior to arrival I was worried about the attire, but hubby advised I was fine. 

Hubby made dinner reservations for about after 6. We walked to this fabulous establishment from our hotel which was less than 10 minutes away on foot. 

The hostess greeted us, and all of their staff was gracious to us. The atmosphere was very retro, that NY subway glam feel (like the Empire State Building). I loved the decor and the open feel. We decided to dine indoors, even though they provided outdoor seating.

We were seated not far from the outside seating, and enjoyed the fresh air while enjoying the sights and sounds around us. 

We were given our menus, and hubby said get whatever you want. So I decided to order the calamari as our appetizer. For drinks, hubby had the Manhattan and I had a Moscow mule. Shout out to the chefs and bartenders. They did not leave you hanging. The drinks were perfect and made me feel like I need to step up home bartending skills up. 

For our main course we both had the Seafood Mixed Grill. Everything, and I mean everything just made our mouth sing. Each bite of food was like tasting heaven. The crabcake may have not been like a true Maryland crabcake, but it packed flavor and had no filler. 

We even had room for dessert, so we both had the creme brulee. I love fresh creme brulee.  Nothing beats that fresh taste of fresh vanilla bean. 
 
We truly highly recommend this restaurant if are visiting or are local. 

(Due to some technical issues, I cannot post pics, but will at a later time)
Good place for brunch in the heart of Rittenhouse Square.

A seating near the front by the windows was picturesque.  The Yelp check in appetizer of Fried Calamari was tasty and quick to the table after placing the order.

A recommendation from the waitress on the Grilled Atlantic Salmon was spot on.  I asked for a sear on the Grilled Salmon and it was perfect.  The Salmon has a perfect set of grill marks and seemed to have been brined as the flesh wasn't dry.  A set of Grilled Asparagus and Garlic Mashed sides were perfect.

The only negative was having to find metered parking even on a Sunday near Rittenhouse Square.
After another long day of sightseeing in Philly, my hubby and I wanted to go to a nice sit down seafood restaurant near our hotel in Rittenhouse Square. We were walking to Rittenhouse Square Park and stumbled on this place so we decided to have dinner then and there. 

We weren't super hungry, but we were in the mood for quality food. We checked in and to our delight we had a yelp offer for a free appetizer! Heck YES! 

We ordered 2 lobster bisques and we shared the clam linguine. The bisques came as a bowl with a few lobster pieces on the plate and from a creamer container they poured the bisque. I thought it was kinda limited but to my surprise it was filling! Our calamari came out a few minutes after and after we were done with that we were so full!

To my delight, our linguine was split into two small bowls and it was light and tasty. No cream sauce or strong wine sauce, it was garlicky and clam-tasting, just the way I like it! So yummy! 

The service was EXCELLENT. Our waitress was very attentive and refilled our beverages without us even asking once. LOVE. She was super polite and sweet, just delightful. 
I also loved that they didn't charge for a split plate, unlike some places. 

Would definitely recommend this place and if we're ever in Philly again, we would definitely come here again!
Ended up here thanks to some poor planning (blaming this on my friend, as I plan everything well in advance).

But they were nice enough to accommodate a table for 5 in 15mins at 8:30 on a Friday. My friend suggested this should have been our first warning.

Got there and the place was big and still packed. Everyone was a bit dressy but I'm told thats to be expected on Rittenhouse Square.

Grabbed a drink at the bar waiting for our friends to arrive and table to be ready and all was fine and good.

Then came the wine selection. The wine menu left a lot to be desired. If you walk into a seafood restaurant and the largest portion of the wine menu is Cabs... Houston... we may have a problem.

That wasn't the bad part. When the waiter brought our wine, he brought some glasses that smelled like wet dog. No joke. They were foul! I asked him to replace them and he did. (Second attempt still had one or two smelly ones, and we finally got it right on the third attempt).

There was an issue with their fryers that night. And I am actually ok with this and willing to forgive. But was there an issue with the dishwasher as well???

Our waiter was very nice and accommodating on all of the above. And I have never had to send back a single wine glass before, ever, except maybe for a chip at the rim or something.

Food came. Shrimp tacos appetizers were spicy and delicious. But my Crabcake main course left a lot to be desired. Bland, without a proper crust (didn't have to be breaded but the things looked pale on my plate).

All in, not the type of food and experience I would expect for triple-digit bill per person.
I've always heard great things so I was excited to take advantage of restaurant week to experience what all of the hype was about.  Two stars for the ambience and the service.  The food, however, was mediocre at best.  I had the 3 course meal: lobster bisque, scallops with risotto, and chocolate cake for dessert.  The lobster bisque was ice cold, tasteless, and watery.  The scallops/risotto was incredibly bland and the portion size tiny - 4 baby scallops and maybe a tablespoon of risotto. I was pretty turned off after the cold soup so I didn't even bother eating the cake.  With a glass of beer and tip, the total was $53.  I felt tremendously cheated paying even this discounted, restaurant-week rate.  I couldn't fathom paying their regular price for this fare, which was akin to something you might get at Red Lobster.  And it's been many years since I ate at a Red Lobster but I remember, at the very least, they served adult-sized portions, and had salt and pepper readily available at the table to help spruce things up.  I wouldn't go back unless I was absolutely starving, there were no other options, and someone else was treating.
Scallops and mushroom risotto, yes please! It was cooked perfectly and tasted great! 

The wine by the glass selection was poor, I can get most of these wines at Trader Joes by my house. When I go out to dinner I want to try new wines that I can't typically find!! 

The biscuits that they give you before dinner were ok but very dry, although the butter was very good. My biscuit crumbled a little too much, it was too dry and awkward to eat in front of a business group. 

I would give my meal a 4-5 star but the server wasn't that great and told my coworker that she couldn't order her tuna the way she wanted it even though she had been there twice before and ordered it that same way. The server finally said she would ask about it and then never came back but brought the tuna out how she wanted it, she must have realized she was wrong. 

Overall its a decent seafood place.
Went to Devon's after the whole Irene ordeal for some happy happy hour. 

I left happy alright. Half off bottles of wine and cheap appetizers.
Probably the first time I've been completely satiated by every course of a restaurant week meal! 

First, the waiter was very good, tho seemed to be a bit harried by the extra restaurant week crowd. He did wait around to make sure the steak was cooked to his liking, recommended a good wine, and didn't rush us at all. The place itself is much bigger inside than it seems, and has a nice relaxed but classy feel to it. (I hadn't been there since I was a kid and it was Houlihan's with the big wood bear statue in the entrance. Aw...)

The house salad was delicious, and probably also the first time I've finished a salad; mixed greens with a light vinaigrette, pine nuts, goat cheese, dried cranberries and grape tomatoes. The salmon was cooked really well and so good with the butternut squash risotto. Even though I didn't really have any room left, I couldn't leave a single bite of the lava cake, which came with ice cream in a praline cup with those little round wafer cookies I can never remember the name of. 
My hubby had the chowder, the steak, and the cheesecake, and we happily rolled our way home.
I have dined twice this month at Devon and each time it rained. Booooo!! Staff have mask on. I would like to see them wear gloves. 

Parking: You already know! It's Center City. 

Seating: Outdoor due to Covid-19. The tables are very small. If you have more than 2 people it will be hard to have drinks and food on the table. 

Service: Both times I dined here my Server was Zully. She is pleasant, nice and accomidating. She also gas a great memory; she remembered me last night from two weeks before. 

Food: I had the seafood mix grill I think it's called.  I call it a lil bit of. It came with salmon, scallops, shrimp, a crab cake and two sides. I chose asparagus and the lobster mac(an upcharge). Everything was ok. My salmon was overcooked so it was a little dry. I would have liked more flavor. The lobster mac wasn't creamy enough.  Once I took it home and seasoned it up, I was good to go.

Drinks: I started with Titos and pineapple however once I sipped my cousin's raspberry lemonade alcohol beverage, I switched with the quickness. Very good!  Sorry no pics, I'd rather drink than snap photos. Lol

Overall I like Devon and will continue to go back with specific instructions for my salmon. 

Enjoy!
First time checking out this place and i liked it!!!
It is hard for me to try it due to its location... near rouge, parc and my fav steakhouse.
However today i was in a seafood mood and decided to check it out after reading all the good reviews. Place is large as the have a hidden lower section that you cannot see from outside. The food was really good, i had the salmon with mash potato and the bread was good too.
Here you can- Fine dine at the seating tables indoors or outdoors, or at the bar for lunch or dinner.  Just grab a drink at the bar or al fresco. Meet up with friends,  family, coworkers or clients, or enjoy solo.

Located along a row of restaurants across from Rittenhouse Square Park, Devon's available al fresco seating makes for a great place to people watch, on any seasonal afternoon or evening.  
Oysters are always fresh and the Lobster Bisque is excellent.  

My ratings are based on a 5 star scale. Where 1 star is tragic and 5 star is Ouwww terrific!  

Overall ratings- 5 star
Customer service- 5 star. Always very professional. 
Food taste- 4 stars. The lobster Bisque is excellent but some of the fish dishes could be a tad better. 
Food portions- 4 stars
Cleanliness- 4.5 stars
Decor- 4 stars.  Upscale but a little out dated.
Ambiance- 5 star The bar is semi social during happy hour. The Al fresco is excellent for people watching and enjoying a nice afternoon or evening with park views.
After walking up and down 18th trying to decide on a restaurant, we went with Devon because they were advertising candy for trick-or-treaters and my uncle can never turn down free food. It was pretty empty when we arrived at 10, but filled up not too long into our meal. 

With a check-in we got a free heaping plate, and I mean heaping, of calamari to start off with. I was seriously almost full just off of that, but my uncle and I make it a habit to splurge on food when we go out together, so of course there was more food to try out. We also got fries, which were shoe string, for an appetizer as well. Not amazing, but not awful. We also ordered the risotto special. I don't do risottos but Devon's was delicious. 

I will start by saying that their mimosa, while delicious, is steep for $11. Or maybe I just haven't paid for a mimosa in a while (usually byob for brunch)...but I just felt that price was a bit much. 

They kept our table full with bread, as we're both bread eaters and will fully take advantage of free portions. However, they also gave us free sweet rolls and cinnamon rolls. They were giving these to every table, which is a real treat. I loved that particular service. 

On to the mains. I am still jealous of my uncle's brunch. I originally came seeking breakfast food while he said he wanted lunch food. Somehow I ordered a burger and he ordered the belgian waffles. Excuse me as I weep for my stupidity.

The bacon and cheese burger I had was bland. I had to request mayo to compensate for the lack of flavors and even then I wasn't at all impressed. I did get the lobster mac & cheese as my side, which was delicious so that at least wasn't a total meal disappointment. However...I took a bite of my uncle's belgian waffles and was in heaven. Seriously- coming for brunch? MAKE SURE to order the belgian waffles. Fluffy, nutella whip cream, fresh tart berries- just everything your taste buds are craving.  

The service was great and the ambiance is fantastic, though I sort of found the tvs playing sports center a bit out of place. All around fantastic.
This place is awesome. Very high class and very highly oriented. I went there with my two friends and what I wore was a polo shirt and shorts. Wasn't really planning on eating at such fancy restaurant but I was hungry while I was on the area so I thought I'll try something new. So I went in, no one judged us of what we wore. I thought, considering how the neighborhood is. Especially in the middle of Rittenhouse Square, I would expect the customers to wear a suit or something formal to eat in such restaurant.

Anyway, the seafood was fresh. The crabcake and the lobster were my most favorite. The waiters are well trained. Considering of how they explained every single thing happened that day. The specials, the menu today, and descriptions of the food that we ordered.

This place is the place that i would go to everyday when I'm really rich. Considering the price, you know...
Great service, great food. I had the Jumbo Lump Crab Melt with slaw and fries. The fries were nice and crisp with seasoning. This is exactly how I love my fries. I love the Rittenhouse Square location, although it's never fun trying to park in Center City. Luckily I used to live in the area, so it wasn't so painful. I only wish we had gotten the biscuits since the other reviews rave about how awesome they are.

I would love to come back and try more of their food. Highly recommended.
