Olives and cheeses and meats, oh my! Di Bruno Brothers is pretty rad on a normal day, but my Love and I got to experience the after-hours magic and boy, were we happy.

For $70 per person, you have the entire store to yourself between the hours of 7:00 PM through 9:00 PM (advance reservations are a must, along with a deposit). There were 10 of us in total and we felt that it was just the right amount of people. The friendly and funny cheese mongers put together numerous plates of cheeses, cured meats, olives, nuts, and even chocolates for us to sample. They explained the rationale behind the pairings as they went along, so essentially, this is not only a food-based event but it's educational also! 

Happen to see a bag of breadsticks on the shelf that you feel compelled to try? Hand it over to the mongers and they'll open it for you. Literally, you can sample anything in the store. And you'll receive a discount on anything you purchase that night also. We purchased some cocoa covered almonds that didn't stand a chance in our home. Fantastic!

The highlight of the event was sampling a very special prosciutto that runs about $100 per pound. Perhaps the pig was a gift from heaven? It must have been, as it was melt-in-your-mouth delish.

The funniest aspect of the evening were the passers-by who tried to enter the store and join the party. Tough noogies! Book your own event and experience the indulgence yourselves :)

Bring your favorite alcohol and bring your favorite foodies. Great night out in South Philadelphia!
If you want high quality Italian cheeses, deli meats and imported pasta's and tomatos this is where you come to in Philadelphia's Little Italy Market District. When I say top quality I mean exceptionally high quality, you will almost be force fed samples of cheeses and deli items and for good reason, you try you buy! The cheeses are simply out of this world but worth every penny, the home made sausages are exquisite especially the cheese broccoli-rabe sausage, oh my goodness bought a ton. Don't miss the market with it's coffee shops and restaurauts when visiting Philadephia.
What is this cheesy wonderland I find myself perusing?! What a delightful spot. From the tempting cheese, all sorts of gourmet little jars of things, authentic Italian meats, and phenomenal staff, everything at Di Bruno is perfection. While it can be a tad overwhelming for the average cheese enthusiast, there's always an employee close by to make a recommendation. I had a wine and cheese party to attend and had the good fortune of meeting Benny the cheese man who let me try a few tastes and made perfect recommendations for my party. He even helped me pair some delicious cheese with a cranberry chutney that was nothing short of a culinary delight. This is the kind of spot where myself, or really any other foodie, can spend hours and an entire paycheck. But I regret nothing! And plan go back quite regularly.
Cheese, glorious cheese!
Asiago and ricotta!
While we're in the mood:
Taleggio and motta!
Please rasco and fontina!

Cheese, glorious cheese!
Always willing to try it.
Three kilos a day.
My favorite diet!

Just picture a great salami --
Tied, hanging, what treats!
Oh, meats,
Wonderful meats,
Marvelous meats,
Glorious meats.

Meats, glorious meats!
What is there more handsome?
Gulped, swallowed, or chewed;
Still worth a king's ransom.
What is it we dream about?
What brings on a sigh?
Piled proscuitto and speck, 
About six feet high!

Noods, glorious noods!
Eat right through the venue.
Just loosen your belt
Two inches and then you
Work up a new appetite
In this interlude.
The ziti,
Once again, penne
Fabulous gnocchi,
Glorious noods.

Olives, glorious olives!
Don't care what they look like --
Gaeta!
Lugano!
Kalamata!
Don't care what they cook like.
Just thinking of growing fat,
My senses go reeling.
One moment of knowing that
Full-olive feeling!

Oil, glorious oil!
What wouldn't I give for
That extra virgin pour,
That's all that I live for.

Oh, food,
Magical food,
Di Bruno food,
Marvelous food,
Fabulous food,
Italian food,
Glorious food.

Plot summary: Di Bruno Brothers made me feel like Oliver and company, only I was allowed to have some more, and some more, and as much as I wanted.  Picked up a luxuriously soft ball of fresh mozzarella and some Riker's Landjaeger -- "beef jerky" sausage -- for husband because it supposedly goes great with beer.  Who could argue?  Prices may be more than you'd pay at your boring chain grocery, but supporting independent grocers makes me happy.  Everything in this store is impeccable from the peppadew to the parmesan; they let you sample *any* of their hundreds of olive oils; the service is super friendly.  

And since cheese and antipasti are two of my most beloved food groups, I've found my Mecca.  Please, sir?  May I have some more?
What's not to love about this Di Bruno Bros.? Its location in the Italian Market dates back 75 years. Though small, this may be my favorite location of all - the curated selection is top quality and allows you to get in and get out with everything you need. The cheesemongers are the best. I could walk through that store and not even look at the cheese and they will still offer a slice of whatever is being featured that day. (Note: When in Di Bruno, I always purchase cheese.)

Last year my fiancé and I took our families to Di Bruno After Hours, which is when the shop closes and you have the entire place to yourselves. You bring the wine and beer, Di Bruno hooks it up with cheese galore and various snacks. Even my stepdad, a man whose personal constitution involves something about pledging allegiance only to American cheese, found things to enjoy. 

Here's to 75 more years!
Those Di Bruno Bros are alright!

Winding down our time at the Italian market, we decided to stop in and get some snacks for dinner, but it looked like the rest of Philly had the same idea based on the crowd inside!

Di Bruno Bros staff are top notch, not only explaining everything you could imagine with the thing you're pointing at behind the counter, but also in giving you great pairing advice if you want one thing to go with another.

We got the following things:

Blue cheese
Parmesan Cheese
liver pate
Prosciutto 

Man this was some good stuff!  Cheese is excellent, coming from "the house of cheese".  The blue cheese was both creamy and had these little crunchy ends to it which made me smile every time I took a bite.  The Parmesan was also fresh and really popped with flavor.

As for the meats, i'd never tried pate before Di Bruno Bros, but how delicious!  The prosciutto wrapping the blue cheese was some of the best things we'd eaten in Philly.  

Everything we sampled was fresh, and even if you weren't sure about a cheese or a cured meat, they'd happily slice a little off for you to try, and try we did.  I really didn't taste anything I didn't like.  The problem, it seems, was making a selection!

I didn't know what I was expecting when I walked in, but if I lived in the area, i'd be at Di Bruno Bros several times a month for snacks.  If you're in the Italian market, or even if you're not (they have a website), check these Bros out!
This is a very specific review.... you see, in honor of my 26th birthday (and, of course, my own personal Year of Cheese), I decided to celebrate with eight close friends at none other than Di Bruno Brothers' Italian Market location for our very own After Hours party. If you're a foodie who has at least 7 friends (or can find 7 strangers who have some dollars to spend on a culinary adventures), you can hit up DB's Italian Market location for a most incredible evening.

Here are the deets: For two hours, from 7pm-9pm, after the store has closed, you and your 7 buddies (you can add more if you'd like, though it's a small store so I wouldn't push it too far) can grab any beverages you want (we went with wine and beer) and are invited on a cheese and cured meats tour de force presented by the mongers. You can sample cheeses that aren't on the prescribed cheese journey, but pace yourself because the samples may seem small, but the richness is big, and the flavors go hard on the tongue.

The epicurean excursion begins with a cheese spread (a very spicy one initially) while your guests arrive. You can explore the diverse racks of ingredients and items and think of what you're going to buy (and I say this because you're definitely going to buy something. You get a 10% discount on everything you purchase that night, so choose wisely.) 

After the spread, you face another spread. That spread is any and every olive imaginable. Stuffed with everything from gorgonzola to feta to peppers to prosciutto. I wouldn't call myself an olive fan.... that was before my night at DB Brothers.My personal favorites were the gorgonzola stuffed and the peppers stuffed with provolone and prosciutto.

And then, the formal tasting began.

What could be more formal than a ball of burrata drizzled with the fanciest olive oil known to mankind and sprinkled with this insane red (lava?) salt. I may have had my fair share (and two other people's share) of this. Next, our mongers jammed some peppadew peppers with Capricho de Cabra, an unreal goat cheese, then drizzled the whole thing with chestnut honey and sprinkled with DB's infamous Black Lava Cashews. That may sound like an aggressive description for an appetizer. Well, it was an aggressive flavor explosion.

We were presented with different types of prosciutto, a pairing of cheeses and meats to go with the cool beers I brought (I called ahead to let them know the styles, and they said you could do this with wine, too!)  I would do this again in a heartbeat. It worked out to be about $50 per person (this was in 2013, I don't know if the prices are the same), and we each came away with a Di Bruno reusable tote, full bellies, a take-home treat (each person's was different) and 10% discount on all the goodies we picked up that night. That, to me, feels like a deal.
The Yelp reviews may have led me to Di Bruno Bros. but it was the cheese samples that made me linger. 

Holy cheese selection. I was in heaven. My only regret? That I had a plane to catch the next day with no means of toting around half a dozen hunks of specialty cheeses. From the oozing, spoonable cheeses rolled in tree bark to cheeses that make you think of brussel sprouts, in a good way- they have it all. If I lived in Philly, this would be my go-to spot for charcuterie and cheese boards before parties (did I mention they have nuts and antipasto too?). 

The cherry on top? The staff was super attentive despite being busy and knowing we were out-of-towners only looking to purchase a few snacks. I saved the label of my cheese and can't wait to flash it around to the cheese experts in Indy. Five stars. No doubt about it. 

Love,
Queso Me Crazy
The mozarella fresh
The salami and speck delicious. 
The bread soft
The sun-dried tomatoes stuffed in olives good
The anchovies excellent
The price EH
Wow, I'm reading the glowing reviews here and am surprised to see that more people weren't subjected to the rude,  downright terrible service that I received at my first (and last) visit to this shop.

I'm a newbie to cheese, and still discovering what I'm into. I live a street over from this place, and I've passed by here many times. The other day, I decided to finally stop in. I should have known it was a bad sign when one of the shopkeepers completely overlooked me to attend to someone who'd walked in at least five minutes after I did, although I'd obviously been waiting longer. When he finally decided to acknowledge me (didn't catch his name, but he's a tall, slim man, probably early 30's, with longish dark hair that's slightly wavy), I asked him for suggestions on different cheeses to try. He kept asking "what do you like?" While I couldn't name any particular types of cheese (as I said, I'm a complete novice cheeses and I informed him of that), I tried my best to describe the texture and flavor I preferred, and he made no attempt to hide his impatience with me.

 After I'd decided on a cheese (or settled, I should say, I didn't want to continue to "inconvenience" this guy), I told him I was going to grab one more item and check out (took all of 20 seconds as I knew what I wanted). When I returned, he was busily chatting it up with other customers. I gave him the item and told him I was ready to pay, he placed it behind the counter and continued to chat with other customers. I should have taken this opportunity to leave, but I was really so shocked at how rude and disrespectful his behavior was, I just stood there, flabbergasted. Finally, another attendant noticed I'd been standing there, and rang up my order.  

To be fair, the other attendants seemed very friendly, and I should have worked with one of them instead of the surly, condescending fellow I ended up with. His personality made him better suited to work at a hotdog stand or food cart, not an upscale (and rather pricey) specialty grocer. Apparently, my business wasn't wanted here, and I'll gladly take it elsewhere.
I will no longer listen to the complaints of silly people.  I missed out on great classes during undergrad due to bad course reviews.  I missed out on great movies (at the theater) due to bad reviews.  I've passed up Di Bruno Bros for 1.5 years due to the complaints of comrades and classmates.   

Di Bruno Bros is a great store with excellent customer service.  The guys indulged my every need, recommending cheese and providing lots of samples.  Definitely a welcome respite after visiting some of the Latin vendors in the Italian Market area and getting dirty looks and not being greeted.  Seems that I'm sheltered in Center City.  

I was in the market for something different and ended up with a honey goat cheese and a lemon cheese.  Both are absolutely scrumptious!  

For the naysayers, sometimes you have to pay a little extra for quality ingredients, knowledgable/passionate staff, and the personal touch.  Definitely worth it.
"Cheese has been around for about 3000 years. The refrigerator was invented in 1901...you can take the cheese with you."

Dibruno's is the real deal.  They have the best of the best...what else is there to say? The inventory is insane, the staff is on an entirely different level of knowledgable, and it smells as good as it sounds.

I would write more, but it's almost one of those things that one needs to experience for one's self. Just go...make a date of it!! Try something you haven't tried, and bring some awesome home for later. 

F.U. can offer no higher praises.
Ok..so its been couple years-Glad it has!!! 

My Name is Jenn W -I have addiction to Gourmet cheeses!!! DAMNNNNNN!
we got done having brunch-yet again..at Fitzwater Cafe/so My friend & I suggested to go to the cheeserie!!
Here it goes: Upon stepping in...We were greeted by hoards of people in line in front blocks & wedges of cheese, cured hams, pickled artichokes..on right, hams, balsamic vinegars..gourmet anchovies..Bitters..Ahhh!!!! Goes on &on. 
So I asked the guy for Gruyere, he responded" I will give you the best Gruyere.....EVER!!" 
Let me paint you picture, last time I was here, spent $32.00 worth cheeses..well this time -I was off by $1.00 ..got container of artichokes too!!  This creamy Gouda, black truffle cheese, one called Euwpforia!! OMG-sharp & nutty..Sweet demise!! Look..I have to stay away from here  , see what I mean by addiction??!!! 
I couldn't come here every month..lose my budget..32.00-good god!!
The other lady next to us..she spent like $85.00 + in there.. Yeah..glad its once every 2 years treat.
How can one establishment hold so many #1 rankings!

#1 Italian Market destination
#1 Tasting opportunities
#1 Amazing cheese selection
#1 Incredible cured meats
#1 Antipasti
#1 Excellent service
#2 Philly tourist destination (OK, the Liberty Bell gets #1)
#1 OMG this is so amazing and so incredible - why aren't they in my town fantastic!

Just go here.  Make it a weekend excursion.  Head down to the Italian market and stop here first.  Stagger out with a couple of shopping bags and have lunch or dinner at one of the many fine Italian restaurants.  It doesn't get much better than that!
I almost hate writing about this because then more people will knwo about it, but recently I had an after-hours happy hour with seven of my friends at this DiBruno Bros.

For $200, eight people can come into DiBruno Bros for a private tasting of meats, cheeses, and antipasto for two hours after the store has closed.  The events are BYOB, which is fantastic.  You get a discount for anything you purchase, but I honestly forget what that discount was.

My friends and I had a freaking blast and thank the two DiBruno Bros employees profusely for hooking us up with all the good stuff.  I wil definitely be setting up another one of these events in the future!  

Note that if you do this, definitely be kind and tip your servers!  They are great!
Fabulous selection of cheeses, cured meats, olives and Italian delicacies.  I just finished eating one of the stuffed artichoke hearts - oh wow, delish!

I don't think the prices are bad compared to gourmet markets such as Whole Foods and Wegmans, plus you're supporting a small business if shopping with Di Bruno!  I like that their store cured meats no longer have nitrates.  Major points in my book!

Staff is always friendly and quick to wait on you, as well as answer questions and let you taste test.
Oh, I have a brilliant business plan.  Open a store, call everything "gourmet" and "imported" and "extra special" and charge 3-4x more than fair market value...

It's not that DiBB sells bad stuff -- most of it is great, but can be found at authentic Italian stores for much much less.  It's really preposterous.  

And for being such a high end place, why did I get home today with my "fresh" soup and see a two-day old expiration date?  You mean to say that no one has checked the soup shelf for two days?

Boycott this place.  And maybe they will lower their prices.
For girls' night out we decided to sample broadly from Di Bruno Bros through a tasting party. For $100 for the first 8 people (~$12/person) and a slightly higher per-person charge after that, we were pleasantly stuffed and happily tottered into the streets with bags of great groceries and ingredients after leveraging our 10% discount on purchases that evening.

We brought our own wine and were allowed to try the antipasti buffet-style bar, freely picking out a variety of vegetables while asking our hosts all sorts of questions. Then the delectable and creative tasters started coming from the kitchen - an assorted combination of cheeses, cured meats, and vegetables accented with truffle oil, balsamic vinegar, chocolates, and other condiments. This is a great way to get oriented to the variety of gourmet offerings available at Di Bruno Bros, learn how to navigate the store efficiently, and learn some fun facts about food.
listen to me now and do what i say

this place has a deal where you pay 100 flat rate fee for any number of people (we did 4, but 6-7 would be perfect) to come into the store after hours, bring your own wine, and you get to eat all you want for 2 friggin hours.  2 hours of sampling anything you want in the store.  two staff members will stay after and setup trays of meats, cheeses, etc. and you can just point at something and say "i want to try that" and you will. plus the staff are great here, and know alot about their craft of cheese cutting. greatest deal in the world.  10% off all purchases too, but the best part is you avoid the line and can take your time picking your purchases within the 2 hours.  or don't buy anything and just eat.  whatever, i don't care.  just do this.
Came here for a 30th birthday after hours and had such a great time with a few friends. I never been here during the day but I highly suggest making a booking after hours and you can try ANYTHING you want in the store for approximately 2 hours (except the raw foods - like bacon.. if only they could cook it!). It comes with a price but its SO worth it and so much fun! You can be fancy schmancy and bring your own wine/beer too :)

The staff is incredibly knowledgeable about all their items. Ask them anything and they will be able to answer it all. Staff is very energetic and have great energy. We all had a blast and learned so much about cheeses. The meats and cheeses here are expensive but it's because it's so good. There wasn't one thing that I tried during my visit that I didn't like. Highly recommend!
Now that this is in my neck of the woods, it's both a blessing and a curse. A blessing in that if I'm craving a nice block of goat cheese, I've got a place. A curse in that it takes everything in my power to not visit here every single day. It's a beacon of all things charcuterie and I'm hooked. It's a tiny Italian Market establishment, but stocked to the brim with aged cheeses, dried & cured meats, jars of sweet jams and spicy olives, vodka sauce & arrabiata, and a good variety of crackers and breads (if you get there early enough). All that's missing is wine, but just go half a block down to DiBrunos bottle shop and you're set. 

Word on the street is they host wine and cheese parties. You can rent out the place for the night and impress your friends and coworkers by nibbling on a chunk of Gouda and saying "yes, this is cheese." 

Pro tip: they sometimes leave unsold baguettes outside the door in a bag but sidewalk food is sus at best (although I was tempted.)
When I was a youngling growing up in the burbs I looked forward to few things more than our biannual trek down to the Italian Market and visiting Di Bruno Bros. with my Mom and both Grandmothers. 

They would call days in advance and give the guys a heads up that we were coming. When we got there, "Uncle" Joe would take us down to the far end of the store and spend way too much time catering to my crazy family's every whim. He would stuff us full of cheese, cured meats, sundried tomatoes, olives, bread and anything else he thought we "just had to taste!"  In exchange the matriarchs bought cases of pasta, pounds of cheese, salami, soppresata, olives, capers, olive oil, bread and anything else they felt they would need to get through the next 6 month in the white bread burbs. 

(Keep in mind this was the 80's before specialty stores were common and we still drank water from the tap!) 

I still think fondly on those days and can't help but feel a little nostalgic every time I'm down on 9th St. in the original Di Bruno Bros. location. Uncle Joe is no longer waiting for us in the back and Bill has long since been in charge of way more then the cheese grater, but the staff at Di Bruno's is exactly the same. Polite, friendly, knowledgeable and (almost) more excited to see you eat and swoon over their cheese pick of the day then when they eat it themselves. 

Having been a cheese monger myself, I know what it takes to work that counter. Patience, sense of urgency, patience, a deep love of food and a desperate need to share what you know with anyone who will listen; I've never encountered a single employee at Di Bruno's that doesn't embody all of these things.
I like both Claudio's and DiBruno's in the Italian Market but DiBruno's has friendlier service - namely Ian, the manager.  You can tell that he really loves running this shop and knows the products intimately.  You get such attention compared to the frantically busy and segmented store on Chestnut.  Definitely one of my favorite spots in the Italian Market.
I really didn't need to get any cheese, but the store was drawing me in.  As soon as I got in, one of the cheesemongers asked if he could help me with anything.  Nah, I said, I'm just looking around.  He's like, well would you like to try something delicious?  Sure!  I could never turn down something delicious (and free).  He started handing me delicious  slices of cheese and before I knew it, I was spending 30 bucks on a wedge of 3-year aged gouda.   

The people that work here are amazingly friendly and make your cheese shopping experience a lot of fun.  2:30PM on a Sunday was also the best time to come in, as it wasn't crowded at all.  Also, there really isn't any point in coming in and browsing so next time I come in, I will be expecting to buy some delicious treats!
I love the food here! 

Definitely recommend going when you're a little hungry because then you can sample all of the cheeses and delicious tid bits they have out. (And then cringe as you pull out your cc to pay for your selections at checkout... I tend to grab a lot of what I taste...)

Their selections of meats, cheeses, butter, oils, loose teas, and cured meats is unbeatable. Their prices for their other items, unfortunately are. Splurge here on the specialty stuff, but go elsewhere for the fruits and veggies.
I hate having to write this bad review because i really like good food and DiBruno's does, indeed, sell really good food.   Unfortunately, though, my visit to DiBruno's in the Italian Market last Friday will be my last.   (i also go to the ones in Comcast and on Chestnut often and will continue to do so.)  I hope someone there reads this so they can cure my issue.  

My ongoing problem with DiBruno's IM is the service.  I can no longer tolerate the 'upsell' and pretentious condescension as i question or decline the upsell.  Do they sell on commission there?  If not, they sure act like it.  Have experienced it during my last three visits and this past Friday was my breaking point.  

Specifically, I asked if they had bulgarian feta that day.  Answer, 'yes'.  Asked for a 'small pound', which means 'I know you're eyeballing this, but err on the side of less than a pound, not more, please."  Price quoted:  $5.99 per lb.  Guy comes back and says," It's 1.3 lbs, is that ok?"  Well, no, I asked for a small lb...this clearly adds up, especially on the higher priced meats and cheeses.  (i'm not asking for cheaper, just better precision and *give me what I ask for*.)  Erring on the large side is done consistently in my experience at DiBruno's and results in me (and other customers) spending many more dollars then planned.  Guy goes into the back, presumably removes some of the cheese from the quart container, then yells to me that the price is $6.99 per lb.  Fine, whatever it is, it is.  Then, I watch him weigh it again...with the container half filled with slurried, opaque brine, i.e., salt water.  I asked him if the weight i was paying for included the brine.  Answer:  Yes.    Someone else behind the counter hears me ask this and ends up taking $2.00 off for the brine.  (FYI:  When buying feta at any other place, the usual routine is to weigh the cheese, price it, then put it into a container w/ some brine to help preserve it.)  He then hands me the quart container w/ brine and feta crumbs running down the side, presumably to put into one of my shopping bags.  I ask him for a bag to cover the slopped up container, he gives it to me, I pay, then leave.   

When I opened the container later that night, what i thought would be a block of feta, which I intended to serve sliced to dinner guests, was a mess of feta crumbs.  Dude just ladled the bottom of their feta barrel into the quart container.    Beyond disappointed and, thus, this review.
In terms of culture/character, this is the location to be. 

Here you won't find all the glass and glamor of Bruno's newer location near Rittenhouse, but you will find the original family members, Italian dialect, a cramped store packed with South Philly Italian grandmas and an opportunity to taste anything you want.

You won't find a all-out gourmet grocery store, but they do carry a small collection of pates, honeys, etc. like it's Rittenhouse prom queen friend.

For me, I find that people who shop at the Rittenhouse Di Brunos who have never been to the original don't understand the background. Perhaps seeing Vietnamese check-out people at the Italian market location somehow makes me feel as if it's not as authentic.
Not the friendliest folks and not the largest of stores, but the selection is absolutely unreal and the history is worth the visit.  Ask and you shall receive is the policy on samples - just don't go too late or too early as I'm rather certain the clerks work full day shifts and aren't exactly welcoming at 8:00am or 5 minutes before closing (so I found out) with a "are you going to buy anything, or are you just looking?"
Turbo Food-Nerd Resume

Objective: to consume the universe and then lecture you on it

Education: Master of Obscure Cheese Knowledge, gleaned from Original DiBruno Bros. 9th St. location

Job Experience: Not rolling eyes at greenhorns who don't get how the line works; offering excited custies slices of stinky fromage from the blade of my comically oversized cheese knife;  coming up with irreverent metaphors for the edification of the dull of palate.

Skills of Interest:  I know what you want before you want it.
I have to tell you that I purchased from DiBruno's online.  I was searching for Duck Breast and was happy to find it there.  Since I was going to pay for a refrigerated box, I went ahead and purchased parm cheese as well.  Unfortunately for me, the duck breast was out of stock and unlikely to be in for the future, so they sent me an email that they refunded the cost of the breast and went ahead and sent the cheese.  That's a ton of shipping for just one piece of cheese.  When I called, they said they has already sent it and there was nothing they could do.  Please beware if you order online from them. . .seems they can be a bit underhanded.
I love cheese.......how can you not? They were ready for anything you wanted.....knowledgeable, friendly, fast-paced........did i mention delicious? the huge pieces of cheese hanging over your head like an anvil is kinda scary and silly........the italian market is so cool. They have a little bit of everything but you can definitely tell their specialty is CHEESE. Olive oil section is sick.
When I think of the Italian Market, I think of Di Bruno's.  (And, of course, Claudio, Talluto's, the spice shop, and the man at the produce stand on the corner of Carpenter who always seems to be yelling at one of his colleagues.)

It's quite an experience to walk in on a busy Saturday morning to a line of gents behind the counter, tending to all the needs of the long line in front of the counter.  YES, there's a line to the back of the store many of those times.  But YO, it's Saturday, and it's cheese heaven you've just entered.  Waiting in line is time spent oogling at all of the wonderous culinary treasures that place has to offer.  Sample a few cheeses on your way down the line, and listen to what other people order.  Enjoy the banter the staff bounces around as they slice.  

And it's happened more than a few times that I've gone in to order something - whoever's helping me will offer me a sample slice of whatever I'm already buying.  "Just in case you need to jog your memory a bit", they'll say.  I'll usually end up leaving with more than I'd set out for, which is a testament both to my non existent will power, and their ability to upsell.

YES, you'll spend a bit of moolah.  But man, if it's tasty goodness you seek, then you've spent said moolah at the right place.
Love DiBruno Brothers.  If you are looking for knowledgeable staff on what cheese will go good with your wine selection for the evening, they are your cheese mongers to go to!  My husband and I also used them to choose which olives we wanted at our wedding.  The staff didn't mind at all that we were going to each olive barrel and tasting each kind of olive and carefully writing down the name.  They even recommended some cheese to go with it!  If you are one of those who is overwhelmed when too many option present themselves, as I tend to be at times, you definitely want these guys to lead you through it.  Plus, it's all so yummy!  

Careful though!  You could totally break the bank there!  (but with delicious results!)
Excellent specialty cheese and meat store that is a bit cramped inside but it gives it a New York deli style ambiance. Friendly staff and outrageous selection including certain items like Jamon Iberico, which are simply very hard to find. When we are in Philly, this is usually on the itinerary just to grab a little bit of Jamon Iberico and chow down on it on the street like the heathens that we are.
This place is endlessly impressive, from the cured meats hanging from the ceiling, to the vast selection of cheeses, to the strong knowledge boasted by the staff. I've never really known what I'm going to come out with when I walk through the door, and I don't think I've ever purchased the same item twice, just because there are so many more things to try before getting hung up on one or two of these delicious and hard-to-find items.

My last trip cost $91 - we left with three very different blocks of cheese, some rare unpasteurized cured meat, some giant artichoke hearts, a bottle of truffle oil, and a container of saffron. Worth every penny.
This is what cheese heaven must be. The second you walk in your senses kick in. First you see all of these wonderful displays of cheeses from all parts of the world. Next you get this amazing smell of all these different cheeses, olives and cured meats. Finally you get to sample the different varieties of cheeses they have. By the time you leave there you will have purchased at least 3-4 different types of cheeses and meats. The store is a bit on the small side but just get in line and it will soon be your turn to taste and be served by one of their experienced staff. The person who took care of ya was friendly and knowledgeable. Once we sampled several of the cheeses he started to suggest others which were similar to what we liked. It took us a while but all throughout he was patient and helpful. By the time we left I had not realized how much we had purchased but when the bill was presented I was surprised it was not more. If you visit the Italian Market you have to stop here; well worth the wait.
Sitting out side along 9th street on a perfectly beautiful night with my wife. This is what life is about. Fine meats and cheeses under romantic lighting. 

If you were looking for a first date this would be the perfect place before November.
Wow, high quality cheese and charcuterie! 

I have dreams about their Goat Cheese and Honey Fig Jam! It truly was a match made in heaven. Thank you for the fabulous recommendation! 

This place is the perfect place if you want to impress your guests with the perfect pairings for your wine or to impress your date with a fancy schmancy picnic. Prices are good considering the excellent quality of food and service.
Wow, so like, um, I went to Claudio's first then here in the same hour.  Everything Claudio's has Di Bruno's also has, but the difference was the service.

The guy in back asked if there was anything we needed and I said, "well, not that you mention it, do you have Formaggio di Fossa?"  He said no, but sometimes we do.  After having been blown away by the guy in Claudio's saying the same thing I was blown away again, but not as much of course.  When you hear something twice in one day it kinda loses its impact the second time, sorta like hearing your daughter slept with a second guy.  (I don't have a daughter but I can only imagine)

But anyway, he says he has some similar cheeses and would you like to try them?  SURE!  So after maybe half an hour of this guy giving us samples of several different cheeses (yeah, we got to talking a lot about cheese), then he let us sample some aromatic bitters!  OMIGOSH, read my profile, it is one of those "Recent Discovery" items in my profile!  And here we were, sampling them!   DOES IT GET ANY BETTER THAN THAT?  I don't think so!

We left with a bag full of cheese, some cherries and some bitters.  Very cool.  Very satisfying.
We were very disappointed after driving up from Washington DC to shop in Little Italy. We filled our basket with various types of pastas and cheeses such as fresh mozzarella.  We wanted a specific cheese that we saw hanging up. The clerk took down the cheese removed the wrapper and apparently was concerned about the smell of the cheese and freshness.  He asked his coworker and he said it was OK. After we got home we noticed that the cheese was rotten.  We are too far away to bring it back and needless to say we will never shop here when in Philly.
Delicious Italian food for all your home and party needs. Cheese selection is quite extraordinary, and they even let you taste and choose your favorite. Also extensive selection of olive oils, variety of vinegar, olives, and other Italian meats and specialties. A really great store . Great customer service makes this a great experience every time.
I don't know what more I could say about Di Bruno's that hasn't been said. I'll tell you this: I've never met a cheese that I didn't like. I appreciate expertise. Yeah, I like experts. I think, if you're an expert, that it should be noted after your name like as if you were a doctor....or dentist....or "esquire." Informative people, experts.

Usually you can try a morsel or two if you're not sure, if you need a try... during cheese decisions time. "Blessed are the cheese-mongers!" Isn't that part of the thing?
I don't know what else I really want out of a cheese shop. Great cheese, great service where the cheesemongers (that's the most accurate term right?) are actually super helpful, good meats. Really the toughest thing is not buying too much since they'll keep giving you samples and you'll keep being like "damn, i should just get that too"

They also have this dastardly strategy of taking things that you're holding and putting them behind the counter for you until you're ready. I think this keep you from changing your mind. Clever.
Great bread didn't try the cheeses or the meats after receiving such rude service from the guy with the orange mustache. They should also wear gloves when handling the food.
Yes this is in historic place, In South Philly. Love , love this place. I do love my cheeses, cured hams. I went to Sabrina's For brunch, wandered over here afterwards with my friend, Its very small..crowded, but so worth it..$45.00 later..cheese at hand..I have never -on cheeses. But my weekness.OMG!! And their specialty oils, balsamic vinegar , etc.You would have thought it was Xmas as crowded as it was..
If you happen to be cutting through the Italian Market before or after a Pat's/Geno's experience, stop by this wonderful little cheese shop along the way. There is an old school Italian feel to it. 

The space is small & cramped, but they have almost every cheese & cured meat you can possibly name. Sample offerings are all over the place & you never feel ashamed asking for seconds. 

We consumed so much cheese during our visit that it put us in the wine mood.
If you love cheese, then this is your heaven. This is the original location and is pretty small, but they've got everything. I came here with friends for the "After Hours" experience - $60 per person and up to 12 people (there were 9 of us, any more than 10 might be too cramped). From 7-9pm, you and your friends are treated to beautiful cheese/meat spreads prepared by 2 experienced cheese-mongers. Not only are selections carefully made for you, but you are also encouraged to point to anything in the shop and ask to try it. These guys really know their stuff, and will give you every detail about whatever cheese, meat, honey, preserve, spread, balsamic, oil, etc. you're trying. BYOB, and a 10% discount at the end of the night. I highly recommend the after hours experience, or just stopping in to pick up some cheese for any occasion!
ahhh, I've loved this place since the very first time my dad took me down to the italian market f when I was 10. Growing up, Sunday mornings consisted of Di Bruno Brother's fine cheeses and sarcones seeded loaf bread( and we're Irish, go figure!)
First of all, it's a cheese shop- and I looooove cheese! You can sample just about anything when you're there. A family favorite is the Mozzarella and Prosciutto Roll. You slice this yummy roll up and place the slices on slices of Sarcones bread ( I will get to reviewing that place next!) and put it in the oven to melt and you have perfection itself! The abruzze spreads, the extra sharps, they're all good! It's super small at this location and is always jammed packed on the weekend mornings but it's quite the experience in my opinion and well worth the hassle for the array of fabulous cheeses you get to choose from! The staff has always been very helpful and friendly when I'm in there.  Great place to go and stock up for a party you're hosting or need to bring something to!
Coming down to the Italian market is like stepping back in time with appreciation for current good food. The staff couldn't be nicer and there are so many goodies in this small space.
I love the cheese from here!

it's a cramped little shop, but it has so much history and delicious stuff in it!

the food is always fresh and the people are really friendly.

My girlfriend and I stop here every time we are in town.
As I alluded to in another South Philly review, the idea came to me yesterday as I was spending a day off visiting my favorite South Philly spots, that I should attempt to find the best ingredients I could from South Philly for a great home cooked Italian meal.  I get inspired every now and then.  So, as I'm driving around considering what to make, I pass by DiBruno's, and I know based on their reputation that I had to start there.  

I made a decision to make something simple.  I was thinking a nice shrimp and pasta dish with lemon, garlic, and butter.  I knew I could use the right kind of cheese for this.  So here was my test for the guys at DiBruno to give me the best cheese for that dish.  

Well, I'm sure they had heard that before, in fact they confirmed that I wasn't the first person to walk in their store and ask for the right kind of cheese for that exact dish.  So as a result, they knew exactly what to recommend.  

And once I tasted the Pantaleo cheese they recommended, I knew I had to have it for the dish.  Of course, it was perfection once I grated it onto the dish at home.  They knew what the perfect flavor would be, and they were right.  

Heck, I don't know if there's a place out there that has better cheese than DiBruno or not.  I haven't been to enough cheese shops in my life.  But based on my experience, I'm guessing this...

There's DiBruno's, and then there's everyone else!
Delicious cheeses and more.  Lady behind the counter had me try some cheeses which I ended up getting, but they were damn expensive!  Should have asked the price before I said yes.  
Black lava cashews are quite delicious and pair nicely with the Lamuse Gouda ($29.99/lb!)
This place is amazing. Di Bruno Bros is a historic meat & cheese stop in the Italian market, and it's something you most definitely shouldn't miss out on. Everything that the store carries has been carefully chosen, and though it's a small shop, its selection seems pretty perfect to me.

The cheese selection is incredible, and though I love cheese, I wouldn't call myself an expert. But not to worry, because the staff is SO helpful, and so nice. You can tell them what kind of cheese you're looking for, and they'll let you sample as many as you want. I took home a type of brie, and they'll chop you a piece that fits your needs. They also have a number of sausages and proscuittos you can try, and they'll even chop up the sausage for you so you can put it directly into your salad or pasta or whatever. Other noms include olives and pasta sauces. 

Definitely recommend coming here - from what I understand it gets really busy on weekends and during Thanksgiving - Christmas, so maybe try to come on a weekday!
I frequent DiBruno Bros when I'm in need of a quick gourmet lunch, samples of their artesian cheese, an ingredient I can't find at the local market or a need for a new pantry item. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable! Now carring local coffee co. One Village Coffee, this little spot has become a favorite destination for my family!
Amazing selection of cheese and sausage. 10 kinda of prosciutto (3 domestic). Knowledgeable staff.
Horrible customer service - very difficult people to work with and refused to help make one adjustment to an incorrect address
Placed an order for a Christmas gift on Black Friday. Was asked to  choose delivery week at check out. Chose Christmas week. Was notified via generic email the night before it was to be shipped (5 days before Christmas) that "supply chain issues were affecting some of their orders but they were working day and night to satisfy customers."
Since then I've emailed and called several
times to ask when my order will be shipped as I am
traveling after the holidays. If the order ships while I'm gone the enclosed food will spoil before I return. I was trying to inform them  to postpone delivery until after I return.  I've received no response or acknowledgement. Christmas is tomorrow and my order is still "awaiting fulfillment". And other than the generic email that my order "may be delayed" I've received no correspondence from this company regarding the order I placed a month ago. This will be the last time I order from them.
Amazing 

Selection? 
Quality?     
Prices?       

The challenge is to choose and we selected some incredible cheeses to go with our meal

We bought some jar sauce as well and will be back for sure
Horrible customer service. They are quick to take your money, but not solve any problems. they billed me for items that i did not receive and no one will email me back from customer service. i do not know how they stay open.
definitely a 5/5. as advertised,there was an abundance of cheeses and Italian meats. The staff was also super friendly and was a lot of help. when my boyfriend was choosing cheese to buy back as a gift, they were patient and gave us more than enough to try.

would definitively go back!
I love this place....

I always go here for the best cheese ever you must stop here if you go to Philly this is a must do...  The building is lovely and historic and the staff is always friendly...  

It is small so it is cramped but so worth it...
Aw jeez, this is one amazing little store. Not only do they carry every possible cured meat you could ever need, have every great Italian cheese and many of the small, new, unsung heroes, but they have an impressive selection of US artisan and farmhouse cheeses. The cheesemongers here are knowledgeable, passionate and very cute. 

The store is narrow and cramped and always busy on the weekend. Best to go during the week when the crowds are at work.
Could not have had a more enjoyable experience.

My friend came in for meats and cheeses for Christmas. He ended up leaving the store with meats, cheeses, crackers, spread, sweets, etc. This place will trap you!! 

We were immediately offered help and were lucky enough to be assisted by Samantha. This girl knows her stuff. No joke. My friend let her know what he was looking for in products and she had a suggestion for each criteria with a complementing item. Yes, we sampled everything, but you have to know what you're buying before you pay!

Even though there are multiple locations for Di Bruno around the city (and now burbs), I like going to this location the most - it's so authentic in the Italian Market!
dont try any samples they give you or you will be addicted! And They never let u sample cheap stuff lol. My aunt is HOOKED on their cinnful pecans

Why is this place only rated $$? They sell cheese at $30/lbs
 and can sodas $3/can! This place should be rated $$$$
Di Bruno Bros. (not Bruno Mars the Pop/Rock, R&B singer) is a gourmet cheese deli with homemade spices of vinegars and hand made culinary sauces.  Staff is an attentive hoard army who are sprightly ready and able to serve customers as it appears they are the cheese connoisseurs.  Knowledgeable indeed but these brothers need to boast by sugarcoating it, malignant narcissists.  Somewhat pricey but not near bankrupt level.  Free samples are available and associates appears to proudly boast of their high quality of gourmet cheeses as one clearly stated to a customer:  "you can search all over the world for the best cheeses and you come back to us for we have the highest quality!!" Boastful indeed.

"When pride comes, then comes dishonor.  But with the humble is wisdom." Proverbs 11:2

"Who is a wise man and endured with knowledge among you? Let him shew out of a good conversation his works with meekness of wisdom."  James 3:13

Staff composes entirely of forty-something men, not typical pushy aggressive, but surely contains a lot of hot air in the ego to sugar coat in-flat their artisan cheeses.  Can Di Bruno Bros. shred an ounce of humility to hone meekness? Hell spawn NO!

Their Brie cheese is not entirely brine in a ocean of salt, but a good composure of consistency made fresh.  Nevertheless Di Bruno Bros. bears fine gourmet cheese, as they do not drop a GRENADE on you for quality!
The Abbruzze hot & spicy cheese spread is frickin' delicious.
What is there to say that hasn't already been said about Di Bruno Bros.?  It's very good, and somewhat expensive.  You get treated very well here, regardless of who you have as your monger.  They are all very knowledgeable and let you try a ton of cheeses before you buy any.  I've been in here on numerous occasions for various reasons including cheese for a beer pairing, going to wineries, making fondue, and many others!  

The reason I didn't make it a 5-star review is because sometimes I feel like I'm being upsold, by a lot.  I asked once for duck prosciutto, which is around $30/lb, but I only get 8-10 thin pieces, which is roughly $3.  They were out of it and he suggested a dry-aged beef instead (I forget the actual name), which he let me try.  I should have asked for the price before buying it, but I guess I expected that he would give me something within the same price range.  Later I realized it was $70/lb and what he gave me cost $16.  I wasn't too happy about that, but I'll take a little blame for not asking the price. 

All-in-all, this place is quality and I recommend it to everyone.
Oh my goodness. Food porn galore. Beautiful rounds of exotic cheeses. Phallic-looking big, juicy sausages hanging from the wall.  Varieties of unusual dried pastas, ready to cook.

If you have that look of wild-eyed desire without a clue of where to even start, start up a conversation with one of the friendly guys behind the counter. Next thing you'll know, he'll be offering you slivers of cheeses that will send shivers down your spine. And then he'll recommend some kind of nut you've never heard of that he'll pour into your open palm, waxing poetic about its source. And you'll quietly moan with pleasure.

And then you'll walk out the door having spent money you didn't intend on spending but OH THAT CHEESE.
OMG so much good cheese it's overwhelming. They have these intriguing beer & cheese tastings and it is just amazing. I tried it at a Yelp! event and we just kept going back for more.
I've been visiting this place for many, many years. When I was little my mom use to force me to go to 9th street with her to go shopping. I hated waking up early and going down there but I did it because I knew she was going to let me go into Di Bruno Bros. and pick out a few things to take home. Now I'm an adult with a family of my own and I force my husband and daughter to go to 9th street and he goes because he knows we're going to stop into Di Bruno Bros. for his favorite marinate mozzarella and olives stuffed with garlic. 

I've tried much of what they have to offer and none of it has disappointed. The staff is also very helpful and they know their cheeses. You go in there and tell them you're having a party, or what wine you got, or how much you want to spend, or whatever and they'll tell you the perfect cheese for your needs and will also offer other ideas. 

This place is a must if you're visiting the city. If you live in Philly and have never been, then I don't even know what to say besides "go!"
I love this shop!  It's not just shopping it's an experience.  There are cheeses, oils, vinegars and meats from all over the world.  Many I've never heard of before but the fun staff members, and there are many of them, behind the counter give samples and suggest things.  I love when they pair things up like a slice of prosciutto wrapped around fiore sardo pondini and drizzled with thick balsamic vinegar (Acetaia Bellei Crema).  Problem is, after they hand you that tasty treat you feel you must have some to take along.  Before you know it you've racked up a big bill.  But we do it only a couple of times a year and usually buy some gifts.  I'd recommend it to anyone who loves Italian food and who doesn't?!
Di Bruno's has a great selection of cheeses.  I remember going to the 9th Street location from the time I was young and buying their cheese spreads, which used to be sold right from the barrel they were made in.  That was before they made the "big time" with the Chestnut St. location. Now they think of themselves as "culinary pioneers".  Really, it's more like "price pioneers" since they are really outrageously priced for much of what they sell.  Here's an example:  I was in the store today and bought a tomato and mozzarella salad, and saw that they had peppadew peppers in the display case, which were $10.99 a pound.  That's $5 more a pound than what Wegman's sells the same peppers for!  They had arancini (rice balls) in the same case, selling for $8.99 a pound.  That's something a lot of Italian families make with leftovers, and even if you did make it, it's pretty cheap.  They sell Nutella for several dollars over retail.  They sell sushi!  My grandmother would roll in her grave if she knew!    The store seems to cater to non-Italians who think that because they pay a lot for something they are getting good quality.  Unless you are buying cheese, get in your car and go to a supermarket.  You won't be missing anything.  Mostly anything Di Bruno's sells you can get better and cheaper elsewhere.
DiBrunos is as good as it gets. I know they have other locations but I was excited to visit the Italian market location. Best cheese selection. Incredible sausages and salamis. I used the visit as an opportunity to buy food gift items. And frankly, I thought the prices were reasonable. Can't wait to get back.
This place is primo when it comes to buying cheese, olives, and all kinds of gourmet cured meat and oils.  

Careful - you can spend a ton of money in here, easy.  That's because of the free samples which they are more than willing to give you - to me, they are all that good!  And if you're picky, just keep looking.  You are bound to find something that you just have to leave with.  

My faves are the super-hot cheeses (I get mine cubed in a little tub; great for watching the game!) and at the top of the list is the oil-cured black olives, pitted.  Man, that stuff is good!

This place is ALWAYS crowded on the weekends, so get there early if you want to do some culinary exploring.  It's definitely worth the early wake-up.
I only go to Di Bruno's every once in a while, at first I was quite overwhelmed and nervous, it's quite a fast paced environment but I've learned to embrace it.  The shop is wicked tiny but the shelves are filled to the brim with product, oils, vinegars, pastas, jams, and other condiments.  The staff is very knowledgeable and incredibly adorable, and they don't look at you funny when you buy the prepackaged cheese or ask too many questions, it's comforting.
I had never heard of this place when my wife and I had just stumbled upon it when we were walking through the Italian market in south phillie, which we also didn't know about, I guess we didn't do our homework b4 our trip. This place is tiny, it's a wonder how they got the huge provolones hanging in the window. Besides the cheese, they have a great  selection of salumi that I just had to buy a couple of chubs and bring back home with me, I wonder what the TSA people thought that was. This is a perfect place to pick up some salumi, cheese, olives, bread, wine and have yourself a picnic. They even have a second more modern location in Rittenhouse Square which I didn't know about until I got home and we were in that Square, damn...I really have to do my homework next time.
Did you think that Whole Foods had a nice selection of cheese? Fuggedaboutit. This place has a dizzying choice of cheeses, plus that authentic feel of a real cheese shop. Not to mention oils, vinegars and other gourmet items. 

I got a sandwich (to hold me before I took my flight back home to Chicago); "The Italian Job" was composed of proscuitto, their handmade mozzarella, roasted red peppers, sea salt, cracked pepper and Tuscan olive oil on a skinny, crusty roll. It was filling enough to hold me the rest of the afternoon, definitely tasty and gave me a good sampling of their various products. 

Staff was all noticably nice and smiling in an easygoing way. 

Di Bruno Brothers has been around since 1939. It's not hard to see why. Great selection, service and food. What more can you ask for?
So our experience at DiBruno started out awesome...we stopped in for a certain type of cheese and while they didn't have it, the cheesemonger easily recommended something similar, which we sampled and enjoyed. After selecting our cheese and a container of dulce de leche, we said that was it. This is how our conversation proceeded with the employee:

Employee: Can I get you anything else?
Us: No thank you.
Employee: But this dulce de leche is 2 for $12.99. 
Us: No thanks. One is enough.
Employee: What about some olives?
Us: No thanks. This is all we need.
Employee: Some nuts?"
Us: No thank you. 
Employee: How about bread or crackers? That's a necessity with cheese.
Us: No. Thank you. That's all we want. We just want to pay. 
Employee: Are you kidding me? You NEED bread to go with your cheese.
Us: We have bread at home. This is all we want.
Employee: Okkkkkkk whatever you say. Your total is $__.

It was truly the pushiest, most obnoxious experience I have ever had. I was truly appalled at how she refused to just allow us to pay. What started out as a great experience just spiraled out of control. There's a difference between being a good salesperson and being downright rude. I can assure you that next time I want to buy cheese, I will go next door to Claudio's where they aren't going to make me feel guilty for not buying everything in the entire store.
I think DiBruno Brothers may be #1 on the list of things I miss from back home.  I've been in Alaska almost a year now, and I was wandering around the supermarket the other day waxing nostalgic about DiBruno Brothers. I think my sweetheart couldn't understand why I was making such a big deal about cheese.  I used to make a special trip to Philly at least once a month to get my fix.

DiBruno Brothers has all of my favorites at the best prices ... Palacios Chorizo, Cabrales, aged Manchego, razor-thin Jamon Serrano, olives, Membrillo and flavored balsamic reductions.  My heart skips a beat just thinking about it.  DiBruno Brothers is a high-end whorehouse for those of us that love food porn.  It's so wrong it's right.  Really.
These cheese mongers will guide you through tasting until you have found the perfect, probably expensive, but justifiable based on how delicious it is, cheese. Make sure you grab some of the bread. To avoid spending $30 for a wedge I recommend asking for $7 worth instead of pointing to a wedge size.
This is the best place in the city for cheeses and Italian specialties.  They encourage you to taste everything, so you get to learn all about cheese while you are shopping.  It's always busy and crowded, but that's because it's the best!
The shop smells wonderful, and the staff are helpful and will give you FREE SAMPLES of ANY CHEESE. The only downside, the prices of the cheeses will empty your wallet.
I love Di Bruno's. They have the best cured meats, I especially love the black-label prosciutto that is exquisite. They also have great Spanish chorizos (imported as well as home-made) that you really can't get anywhere else. The staff at Di Bruno's is extremely professional and patient. They never pressure you to buy anything or to hurry up despite the long lines and they let you taste everything. 

The reason why I give them a three star, though, is because they overprice certain things. I find it's unethical of them to charge significantly more for the same tomato puree or pasta that is sold next door or elsewhere. Same brand, same size!
whenever i walk into dibruno's, i am immediately assaulted by a million and one scents, co-mingling in harmony. generally, it not only serves to make me extremely hungry, but also loosens my purse strings without hesitation.

in fact, right now there are olives, some extra sharp provolone and a half-devoured ball of smoked mozzarella occupying space in my fridge. not for long, mind you, but they are there.
good stuff, but the place is too small. It's shocking that they haven't expanded with the amount of people that go in there.
I am so embarassed to admit that I live two blocks from this store and this is only the second time we have visited. AWFUL! We were there for a private event last night and had the run of the store. Our two cheese mongers (I am blanking on their names) were completely down to earth and well-educated, without being stuffy. We were allowed to try anything we wanted, as long as it didn't have to be cooked (no pasta). I sampled a lot of antipasti, cheese and delicious crackers. My husband and I are visiting my cousin this weekend, so we took advantage of our private event and took our time putting a basket together for her. The prices are completely reasonable and also allow for you to try that white truffle oil that may seem a bit out of reach. I promise, Gods of the Italian Market, I will not wait two years to make it back.
I love a trip to Di Bruno Brothers! Everyone is so knowledgeable on their products, and I love sampling their cheeses. They will take you on a cheese journey across the world with so many different flavors to discover. You usually will start off with a soft cheese then progress to a hard cheeses and finish with a blue. They can also help you pair your cheese selections with a company in honeys or marmalades. This is the original DiBruno brothers, which is a little on the smaller side but the charm in the Italian market is just wonderful!
Don't ever go to any other DiBruno's in the city.  You will not get an experience even close to the one you have in the Italian Market.  Unless of course you could care less about customer service or treated like another cow just trying to get milked and back out to graze.
Seriously these cheesemongers know their shit and love to talk about it.  They are so gracious and will talk cheese or make you sample their top 20 if you even show the slightest bit of curiousity of wanting to know more than just how much you want to take home.
Also be prepared for a scolding if you only came in for their delicious salami's, olives, oils, breads, or other goods and forgot to even think about bringing cheese home with you.  And if you ponder too long, be prepared to be overwhelmed with delicious flavors of the day, which will inevitably lead to you bringing home more than you counted for.
This is one place you will never leave unhappy.  
The boys are so awesome and knowledgeable. I love it.  So will you
THE BEST CHEESE SELECTION IN THE CITY

First of all, everyone who works here LOVES what they do and they all know every little thing about cheese...where their flavors come from, which farms make the best of each variety, how to pair them with wine, how to use each cheese in a dish, and they let you taste any cheese you want.

PLUS everyone is above and beyond friendly and eager to make sure you get the best cheese experience you have ever had.

I love this shop, and it is WAY better than its sister establishment in NYC.
Great cheese selection
So full of scrumptious goodies
You're hard to resist
Don't let my check-ins fool you, I have been regularly coming to Di Bruno's for about 5 years now.  I have been to their other locations a few times, but I frequent the 9th Street location on a very regular basis.  I have been putting off this review for a while because it has been difficult for me to put into words what it is that I like and what has made the stars come off.  
Let's start with the positive and the 5-star points:
1)  The selection of cheese is amazing.  There are cheeses to be found here that you may not find anywhere else in the United States, let alone Philadelphia.  Depending on availability and season, you can find really rare domestic cheeses, as well as Dutch, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Greek, etc., etc, etc, cheeses that you could not find anywhere else.  The prices reflect the rarity and also the process it took to find the cheese.  If there are 500 wheels made a year, you'll be paying for it.  I have been exposed to wondrous and awe-inspiring things from all across the globe.  No, i do not have a log book or list of what I have tried, but I do remember some amazing things.
2)  The selection of cured, smoked, and prepared meats is also quite extensive.  I have had mousses, pates, prosciuttos, hams, dried sausages, and who knows what else from all over.  The amazing thing is that Di Bruno's makes a real effort in promoting and featuring local and domestic products that you would not find elsewhere.  The US is producing some amazing meat products, but they come in very limited quantities.  You'll be able to find those limited and rare things here as they are available.
3)  The selection of oil and vinegar is quite staggering and at times, overwhelming.  I have been able to purchase limited and rare vinegars from the US, Italy, Spain, Portugal, and Greece.  They are all fantastic and many of them cannot be found anywhere else, despite exhaustive internet searches.  The oils are another story altogether.  If you want a rare, organic, first-pressing olive oil, this is probably the only place where you will find it.
4)  The pickles, olives, marinated veggies are all very good.  The olives, especially, are very, very good.  I am a big fan of olives and they have cured and marinated olives which I really, really like.  Great stuff.
5)  Interesting specialty items like brie stuffed with truffle cream and burattas and the occasional offering from a local chef are also worth trying and enjoying.  There are so many of these types of things that it is easy to get overwhelmed.
6)  Ask questions and engage.  The mongers and everyone else can help you find things, pair meals, give advice for preparation, pair cheeses with beer and wine, offer suggestions that you may not be prepared for or expect.  Just ask.  These guys know what they are doing and spend a lot of time trying things out, attending shows, festivals, and competitions to know what is possible in the world of cheese, charcuterie, and gourmet cuisine.
And now for the bad news:
I have been coming to the 9th Street store for about five years now and I have watched a steady decline in the neighborhood feel of the store.  I initially embraced the store because of its retention of what I thought would be all of South Philly.  I am not from Philly, but I had this image in my mind of establishments which had staff that treated you like family even if you weren't and an authentic, old world feel.  Five years ago, this is how I felt.  Over the last year or so I have watched as a beloved store started turning into every other "gourmet" shop.  The Di Bruno's empire has a few locations now and is still growing, why could they not leave the original as the original?  The outdated scales which spat out pricing stickers with notes, pairings, and clever comments now spit out no useful information and label most of my cheeses as "miscellaneous."  If you buy 5+ cheeses, as I often do, it is sometimes hard to remember 3 days later what it is you bought and a note that says "miscellaneous" is worthless.  Am I eating sheep cheese?  Goat cheese?  French cheese?  Italian cheese?  
They removed the tall, glass meat case and put the meats behind the staff.  Now, without glasses, you can't see what's available.  It may look cleaner and more organized, but it just deletes the old-world feel and makes me feel like I came into a Wegman's or worse yet, a Whole Foods.
Today, I walked in, and there are multiple, touch screen registers, credit card swiping machines, and I wanted to turn around an walk out.  This location should have been left alone.  If I wanted an impersonal, antiseptic, "hands-off" feel, I would go to Wegman's or Whole Foods, not Di Bruno's in the Italian Market, the oldest outdoor market in the United States.  
Is it still great? Yes.  Is it the same? No.  But, what do I know, maybe I'm just getting old and can't handle change.
Wow!  They should make you pay just to walk in the door and take in the beautiful smell of hundreds of kinds of cheese.

Cheeses, salami, olives and antipasti in barrels.  Fresh bread.

Di Bruno Bros. will transport you to a time past when food was real and there was no such thing as Styrofoam or plastic wrap.

If the Pennsylvania legislature ever wants to name an official keystone state cheese shop, Di Bruno Bros gets my vote.
This is a must do stop for any foodie/cheese lover when in Philly and in the Italian Market. They say good things come in small packages and that definitely applies to Di Bruno Bros. Wether you are looking for custom cheese spreads, hanging sharp provolone, variety of cured meats and sausages this place is sure to have it. They offer major fromage eye candy and the staff are willing to jump in and help you navigate their choices. This can easily be a one stop shop as they also sell imported olive oil, pastas, sauces and italian delights only to be found at a true gourmet spot.
I keep dreaming about this sandwich that I ate this past weekend at Di Bruno.  The best baguette topped with garlicky broccoli rabe, roasted eggplant, zucchini, squash, tomatoes, and peppers, provolone and balsamic.  I have to admit that philly is not my favorite city but I would keep returning for Di Brunos.
Since I live in the suburbs, I'm still a newbie at Di Bruno's; tried a few of their cheeses, breads and pastas.   Cheese and other items purchased were excellent and will return to try other offerings soon.    The store is well organized, very clean, and offers great selection in the specialty food category that supermarkets try to copy but can't match.
Yes, they sold out. Yes, the other locations are not as good as this one no matter how much more they sell there (including prepared foods, which this one does not sell), but they are the original. They are the best in the Italian Market.

My family has been coming here for at least 30 years, probably more. I've tried their counterpart (you know who I mean, the ones who Yelpers with lower standards claim are "not pretentious like DiBrunos"), who feel more like a Jewish deli, who are not as knowledgeable or as friendly as DiBrunos. They're definitely cheaper, but you get what you pay for. DiBrunos has higher quality meats and cheeses ("the other one's" house provolone has NOTHING on DiBrunos Auricchio Stravecchio). 

DiBrunos is where you will have the best experience at the Italian Market. The "cheese mongers" are engaging, will make the best pairing suggestions, and help you find the cheese that's right for you. 

The best part? They feed you like an Italian grandma and let you try EVERYTHING (even the $120/lb. jambon iberico, which by the way, is amazing. I bought a few slices once).

Pro tip: the black lava cashews are incredible.
recently in my search for the the perfect roast pork sandweech i stop by there- sandwich average- meat was a bit on the bland side and they served it on a kaiser roll instead of sub roll?? BUT this man loves himself some cheese and salty meats and you can not go wrong with Di Brunos for that! ...don't forget their filled to order canolis...mmm canolis
Thank you for sucking the extra money out of my wallet that I'm saving by doing all of my grocery shopping in the Italian Market, as I'm sure I'd only spend it on crack instead.

I've tested you, Di Bruno Bros, oh, how I have tested you.  I know my cheese and meat to the point where people asking me if I've worked in a shop like yours, which has turned me into a sadist.

I've asked you for things that don't make sense.  Cheeses that are flaky, moist, strong, and smooth, and somehow, you pull something out that fits.  YOU DEFY THE LAWS OF PHYSICS.  THESE THINGS CANNOT EXIST.  How can you give me free samples of THAT WHICH CANNOT BE?!

Please, stop messing with the fabric of the universe.  It's dangerous.
One of Philadelphia's absolute not-to-be-missed establishments.  If you can appreciate good cheese, that is.

Whether a novice or expert when it comes to cheeses, Di Bruno's will make you oh-so-happy.  The prices are high, the lines are long, and the space is super-cramped, but who cares?!  

Take advantage of the free samples of virtually any cheese they stock... all you have to do is ask.  You taste, they explain, you make your choices and walk out satisfied, smarter, and eager to get home and enjoy your amazing find.  Your wallet will, however, be measurably thinner, so be prepared.

Be sure to pick up a container of one of their house-made cheese spreads, a perpetual staple in our fridge.  The spicy Abbruzze spread is a favorite, but there are another 5 or 6 varieties to choose from as well.
Emilio Mignucci heads up this family establishment that has not only a phenomenal selection, but an engaging & knowledgeable staff.  Trivia -- the shop was featured in a scene in the Cameron Diaz movie "In Her Shoes" and employee "Johnny Smiles" even has a line.  Great catalog and online ordering as well -- gift baskets make a great housewarming gift.
