Can I just please move in here? Just a tiny corner for dog and I. We won't be loud, I promise!

I can't believe I've lived in SJ for 3 years and this was my *first* time ever stepping foot into a Di Bruno Bros. and I fell deeply in love. I was like a kid in a candy store. From the glorious meats and fish to the beautiful cheeses and crackers (hello Raincoast crisps!), and olive oils and vinegar to chocolates and cupcakes and I could go on forever!

Sure, this isn't an every week kind of place, but I'm known for making a killer cheese plate and this place with definitely up my game. 

The upstairs cafe was not open but I will be back to venture up there.
Is there really another option? 

Di Bruno Bros corners the market on cheeses, cured meats, gourmet foodstuffs and prepared items to eat at home or in the bright second floor cafe. A cheese called Etorki that I tried two years ago at a lunch meeting was waiting for me to try again on a visit last week. On another trip in the same week, my boyfriend ordered a muffuletta sandwich, which I had never had the pleasure of tasting before. It was unbelievable, served alongside house-made kettle chips. 

I can already see myself relying on Di Bruno's stock rather than making a trip to the grocery store. This will be great for the taste buds and bad on the wallet. Fortunately, with three more check-ins I'll get 10% off my purchase. I plan on making that trip count.
How can you not love Di Bruno Bros.? They have fresh meats, fresh vegetables, baked goods, and cheese! Goodness, they've got tons of cheese. And not just cheddar.

Calling them a comfy, miniature Whole Foods is almost insulting, but you get what I'm trying to say, right? Just sit upstairs and have a cup of coffee and you'll understand.

Di Bruno Bros. may not necessarily be the best deal on the block, but you get what you pay for.
As much as I love dibruno bros, the price point has finally gotten out of control. Today I ordered a very conservative portion of vegetable lasagna. To my bewilderment when I got to the counter to pay the cashier said without hesitation "that will be $17 (SEVENTEEN) dollars" I said but, but, it's just one piece of lasagna!!! 

After setting up a payment plan for the 3"x3" piece of lasagna, I was in shock.


FAQs
1. Was it the best lasagna I've ever had? No.
2. Do I regret it? Everyday.
3. Was there a $10 bill actually in the lasagna? NO!

After finishing off the costly dish, I thought about what else I could have spent $17 FREAKING DOLLARS on. A few things came to mind
1. 3 VHS copies of Home Alone 2
2. Two 10-packs of Hanes socks
3. Helped a small child in a third world country for just 69 cents a day for 24 days.
4. 3 twinkle tushes (look it up) with money to spare!!


Idk diBrunos, y'all got some tasty snacks but $17 for a piece of lasagna?
My only resolution for 2013 is to learn something non-scholastic this year. And, considering my proximity to a veritable cheese mecca, it almost seems silly for it not to be cheese.  So, don't be surprised to see me haunting the fromage counter quite often this year.  

Luckily, the mongers of cheese at DiBruno are not only Pros as far as their cheese knowledge and expertise in suggested pairings, they're also some of the nicest folks out there. Not sure what a cheese is? Ask them, they'll explain (and give you a taste). Trying to compare two different styles for that dreamy cheese plate you're concocting? Let em know, they'll join you in taste testing both.  Just a little peckish before lunch? Grab a taste. Seriously, you don't even need an excuse.  It's wins all-around.  And, the thing is, even if DiBruno was limited only to the cheese counter, I'd be happy as a clam.

Luckily (for all of us), there is so much more. Assorted meats for slicing and charcuterie, prepared EVERYTHING so that you can Picnic in the Park with ease and convenience. Their bakery department is always chock-full of carby goodness, and the desserts.... oh baby. Chocolates to please any palate, sweet cupcakes and cannolis, you could just ogle for days.  But, at some point, do yourself a favor and buy something.

I know, I know, it seems pricey. But, as a great man (a fictional man played by Aziz Ansari) once (several times) said: Treat Yo Self. 

I don't think I could do all of (or even 10% of) my shopping for various foodstuffs at DiBruno (unless I stopped paying rent...) but, as far as a special treat when I'm gunning for gourmet, this is my go-to. And, chances are, if you're strolling around during lunchtime or on the weekends, you'll probably end up getting enough free samples to act as a gratis amuse bouche.  And who's not into that?
Definitely the best Di Bruno's in the city! Prices are high but quality is good. The staff is always super friendly. The guy in the cookie department is well acquainted with me, hehe. Their hot food is always delicious. Can get a little packed so try to avoid at peak hours.
It's really quite a shame how DiBrunos has gone down hill in recent years. The service is a far cry from what it used to be. Now you have to try and get someone's attention to help you, where before they would have been all over you asking if you needed anything.
The food also is not receiving the care it should. Just today I stopped in for a pronto chicken sandwich. When I got back to the office, though, I realized the the chicken was raw and inedible. What a waste of $11. 
With so many competitors vying for your food dollars, DiBrunos seems to be resting on their old laurels and not maintaining the quality they once exhibited.
My source for specialty food products - especially the fabulous selection of balsamic vinegar, a good cheese counter and swanky (pricey) prepared foods that taste as great as they look.

A small coffee is $1.99 - so not too bad.
Fresh OJ for $2.99 in the AM with a carb-laden pastry?  (Try the flaky cinnamon stick - like dessert for breakfast).
Catering, too!

Lines can get long but the move quickly.

Thank goodness we have Di Bruno's.
I literally just got back from a eatfest all over Rittenhouse Square, with Di Bruno being my first stop.  I was able to park myself in a garage on 16th and Chestnut, but mind you, it is super expensive to park there. 

The downtown area is all sorts of buzzin with foot traffic, car traffic, everything kind of traffic.  There are tons of boutiques and eateries all around so choosing a place to eat was a bit cumbersome.  So I did what any foodie would do, I stopped at more than 1...or 2..or even 3 eateries within the hour.

Di Bruno was my first stop.  This cheese and meat deli has everything, to go entrees with so many options, it's a little mind boggling, charcuterie, raw meats, cheese and more cheese. Oh you know how I love my samples.

I didn't want to sit and dine since I had other stops to conquer so I chose a few options off their to go and of course tried their samplings.

Nicely prepared food and what a gorgeous selection of everything.  Loved Di Bruno and i imagine, they have something for every possible palate out there.
Poor Philly :(

My heart goes out to the foodies, wine lovers and true appreciators of fine foods and gourmet pairings that are forced to live in a Quaker-like state with outdated and unnecessary laws and rules about the purchasing of my good friend, vino.  

Last night, I decided on a chill evening back at the hotel room instead of the ragers we'd been partaking in all week and decided to treat myself and order some room service. As I perused the menu and did some basic math, I came to the startling conclusion that my night in my sweats would cost about $100. You think I kid. Bottle of "okay" wine $52. The Frenchie platter $28 and the movie $10.99. Can I get a "fuck that!"

And so, in the rain, I decided to put my new coat purchase to work and explore a little. I remembered the owner of 707 (great restaurant, btw) saying that there was Di Bruno's right near my hotel and so I figured I'd pop in there and check it out.

When I walked in, I instantly loved it. I saw happy baguettes sticking out of their paper wrappers with huge smiles. I saw an entire back area of cheese...along with one hell of a cute guy working that section. And on my way to the cheese, I saw an entire case full of salumiiiis, meats and other deelish things and I knew I was set...until I realized they didn't sell wine. What the hell?

The cheese hunk explained that they only sell it at State stores. What a lame idea that is. Here you have a store full of yummy and deelish things and all they can offer is a little Orangina to pair with your nibblies. So Wrong, Philly. So wrong.

He then told me there was a store a few blocks down where I could buy wine, which was great, but still, that is just asinine. After paying for my Drunken Monk cheese and a whopping .68 sense worth of sliced hot salami (talk about a hookup), I grabbed a baguette and a little salad and headed for the wine store down the street.

Normally I would have deducted a point for the lack of wine, but seeing as how this isn't their fault and Philly's dumb rule fault, well, they are good to go with 5 stars from this little chica. Oh and my entire din din only ended up costing me $30. So neener neener Sofitel!
The food is mostly excellent[*]. We visit Philadelphia pretty often and end up here every time.
However the sneaky ways in which they nickel and dime customers leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Example 1. I picked a few apples from a bin that said 1.99/lb.  They rang it up at 5.99/lb. I asked and they said they must have been in a wrong bin. But they don't even have a bin that says 5.99! (I did not buy the apples)
Example 2. Their coffee is awesome. They silently charge 50c more for almond milk (and this price isn't even posted). I'm not going to go broke over 50c, but I'd prefer to be able to enjoy my food without needing to watch out for getting ripped off. Their posted prices are high enough.
[*] except for the breakfast buffet upstairs, which always looks like leftovers from previous day.
DiBruno's is a must stop shop for anyone with culinary leanings. Want to host a small dinner party? DiBruno will hook you up from hors d'Oeuvres to dessert.  All this selection making you woozy? Stop by their coffee bar for an Illy espresso. Need a nibble on the fly? Sample from their generous array of freebies. Hankering for potato salad? Check out their cold to-go dishes. Navigating the city in search of Orangina? It's there. For the business lunch crowd, head upstairs for a café experience, you order, they prepare. 

If you, like me, are always hungry, DiBruno's is a serious place to stimulate your olfactory. Their stuff isn't cheap though. I came in last night for a bottle of olive oil and $14.99 was the least expensive thing they had. Imported ish comes at a price, y'all.
Gourmet food as far as the eye can see...ahh, I'm still drooling just thinking about it. This reminded me a lot of Dean & Deluca in NYC, one of my favorite stores of all time. And this says a lot, considering that I can't cook to save my life.

But since the ability to wield a kitchen tool isn't a pre-requisite to appreciating good food, I was so psyched to finally get to Di Bruno Bros. How could I have lived here so long without going here? Anyway, prepare yourself for some of the yummiest sandwiches in town (my husband and I split the proscuitto, mozzarella, pesto & tomato sandwich - it was huge and incredibly delicious), an amazing cheese selection, bread & pasta out the wazoo and incredible desserts. We got a cannoli and lemme tell ya...I downed that sucker in a matter of seconds. Without apology (except to my husband, who was pretty much left with just a small pile of powdered sugar).
Very disappointed today with your cookies and desserts. We spent about $25 for a small container of crostini bread slices, 8 pumpkin white chocolate chip cookies and 4 chocolate covered pretzels. You sold us old, stale cookies that we embarrassingly had to share with friends on a lunch function. Get your act together and keep your products fresh.
I almost stopping shopping at your store when you cut the size of your pre-packaged salads and increased the price. Not a good look. 
Then I go to get a piece of cooked salmon and get back to my office to notice the receipt says 15.99 for the salmon. 3.99 a lb I had 1.5lbs, not 15.99. I went back to your store and was told that the salmon is $15.99 per piece....really? Is your salmon special, cooked with truffles? I think not. 
I can go to Marathon Grill get a larger piece of salmon and a huge salad for $11.50. And this is exactly what I will be doing from now on. 
I can't believe the prices at this place, just crazy! Fresh fruit, strawberries, and blueberries-$6.99 a small container? I'm not cheap and spend a lot of $$$ on dinning out, Wholefoods shopping, but this place Is just ridiculously over priced for no reason at all. 
I would think twice before shopping here.
I usually try to make it a point to come here whenever I'm in Philly for good reasons. Cheese and Vegetarian Foods! 
Whole Foods is too far from where I'm staying at, so Di'Bruno is my best option for getting gourmet food on the fly. 
I stopped by this evening, so I could bring something on my flight tomorrow. Airline food never really satisfies me, so I bought some kale, vegetarian bean burger and some rosemary garlic bruscetta to get me through the day. 
Airline travel needs to be done in true survival mode these days, so an expert jet setter's got to be prepared.  
The shop is small, but it's well stocked with high end items at high end prices. They have  freshly prepared salads, cheese plates, pastries and other gourmet take aways that are simply delicious and surprisingly affordable.
This place gets pretty crowded though, so patience is necessary when standing in line. 
Definitely a great place to have breakfast and coffee in the morning. 
4.5 stars.
Oh, it's expensive all right. I'm always wiling to throw down for their cheese, cured meats, smoked fish, patés and gourmet food stuff but everything else is overpriced city.

$3 for a yellow bell pepper? almost $2 for a vidalia onion? That's highway robbery!  Though it's convenient and fresh, avoid buying produce here and go to Sue's just down the street.
It pains me to write this review because I have heard so much about Di Bruno Brothers, but after 3 less than positive experiences, I think I gave it a fair shake. And frankly, if I am going to hand over my paycheck to you when I shop in your store, I expect good quality. 

My first experience was one that I thought would be good, it was my first time in this famous place! Shopped around, picked out some items, and checked out. I arrived home to open up the cherries that I just purchased to discover all of the ones in the center were moldy and rotten! To the store's credit, after returning to the store to show them the next day, the manager was apologetic and refunded my money. Unfortunately, the rotten food experience did not end there. 2 days later, I opened the bacon I had purchased, which was within the expiration date by a month, and it was rotten! I do not know if I have ever smelled something so foul in my life. I marched myself back to the store and shared that this was now the 2nd item of the 10 or so I bought there earlier in the week that was bad. The manager again apologized, refunded my money and asked that I give them another chance. I promised the manager I would revisit the store again, but needed time off!

Second experience, needed some cheese for an office party. I didn't want to break the bank so when I sought some advice from the woman at the cheese counter, she seemed annoyed when I politely shared that her first recommendation was a bit too pricey and that I was hoping to spend a little less. Reluctantly she showed me other options, which were still too high, but out of embarrassment, I quickly grabbed my cheese and headed out. Definitely something that customers wishing to not spend a lot of money should have a heads up about. 

I decided to give this place one more try this weekend, heading over there to buy some goodies. Picked up 2 fancy salamis for a charcuterie that I was making after some careful consideration of what to get. I open up the Smoking Goose, Dodge City salami and discovered that the guy at the counter had sliced it so thin, I couldn't separate the pieces, even after letting it sit on the counter to warm up. I ended up having to tear it into tiny pieces just so that my guests didn't have to eat a blob of salami. It was not appetizing...

I guess its a good thing that I'm pretty much done with this place. I'll probably save some money! Sorry it didn't work out, but I think I gave this place a fair try. If you decide to shop here, just know you may be met with disappointment or rotten food!
We've received their baskets and have loved everything in them.  However, on this last pass, an included item had been switched out for another.  When we called to inquire about this, we were told the originally included item would be sent out to us.

It was, ground shipping.  It took 10 days' travel down to the south for a package of spreadable cheese to reach us.  10 days in the heat made it dangerous to try and we contacted the company to explain this.  They said they'd take care of it.  The 2nd box arrived three days later with cold pack that had long since warmed and a tepid package of cheese.  It, too had been sent ground.

How a company can send perishable items by ground transportation is beyond me.  All of this occurred with no apology, no explanation and no other offers.  I'm hardly one to want something for nothing, but this time Di Bruno Brothers acted toward us like a typical unfriendly company that felt it was being bothered.
I work in Philly a few weeks a month and Di Bruno Bros has become my bread and butter lunch spot.  I could eat there 5 days in row and have something different every day.  That's the beauty of this Italian grocery/ restaurant spot.  

Upon entering Di Bruno bros, you are faced with an important decision, up or down?  If you've never been there... read on, I will give you a little glimpse of what to expect.

SO downstairs it has more of grocery store vibe.  There are different sections where you can buy fresh produce, baked goods, both bread and confections.  Towards the rear of the lower level, is probably one of the best cheese selections Philly has ever known.  There is also a fresh meat and fish counter in the rear of the store.  There is a giant island downstairs that contains a sandwich bar/ and a huge already prepared food section not to mention some of the tastiest deserts.

OK, so the options downstairs are geared towards take away.  Although you have the options of taking them upstairs.  Upstairs at Di Bruno Bros is like a mini restaurant separated into two halves.  The right side is buffet line with already prepared foods, pizzas and a mini salad bar.  Really great stuff over here and it changes daily.  You pay by the pound so be careful.  With out even noticing it, its really easy to drop 15-20 just on lunch.  
On the other side of the upstairs, there is a selection of sandwiches and random other tidbits of that you order and are prepared fresh.  We're talking things like felafel sliders, fried calamari, seared tuna, meatball sliders.. really good looking and more importantly good tasting food.  After ordering at this side, you are given a number card.  You bring this card to your table.  There are about 50 tables upstairs to accommodate seating for around 100-150 people.  A server will see your number and bring you your food.

The whole point of DI Bruno brothers for me, is two fold.  Quality food and tons of options.  Weather it be down or upstairs, you can always find something amazing.  Despite weather its cooked on demand or its already prepared, everything here is fresh because this place is busy.  They have such a high turn over, that most things never sit around. 

mangia
DiBrunos is sorta two different places- you have the crazy gourmet (read: expensive)market downstairs and then you have the crazy gourmet (again read: expensive) cafe upstairs.  

Let's start with the market.  This is like Disneyland for foodies.  Meats, cheeses, jams, pastries, prepared foods that you would have a hard time finding anywhere else.  Just remind yourself that you shouldn't treat Di Brunos like Acme- you won't be able to find everything you need and you won't be able to get a cart full of basic staples for a steal.  But you will be able to find that fancy cheese to impress your friends or a box of amazing pastries to impress your coworkers.  For the market, I'd give it 5 stars.  You are gonna pay but its worth it.

For the cafe upstairs, I'm always a bit underwhelmed.  The price is high (I know its Center City, but c'mon) and I always finish my meal wondering if it was worth the price.  However, if you have some extra dough and need lunch in Center City, it is definitely a good option.  For the cafe, I took off a star due to the price.
I've been here once or twice before, and I am always so amazed by how many and incredible options there are. I love to eat healthy and I love variety. It's great that they have a coffee bar, a smoothie and açai bowl station, salad, sandwich, and entrée options, sushi, juices, and even a seafood and cheese section. It's best to go on an empty stomach as there are a lot of great options. This time around, it was a cold, rainy day and I was craving something warm to eat. I got the salmon with brussels sprouts and sweet potato mash on the side. I was also debating getting an açai bowl for later, but I figured after my shopping it would melt. I still need to go back and do that. You can get your stuff to-go, as most people do or you can sit upstairs where there is a ton of seating, or even downstairs where there is limited seating. I wish there was one of these around me because I absolutely love this place. Prices are on the high side, but the quality of the food is great. It's located in the busy part of downtown Philly which makes Di Bruno Bros even more popular!
Di Bruno's in Rittenhouse is paradise, one of my favorite places on Earth.

Press your face up against the precisely-arranged cases filled with crave-worthy cheeses, meats, prepared foods, pastries, cakes, coffee, breads, charcuterie, fruits, veggies, sandwiches, and more, but try not to drool - this is a pristine establishment.  Pose all of your curiosities to the knowledgeable and helpful staff who will be happy to sample almost anything to you. Be mindful that you'll need at least an hour to meander Di Bruno's in its entirety - delight overcomes you and all else is forgotten as you stumble upon your old favorites as well as novelties you're now dying to try. 

If you want, make a day out of it and bring your riches upstairs to the cafe. You can even make a day out of it in the comfort of your own home, Di Bruno's caters. And although they're pricey, it's never a let-down.
This review is only for prepared foods and does not consider Di Bruno's specialty grocery. The grocery is just fine, it's grocery. 

Today was strike two for Di Bruno. As a prodigal daughter of Philly, I was excited when I realized my new office would be so close to this old coveted lunch spot of mine. I last walked through those doors 5 years ago and let me say that either I've gotten far more picky about the quality of the food I spend money on, or the food has simply started sucking. I spent 8 dollars on a salad that looked like it was going to be amazing. It had goat cheese, strawberries, fig, pecans, spring mix, and a healthy serving of creamy balsamic. I was looking forward to killing it, so when I got back to my desk I cracked that baby open and went at it. WHAT?!?!?!?! what's all this rotten black lettuce?? Surely I can't eat rotten lettuce so I picked out the most obvious pieces on the top, assuming it was a fluke.... until I realized that it was one homogenous layer of crappy, black, soggy, rot. Hidden from plain view during the vetting period in the store by the gloriously chosen fixins that lay on top. As I don't have time or the will to run back to the store demanding some explanation (although apparently have time to write this), the result is an occupied cubicle trash bin, teeming with gloppy salad bits and sadness. 

This follows strike one, which involved a bad decision regaring pasta carmella. I won't specify, but I needed an extra long shower that night.

Di Bruno Bros, where have you gone wrong? You used to be the mecca of free cheese samples and impulse cookie purchases... Where a girl could get a delicious salad and follow it up with some bougie pastry and your guests would be impressed after you lied and said that you just threw it together. I can honestly say, your prepared foods are no longer party worthy; and they are no longer lunch worthy. Please step up your game. You know what "strike three" means.
I have become a more regular shopper here, mainly for the delicious prepared meals.  I love the delicious chicken dishes, especially the chicken Marsala, although the pieces have been smaller recently.  I also love the yummy stuffed pork chops, those scrumptious mashed sweet potatoes are my favorites!  I do like the grilled chicken breasts, chicken parmigiana, rotisserie chicken and homemade soup too.  I also enjoy the fresh produce selection but some things are too expensive, although most things are very fresh!  The pastries are yummy, I am a big fan of the biscotti, lil chocolates by the register and I have had loose cookies which were very tasty.  There are other grocery items that I enjoy and a nice cold beverage selection but watch your wallet, things add up in price here!  I will say that I really enjoy the prepared meals especially because I don't cook and they're super convenient.  The fresh berries and fruit salads were very good too, I gave one as a gift.

Customer service here is very good.  I think that being able to email people with my concerns and being compensated for subpar experiences with a gift card is excellent quality service.  I know some people who work here from other jobs so I am biased that I really enjoy seeing them!  I'm glad DiBruno's is around.  I've gotta try the cafe next!
This is an amazing gourmet food store, and a must visit. They have everything from prepared foods, cakes, breads, cheeses, a butcher counter, cured meats...you get it. The store is always bustling, and there is so much to look at. Yes, it is a little pricey, but you're worth it!
Great local spot to grab prepared food, cold cults, and miscellaneous items.

It's not gourmet or anything amazing, and they could use more organic options, but it's definitely worth stopping by if you're hungry.

It's been a staple of center city for quite some time and it is for sure a good location.
This review is about the cafe only. I got the bolognese and at best, it was a step above corporate cafeteria. The pasta was totally overboiled and fell apart on the fork. The temperatures were complete microwave: boiling in pockets, and watery-leftovers cool in others. It was drowning in cream sauce whose main ingredients were 30 lbs of salt and cream. Paired with crappy coca-cola corp iced tea from the fountain and that will be $14 please. The other cafe items looked on a par with the pre-prepared italian food in Reading Terminal. In other words, salty, weirdly unfresh, corporate catering quality, and basically, regret on a plate. Only here it's 30% pricier. Not special or delicious and it felt like a waste.
I find myself really disappointed... Everyone knows and loves it this place, but I'm starting to feel that it's just an overpriced name. Today I brought 2 coworkers here for pannini's because they're from out of town and have heard the name... We just finished lunch and I find myself feeling foolish. I asked the guy making panini's if they really press them down well and if they have decent amount of meat... He truly  misguided me. Not only were the sandwiches cold with only a few press lines on it, but there was two thin slices of prosciutto.. Two little slices and the sandwich was worth $9? Come on Di Bruno's, step your panini game up!!
This is based entirely on their catering, but I can't recommend it to anyone.
When we ordered the food, they told us that each tray would feed 20 people, and that it would come between 11:30 and 12. It did finally come.... at 12:30, and in much smaller quantities than I'd been promised.
That tray for 20? It had 12 pieces of chicken in it. Twelve.
If I had known that the quantities didn't actually feed 20, I would have ordered more. But the small amount of food combined with the lateness of the delivery left us all very hungry and some people didn't get fed.
Not exactly happy with my order from the online store. Purchased the "Brie Mine" gift set. I understand substitutions may sometimes occur, but out of the 6 items described as being included in this gift set, I only received two as described; Brie and crackers.

What I ordered:
8oz Brie cheese
4oz Goat cheese
8oz Comte Fleur cheese
Crackers
Venchi Suprema Fondant
Wildwood Berry Berry chocolate bar

What I received:
8oz Brie
No goat cheese (no third cheese)
9oz Hardison cheese
Crackers
Marco Colzani Hazelnut spread
Orange and Cherries chocolate bar

I also want to note, it took longer for them to process and prepare my order than it took UPS Ground shipping to actually deliver it. (3 days before being shipped) 

I guess when it comes to giving someone a gift, it's the thought that counts, but Di Bruno Bros certainly failed on the execution. Nearly a $100 mistake I won't be making again. Nice looking boxes though!
I hit up dibrunos whenever I go to someones place and feel like I should bring something, definitely a crowd pleaser. The cheese selection is to die for! My favorites are the Prima Donna and Lamuse, clearly a huge fan of Gouda. You can talk to the people working and they'll let you sample the cheeses until you find one you like and you can get as much or as little as you want. 

Also the lunch specials are good too. I love the crab cake sandwich that comes with 2 sides for 10 bucks.
This review is a review about customer service and management, it has clearly gone out the window at this place. With all of the new were excellent food markets in Philadelphia, I don't see why people would want to subject themselves to some of the unpleasantness I saw there a few days ago in the evening.

Now I've been going to Di Bruno Brothers On my Philly trips for years. Back in the day they were really the only place you could go for a really nice Stuff. Many of their premade items were really great, and the selection of cheeses pretty much unparalleled in the city.

And the customer service has always been pretty good. But what I witnessed the other day was really troubling. I saw a male customer there with two women-it was before 8 PM and they close at 8:30, and the women were trying to order from behind the counter. One of the counter salespeople was already mopping the floor-I think his name is **Marquis** from his name tag. The women asked him where they should order and I suppose he thought they were trying to order from him--he was so put out by this that he aggressively pointed and I'm pretty sure use some foul language to direct them to the other server. He then saw the male customer who was with them and backed off. I've never seen anything like this. The guy said "how rude!" and left it at that. The women I think chose to not speak up...

I couldn't have been more disappointed to see this. DiBruno brothers-get your act together! If you even have one employee that talks to people like this you have a serious problem. The whole place looked ready to close by 7.50pm--people shouldn't feel rushed much less angrily snapped at forty minutes before close (or anytime). Really shameful. 

I'll head to Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, or Sprouts on my next visit.
Approach the cheese counter. Tell the smiling, fetching young bearded fellow that you are looking for something creamy and heart-stopping. Watch him roll up his sleeves, pull out some massive wheels and cut you sliver after sliver of cheese until you've found your perfect match. Don't settle. This is important. Wait for the one that stops the world and melts with you. Ask him to slice you the cheapest hunk possible. Buy a baguette and you are all set for a happy happy picnic.
I love that this location is two levels--twice the opportunity to buy and eat the great food! I still haven't eaten upstairs, but I imagine that it's just as expensive as the ground floor.

This location has full fish, meat, and cheese counters in addition to a bakery, plus all of the typical gourmet/hard-to-find prepared products that makes DiBruno Bros great. Fantastic if you need some weird cheeses for your fancy party or if you need to get just the right soda for your Italian cousins.

Extra notes: The cheesemongers are great and will let you sample anything you want (in addition to the samples lying around!). If you go to the side of the bakery, you can find day-old bread for sale at half price--you have to go early enough, though.
Dear Di Bruno's:

Your cheese selection is fantastic, and most of the cheese staff know their stuff.

Your meat is usually very good.

You should be ashamed of yourself for selling the quality of seafood you do for the prices that you do. I've had extremely expensive imported sardines--"fresh off the boat", you promised, but they were foul when I went to clean them; limp tilapia and sad, dried-out filets of various other fishes; but today you took the cake: I bought your bay scallops, which I was assured were very fresh and not chemically treated. They looked clean and perky, but after I washed and dried them, and threw them in my very hot pan? They released a ton of liquid and the unmistakable odor of sodium tripolyphosphate. I tried one, and trust me, this scallop was neither fresh NOR was it a dry scallop as promised (and priced). They were inedible. What a waste of money and food.

Shame on you.
Great selection of "artisan " products. The workers are very friendly , I was asked about ten times if I needed help ( as I walked around with my mouth watering). All the prepared food looks delicious and fresh. I bought some goat cheese , crackers and chocolate covered fruit I'd re buy all the items i purchased next time. I don't eat meat but the counter had a line so I'm assuming they have great offerings. Next time I'm getting something from the bakery since the baked goods looked full fat and full awesome!
I have been to this wonderful inner city grocery store several times now. 
I love it so much. Let me start by saying that the staff is super helpful and so very friendly!
It smells like Italian Heaven in there. With all the wonderful smells of lovely cooking food and fresh food all around the store. 
During the week there are no samples around, at least that I have ever seen. But, on the weekends they are everywhere. 
They have a butcher section with lots of meats,and fresh seafood. A cheese section, bakery, and Deli that is by far the most awesome I have ever seen.
Food imported from all over the world . As well as many types of pasta and Sausage. You can make the best dinner you have ever had with the ingredients from this wonderful shop.   You can even purchase the famous Philly Pretzels here.
A bit high priced, but well worth it.
By the way , there is a wonderful restaurant upstairs as well.
I find this place a little overrated. I think it's because it's a Philly thing. I think it's because it's in Rittenhouse. I think it just feels posh to have a Dibruno's grocery bag...idk tbh. 

The other customers have their noses in the air. Like stop excessively critiquing your tomato just to look cool in front of everyone. 

The employees are extremely nice and helpful. 

The cheeses are phenomenal. But are they that much better than cheese you can get at Trader for a fraction of the price? Maybe if you're a cheese coinossior, but the everyday gal, TJ will do. 

For example, I bought speghetti here for like $4-5 thinking it was gonna be 4-5x better than TJ's 99 cent pasta. Couldn't tell the difference! 

I really love cooking and think I have a pretty good pallette.. but unless you're really a cheese person, just go elsewhere.

Premade items upstairs in the caf are again underflavored and greasy/sodium-y in my opinion.
Im hosting a wine and cheese party...so naturally I needed to find some cheese and I definitely made the right decision coming here. 

I had never been in before but with the clear signage saw what I was looking for, went straight back to the cheese section and was immediately overwhelmed by all of the options. I have to give a special shout-out to David Myers who came to my rescue (here's a guy who LOVES his job). He was so knowledgeable and patient, allowing me to taste a variety of options and writing notes for me about recommended wine pairings. I left with some delightful sheep, goat and cow milk cheeses and on top of that he made recommendations and offered samples of some unique jams to go with them...this wasn't your average fig jam. There were so many to choose from. 
...then I went over to the charcuterie...then I got some fruit...some nuts...and I absolutely did not forget the olives...and crackers!!!

This gem is a one stop shop if you're entertaining...pricey though, you're definitely paying to play but I'd say it's worth it for the cheese and most everything else except the fruit. I'd recommend you get your fruit elsewhere, seemed a bit old.
We were walking toward Butcher Bar for a quick bite on our last night in Philly when my husband spotted this market and asked me if I wanted to check it out, get some fruits, etc. 

Walked inside, and instantly loved the setup and all the fresh produce, with a lot of Organic options right in front of you. The strawberries were freaking giant! Nectarines were small, but so fragrant that I had to buy a couple because I knew they would be ripe and delicious. Savored every bite of the fruit the next morning and wish I had bought more, but did not want to transport them home and have them get crushed. Gorgeous, green basil leaves, vibrant red tomatoes, golden bananas, cherries, grapes, peppers, carrots, apples, onions, broccoli, yogurt, boxed and bagged salads or greens. Fresh cut mixed  fruit containers were delicious --  large chunks and pieces of cantaloupe, honeydrew, strawberries, blueberries -- everything was sweet. Not a rotten piece of fruit anywhere. We got two containers and they were a bit pricey about $8 per container, but it was so hearty that it was worth it.

There is a section of pre-cooked foods, like packaged salads, pasta salad, potato salad, chicken salad wraps, Cesar salads, Cobb salads, pot pies. Chicken cesar salad was small, but all the romaine pieces were fresh, not browned, chucks of chicken were thick, albeit a bit dry, and while there were not croutons, there seemed to be baked parmesan cheese crisps. Very interesting, and added a lot of flavor as well as crunch. The cesar dressing that it came with was a bit inconsistent however. My container had creamy thick dressing. My husband's was watery, and oily, as if it was separated or a bad batch? 

Hot foods like rotisseries, half chickens, Andouille sausages/mashed, and more prepared foods behind the class counters. A section of cheeses (looked fancy to me!), a deli meat counter, butcher/seafood section, a wall of jams and nut butters. A counter full of cookies, brownies, chocolate covered pretzels, and a selection of cakes, tarts, pies. 

At the checkout registers, there are chocolates and a huge variety of health bars. Have a small seating area for the cafe. Overall, looks like a very cozy space and while a small store, it's a lot of fun to peruse, and if you're open and into healthy options, you can probably find something!
If it weren't so expensive I'd give it 6 if I could.   Awesome selection of gelato/ice cream, honey, and cheeses.  I got this black current Dijon mustard that was awesome - with turkey, lettuce, tomato, sandwich is a great lunch.  They also have basil Dijon and peppercorn Dijon (photos posted) that I can't wait to try.  I also can't want to try their toasted coconut, whiskey pecan, and pistachio honey ice creams!  I am not an ice cream fan, but those flavors sound way too awesome for me (or you!) to pass on.  

Their cheese selection is terrific, as well the staff - or so I like to call my cheese senseis.  They  have lots of cheese samples - which I think is really nice because people can get a taste before they commit to a gigantic block.  

Their fish and meet section is okay... I don't really taste the difference in quality between theirs and Whole Foods.  It's also a lot more expensive - but I guess Di Bruno Bros. is in a pretty awesome, prime spot location.

They also have hibiscus, rose, and jasmine water.  This is awesome because I can make my own funky flavored lemonades.  Speaking of lemon, their lemon is $1.99 each :(  Even though they may look big, it's mostly rind (base on my experiences elsewhere)

Don't get me started on the honey selection.  I'm gonna become diabetic.  

They're bakery selection is also impressive - I have been eying that  tiramisu, but unfortunately is an entire cake.  I guess I'll have to wait for someone's birthday!  Yes, getting someone their birthday cake in the flavor I like :p

I personally gave is a four $ rating, because it's impossible for me to NOT splurge...  So do not go in there with a "blank check." ;-)
Very nice place to buy groceries or get some bakeries or get some food and a lot of things offered. All the food looks fresh.

I still think its overpriced, except for the fresh squeezed orange juice. Priced 4$ and i am more than willing to pay. Especially on a hot summer day!
I am pretty OBSESSED with Di Bruno Bros. especially this location because it's so big and roomy (much more spacious than the other locations) therefore I can wander in here to my hearts content or sit and read in the upstairs cafe. 

Any of my friends could tell you.  I am a loyal customer and am there as often as possible to buy something...sometimes I get meat from the butcher, cheese, bread, favorite pre-prepared items and whatnot.

They are a bit pricey, but it is definitely worth it.

Their Aged Balsamic is to die for! If I could drink it, I would.  I also am a big fan of their olive oil.  I use it a lot as a finishing oil with pasta and garlic.  A little bit goes a very long way for both the balsamic and the oil.  If you are unsure of what to get, make sure you speak to someone who works there, they will let you sample and explain what you are getting and what to use it for!

I also LOVE their sandwiches and wraps.  I have a serious thing for a great sandwich or wrap.  I will say I really like all of their sandwiches/wraps that I have tried, but my favorites so far are:  

The Diavolo Wrap
The Italian Market 
The Italian Hoagie
Turkey BLT Wrap 
Prosciutto Rustico 

Also, keep in mind, a few times I have gone in to grab something and they didn't have what I wanted...(I was trying to stick to the healthier side of things that day) and a staff member made it for me while I waited and was super helpful in substituting one or two things that I wanted differently.

I am also in LOVE with their Pasta Carmella (hands down one thing I have to get every time I am there), they have great chicken or pork sausages, fantastic chicken masala, meatballs and lasagna...the list goes on.  Honestly, I don't think you can go wrong ordering anything here.

Their produce is super fresh and delicious.  They also carry great gourmet band items as well as their house made brand items.  I also love their cheese, it is something you have to get when you go here.  You can taste before you buy and the staff is always happy to assist you in your selections!

The staff is always extremely helpful!  They are always happy to make suggestions, give cooking tips, and they always let you taste something before you buy it (which is awesome when buying an expensive cheese which I ALWAYS buy cheese when I am here).  Everyone you speak to here knows what they are talking about and are willing to assist.  The staff is so knowledgeable and friendly, its like they've known you for a long time and want you to have the best experience at the store that you could possibly have.

Absolutely a place to try if you haven't and certainly a place to go back to again and again!
I've become more of a fan since my last review so I'm adding a star. Prices are still too high, but I've since discovered that it pays off to diversify and buy more than just the meatballs that I love. They make really good sandwiches too, like Italian and hot turkey hoagies. Plus they make such delectable desserts. The red velvet cake and carrot cake are my personal favorites. Service can be hit or miss. Sometimes the workers will completely ignore me.
DiBruno Brothers is just incredible. It's the ultimate Italian supermarket, and I prefer its approachability to the crowded and overwhelming Eataly in New York. And let's not forget.. DiBruno's came first.

Every time I am in Philadelphia, I make a special trip to either this location, or to the original small South Philly location, both of which stock their incredible cheese spreads (pesto, port wine and cheddar, garlic and herb, spicy abbruzze, etc..). When my husband was living in South Philly, and we were first dating, one of my fondest memories was when we walked around the icy February streets of the Italian market to cook a romantic Italian dinner in his apartment. We purchased the majority of the meal from DiBruno Brothers. With fresh pasta, a full meat counter, jars of sauces, fancy chocolate bars, and unique cheeses, DiBruno Brothers really has everything you need. I love this place.
I've been going to the one in the Italian market for over twenty years and have been to the one in center city since it opened. There are obviously reasons to appreciate what you can get, even if it is expensive. 
Meats: Pretty good but overpriced.
Fish: Very mediocre and ridiculously overpriced. 
Salumni: decent...
Dry goods (olive oil, salted anchovies, vinegars, etc.): pretty good. 

Cheese: OK, this is where I get annoyed since is their claim to fame. The selection is obviously very good. And the price, well, it's just the way it is. What pisses me off is that almost all of the soft cheeses from France (cow of goat)--which cost $20-40/lb. are completely utterly shot. And they don't know this, or they pretend not to know this. They even have cheeses that, as they say, "we age ourselves." 
No you don't, you ruin them. They aren't edible when you are done with them. 

See, here's the deal. Contrary to what they will tell you, cheese is not supposed to taste/smell like ammonia. If it does, it wasn't conditioned properly. And unfortunately, almost all their soft cheeses have been poorly stored. Which is why I recommend that you buy their raw milk American cheeses. These are ridiculously expensive, but as a general rule they are better than the French ones because they have been aged by the cheese maker and then shipped to DBs. So no chance for Di Bruno's to ruin the cheese. You'll notice that these cheeses can be strong...nutty, buttery, earthy, whatever the profile is. But NO ammonia flavors! Why, because that's the sign that a cheese is bad.
 
Here's an experiment for you. By a camembert. Leave it on top of your fridge for a week (this is reproducing the poor storage conditions--in the fridge is poor storage conditions as well, only there it will just dry out and die). Now smell the cheese (actually, you'll be able to smell it within two days). Now taste it. Yuk. It tastes like ammonia. This is not a desirable taste. Maybe someone told you it was. Nope. This cheese is now crap. You can now throw the experiment away. 
That's the taste you are getting from way too many Di Bruno cheeses. I just have to walk by their counter to see that half of them are shot (browing, drooping in the middle rather than shrinking, etc).

Buy one of the crotins de chavignol they are so proud of conditioning themselves. They are inedible. That's not what they are supposed to taste like. Aged crotin is hard as a rock, very intense, but does not taste like amonia (except at the every end of its aging cycle when it has dropped about 50% of its weight through evaporation. 
Again, aged cheese gets more intense, denser, the flavors do get stronger.  They don't taste like ammonia.
So to all the so-called cheese experts selling behind the counter or working in the background, start working and bringing in cheese that has been shipped properly and find a place to store it properly (that would be a cave--do some research on exactly what that means in terms of temperature, humidity, etc) so that when your customers buy cheese for whatever price you are charging (I'm not complaining about that part of things) that they don't have to dump it into the trash when they get home. I can't tell you how many times I've had to do that. 
And if you were wondering where I get my "authority" on the subject, aside from being an insufferable food snob who has thought about and worked with food for as long as he can remember, I grew up eating French cheese in France starting at the age of one and have been eating and enjoying it for more than 50 years. So yes, I know what I'm talking about. 
And by the way, this problem isn't unique to Di Bruno's but this review is about them and they load the bull on more than most about what they do with their cheese.
So unfortunately, again, if you do want decent soft cheeses or goats, go for the American stuff. Much less of a crap shoot. And there are some great ones. See, I'm a snob about what is good, not where it came from.
OOOOHH ya!  I always make a run to this place when in Philly.  I love all of their imported products.  I find things here I can't find anywhere in the states.  My mom was from Germany, and I was able to spend a lot of time there as a kid.  Ahhh the memories!

I am able to pick up Emmi Swiss yogurt which beats all of our US yogurt hands down.  It's to die for.  They also have Kinder-sport chocolate which I still love as an adult.  The last time I went I also picked up a delish slice of rum cake, tortellini in a spicy creamy red sauce, and a fa-bu cheddar cheese.  

In their hot food bar they had an awesome looking salmon.  The food can be pricey, but hey, it's really good stuff, and you will find stuff you can't get anywhere else.  

Be careful, it might induce foodgasms!
Foodies and their apprentices will fall in love with DiBrunos.  While the establishment has gained notoriety for its cheese, DiBruno Brothers has the "x factor" -- a mindblowing array of gourmet goodies of all kinds - sure to satisfy any palette.  

Try the prepared foods and take a seat upstairs in the eat-in cafe.  Or be treated to waiter service and enjoy the day's specials in a classy, quiet atmosphere.   Have a coffee drink or grab yourself one of the many different kinds of beverages available.    

And, of course, don't forget the cheese!
Love stopping in here for lunch.  Favorites are the pulled pork sandwich, the chicken salad sandwich, and the Italian hoagie.  They lose one star for the inconsistency in having cheese and sausage samples.  Most of the time they are there, so when they aren't its extremely disappointing.  I also think everything could be a little bit cheaper, especially the beverages, the cost of a can of soda is astronomical.  I'll usually buy my lunch time beverage somewhere else.
DiBruno's carries Isgro's pastries now. The peach cake is my favorite although now it's not soaked in liquor as it used to be.

Tiramisu is ok. I don't taste the coffee or mascarpone.
I been getting hazelnut ice coffee here for years but today and last time I got it I don't taste the hazelnut and the guy claim he put 3 pumps I don't believe him he added another pump still don't taste it  I'm never buying ice coffee here again I'll stick to my usual Starbucks
I just got a PB Powerhouse smoothie? This was the nastiest smoothie I've ever had in my life. It was $7 which is high because I make better smoothies at home. It actually tasted rotten! Maybe they didn't clean the machine before they made this smoothie. I truly hope I don't get sick. I am pregnant and rotten fruit and vegetables are especially harmful to unborn babies.
So my gf and I hit up Di Bruno Bros on Chestnut Street during a recent visit and filled up on lunch (I only wish it were here when I lived on 15th).  We were pleasantly surprised to find a contemporary market that was ultra clean and easy to shop.  Loads and loads of choices to fill up your cupboards or just to pop in for a quick lunch.  If you live in the area, I can't see shopping anywhere else for Italian goods.  The atmosphere is vibrant and the food we ordered was really fresh.  I got a roasted turkey with peppers and prosciutto on a long roll (toasted).  Nice!  The turkey was really good quality and the peppers and prosciutto were pretty good for sandwiches.  We did also buy some fresh (wheel) cheese and some sausage which I haven't tried yet but if its anything like our sandwich and our overall experience at the market then I can only imagine it'll taste awesome.  Can't wait to go back for another try.
Who doesn't love DiBruno Bros.?  Yes, they're overpriced.  But if you're looking for something unusual (chocolate bar with bacon?  Why not!), this is the place to go.  For a gal on a student salary it's definitely more of a "special occasion"/gift sort of place, but oh the delightful selection of special occasion gifts... If you're a foodie, I can't imagine a better weekend hang out.  Just make sure you give someone your wallet to hold if you're trying to stick to a budget.
This is the burrata that started it all for me. The introduction happened at Per Se in NYC with the rich pairing of Armando Manni's Olive Oil. Holy F. Fresh Mozzarella, encasing a scoop of fresh cream. Hand stretched, it's not stringy but smooth and ultimately very tasty.
One of the best supermarkets/deli's I have been to!
I sampled chocolate covered salame, two ridiculous fig spreads and enough cheese samples to keep me from moving my bowels for several days.
I also got a tomato pie slice which people in Philly don't seem to appreciate.  Very few places in NY and Boston offer that - why?  
If you are really Italian your grandmother probably made you a delicious and greasy tomato pie when you got sent over to her house on the weekends....I always had to take my shirt off when eating it so I wouldn't get tomato on my clothes!
My slice at DiBruno was top notch....and I didn't take my shirt off since I now have a generous pair of man-melons. 
Since I'm a disgusting, sloppy, sorry excuse for a human,  I am going to make DiBruno Brothers one of my top sites to see whenever I'm in Philly.  Screw the Liberty Bell and f*%@k Betsy Ross - DiBruno's is my America!
When visitors come to Philly, Dibruno's is officially part of the tour.  I know the original store would be more historic, but the fact that I have such a wonderful little market just a few blocks from my apartment is quite a gem.  I can't afford to come here often - but perhaps that makes my infrequent visits even better.  

Some of my favorite things:
- The pre-packaged bean salads, fresh mozzarella and other veggie options in their fridge (you can pick up a nice portion for under $5 and have a quick and healthy lunch/dinner).
- Cheese.  duh.  I've recently discovered they're great with recommendations too -- providing me with a great excuse to spend a little more than usual (it's an educational experience!)
- Mini crab cakes with their special aioli dressing.... try them....I recently got some appetizers from their catering department, and everyone LOVED the crab cakes and the chicken satay sticks (apparently their peanut sauce is incredible too).

Since they serve fresh delicious food and they're really friendly, I can forgive them for being so pricey.
Nirvana for the foodie.. all I need to say! I am a foodie.. I love to eat.. and explore all foods.. this place is a culinary delight.. the cheese section reminds me of some fromageries in Paris ... the meat area has samples of pancettas, proscuittos, salamis.. there must be a zillion olive oils.. IF I lived in Philly, I'd frequent this place for dinner parties ...but since I am here for work and need my gourmet, yet healthy fix, this does it for me. The section of salads makes me happy. Many come in large and small. The small is a like a large to me and about half the cost.. There are freshly made soups .. breads... coffee.. hot foods ... I can't get enough.. I even purchased a Swiss fondue set (ceramic ) for only $48 for my parents here.. (they generally run about $110 via WSonoma)... score :)
This place is heaven. My life aspiration is to be mayor of Di Brunos on Foursquare.

Where to begin? This place is especially known for the cheese counter which is great both because of the selection and quality, and because of the staff. Because they age a lot of their own cheese, everyone who works there is really knowledgeable, which is great because the selection can be overwhelming.

The prepared foods are as good as prepared foods ever are. Everything else is all around solid (and priced like you'd expect from a gourmet market).

Don't forget sea salt caramels on the way out. To. Die. For. (They have them both at the register and at the bakery counter).
If you're going here for cheese or meat (or you have so much money you don't know what to do with it), ignore my review--there's probably nothing for you to dislike about this place. Just at a glance, they've got a superb selection.

I, being a fool, saw this place as a fancy little market near my apartment. Unless you want to pay $10 for a jar of pasta sauce that you could get at Trader Joe's for $1.50, don't make the same mistake. No, really. Ten dollars.
Yum yum yum!!  400 different cheeses! Seriously, at any given time they have around 400 different cheeses for sale and tastes are available.

The rest of the shop is food porn also, with an incredible range of artisan and small-market options. Be sure to check out the meat case both for beautiful cuts of meat and seafood, and for delectable prepared dishes to cook at home.

While it's primarily a grocery store, browsing it also makes a fun activity with friends or out-of-town company who are culinary-minded. There's a buffet cafe upstairs if you get overwhelmed with hunger!
This place is foodie heaven!  There is a great selection of cheeses, fresh meats, and prepared food to die for.  

Unfortunately, the prices keep me from going there often.  

I stopped by on the way home once because we needed some spaghetti sauce for dinner.  The jar sauces ranged from $7 to $14--for a JAR of pasta sauce.  It might be delicious and worth every penny, but it's just not within my budget these days.
I kind of liked Di Bruno's better when it was a tiny two separate store fronts operation.  It seemed less contrived and more yummy, though it was just as tight a squeeze.

But I like that now you can actually browse and they sell orangina and there's a ton of options for lunch, including the huge upstairs with table service.  It does stink that it's so crowded at lunch and it's a bit pricey, but the lines move quickly and most things are worth what they're priced at.

They also do some really lovely gift baskets (pre-conceived or you choose the items).

p.s.  They always have free cheese samples at the back of the store...
Whether you like the original (and of course, more authentic) one in the Italian Market or the new transplant (more navigable) in Rittenhouse - this place rocks the house. (a foodie house, that is)

Be prepared to pony up for your cheeses, olives-a-plenty, cured meats, patés, fine condiments, prepared foodstuff and gourmet everything.  I'm in love with the cheese mongers/food therapists - they really know their stuff and they adore their fromage as much as I do. (Triple crème brie, mon coeur belongs to you forever!)

A one-stop shop for a quick lunch, dinner parties, snacks, a picnic in the park, gift basket - what-have-you.  Upstairs has selections galore for lunch and is usually pretty packed.  If you want to skip the crowds upstairs, grab one of their four paninis (grilled to order, located in the back by the cheese area) or their hot sandwiches of the day (hmm, roast pork, italian meatballs, right by the produce section) 

Oh DiBrunos, I swoon.
Honestly you can't go wrong with DiBruno Bros. The food (both cooked and raw) are always fresh and delicious. They also have a ton of specialty items that you simply can't find anywhere else nearby. However, I did have to take a star away for the cheese prices. Paid $27 for a pound of gouda which is insane. Otherwise, great market though.
One word: CHEESE

don't tell anyone but sometimes I go in here at lunchtime and feast on free cheese samples!

I wanted to make a Tiramisu and needed all the authentic Italian ingredients and I knew DiBruno Bros would have all of them and they did! 

I'm not going to lie...It's expensive in here for everything but it's the quality you are paying for--well worth it.
Wide array selections of cheese and meats. You can sample cheese before purchase, even the meat. In March you can vote between two cheese samples which will be in a brackets of winners every day just like basketball March madness. My favorite cheeese is Lamuse Gouda. It's very nutty taste like butterscotch, very addicting. The Swiss cheese is great too. Brabender goat gouda is great paired with salted caramel and apple or recently they had sample wit banana jam. I was so happy that the carry the famous Van Leuwen ice cream from Brooklyn and local ice cream maker Weckerly. Sometimes they have sample tables too sush as olive oil or crackers. Their cheese spread are amazing too. I recommend provolone Chianti and the fig kind. They have prepsred food to, crab cakes are great. There is more options upstairs with seating area.
It is with child like wonder, I walk the tiny aeiles of Di Bruno Bros. It never seems to amaze me that this specialty store has become a main stay of my life. The quick pop in for something small, always ends up with a little more. Contemplating how much more I spent versus how much more I wanted to spend is a regular occurrence. I saunter through the store dreaming of gourmet masterpieces I would create, knowing well the obscene defilement of the beautiful ingredients is a more likely end result.
With little effort, and less skill I can produce cheese plates from my fridge which rival the best restaurants in town.
I stopped in the Saturday before Christmas to pick up the little bag of salted caramels my wife loves so much. The store was packed to capacity with every type of person and several languages being spoken. It seemed as if all humanity may have converged at this one point. Grabbing my one item(a necessity at this time) I took my place in the Noah's ark like line.  I was flabbergasted at how fast the line moved, the cashiers processed orders with an efficiency that would have shaken Henry Ford. when i got to the register, the price tag from my item was missing, the fellow at the counter suggested a price we were both comfortable with and without delay I was out the door.  Free for the moment, but forever caught in their tractor beam.
Di Bruno Bros. is the crème de la crème of Italian specialty stores and, of all their locations, I find this one to be the best.

The staff here is incredibly knowledgable and you could easily spend an hour talking with the cheesemongers and sampling all the incredible cheeses they have to offer. 

Are you looking for some Italian delicacy? No problem. They have it. How about good meats, cheeses, and breads to pair up up with wines for a dinner or party? They've got you covered. Need a prepared meal, sauces, or a dessert? Done.

Let's cut to the chase. I would work here just for the discounts on purchases and, if they rolled out a cot in the basement, I'd live there too.
I had a bad customer service experience at the cafe at 7:40 am. Despite opening at 7:00 am, there were no breakfast sandwiches available. I inquired and the woman behind the counter said that she had already told the person in front of me that they were "still being made upstairs." She then walked away. When I politely asked what that meant...ie, would they be ready shortly? she became visibly annoyed and responded that she had no idea how long they would take, maybe 20 minutes. This is unacceptable and I likely won't be back.
Be still my heart. Goat cheese, fresh bread, and delicious smorgasbord of delicacies as far as the eye can see.
Di Bruno Bros has robbed me of a large amount of cash over my three years in Philadelphia.  If you want olive oil, fine cheeses, superb bread and excellent meats then you can't go wrong.

My favourite addition to the place was the butchers.  The meat is superbly cut and I think it is pretty good value (and not far off supermarket comparable prices) when you consider the quality of the meat.  I seem to spend most of my time buying steak.  I think I've tried all their cuts now.  For me, the Filet Mignon is just too expensive and doesn't justify the extra money for taste or texture but the New York Strip is outstanding.  To be honest, one of these steaks can easily feed two people.

I've also managed to find some random items that I never thought would be locatable.  Dauro olive oil is amazing, tastes like fresh cut grass and I've only ever seen it in two places, an obscure shop in Spain and Di Bruno Bros.  Wow.

The staff are friendly, always happy to hand out advice or cut you a bit of cheese to try.

I always want to try the cafe but it's so damn busy, there never seems to be a seat, so I just take my purchases home and eat them there instead.  Maybe one day there will be a free table.
If I was a rich girl...la la la la la la la...

I would shop here. Cheese that's to die for. Fun sody pop. It's just fun fun fun. I got some cured ham that melted like buttah in my 98.6 degree mouth. At $26.99 a pound it better melt in my mouth and dance in my stomach. It did. Yum.

Until I make mad money (not happening anytime soon) I'll have to settle for Trader Joes cheese.
Amazing.  Every city should have one of these places (ahem...DC!!!)

Even fun just to mill around and check out all their products.
Can I give zero stars? 

I'll start with the fact that I go to Di Bruno Bros in the Italian market all the time and I love it. However when they expanded to a boutique supermarket something got seriously bent. They lost something "family" and got snobby and arrogant. Here's the latest. I'm making a special birthday dinner for a friend. I want to buy some expensive protein (seafood/lamb etc) plus some special veggies. Going through the store I spot a lemon meringue tart and decide to forgo baking. I ask for it and am told "You can't buy it". Why? Acceptable answers: Someone else already bought it, it went bad, etc. Unacceptable answers: "We don't know how much it costs". I call the manager (this is how much I don't feel like baking). Sorry - we can't sell it to you. Seriously? Scenario 1: You estimate the price at $20 (the price for the lemon meringue pie right next to it). You might be over or under buy a couple of bucks, but either way - problem solved - happy customer. Scenario 2. You are rigid and inflexible with a customer and lose their business FOREVER over a couple of bucks. Anyway - I turned right on my heel and left my cart of over $200 worth of food where it stood. I can't believe the level of poor management here, the utter disregard for customers, and the feeling that DiBruno's has gotten to high on themselves. Would give zero stars if I could. Now back at home baking a lime meringue tart. Worth it.
Have enjoyed shopping at DiBruno's for 25 years, first in the Italian Market and now here in Center City.  It is a destination for charcuterie (one of the few places where I can find "Baby Jesus" and artisanal salume (love the one with chipotle)) and offers a dizzying cheese selection.   The produce quality is excellent (I wonder if they hand polish each grape) and is one of the only places outside of Paris where I have seen purple asparagus (sadly, the purple dissipates during cooking). 

I can't award five stars because of the high prices on some items.  I can purchase any number of identical gourmet cheeses, for instance, at Roma's, Altomonte's or Trader Joe's for half the price.  

The store is beautifully laid out and a great addition to Chestnut Street.
This place is okay for lunch, a bit expensive. I feel the price at the comcast center Di Bruno's is cheaper? Honestly paying 12.00 for a bland salad is not my thing, but paying 8.00 for a personal size pizza is a good price.
Since we can all agree this place isn't for cheap skates, I think I'll just point out how unique this place is. I have ate here a few times for lunch and overall, for a quick lunch bite, its pretty good. Not amazing... but Good. Again and again, I find that the sandwiches look better piled up in the store than they really are. 

This is the sort of place that you bring your Outta Philly Guests.... they will love it. It really redefines food shopping as more of an experience than a chore... for that reason... it gets four stars from me.
Di Bruno Brothers is not where I go to get the things I need - it's where I go to get the things I want. Cheese, chocolate, coffee, charcuterie... If it ever closed, I'd probably leave Philly.
this place is great when you don't know what to make for dinner or when you suddenly have to entertain a group of people and need supplies... they have all sorts of cheeses, olives stuffed with things, breads, pastries, meats, pastas, produce, ready made entrees, soups, dips, etccc

shout out to the the men behind the meat counter who are funny if not a little flirty and very helpful.

just walking around this place gives me lots of yummy ideas.

yes, it's expensive. but i believe that good food is just so worth it.
Bastion of all things foodey, Di Bruno brothers has become our once every few month treat shopping spot. Stocked form floor to ceiling with the finest in gourmet treats, I'm usually stocking up on hard to find spices, some unique cheeses, and prosciutto when I stop by, but the occasional sweet does make it into my cart. 

Yes, I tried the $130/lb prosciutto, and no, it's not worth it. It was very, very good, but I simply couldn't find $130/lb goodness in it. the $35/lb house stuff was fine with me. The Vahlrona Bacon Chocolate bar has become a household favorite, occasionally managing to survive the trip home. Half sour pickles, saratoga sparkling water, and now Sarcone's bakery bread also make their way into our basket.

The cheese shop is a great experience, with helpful, knowledgeable staff who always manage to find us the cheese we're in the mood for that day. If I didn't have the perfect butcher already, I'd be buying my specialty cuts here. Pate, for those who indulge, is lovely and they usually have a nice, fresh selection including plain old plain. How pleasant to get back to a basic like this without juniper berries, duck tears, or unicorn smiles with cardamom or some such silliness. Their homemade calves liverwurst also will rock your world, smooth, mild, and rich.

If it wasn't for the ignorant uncontrolled children that populate the place on weekends I'd give this place a five star shopping experience. I know, it' s not their fault about the kids, but it's an aspect you need to take into account. Last Sunday while shopping this family with three kids decided to play 'tag' around my family and I. After about forty five seconds of this horse-sh*t during which one kid made a play grab for my wallet (I had it in my hand to pay promptly) I turned around and advised the younger, yuppie Dad if he didn't get his kids away from me I'd tag him right there and then let my son kick his son's a$$ for fun. For the record, that's fifteen seconds and a warning longer than I ever would have waited before, so I guess I am mellowing now that I've hit 40. And yes, stay off my damn lawn. Rotten kids. ;)

But returning to our review, there are some other reasons why no five stars; no toothpicks near the cheese samples allows all those fingers to touch it before you do. Especially fingers that have also touched everything else including one's nose. Open doors let flies in, finding plenty to perch on at the new Sarcone's bread display. The olive bread was apparently particularly inviting on Sunday, as I decided against any of the bread and rolls based on the number of 'friends' resting on them.

Service is usually very good and with a smile, especially at the prepared food and cheese counters. On our last visit, the cashier gave us a reusable shopping bag for free, but that must have been a limited run as we didn't get one this time. Coffee and beverages to go are always a delight and a perfect way to prolong the joy of the experience as you walk back to your car with your bag of goodies!
We started out with a latte before browsing around. Great latte with La Colombe coffee.

The cheese selection is amazing. So many different cheeses that we don't see at whole foods or regular supermarkets. The knowledgeable cheese guy gave us samples and information about the cheese we tried and all were really good. This was great enjoyable experience.
Di Bruno Bros is my Philly version of Dean & Deluca in NYC - gourmet market heaven! They have the best of almost everything you could want with prices to match, but its worth it. Meats, seafood, frozen foods, produce, cheese, bakery, prepared foods...its endless!

They have a seafood and meat section in one area, where you can also find all the gourmet sauces, condiments and spices. It takes a lot of will to prevent me from even reaching over to browse those gourmet spices and salts - I have a problem. Their meats, especially those sausages, look fantastic, but they do have a slightly limited selection since there's only so much space. Produce is something you should get elsewhere - its REALLY fresh, but they don't have much and the prices are just plain silly. 

Oh, the cheese. THE CHEESE! You should just come here for the cheese section in the back because they always have a number of types you can taste while browsing AND the guys behind the counter are SO NICE and SO HELPFUL, offering you tastes and recommendations based upon what you're looking for and like. They even have my favorite cheese, this wine-soaked goat cheese from Spain that pleases EVERYONE. 

And of course their prepared foods are REALLY tasty. Fresh pasta, sauces, soups...the salads are fantastic, as are many of the boxed items, but of course the prices are higher than elsewhere. And those pastries! Mmm, I've tried several so far and DAMN are they good. Their deli section offers amazing meats, and one time I got to sample several different types of smoked salmon. 

Upstairs is their cafe, where you can grab a quick bite and sit down at one of many tables (they even have a buffet brunch on the weekends up there). Di Bruno Bros is THE gourmet market in Philly.
This decidedly upscale deli/grocery/café is reminiscent of the old Balducci's in Greenwich Village, Dean and DiLuca just about anywhere or a smaller Eataly with the prices to match.

Prepared foods are bright, fresh and delectably displayed, groceries are overwhelmingly of the organic/small label verity, breads and cheeses are separated by taste and texture and the café is indeed a safe convenient way to sample the store's offerings and choose your favorites.

Special mention goes to the small but well stocked butcher shop with 4 pound "Flintstone"sized Tomahawk aged steaks and well priced skirt steaks.

Di Bruno Brothers is a well stocked, excellently marketed, and pricy boutique grocery that fits in perfectly in its neighborhood of young, upscale and hip consumers.
Gourmand heaven.

DiBruno's is my de-facto, national standard for what an Italian specialty market and deli should be. While it doesn't have the same neighborhood ambiance as the 9th st location, they make up for it in service and selection.

The staff is knowledgeable, all the meats are the highest quality, and the cheese selection is unreal. Yeah it's a little on the pricey side, but it's also the best. Need truffle oil for that special recipe? 50-year old balsamic vinegar? Speck? Duck prosciutto? Yup. They have it.  Just walking in the place makes me want to throw a dinner party and blast through my wine rack...

Lunch in the park? Grab a soup and half hoagie special.

Italian relatives starving for cacciotorino dry sausage or homemade sopressata in central California? They ship! I've even had them send care packages to friends stationed overseas.

I can't say I've ever had an even mediocre hoagie or food experience with anything I've ever taken home, eaten in or had shipped from DiBruno's, (I prefer cannolis from Varallo Bros, but I won't tell them that). They're consistently excellent!
This is foodie heaven. If you do nothing else, visit the cheese room in the back, a heaven of free samples and aged cheeses. Try the 13-year old gouda; it's expensive, but worth it! It will crackle and melt on your tongue like nothing else.

My other favorite takeout food at DiBruno's is the black-and-white cookies. Even New Yorkers will approve of their spongy goodness.

The DiBruno's cafe upstairs is a great spot for a light lunch (I like to take my mother there). A little pricy, to be sure, but the quality of the food is high. Alternatively, buy a bag of goodies in the market downstairs and go nosh and people-watch in Rittenhouse Square! (This reviewer is not responsible for squirrels or bike messengers stealing your gouda.)
Cheese, caviar, meats and all delicious delicacies.  Bon apetite!
Selection & Price: 4 Out of 5
Sushi and a creme brûlée cost me ~$20 out the door. It was worth the splurge versus gambling on what available in the area. I love the amount of quality products they carry. The only thing is some of the products they sell is on the pricer side where I know I can find of the same things on Amazon. 

Service: 5 Out of 5
Wonderful people from the deli counter, to the cheese guy, and the lady at the check out. 

Environment: 5 Out of 5
Clean, organized, easy to navigate around for my first time being here. 

Overall: 4.5 Out of 5
My inner adult leapt for joy, my inner fat child pleaded to be released, but my wallet held me back. I could be in here for hours. Reminds me of being in Whole Foods, but the local Philly version. Bright lights, friendly employees, and a fantastic selection of organic and local/relatively local goods. Heads up though this place is on the pricer side $$ to $$$.
Shopping here is like being a kid in a candy store--a very wealthy kid who's idea of candy is fine imported and artisanal domestic cheeses, charcuterie, condiments, and other gourmet food products. The store is beautiful and well laid-out.
I do like the way they shrink-wrap the cheeses with a detailed description printed on the price label. The Cherry Grove Toma cow's milk cheese from NJ that I purchased was especially delicious ($14.99/lb).

There's open containers with little cubes of cheese you can sample for free, although I was taken aback that no toothpicks were provided. Customers were reaching in with their dirty fingers, and I had no choice except to do the same.
My wife and I also had breakfast at the coffee bar the next morning. After spending $3 for one 6 oz. cup of Yoplait yogurt, plus a cup of coffee and a fresh almond croissant, my wife also drank one of those pre-packaged, plastic bottles of unpasturized orange juice from the dairy case. She then spent the early part of the afternoon hugging the toilet bowl, and the rest of the day and evening passed out in our hotel room.
Based on circumstantial envidence from this incident, and the aforementioned cheese-sampling, I am deducting two stars from my rating of this establishment for food safety.
What everyone else said --  Wonderful variety, nice samples, basically a center city disneyland for foodies.  

Annnd...This is the ONE place in  America I have found to date that sells kinder milk chocolate bars (near the register)...not just the hazelnut kinder bueno bars, which are available at a few indepndent produce/international stores....but the original kinder bars that I redefined my standards for chocolate when I studied abroad in England. That little joyous discovery is the reason for the 5th star.
I work a block from here and have traditionally only come for ingredients and gifts. After boo got 50/50 whole wheat pasta instead of the 100% I was promised (don't you judge me!) I figured I'd hop over to DBs and cop the realness. Once I got there I decided I'd also get lunch since I left mine at home. 

So I began stalking the cases with the speed of a boa constrictor, slowly slithering in and out of people with a menacing glare at all the options before me (think Doc Halladay looking to Chooch in the 9th mixed with the information processing of the Terminator). I did this little danza de la muerta for a good 30 minutes. 

Usually for lunch bring in a rotisserie chicken and Jurassic Park or I'll just get a chunk of salami or pepperoni and cheese and call it a meal but today with so many options I had to make sure I didn't squander this opportunity to actually get a real mind blowing meal. Unfortunately I did.

I figured you only live once so why not get everything I was trying to decide on and go forth regret free. So I got the antipasta plate, salami stuffed peppers, prosciutto stuffed peppers, grilled long hots, and chopped chicken liver. Can't lose right?

The can't miss of my selections was the antipasta plate but it was actually the most disappointing of all. The plate highlight was the margherita pepperoni that I can get at 7-11 and the peppadew peppers that were a very small part of the whole. The house provolone was fine but next to the other flavors it was a bit bland, sharp provolone would have fit perfect. In the center was a big ball of abbruzze spread that was very strong and seemed a bit out of place. The artichoke hearts were fine but again just a small part of the plate and the sweet soppressata was just meh. Finally the cerignola olive. There were five of them, I ate two  (following my rule of try everything twice) and threw the rest away. I NEVER throw olives away, I'm the olive guy that eats them out of ppl's salads that don't like them.

The long hots were on the greasy, wet side and the stuffed peppers were unremarkable which was very disappointing. This leaves the chopped liver. I grew up on this stuff thanks to my Jewish grandmother giving the family recipe to my beautiful Gentile mother. I'll let you in on the secret, it's hard boiled eggs, liver and onions. What I had at DBs was not this. It was clumpy and blah.        

In all honesty if I gotten this from the South Philly Shop Rite I would be perfectly content but DBs is an institution and their prices reflect it. I really expected more.
Di Bruno's is kinda like the Philly version of Citarella or Agata & Valentna in NYC.  It's a gourmet & specialty food market with a vast catering arm and now an upstairs lunch-only weatery.  It also has a cafe/espresso bar with a small selection of artesenal gelato.

The pastries are good - but pricey.

The cheese counter is a good place to investigate a world of cheeses.  (I, of course, hjave been forever spoiled by Murray's in NYC -but this is a good Philly alternative.)

They also carry sushi, spreads, and pricey prepared dishes.
Fresh produce is a plus - but the selection is limited.
What do you expect from a grocery store based in Kansas?  The prepared food is very hit or miss.  I suppose if you have no alternative for an at-desk lunch, it will do.  Otherwise, I'll be happy just sticking with Trader Joes.
While I love Di Bruno Bros I've just never seen it as being better than The Reading Terminal Market. The one in the Italian Market might be, but that's just because you have the luxury of the entire Italian Market encircling it. 
While you will find some great buys here. You'll always find much better buys for the same exact stuff in the Terminal. But I really do like the upstairs eating area. and the Fresh fish/meat section that they added in recently is really top notch.
The main reason to go here is for the special tasting events that they have. In November the Victory Brewing Company will be here for a beer tasting. and they will have a special Wine & Cheese event for Thanksgiving.
This gourmet grocer is a bit pricey for my budget.  However, it was fun to wander around the cheese, meat and wine sections.  Might come back to buy something for a special occasion.
Mmmm.  Delish sandwiches and salads.  I can feel my waistline expanding already.
Thank you, Di Bruno Brothers for giving me a new perspective on life.

Evidently, if I wish to fulfill my romantic dreams of prancing through these narrow aisles and casually garnering as many culinary masterpieces as humanly possible, I'll need to reevaluate my life strategy.

Namely in the area of capital funds...and by that I mean, of course, the lack there-of.

Entering Di Bruno Brothers is akin to entering a gastronomy exhibit - I'm quite certain I could spend hours admiring all of their gourmet delicacies - from aged cheeses and cured meats to various prepared food items and elaborate dessert offerings (I have recently been eyeing their s'mores cupcake and apple-contained waldolf chicken salad - how cool is THAT?!).

They also have an eat-in café upstairs including buffet style salad & hot food bar as well as "ingredients-decided-for-you" pizzas, salads, soups and sandwiches.

Unfortunately, I rarely have $50+ to spend on impulsive food adventure purchases - so until then...see ya whenever it's "on my boss."
Oh, the sweet smell of giant cheeses hanging from the ceiling. I used to hit up the Italian Market store all the time when I lived down south, but now I'm more likely to drop in on the new Chestnut St. store. They've got a few of my favorite things - tiny little pickles that I can eat a whole container of while riding the bus home, delicious olive breads, truffle oil, blood orange soda, and free samples. 

Now that I can't eat cheese the way I used to (damn you, lactose!) I really on good cheesemongers to help me find delicious goats milk varieties in new and exciting forms. They do it every time. 

Ive used them for catering a few times and been less than impressed - somehow the food never heats up quite as delicious, but this is still one of my favorite places for snacks and staples.
I just finished licking my fingers after polishing off a delish cannoli from Di Bruno Bros.  I'm giving myself props for several hours of self-control while it sat in the fridge just waiting to be demolished.  

While boucing around the city today we decided to drop into DBB for a late lunch.  All I could think about while sitting in the delightful cafe upstairs was that there was a cannoli downstairs calling my name.  They fill them fresh when you order, but at $3.50 a pop, I deducted one star...  Sadly, I'm willing to pay the going rate for that heavenly goodness.  I wonder if next time they'll be willing to just give me a quart of cannoli filling and a spoon...
