It's impressive how busy this fast-food version of Dim Sum is in Philadelphia. When you arrive, join the line for a table and use the wait to peruse the menu and order as soon as you're seated.

We split 5 favorites. Since my wife was raised in China, ... and she's my favorite, ... I let her pick all 5. Our ratings are in parenthesis with hers 1st and mine 2nd.

 * Smoked Fish in Sweet Sauce (4 stars / 2 stars)
 * Noodles with Scallion Sauce (2 stars / 3 stars)
 * Pan-fried Pork Dumplings (3 stars / 4 stars)
 * Shanghai Triple Delight Mini Wontons (4 stars / 3 stars)
 * Crab & Pork Xiao Long Bao (XLB) Dumplings (3 stars / 3 stars)

Granted, we've eaten a lot of dim sum in the states and China, so, your ratings may vary (just as ours did). Despite the variances, Dim Sum Garden is 4 stars overall because it's quick, reasonably priced, and in Philadelphia.
Honestly, this place gets the coveted fifth star bump for serving Coke in a can. I freaking hate fountain soda, and Coke always tastes best ice cold from a can. I rarely order a beverage other than water or something alcoholic, but when I saw my friend's Coke arrive in a can I had to have one. A+, guys.

I came here relatively early on a weeknight to celebrate a friend finishing the Bar exam. This was my first true dim sum experience, but I came armed with research to make some smart ordering choices. We shared: xiao long bao (pork soup dumplings), turnip cakes, pork soy sauce noodles, chicken on a stick, and the sauteed water spinach (this was a server suggestion, he wanted to make sure we ate our veggies. Good lookin' out, guy).

Loved the soup dumplings! The soup and filling were so flavourful and I didn't think the wrappers were too thick. The dumpling sauce served on the table is quite good. The pork soy sauce noodles were also good, although not quite as impressive as Nan Zhou's. I especially loved the turnip cakes, which came in a nicely flaky pastry dough. The chicken on sticks was better than your typical chinese takeout. Water spinach was perfectly wilted while still retaining crunch and not too oily.

We ate everything and were completely stuffed at the end. The best part was that our bill broke down to only $18 each including tip! Not too shabby. Service was quick and friendly, no complaints. It was getting pretty full by the time we left and all the servers were hustling. Will definitely be back in the future.
Reasonably priced and good, not great. The soup buns were highly rated from the reviews I read, so I ordered them and was sadly disappointed. The skins were super thick and the pork meat not seasoned well. 

We also ordered the Singapore Mai fun. Plain.  wontons, Shanghai noodles and pork sauce noodles. Like I said the food is ok and the portions are on the smaller side.

The service was great and as I mentioned in the start the prices are reasonable.  A word of caution, try not to use the restroom unless you have to, it's bad.
After trying soup dumplings for the first time a few weeks ago, I can say I'm hooked and haven't stopped thinking about them since! We checked out Dim Sum Garden around 9pm on a Friday night and the place was packed, with a line. Somehow, our party of two was seated within ten minutes of walking through the door! 

Having already consumed several cocktails, we were pretty ravenous and probably over-ordered. But I can't think of anything I would have wanted to leave out. We had: chive and pork dumplings (fried), steamed pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake, pork with sauce noodles and diced chicken with chili pepper. Everything was delicious! And so inexpensive. With tax (and before tip), the total was something like $33. Insanity!  

Servers were hustling and they were all very friendly. Water glasses were refilled quickly. My only gripe was that the bottles on the table with soy, vinegar and chili oil were very sticky. 

Next time, I'm grabbing a sixer and an even bigger crew!
Apparently Philadelphia's hottest brunch spot is Dim Sum Garden. Based on some inaccurate information from Google, friends and I arrived at DSG at 10:30 on a Saturday morning expecting to be the first ones in the door. To our surprise, they open at 11 AM. We walked around for a bit, got coffee, wasted time and by 10:50 there was a long line down the block, full of patrons waiting to get inside. This is when I realize that my friends and I were not unique for craving some soup dumplings and noodles for brunch on a Saturday morning. 

I think it's extremely important to note that you come to DSG for delicious food. This is a fast, casual environment. While there are servers that take your order and check-in, this is not a place to expect a fine dining experience with white glove service. If you manage those expectations, there is no reason to have a bad experience at DSG because the price point for the food you get is a great value. 

Our party of four ordered chicken on a stick, stewed chicken noodle, chicken fried rice, cucumber salad, and two orders of pork soup dumplings. Things came out within 15 minutes of placing our order. I've been a long time take-out only patron of DSG, but the dine-in experience is unmatched. Everything was delicious, I'm a huge fan of the stewed chicken noodle because the broth is perfection and the chicken is so tender. Of course, the soup dumplings are phenomenal too. 

We were in and out in about 40 minutes. This is a cash only establishment with an ATM in the front entryway. If no frills service isn't your thing, get their takeout!
What keeps me coming back? THE SOUP DUMPLINGS. 

It's been said a hundred times but I'll say it again. They are soo yummy. And the cherry on top is the delicious dumpling sauce. I could eat these for days.

I've tried a few other things on the menu such as the beef stew and its all equally mouth-watering.

The best part is the price. I could pig out for hours and still not even break $20 which is so ideal! The service is also pretty fast as well, in my experience even when it is super busy (which it often is) I get served promptly and my food comes out right when it should.

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Dim Sun Garden opened their new location today (you'll understand why if you know what the old place looked like) and I was eager to eat their famous xiao long baos in a nicer setting. These are my thoughts about DSG:

THE DECOR:
Interior design plays a big role in getting customers for restaurants along with the food and service and also these days the competition does almost everything to get a piece of your customers, you have to try and one up them. Well, DSG gets an A+ in this category. Undoubtedly, it's the most beautiful restaurant in Chinatown. The modern design is impressive, as beyond the seating alone the color scheme and angular paint design makes it a pleasure to the eyes. 

THE FOOD:
If you're unfamiliar with XLBs, welcome to the wonderful world of soup dumplings. A perfect XLB has to be thick enough to hold the soup, but thin enough to break  at the slightest pinch. Unfortunately, the XLBs here were on the thicker side. However, they had an extremely flavorful broth that spills into your spoon and leaves you with a tender pork dumpling that goes perfectly with a dip of vinegar.

How to eat XLB:

1) Eat right away while the broth is hot
2) Lift dumpling by the topknot via chopsticks
3) Dip into vinegar gently
4) Place on spoon
5) Nimble a tiny hole 
6) Wait a moment for it to cool down
7) Eat it with your chopsticks or right from spoon to mouth
8) Forget what I just said- You can eat it any way so long as it gets into your tummy

THE SERVICE/PRICE: 
Surprisingly efficient for their first day. Whatever service issues occurred, I was quickly to forgive (it's their 1st day!). CASH ONLY, of course. Fairly inexpensive. BYOB for now.

But seriously. Order the soup dumplings here. DSG and their XLBs is actually one of famous chef, Jose Garces' true loves in Philly. Another stamp of approval that these soup dumplings are awesome. It's also nice to know that two of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the city are now right next to each others!
A review for Dim Sum Garden at its current location on Race St is long overdue. Having patronized Shizhou Da's kitchen for quite a while (going back to when it was located on 11th St), we have noticed an impeccable level of consistency in all the Dim Sum preparations. No matter how busy the restaurant or the time of the day or how inclement the weather, the food has tasted the same each time. This very quality has led us to bring many of our friends here for grub.

While the skin on the Xiao Long Bao (soup filled dumplings) here is not the most delicate of the lot, the broth is delicious; one of the best in Philly in our opinion. Both versions of XLB on the menu #1 (Pork) or #2 (Crabmeat) are very safe bets. In case you were wondering how they get the soup inside the dumplings, they make them with gelatinized broth that's solid when cold. Steam 'em and voila you have soup inside of a dumpling.

Moving on to other Dim Sum choices, #20 (Chicken on a Stick) or #21 (Jumbo Shrimp on a Stick) are delectable.

As far as the rest of the dumpling options go, the steamed ones are superior to the pan-fried kind given the latter makes the dumpling skin a little more chewy and greasy. Some people like it, but we beg to differ. Try one of each kind to decide the option that suits your palate better.

In case you feel a bit more adventurous in terms of texture, #12 Shrimp Dumplings (Har Gao) might be a good candidate. These have a slightly rubbery-sticky texture to them and happen to be among the most popular choices in Dim Sum restaurants generally speaking.

Coming to their main menu, most of their Sichuan sounding offerings are regional adaptations so we have rarely ordered Ma Po Tofu or Kung Pao Chicken but their Shanghainese soup selections are decent like #23 Mini Wonton Soup in particular.

The solid four stars is specifically for the Dim Sum portion of the menu. Do give this place a shot if you happen to visit Philly Chinatown. Chances are that you will leave content and happy.
Authentic Chinese restaurant, offering an extensive menu of dim sum, hand pulled noodles, xiao long bao, and more. My fiancé and I dined here twice in three days on our last trip to Philly in 2018, and were eager to return on a recent trip. Fortunately, Dim Sum Garden survived the pandemic, and was even better than we remembered. 

Absolute must-try items are the Cold Noodle with Peanut Sauce, Dry Fried String Beans, General Tso's Tofu, mochi-filled Pumpkin Cakes, and Vegetable Buns. Fresh ingredients, incredible flavors, and the best renditions of these respective dishes I have had in a while. Service was friendly and fast. Cash only. 

Yesterday, we returned to Philly and decided to order delivery for dinner. Unfortunately, the experience was much different than when we dined in. The noodles were under sauced, the Mapo Tofu was strangely sweet and ice cold, and there was a piece of steel Brillo pad stuck in the Scallion Noodles. Regardless, it was still a decent meal overall. We will return, for dine in only.
Just want to encourage people to order from here during the COVID 19 Quarantine. Heads up - order at least an hour+ before you want to eat. It took some time for us to receive our food but was well worth the wait! 

We ordered takeout from here and got pork soup dumplings (I know - aggressive for a takeout order), beef with broccoli, general tso's chicken, and their special chow fried rice.

No surprise, the dumplings were our favorite. I will probably skip the beef with broccoli - but still satisfying. No disappointments from the fried rice - somehow it felt healthier than typical fried rice (I'm not questioning why).

 For takeout - this meal was a treat, especially during these times! Stay safe and healthy all.
THE BEST soup dumplings in Philly!!! Definitely get the pork with crabmeat xiaolongbao and bite with caution! One wrong move and you will get attacked by a dumpling. 

Been eating here since they were in the shady underpass on 11th St., but now enjoying their new (maybe a year old) restaurant on Race St. The dumplings are always quick and steaming hot! Other notables include their scallion pancake, chinese broccoli with garlic, pan-fried soup dumplings, and noodles with ground pork. My office likes to order their vegetable dumplings and fried rice as well. 

Cash only, also offers take out and delivery (via Foodler).
We've frequented this restaurant multiple times, bringing large parties and also just myself and my boyfriend. Tonight we decided to order from them via GrubHub. My boyfriend asked for fried rice with his meal, but it came with white rice. Not a huge deal, but he prefers fried (which is on their menu). He called to let them know and the woman who he spoke to SCREAMED at him that they don't have friend rice. When he pointed out it was on their menu and why didn't they call to let us know they wouldn't be able to accommodate that, she screamed at him some more. He then asked "why are you yelling at me?" .... and then she hung up on him. I called immediately and asked to speak to a manager. I was told there was no manager and then they hung up on me. I called back and finally got some guy who said his name was "Stephan" and he was the manager. I explained what had happened and he said "What do you want me to do about it?!" I said an apology would be nice for the way we were treated and then he proceeded to tell me that if I didn't like it, I didn't have to ever order from them again. And then this so-called manager hung up on me. The WORST customer service EVER considering they were the ones who made this into the situation it is now. It's really unfortunate the way they feel they can treat customers when they were most definitely in the wrong. Very disappointed...but they were right about one thing, we will never recommend or patron their establishment again.

UPDATE: Here is an email response (from the owner, I believe) in regards to my request for an apology for their staff's appalling behavior. I tried to attach my original email, but it's too long. I was very clear we wanted nothing but an apology and that my email was about their rudeness and aggression, not about the fried rice not being an option. I think they missed the point and subsequently made matters worse. I also want to note: I wrote one email, they did not respond. Today, I requested a response and attached the email before in case it was lost. We never asked for anything for free, just an apology. They never once apologized. 

Michela,

We do not accompany "fried rice" with any entree. Entrees come with white rice. 

If you want fried rice, you can order it separately. We are not a corner store Chinese takeout that offers fried rice as an option for meals.

Please stop harassing us as we have already apologized on multiple occasions. We will NOT be reimbursing any money or issuing any refunds as we do NOT serve fried rice with entrees.

That is all.

If you continue to harass our establishment by calling or emailing we will be contacting the authorities and filing a report because your conduct is scaring everyone and frankly is extremely bizarre. Subsequently, you are not welcome back at our restaurant or thru GrubHub or any of our other channels for business. You are banned from our establishment and we will file the necessary paperwork to ensure this.

If you wish to contact us, you can reach our lawyer.
As someone who splits time between Shanghai and Philly, I can tell you this restaurant serves the most authentic Shanghainese Dim Sum (Dian Xin) you can find in Philadelphia. 

I saw that a fellow Yelp reviewer, Kelsey S, gave it a horrible review because it is not a Cantonese "morning tea" place (where servers push carts of Dim Sum around) she was looking for, and I find her comments funny because this restaurant is clearly listed under the category "Shanghainese," not "Cantonese." 

For those who are not familiar with Shanghainese cuisine, Shanghainese Dim Sum is a completely different cuisine than Cantonese Dim Sum (or Morning Tea, as it is called in Chinese). 

To counter Kelsey:

First, Xiao Long Bao is called soup dumpling in English because the dumplings come with soup/juice in inside. This is how it's supposed to be, and how the best restaurant in Shanghai served it to Bill Clinton and GW Bush when they made diplomatic visits there. The traditional way of eating it is to take a tiny bite on the skin and suck out the juice. Just because Kelsey made a mess of herself doesn't make the delicacy itself "questionable." Be careful picking the dumpling/bun with chopsticks. You want to use your chopsticks to gently maneuver one onto your spoon, then eat it from the spoon.

Second, Shanghainese Shumai is filled with sticky rice as its main ingredient instead of meat, as it is the case in Cantonese cuisine. It also contains marinated pork and soy sauce, and rice wine and garlic. 

For authentic flavors, I also recommend their Sheng Jian, and Wuxi Pork Rips.
If you're craving soup dumplings or Xiaolongbao (XLB) in Philly, the one place you have to check out is Dim Sum Garden. Highly praised by Iron Chef Jose Garces, DSG offers cheap, and most importantly, delicious bites. How good is it? Iron Chef Garces sources his soup dumplings from DSG for his new Revel Casino restaurant, Yuboka. The one caveat associated with DSG? It used to be in a dumpy location behind Reading Terminal Market.

But all that's changed now - DSG has moved to a better location on Race Street, replete with a sleek interior design. So before heading to Hop Sing Laundromat for some drinks, the GF and I met up with some friends for good eats in Chinatown.

The Da family came to Philly in 2008 to represent Shanghai's style of dim sum. The head chef, Shizhou Da, is the fifth generation of the original four chefs who created the first soup dumping. With the assistance of her daughter, who runs the front of the house, they've created a restaurant that's becoming a popular spot for Philadelphians to grab a delicious bite.

DSG does take reservations, though it seems as though this simply gets you a table quicker, rather than providing you with a seat at a designated time. Still, without one, you'll be waiting in line for a bit. On a Saturday night around 7:30PM, the line was about half an hour deep, though the turn around was relatively quick.

Pro tip? DSG is BYO! So bring on some bubbly or some wine to pair with your dim sum and start your night off right.

Pan Fried Beef Dumplings [$5.75]

But on to the food. Dishes here come as they're prepared so don't expect any sort of coursing. But no matter. We started off with deliciously gluttonous pan fried dumplings, with a meaty exterior that was nicely crisp. And inside? Sweet and savory pork. These gorgeous bites are meant to dipped in the vinegar and chili oil provided at the table.

Vegetable Fried Rice [$7.50]

The veggie fried rice was really good as well. Though a bit salty, you could taste each individual grain of rice, which was the main component for this melange of scallions, eggs, and carrots. This was a larger portion than it looks and was quickly devoured.

Double Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce over Noodles [$6.95]

The pork with garlic sauce was available to come atop rice or noodles. The noodles were clearly hand-crafted and simply amazing. It's a bit cumbersome to eat for date night, so I'd advise you not to wear a crisp white shirt. But the noodles are definitely worth it - the texture and the way it holds the garlic sauce is simply superb. And the tender pork combined with baby bok choy and celery? Savory, sweet, and texture abounds.

Shanghai Wonton Noodle Soup [$6.95] 

This isn't your Americanized Chinese food joint's won ton soup. The broth is clear and deep. The wontons are well-crafted and large, filled with abundant portions of pork. Not overly salty, this soup will fill you up for under $7.

Stewed Chicken Over Rice [$5.95]

For the stewed chicken, we went with the rice. The moist and tender chicken came with a gravy that was rich. With baby bok choy on the side, this definitely eats like a meal - for under $6.

Pan Fried Beef Potato Cake [$3.80]

And if anything is a must order (other than the soup dumplings), it's these pan fried potato cakes. A gluttonous form of Chinese latkes, there was richly seasoned beef and potato bits within. And the crispy exterior offered great texture.

Shanghai Pork Soup Dumplings [$5.75]

But what are we really here for? The infamous XLB. For everyone other than myself, this was the first adventure into soup dumplings. So naturally, some instruction was needed so the night didn't end with peoples' mouths being scalded.  

Simply grab your dumpling with your chopsticks and place them on your soup spoon. Then, pierce the skin to allow some of the hot broth to seep out. Slurp and then take a big bite of the dumpling. Sweet, savory, and then sweet again. All filled within a gossamer thin fresh dumpling wrapper. I could easily eat three orders of these in one sitting. 

Crab & Pork Soup Dumplings [$6.25]

But on this occasion, we had to try the crab and pork iteration as well. The scent and taste of the crab comes on the forefront, with the pork taking over on the end. I prefer the regular pork soup dumplings, but this offers a nice change of pace for those inclined for surf and turf. 

So at Dim Sum Garden, for under $60, a party of 4 can get their fill of great food to start off the night. But really, I'd pay twice as much for these Iron Chef-endorsed soup dumplings. They're just that good. And don't forget - add an order of those delicious pan fried beef potato cakes!
Being that it's 2019, I've gotten used to the idea that most places have abandoned the carts and instead, have opted to make meals as soon as it's ordered. 

Dim Sum Garden's dim sum menu is actually smaller than expected & it's not your ordinary Dim Sum. Expect tons of dumplings, either pan fried or steamed. 

The soup dumplings exterior was a bit more chewy, rather than delicate than expected. The soup itself was a bit more saltier than needed. Nothing really stood out to me, as much as I wished it did. 

*ALSO* this is a CASH ONLY restaurant!
Finally made it to Dim Sum Garden. 

Located mid-street on Race, it is a deep and narrow space with a step up half way back at the kitchen and mini-bar area.  One wall is slate, and the other smooth with the image of a huge dumpling adorning the wall.  That same design is emblazoned on the black T's worn by the wait staff.  I wouldn't mind wearing one of those.  

Entering solo around 7:30, the tables were buzzing, but not SRO.  I was pointed to a deuce in the front window, and quickly choose to look inward rather than out toward the street.  If I was in a metaphorical mood that might mean something.  It seems natural to want to enjoy the floorshow.  The menu arrived promptly with a glass of water (cold, not hot), and a few minutes later the server returned to direct me through the offerings.  I knew I wanted the Xiao Long Bao (#1) because that what was most people raved about, but I also wanted a second dish - selecting Eggplant with Garlic Sauce as counterpoint.    

Part of the schtick here is the servers offer to show you how to eat XLB.  For the uninitiated there is a learning curve and the risk of spraying scalding broth onto your neighbors, so there is some reason for caution.  Mild dexterity in the use of chopsticks and flat bottom spoon in tandem is required, but once mastered the manipulation becomes part of the fun.  Even life long experts can be seen chasing escaped dumplings across the table, so there is no fear of lost face.  

I was surprised that the XLB were not as good as I expected.  Their dough was thicker than I have had in the famous Shanghai dumpling shops.  True, the pork filling was substantial and decent, and the steaming soup within pretty good, but they were disappointing nonetheless. Even the "Dumpling Sauce" on the tables was not quite right to my palate.  It used a vinegar that too strongly neutralized the flavor of the broth.  There was no ginger to mix with the vinegar. I had to mix the hot chili oil with the sauce on the plate to get to the heat I wanted to supplement the taste.  The second dish was good Eggplant with Garlic Sauce.  I asked for it "hot," and upon arrival it glistened from the oil it cooked in.  I liked it, but added still more chili to bring up the burn.  

I will certainly return to Dim Sum Garden as there is much more coming out of the kitchen that looks interesting, and because so many of my friends love the place.  It calls itself, "Philly's Premier Authentic Shanghai Soup Dumpling Restaurant."  Who am I to question a marketing slogan, but if you say it, you should be able to back it up.  

I don't think it did.
I literally salivate thinking about Saturday's when I get to go here and get my cheat meal-spicy pork soup dumplings! Omg!!! To die for! The service is always on point and the price is cheap! This place can get busy so sit at the bar if you don't want to wait. It's cash only but they have an ATM by the front door. This is a MUST try when you're in Chinatown!
First off, what kind of dim sum place serves LIPTON TEA. Seriously? That's just sad and insulting. Dim sum restaurants are supposed to serve loose leaf tea, even if it is cheap crap, you don't serve lipton. 

The waitress was horrible. She was extremely rude and instead of properly waiting for us to leave, she cleaned off the dirty dishes (that's fine) and started damp wiping the table, moving our belongings and everything. That is just ridiculous. I asked her to do this after we left but she ignored us. If you're thinking that we probably overstayed our welcome, we did not--we only dined for an hour! 

The hype over this restaurant is undeserved. The dumplings were mediocre and is not worth the commute.

I am never coming back, there are much better and cheaper places in Chinatown. The selection here sucks anyway. 

Bottom line: If you want the authentic dim sum experience, do not go here. You'll just be angry at the mockery they've made of it.
Xiao long bao in Philly? Pinch me, I must be dreaming!

This cheery spot serves up tasty dim sum plates, plus xiao long bao, the ever-popular Chinese soup dumplings: their steamed pork buns ($5.75 for eight) and crabmeat and pork buns (6.25 for eight) are juicy, filled with a flavorful broth. I've experienced xiao long bao in NYC and Shanghai, and this spot holds its own.

At Dim Sum Garden, dim sum isn't served from a cart - there's hardly room - but rather ordered a la carte. Noteworthy plates include their marinated sliced pork (5.95) and spiced beef (8.25). If they're still serving up spiced beef noodle soup, go for it.
Terrible dimsum restaurant im ever eat, I don't know how Americans think but to me ( asian ) , im not recommend for this place. xiaolong bao, and shrimp dumpling here are terrible. I can say that chinese food is more better. And bad service, the waitress talking like sleepy, feel like we are not welcoming. We ordered dumplings soup, and when waitress bring it out, the small bowls still wet, i have to clean it up again .
Only one guy waitress have good service but they all share the tips, im only tips 2 dollars . If that guy can keep the tips. I will tips him 15$ . Anyway , the service need too be better
Important: CASH ONLY.   

The service is atrocious, they don't bring the things you ask (soy sauce, water, etc.), but what can I say? They have fantastic soup dumplings.  I'm not sure if this is the norm, but I find commonalities on all the negative things across all soup dumpling restaurants.  I guess I should expect this going forward.

That being said their crab and pork soup dumplings are fantastic.  It has a great balance of sweetness and meaty flavoring (but definitely more on the sweet side).  There was a good amount of meat in the dumplings and the size of it was fairly large.  This place is definitely one of Philly's standouts and could stand up against most, if not all of the soup dumpling served in NY.  The one drawback is that the soup dumpling skin was a tad too thick.  However, that shouldn't detract from the fantastic soup dumplings they serve.
Now when I think of dim sum I dream of carts gliding by and offering delicious little morsels of dumplings as my eyes and stomach pleases.  I drool over shrimp dumplings and shu mai and the little fried things of turnip cakes.  And to be honest the place I dream of is probably a little cramped with a dash of hustle and bustle :-)

Imagine my surprise when I walked into Dim Sum Garden to a clean and modernly tacky ambience and had a menu handed to me!!  

Ok no big deal. . . I browsed the menu with diminished dreams but still self salivating over the food to come.  Wait, what where are the dim sum essentials?!?!  There were some but definitely not an extensive list.  The main star of the place seems to be xiao long bao.

Alright I admit it, I have never had xiao long bao in Los Angeles, NYC or even in China.  You don't need really to compare awesome to awesome, you just need to compare awesome to meh and that's exactly what I can bring to the table!!  I have tried to search (in vain) for these delicious dumplings wherever they are offered on the menu and have been disappointed each time, mostly because the soup seemed to have leaked out of most of the dumplings somehow. . . Weird soup dumplings sans soup!!  What was the point of that?!?  Not at this place!!  The soup is wonderfully contained in the dumpling exactly how it's suppose to be!!

Whatever Dim Sum Garden lacked in variety, they made up with the deliciousness of their soup dumplings.  I am definitely a fan and I will definitely be back; if I recall correctly there are three different types of soup dumplings and I only sampled two ;-)

TIP:  CASH ONLY but there is an ATM at the entrance!!
I'm going to go out on a limb here and assume you've eaten here at least once or twice in your life. It's Delicious & Cheap! 
I'm also going to guess that you already know what it's like to be in that terrifying Dim Sum garden wait in line. Last week, I went with Abby W  and the line felt like it'll never, ever end. However, the line moved fast and the chewy noodles with the tender sliced beef and the steamed shrimp dumpling make it worth the wait.
Bonus: the sautéed Shanghai BokChoy will make you forget about meat. Trust me.

Tip: If are a fan and willing to wait ages, remember  Dim Sum Garden is BYOB and cash only.

Four and Half Yelps
New location! Hooray! XLB! XLB!

With the O.G. Dim Sum Garden on 11th street in the Chinatown bus tunnel, you'd never be heading there for the ambiance. You were there for the dumplings, dammnit. You're there to slurp delicious soup dumplings. 

You're there for the xiao long bao. XLB! XLB! I'm chanting all this at you. I love them and I'm certainly a fan of that gem of a joint.

So, the new location has that swanky spankin' new atmosphere, and most importantly, those Shanghai style steamed pork soup dumplings with their tender dumpling skins, which form a pouch, which hold inside them steamy hot, rich, porky broth and meatiness. 

I will here and now repeat my dumpling advice: If you've never before tried xiao long bao, DO NOT simply chomp right into them like some crazed dumpling beast. You'll end up with a big burned lip, ya animal, and the worst part is that you'd be wasting that delicious broth. Tsk, tsk. Have some finesse wit these brothy babies. Not sure if my xlb technique is totally authentic or not, but I don't waste a drop of that soup. So, I feel like an old pro. I hold the thicker top twisted part of the dumpling with my chop sticks as I hold it in the soup spoon as the same time. A tiny bite lets the juiciness flow out to fill up the spoon. Slurp that up, then enjoy the rest of that XLB of yours. That's how I do; maybe a little hot chile or gingery dumpling sauce...but really these don't need any extra thing. 

I quote myself and my original review of this dumpling destination, not just out of sheer laziness, or because I'm extra corny, but also like to share me tips and to spare ye burny lips. Also, even though the locale has changed and the Race Street joint sports gleaming new decor, why change my report when the dumplings are the same that I adore? Yeah. The sights are new and nifty and the dumplings as good as ever. And the right price- eight of them for $5.75!

Definitely try the pan-fried pork soup doupling variety too. They're not as tricky to devour, but ever so tasty and affordable as well. 

Congrats on the new place, my dumplin' darlins! I've already stopped by twice and have received great service- fast and friendly. I leave, as always, with a sticky-lipped smile.
Dim Sum Garden is a misleading restaurant name since it is not your typical dim sum restaurant with the carts. Their menu does not mainly comprise of the typical dim sum dishes either. Dim Sum Garden is known for their soup dumplings and rightfully so -- they are delicious!

I tried the crab and pork soup dumplings, the pork pan-fried soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and pan fried beef dumplings. I thoroughly enjoyed everything I got. However, my least favorite was the scallion pancakes. My biggest problem with the pancakes is the lack of scallions! With regards to the soup dumplings, I did not care too much for the pan-fried ones. The fried bottom made it harder to chew and eat. The dough also felt thicker and was not as crispy as I want it to be. 

Also, fair warning: an order of the hot & sour soup comes in a medium-large bowl that's made to share! I enjoyed the soup but wish it had a little more of the sour taste.
I've been hearing for quite a long, long, very long time now that this place is known for their Xiao-long-bao's. If you don't know, they're Soup Dumplings. Even to the point my significant other keeps placing a bug in my ear about it. So out of a spontaneous brunch date in Chinatown, we came here instead of my usual go to dim sum.

Overall, I didn't care too much for the Pork & Crabmeat Xiaolongbao's. They didn't "wow" me. The Mister, on the other hand believes they were the best dumplings ever. Hmmm... Starting to regret that maybe I should have tried them pan fried because I probably would preferred it that way.  Shao Mai's are different since the fillings were mostly sticky rice. Also had the Beef Ho Fun, General Tso, and Har Gow's. All were just okay. However, I didn't want to share the Pumpkin Cakes! That I did enjoy.

The place got quickly crowded, but service was quick and good. Bummer thing is, and I'll always bring it up... CASH ONLY!!!
This place was very busy and crowded and I can see why!  It is a great place for dim sum and noodles!  The service is also lightening fast!  

We ordered a variety of items and most of them were excellent!  First, Dim Sum Garden is known for their Soup Dumplings. We got a couple of orders of the Shanghai Crabmeat & Pork Soup Dumplings to share.  I loved the rich soup on the inside of these dumplings. I think they are about as good as my favorite soup dumplings from Joe's Shanghai in NYC!    For another appetizer we tried an order of Chicken on a Stick which was excellent!  The chicken tasted like it was pan fried.  It was not dry at all and was super moist and delicious. 

Other items we ordered included:

Pork with Sauce Noodle
Beef with Broccoli 
Kung Pao Chicken

I think the Soup Dumplings and Chicken on a Stick were the stars of the night, but the main dishes were very good too!  After growing up in New York City and spending many Sunday nights in Chinatown (and now living in South FL with mostly terrible Chinese food) it is such a treat to have good Chinese food!  Dim Sum Garden is a place I would recommend and return to if I came back to Philly!
So we finally visited after hearing such good things.  It is bustling and even when we showed up at opening time 11am more than half restaurant was full already.  There is a lot of seating though in the back so it's bigger restaurant than it looks.  

The food was good.  This place is more Taiwanese than traditional dim sum.  No push carts everything is ordered from the menu.  Highly recommend the braised beef noodle soup.  The beef is so soft!  I also really liked the hand cut noodles with mince pork.  The dumplings were also very juicy and savory.  My only knock is dumpling skins were thicker than what I like. 

The service was fast and attentive.  It almost too fast rushing us with the check at the end.  Overall had a great time but I prefer Shanghai 1 around the street better.
This place is delicious. Best dumpling house I've been to. It wasn't dim sum to me but more of a dumpling house. The pork soup dumpling is to die for. It makes me melt. It was so comforting to me to have these dumplings. I also had the fried chicken on sticks and it was so cheap for such a generous helping. I'm very happy about this place and would definitely come back to Philadelphia just for it. Had an avocado bubble tea for 3.50 and it was ok. Not the best or most fresh I've had but for the price it was ok. Nonetheless order all the dumplings and enjoy! Go to tea do for bubble tea!
When someone tells me to go check out the best soup dumpling in the area, I take that recommendation seriously (duh!). So you can imagine my disappointment when I tasted the doughy, chewy, mostly empty crab and pork soup dumplings at Dim Sum Garden. I will say that I've been lucky enough to have had some pretty authentic soup dumplings in my life so I realize I'm asking a lot here. I'm just not sure where DSG got its amazing reputation! We ordered several dumplings and a few other entrees. The highlight of our meal was the Chinese broccoli... by a landslide. We also enjoyed the steamed shrimp dumplings, although, again, a little chewy. If you decide to see for yourself keep in mind it's cash only, BYOB, and doesn't take reservations (but they have lots of tables!).
Every year when I come home for a visit, this is a spot that we must visit. We come here for 2 things... soup dumplings and pork with sauce noodle. The noodles is such a simple dish but it's so freakin good! The soup dumplings are one of the best I've ever had! Out of all the places I've been to for soup dumplings, they have the most broth. The flavor is on point and this place also makes it a little bigger. 

I forgot to take a picture cause as soon as the food arrived we were so excited and started digging in! 

Just remember that this is a CASH ONLY place!
A gem in Philadelphia's Chinatown. My boyfriend and I wandered in here after taking the bus from NYC, and our expectations were exceeded in every way. The interior is spacious, with plenty of seating, and seems to always be full of patrons. We did not have to wait long for a table, which gave me time to use their ATM-they accept cash only.

The menu is large and varied, offering an impressive selection of dumplings and other Chinese and Shanghainese specialties, with plenty of vegan options. Prices are reasonable, considering the family sized portions. We started with the Cold Noodle with Peanut Sauce, which were fantastic. The thick hand pulled noodles tasted fresh, and fully absorbed the intensely flavorful sauce, which was laced with a touch of subtly spicy chili oil. The star of the meal were the Dry Fried String Beans, whose blistered skin encased the tender vegetable and were further enhanced by a caramelized garlic and scallions. 

My boyfriend, who is a soup dumpling snob, loved their Shanghai Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings, claiming that they are superior even to those at Joe's Shanghai in NYC. I also tried the Crystal Vegetable Dumplings and Scallion Pancake, both of which were good, but not on the extraordinary level of the aforementioned dishes. We liked Dim Sum Garden so much that we came back again for lunch the next day. Highly recommended.
Always important to confirm: CASH ONLY!

We went to Dim Sum Garden on a Friday night, and it was PACKED!! We were seated pretty quickly though, which was really nice. We ordered a few dishes to share and the food was prepared pretty quickly!

The 3 of us ordered: Scallion pancakes, steamed shrimp dumplings, fried vegetable dumplings, and the stir fried Udon noodles with seafood and vegetables. The menu in general is really big with lots of different options, some plates smaller and others larger (entrée-sized). We enjoyed our meal here, and the service was great!
As a Chinese actually from Asia, and someone passionate about food, I think I have some authority to speak about the quality of food here. Here goes:

Decent soup dumplings, mediocre shrimp dumplings, awful service. 

Soup dumplings had good flavor, but the skin was too tough 

Shrimp dumplings were doughy, and the shrimp tasted processed and of chemicals. 

Our food trays were practically tossed onto our plate, and our server acted like she had the most miserable job in the world. Maybe she does, but it doesn't mean customers should be treated like crap. 

Stay away.
First visit to Dim Sum Garden; we had steamed pork soup dumplings (excellent), scallion pancakes (good-perfectly crispy but not particularly "scallion-y"), vegetable bun (excellent),and steamed vegetable soup dumplings (good taste but completely missing broth inside). The place was very clean and inviting. We had a number of different servers, some were friendly, others were not, but all were helpful and kept our water glasses refilled. We will come back to try other items.
If I could give 0 stars I would but there's no such an option. First thing first, soup dumplings were pretty good but some appetizers were not fresh and taste sour. Second, the service was terrible. A waitress named Sophie complained behind our back, "Trash people, so annoying" using a Chinese local language, after we returned a sour appetizer and a bad noodle dish (we are a group of 10, ordered more than 15 dishes in total). Unfortunately, we all understood the local language she spoke. 

Never coming back. OMGGG.
The waiter named Sophie is so rude. When we complained for the rotten food, she rush in with really bad attitude and said "what is wrong with this, all of you" then we explained the whole thing to her. She is like "OMG" and said "screw you, you trash". We were so mad and felt offended. We want an apology from her then she be like. "Come on. That is not my fault, this is my attitude." 

Never come back.
Dim sum for white people. Pictures of the food on the menus, and they don't serve free tea. You definitely know who they're catering to. Nothing wrong with that at all though, it's actually pretty smart.

Anyways, the offerings here are pretty limited, but everything is actually executed pretty well. The xiaolongbao are not the best that I've had, as the skin is a bit too thick for my tastes, but the soup is very flavorful and they don't skimp on the meat. The zha jiang mian (spicy minced pork noodles) is done very well and the noodles have a great chew. The cha siu sliced pork is very well cooked and flavorful, and the scallion pancakes were pretty crispy and not too greasy.

The waitstaff is pretty efficient and helpful, and a bit too patient for my liking actually. Hah, who says that? They actually like explaining everything and are very fast with the food service and water refills. They don't have dim sum carts here, so you'll have to order everything off the menu.

I'd come back if I'm with non-Asian friends and I don't feel like explaining all the dishes to them. Nothing to really complain about here, since the food is good and prices are decent. However, if you want the whole dim sum cart experience, go to Joy Tsin Lau, not too far away.
I'm not sure where all the good reviews came from. I have been here twice for dim sum. Both times, the food was ok, not at all what I expected based on the reviews. I have had dim sum in large cities like San Francisco and Honolulu, where there are tons of authentic dim sum restaurants there, and found that this place doesn't even come close. I feel bad for the people of Philadelphia when they say that the dim sum here is really good. There's a whole other world of good food out there!!

The place is nice and the servers are clean so they get a star for that! Sorry!!
There's obviously a reason why Dim Sum Garden has over a thousand reviews and always a line to get a table. I can honestly say that it goes way beyond hype here, this place is the real deal. I was kind of on a dim sum binge when I came in here and it totally met and exceeded my expectations. The veggie dumplings and scallion pancakes were really great and while I didn't try anything else, that was enough for me to decide that I really liked their food.

There will most likely be a line here if you come on a weekend but it moved pretty quick from what I saw. They're pretty strategic at seating people. However, if you know in advance that you're coming here, it certainly doesn't hurt to make a reservation. If I recall correctly, they do take reservations.

Overall, really fast service and great food. Though I didn't try any of the main courses, they certainly looked great and I hope to come back one day to get the full experience!

Their merch is super cute too! I was so tempted to buy a t-shirt or onesie just because. Not that I really need it. It's just so adorable and I'm a sucker for that!
I've heard some good things about this place, so I decided to give it a try. It was so disappointing that the best part about the meal was mentally drafting a bad Yelp review.

This is not a traditional, "authentic" tea house that serves dim sum. That's okay, they are going for a modern aesthetic and audience who prefer (the much more profitable) bubble tea over pots of black tea. But it still feels wrong that there's no choice for hot tea. Imagine a tapas restaurant that served only wine coolers and not actual wine. That's what this place was like.

The food was mediocre. The noodles had worse texture than previously frozen Shanghai noodles / udon from the supermarket. Most of the food were either too bland or too salty. The scallion pancakes had almost no scallion. The worst part was the dumplings which were half too bland and half too salty. We suspected that they didn't mix the filling properly after seasoning it.

The soup dumplings were their saving grace and the reason why I didn't give them one star. But they weren't all that great either, with a shell that's too thick. Worse, as another reviewer pointed out, is that they don't give you the traditional vinegar dish and shredded ginger for lightly covering your dumplings in vinegar. I ended up having to shake vinegar from the bottle on to my dumplings which was neither enjoyable nor proper.

The service was... pretty bad. They spilled a bubble tea (almost on me) and it took them five minutes to mop up the tea next to my feet. Also the replacement they gave came in a cracked glass so it started leaking. Yeah, definitely not going back to this place again.
You down with XLB?  Yeah, you know me.

Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) are a dish that I was turned onto by some friends about a year ago.  I will admit, at first, it was a bit awkward.  Thankfully, I was told not to just put the whole thing in my mouth for fear of not being able to taste the rest of my meal.  (If you're new, don't put the whole thing in your mouth.  You will be scorched by burning liquid)

For my most recent visit, I met up with a good friend and we went to town on both the steamed and pan fried varieties.  Both were pork, and both were delicious.  I'm still a little awkward in the initial hold, bite and drain into the spoon but I'm getting better.  The soup component isn't so much soup as it is pork fat, which I'm fine with.  I fill in the void previously occupied by soup with chili sauce and black vinegar.  Holy hell it was incredible.

The space in this restaurant is really nice and the servers are very pleasant and efficient.  It was good that I got here early for lunch because this spot packs it in.
It's a BYOB, but the waitress shook her head at my bottle. When we were waiting for the check, the guys next to us pulled out a Tito's bottle and their waiter corrected me when I told them it wasn't a BYOB. ?!?!??

As for the food: The mapo tofu was underwhelming, the seafood rice cake dish was not cohesive (the seafood tasted like it was tossed in as an afterthought), the fried soup dumplings were meh... I could go on and on. Just stick to the original. It ain't pretty, but you can taste the difference.
That place? Yeah, that's the place. It's in that little underpass, right where you catch the Chinatown bus. I'm not usually one for eating dumplings in a tunnel, but for once I'll break this persnickety little rule of mine. 

This was the mission: I had not had xiao long bao in forever, and word on the street was that that this was the spot for soup dumplings in Philly. Yay, man, for real. The steamed "juicy pork buns," as they're called on the menu are some fine, fine XLB. Tender dumpling skin surrounds a rich, porky broth and meatiness. 

If you've never had xiao long bao before, don't just bite into them like some crazed dumpling beast. You'll end up with a big burned lip, ya animal, and the worst part is that you'd be wasting that delicious broth. Tsk, tsk.

 It just takes a little technique. Not sure if my moves are authentic or not, but I don't waste a drop of that soup, so it's been working out for me. I hold the thicker part of the dumpling with my chop sticks as I hold it in the soup spoon as the same time. A tiny bite lets the juiciness flow out to fill up the spoon. Slurp that up, then enjoy the rest of that xlb of yours. That's how I do; maybe a little hot chile or gingery dumpling sauce...but really these don't need any extra thing. For a little more than $5 for 8 of em, it's a snack that I will most likely have a hard time scurrying by in that little 11th street tunnel.
I live six hours from this place and have eaten here four times in the last year and a half. The food is that good! This place sits in the middle of Philadelphia's Chinatown nestled between numerous Chinese restaurants. So competition for customers is stiff and this place wins hands down. The first thing you need to know is they DO NOT TAKE CARDS (which is typical of all the places in Chinatown) so bring cash or use the atm in the front of the restaurant. This place stays busy for most of the day but the are very quick and efficient at taking, making, and delivering your order.   They have a good selection of dim sum and other Chinese dishes made in house daily. The soup dumplings are a must, it's what they are famous but everything I've tried has been delicious. The best way to tackle the variety of dishes is to order family style, oder a bunch of different dishes and share among your group that way everyone gets a taste. I promise you, you will leave extremely satisfied and planning your next trip back like I do.
Tried this place.. And I still give it one star, if possible.. no star.. 

Those that say this place has the best xiao lung bao aka soup dumplings must be out of their mind! It sucks! The skin is thick, not even enough soup in the dumpling, poorly made! Their shanghai noodle was nothing but black pepper and soy sauce... Har kow @ $6?? No thanks!

Wait was forever.. Table was missing condiments that they didn't bother to stock up.. And for an asian restaurant you tell me there's no... hot tea yet?????? WHAT?!?!?!?!
I'm updating my review after I came back and dined indoors, which was a whole new experience!

Takeout was a bit hectic since they're so popular, and the service seemed lacking because of it. I wanted to give it another try since the dim sum is tasty. 

This time, the service was amazing. The waiter who served us was nice and tentative. I ordered xiao long bao, Shanghainese pan dumpling, shu mai, and scallion pancake. None of it disappointed. In fact, it tasted so much better fresh and hot, as expected. 

I loved the dining-in experience and I can't wait to be back.
Great Dim Sum and Asian spot that is located in the city of Philadelphia by what they called china town, the restaurant is cash only so no credit or debit card is accepted here, but they have an ATM in the entrance of the restaurant which makes a bit easier to eat here. 

I came here which a friend because of the review and recommendation that people made about their Dim Sum.

We share the Shanghai Crabmeat & Pork Soup Dumplings. The Soup Dumplings was very good and the portion was big it came with eight pieces,  I wait until the perfect time, until it was the right temperature for me: very hot, but not burning hot to burn my tongue. We also share some normal dumplings, which were very good and tasty.

For my main dish, I have General Tso's chicken which was not spicy I was a bit disappointing but the amount was pretty big and was very good for a non-spicy General Tso.  

Staff are pretty friendly and kind and help you explain how to eat the Dim Sum.
Complete disappointment. I rarely if ever give a one star review. This place is deserving. Actually, if there were an option of zero stars I might even subtract the one they got here. 

I came here with high hopes after reading great reviews about soup dumplings. I've had soup dumplings at about 20 other establishments... most of the time finding less than impressive results of already popped soup dumplings or poorly prepared soup dumplings.

Upon reading that this was the place to get soup dumplings in Philly I thought man, this is going to be great. 

So we drove into the city, braved the Sunday early afternoon Chinatown parking traffic and circled for a half hour or more just trying to find a spot. Finally, eureka!... found a spot on arch Street. So we walked to dim sum garden anticipating eagerly some excellent dumplings.

We arrived to a bustling, very crowded and busy dim sum garden. Usually this is a sign that there must be something good to eat here. So a fifteen to twenty minute wait is fine with us. 

After about 15 minutes a table for two opened up and we were seated.

We ordered panfried pork and chive dumplings, fresh pork filled moon cakes, marinated sliced pork, and the main event... pan fried pork soup dumplings. 

The pork and chive dumplings were plentiful, but that's where the positive ends for this review. Thick dense skin, and overly salty, probably msg laden filling meant we only ate about half of these. 

The fresh pork filled moon cakes were nothing like what we saw on the menu, which showed a couple of nice well filled moon cakes. We received one moderately sized moon cake with an under cooked shell, and half empty filling. The pork filling was kind of tasty, but more like sloppy joe meat than anything authentically Chinese I've ever had. It wasn't a stretch to eat this between two people as it was two bites each. We agreed that neither would have wanted another bite.

The marinated sliced pork was dry and tasteless. I ate two slices and decided the only way to eat this would be to bring all of it home and make some noodle soup and put it in the broth to rehydrate and flavor it. 

Finally...the main event...the soup dumplings....well, where are the pan fried soup dumplings?  After waiting about twenty minutes and seeing no soup dumplings, a waitress noticed us and asked what we were waiting for and we told her...she said two minutes...
Two minutes passed...nothing...about 40 steamer baskets of soup dumplings crossed the counter which was 4 feet from our table...but nothing made it to our table.  Another waitress...two minutes...again, nothing. 
A third time...guess what, two minutes two minutes....and still, nothing. Up to this point we were very patient...we both have roots in the restaurant business and try to understand at all times...this was getting a little ridiculous though. 

Finally another waitress dropped a steamer on the table!  We looked, and said are these pan fried soup dumplings? She said, oh...no, and took them away...sheesh! 

After 35 minutes of this song and dance, our original waitress asked us if we wanted to go containers for our leftovers and brought us a check!  I said politely that we never even got our dumplings. She looked surprised...which I didn't understand, as she certainly hadn't brought us any?   She didn't seem to care one iota.  I said don't worry about it...we were fed up at this point and just wanted to leave. So we paid for the three uninspired and poor excuses for dim sum menu items, and left a minimal tip. 

This is the first time I have ever left less than 20% for a wait staff...

So. Terrible service. Bad food. Long wait. And we didn't even get the one thing we ordered that they are supposed to be so good at making.  

My recommendation, if you want dim sum in Chinatown...don't ever go here...go to one of the two long time traditional dim sum spots I've been to a hundred times , which reside on the same block. They may be dirty and the dim sum carts may mean that the food isn't always piping hot, but you will get better food, and you will get it fast. 

Even better, skip the trip to Chinatown altogether, avoid the parking nightmare, and go to the solid dim sum option not far from philly on the main line. 

We will never go here again, and would do anything we can to convince others to stay away as well.
I used to love them at their old location. I like them even better here. 

Yes, the soup dumplings are insane. I don't care what else you get. Get those first. Then get anything else you want. 

Or go to another restaurant afterward and eat something. But come here and eat the dumplings. Just do it. 

I can't tell you anything new that over 1,400 other people have told you.
Had been dying to try this place and finally got the chance to. The only reason I would knock a star off is that they get so packed at seating can be uncomfortable. They basically added my party of 2 to a party of 4's large table which was a bit weird. 

Everything we had was really tasty. The cold cucumber app left something to be desired but everything else was a slam dunk. The pork and crab soup dumplings were so good that I seriously could have eaten 2 orders. The spring rolls were tasty, and the beef dumplings are on point. 

Definitely recommend this spot, and I completely understand why it's so popular. Absolutely worth a stop in when you're in the area.
XLB!!!

4.5 stars for a great meal with the extended family.  The advantage of going in a group of 9 is you can order more items and try everything!  The scallion pancakes were phenomenal, the char siu (roast pork) hit the spot, and there's never, ever a bad time for har gow (shrimp dumplings).  The kids also made short work of a wonderful, hearty wonton soup.

But the reason we went to Dim Sum Garden was for the xiao long bao.  Oh, delicious soup dumplings!  We got several orders each of the pork steamed XLB, the pork pan fried XLB, and the pork and crab steamed XLB.  Although we're a talkative group, silence ruled, interrupted only by the occasional "pass me the ___", which despite the lazy susan was still necessary, because we overfilled the lazy susan and had dishes anywhere they would fit on the table.

Everyone has their own method of eating XLB.  I adhere to the nip the top, slurp the soup method.  I don't think a single soup dumpling burst before it was intentionally eaten.  That's important, because there's nothing worse than going in for a slurp and finding instead an irretrievable spill.  

We were surprised by the shu mai, which was more like sticky rice in a wonton skin than the cantonese-style pork meatball-like shu mai.  

Finally, we stopped by the front desk because we needed commemorative tees.  Had they the right kids' sizes, my nieces, nephew, and I would all have "team tees".  As it turned out, the 9yo and I got shirts.  Hopefully they'll do a reprint soon and we can all join team Dim Sum Garden.

PS I returned to my small North Carolina town and wore my dumpling tee one evening to evening church, where I teach the K-5th graders.  Proof I live in a dumpling desert: they asked me if it was an onion.  Time to visit Philly again!
Order salt & pepper squid(too salty!!!)
Seafood hotpot (white pale color..nasty..no bueno)
5 little shrimp dumpling for $6 
Overall think we won't go back

The only think that I liked is the lights kinda Hong Kong style..and they are pretty new and clean
As a Cantonese person, I feel like it's a little misleading to have "Dim Sum" in the name and NOT have things like Chicken feet or even beef or shrimp rice rolls. The food was very average there and it only had a page of traditional Dim Sum options. The other 3-4 pages were filled with soups, noodles, and fried rice. 

My girlfriend and I ordered the Shrimp Dumplings aka Har Gao, Spicy Pork Soup Dumplings, Pork w/Sauce Noodles, and a Pan Fried Beef Potato cake.  I've eaten a lot of Shrimp Dumplings at various traditional Dim Sum places and their was disappointing. The skin was way too thick and the shrimp inside wasn't super juicy and shrimp was so small.....The spicy pork soup dumpling's skin was also too thick. The pork was a bit dry and but the spice was different and good. The pork w/sauce noodles were okay. Little bit on the sweat side, not much pork, and small portion size. The most alarming thing was the Pan Fried Potato Cake. It looks nothing like the picture on the menu and literally tasted like a Hash Brown from McDonalds, which isn't bad BUT I'm at a "Dim Sum Place" 

Overall if you're looking for some Dim Sum I would not recommend here.  Normally I'd get Dim Sum in NY, but I decided to try it in Philly and it wasn't all that great. There's always a wait and it's really doesn't seem worth it for me with the quality of food and it's authenticity based off of their Dim Sum dishes.
Come here for the soup dumplings! It's delicious, flavorful, and full of soup. I did not enjoy the MaPo tofu. It lacked spiciness. It was just tofu and red sauce. I also did not like the tofu they used. It was not the silken type that other restaurants use. 

This place gets packed, but the turnover seems pretty fast.
In 2018, I lived in Shanghai and after discovering that I was coming to Philly for business I looked for excellent places to eat. I discovered this place and saw that Dim Sum Garden was a Shanghainese restaurant and that the owner Chef Shizhou Da was from Shanghai. I knew instantly, this place must be good, or at least I hoped. If you visit the city of Nanxiang in the Jiading District of Shanghai, you will come to the great place of Nanxiang Steamed Bun Restaurant where you can order xiaolongbao, they have been in business for over one hundred years. I ate Dim Sum almost daily throughout Shanghai and became accustomed to it. In Atlanta it is hard to find good Dim Sum and almost impossible to find excellent xiao long bao.

"As soon as my flight landed and I jumped in my rental car and headed to China Town and arrived to Race Street. Once I entered Dim Sum Garden it was extremely busy and I had to wait in line for a while, until one of the hostess asked how many I had in my party (I was alone), so she brought me up to their bar area and this saved me at least 30-45 minutes of having to wait."

[Food]

When I received my menu I knew exactly what I wanted. Xiao long bao! I tried all three Shanghai Dumplings #1, which is the Shanghai Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings, #2, the Shanghai Crabmeat and Pork Soup Dumplings and the #3 Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Soup Dumplings. 

My favourites were in the exact order that they came in. The best was their Shanghai Steamed Pork Soup Dumplings, these were excellent, the juice just squirts right in your mouth, the favourite was outstanding, the pork was amazing, and the dumplings were cooked just right. Of course, be careful as they are extremely HOT in temperature and need to cool down. My second favourite was their Shanghai Crabmeat and Pork Soup Dumplings, it is nice because they had the yellow top to distinguish the Crabmeat vs the traditional one. The Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Soup Dumpling was okay, these dumplings seemed to be much thicker and honestly harder to eat with chop sticks and they seemed starchier than the steamed varieties. 

[Milk Tea]

Who can have dumplings without traditional Boba tea? I ordered their original, as that is what I always prefer and sadly, it was extremely watered down from the first sip into my palate, all I could taste was water. It did not seem to have much black tea, cream or condensed milk. However, the tapioca pearls did have the right consistency. I would stay away from the Boba tea, maybe their flavoured ones are better?

[Summary]

While Chef Shizhou Da was not there during my visit, her daughter Sally was behind the checkout area and extremely busy, otherwise I definitely would have given her a compliment.

Overall, I was very happy with my visit to Dim Sum Garden. Their Shanghai Steamed and Crab Pork Soup Dumplings took me back 7,400 miles (11,909km). My only turn off was that they do not accept any credit cards (cash only), the boba tea and the large amount of CCTV screens all over the place. I was eating at the bar while watching the whole restaurant live in action on the security monitors.

[Review #538] (18th Review Of 2018)
I see some reviews about the service but didn't see the issues when we went.  We were sat immediately.  The place was busy and they asked if we were ready to order right away.   The service is quickly and they try to get everyone moving.   But it's dumpling and not fine French cooking or a tasting menu so lighten up.

We had the crab and pork soup dumplings which were the best.  Pork and chive were very very good.  The vegetable soup dumplings were good.  Shrimp were good and the pan fried beef were very good as well.   

We tasted the honey walnut shrimp which was as good as anywhere I have had it.  

No alcohol but it is byob and they said they were working on a beer/liquor license.  

Cash only but ATM as u walk in so you are good.  

This place was awesome.   I will be back!!!!
I don't like leaving bad reviews, especially for a restaurant during a pandemic. And I loved this place for a cold night and take out. I was sipping on my Shanghai wonton soup when I found myself chewing on a weird texture. I took what it was out of my mouth and it was a cigarette butt. I have never been so disgusted, especially during a pandemic- someone's mouth was on it! DoorDash reimbursed me  but I just feel like this is not okay and people need to know that cleanliness is an issue here!
I visited Philly with friends to see the Lights Festival! I heard that when in Philly, get dim sum. Seeing that Dim Sum Garden has 1300+ reviews, I definitely knew we had to stop by here. It was crowded, had to wait in line, and is in Chinatown (I think). I've actually never really had legitimate dim sum before so I don't know what to compare it to, but I had my friend Alina, dim sum connoisseur. We ordered: 
- Shanghai crabmeat and pork soup dumplings
- Chicken feet (Why.. I'm podophobic)
- Chinese broccoli with fresh garlic
- Shanghai shou mai
- Steamed shrimp dumplings

SOUP DUMPLINGS ARE AMAZEBALLS. The concept of the soup inside shocked me! Where I'm from in Virginia, I've never had this experience before. Broccoli is your typical everyday broccoli and the steamed shrimp dumplings were ordinary as well. The Shanghai shou mai reminded me of a sticky doughy consistency kind of like the korean dish ddeokkbokki, but taste was unique (in a good way) and never had anything like it. And chicken feet... taste was good... but spitting each little metatarsal out made me cringe deeply.. Next time I want to take my time and order entrees, SOUP DUMPLINGSSSS, and maybe a boba drink. Definitely am a fan and hopefully will be returning here when I visit Philly again.
I really want to like this place because I've heard so many great things and my friends talk so highly of it. I can't put my finger on exactly what turned me away from it, but I had a 'meh' meal and experience. 

Service: Hasty. Everything came out very quickly, but very sloppily. The waiters were running around to different tables even though there weren't that many people dining. I don't know what the extreme rush was... maybe they are just used to it. I wish they had taken a little bit more time and were careful with our order though. Our waiter didn't get our order right and forgot two items (he put them in as soon as we reminded him). 

Food: Super sloppy presentation, which I guess shouldn't matter because its dim sum. But like my fried veggie dumplings were still sliding around in a thick layer of grease when they were served to me. Some of them were even sideways. Yuck! 
What made me super sad was that they didn't have any veggie soup dumplings! That was the main reason I even went!

I think I will go to Dim Sum Garden again one more time and order only the soup dumplings. If those are terrible, I won't be returning.
Never have I been so disappointed in dim sum!  I should have known.  When you walk in to a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, and you see that only 2 people in the crowd are Asian, you know you're in the wrong place.  Turn around and run away!  Out of 6 items that we ordered, only 2 were good (and by good, I mean average):  the pork soup dumplings and the red bean cake.  Everything else was completely disappointing.
i've been going to dim sum garden for years...  i've turned every friend and family member into soup dumpling and bok choy junkies, following in my footsteps.  i could eat a plate of the pork juicy buns, and a plate of bok choy every single day, and i don't think these items will ever lose their luster.  
i also enjoy their pan friend pork and chive dumplings, shumai, and just tried and enjoyed the turnip cake as per sally's recommendation (the adorable and sweet girl usually behind the counter).
there's no aspect of this restaurant that could take stars away for me.
LOVE.
Best Menu Item(s): Pork Soup Dumplings, Scallion Pancakes, Green Beans, Veg Lo Mein Udon Noodles

Great food, great experience. Feed four hungry adults for $40. I have tried other soup dumplings, they are all trying to imitate this place. A thin dumpling with the perfect amount of soup at the perfect temperature. Mix in a little dumpling sauce and chili oil and you will bow down to dumpling perfection. Take a break to soak up some accidental drippage with a crispy scallion pancake. 

The ambiance is average. They could use a little extra cleaning of floors, tables, menus, etc. However, the staff is attentive and somehow able to control the chaos of a constantly packed house. 

Hot Tip: Order your steam baskets of soup dumplings in rounds so they don't have a chance to cool off, which ruins the integrity of the soup inside. Also don't get the pan fried soup dumplings. The pan frying causes all the soup to evaporate. Also...bring about $15 cash per person since they don't accept any other tender.
It's been on my mind to come back here after my initial visit. I haven't stopped thinking about the amazing soup dumplings and the won ton soup, which I thought was among the best I've ever had 2 years ago.

Fast forward to 2020 and I still agree.

We got lucky on the weekend and after a very short wait, the three of us were quickly seated. We were hungry, so we ordered a little bit of everything. To start with, the skewers of fried shrimp. SO SO GOOD.  The breading was golden brown and cooked perfectly. Next, the skewers of grilled chicken - juicy and basic. The won ton soup was amazing. Really need to order them to go as an extra meal to bring home. Lots of different flavors involved, plus the skin of the won tons are light, not thick and doughy. All of us loved it.  Finally, the soup dumplings - a serving of 8 was devoured by 2 of us.  

I really need to make this a regular hot spot!
No doubts that their Xiao Long Bao (小籠飽) is still the best in Chinatown.  I always go back for more.  However, other dishes are just horrible.  Wanted a warm soupy noodle for a cold night, that guy recommended this Beef with clear noodles in a broth.  Came home, with a quart of Noodles packed to the top, 5 pieces of beef tendons (hardly any meat), and when I try to pour some soup out, the soup can't even top over my noodles. So its basically a Quart of noodles, 5 pieces of beef tendons, and 1/3 soup. The Shanghai Wonton soup, it was so nasty...skin is thick. inside has very little fillings, and the soup was tasteless.  The Mixed Veggies with tofu skin, edamame, and green leafy vegetables, it was completely tasteless, I had to pour some soy sauce to it. I remember the first time I tried, it was delicious.  Not sure if they changed chef or something.  

Overall, 小籠飽 is the only thing I can recommend.
When you walk in the store, all the customers are non-asians. Not to be a hater but that's a pretty clear indicator that the food isn't authentic or up to "asian" standards. I was super excited to try this restaurant because of the decked out reviews but found myself quite disappointed. Although the soup dumpling comes with a generous amount of soup/broth, the flavor of the soup couldn't shine pass the amount of msg used. The  skin of the dumplings were extremely thick and the meat to skin ratio was extremely off, almost 4:1. Once again, Din Tai Fung defends its title of producing the best soup dumplings to grace the restaurant industry.
Dim Sum Garden, you are an extremely disappointing restaurant.  Twice, I have come to your establishment, and twice you have not only provided poor service, you have also failed to deliver my food in a timely manner.  I understand the food needs to be cooked, but when I'm waiting 45 minutes in between an appetizer to the entree, I have to question your sense of organization.  First off, who ever designed the layout to your restaurant needs to be smacked. Why the hell would you put the hostess' podium/counter mid way into the room? People who wait for tables are usually waiting by the hostess; with this being said, twice, I've witnessed people waiting in between tables, in between people seated at their tables, and in the paths where the servers are trying to get by.  

The first time I came, I walked up to the host and he simply kept his head down while busily sifting through receipts.  Any time he looked up, he looked right past me to address others servers.  The second time I came, your flustered hostess took my name down then looked away without even telling me how long I must wait for a table.  When I asked about the wait time, she gave me a look of agitation.  

I have received poor service from both occasions as after I was seated, I had to ask for the menu and tableware after waiting a good 8 minutes.  What the hell kind of a restaurant are you running without getting the table ready if you are willing to have me seated?

My other complaint comes from waiting for food.  I understand, you're busy, but I was damned to experience an appetizer at 1:18 and then my soup dumplings at 2:08 all the while watching people around me being served.  During my wait, I watched the hostess and the servers crowd around the hanging slips trying to figure out who placed what order at what time.  When I managed to flag down one of your servers, she was quick to quip "You place order for soup dumplings? Everyone order soup dumplings.  You wait your turn" and then hurried off. 

I tried asking another server to at least get a refill on my water, to which he kept walking and waved at me in the air while mumbling something incoherent.   The food came and the turnip cakes were too salty. The soup dumplings are not as good as Sakura's.  Your Shao Mei was "ok" since I tend to like sticky rice, but your shrimp dumplings are at a loss for Chinatown standards considering I chewed on some shrimp shell.

I also noticed your staff was extremely nice to the other patrons around my table, stopping to ask how their food was, how their experience was, but no one seemed to give a damn about my presence as I waited patiently for 40 minutes for my soup dumplings.

Last but not least, as I went to pay for my bill, the hostess refused to give me eye contact as she shoved the bill at me and when I took my credit card out, she had the audacity to tell me that she didn't take credit cards when I knew damn well I used it the first time AND a friend of mine had also used his a few days prior!  Luckily I had cash.  She took my money, shoved the change at me, then slapped the receipt onto her pin stand while ignoring all eye contact AND failing to thank me for my business.

I will NEVER recommend anyone to your restaurant to suffer through such atrocious service and mediocre food.
I really wanted to like this place for their soup dumplings but my most recent visit really disappointed me. I've been to Dim Sum Garden before in 2019 during a trip to Philly and remember really loving the food (pork soup dumplings, mapo tofu), and decided to come back. 
We ordered pork soup dumplings, beef ho fun, mapo tofu and shanghai dumplings. Some of the soup dumplings came out already broken, but the ones that were intact were still good. The ho fun was standard, but could've been more flavored. The shanghai dumplings were good. The mapo tofu, on the other hand, was a complete disaster. The tofu was uncooked and cold on the inside. The sauce itself was orange, rather than the usual deep red color, AND it was gelatinous rather than liquidy. I tried one tofu and it was still raw on the inside. We did not even make any dents in the dish. When I had alerted staff about this, they tried to tell me the plate was hot. However it was the food itself that was cold, indicating that the dish was inadequately reheated. They took the meal back and offered another dish however there was nothing that was really appealing and by that point I didn't want to risk another dish coming out in the same condition. The waitress said she couldn't take it off the check because it would come out her pay and her boss did not allow it. When asked to talk to the boss, she said the boss was not in. When asked to talk to the manager, the waitress had called another woman over who said the manager was not in either... at that point, I had no energy to continue going back and forth over a clear health code violation.
Their COVID precautions were also questionable. There was no social distancing, no temperature checks, and capacity was not limited. Water cups had lots of cracks in them and had a very distinct, unpleasant smell.
Super long wait but the food is good. The soup of the soup dumplings is amazing the meat is not super seasoned. The service isn't great but they get the food. The restaurant decor is cute and I really enjoyed seating next to the kitchen and seeing them make the dumplings.
Solid Chinese food with soup dumplings.

Food To Try:
- Pork w/ Sauce Noodles: saucy noodles.. with meat! always good
- Pork Soup Dumplings: perfect flavoring, and always served hot
- Mapo Tofu: a little spicy, but excellent flavor especially when mixed with the dumpling sauce
- Scallion Pancakes: though not the best, still crispy and flavored

*Cash Only, UNLESS you order pick-up online through yelp!
This was my first time here. I picked it based on the popular reviews and Zagat pick for one of the best soup doupling in Philly. It certainly did not disappoint. It is located in the heart of Chinatown in a split 2 floor building. Tables are cramped together so you may be seated uncomfortably close to the next table beside you. 

Food:
The Shanghai pork Xiao long bao was the best I've tasted in a while. It is juicy with the soup pouring out of the bun when you take a bite. It is not too salty and very flavorful. It is surprisingly affordably at $7.50 plus tax for 8 buns. 

Service:
Service could be improved. I think they forgot to put in my order because I waited a long time and the people seated next to me who arrived after me got their food first. But it is a busy place so I don't fault them for this misshap. 

Tip: CASH ONLY!!! 
Parking can be tough with limited street parking with meters $2.50/hour. Otherwise you can park at a lot that is $15 for the whole day on Sundays.

I would definitely come back when I'm craving Xiao Long Bao
I never knew how much I loved dim sum until I got dinner from here! My boyfriend and I ordered the Shanghai pork soup dumplings (8 pcs per order), the pan fried beef dumplings (5 pcs per order), and the shredded pork with garlic sauce (it is spicy, beware). Although everything was great, the soup dumplings were by far my favorite! They are so juicy and flavorful! I know they'll be a staple in all of my orders going forward. 

The only thing that stopped me from 5 stars was the delivery. It took a little longer than I expected for two orders of dumplings and one entree. The food was great once it arrived, it just took awhile to get here. Maybe next time around, I'll stop in for the dumplings instead of ordering delivery.
We came here on saturday lunch time and thought we had to wait for long but there were couple tables empty in the back of the restaurant and they considered that bar tables (but it's not, it's just really close to the kitchen but its regular tables). The customer service here was horrible as we didn't get any greetings by the server nor ask if we are dining it or such. They server was pretty rude as she saw us and didn't even ask us or anything. We had to go up to her and ask if there were any tables left. I guess we shouldn't expect too much from an asian restaurant. This place located in center Chinatown, so maybe taking metro or park somewhere else then walk over here. 

We ordered regular shanghai dumplings, crab meats dumpings and pork noodles. The noodles came out before those dumplings and they were so good. I would definitely recommend any dish over noodles than over rice. The noodle actually can be shared by two people since it is pretty big portion and with the price, it is definitely a must try (the noodle was only 6.95) and the crab meats dumplings were okay not amazing as it tastesd the same as regular one but 50 cents more as it has crab meats in there. I didn't taste any different but wouldn't complain as the price was only 7 dollars for 8 dumplings and they were huge portion also. 

I would come back for other noodles dishes but hope they have better service than that.
~*S-O-U-P-D-U-M-P-L-I-N-G*~

It's called Dim Sum Garden?...Might as well change the name to Soup Dumpling Garden. As you can tell from the start of my review I am a very avid fan of soup dumplings, and of Dim Sum Garden. If you're walking around Philly and looking for somewhere to fulfill all your soup dumpling fantasies, this is your place.

First things first, be ready for a looooooooooooooooooooong wait. See how how many o's I put? For each o, you'll probably be waiting 5 minutes. No joke. If you come on a random Tuesday, there's a wait. If you come on a Saturday, there's wait. However, if you can stick through the agonizing pain of waiting and suppress the hangry in you, it'll all be worth it.

The food is....delicious. I'm not sure how else to describe it. Yes, they have dim sum and other dishes, but the shining star is the soup dumpling. If you come to this place and decide against ordering soup dumplings...it's almost like going to Starbucks and ordering a glass of milk: pointless. I would also suggest trying some of the noodle dishes. Not too shabby.

Because of the hecticness you see above, your service will be subpar. Everything will take a while, so the wait continues. On the the brightside, you can find comfort that everyone went through the same suffering as you just for the soup dumplings. 

tl;dr - soup dumplings ftw; seriously, stop by and eat some...and take some to-go for me!
The food took a long time to get to us but not only that is no the least bit tastey save the soup dumplings. Coming from NYC dim sum is supposed to have both flavor and freshness and neither could be found here.

I am baffled at the 4 stars this place gets as the dim sum items are overpriced and not of a quality I find acceptable. I spent 45 dollars on various dim sum, soup and even a rice dish so I gave it a fair shake but found all lacking.

The dim sum I ordered were the soup dumpling and steamed vege dumplings and the soup dumpling was the only thing that made the meal still acceptable and not 1 star, the vege dumplings took 35 minutes to get to us and was undercooked and had poor quality stuffing that did not taste good - I would rather buy supermarket frozen than to eat that again.

As for the soup I had the chicken and cream of corn soup, there was chicken but...where was the corn? I only found a few pieces not even whole kernels. The rice dish was budha delight - it essentially was an overcooked broccoli and a few pieces of carrots. How do you overcook broccoli at a chinese restaurant? That is one of the most basic things.

All in all I did not enjoy the meal and regret firing off so many orders when we sat down initially. Wish this place had a cart to order from so we would have known not to waste our money on more.
White people dim sum. The soup dumplings are okay, but nothing to write home about, and everything else was mediocre. 

Do yourself a favor and go across the street for some authentic delicious dim sum (with carts!) at Ocean Harbor instead. You're welcome!
This place is AMAZING. 

I came to Philadelphia to visit a friend, and this was one of the top places I for us to eat. We went around early dinnertime on Sunday, and it was bustling, but they were able to seat us within a minute. VERY quick service.

Within 7 minutes of ordering our soup dumplings, it came out to the table. Amazing. In fact, EVERYTHING came out super fast, hot, and fresh. The four of us ordered 5-6 dishes to share, and we were all full and happy after our meal. The cherry on top: it only came out to be $39... SO CHEAP and DELICIOUS. I'm from Northern VA/DC, so this was a steal. I would've been $70+ there...

We ordered Har gau (the shrimp with translucent dumpling), the pork soup dumplings (my favorite), crab and pork soup dumplings, chive fried dumplings, chicken-on-a-stick (DELICIOUS, and super crisp and juicy), and an entree of vegetable fried rice. 

Overall, I love DIm Sum Garden. I was determined to go back the day after for lunch, but we ran out of time. Next time I visit Philly, I'm definitely dining here again.

Fast, delicious, and at a GREAT price!!
Let me cut to the chase, the Dim Sum Garden is a MUST. I stopped by with a friend around 11:30am on a Sunday and it was packed! The line was almost out the door. Luckily, we were able to skip most of the line because we were a party of 2. Another thing - cash only. Kind of a bummer so definitely bring cash. They also had an ATM on-site.
They have a pretty extensive menu and not only is it in English and Chinese but they also have pictures too. That was a huge plus!
We ordered Pan Fried Beef Dumplings (~$8), Fried Chicken Dumplings (~$8), Shrimp Dumplings (~$7), Scallion Pancake (~$5), and Yeung Chow Fried Rice (~$11). Everything started to come out slowly.
The scallion pancakes were a nice start. There were 6 pieces, so it can easily be shared with a group. Now, the dumplings. They are delicious! I would personally skip the shrimp dumplings because there's no real flavor to it. However, the chicken and beef dumplings will not disappoint. The fried rice was very surprising! It didn't look like it would be too flavorful but it was. The mix of chicken, beef, and shrimp is the perfect trio for a fried rice and the peas, carrots, and scrambled egg enhanced the dish even more.
All in all, this meal really hit the spot. It was super delicious, satisfying, and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. If I'm ever back in Philly, I wouldn't hesitate to stop by again.
like every other dim sum place .. the food is okay. now about their famous dumplings? oh .. the one that's packed with little meat and a lot of dough? no thanks
This is my first time to give a restaurant only one star. 

If you are American, maybe you would like this place because the updated decoration and the relatively clean environment comparing with other Chinese restaurants. However, the food is terrible. 

I happened to sit at the table where you can see what's going on in the kitchen. As far as I observe, all the food is pre-made or frozen. They are NOT fresh! I saw the chef in the kitchen took a piece of scallion pancake from the refrigerator, which from  the package you can tell it's the frozen scallion pancake you can get from supermarket. Then the chef took a small bowl of mapo tofu from refrigerator, he heated it in the microwave, 2 mins later, mapo tofu is served....

I don't know why this place is so packed especially on weekend. The service is ok, the food is horrible, besides the food are all pre-made/frozen, they add MSG in every dish. 

The only good thing about this restaurant is the price is reasonable, but hey, you are eating frozen food, how much you would pay for it?
I don't understand why this restaurant gets such good reviews. It's not up to par with the authentic food experience in the rest of Chinatown. The shanghai soup dumplings were not refined and the potistickers were lacked a good chewy dough. 
I suppose it's good for non Chinese speaking Americans as the service is friendly and the waitstaff are eager to recommend and help even if you don't speak English. 
For me, I think I'll stick with the traditional Chinese fair in Chinatown.
My favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly! Food is always amazing. Service is pretty fast as well. Highly recommend the soup dumplings, fried cheese wontons and beef broccoli and noodles. Absolutely love this place. Must try!!
We're not city people (but we love city food) so we weren't sure how parking / wait time / experience would be in the middle of Philly Chinatown, during peak lunch hours, especially with a squirmy 1 year old.

There's a parking garage maybe 3 stores away (check). When we walked there, we saw quite a few people standing outside, but it went quick and took less than 10min for us to get seated inside (check). Because of previously mentioned squirmy kid, we got a booth seat, which was spacious enough to fit him AND all food we ordered (check).

Xiaolongbaos, scallion pancake, shrimp shumai, and a giant bowl of pork noodles. Food came fast, maybe because we ordered common items or Dim Sum Garden is just talented. Either way, we gobbled it everything almost as fast as we got them. It helps that most of the food were on the softer side, and required minimal chewing ha!

I liked that the scallion pancakes was lightly salted, and that all the food was warm but not hot, so we could eat them immediately. Loved the savory filling for the shumai, and the XLB portions were generous. And we kept on dreaming about those noodles long after we left the city... so good.

Cash only but very reasonable prices, with ATM onsite. Absolutely recommended for legit comfort chinese foods.
I was always a fan of dim sum garden. But tonight's incident was inexcusable. I found hair in my dim sum. We called the hostess over to solve this problem but as soon as we showed him the hair he replied "so what you want another order?". Not even a simple apology for their mishap. Hospitality might not be there strong suite but tonight's incident made me not want to eat there anymore. Sad to say. A simple sorry could've solved it all.
Any time I'm in Philly, I get some delicious pork soup dumplings with my sister at Dim Sum Garden.

This place is always busy for a reason. Their soup dumplings especially are top-notch. They taste fresh and they're so fulfilling too! I've also tried the "Pork with Sauce Noodles" and the "Mapo Tofu," both of which were delicious and very reasonably priced.

In Pittsburgh, you'd have to pay more for a lesser quality of food (in my opinion).

The service is also super friendly. Despite how many customers they have to tend to, the workers are always so nice, happy and friendly. I was very impressed.

The food comes out quickly but it is still quality!

I noticed they also tend to families with young children.

Definitely check this place out!
They really stepped up their game with this new location!!! OMG, is it beautiful in here! Everything from the decor to the shirts (they actually have uniforms...which is stellar cute...I want a shirt...lol) and to the menus...it was perfect. And, customer service was great also! I'm so glad I decided to give this new location a try (thanks to my friend of course). 

We ordered soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. DELICIOUS!!!!! MMMMM. One recomendation that I have is to not order multiple orders of soup dumplings at once. You definately should wait until  you finish one batch before putting in another just so the soup stays nice and fresh.

CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!!!! :-) A++++ on everything
You can't go wrong if your guide for a Chinatown Foodie tour worked for Thomas Keller and grew up with a family who had not one, not two, but three Chinese restaurants. So when she recommended this as the final stop, it was a HELL YES.  All day we had held back from eating too much of anything on the food tour, knowing that we'd end up here. It was worth the wait.

As usual, we gave Kim our guide carte blanche to order a mix of dishes. We ended up trying some familiar dishes like the scallion pancakes, which were perfectly done. My sister, who is a won ton soup aficionado, ordered a bowl to share with all of us and HOLY SEAWEED, it was one of the best versions I've ever had. I'm already planning how I'm going to be able to drag a bucket of this home. The broth is not salty at all, very light and flavorful, and the won tons held together nicely. I loved the tartness of the seaweed. There were no stringy bits of roast pork in it. Yay.

We tried a couple of different soup dumplings, and Kim gave us the low down on the how to.  First, you gently SLIDE the dumplings from the steamer onto your spoon. Don't use the tip of your chopsticks, you might break open the skin of your dumpling!  Tragedy!  Then raise the spoon up to your lips and delicately bite off the top "nipple" of the dumpling. It should break open and reveal its innards, releasing a face full of fragrant steam. Lean down and slurp up the soup inside. Oh, that's heaven. Now you bite into the meaty dumpling, preferably into two so you don't choke and die and embarrass yourself at the table while your friends stare at you.

It took a bit of mastering and frankly, it's a skill I'd like to perfect, so I'm all for a few more trips here to work on that part of myself.
I wasn't impressed with their XLB even though they seem very popular for it as per their yelp reviews. Thick skin and barely any soup is unacceptable for XLB. Additionally, it is the norm to have ginger and black vinegar as the dipping sauce for the XLB but I wasn't offered any. I had to ask my waiter to bring me ginger so I could make my own sauce. While the XLB was a big disappointment their broccoli and chicken tasted great. Also the service was good as well! Maybe if their XLB had more soup I would consider returning.
let's be honest, despite coming in with a party of two, i ordered enough to feed a family of six, but i didn't mind. My brother and I stopped by here and got the shrimp har gao, chinese broccoli with garlic, fried pork rib with spices, noodles with pork sauce, xiao long bao with crab + pork, and lastly, the shanghai shiu mai. everything here was soooooo good. though har gao is a staple for me, dim sum garden fell a little bit short there. But, it still hit the spot. This was also my brother's first time having soup dumplings and i'm pretty sure he's obsessed. Dim Sum garden, you have yet to let me down. I think, this is food for my soul.
Still looking for a replacement for Din Tai Fung in the east coast.

Much bigger xiao long bao than DTF but that's a bad thing.  Filling is very lumpy compared to DTF version.  They don't give out shredded ginger unless you ask for it.  They are also very stingy about it.  They acted as if I'm crazy to have asked for it.  And no tea got served when seated.  I had to ask for it and they brought out just a cup of it instead of a tea pot.  What's up with this place?  Some of the most basics of eating at a Chinese place they don't do.  That's always a big minus for me.  

Another plus of DTF is their non xiao long bao menu items.  Pretty much all other dishes at DTF are great or solid.  The stir fried Chinese watercress was horrible at Dim Sum Garden.  There turnip pastry and scallion pancake were both disappointing.

Disappointing food plus poor service = one star.
Mmmmm Dim Sum Garden....

How can you not love this place? We progressively order more and more soup dumplings every time we come here. They are seriously comfort food. I still can't really figure out how to eat them and my technique changes with every one that I eat, but they are soooo good. Oh and I basically eat an entire plate of the baby bok choy by myself as well. The noodle dishes are also very satisfying.

It's great for a cheap weeknight dinner, too! Not at all expensive and you can get in and out quick if you need to.
Expensive for what it's worth. Tasteless and not authentic. We had to use sauces for everything.

The onion chive fried pancake had no onion taste to it. 
The shrimp dumpling was overcooked to the point where the skin became very sticky. 
The shanghai shui mai had no taste.
I was in Chinatown for a haircut after work and Dim Sum Garden was only 2 blocks away up Race Street. I had Dim Sum Garden bookmarked for a while now.

The place is bigger then I anticipated. There is large seating area in the front and another seating area in the back. This is where we were seated. On a rainy Wednesday night Dim Sum Garden was doing a brisk business and was at least 75-80% full. The design inside is modern and cooler then I expected.

The menu has pictures of the Dim Sum. They do offer other non Dim Sum dishes too. The menu is pretty large and varied. We ordered 7 dishes for 3 people. This was a bit too much; we could have gotten by on 5 dishes easy. All good, we took some leftovers home. We had the soup dumplings in both crab meat and pork. These are a must order and were excellent. The broth was flavorful and the wrapper was not too thick or doughy. We had the chicken on the stick and that was also very good and very moist. All of the food we ordered came out fast and our servers were great.

Our total for the 7 dishes was $50.00. Not bad at all for 3 people and we over ordered. Dim Sum Garden is cash only. This place can also get very crowded with some waiting for a table.
Food 5
Ambience 2
Service 3
Timing 3

The soup dumplings are exceptional here. Please use the soup spoons to catch the wonderful broth trapped in the dumplings when you bite into them. We had pork and pork/shrimp dumplings. They were fairly large and tasted amazing!  We also had pork buns and the bbq meat was divine. My aunt had never had dumplings and loved everything. We also had some bubble tea (black and coconut) which were creamy and literally bursting in your mouth. My youngest had a green apple smoothie which was a bit too sweet for me. 

The tables are tightly packed together so once you're seated, you're pretty much trapped there until you're done with your meal. A four top and a two top tables are placed together with no space in between the four of us and two young ladies. There are cockroaches here too. We saw one on the handrail of the steps as well as one on the ground. My kids freaked out. As long as the infestation doesn't touch my food (they carry disease), I'm ok with it. 

Service was very rushed. It was crowded and there was a wait to be seated. Once we were seated, we were pretty much rushed to order drinks and food. All the food came out really fast and the table was cleared as soon as we got the bill.
Dim Sum Garden is a Philly Chinatown staple and has the lines to reflect it. The busy and curt waiters do a good job moving people along in a staggered inside-outside system. The inside is pretty chaotic and loud and you're going to be elbow to elbow with strangers but that won't matter once the food is in front of your face.

They have a large and varied menu and everything I've had has been really great. Great enough for me to overlook the general grunge-stickyness of the restaurant as well as the occasional lack of actual dishware. It's byob (for now) and we were provided with solo cups for our sparkling wine which might have been an aesthetic choice or a clever ploy to make us go through the bottle that much faster.

All of their dumplings are solid options and rise to greatness with liberal use of their dumpling sauce. I would actually recommend getting some of the more basic dishes here like chicken skewers which arrive hot enough to scald all the skin off your mouth and fried rice which comes untainted by soy sauce and therefore becomes a perfect carrier for any other sauces from all the other dishes you've already ordered.

They also have a non-spicy version of dan dan noodles (pork with sauce noodles) for those who always wanted to try Han Dynasty's signature dish but afraid of the spice level.
Perhaps after all the really positive reviews, my expectations were too high? Tried the soup dumplings that everyone raved about - they were above average, but I'm not sure they're the best that I've ever had. Also tried the Shanghai rice cake stir fry. This one was okay (rice cakes had a good bouncy, chewy consistency - which is what you want - rather than doughy or spongy), but the rice cakes themselves were definitely more on the bland side. The meat had more sauce and flavor, and I only wish that they had coated the rice cakes with more sauce too. Don't bother with the pan fried beef potato cakes - they're fine for if you literally want just beef wrapped in potato pastry and deep fried, but nothing to write home about.

What was surprising was that even though I went during an off time, where many tables were empty, the food still took a while to come out.
So what makes this place a dim sum place? It's definitely not your typical Cantonese style. I ordered Shanghai shumai, assuming it's similar to the Cantonese version with pork, shrimp, and the mystery goodness. I was wrong, it was stuffed with sticky rice. It was interesting, and I have no comment. As for soup dumplings I got: crab, regular, and spicy pork. The regular was quite bland, crab was probably the best for me, and didnt care too much about the pork. So where do I start? Well...the skin of the dumplings were quite thick and doughy. Despite the skin issue, the soup was quite okay, not too bad.
Next was the hagao, the skin was soggy and the shrimp would fall out. The scallion pancake was lacking the scallions, but the panfried dumpling was quite good tho. Lastly, the calamari was not well seasoned at all. 
As for pricing, it's definitely not expensive, but I feel as though I could get better dim sum elsewhere. 

If this is what Philly labeled as their best, then the people obviously doesn't know what is good dim sum.
DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT EATING IN THIS RESTAURANT UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE INSULTED BY WAITERS/WAITRESSES. I have the shittest experience of dinning in this restaurant in my entire life. First of all, the chicken feet they serve was cold, rotten and seems like it's been stored in the fridge for a couple days,so we returned this plate to our waitress, SOPHIE. Later, a plate of noodle was serve and the noodle smells weird and like it's been in the fridge for a long time (we have ten people and we are all Asian and we all know how the food suppose to taste like). So we called another waiter to returned this dish because it's not fresh. One minutes later, our waitress,SOPHIE, barged in with the noodle dish and yells"all of you what is wrong with this again" with a very annoyed face and yelled at our table when communicating. She then rolled her eye and says fine and as she walked to hallway she said "so fucking annoying" in a volume that we can all hear. I have never ever seen any waiter in any restaurant will do this to their customer. Later as she come back to serve us, she mumble "trash" in her dialect which she has no idea we all understand. We brought this problem to the manager and SOPHIE still REFUSED to apologized and seems like they can not do anything about SOPHIE's outrageous crazy attitude. And one of their co-worker CHRIS with yellow highlighted hair states" you guys are just all here for trouble right?" UNBELIEVABLE 
      Other than that two plates we had problem with, everything else was good(soup dumpling, shrimp dumpling etc). But they forgot to serve one of the plate which is the potato beef bun I think. 
      We still paid our tips because we acknowledged that other waiters will shared their tips at the end of the day. It is not fair that they receive nothing when they didn't do anything wrong. I have no idea why this restaurant still have a lot of customers and everybody seem to be ok with their shitty service and crazy attitude toward customers.
If you aren't asian, you will like this place.
I've had better soup dumplings though not in Philly. The dumplings are okay, a bit bland as I'm use to flavorful soup dumplings with lots of choice. Even the pan fried dumpling buns had a one dimensional taste. Pork in noodles sauce is okay.
Service depends on when you go. Be ready to flag someone down.
Took forever for the last dish to come. We finished everything and the other table, who came in later than us were finishing up by the time I got our last dish. I had flagged waiters down twice already.
This place is okay. But I don't get the huge rave over it.
Food here is delicious! My friends and I had the Noodles in Scallion Sauce and it's almost like the Chinese version of Jaja Mien. It came in a pretty small portion and we ended up ordering three orders and still had room for soup dumplings! Soup dumplings here are yummy! I actually like them more than Joe's Shanghai in NYC! Both the pork and pork with crab meat were good and each order came with an order of 8. Best part of the whole meal was that it came so so cheap! We were all stuffed and ended up paying only $10 bucks each! 

Be prepared to stuff yourself until you gotta roll out of the door and be sure to bring cash. This venue only takes cash. The only bad thing I have to say is make sure you have plenty of time to enjoy dining here. The place seemed pretty busy which in the end gave us pretty slow service.
