Looked at my credit card statement from the last few months and it's clear that this has become my go to place for Chinese food. In fact, a bit unfortunate, as I rarely go to Chinatown to eat anymore. I eat both in the restaurant (for the soup dumplings) and also takeout (generally an order of shrimp fried rice, an edamame tofu strip dish, and a Peking duck dish). Consistently very good. 

I find that the service that they use for takeout delivery is very expensive and so I generally order over phone and then pickup the food myself.
I'm going with three stars for my first visit, though I could easily see Dim Sum House earning another star with some small tweaks. Two friends and I stopped in for an early dinner on a Sunday, and we were seated right away at a table near the bar. It was only when I made a trip to the restroom later on that I noticed the much larger dining room - this is a nicer area though the more informal bar area was fine for our visit. 

I was in the mood for a cocktail, so I went with the What's in the Flask? Magic Potion?, which is a bourbon base with grilled peach syrup, oolong, mint and lemon. It was excellent. One of the best cocktails I've had in recent memory. The second one I ordered was just as good. That drink alone is enough to get me back in the door. 

We ordered a ton of plates to share; perhaps this is why servers kept bringing dishes to our table that we actually didn't order? We repeatedly had to tell servers, no, that order of... isn't ours, but we are still waiting on the... 

Another note about service: our server, while friendly, was also seen chomping away on food at the bar in between taking orders and serving drinks. Not exactly polished. 

As for the food itself, I thought it was really solid. Soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, honey walnut shrimp, noodles, veggies and more were all tasty and perfect for sharing. 

I'd like to return, and I'd love to see some improvements on the service since they are clearly going for a more refined vibe than some of the dim sum restaurants in Chinatown.
Dim sum, win some. I think this new establishment in UC is a great addition to the west philly asian cuisine scene. I would note that this restaurant has a solid amount of the classic dishes of dim sum but they can be adventurous as well. For example, there was a durian pastry that my friend pressured us into trying, which turned out to be fairly tasty if you don't mind the durian flavor. It wasn't as powerful as I feared.
The service was average, some of the servers seemed to be inexperienced or didn't really know the menu items but we tried to be gracious. They also forgot about one of our dishes so we had to remind them to bring it our or remove it altogether.
I would give notice to the fact that because this is more upscale than the humble restaurants of chinatown the prices also reflect that. I don't prefer to pay more for this type of food considering it is "snack" food, but I do value their quality. The flavors were on par with good dim sum so if you do not want to travel past the Schuylkill river, Dim Sum House is the one.
Dim Sum House , where does one begin with this review? What can I point out that no one else has covered?  I can point out that the decor or their ambiance has a sexy look to it . Yea, yea I think I will go with that for right now. 

Ok so now that I got that out of the way lets dive into this review like a kid to a fresh cotton candy stick at a carnival. Seriously Dim Sum House is on point with everything, down to the refreshing libations. If you were to get a few cocktails , try their Drunken Master and their Chase the Dragon. They may not seem strong, or at least to me they weren't, but I was wrong. They will creep up on you like a ninja, stealthy dangerous is all I'm going to say on that matter.  

** I just want to throw this disclaimer out there now. I will straight up murder an order of soup dumplings, like it's nobody's business.**

We tackled both sides of the menu so we could that full experience of these dishes. You know I'm not selfish when it comes to this type of cuisine.  Check out our winning line up.

Team Shanghai consisted of :
~Crab & Pork Soup Dumplings
~Extra Spicy Soup Dumplings
~Beef Stuffed Scallion Pancakes
~Chili Oil Wontons 
~ Sticky Rice

Team Cantonese consisted of :
~Shrimp Stuffed Eggplants
~Roast Pork Bun
~Spicy Shrimp Dumplings 
~Egg Custard Bun
We also shared a few other dishes like their Dan Dan with pork, and their Dongbo pork belly. 

Yes our table was over flowing with food. No we did not finish it all , in case you guys were wondering. The service was good, our waitress made sure we were fully accommodated with drinks and so forth. She was very patient with us seeing we were going all in with our order.

Will I be back? Yes, every time I come home to visit I'll make sure to make a stop down here.
This is probably one of the nicest and biggest Chinese restaurants in the area. When you walk in you see a large open space with multiple dining rooms and attention to decoration. But, some of that wears off when you sit down and your table is the stereotypical Chinatown dirty table with a paper menu. 

Still, the food is authentic, even with English speaking servers! Soup dumplings have a thinner layer of skin than at dim sum garden or toms dim sum, making for a tastier experience! 

Prices here are slightly above average Chinese food ($11 for string beans with no meat, anyone?) but service makes up for it (although they did give us the wrong item but it was easily switched out). 

Btw, beef scallion pancakes is a must :)
Heard about a new Dim Sum joint being run by Jane G's crew and figured I needed to make a point of checking it out.  Luckily for me, the next day was MLK day and I had a day off to explore.  I grabbed Jared J for some company and headed their way around noon.

You never know what to expect with a recently opened restaurant and the holiday too boot, yet we walked into a packed house.  Surprising since this place seems huge!  No worries as they didn't take long to greet us, seat us, and bring us some great hot tea.  

We found their menu had both Shanghai and Cantonese dim sum, along with soups, veggies, and a few other entree items.  Honestly, I didn't know there were different types of dim sum!  Let's face it, I'm sure their entrees are fine, but I came for dum sum.  We ordered the Pork Soup Dumplings, Crabmeat Soup Dumplings, Shanghai Sticky Rice Shao Mai, Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, and a Mustard Green Pork Soup.

Obviously from the five star rating it was top notch.  The details - the soup dumplings came in groups of 6, the others in groups of 4, and the soup served two easily.  The amount of food seemed perfect for the two of us.  I wasn't a huge fan of the Sticky Rice.  From the dumplings, the Crystal Shrimp was a clear winner.  Believe it or not, my favorite dish was probably the soup.  Maybe I just wasn't expecting so much (flavor, content, deliciousness).  Sorry, no photos this time around as we mostly forgot and dug in first.

As I mentioned, they were rather packed.  I'm not sure they were expecting as many people, yet they handled everything well.  We did have to wait a bit for some of our food, but they came out with dishes as they were prepared so we always had chow to eat.  I mentioned the free tea, but its worth noting it is better than one would expect (especially for free tea).  If you'd like a glass of water with your meal, make sure to ask.  However, once you had it, they are on spot with refills and appropriately check in with you as you eat.

In my mind, U City got blessed with another great place to eat.  Since its not quite around the corner from me, I won't be going every day.  Honestly, that is probably the only thing stopping me - I will certainly be back!
Dim Sum House felt like an elegant take on classic dim sum. My group attended for UC Dining Days and were prepared to eat a lot.

After getting settled into a large, cozy booth by the window, we placed our cocktail order. The Canton Cosmo is their take on a lychee martini. Vodka and lychee liquor made it strong in a disguising way.

We ordered most of the appetizers and doubled up on the ones with the most hype. The pork soup dumplings and beef scallion pancakes were that good. The pancake was shaped more like an egg roll but tasted like a traditional scallion pancake; it was very hearty.

For the mains, we ordered two dry pepper with chicken, green long hots with shredded beef and Dan Dan noodles. Food coma was already kicking in, but we had to indulge while it was hot a fresh. I wasn't expecting the chicken to be crispy and in little popcorn chicken like bites, but it was a pleasant treat. The peppers in the chicken were a little tough but gave a good kick. The beef was excellent and I'd absolutely order it again.

We went with the Vietnamese coffee and green tea ice cream. Upon recommendation from our server, we ordered the egg custard bao. It was so odd to cut into a dessert and have egg yolk come out, but then after getting past that, it was delicious custard! 

We got all that food (minus the cocktails) for $25 per person. Obviously a great deal, but that did the trick in showing me a new-to-me restaurant and making me want to return.
Uh. Maze. Zing. Cute / trendy place, friendly staff, reasonable prices, delicious food. 

I had the spicy Xiao Long Bao - incredible
Shrimp and chive dumplings - humongous and delicious
Beef filled scallion pancake - sooo good
Steam pork buns - very good

Hot tea comes with every meal and it was fantastic too.

I love this place and want to come back to Philly just to eat here again!
When a Yelp friend sets up a surprise birthday gathering in a restaurant that you haven't been to before, it calls for a good reason to go and try it out. Especially when it leads to dim sum and an opportunity to try as many dumplings as possible! And overall Dim Sum House led to another good and unexpected Asian spot in West Philly!

It's not easy to get a group of 10+ together to unleash a surprise. But the fact that they did so with a surprise drink set the perfect tone for the good service to follow. And Dim Sum House had solid cocktail offerings like the Thyme Lord with Stateside Vodka. But it also had a good selection of beers, wines, mocktails, and a tea program to choose from.

When a menu gives you both a bunch of  dim sum treasures AND some traditional Asian standards, it gives you good reason to try all of the things! But to narrow it down I decided to load up on dumplings, try some different variations of shrimp, order something completely different, and compare their version of something to a Han Dynasty classic. So to do in no particular order I tried the following:

Shrimp and pork shumai - Sausage and shrimp wrapped in a dumpling skin. What's not to like?!

Shrimp stuffed eggplant - While in love shrimp and eggplant, this is where I learned that I don't like them presented together.

Spicy red shrimp dumplings - Easily my favorite dumpling of the night! juicy shrimp wrapped in red dumplings with just a little tinge of fiery heat!

Cold spicy kidney ceviche - take one of the more obscure organ meats, prepare it ceviche style with plenty of red chili oil heat and green roughage, and you get something that's sort of interesting in the "say wha?" but oddly tasty sort of way.

Dan dan noodles - While it was nowhere near the Han Dynasty classic, it still brought some heat that was suitably satisfying.

While Dim Sum House is currently a tricky to reach spot given that its a 2nd floor venue without much of a first, and there's a ton of road work outside, it also proved to be one that's well worthy of a visit.
I and my friends call them the "Gang of Three."  They are three Asian women who have transformed Asian cooking in Philadelphia - Susanna Foo, Margaret Kuo, and Jane G.  While Susanna Foo's restaurant 'SuGa' remains my top pick of the fine restaurants created by these creative women, Jane G. has opened a wonderful new restaurant in University City called Dim Sum House.  This bar and eatery is just what University City needed.  It's an attractive space (much larger than it first appears) containing an attractive bar replete with pool table to one side and fine-looking dining rooms in the other direction.  The food is great.  The dining experience begins with a flavorful tea served in a very pretty Chinese ceramic pot. I then ordered the Chinese turnip (radish) cakes with hoisin sauce as a starter and a very tasty long hots and beef as my main course. Now I mention 'courses' but that was where the only glitch of the evening came as both dishes came out simultaneously even though I was clear I wanted one first and the other one afterwards. Oh well - it wasn't the end of the world but the kitchen should do better on timing.  The waiter James was very friendly and competent - indeed everyone who worked here was smiling.  Jane G. has hit a homerun with Dim Sum House and opened the best Chinese Restaurant in University City.  Get your reservation now!
As Nando so expertly wrote, this place is sexy and hip. It was more sophisticated then I expected.  After walking around University City for a while Dim Sum House was a welcome respite, especially for our tired feet. 

We ordered a bunch of items to share and of course the soup dumplings. The Shrimp and Chive dumplings were really good. The Dan Dan noodles were excellent.  We also liked the sticky rice dumplings. The steamed pork buns didn't do it for us and the soup dumplings were very good but I still like Dim Sum Garden's the best. 

Our food came out fast and our server was very good. Dim Sum House has a decent choice of cocktails and beers, which is nice. I would definitely go back again and look forward to trying some different items.

4 Yelp stars.
Had dinner here after reading a news article about the restaurant.

Get the beef scallion pancake.  It's kind of like a sandwich with the scallion pancake acting as the bread, then add beef inside.  We ended up ordering an extra order of it.

As for the soup dumplings, the skins were relatively thin which is a good thing.  All in all the experience was excellent. Servers were constantly checking on our table, food came out quickly, restaurant was very clean and very nice inside.  It's like an upscale Chinatown experience but located in university city which was sorely lacking a good soup dumplings joint.

I'd rank the food as pretty decent and the overall experience as great, no need to drive to Chinatown anymore for soup dumplings!
Dim Sum House will have you housing their dumplings and dim sum, but in a classy looking establishment, rather than the dark boisterous cramped Chinatown ambiance you're used to. 

Owned by the Jane G's folks, this sleek-looking, bright, spacious, restaurant has booths lining the sides, with some high top tables in the middle, a pool table (a bit random during dim sum, but probably fits in more during happy hour and weekends), and more private dining areas in the back, perfect for private parties or events.

The food was very good and fresh tasting, I've never seen shumai and chicken feet so big! The custard buns are not to be missed- soft, smooth and pillowy with a warm custard explosion when you bite into it. They have soup dumplings and shrimp cheong fun, and all the regular dim sum bites, "the familiars" (read: general tso's), and a decent amount of vegetarian options (buns, dumplings, green beans). Basically, you can bring your white friends here and they won't feel the need to check the health reports after.

Prices are not Chinatown prices, but for dim sum for 4, I think the bill was around $80, so not too bad. I'd love to host an event here, they definitely have the space for it!
This is hands down the best Chinese restaurant on UPenn's Campus. When I first heard of this place, I didn't want to go because it's a bit far from locust walk, but I ended up going out of curiosity. I did not the walk one bit.

When I got there, the waiter was relatively slow in noticing that I was ready to order, but he was skilled in a sense that he could memorize my order. The food that came not only looked aesthetically pleasing but tasted amazing. I had the shanghai soup dumplings, the shanghai wontons, the pan fried dumplings, and the pork vegetable dumplings. The shanghai soup dumplings had the soup retained, and the "mian" held together nicely. The wontons tasted authentic ,and the pan friend dumplings were the best I've tasted in a while. Definitely a great Chinese restaurant for the food. 

Although the price is definitely more expensive than other dim sum places, the taste is definitely worth it. The service was nice, and the tea they served tasted nice too. Definitely try this place out if you're a student or employed at the Uni!
(2.5 stars) Pretty disappointing dinner experience. Maybe the full dim sum route is the way to go, but I went with full meal, the kung pao chicken, and it was underwhelming. It's not very much chicken, it's pretty oily, and most of the dish is spices or peppers that's supposed to make the plate spicy but fails to do so. They also don't have brown rice, so the dish had to be enjoyed with white rice, which does nothing for it. Not worth the the $14 price tag. 

The truffle edamame dumplings were cute, but at the end of the day, tasted pretty much like mashed potatoes. Not bad but didn't live up to the hype of their name. The dan dan noodles were also super oily, couldn't see myself having a lot of it. Probably wouldn't return unless for happy hour.
$90 for 3 adults, including cocktails(HH) and all left full and with leftovers. We ordered a lot. I'd say at least 11 plates. I'll let that sink in for a second while you ponder that value...
DSH has been on my radar since opening and hearing about it from fellow Yelpers. Plus my daughter has been raving about it for months so I made a reservation for she and her girlfriend to celebrate her graduation from Penn in 2 days. As the offspring explained to me, DSH is always mobbed due to its Penn proximity thus requiring a reservation. I would add I also believe it's because the dim sum is reasonably priced and the Happy Hour prices for cocktails are among the best in the city. Luckily it was not mobbed because Penn's winter semester is now over but I am sure when the Fall sessions start it will be mobbed again. So take advantage of the summer months to get in.
We all loved the food. Most of what we ordered were shrimp or pork plates as well as spring rolls.I commented to the table this Dim Sum was better than I've gotten in Chinatown. Our plates were delivered quickly and removed just as efficiently when empty. 
Thanks to my daughter suggesting this place with it's great service, food and ambience, count me in as Dim Sum House's newest fan!
My usual spot, Han Dynasty isn't open for dine-in still, so decided to come here based on the reviews.  Solid dim sum restaurant located in University City by U Penn.  The interior is very nice inside and the service was very friendly.  I only tried their dim sum menu which had your usual dim sum offerings.  Their soup dumplings were just okay- probably wouldn't order that again.  But I really liked their turnip cake, shrimp dumplings, shu mai and especially their Dan Dan mian.  I didn't like their roast pork bun, spicy wontons (no meat inside), or their soy sauce Brussels sprouts.
Honestly so disappointed. Had had great food here but when we tried to go at 1:25 (they say on every internet source they are open till 2am) they told us that the kitchen closed at 1am. No where on the internet did they say this - this is completely false advertising, and the host at the time was incredibly rude and unhelpful. I am very disappointed and unhappy. Will be bringing my business elsewhere and I encourage everyone else to do the same. False advertising is one thing but being unaccommodating and outright RUDE is another.
Subpar & expensive.

Really excited to have a dim sum place on campus but this one is not authentic at all. It's much more like a Han Dynasty, except much worse.
Pros:
-You can get a text when your table is ready. You don't have to wait around the front
-Food is amazing. One of the best soup dumplings I've had. Other dishes such as the pork belly w mustard greens was also an excellent dish
-Food gets served fast

Cons:
-Premium prices due to location, $30+ per person
-The sticky rice in banana leaf, honey walnut shrimp, short ribs were okay
-Small washroom
-Servers disappear after the food gets served
Their incomprehensible house policies enough to ruin a night out.

I called at 11:30am to place a reservation for 11 people at 5:15pm. The person was cheerful on the phone and answered my questions about the happy hour specials and time frame. What she completely neglected to tell me was that an entire half of the restaurant did not allow happy hour and that was where she had placed my group. 

I would assume that if I had called to place a reservation then followed up with happy hour questions, I would want to make use of the happy hour during that dinner but apparently this connection needs to be spelled out.

This is the first time I've experienced a seating-specific happy hour. Within the restaurant, there is a separated dining area and they will refuse to serve you specials. If you want something for the discounted price, you will be told to get up, walk over to the bar, place your order, receive your drink, close your tab at the bar, and then walk back with your drink in hand to sit back down at your table.

Apparently this is to "encourage you to go to the bar." I don't understand why you have to be encouraged to go to the bar if you are already in the restaurant ordering food. 

What's more, when I arrived at 5:15pm, ahead of everyone else in my party, the person up front told me that it's house policy (we heard this phrase a lot throughout the night) to wait until half the party is present before seating anyone. When four more people showed up (hitting five out of the reserved 11), we were told that we had to wait until there were eight of us total. Either their mathematical definition of "half" differs from the rest of the world or these house policies are remarkably fluid on the side of the restaurant. 

Two of our group bailed out last minute (they were the lucky ones) and we were finally able to be seated after waiting for over half an hour. It wasn't until after we were seated that we were told about the happy hour ban. The person seating us also told us that "sometimes your server can make an exception and serve you the happy hour specials at your table." When we asked our server, he instead suggested the above work-around, ordering one drink-by-one drink at the bar. 

So we decided to get up and order a full dinner at the two tall standing-only tables placed in between the bar and the happy hour-allowed seating area. In the span of 40 minutes, 9 of the restaurant staff had to ask us to shuffle aside as they carried steaming hot plates and baskets through. The bartender really did her best to find us seating elsewhere because we were literally walling off the entire area but she wasn't able to until another party left. 

It really sucks to have to move locations three times in the same restaurant. I was so impressed with this place when I went in for just drinks that I sank in the time to coax 8 friends to come here for dinner and this was our experience. I've learned my lesson and will stick to restaurants that know how to handle large groups and don't throw restrictive house policies into the faces of their customers.
I came here for lunch and was quite disappointed by the lunch special. I saw on other reviews that the dumplings were quite good, but these weren't offered. I went to the grand opening party and enjoyed the dim sum I had there. The lunch menu seemed to be at a good price point; 12 dollars for a soup and an entree. The restaurant is really nice to be in; there are a lot of decorations and the ambiance is great. 

I ordered the egg drop soup with corn and my friend got the dumpling soup. We enjoyed both of our soups. 

My friend ordered some kind of pork dish and I ordered the hot pot fish dish. So. Oily. Almost to the point that there was pretty much no flavor besides just... oil. My flavorless fish had a pretty good portion, though, but there was literally just a layer of oil on top. Same with the pork; there was a huge pool of oil on the dish. The rice was fine though; the fried rice wasn't super "fried" and actually tasted healthier than other places. 

The service was also quite subpar. I had to literally chase after waiters to ask for a spoon for my soup and for the bill. As in, my waiter was literally no where to be found after he took my order. I saw a few waiters just sitting around on the benches on their phones. 

Overall, I was pretty disappointed by Dim Sum House - the flavorless, oily food and the slow service. Will not be back for the entrees, but may be back to try the dumplings. Han Dynasty is much better for the things we ordered!
Dim Sum House was solid.

We went there recently for dinner. Here's the rundown: 

Steamed fish was slightly overcooked (by a minute?) but otherwise good. This is the classic Cantonese-style steamed whole fish with hot oil poured on top, which releases the aroma of scallions, etc. 4 stars

Greens (sauteed pea shoots) were fine, not the most tender, nor the most tough. 3 stars

Garlic sauce style pork was meh -- in terms of quality, it's on par with most American Chinese takeout joints. I wouldn't want this again. 2 stars

Service was good.

Previously I've been to Dim Sum House & tried some dim sum (pretty good) and other dishes. Overall, it's somewhere between 3-4 stars for food.
Nice new edition to Univ. City. The place has nice decor and friendly staff. 

Ordered: 

xlb - these were pretty good. they serve it with vinegar which i'm not a fan of. I thought they'd use Dim Sum Gardens dumpling sauce (crack sauce), but i guess they didnt' want to share the recipe. 

mapo tofu - average, nothing too standout

eggplant in garlic sauce - way too sweet. 

Minus for the prices. They were definitely not typical Shanghainese prices. $1-3 more than their counterparts throughout the city. I usually order the scallion pancakes, but i recall they were almost double the price ($5.50)!
I've come here many times to celebrate events or just enjoy my friends, and each time, we leave happy and full with food and memories. The service is fast and friendly here and the food is even better! In the inside, the place is beautiful and the space is one where you can go for any occasion. Plus, I love how the restaurant really cares about their customers. When I was planning a special event here, the chef worked with me and make the food certain colors to reflect my themes (at no extra cost) and everyone was incredibly impressed! This place has my and my friends repeat business!
A group of us celebrated my boyfriend's birthday by ordering the $400 gigantic crab and it was definitely an unforgettable experience. 
If you have a special occasion to celebrate with a small group I can't think of a better way than reserving one of these big delicious crabs. The crab is cooked three different ways and each one is absolutely delicious. The service and ambiance with the cool corner table made our night unforgettable. Our group started off with a few apps, namely scallion pancakes, pork and leek dumplings, and shrimp balls. The shrimp balls were so good my man ordered seconds, and the shrimp balls were bigger than you'd think (ha!).  Scallion pancakes are crispy little bites of heaven, and of course the dumplings are fabulous. 
Dim Sum House has one of my favorite mixed drinks ever, the shapeless like water, which is a sake sangria and goes down way too easily! Also, to cap off this perfect birthday dinner, the restaurant let me bring in a cake for my boyfriend. We had an epic night here and will definitely be back!
Dim Sum House (or DSH as some of my friends and I like to say) has become a recurring rendezvous point when I'm meeting with friends who are back in University City/Penn's campus and there's a reason for that. DSH consistently serves delicious food and time-after-time maintains their stellar service.

While DSH is far from a dim sum restaurant with aunties rolling carts of mini plates and checking off your paper, that does not mean it can compete on their quality of food. I recommend mixing dim sum plates with entrees to appreciate the wide array of items they offer. My favorites are their turnip cakes, dry pepper chicken, and shrimp siu mai just to name three. Honestly, if I could order the entire menu I wholeheartedly would.

I have eaten many, many meals at DSH through the years and every time I return I realize I'm back in a place where I have created so many great memories with friends accompanied -- of course -- by delicious food.

Happy eating and stay safe out there, fam!
Get the spicy soup dumplings! They are so delicious. Not very spicy to be honest, but they are very flavorful. 

They've launched a happy hour now so theres a variety of dim sum items on there for $4 as well as drink specials. 

I liked their chicken on a stick which had a lot of flavor. I wasn't a fan of the crystal shrimp dumplings.

My only real complaint is that every time I've been here they forget the spoon for the soup dumplings, and I usually am not provided the chili oil on the side.
One of my favorite places to go for dim sum outside of Chinatown! I highly recommend the beef scallion pancake appetizer, I get it every time without fail. They have a nice selection of dim sum which you order off the menu, including siu mai, soup dumplings, roast pork bun, shrimp cheung fun, and shrimp dumplings. I tried the spicy soup dumplings and enjoyed the extra kick. The fried turnip cakes are also so so good, love the texture and the dipping sauce on the side. For entrees, my boyfriend's personal favorite is the pork belly with mustard greens which come with buns on the side. The long hot pork was delicious. I'm also a fan of the Dan dan noodles here.
The service here is great and I'm always surprised by how fast our food comes out. The interior decoration is nice, it's a peaceful lounge atmosphere with fresh flowers on the side, suitable for a casual dinner with friends. 
FYI if you book a reservation here on open table, it has be at least 2 hours in advance or they automatically cancel the reservation.  Learned this the hard way after 3 notifications of them cancelling my reservation and me trying to book it over and over again.
The menu says it's relatively new, so hopefully they'll have a greater selection of dim sum to come. Shu mai and dumplings were expected, but I didn't see ha kow and other traditional dim sum items on the menu. But to their defense, there are a LOT of things that could be in the menu. There wasn't a tea list yet either, but the tea served was good. (However the wait staff weren't informed about the tilted teapot lid signal.)

It's much bigger than it appears, and after the 40 minute wait for dinner time without reservations, we were seated at a table in the middle. That wasn't such a bad thing when the lion dance came out--then it became prime seats! For every lunar New year, it's a tradition. It was interesting to see how the mixed crowd reacted--a majority with phones to record it, while a few with bills in hand. 

We ordered mapo tofu (not oily, good), beef scallion pancake (soft and crunchy), soup dumplings (how does one actually eat this?), Turnip cake (crunchy, not oily, didn't care for the included hoisin sauce), and shu mai (looked OK..). I'd like to try more of their speciality dishes when I have a bigger stomach.

It's very modern, and I enjoyed the experience. The price was not too bad for the quality of food, atmosphere, and unexpected entertainment. They have room to grow; I would return.
3.5 stars!
I came back to Dim Sum House to try more of their offerings.
This casual restaurant specializes in Shanghai/Cantonese cuisine. Pretty big restaurant, though reservations are recommended. I went on a Thursday night and there was a 20 min wait (though they did have a private event that night).
We had to wipe food particles off the chairs before being seated, which is gross.
The service is lackluster and mediocre. There is no attentiveness or enthusiasm.
The soup dumplings are a winner here (better than Philly chinatown). I'd skip the pan fried soup dumplings - don't expect a crispy bottom.
Beware the Beef Lover's Quarrel is very hot and has a very slow burn.
Hainan Chicken was moist, but I wish the garlic/ginger sauce was just spread on top. It's hard to dip into.
The dan dan noodles are okay, they are not as good as Han Dynasty.
Singapore mei fun is just okay as well.
Bok choi was standard and way overpriced ($11).
Everything comes to the table when ready. The soup dumplings and most dishes came quickly. After we received/ate everything and waited longer, the crispy duck finally came. They need to work on timing a bit better.
Crispy duck was crispy and salty, though a little dry.
Overall, I would return if I am dying for soup dumplings (and can't go to NYC). Chinese food is done well here, but not well enough for the high prices.
So glad to have this place in the neighborhood. I tried Dim Sum House tonight with my two daughters and we really liked this place. The interior is beautiful and inviting...great ambiance. The place is very roomy and actually could easily pull off large parties and celebrations while also keeping an intimate feel if on a date or wanting a quiet dinner.

The staff was warm and inviting. Our server was eager to please but he seemed new and was still finding his way around. I would have loved to have been asked for refills on drink orders and water but I'm pretty confident he'll get the hang of things as time goes on. 

The food was tasty. They have a menu of Cantonese- and Shanghai-style dim sum along with fried rice, noodle dishes and "familiars". We ordered the crab dumplings, scallion pancakes, pork bun, black bean short ribs and my daughter ordered a "familiar" of chicken and broccoli.

The crab dumplings were tasty. I was somewhat disappointed with the overwhelming flavor of pork instead of crab but the server told me that most of the items were pork based. They were still very good, however. The scallion pancakes were fried perfectly and the flavor was spot on. My 11-year-old loved the pork bun and devoured our order. And of course, the familiar tasted just the way it should.

We happened to have been dining during happy hour and I was able to enjoy a refreshing cocktail for $5.00. That was an added bonus.

I love that I don't have to go to China town to get dim sum. This place is a welcome addition to University City. I will definitely be back.
Just tried this place tonight and absolutely loved it!! It's a must go. The pork soup dumplings were my favorite  - they were perfectly cooked and just at the right temperature. Service is also amazing here it's very fast. Now they have OpenTable as well to score some points
Great place for dim sum for a big group! There's tons of seating, they're open late, and the prices are really reasonable. I came with a group of 7 and we ordered a ton of small and big dishes and ended up paying $15 each after tip and tax. ASK FOR A MILITARY DISCOUNT FOR 20% OFF THE CHECK! Out waiter was kind and the atmosphere of the restaurant was great. 10/10 would recommend.
I ordered from Grubhub and the food was delicious. The Singapore mei fun is some of the best I've had and it's a heaping order. Had I known it was going to be so large, I would have ordered one for my daughter and me to share... but on the upside, we can enjoy lots of leftover delicious mei fun. The seaweed salad is so good. Such great flavor. And I never skip the scallion pancakes. We took everything outside to the back patio and enjoyed a perfect spring night with delicious food.
Wow I'm so impressed by this spot! It's definitely pretty crowded, so we got lucky by walking in and getting two seats at the bar. I definitely wouldn't expect a table to be ready when walking in on a weekend night.

I am a HUGE soup dumpling fan... but spicy soup dumplings?? I'm officially in heaven. The pan friend pork soup dumplings were also top notch, along with one of the best scallion pancakes I've had. As an entree we split general tso's chicken, which has a secret weapon at Dim Sum House.. walnuts! It was super tasty.

The cocktail menu was short, but great. My old fashioned (old thymer) was truly one of the better old fashioneds I've had.
I'm beginning to think most higher quality dim sum places tastes the same. I really like Jane G's in center city so I've been meaning to try their new dim sum establishment. Dim Sum House has a very clean and trendy vibe, with a pool table and large screen TVs near the seating area. After we ordered, we went over to the pool table to kill time. Our waitress accidentally threw away our order.. so after half an hour we inquired about our food only to find out it was never put in, but she was very apologetic and a fraction was deducted from our final bill.

The food itself is pretty darn good. I would probably stick to the dim sum menu here because the bok choy dish we ordered was quite small. The soup dumplings, fried pork and leek dumplings, sticky rice, and pork spareribs were all on par with the best dim sum (shanghainese) in Philly. The price is a tad more expensive than you'd find in Chinatown, but you're also paying for more space, the less rowdy atmosphere, and a pool table I guess. Aside from the ordering hiccup, I have no qualms with this place.
Dim Sum house has literally just won the award for best community west philly restaurant ever. So here's the deal....I ordered a bunch off Grub Hub and put in all my sauce quirks which were not delivered. I was sooo mad and called to complain. I don't normally do this and have had this issue with grubhub a ton of times but was annoyed because Dim Sum House is kinda pricey. I couldn't believe it someone cam in 10 mins and dropped off all my sauce requests. That is great customer service. Every business in U city should take note... Thx so much DSH. You got a customer for life.
Went here for lunch with a group of co-workers and was happily surprised to find such a nice restaurant in the University City area. The restaurant is located on the second-floor, tucked behind two huge doors, which gives it a nice secluded feeling. You can tell that the owners put down some serious money on the interior design, with leather seating and detailing on the floors.

The food was good and well-priced, just what we wanted for a group lunch. We were able to share roughly 10 dim sum plates between us for only $70. I ordered the Cantonese pork buns and my colleagues got the soup dumplings, chicken curry dumplings, shrimp shumai, and scallion pancakes. We were all very impressed with the quality of the dim sum, especially since it was some of my colleagues first time trying this cuisine. All of us agreed that we will be back soon.
Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. What a strongly resounding meh of a restaurant. It hits all the classic hallmarks of niche ethnic food repackaged for a predominantly Western audience. For context, I came here for dim sum during Sunday lunchtime and split a selection of dishes from both the Cantonese and Shanghainese dim sum selections.

Overpriced? Check. Everything is marked up about 50% over any other Chinatown dim sum joint.

Overly greasy? Check. The scallion pancakes were browned and shimmery with grease.

Kitschy Asian/modernist fusion decor? Check. Check. Check. Alright, this is more a personal pet peeve, but still. No points deducted for this.

So, positives. The food, besides the scallion pancakes, was fine. Not amazing, but definitely fine. Nothing I had was noticeably bad or good. The tea was good, I'm not going to lie. Definitely load up on the tea if you come here. 

Minor pet peeve: we got one menu between two people and we asked our waiter if we could keep it in case we wanted to order more and he was just like "nah". Oooookay? 

Now for the ultimate pet peeve: when you order soup dumplings, you get a little platter of sauce. The platter they gave us was too small to fit the spoon you use to carry the soup dumplings around, so the only way to get the dumpling and the sauce in the same bite was to pick it up and pour it onto your spoon. What on Earth?? 

Final verdict, if you don't care about price and you need dim sum NOW, Dim Sum House is fine. It's definitely not worth a trip unless you place a strong priority on minimalist furniture and what are probably higher sanitation standards than other Chinatown places. 2/5.
This place is just plain bad! When you can't execute simple dishes yet find a way be overpriced...well, that takes skill! The soup dumplings had no soup inside...the scallion pancake is mostly undercooked dough...and the curry chicken dumplings? Just why??? I suggest you go to a place that can actually make you a decent dumpling...fried or steamed and actually offers the items that won't be an 'adventure' with each order.
Not sure if I want to come back to this place. Our party of 8 was there last night and service was horrible. (Usually this isn't the case, I guess we were unlucky) So, dinners beware! Our bill came out to be $318, gratuity and tax included. The website states that it's 18% for party of five and more. The bill states 20%. Would have been happy to pay the extra measly 6$ or more, if service was better. This was how BAD service was: took 15 minutes for him to get his act together and get our order, he never checked up on water, never came back to take away plates (sure, we love stacks of staggered used plates up on the table), our second bowl of rice never came (even though it was asked for 3 times), other servers brought out what we asked for immediately, I asked for a plastic container at the end of the night that never came out. Sure, I suppose that he was busy with other tables? But around 10 pm, we were the ONLY people in that room. 

Anywho, I really wanted to talk to the manger that night for this lack of service, but my bf asked for me to let it go and since it was his birthday, I held my tongue. Don't think we will be back anytime soon. I decided to have my bfs birthday dinner here because the last couple of times service was great, so that was worth the extra money and drive to come back....... FOODIES! I suggest YOU SHOULD GO to DIM SUM GARDEN, quicker service and food is cheaper.
I was fortunate enough to attend a private event here and was treated to some of the best dim sum in the city. To start off, the look of the restaurant is fantastic. Might be the chicest dim sum restaurant i've been to. You can tell the decor and ambience was set and picked out very meticulously and it all works. 

The food was all great but the 3 dishes in particular that left me wanting more were the scallion pancakes with beef, their soup dumplings and a pork belly dish that was accompanied with a very good brown sauce which i can't remember what it was comprised of. 

Looks like another option has opened up in the city for delicious dim sum. Well worth the trek to UCity, and parking is probably easier to find here than in chinatown.
What a surprisingly great addition to the UCity dining environment! I am always a bit skeptical of asian restaurants in UCity because many of them are quick to go out of business or are expensive without justification. Dim Sum House, however, exceeded all of my expectations! 

The environment is slightly more upscale without being intimidating for the crowd, and the space is HUGE which is always a plus, knowing that I can come with a fairly large group of friends and be seated with no problems.

My favorites from Dim Sum House are the beef pancakes (please do get these, they're amazing) and their soup dumplings. I actually prefer their soup dumplings to Dim Sum Garden's because the skin is much thinner (and makes you believe you're not consuming so many carbs :P). I also love their spicy fish and tofu dish - we always get this when we're here!

They are a bit on the pricier end, but not unreasonably so, and definitely worth it when I don't feel like trekking to chinatown.
This was quite honestly the worst service I have ever received at a restaurant. We waited 10 minutes to be seen by a server who then proceeded to be extremely rude and didn't get us water or anything. We had to ask a busboy for water and our check at the end. The food was simply okay and over priced. If you have the time and the decency go to Dim Sum Garden.
Voted Best Dim Sum by Best of Philly 2019 and boy did it live up to the hype!! Such a fun, creative menu with a lot of items I've never tried before! A lot of unique vegan and vegetarian options. It was also relatively cheap (we spent under $50 on a dinner for 4), the service was very quick (food came out so fast!) and the servers were super nice and helpful, and the ambiance was great! I split a bunch of vegan dishes with 3 other people. We got the Tofu in Bean Sauce, Pumpkin Tarts, Dan Dan Noodles (vegan), Edamame Truffle Dumplings, Garlic Eggplant, and the Scallion Pancake. Everything was very tasty but my favorites were the Garlic Eggplant and Pumpkin Tarts. Will definitely be back!
This is my second time at Dim Sum House and both times the food has been excellent. The reason that I decided to deduct two stars was for my experience the second time.

My friends and I arrived at the Dim Sum House on Monday evening (5/16) for dinner. We requested a place for three guests, preferably a booth. She replied that at the moment there were no booths available. From our position at the stand, we could see that there was a booth that looked unused and asked if it was possible to sit there. She told us that she could not seat us there as it was to be utilized for parties of six. 

Understanding this, we acquiesced and were led to the table that was closest to the hostess stand. We weren't quite comfortable at this table either - it was a bit tight and EXTREMELY close to the hostess stand. After inquiring about another table, we were moved to something more accommodating.

As I mentioned before, we were all very pleased with the food.
I ordered the beef ho fun and roast pork buns, and my friends ordered the Singapore mei fun, authentic fried rice, and two additional shrimp dishes. Absolutely everything was delicious.

Towards the end of our meal, a group of two people (man and woman) comes in and is seated PRECISELY at the SAME booth that we were refused earlier. Soon after, another young man joins them. I remember thinking to myself "surely they must have more people coming". But as I watch, the hostess clears three of the six place settings and no one else ever joins their table. Additionally, there were several other tables left that they could've been seated at. 

The only blatant difference I could see was that my friends and I were Black and these other patrons were white. 

Perhaps there was something else going on that I was unaware of. I'm willing to extend the benefit of the doubt.

We planned to address this as we were leaving, but the hostess was no longer at the stand by the time we left.

I certainly enjoyed the food that evening. But this experience left a bad taste in my and my friend's mouths and I'm not sure if we'll be returning.
Just tried it. So far so good. Ordered a safe bet, my personal favorite and it was good with good portion size. This pushes me to experiment next time, keeping my fingers crossed!

The service was super cool and they have a pool table! Will come back real soon to add more stuff in my review!
Yes. Just go here. Don't even look at pictures anymore because they don't do the food justice.

Waited for 15 minutes on a Friday night to be seated. Immediately got a pot of tea (which was great btw, not too hot, not too herb-y and bitter). The menu has tons of food if you're not into just dim sum. We ordered pork buns, chicken feet (holy moly those babies were huge), the shrimp noodle thing that everyone likes, spicy xlb, rice in the leaf (which only comes in one btw but if you're going with another person you can easily split it), and the pork belly bao buns. All were bomb. I wasn't a big fan of the pork belly bc it felt a little too fatty for me, but my boyfriend enjoyed it. We didn't think we'd finish it all because it was all served at once, but it was delicious. 

The place was packed, but there's a lot of room. Bathrooms were clean as well. Customer service was great; even if there was a full house, there was always someone asking us if we needed anything.


Just go. You won't regret it. If you do, I'll eat your left over dim sum.
I hate going to Chinatown which is always dirty and messy. After moving to Philly for almost a year, finally I found this great dim sum place with authentic food and great dinning environment.  I lived in HK for a couple of years and I know what good dim sum should taste like. This place offers really delicious dishes in good portion and reasonable price at least for the 6 dishes we ordered this time. 

We will be back soon and try some more dishes. 

Yayyyy!
It's solid dim sum for Center City West but I would say that the price is much higher than what you would pay anywhere in Chinatown for comparable if not better quality.  However, if yu are at Penn, this is a good option close by.  I would pick the Shanghainese options vs. Cantonese as those are slightly better/more differentiated.

Some highlights:
1. pork soup dumplings: solid but pretty standard
2. scallion pancakes: a bit on the greasy side and the dough is slightly dense but not bad.  the minced beef gave it a nice twist
3. dan dan noodles: same solid version as Jane G's.  
4. turnip cake: pretty standard but the shell was not as crispy as I would have preferred
5. Shanghai shumai: just meh - I am from Shanghai and these were just passable.  But I have high standards for these - FYI.

The ambiance and seating are nicer than Chinatown but they limit the number of menus at each table and I love the instant gratification of a cart (that's just me).  It's okay but only if you live close by and don't want to trek to Chinatown for bigger portions and instant gratification at 50-70% of the price.
Just like Jane G's, Dim Sum House is an awesome restaurant that can deliver a spectacular dim sum experience for all types of groups. I have already been here for a few times, including grand opening, and it's by far, a fairly good place for having cantonese/shanghainese dim sum, getting a drink (they have a very unique, appealing selection), and playing a game of pool. 

For first timers, I recommend getting the pork & shrimp siumai, beef scallion pancakes and soup dumplings (spicy/non-spicy). They are juicy (literally) and different from a lot of the typical Asian cuisine restaurants in Philadelphia. Food came out in an orderly, quick manner (from appetizers to entrees.). Although this is only the second week after grand opening, the service here is actually not bad. If you don't know what you want, I recommend asking Kevin (the waiter) for recommendations. If you want savory, sweet, or spicy, he knows what you should get. Feeling beer, cocktail, or wine? He knows what you want. 

If you are ever in the Philadelphia's University City Area, I recommend you stopping by and having the Dim Sum House experience that I have gone through!
Got this take out last night! Thr siu mai and dumplings were huge. One piece filled me up. They were also delicious, juicy, meaty and flavorful. The custard inside the fluffy buns were still a little runny, which I like because it reminded me of the lava buns I had in Vegas. Ho fun was also good. The fried shrimp balls were tasty also. 
My only complaint was that the salt and pepper seafood was a tad bit salty and soggy. Very satisfying, overall.
Cute little place in University City, great for date nights or out with friends. The dim sum is amazing and the wonton soup is great. The General Tso Chicken was well flavored. I also tried some of my friend's fried rice and it was okay but better after adding the spicy sauce and some soy sauce. Portions in general are family style and can be shared, it's way more than enough for two people. I will definitely return to try other things on the menu. Overall it was a great experience and the service was quick
Delicious restaurant! Lots of small plate options, but they're surprisingly generous portions. I recommend the chicken scallion pancakes, pork and leek dumplings or beef wontons. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is very aesthetic and traditional
The food is good and there's no denying that but their serving size is very inconsistent! I've notice the lunch potions tend to be packed. Also, I've ordered for delivery and it's not the same quality! I do not recommend this place for delivery I think they use a different kitchen/cook for delivery items! Recommend for a sit in food service. The service is good + also the place is open late and has a decent drinks menu. Love their cocktails too!
I can't believe it took me so long to come here! My friend and I came here for lunch and split a bunch of dishes. I really wanted the Truffle Edamame Dumplings, but they were out. 

We had the Scallion Pancakes, Sesame Soy Brussels Sprouts, Veggie Soup Dumplings, Vegetable Tofu Skin Roll, and Egg Custard Bun. My favorites were the Scallion Pancakes, Brussels Sprouts, and Egg Custard Bun. The Vegetable Tofu Skin Roll was good but a little bland. The Veggie Soup Dumplings were not great - there was barely any soup in them, and the vegetables inside were super bland.

I definitely plan to return and try a few new dishes as well as order my favorites from this meal!
I came on the opening day. The XLB soup dumplings were superb. Not sure if it has anything to do with the owner's in-law being Dim Sum Garden's founder, who is a master XLB chef but sadly no longer makes any more dumplings at Dim Sum Garden. These XLB tasted surprisingly authentic Shanghainese, and the skins were much thinner than the ones served at Dim Sum Garden.

The other Shanghainese dim sum I ordered were not so authentic. If you are only craving Shanghainese cuisine, I would only recommend coming here for XLB. 

This place also has a variety of Cantonese dim sum and Sichuan dishes to choose from, but I haven't tried them.
One of my favorite Asian spots near Penn's campus - definitely a staple during my college time. Come here for good dim sum and lots of options!

Pros/Recs:
- My favorite dim sum dish is the crystal shrimp dumplings!
- Out of the entrees their mapo tofu is liked by a lot of my friends and I
- For cocktails, I'd recommend shapeless like water or kirby's dream (if you want something creamier)
- Open late (until 2am) -- serves drinks too 

Tips:
- I find it more worth and a better experience when I go the full dim sum route as opposed to looking a lot at their larger, more entree style dishes
- Lunch special is worth it!
- Check out their happy hour, it's underrated! Certain dim sum dishes and drinks are discounted
I've been here several times over the last 1.5 months. The food is great, especially the spicy soup dumplings, crispy duck, and the bean curd and edamame. I also very much like the decor and the service is usually pretty good.  

I guess a bit more expensive than Chinatown restaurants, but for me that's OK since it's much cheaper for me to come here than travel to Chinatown. I also think that the food here is as good or is better than many of the restaurants in Chinatown, and so it's nice to have a place like this close to my home.

Definitely recommend.
This is a good spot if you are just looking for some standard Asian cuisine. They have a big focus on dim sum of course, but an interesting dish to try is their soup dumplings. Literally a dumpling filled with soup, kind of difficult to eat, but a cool experience nonetheless. 

Their menu is enormous, so that is nice - if you want options or want to try multiple dishes, easy to do that here.

Service was nice and friendly - and very helpful with the big menu.
Pork soup dumplings were good. The person who gave me my order wasn't wearing a mask.
This is my new favorite for sure (as I am eating my left overs writing this). I am a dumpling freak, so when I was looking for a late night dim sum place to head to around midnight, Dim Sum House, answered our prayers. They had an eccentric drink menu provided by the bartender Nikolas, he guided us through why he made each drink and what they were named after. They had typical Philly inspired brews and a long wine list, and if you're in for something different order the Sake! 

We started out with three rounds of dumplings: the chicken, pork and crap soup, and spicy shrimp. The chicken and the soup dumplings were laid out nicely when we were presented with them and were our favorites. The spicy shrimp we later found out is rolled in chili oil and lights a fire in your mouth for about 10 minutes. We both enjoyed it. 

Our conversation with the bartender, employees, and overall atmosphere was wonderful and will be the reason we come back. If you have a chance, stop here for some awesome dumps made with love.
Wow. 

This restaurant is a place everyone should check out. 

The atmosphere: The restaurant is huge. There were two main areas for patrons to eat, a bar, and private rooms along a hallway. The decor was chic and modern with many fantastic pieces of East Asian artwork. 

The food: I mostly had the dim sum and ordered the green beans so I will only comment on those. All I can say is wow. The variety of the dim sum cuisine was great! If you only have been exposed to one kind of dim sum restaurant and dishes, this place has you covered for taking your mouth on a culinary journey! Every morsel of food was hot, fresh and was able to carry its own despite the various dishes on my table. My absolute favorite was the pumpkin tart. You are given 4 adorable coquette style dishes and the red bean inside the soft yet crunchy pumpkin exterior was delicious! I would highly recommend them and the beef scallion pancake! Basically everything. Try the whole menu if you can!

The price: Since this place serves both dim sum dishes and regular dishes, you can cater your food according to how much you are willing to spend. 

Did I say wow yet? Because wow.
This is definitely on the pricier side.... about $10-11 per dish. I think that was the main downside. The actual food was edible. The dumpling skin on my vegetable dumpling was super hard and tough. The xiao long bao was really large? Didn't love the seasoning and the meat was a weird texture. A little on the salty side. Was definitely not my favorite dim sum. 

you can do better. Go to Chinatown.
Just an update because this time I went with a group on 10 people! Sadly with groups this large it served they could only find two round tables to seat us. The have awesome circular booths but it looks like those max it around 7-8 ppl. 

Also, both times I've come we have had to ask for our waiter and for tea and water, but one they show up the staff is wonderful just a little late. 

We went family style for food and ended up only spending around $10/person so I thigh that was pretty economical. The scallion pancakes and kung bao chicken were again a hit!! We also tried the dan dan noodles which were fine but sadly not up to Han standards. They are cheaper here though. We also had regular soup dumplings which were pleasantly warm rather than the scalding at some restaurants lol. Lastly we got the double cooked pork aka glorified bacon which was savory!
As of late January, Dim Sum House has opened limited capacity in person dining which has been amazing to escape the cold! I went with a group of 5 and ordered the below and we were all contently full for $13 each after splitting the check! The food and service was all amazing and getting variety throughout the dim sum meal kept us on our toes! Some standouts I would definitely recommend getting were the beef scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles, and the egg tarts. Also the in house chili oil was delicious and I found myself dipping everything in it, and they were even kind enough to give us some little containers of it to take home!
Tldr: Awesome Dim sum restaurant that is a great new addition to an increasing university city dining scene! 

Food! Cause its the most important: We ordered king bao chicken, scallion pancakes and pan fried soup dumplings. The portion of the kung bao chicken was great. The taste didbt deviate much from what you would expect from a universal Americanized dish. I would say it was more savory than it's counterpart at han dynasty. The scallion pancakes were awesome! Crispy on the outside bit soft and a little chewy on the inside. I would definitely recommend it. The dumplings were great in my opinion, but I did notice there seemed to be less soup and coating in these compared to ones I've had at dim sum garden but you get more pork and I'm all about that!

Menu: they have a traditional and cantonese dim sum portion as well as entrees and americanized dishes in the second page.

Environment: the restaurant is located on the second for and had a really really large dining area. It seems like it would be a great place to take a larger group of people.

Staff: the servers and staff were extremely kind and cordial, but it did take them a while to bring over tea, take our order and I had to ask if I wanted my water refilled =/
I had such high expectations for this place and such a let down that it was so mediocre.

Most of our dumplings were cold and not hot, we asked them to heat it up. I know they microwaved it, looked all shriveled up.

The beef chow fun was probably the best dish I had here so I'd definitely recommend that.

The pork belly was soggy and very salty. Definitely regret ordering it
Pork Soup Dumplings - 7/10
Shanghai Sticky Rice Siu Mai - 4/10 
Shrimp & Chive Dumplings - 10/10
Hot & Sour Soup - 8/10
Dan Dan Noodles - 8/10
The food was delicious and authentic. The service was great. I look forward to visiting again.
My girlfriend and I both go to school in University City and love dim sum, so checking out Dim Sum House was a necessity. The restaurant was fairly busy, but with a reservation we were able to be seated in about 5 minutes. A pot of tea is served before the food. We shared the tasty dan dan noodles, the Shanghai sticky rice siu mai, which did not have much flavor, and the steamed pork soup dumplings, which were very flavorful. It's tough to match the amazing Dim Sum Garden soup dumplings but these come close. Overall, Dim Sum House is a very enjoyable experience. Good food, tasteful decor and use of space, and a nice bar with creative drinks. We'll be back soon.
I have been to Dim Sum House a couple of times already and it's always very constant in their flavor, the quality and their service. All the plates I've ordered have always been very good and tasty. I would recommend the pecking duck with bao buns, the green beans (they are outstanding) and a varied selection of the dim sum options. I have also tried the fried rice and the pad Thai and those were also really good. 

I have not tried their cocktails but I hear they are good, but I have tried their beer which I would definitely recommend. 

They also have lunch specials which are very good deals if you are interested in that, but if you go with enough people (about 4-5) you can order from the regular menu and have a nice feast as well. 

The service is very quick especially if you are in a rush, but they are not rushing to to leave it's just very good service. 

I always also have food for left overs the next day.

I am also a fan of Jane Gs and they are very similar in their options, if you are looking for a similar dining experience to Jane Gs in university city this is definitely the place to go.
Had a terrible experience at this dim sum. Went with high expectations, as someone who frequents Chinatown, however left feeling physically ill. The soup dumplings contained questionable meat that turned my stomach, and the dan dan noodles (which were pushed as their signature dish) felt like I was eating rice noodles heated in low quality store brand peanut butter. Needless to say I will not be returning, and was very surprised at the praise from the other reviewers.
This place pissed me the hell off. I came here late at night with my partner to try what late night dimsum looks like in Philly. I arrived at 11pm, stood around for 10 minutes looking for a host/hostess/server to seat me or even acknowledge that there was a customer waiting. They weren't packed and had about 5 people on the floor serving only the front half of the restaurant since the back is closed. I noticed that 2-3 servers were hanging out behind the bar, 1 chatting with a customer and ignoring me after making eye contact with me, 2 of them just chatting with each other. I awkwardly walk in after that and just approach the bar and ask if I can be seated or if anyone is even working.
There were a few tables of people and from what it seems like, people were waiting a long time to get service (waiting for bill, their change, their cards back, their food) and tables were dirty filled with used plates wayyy after the customers have left. 
After I FINALLY got seated, I waited over 20 minutes for a server to come take my order... and they still didn't come. I wanted to leave but my partner wanted to stay and give them another chance... so he went up to the bar to just place an order there but they said the server will be with us shortly... (mhmmmm, yeah sure). Mind you, not all servers were busy with other customers, they were just chilling. So anyway, a server eventually comes and we place an order for the spicy soup dumplings, shumai, and shrimp dumplings, along with some other not so memorable dishes. While we waited for our food, we went to play a few rounds of billiards at the table they had until our food came over 25 minutes later. Yay, we finally got our food but where is my water... never came, so of course.. it seems like counter service at this point (why am I even paying tips, yes they need to make a living, but I also don't want to pay to be ignored). 

Now let's talk about the food. 
Spicy soup dumpling is exactly what it sounds like. It was the spiciest soup dumpling I have ever had. I couldn't even eat more than 2 because my stomach started burning. The soup dumpling contained chili oil and pepper flakes inside the dumpling. I can tolerate spicy food but this felt like a food challenge to me. I wish I could have enjoyed my food with what I thought would be a mild tingle and a kick. I didn't know philly ppl can handle their spice like that.. damn.
The shumai and shrimp dumpling are ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE! I only ordered them because I saw that it looked food at the other table and it was huge. I bit into the food and holy shit.. there were POCKETS OF FLOUR/CORNSTARCH!! no wonder their dumplings were huge, they put a lot of "fillers" in there. It is normal for dimsum to contain cornstarch to bind the food but if you are going to do that, make sure the chef actually mixes the meat and everything together better so your customer isn't eating playdoh. The shrimp was also hard to chew through, i wonder if it was even cooked. I just put my chopsticks down and was DONEE with this place. 

I 100% will never return here after this horrific experience.

The only plus side of this place is the decor, which is beautiful, and that it is serving it's population of folks that didn't grow up eating dim sum. but seriously this place is ripping people off... you are NOT supposed to be eating chunks of cornstarch in your food ppl!!
Hey, this place definitely fills a hole in this neighborhood, and it does so remarkably well. The location is great for the nearby campuses, and the decor is nicely done. 

I thought the food was better (more authentic) than other Chinese restaurants in the area, notably Han Dynasty, which some consider as "authentic" Chinese. Still, the dishes here was modified for American taste being a bit sweeter than expected.

I was impressed by their beer selection even though we didn't try any. There were some interesting craft beers on there, especially the large format ones. As for their prices, I thought they were pretty fair, too. 

Also, it is clearly still a work in progress however as there was some loud drilling going on when we eating our meal!
This place is literally, yes literally, right next to my boyfriend's apartment. Two steps and we are there. We randomly went when we heard it opened and were completely blown away.

The venue is really nice and my boyfriend's eyes lit up seeing a pool table (which we ended up staying and playing a few rounds with some drinks).

Sat down and because we eat dim sum way too much, we knew the staples of what we wanted, and then some. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, Crab + Pork Soup Dumplings, Shrimp Siu Mai, Crystal Shrimp/Shrimp Dumplings, and Egg Custard Buns. Those are pretty much our absolute favorite things to eat whenever we go for dim sum! All were absolutely superb and very fresh. It is a little more pricey, but the labor and quality makes it worth it. (I've never been one to question prices in a reasonable circumstance because there is a longer cultural and economic explanation behind it.)

The service was fast and efficient, and the staff were very friendly, especially since this was their soft opening. Our waiter made sure we had refills and to check back in with us every now and then! I ordered an Amaretto Sour, but they didn't have the Amaretto yet, so settled on some beer. The boyfriend will drink Sapporo whenever he gets the chance!

There isn't much else to elaborate on, it's a new gem in Old City and I at least don't need to trek out for dim sum as much if I'm feeling lazy! We're already planning on frequenting here in the future.
This was my 4th visit to Dim Sum. The food is actually good, but i wont' be back. It is infested with mice and the staff doesn't care! While I was eating lunch with my co-workers/friends a mother-effing mouse crawled from the top of the booth onto my shoulder!!! I literally jumped out of my shoes and onto the floor! The response from the staff was minimal. I'm calling the Health Department ASAP and writing the owner, Jackson Fu! Absolutely Disgusting! I dry heaved twice. They're lucky i didn't throw up on the pool table! There would have been a chain reaction in the restaurant. If a mouse comes out during the lunch hour in a full restaurant, the place must be infested.
My second experience here was much better than my first! I went with a bunch of my coworkers and ordered an array of dim sum along with a couple of traditional dishes. We ordered a bunch of soup dumplings which were very good, as well as turnip cakes, the spicy shrimp dumpling, the chive and pork dumpling, garlic sauce eggplant, a pork and greens dish, etc. Everything was quite good and the service was great. The food came out quickly and the atmosphere was very welcoming.
Dim Sum House absolutely killed it. At 10 pm on a Sunday, we weren't expecting to find much but this place hit the spot. We got there for the "Late Night" menu, which surprisingly had a lot to offer. The dishes we chose were the Pork Soup Dumplings, Curry Chicken Dumplings, Shrimp Sui Mai, and Dan Dan noodles. Even late at night, everything was absolutely delicious. They're really bringing their A game to the food scene on this side of the city.

The restaurant seems pretty modern and nicely laid out. It even has a pool table! The bar seemed to be lacking in beer options but they seemed to offer a decent wine and cocktail menu. The food was moderately priced compared to similar Chinatown restaurant but it definitely speaks to the quality. 

With the quality of their late night menu, I'm excited to come back and try their dinner menu.  The fact that they're open late and serving A+ food is a huge plus for me.
I've been here twice now, and I have really enjoyed the food both times. We ordered some dim sum as well as a few larger sides (green beans and chicken lo mein). All of the food was very good, especially the soup dumplings! We also really appreciated that the menu had so many pictures so we knew exactly what we were ordering. The price is also reasonable. Our service both times has been average. During our last meal, the waiter attempted to memorize the order and ended up missing a drink. I think if you do not plan on writing down the order, you need to make sure you get everything exactly right. Otherwise, you are just trying to show off and then disappointing your customers. I recommend that they stick to writing down the orders. Overall, a good place for some dim sum!
Kung pow is the best I've ever had here and even if you don't finish it the staff will box it up for you! Great bartending staff
We went to this place for dinner on a whim.  It was a really good whim!  The food was good overall, and the service was really attentive.  The place also presented as really classy, especially for a dim sum restaurant.  The layout of the place is odd, but it looks like they have a lot of tables overall.  There is a bar and a pool table.  No one was playing pool while we were there, but I could have imagined that we would have been annoyed by people playing pool even moderately loudly.

You have to try the Beef Scallion Pancake.  It is like a big scallion pancake with delicious beef (and some kind of sweet sauce, and maybe leeks?) rolled up like a burrito.  It was quite big, like the rest of the dim sum we tried.  The pork buns were good on the bun part, but I didn't love the filling (it was kind of gelatinous).  The pork soup dumplings were good and were quite similar to the pork soup dumplings as Dim Sum Garden in Chinatown.  

One issue: the water glasses were too small.  This may sound like an odd complaint, but I'd say it was a real issue.  I was thirsty, and I felt like I was getting to know the water-fillers well.  

I will definitely be back!
My first dining experience was marred by a service issue (waiter forgot to put in our orders) granted we came on opening weekend. But a legit dimsum place with good food I cannot pass on. I need dimsum. I miss good dimsum so I came a second time and this time with some newly made friends and we had a blast. The waiter we had was the right level of sarcasm/trollin that we love and vibe with and plus he got our orders in and was just doing his job well and with care. Much appreciated! And there's a pool table! which is a nice touch to a night out. Thank you Jackson for giving us a reason to come back because we had lots of fun and most importantly the dimsum is delicious.
It's a good place to go, good food, professional service, and they do have something for you, if you're a Chinese food fan.  Try their snacks- dim sum( both Shanghai style and Cantonese style are authentic and delicious) .
I went the place with my friend, we tried their vegetable buns ( actually I will say the name should be steamed vege dumplings in China ) , soup dumplings- steamed meat buns ( xiao long bao). Fantastic 
吃了好多。 小笼包还不错， 蔬菜蒸饺也不错 都是新鲜做的， 葱油饼有点薄， 酸辣汤喝不出什么感觉，只是里面豆腐蛮多的。榴莲酥是亮点。虽然一开始没搞懂为什么茶点里把上海的东西加进去，菜单仔细一看就是普通中国早点的葱油饼 蒸饺 煎包这种都归类上海茶点了，有点强词夺理的意思......价格实惠 东西新鲜 给好评了。
Okay food, nice bar atmosphere, comfortable dining. I thought the Mapo Tofu was too bland and plain. The chicken dry pot had too high of a ratio of vegetables to meat. They cater more to the university city demographic, meaning higher prices and "Americanized" presentation. Happy Hour is 5-7pm Mon-Fri and shaves about ~$1.50 off regular prices. Drinks menu looks interesting, but I didn't get to try any this time around.

Highlight of the night was the durian cakes. So crispy, buttery, creamy!
When Dim Sum House first opened, I came here every week. I've had a lot of dim sum in my life and I have to say that this place has the best Pork Soup Dumplings I've ever had. Even beats the ones from Shanghai. Their soup stock is just perfectly seasoned and savory. You have to get it when you come here! You seriously won't regret it. 

I've tried every dim sum dish they have here and other stand out dishes include: Shrimp Siu Mai, Crystal Shrimp Dumplings, Shrimp Stuffed Eggplant, Pan Fried Pork Soup Dumplings, Scallion Pancake (both regular and with beef), Pumpkin Tart and Egg Custard Bun. 

This place does tend to get busy on the weekends so their service might get really slow but their food is totally worth the wait! 

Another thing I love about Dim Sum House is that they're open super late so if you're looking for a midnight meal, this is the place to go. I've came here late, right before the kitchen closes and they still let me order a pretty large meal with my friends.
3 stars. Why?

Service was pretty slow and sporadic. The place was not full. Also we called ahead to ask about where we were able to park or what the parking rules were and she was clueless. 

Food was mixed reviews for me. The dim sum and wonton soup where fantastic. We ordered the canton noodle lobster and noodles it came with tasted fresh and "doughy" and has a tasty scallion sauce that was very garlicky. The lobster was overcooked and chewy but the noodles made it better. 

We ordered the sizzling platter and it was in was very disappointing. The meat had tons of fat and was also very chewy. In some instances, I chewed out the flavor and had to discreetly spit out the meat since it wouldn't break down. We left that alone. The flavor was there, the execution was a big miss. 

The dumplings, dim sum and wonton soup were incredibly tasty. The dough was thin and moist and a delight to bite into. The wonton soup had bok choy and seaweed and was very filling and the broth was delicate. I didn't taste msg or mega sodium. 

Overall, this is def. a college kid favorite. Not the most authentic in my opinion for actually chinese entrees. I feel like they might have less experienced line cooks which is why the flavor was good, but the proteins were a miss.
It's always fun scoping out a new restaurant when you're passing through the hood.

I was coming down on Chestnut from the west side of the city and my honey was looking up best foods in the area on Yelp and Dum Sun house by Jane G's came up with stellar reviews and luck would have it,  found parking around the corner,  and they're still following Covid related precautions and they had a table for us.

We were greeted table was cleaned we were shown to our table provided with paper menu and our server Julia came over to greet us and help us get started.

Upon reviewing the menu and actually use the QR code to check out the larger restaurant menu we got a plan of action in place and start off by ordering the shrimp shumai oh my goodness they were so tasty had a really nice texture so we knew we were off to a good start and we decided to slow down the tempo a little enjoy since it was early afternoon.

Next we asked to have brought out the Pork soup dumplings,  it was very interesting that each dumpling is served in a small round tin while in the steamer basket.  Have never seen that before, usually on some sort of wax paper in the steamer basket but nonetheless my goodness they were tasty with a nice little shot of broth as soon as we punctured it with our chopsticks.

Next we ordered the soy brussels sprouts and the beef scallion pancakes at this point my wife decided it was time for a glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  I'm definitely enjoy the brussels sprouts and a nice deep grill look to them of the sauce that they were engaged a nice Tangy flavor. Not exactly my wife's favorite, but quite frankly I thought they were very good and I finished it.  

The surprise of the meal was definitely the beef scallion pancakes had no idea what to expect and boy were they moist and a great flavor sauce was on them the pancake was more like a wrap if you will and again he was licking our fingers after every bite.

To close out our awesome experience we ordered the egg tart and they had to be made fresh and takes a little while so since the place was empty and they had a pool table on the floor my wife and I decided to go break a set and pay a round.  we returned to our table to enjoy our egg tart desserts.

See our food pics.
Don't blame me if you salivate on your smart phone.
I am so disappointed! We decided to try this place out because the reviews for this place was top notch and everyone was raving about it... welp, everything we ordered lacked flavor/seasoning. The only thing we really liked was the chili oil wontons and garlic pea leaves. We asked for some soy sauce and our waitress gave us one to share.....what?!?! I don't want to dip in someone else's dipping sauce. Typically the whole table gets their own sauce, so they can add chili etc. to it. Never have I ever had to share one. We wanted to love it, but we won't be trying at this location again. Maybe, we will try the other location.
So good! For a place not in Chinatown, I was very pleasantly surprised! The fried turnip cakes and beef scallion pancakes are perfectly crispy. The long hot style pork was very tender and tasty he perfect spice level. Service was quick, and the decor was clean and modern. As a plus, I was also a huge fan of the house tea!
This is one of my favorite spots in University City. When I first went to Dim Sum House, I had never before tried soup dumplings. Since then, I have tried them at a couple places, including one in New York's China Town, and I find the offerings at Dim Sum House to be comparable. You can find different meats in the dumplings and dim sum and there are plenty of vegetarian offerings as well. Great place to go with a group as most of the dishes are better shared. Popular with college students, and there's a live band on some nights. Not a fan of the whole fish dishes. The tastes OK, but I will not reorder those dishes. I also find it strange that many similar restaurants keep their fish aquariums in plain sight... it's fresh alright :)
I still think about their dim sum... the texture and taste were all spot-on. I've had xiao long bao from Din Tai Fung (Michelin-rated) and this place gives them a run for their money. Their xiao long bao has a really nice ginger taste to the broth that I haven't experienced elsewhere. Dim Sum House is not your traditional a la carte dim sum place- it has a modern feel and is menu order only. Fortunately the menu has nice pictures of every dish!
Came here for dindin with my lover one night and ordered the soup dumplings, mapo tofu, har gaw, and scallion pancakes. Food was okay. Price was okay too - a few dollars/cents more than what it would cost in chinatown. The establishment has "americanized" these traditional dishes in a way. Quality is up to par but something in the back of my tonsils tells me that the chefs are most likely not chinese/asian. 

How do I know? I can just taste it ...
Difinitely over-rated place. I knew the place is crowded, so I call to order take out, waiter told me to pick up in 20 minutes. When I get there, I should get my order ready, however, they have me waited for another 40 minutes! Every time I asked the waiter/waitress if mine is ready, they just say they will check, and never get back to you. Until I told them it is about an hour after I called to order, I want refund and leave, waitress immediately bring the food from kitchen. Which probably means they previously told me they will check at the kitchen, they actually DID NOT!
Food is over-priced.
WORST PLACE EVER!!

If you have a lot of time and money to waste, this is ur choice.
Went the other night.. ordered five different dumplings and weren't even given any sauce for ANY of them... also the Chinese pancake with beef had more scallions than beef... WILL NOT BE BACK!
Food was really good. Service.. Sucked. Kevin was the worst ever. We had to ask to order, he brought my beer over unopened, ( not that I can't open it myself, but isn't there a rule about serving cans of beer like that?) didn't deliver our food, and never checked on us. Other staff was pretty friendly. But not our server..
They usually are on the busy side during Sunday afternoons, which is when I've attempted to get a table there. The first time I tried, my party didn't want to wait. The second time around, we waited for probably around half an hour just sitting at the bar area. In contrast to your traditional dim sum restaurants (steamy and bustling), this place has quite a refined design and was well kept. They even had a pool table! The dim sum here is a bit more on the expensive side but the quality was rather worth it. Some of the notable dishes were their beef shumai (they were proportionally much larger than the ones I'm used to), beef scallion pancake, turnip cake (very crispy on the outside with a smooth textured interior), and sticky rice (packed with savory flavors). The other dishes we had ordered were also very solid. I enjoyed my experience here and would love to come again on occasion!
Bomb dim sum spot located right in the heart of U Penn. You'll find plenty of Chinese decor and traditional furniture here. I came here with some friends and we were seated really quickly. We ordered pork soup dumplings, crab & pork soup dumplings, extra spicy soup dumplings, pan fried soup dumplings, edamame dumings, beef scallion pancake, pork & shrimp siu mai, shrimp cheung fun har gow and chicken feet. We ordered around 2 rounds of each dish it was plenty for our party of 8. The siu mai we had were huge and they stuff it with plenty of meat. The beef scallion pancake is a must order. Very little grease and plenty of meat as well. Highly recommend ordering the spicy soup dumplings first as they do pack some heat. Then go to the regular soup dumplings and to the fried stuff. Dim sum here was on point. Definitely high quality ingredients and strong flavor. 

My friends really enjoyed our food and service here. This location is kept clean and the staff is really friendly. Street parking is really easy to find. Some may feel that price wise this spot is a little high. But, I'd rather pay more for 0 wait time, better quality dim sum and spacious seating. We'll definitely be back to try their other dim sum dishes
This is not a 'traditional' dimsum that I was used to but regardless I had an amazing time eating here. The restaurant is so gorgeous and they offer a wide variety of foods and drinks. We ordered chicken feet, pork shumai, pork bun, eggplant, soup dumplings, and egg tarts. For drinks, we got the vietnamese coffee and some jasmine tea. My standards are not high when it comes to dimsum (haha) but I enjoyed the collagenous goodness of the chicken feet and the nice and fluffy egg tarts to finish my meal. Eggplant is an unlikely choice whenever I have dimsum but that did not disappoint. Everything else tasted nice.

Our server for that day was nice! I like that they take reservations.
