XLB, Xiao Long Bao was the main reason I chose this restaurant for dinner one night while in town. It was cold that evening and I wanted to eat that soup dumping and a few other dim sum dishes.

While they may not be the best XLB but they were pretty good. 

My other favorite dish was garlic snow pea leaves.   I could just have this green and white rice, and be happy. 豆苗 is my favorite leafy green and I memorized Chinese characters so I know to always spot this dish wherever I go at a Chinese restaurant around the world. 

Be sure to leave room fit desert as they have egg tarts on their dim sum menu. Actually we got so full, we took these egg tarts back to the hotel.  Naturally I ate both of them 2 hours later. Of that really completed my night. Good egg tarts finish my day right.

Reasonable price for the volume of food in each dish.  

Great friendly service. I loved the clean and nice decor inside too.

I would come back if I lived in the area
I've found my new Chinese takeout/delivery spot! We decided to try Dim Sum House the night before Christmas Eve, when we were in the thick of gift wrapping and recipe making. I was looking for comfort food and received it in abundance. 

We started with scallion pancakes (always a must) and pork soup dumplings. The scallion pancakes were perfect. Sadly, the soup dumplings were oddly placed at the bottom of the bag in a styrofoam container, which resulted in most of the dumplings arriving crushed, as pictured. However, each dumpling was in its own tiny container, so the dumplings were still somewhat intact, if less soupy than desired. 

Our entrees were general tso's and dry pepper chicken. Both were generous portions and each dish was great. My only complaint with the entrees is that we received only one side of white rice, when we definitely could have used two. 

Overall, the food was delicious and we were happy despite the small flaws. Definitely ordering from Dim Sum House again next time I have a Chinese food craving!
How have I never reviewed this wonderful place? First off, they have a terrific sips menu - their scallion pancakes are the best I've ever had, and they're only $5 during sips. They also have a great drink called shapeless like water during sips too.

As for regular Jane G's, I have nothing bad to say, aside from the fact that the service can be slow sometimes when it's busy, but that's because it's a large restaurant. The waiters are usually very attentive with filling up the water glasses.

The general tso's chicken is THE best I've ever had. It contains candied walnuts as well. My favorite is the mango style shrimp - it comes with huge slices of mangoes and red and green bell peppers. The black bean sauce is also a go to for me. Finally, their vegetable tofu soup can probably cure anything because it's so good - I always get it when I have a cold and am congested, and the mild but powerful spice of the clear broth clears my sinuses. I love this place.
Those who look at my other reviews will see that I can be pretty critical. I worked in the restaurant biz for years and I am a stickler for details. I'll also rate to expectations and style. So a high end restaurant that costs $150 a head is not going to get the same treatment as a place that costs a third of that. 
So first, I suspect that Jane G's is not going to last long which makes me very very sad. I have lived in Philadelphia for almost two decades now and while I love this city, it's belief in itself as a major food destination is badly exaggerated. The population (as most cities in the US) is just not ready for real food and/or doesn't recognize it. All you have to do is look at the places that get highly rated. Whether or not Jane G's gets the clientelle it deserves will say a lot about the food culture of this city. I hope it thrives.

So the space is kind of funny. It's sort of Hong Kong circa 1991 with a lot of pretty kitchy touches such as the overly soft white naugahyde chairs and directed lighting. And to get such details out of the way, the service is bright and breezy and all in all very good. 

But I care about the food and here is where it gets interesting. This is REAL AUTHENTIC Szechuan food. In Center City! In Seriously, like not tamed or adapted to American palates. And anybody comparing this to P.F Changs (an abomination of Asian Fusion--which is, based on the reviews, what this place used to be) is being ridiculous. In a similar vein, the comparison to Han Dynasty might have held a few years back but is clearly (to my mind) not written by someone who has been there recently. The place has dropped off the face of the earth in terms of quality, service, etc. And it's not in Center City.

In Center City, ingredients such as pork intestine, tripe, beef tendon are going to chase people away. And others are going to order such vile concoctions as the honey walnut shrimp: if you order it then you deserve it. Seriously: honey? Walnuts? Shrimp? All in the same dish? Together? At the same time? 

So moral of the story, don't order anything that's not in the Szechuan part of the menu. These means that if you can't stand spice, you should probably stay away. That being noted, one of the things that makes it interesting is that the heat is not so much derived from hot peppers (the food is really not that "capsicum" hot but is Szechuan peppercorn hot. Szechuan peppercorn (not a real peppercorn) has a kind of numbing effect on the palate, and the heat feels almost like camphor in the mouth. It sort of grows as the meal goes on: sort of a building food-buzz that is just plain unique. And the tastes that along with it are absolutely fantastic. The beef lover's quarrel, the pork intestine, oh, and one exception to the Szechuan only rule: tea smoked duck is absolutely fabulous. 

Now note that this is not high art. This is simply some of the most comforting, satisfying food I've had in a very long time. I came upon this restaurant by accident with my wife a month or so ago and have returned with a foodie cohort of friends from out of town and both times have been simply amazing.  Both times I came away with a big grin on my face which simply doesn't happen often enough when I dine out. So go. Prove me wrong Philly. Keep this place in business.
Eureka, I found the cure for day drinking: Dim Sum. My preference is to stick to the dumplings. They get my head right for the journey home every time. 
Service - attentive and helpful with menu questions. 
Taste - Have you seen Kung Fu Panda?! I might do very dirty things to get the last soup dumpling. 
It is in pricey Rittenhouse but I don't recall the bill so it must have been okay too. 
Also if you're not a fan of eating outside on a high traffic street with buses & noise, there's plenty of room inside.
Thursday late lunch in Center City and I found free parking......In Philly finding free parking is like discovering a pearl in your Oyster shooter and a forgotten winning lottery ticket in a old pair of jeans...... Okay a stretch but you get my drift.

Jane G is a airy, modern and comfortable venue for all things Szechuan and a late lunch found us in a nearly empty restaurant which was surprising especially on such a fine spring day....

Appetizers were pork dumplings in chili oil. Smooth, sultry and spicy, this was a fine start to an excellent meal. The dumplings was fat and delicious with the sauce accentuating the garlic and ginger tinged pork filling. Two more of these and I'll leave satisfied.

Next was the hand pulled noodles with pork in a Szechuan pepper sauce. Savory and numbing but so satisfying these noodles appears unassuming until mixed with all the pepper corns coming to the top... A habit forming dish.

For the mains we ordered the Mapo Tofu. A bowl of spicy, fragrant silken tofu in a thick and amazingly complex sauce. I make this favorite at home but can't even hope to emulate the complexity of flavors in this iconic dish.

The wok fried whole fish was next in a sweet and sour sauce and the fish was sectioned in a manner which made it possible for the maximum amount of crispy and delicious surfaces to shine. Very
fresh and seasoned well this was a beautifully executed dish that was edible from head to tail.

We really enjoyed our meal and in retrospect wished we had explored the menu further as it holds some very intriguing choices....the pig's feet and frogs being just a few.

Jane G is a find and a surprisingly great value considering it's authenticity, good service, cool dining room,excellent menu and prime location in center city. We will be back.
Jane G's is a fantastic addition to a struggling block in Rittenhouse Square.  Maybe it's due to the oddly shaped surface parking lot that creates an awkward divide, or the pending construction of a mid-rise luxury apt building on 19th (and the 3 vacant storefronts awaiting demolition), but the south side of the 1900 block of Chestnut has been dealt it's fair share of blows.  Thankfully, Jane G's holds down the corner of 20th & Chestnut, and provides the neighborhood (west of Broad, east of the Schuylkill) with some much needed heat.

Jane G's mapo tofu (vegetarian) is a delicious dish.  Compared to Han Dynasty, Jane G's spice level is slightly less painful, but all together packed with flavor and heat.  I recommend going all in with a 4-5 spice level.  Initially the $12 price tag seemed a little steep until I saw the portion size.  My mapo tofu was easily stretched into two additional meals (reheated with mung bean noodles, mmmm).

My better half sticks to the Sichuan style entrees, fluctuating between the perfume and long hot style dishes.  He has less of a mouth for fire, and sticks with a 2-3* spice level.  

Jane G's is great for dining in -- date night or large group outings both work in the spacious interior -- or for delivery when we're feeling lazy.  (While American Express is accepted for dine-in visits, it is not accepted for delivery.)

*Review update!  My beau has informed me he chooses a spice level 1 or 2 when getting the dry pot style chicken... wuss ;P
I came to Dim Sum House on a Saturday afternoon. We had a huge group of us so luckily we came as soon as they opened and were able to grab two tables. 

The menu here is huge.... yet they had the major dim sum staple unavailable.... the Shrimp Cheung Fun (Rice Rolls)!!! Our entire group was disappointed and confused with why it was unavailable since they just opened? The dim sum here isn't amazing and it isn't horrible... if you happen to be craving dim sum and are in the area I would recommend, but I wouldn't go out of my way in the future to return here.

Here are the best of the dishes I enjoyed here:
- Chili Oil Wontons
- Dan Dan Noodles
- Shrimp & Chive Dumpling 

Overall, staff were friendly and food came out as requested. I was disappointed in the menu selection and overall quality after looking at the hyped Yelp reviews.
Visited Jane G's again for dinner on a Wednesday night. I must say, I was a little disappointed. There weren't too many diners that evening, and although the staff were friendly, we just felt insanely rushed all throughout dinner. 

Our server came to the table immediately after the hostess seated us. Waters were brought out. We ordered 4 appetizers: Roti Canai, Beef Skewers, Popcorn Rock Shrimp, and the Duck Springrolls. The food was fine, but what really bothered us was the fact that while we were still working on the appetizers, our server came and changed our plate (while we were chewing) in preparation for the entrees. He even left us new utensils off on the side of the table - just sort of topped one over the other. 

With the little table real estate that we had, he then proceeded to bring out the entrees. (And we were STILL just working on the appetizers!) I don't know why he couldn't have waited just a few more minutes, cleared the table properly, and THEN brought out the entrees... 

Dinner came out to be a bit more than we had expected - definitely pricier than when I had visited previously. Overall not bad, but some work needs to be done with the service from the waitstaff.
Similar to Dan Dan or Han Dynasty in flavor and price. Jane G's Yummy for the most part with one dish that deviated.

The SO and I ordered from here when he was moving out. We got two appetizers and two entrees, which lasted us for two dinners and two lunches (the soft tofu fish fillets last forever). 

---Chili oil wontons: not good at all. There was way yoo much chili oil and the wonton filling was an oddly mushy pork that didn't taste like pork. There was also a sweet sauce on top which didn't mix well with the chili wontons
---dan dan noodles: good and very standard for dan dan noodles
---dry pepper chicken: crispy, spicy, and overall very flavorful
---soft tofu fish fillets: I can't remember the spice level I ordered, but it was EXTREMELY spicy. The tofu was silken and cut the spice well, and the fish was tender and soaked up the spice. The soybeans were a nice crunchy addition!
So overpriced and bland. Duck dumplings could have been filled with anything, duck was not distinctive. We had a beef dish that was tender but not special at all. The waitstaff was nice but clueless. Serves me right for trying to get Chinese food outside of Chinatown.
Jane G: you seem like a great gal, but I'm not sold on you.

 I think you should try to be what you really are: a solid Szechuan restaurant with swanky interior, but don't try to show off by serving the same food as PF Chang's and calling it original.. Don't get me wrong, I like you enough to stop by from time to time, but not quite enough to commit. Thanks for the good times.
Not my fave. I ask for just noodles for my daughter. I said please charge me full price for an entree if you must, I just want plain noodles. They said no. This is the most un accommodating service industry business I have ever come across. there are also cleanliness issues that prevent me from ever going back. 

The food is decent though. Better than typical Americanized Chinese.
This is the lowest I ever rated anything on Yelp before, so I feel hesitant. But I am actually bewildered at how bad the service experience was today while 'attempting' to have lunch.

I've read great reviews about the food and heard the service was iffy, which normally I care nothing about. And honestly, I am not one to ever complain about service either. we got our appetizer, it was good BUT I was at this restaurant for over an hour and never received my entree....yet everyone else around me seemed to have zero problems with getting theirs. Mind you its chinese food....which does not take that long to cook either. 

I said something to a random waiter, because random people just walk around handing things out and taking plates (which is fine, if they all communicated and had some sort of organization). - back to my point. We told the waiter we never received our entree about 35 minutes into waiting, he didn't seem phased. We basically said just pack it to go because we wont have time to eat it. 

20 minutes later someone comes over with our food in one bag. Which we had to separate, just add that to the list. I'm honestly upset we paid $43 to sit in a restaurant and bring food back to  my office....which I still have not had a chance to eat. 

TIP: Please have your staff improve their communication skills with each other. If there was organization we would not have been forgotten....but thanks to your un-organized staff you gave us our entrees "to-go" twice...totally on accident and not because you felt bad either.

P.S. a large party of 6 came in after me and my friend, sat directly next to us (practically on us), ACTUALLY got their food....and ate it, and left...all before we got ours "to go."

Nothing like this has ever happened to me before either, so I honestly did not even know how to react. NEVER AGAIN JANE G'S.
The food was amazing! Definitely some of the best Szechuan here in the city. The wonton soup broth is also the real deal!! Very special.

The service was nice and pleasant, but absent way too much - especially since it wasn't busy.
One of my favorite places in Philly when I am craving for some Schezuan style cuisine. I am not a fan of their dumplings which are nice but I dont get the brown (plum?) sauce on it as I am more into savory than sweet stuff. However, I have never been disappointed by their main course like dry pepper style chicken, hot sauce style chicken and mapo tofu - delicious!
Umm no. As someone else had pointed out, this location changed menus from "Asian/Fusion to Szechuan" within such a short time..not usually a good sign... 

Still decided to give this place a shot since it's in the heart of centre city and the menu looked very familiar (Hello Han Dynasty or Spice 28)..well the food was not even close...We started off with the Dan Dan Noodles and the Rock Shrimp Tempura both were average..the Noodles just lacked flavor...and the shrimp although had a pretty tasty sauce of wasabi/spicy mayo combo...the actual shrimp part was just dry and tasteless. For our entree, we tried the double cooked fish..which was quite tasty...so no complaints there...

Jane G's is Not for me..sorry...
We were big fans of this place, been ordering takeout for a year. Things started going bad a few weeks ago when they apparently hired some new staff. First they got the spice levels completely wrong and today only half our order arrived. The food is good but don't expect decent service !! Going to have to find a new Chinese place..
Ordered takeout for Christmas Day dinner and they said 45-60 minutes for delivery (we live less than a mile away). After an hour and a half I called to check on order and they assured me it was out for delivery. An hour later (2.5 hours after order now) I called to again be told it was out for delivery. I asked to talk to a manager and was connected with Jackson who then let me know that my order would be "rushed." I asked how that would happen if it was already out for delivery. Curiously, he stalled a bit so I asked "Has my food left the kitchen yet?" and was then told that it hadn't been cooked yet. 

2.5 hours after my order on Christmas Day and they didn't have the heart to call to tell me that we weren't getting dinner. I couldn't believe their lack of compassion, not only were they willing to lie to me multiple times but they were hardly apologetic too. They simply don't care much about their customers. Take your business elsewhere.
Always great food! I make it a point to come for dinner every time I am in Philadelphia! Jane Gs seems a little weathered in terms of decor and lighting since the last time I was there. Better ambient lighting would make the dining experience better. Either way, cannot go wrong with the food!!!
Delicious and fast! We ordered the Dan-Dan noodles and pork dumplings in chili sauce. They give you a spice level to choose from (1-5). We chose 3, which was a bit too spicy for us, but tolerable. Both appetizers were amazing - the noodles could be a meal themselves.

For entrees, the mango chicken portion is huge and I loved all of the mango pieces (some restaurants skimp on this part of the dish). 

Come here hungry and you'll probably still leave with a doggy bag. Great food, would come again.
Reliable, delicious family style. Perfect for groups, nice ambiance and quiet enough for conversation. Wonderful wait staff and delicious menus. 

I've enjoyed the cucumber appetizer, eggs and tomatoes, tri-colored peppers and many other dishes.
Jane G's is a Szechuan Chinese restaurant that has slowly but steadily built up a loyal following.  Even though they are different concepts,  I guess I compare it to Susannah Foo's place a couple of blocks away and it loses in the comparison.  But I would go back here because I can get a tasty meal at a fair price. Eating here recently though was a mixed bag.  I didn't really care for the sesame soy brussel sprouts very much but I loved the dan dan noodles.  Also I totally would prefer a chili sauce to a chili oil to add even more kick.  Service was excellent and a major reason that I'm rounding up to four stars for Jane G's.
Jane G's - I really wanted to like you a lot more. Your space is sleek and sexy. You're in an area with lots of foot traffic and it's not completely unreasonable to park on Market st. in the evening to visit your location. You have a lot of things going for you, but you need to step up your game.

Competition in the spicy Szechuan game is fierce in Philadelphia. you're competing with the Han Dynasty behemoth and the spunky upstart, Chili Szechuan. They've got you in a pincer movement. You're basically a fresh-faced Polish brigade and Rommel has got you surrounded. Go to these restaurants and try their food. Get to know your enemies and you will become better yourself.

First off, you've got to step up your Dan Dan noodles game. They lack personality. The sauce is just a little bit bland. Furthermore, level 5 spicy is a joke. When I ask for your maximum heat level, try to make me regret my decision. I may not finish my meal, but I'll respect you for it.

Secondly, I know you must have some crazy crushed chili sauce back there or something. When I ask for additional hot sauce, giving me sriracha shows a lack of creativity. I like it, but I have it at home.

Thirdly, and please know that I am just trying to improve things - Have your staff put things with soupy sauces in soup containers in the doggie bag. When someone gets their Dan Dan noodle leftovers to take home, put them in a soup container. Put saucy things in soup containers. I can't emphasize this enough. If you hand someone their leftovers in an opaque paper bag, they are going to just assume that the food with liquidy, soupy sauce within the bag has been packaged properly. If you don't do this, some dude is going to put the paper bag you gave him on top of his bills and the Water Revenue Bureau is going to think he is leaking brown sauce from his fingers when he takes care of your paperwork. Use soup containers on takeout food if there is any chance that juice or sauce will leak out of the container and get all over things.

I like your concept and I promise I will be back and update accordingly.
I'll admit that it's tough to have a good experience at a restaurant with a huge menu on the first go. Jane G's menu is large and, as a result, it is very possible to order poorly. 

I'll help you out here, eschew the Dan Dan noodles in favor of the spicy perfume style fish. It is spicy, tender fish cooked in a delicious chili oil. Lurking at the bottom of the hot bowl are vermicelli noodles, enoki mushrooms, and bean sprouts. They are great.

The tea smoked duck is very good. Although the skin may be a little crispy for my taste, I do recognize that the meat portion of it is very well smoked. I like it a lot.

It is worth mentioning that I tried this place after a member of their staff reached out to me in an incredibly courteous, professional manner. He made a few suggestions for my next visit that would improve my opinion of this restaurant dramatically. Seriously, these are stand-up people who really care about feedback and the satisfaction of their customers.
4.5 stars

Jane G was our second chinese place that we went to in Philly, after Han Dynasty (our Philly staple).  This place is pretty good--very tasty, and serve was great!  We got an order of scallion pancakes, fu qi fei pian (they called it "lover's quarrel" or something silly), black bean chicken, and kong xin cai (usually called chinese watercress, but they called it morning glory...).  Everything was delicious!!!  I appreciated being able to control the spiciness.  I love fu qi fei pian, but han dynasty sometimes starts off like "hurts so good" and ends with me eating like 7 bowls of rice to quench the fire...Jane G place allows me to enjoy it without having to cry too much.  black bean chicken was surprisingly tasty, watercress was its usual tasty self, and the scallion pancakes were delightfully crispy.  The one thing that made me a little sad was that we ordered extra to bring for lunch the following day, and the waiter even offered to pack us an extra container of rice...which wasn't in there :(  

Pros over Han Dynasty--I appreciate the variety in foods...especially a regular veggie.  I was so happy to see very traditional home foods on the list (tomatoes and eggs!), and a pretty good mix of spicy and non spicy stuff.

Cons--It lacks a little extra tastiness that HD has--for example, their tripe isn't as QQ, the texture's just a little off.

Both places are a little pricier than I would like...but for quality Szechan/Sichuan food, I'll happily pay up!  (and order a little extra to bring for lunch the following day)
I loved my meal at Jane G's. From the outside, I was expecting a small place - but the ambience was pretty grand! 

Now I generally play it on the safe side with my orders, so when the waiter suggested the Mustard Green Flounder soup, I'm not sure why I went for it. But it was SO good! The soup had a bit of kick, and loads of flavours, to the point where the fish - although plentiful - was hardly an overwhelming flavour! The glass noodles themselves were great as well!

The rest of the meal was fairly good as well - the Szechuan Garlic Chicken was as delicious as it sounds and for my spicy palate - a 4 spice level hit the spot.

Not to mention, the price to quantity ratio was extremely fair. I'll be back!
I honestly do not understand the hype towards this place. 

When I first started grad school, this was deemed as THE place to have a nice dinner out. So of course, being an avid fan of good Chinese food, I was stoked. 

But time after time, I was disappointed with overly priced, decent-tasting but likely salty, subpar food in a strangely 'Americanized' environment. 

Maybe if the dishes were priced lower? Maybe if they added less salt? I don't really know what to change, but Jane G's has always been slightly off-putting to me. 

One big plus though, the restaurant is large so they accommodate big groups well.
We frequent Jane G as it's located in close proximity to our apartment and we generally love the food. Jane G was frankly like a home kitchen to us and we never cared about the ambience or service - until our hugely disappointing experience last weekend.

We ordered the newly offered seaweed and rib soup, and I ended up almost swallowing a small piece of plastic with sharp points from the soup. The plastic piece was somewhat transparent and blended right into the beige-colored soup. Luckily I felt a sting in my tongue and spat it out before too late. Called the manager over; two supervising staff members came and took away the plastic. Didn't take a picture of it. 

It was an unpleasant near miss- but would have been fine if they were immediately apologetic and offered some sort of reimbursement. Instead, they kept telling us (in a not-a-big-deal kind of tone) that it was a plastic piece from the soup can...umm like telling us what type of plastic it was supposed to make us feel better?? Plastic is plastic, not suitable (and sometimes deadly) for human consumption, period. Oh, especially when it's a sharp piece with pointy ends! I then kept expressing more of my dissatisfaction before the manager agreed to take the soup off the check. 

In a similar but far less serious incidence at this Tapas place we frequent, we once spotted a small piece of paper in ice cream. They immediately apologized and offered the entire dinner on house. We already had minimum expectation on customer services at Jane G but this experience was just beyond disappointing. Especially for those of us who dine in this often.
Stopped by for lunch at 12 and got the table quickly however in an hours time it got pretty filled up. Been here a few times in past and its usually packed but easy to get table soon. 
Went with the lunch special that included soup + entree ($13 excluding gratuity). Hot & Sour soup was really good had a pinch of spiciness to it and was very flavorful. Ordered dry pot fish for the entree and I was amazed with the quantity. Easily fills me up for 2 meals. Fish was very tasty and filled with a few veggies. Comes with an option of white, brown or fried rice. Usually places have only white or brown rice as their option do I really liked to have fried rice as the option at no additional cost 
Overall great food and good service. I really wished they had fortune cookies at the end of the meal
What a disappointment.....

So last night I ordered delivery from Jane G and had the crab meat crimini mushroom fried rice and the cumin dry pork. The pork was wayyyy over seasoned and tooo spicy ... We got level 1 (which is the least heat level) and it still burned our mouths. For $16, I would expect our food to have a tolerable heat level.

The fried rice was the worst part.... Not even one crimini mushroom in sight (check out my yelp pic). There was a few button mushrooms scattered around. Even more scarce was the crab meat ... None. Boring unflavored fried rice that was $14... I truly felt ripped off by this place. I basically paid for white rice w some peas and eggs in it.

One star for this joint is considered generous.
I came to Philly to visit my sister. This was in March and it was still very cold. So we went here for all you can eat hotpot.

This is one of the best hotpot places I have been to. The selection of meat and veges are vast and the quality is still very good. 

For a party of 5 we ate more than what it was worth. They also have great mixed drinks. We got a split hotpot one side was the regular broth and the other was spicy. The spicy side can get really spicy so I would take out the peppers when you have a the spice level you like. With hotpot the more you cook and eat the broth gets richer and more flavorful. If you run out of broth they can refill it for you. But it was more than enough for us.

The service was also good. They did not take long to bring out or orders and when we wanted to order again they were ready.

I would love to go to this place again, since I do not get much hotpot here in South Florida. Hotpot is also so much better when it is cold outside.
Wowwwieeee what an amazing experience!!!! I had their dry pot fish lunch special and dan dan noodle and let me tell you it was spectacular. I like my food hot and spicy like my women and that spicy level 4 just hit the spot for me. The food had the heat and intensity of the July 4th fireworks. The visual and arrangement of the dishes was so beautiful that it reminded me of the priceless works of Leonardo Da Vinci. 
Don't even get me started on the servicer. Man oh man. My server Kevin had the chisel body of a Greek god. His hair was flowing like poseidon himself was controlling the waves. His eyes were so beautiful that aphrodite herself  would be jealous. Lastly his smile was so bright that Apollo himself would seem dim in his presence. 
Overall 10/10 would recommend.
I really liked this place. I don't think it compares to Han Dynasty, but still, I enjoyed myself quite a bit. Great decor and environment. Dan Dan Noodles were great. Cumin Dry Rub? Delicious. Moist and perfectly cooked pork. 

A little too pricey for the common person's food. Server was too short with me, a little disinterested.
The waiter was bland.  The food was incredibly over-salted and bland.  The Dan Dan noodles were good.  Maybe, I'll try a hot pot in the future (appears to be the most popular dish).  I used to really like it here:(.  Oh well
Jane G's is a Szechuan restaurant in center city.  It's fairly large, with what seemed like about 75 or 100 seats, or so, no counting the al fresco seating which is another 20 or so.   Most of their options are spicy, so if you're not a fan of spicy Szechuan, this may not be the pace for you, though they do have options for the spice-averse among us...myself included.  I opted for their Hot Pot, which is similar to a Japanese Shabu Shabu or a fondue.  They have an interesting take on this, as you choose your broth (pork, chicken, veggie, or spicy chili) along with as many of about 30 veggie and protein options as you like.  For proteins they had pork, beef, lamb, fish, lobster (fake) balls, fish balls, "luncheon" meat (spam), as well as some items that had a surcharge like clams, oysters, head-on shrimp, and lobster.  They had several kinds of tofu, as well as napa cabbage, soy bean sprouts, spinach, mushrooms, etc., and three kinds of noodles:  vermicelli, udon, and a ramen/soba hybrid.  You can choose two kinds of broth if you like, but I opted for the basic chicken.  I ordered a chrysanthemum strawberry tea, which came iced, and was great if not just a bit on the sweet side.  

They brought a butane burner to the table, atop which was placed the simmering broth.  The chicken broth was simmering with some green onions, mushrooms, tomato, and goji berries.  They also bring three dipping sauces:  peanut (savory), barbecue (savory), and a garlic oil.  I got some chili oil on the side, as well.  

The proteins and veggies arrive on a large plate, the noodles on another, and you place the raw food in the simmering broth to your desired level of doneness.  They provide a small spider with which you retrieve the items once they're cooked to your liking.  It's nice, because you can cook everything just until it's done, then pull it out.  I especially liked the fact that the noodles came dry, so when you cooked them for six or seven minutes, they came out of the broth infused with the stock...very tasty. Overall, it's a fun dinner option and great for a group of people to dine together and try new foods.  

For dessert, I opted for an unusual dish called sesame dough soup.  It was, quite possibly, the strangest thing I've ever eaten...not so much for the ingredients, but more the presentation and taste.  The "soup" is a very watery base with very little taste, seemingly flavored with goji berries and I'm not sure what else.  The dough balls are glutinous rice balls stuffed with a black sesame paste.  The taste was ok, however as you eat the dish, especially if you cut the balls in half in the soup, it literally looks as if someone dumped an ashtray into the soup bowl; the sesame paste looks exactly as you'd think cigarette ashes would look if dumped in a bowl of water.  A very interesting dish that was visually horrible; the taste was not enough to my liking that I'd try it again, though it's a great dish to try with a bunch of people to see their reactions.  

I can't comment on the prepared dishes, since I only had the hot pot, but from what I could see, people seemed to be enjoying their dinners.  I'd definitely go back and try some other dishes, and I'd definitely re-visit for the hot pot.  This is no Susanna Foo's, but it's still very good.
I was dying from the spicy heat. But it was def good. and it made it seem "real". It's hard to find actual spicy food but Jane G will teach you a lesson and show you what real true spiciness means. We got 3 things and the entrees were a spicy level of 3 (range: 1-5) and it was so hot. I'm pretty good spicy food but I was sweating like crazy. 

App: Garlic soy pork belly. It's a cold dish and I thot it'd be weird but the  fatty pork belly was not salty at all and not that sweet. The portion looks small but is not. I shared it w 2 hungry guyfriends and it was a good amount. 

Entree:
Chef xue's Perfume style fish - it's actually a huge hot pot of stew-like dish with thick pieces of fish that actually make you wonder if the waitress got the meat order right. yes, if you order fish, it will look like chicken but it's fish. The hot and spicy soup will 'soothe' you down . The bean sprouts and  glass noodles make a good combo with the fish and I recommend it!

Dry Pepper - got it with chicken. It's crispy popcorn chicken-like pieces with lots of crispy red peppers. The red peppers look extremely hot but I think the chicken was actually hotter than these peppers. This entree (spicy level3) is what killed me from sweating this day. It made me drink 3 cups of water. The crispiness is addicting. I kept on 'snacking ' on the chicken even tho i was about to explode from being full and dying from the hotness.

This new place has a nice fancy romantic interior design and is good to go with friends, families, for dating , special dinner. The price is average center city prices. They may seem expensive but the portions are huge as well. I will come back!
We originally wanted to grab takeout sushi on a Friday night, but Vic's was packed.  We walked by Jane G's and hoped there was a table available, and luckily for us, there was.  After getting food poisoning from Joy Tsin Lau two weeks prior, we stayed away from all Chinese food, but the few times I've been to Jane G's I noticed their ingredients were fresh.

It's a Friday during lent so we skipped the meat and ordered some seafood - scallion egg fried rice with shrimp and spicy fish fillet with tofu to be precise.  The shrimp fried rice was probably the best I've ever had; they don't douse the rice with soy sauce and turn it brown, but instead cook it with ample scallions and eggs - how fried rice should be made.  Their shrimp portion was also very generous.  The waiter asked us how spicy we wanted our fish dish, and we told him not very spicy at all - it turned out to be just right, just a bit mild.  There were some nuts in this dish that added a nice touch.  The flavoring was spot on and I ended up cleaning both entrees.  

The decor in this place is modern yet with a hint of tradition perfectly intertwined that provides a comfortable atmosphere for people of all ages and preferences.  My coworker had his wedding rehearsal dinner here and raved about it.  The prices here aren't cheap and would be considered above average for a Chinese restaurant; but after experiencing food poisoning late last month in Chinatown, I'm more than willing to pay a pretty penny to avoid the fever and nausea.
Came here for restaurant week and I personally loved it! I'm a huge fan of fancy chinese food and this is a good embodiment of it. 
First off I love that they have levels of spicy 1-5, we got 4's and 3's of everything but I wonder how spicy 5 is because 4 was pretty spicy. We started with the chili oil dumplings and dan dan noodles, both amazing! Everyone in the reviews is right about the dan dan noodles being full of flavor and definitely the best in the city. 
Then we got the lobster, dry pot chicken and the beef. The lobster is very deceiving, it looks like you have a ton on your plate but a lot of it is in the shell. The chicken and beef were good but definitely could be crispier and meatier.
Last but not least was the cremee brulee. It was okay but they only give out 1 per 2 people... not impressed by that, it's restaurant week you gotta show off!
I will probably be back to try the other dishes. The customer service was decent which is always a plus.
After my boyfriend and I finished the Chili Oil Wontons, I turned to him and said, "I'm so sad it's over" - little did I know how amazing the rest of the meal would be. 

We came in on a Saturday evening around 7PM and the restaurant was not crowded at all. Usually when this is the case, I always wonder if we made a mistake in in our dining decision. Clearly, one should never go off of this first impression.

Jane G's is Szechuan style, so expect some heat in the dishes. For me, this definitely in my comfort zone. The spicier the better! We were sat by the windows and started with the Chili Oil Wontons. 12 tiny packages bursting with spiciness landed in front of us. We quickly devoured them and I wished for more, but luckily, our main courses were coming shortly. My boyfriend ordered the Dry Pepper with Chicken - tiny pieces of meat breaded in a very peppery breading. So addictive! For myself, I had the dry pot with beef. It come in a spicy sauce with vegetables in a large pot. It was very flavorful, but after eating my boyfriend's dish I quickly had food envy. Nevertheless it was still amazing. 

The portions are pretty large, so I suggest picking a few appetizers and sharing a main dish. The two of us ended up taking home leftovers for later.
The GF was in the mood for Chinese and I was in the mood for pork belly. And since we were in Rittenhouse area and nowhere near Han Dynasty, we decided to finally check out the great smells emanating from Jane G's.

It's a sleek space, with plenty of space at both the bar and in the dining area.

Dumpling Sampler [$14]
Vegetable, chicken & mushroom, truffle edamame, pork & leek

We started off with some dumplings. We had vegetable dumplings which had a nice mix within and was paired with papaya, but the dough was a bit dense. The chicken and mushroom had nice flavor and was paired with cucumber. Paired with some field greens, the truffle edamame had a nicely understated truffle essence, but the real star was the pea puree and the crispy texture of the dumpling. The pork and leek dumpling was fairly standard and came with carrots.

Dan Dan Noodles [$7]

Can't help but compare the dan dan noodles here to the one's at Han Dynasty. The initial attack of spice was tempered by a nice peanut essence. The noodles were fresh and had great chew. Even better were the abundantly crisp bits of pork. Best version I've had outside of Han Dynasty thus far.

Garlic Soy Pork Belly [$8]

Do get the pork belly dish here. This was a huge platter of thinly sliced pork in a garlic soy glaze that wasn't overpowering. The heat that comes on the finish was really nice. . Mung bean sprouts were hidden below, which offering a light countervailing element to this ridiculous portion of pork

Rock Shrimp [$11]

Atop some mixed greens, the rock shrimp were sweet and lightly dressed in a wasabi sauce. The fry on the shrimp could have been crisper though.

Three Cup Chicken [$15]

On the other end of the spectrum, the three cup chicken is a complete contrast to the version at Han Dynasty. At least half of the dish was littered with bone shards. Should definitely have been advertised as bone-in chicken. The sauce was decent, but not as rich as I would expect. The bits of roasted garlic cloves and ginger were nice though.  

While there were a few dishes that didn't speak to me, there's plenty to warrant a return trip to Jane G's. Do get the pork belly and check out the Dan Dan Noodles. For the Rittenhouse area, it's affordably priced as well.
This place is serving up some serious eats in Rittenhouse and it's such a nice place to "get away" during COVID. 
They've built great outdoor seating with heaters. Heated outdoor dining space is limited so call ahead. 
The food was great and had a great selection from vegetarian to gluten free. 
The service was great. Everything was clean. The piping hot food was perfect in the cold. Portions were generous. Can't wait to come back!
Walked by Jane G's a number of times since it opened and had no idea it was Asian fusion. There was never a menu posted outside (there is now) nor was there a menu on their website (also now fixed). Walking in we were very impressed with the decor and a bit surprised with the number of open tables. 

We sat down and reviewed the menu and were a bit shocked to see how limited it was. We had heard good things so we just assumed they took the mentality of doing a few things great and ordered up a bunch of appetizers, the duck and the pad thai. One misstep in the apps were the duck dumplings, just dry and lacking flavor.

The apps were excellent with the brussels sprouts (a special off menu) and the rock shrimp being our favorites. The entrees on the other hand were less than exciting. They were okay in their own right but nothing you couldn't get at any other restaurant for much less.

The staff was very nice, patient and helpful. Overall, I might go back for apps and drinks at the bar but not heading back anytime soon for the entrees.
I will not be rushing back here - even though the service was great (I came early before the 12:15 hoards arrived) and the dumpling sampler ($14 for 8 dumplings - 2 each of 4 varieties) was great.

I got dan dan noodles to go.
What a disappointment,  Never again for that dish (Go to Han's for the real Dan Dan).  Sauce was awful.

Beautiful decor, pleasant service, overpriced "meh" food. I spent $26 for lunch (after tax and tip) and no beverages, no dessert.  Yikes.

Such a shame.
Tasteless and bland wonton soup. No bok choy, cabbage or roast pork pieces. Mushy skins and tasteless filling. 
Very disappointed.
I went here on Sunday evening for dinner and was surprised how authentic the food was, given how trendy the place appeared.  (My initial expectation was that it would be more "fusion/modern").  That being said, the decor is very nice and comfortable.  The service was excellent, and the owner also stopped by to chat with us, like many other reviewers have mentioned.  As a testament to how authentic and tasty the food was, almost every group that was dining there at the time was Asian.  

We ordered the dan dan noodles, pork intestine noodle soup, and the fish and tofu clay pot.  
- The dan dan noodles were okay, not that great, especially when you compare to Han Dynasty's dan dan noodles. 
- However.  Everything else we had was _very_ good.  If you like Szechuan, the pork intestine noodle soup was delicious-- full of flavor, not crazy spicy, just delicious and a GREAT deal at $11 (it's a huge bowl).  Despite the dan dan noodles, I would readily order any other Szechuan/spicy dish based on this one.
- The fish and tofu clay pot was not spicy, but exactly what I was in the mood for, which was simple but flavorful.  And it was LOADED with fish and tofu-- they did not skip.  At first I thought it was a bit pricy at $17, but now that I've been literally eating it for 3 days and counting, it's a darn good deal for the size.

I fully intend to be here often.  My recommendations are: Szechuan dishes and more Asian dishes.  It sounds like some of the more "americanized" dishes (trying not to sound pretentious or anything!) were not that good from what the other reviews say.  I am hoping to try the spicy beef noodle soup and mustard greens and flounder soup next.  Several tables nearby ordered the crispy whole fish with sweet and sour sauce, which looked really good too.
My parents are from Szechuan, my husband is a Chinese food snob, and I love a good ambience. We were excited to try out the many Chinese restaurants since moving to Philadelphia. After exploring each Asian establishment in town - from University to Old City, Jane G's is our stand-out favorite again and again. We go there after work, when family/friends come to town, when we need a happening happy hour hot spot, or when we just need a delicious taste of home away from home. This place offers an amazing blend of authentic Chinese food spiced from 1-5 (I'd recommend staying 3 or below for the sane) furnished with classy upscale modern decor. 

My Szechuan ancestors and I give Jane G's 2 spicy thumbs up.
I really keep my expectations in check during restaurant week, but this place killed it! By far our favorite restaurant we've ever visited during restaurant week. 
The dizzying array of dumplings are certainly the main attraction and they did not disappoint. We sampled pork and leek as well as soup dumplings and both were little bits of doughy perfection. I also ordered scallion pancakes and found them to be super flavorful and crispy. 
Boyfriend ordered general tsao's shrimp which was excellent. I ordered Cantonese lobster noodles (probably called something different) and still can't believe how great of a deal that was. There was so much lobster in there I couldn't believe it. For dessert we got these little egg custard bao buns which were perfect. Everything about our meal was great. I can't wait to go back when it's not restaurant week and start working my way through their whole menu!
Damn those Dan Dan Noodles!! The ones here are some of the best I've had period. I could not see myself coming here again and not ordering them. They were so good. My brother and I have always been good at sharing, even when we were little, but there was some tension in the air over that bowl of noodles. Fortunately we still managed do split it pretty evenly. We also got Mom's Braised Brisket and Turnip which is served in a clay pot. Had those Dan Dan Noodles not been so good, this may have stood out more. It was very good, but when eating it next to the noodles, it was easy for us to determine which our favorite was. They have a ton of other dishes on their menu too that I'd love to try in the future.

Service was great and while we had to sit outside because it was a beautiful summer day, the inside is really nice too. No doubt, this is now a must stop whenever I'm back in Philly.
I actually think this spot beats out Han Dynasty...unreal.  Must have the dumplings in Chili oil.  I gave both 5 stars but this place is the best I've had.
Such a great authentic Chinese restaurant!!! I'm really loving this place. Definitely need to come back with friends!!!!
Not too sure what to even make of this place.  The already changed their menu and they haven't been open that long.

They went with a "Szechuan" theme.  Let me guess, you saw how great Han Dynasty was and wanted to duplicate.  Well, besides the decor, you have not done that cuisine justice.

There is a pretentious feel as soon as you walk in and the wait staff seems clueless.  Nobody knew what to do when they tried to sit us.  Mind you, there were about 15-20 open tables and they all looked clean...what was the hold up?

The Honey Walnut Shrimp was pretty good, but other than that, everything else was mediocre at best.  The "Szechuan" food was awful.  How dare you try to replicate Dan Dan noodles!!!!!  They were nothing compared to Han's!

EVERYONE...do yourself a favor and go elsewhere for "Szechuan" food.
The service was great but the menu and drink options changed and I wasn't in love with anything I ordered except the scallion pancake which was the best I've ever had! I was very disappointed that Fast Edie's Ruby Red Grapefruit Vodka was no longer on the menu and the Dan Dan noodles were overly salted and had an unusual after taste.
Great food. But saw four cockroaches right by where we were seated. Pointed out politely to a couple of staff (restaurant was full) but they failed to do anything. My skin started crawling so asked to pack food up and left. Was there for restaurant week. Hoped to hear from management after raising this issue to the hostess and one of our server. But nothing. Left a generous tip for the good tasting food nevertheless.
Excellent , been twice for lunch both times very good.. I've determined spice level 3 is just right. Price it's reasonable for great good.
Jane G's is hands down one the best Szechuan restaurants I have ever been to in my life. Yes, there's Han Dynasty and other restaurants in Philadelphia that specialize in Szechuan food. However, I believe Jane G's have made a huge accomplishment in spreading Szechuan food to Philadelphia because I got influenced and now Szechuan food is on my craving list.  What makes Jane G's 'Jane Gs' is its food creativity, its ambient environment, and excellent service. Unlike a lot of Chinese restaurants in Philly, Jane G's accomplished something that many aren't able to achieve. Its modern atmosphere and choice of furniture; altogether makes the restaurant family friendly, allow interactions, and comfort the whole eating experience.  

How is the food? One word. Astounding. 
The food is superb at Jane G's. 
Starting with Appetizers: 
Vast, yet simple and delicious. 
Recommended Dishes: Definitely try Dan Dan Noodles, Chili Oil Dumplings/Wontons

Entrees: 
There are so many to choose from. 
All are pretty tasty; it depends on your choice of style, protein, and etc. 
Styles you can choose include cumin, dry pot, double cooked, garlic, and more.
Protein: Fish, Lamb, Beef, Chicken, Shrimp, etc. 

Vegetarians:
 I didn't forget about you. There are also vegetarian options that I found really good. 
Morning Glory, Agrocybe, & Triple Mushroom Delight are some that I found awesome. I may be missing others, but overall, I like their vegetables options.  

Jane G's have done something that many restaurants feared to do: experiment and create new food. A lot of restaurants prefer cooking the same food throughout its existence, but what distinguish a restaurant is the ability to do something that is outside its safe zone & Jane G's have done that!

Since my first visit to Jane G's, my love and drive for more Szechuan food has been constantly growing and I truly recommend everyone to try Jane G's if they can.
Yeahhh. Really good stuff! Came here on a really rainy day with a group of friends. Got the seafood udon, chili wontons, and the dry pepper chicken. Boy the food comes in huge portions. The seafood udon was really good. A really good amount of spicy and great flavors. The chili wontons were a little meh, more on the bland side than anything. Nothing special. The dry pepper chicken was delicious. The chicken was moist and it was a good spice. We also got a jug of sangria, that was not that bad. I was more excited to see actual real fruit in the jug than the actual flavor of it. 

Oh yeah the bathrooms are super clean and so is the entire restaurant decor.
I went here yesterday, the food and service were great. Only one thing, we ordered level 3 spicy, but the food was not as spicy as expected. We will order level 5 next time. 
After the satisfying dinner, I stupidly forgot my credit card there, and was freaked out this morning. I went back to the restaurant, and it is awesome that they found it and returned the card to me safe and sound.
Definitely will go back!
First time here, came during my lunch break, my impression was; mediocre food - poor service. 

My standards for good service are seat me, take my order, give me my check, don't make me wait for too long. Mid meal, my waitress disappeared never to resurface again. Hey, I get that the lunch rush can be overwhelming. My issue was that the restaurant was half empty and with the waitress missing, no other staff were willing to help me with my check. I ended up going to the front counter asking if I could just pay, upon which they informed me I cannot pay at the front counter. 

All in all, I wouldn't recommend coming here for lunch if you have less than an hour to spare. While it is in a convenient location, the staff seem too caught up in the mechanics of their individual roles and should try focusing on overall customer experience.
This was possibly one of the worst meals I have had. 
Both dishes had sauces that were so thick with cornstarch that you could almost taste it.
To add to that, when I got my credit card bill, someone had forged the tip to make the total even, adding an extra twenty six plus change to the tip, hoping nobody would see it.  AmEx did refund the difference, but with the exact total even, the restaurant was hoping I would not see  and just look at the listing.  
Beware...always check your statements for the tips. 
Someone in that place is dishonest
We finally came for hot pot tonight ($35 pp) and, overall, it was very solid, although the staff certainly took their time in bringing out the plates of meats and vegetables.  We waited, on average, about 10+ minutes for each request (you check off items on an order sheet).  

Some of the highlights:
1. lamb - pretty fatty but tender and sliced thin; try it with the spicy broth and seafood bean sauce
2. beef brisket - also fatty but not too tough; good paired with the Shanghai egg noodles
3. fish balls stuffed with beef - probably one of my favorite items; the meat filling is savory and almost stew-like
4. fried tofu - fantastic with a thin fried exterior and soft interior
5. squid - okay but don't overcook it!
6. enoki mushrooms - a must-order with a pasta-like texture and the ability to take on the flavor of any sauce very easily
7. snow pea leaves - a hot pot standard; cook it in the spicy broth for more flavor

The broths were decent, although the vegetarian broth was very bland.  I would recommend the spicy broth, as it is not overly spicy but still very flavorful.  And FYI - they will be shocked if you proceed to your third (and fourth...and fifth...) order and the time between the receipt of each order will increase.  Just speaking from food coma experience here...
Oh Jane G.  You're our only halfway decent asian food within our few blocks, so we end up at your doorstep so often.  In the few months we've been in Philly, we've been by maybe a dozen times now...

Don't get me wrong, Jane G's can still be awfully good sometimes...but it's become apparent that the quality and flavor of their food is INCREDIBLY inconsistent.  There are times when I leave thinking that I'm so happy that we live so close...and then there are times when I wonder "what happened?  this was so tasty last time!".

A few examples--I talked about the morning glory/chinese spinach/watercress last time.  It was delicious that time; the following time (maybe 5 or so days later), the watercress we got was not fresh, and overcooked (so it wasn't a pretty bright green, but instead a brownish-green).  About a week after that (it was a very Jane G-heavy month), we ordered the watercress again (it's my husband's favorite vegetable), and not only was it mostly stems with no leaves, it was again nearly brown, and they added some sort of starch that made the dish goopy and totally unappetizing.  We have stopped ordering it since.

Example 2: Since the weather's gotten colder, my husband and I have also gone in to get a bowl of beef noodle soup.  The first time we got that, we were both pretty satisfied, and thought it was a solid bowl of noodles.  The next time we went back, the noodles were so overcooked that I couldn't "pull" on them without them breaking (um...seriously?).

Last example--we got the green beans with a group of friends once, and it was DELICIOUS--a little crispy, savory, nice bite to it.  The following time, it was inedibly salty (I washed them off a little bit in my leftover soup before eating them).  The time after that, they were back to being tasty.

Jane G is capable of very good food--one of the best Chinese places in the Rittenhouse area (but given the lack of Chinese food, I suppose that's not a high bar).  I just wish they would perform consistently well.  We'll still be back, I'm sure...I just wish it was less of a hit-or-miss place!
The food here is AMAZEballs. (Disclaimer: I can only comment on the food since I've only ever ordered take-out from here).

This is QUALITY Chinese food, not to be mistaken with your average cheap & greasy Chinese food joint.  The food is so fresh and delicious, and yes it's a bit pricey, but you're paying for the great quality of the food.  They have so many interesting dishes to choose from not on your typical Chinese food menu (truffled edamame dumplings, crispy brussel sprouts, pickled cucumbers, to name a few) and some nice pork-free versions of your traditional dan dan noodles and wonton soup (where my kosher girls at?!) Other favorites of mine include their crispy rice chicken and scallion egg fried rice.

Be aware, though, that their spicy dishes are HOT! Szechuan oil is no joke.  You choose a 1-5 on the spicy scale, and even the "1"s are not for the heat-weak.

Jane G's = yum
Jane G's has taken me a couple times to become a fan. I believe it was my fault for going as just a couple. The food here is rich and heavy and is meant to be consumed family style. With that said, the food here is amazing!

Pros: 
-great service
-fast service
-great atmosphere
-lychee martinis
-favorite dishes: mama's hot pot, dan dan noodles, scallion pancakes, the house special lo mein, the veggies

Cons: 
-sort of pricey
Had a very bad experience eating there last Friday with my coworkers. This is my 2nd time at Jane G and will be the last one too. First of all, I think this restaurant is more Americanized than what I expect a Chinese retaurant to be. The food is so so to me when I compare to the authentic Chinese food. It is not bad for sure, but I will not prefer to eat here mainly due to its horrible service...or at least I got unlucky while I ate there. The waiter who servered us apparently did not like his job. Regardless him being impatient about our questions, he forgot to bring the fried rice to my coworker and it is supposed to be included in the lunch special menu. No apologies from him and he was even not happy about us. What??? Shouldnt us the ones who are disappointed? I know people make mistakes, but this waiter's attitude is too epic to ignore. When we asked for check in the end, he got my dish completely wrong. Instead of charging me 12, he marked down 18. Fortunatelly I remembered how much my food is and noticed the error. When I told him, he was giving that attitude again. Darn it!! I promise I will NOT go back to Jane G restaurant again.
I went to Jane G's for restaurant week last night. The experience was memorable. Our server Zack was nothing less than prompt, courteous, helpful, and engaging. The restaurant ambience was polished to perfection and our dishes were also prompt, hot, and flavorful. 

Our cost/food amount ratio was "dead-on-balls" accurate! Zack even recommended a wine for pairing. 

Our picks:
Dan Dan noodles
Edamame dumplings
Philosopher's Chicken
Shrimp 
and Pork Fried Rice

Excellent romantic, party hosting, night-out-on-the-town type of place! Highly recommend :)
Props to the staff at this place for working on Christmas Day, but other than that and the clean space, this place is just ok. 

I started off with the popcorn rock shrimp. The portion was good for the price (not great, but I thought there was enough shrimp for $11). They went a bit heavy on the wasabi sauce, which did a good job clearing my sinuses even after I tried to squeeze it off each piece before consuming it. 

According to the menu, cashew style chicken comes with "assorted vegetables." In case you ever wonder what those are, it's diced celery and zucchini (though I can't guarantee that it'll be the same vegetables every time). The chicken was tender, but the sauce that came with the dish was very salty and so I also had to squeeze the sauce off each piece before eating it. 

Overall, the food isn't bad, but it wouldn't be my top choice for Chinese/Szechuan style food. You can find similar food with better pricing, portioning, and quality at some other places in the city.
Welcome to the neighborhood!  I've been wondering what's going on in there. 

They've done a great job at changing the one time Blockbuster video into a well decorated restaurant.  There is a nice open space with a semi open kitchen - detailed wood work and rich colors throughout.

We ordered:

Crab Puff Pastry - I'd pass on this.  It was not that flavorful and I didn't feel as though it was the standout of our meal.

Crispy Calamari on Sun Dried Tomato Coulis - really good and the presentation was beautiful.  There was an ample serving of calamari.

Popcorn Rock Shrimp with Wasabi Aioli - really good.  Once again great presentation as well with a sweet wasabi aioli.

Lobster Wasabi Mashed Yukon Gold Potatoes - filling and a decent serving of lobster.  Not heavily loaded but an adequate amount

Service was outstanding as it was their first lunch opening. Inside they have done a great job of transforming the space.

I will def. be back to try more of the menu (Oxtail Paparadelle!) and also some drinks!

I believe this will be a great spot for business lunches, after work cocktail hours and date night dinners.
This review can really only be for the Dan Dan noodles since that's the only dish I have ordered from here. Normally I get them delivered as they are the bombdiggity! No really if you haven't tried dan Dan noodles here or anywhere else- try them!
I'd say at a spice level 2 or it gets way too overwhelming. 
Their service has been fast and friendly. I even say outside for lunch on a weekday afternoon with no crowd and the service was exceptional.
Very disappointed. My brother had been talking @ trying Jane's, so we were excited when we were finally able to go. Service? Horrible. And it wasn't even that busy. Ten minutes to get a bottled water. Forever to place the order. We almost got up and left when our waitress came over and said she mistakenly put our main course in before the apps. By the time dinner came, we had lost our appetite. My shrimp with walnuts....way too sweet a glaze and cold broccoli. She took it back to reheat, but brought it back just as cool. My sons General Tso's chicken was nondescript. 

Will not go back.
Someone else made the reservation for here and I wasn't exactly thrilled when I read the Yelp reviews.  The disappointing reviews are pretty accurate.  The food was OK, but nothing worth the price.  My crispy duck was not quite as good as in Chinatown, and it was $28.  It came with rice, which was put on the table way before the entree so I had to send it back to be reheated.  The sides with the duck -- bok choy and sweet potato, both of which I love, were also cold, but everyone else at the table was already eating so I let it slide.  It was obvious the kitchen had some timing problems with the duck, but sending out cold sides is not acceptable.

Our server was fine in taking our order, but an assistant brought the food and she didn't understand English, which complicated matters.  Fine if I'm having Mexican food in North Philly, not cool when I am in a high-priced restaurant near Rittenhouse Square.
Jane G's uses tons of MSG.  The food was mediocre.  I had seafood soup which was in a murky broth with tofu that dissolved as soon as you put it in your mouth.  I do not like tofu and this was not listed as an ingredient in the item on the menu. 

I also had a beef dish that was fine, but after an allergic reaction to the MSG that they use, I would never go back.  It's not worth the health risk.
Excellent Szechuan cuisine! Ask for the Chinese menu if you are craving for the authentic Chinese food.

The first time sat down at this restaurant today (my girlfriend and I had previously took out and had a very good experience with it), not only is the decor beautiful, the food is also delicious! The owner was really friendly to all customers. Service was great, my water was never half empty. They just started the Szechuan style menu not too long ago (with spicy level from 1 to 5, 3 was already pretty spicy to me)... definitely recommend it. The owner brought the Chef from a very famous Szechuan restaurant in Flushing, New York. He has for sure lift the standard of Szechuan cuisine to the next level in Philadelphia! 

Great place to dine, casual or formal. At first, we thought it will be very pricy because of the interior and the quality of food,but it turned out to be very reasonable! So far we had 7 different dishes in these 2 visits, and everything is great... can't wait to try the rest of the menu!!!
I've been here several times and the food was great! As I'm enjoying my food today I looked down and there was a roach on the chair next to me. NEVER AGAIN!!
Happy hour weekdays 5-7 is only for outdoor and bar seating.  Hurry and grab a spot!  MF and I sat at the bar and the bartender was so nice.  He kept out spot pristine clean.  He was also very knowledgable.   It is not thst common for servers (from my past experidnces) to know the origin of the oysters.  The buck a shucks here are amazing.  It's a MUST get.


We also had the ginger soy brussel sprouts.  YUM!!!!!  It was stir fried to the heavens and the sauce was sweet and tangy - my description isn't even doing it justice so I'm going to stop, but you got to try it!


Definitely going back to try more stuff!
With the recent ridiculous surge in Szechuan Chinese restaurants in Philadelphia to pander to the culture-seekers, one stands out among the rest as the pinnacle, and that is Jane G's. I've tried plenty - Han Dynasty, Dan Dan, Chengdu Famous, among others, and nothing matches this place in quality.

Their selection of meats/vegetarian dishes is large, with plenty of styles for each, and while I was overwhelmed at first, I was able to focus on cumin-style and am looking forward to trying the other styles. The soups and appetizers are fantastic as always, and the ambiance is plenty appropriate for a comfortable, but not fine-, dining experience.

If you're craving Sichuan food and are uncultured or don't know your way around Philadelphia, give Jane G's a try.
I was a bit skeptical when I first entered the restaurant....and I tend to be when a Chinese restaurant is so modern and Westernized.  Beautiful interior decoration with wine glasses placed neatly on the table.  I looked at my friend who brought me here with concern but I thought, why not and just try it!  
Looking at the menu, I was caught by surprise to see many dishes you don't normally find in such a Westernized Chinese restaurant, but instead find in those hole in the wall places in Chinatown where everything is communicated by the mother tongue.  
At first we decided to just order 3-4 dishes, but my eyes...once again, is much bigger than my stomach and I went on a rampage!  First, now this may just be a custom for Chinese people, I speak to the waiter in Chinese to test the waters, seeing if he would respond back.  He looked at me saying "sorry i don't speak Chinese."  Well, that was a bust.  So we go on to order 4 dishes, which sooner or later became 5.  
We started with the chili oil and beef tendons (ma la niu jin) and the chili oil and wontons (hong you cao shou).  The first bite of the beef tendon, I knew how authentic this restaurant was!  The bursting flavor of the sauce mixed in with the burning yet numbing sensation of the chili oil.  Next bite was the wontons, same thing!  The flavor was amazing!  Reminded me of being in Taiwan and eating with my family.  No disappointments there.  One thing I would have done different was probably order the beef tendons a level 2 instead of 3.  It was just too spicy!  
Next we ordered for our entrees the spicy beef (level 3), bean curd with pork (dofugan cao roushi) and snow pea leaves (Cao dou miao).  I must say the spicy beef was very delicious.  Perfect amount of spice with very tender pieces of beef.  I was disappointed in how thick the bead curd was cut.  Now this will have to be my most favorite dish in any Chinese restaurant and the art to making this dish perfect is thinly slicing the bean curd so when it is stir fried the flavor is able to permeate into each bean curd piece.  Last but not least, the snowpea leaves were perfect!  Another one of my favorite dishes you don't normally find in a typical Chinese restaurant.  
What I found was nice was that the owner of the restaurant made rounds with each table asking how our experience was and how we are enjoying the food.  I thought that was a nice touch.  
If my family ever visits Philly, I'd definitely be taking them to this restaurant for a try!  Until next time, I can't wait to trying new things on their menu!
Great place to eat in Philly! The services was good and fast. My waiter was good looking too!
Offering Szechuan Chinese dishes in Center City Philadelphia, Jane G's fills a niche of authentic Chinese food in a highly convenient location. While it's difficult to compete with the cheap and delicious Chinese restaurants just a couple streets down in Chinatown, Jane G's is a classy Chinese establishment in Philadelphia and offers an average dining experience at a moderate price. The interior is pretty as well, with plenty of space and tables in an ornate set-up, so definitely great for formal occasions or just the quick dinner take-out as well.

From my visits, I have found the food to be just average, notwithstanding the huge assortment of similar restaurants nearby in Chinatown. From the Dan Dan noodles to its Peking duck dishes, the food is alright, but I left wanting more in both portion sizes and taste. The Dan Dan noodles were decently tasty, but just a little bit on the salty side, and can't beat the noodles at the aptly named Dan Dan Noodles restaurant just a couple blocks away in Center City. Most of the main dishes are just lacking in taste and aroma, not packing the punch that I was looking for from a Szechuan restaurant, but I do like the Chili Oil Wontons... definitely my favorite dish and appetizer whenever I come here.

The interior is quite intricate and visually appealing, with the perfect lighting combination at dinner--not too dark nor too light, perfect for the special occasion or even a formal business meeting--and suits the crowd at the towering buildings of the financial district of Philly. Its location is a bit out of the way, about halfway between 30th Street Station and Suburban Station, unless of course you work in one of the JFK blvd buildings, in which case its location is perfect. For the moderate prices and just average food, I wouldn't recommend Jane G's to the foodies of Philadelphia, but it's a great meeting-place otherwise if you care more for the ambiance.
I come to Jane G's when I'm craving Asian food in immediate proximity to my apartment because I'm too lazy to go to Chinatown. I came for lunch a while back and my memory of that meal was mediocre, though I did like the Dan Dan noodles. I came back for dinner and ordered the brussel sprouts, spicy beef noodle soup, and dry pepper chicken. I loved the brussel sprouts- well flavored, great crispy texture, topped with crispy rice noodle. The spicy beef noodle soup was also super tasty, it came in a large bowl with ample portions of braised beef brisket. I would definitely order this again next time and I love that there's enough to share for multiple people. The dry pepper chicken was good, hard to go wrong with this dish. Service was very attentive, overall a satisfying meal.
I would like to first note that I was kind of confused by the name given that "Jane G's" is not your typical name for a Szechuan restaurant - don't be turned off by this though because if you enter, you will not regret it!

My girlfriend and I ordered and took photos of:

Beijing Style Zhajiangmian. I had only had the Korean style of this dish before, so I wasn't too sure what to expect. I personally thought that it could have used a bit more of the sauce (which was delicious), but it was still nonetheless very enjoyable.

Garlic Soy Pork Belly. If you ever wondered what a mountain of pork belly would be like, this is the dish for you. It is just a HUGE mound of pork belly (thinly sliced and quickly boiled/steamed) in a pool of a chili oil and soy sauce concoction topped with some chopped green onion. It threw me off a little bit because it was served cold (I don't know - something about meat in liquid screams "warm" to me), but it was very good. 

Beef in Boiled Hot Sauce. If you've read my other reviews of Szechuan places (maybe I've only reviewed 1 other place), you'll know that this is something that I always order. I thought it was good - nothing special. It had a bit of a funky aftertaste. It was enjoyable but probably the lease favorite of the things I ordered here. 

Overall, highly recommended! I also recommend looking at my friend's Tastemade video of Jane G's for a more visual adventure: https://www.tastemade.com/places/jane-gs-1930-chestnut-st-philadelphia-pa/81pSwvfxSom63_X7cNfw1A
We went to Jane G's because we clicked on the link on Yelp & were offered a complimentary desert. They advertised small plates, so we asked the waitress for some guidance. What was appropriate for 2 adults & 1 child? The waitress said "The plates are pretty small. Each dish is about one handful." We thought we ordered accordingly, but when the food came I realized that there were clearly giants or a species of enormous space chefs in the kitchen. Each plate of food was larger than any hand I'd ever seen. We had ordered more than 5 adults could comfortably eat. The food itself was okay. A bit overpriced, if you ask me.  

After we got her to pack up about 1/2 of the food to go, she asked if we wanted desert. I was overstuffed, but the reason I was there in the first place was the free desert. When I told our server about the coupon she immediately copped an attitude. "I need to see it," was all she said (I'd been holding the phone in plain sight in my hand.) So I handed her the phone & she said, "You get green tea ice cream," and walked away. She brought the check with the desert but with none of those comforting assurances of 'take your time'. 

I probably won't be back, even for free ice cream.
Fantastic  food and service.Having grown up in India, I'm not a great fan of american chinese, and tend to prefer the spicy schezuan style of cooking. This place does the latter with panache. Had a wonderful b'day dinner!
Being a longtime Han Dynasty fan, I've thought long and hard about how to make this review as objective as possible without mixing in my sentimental feelings about Han. Jane G and Han both serve similar Sichuan cuisine. On this occasion, I ordered the dry pepper chicken and the boiled hot sauce fish. Overall, I felt that Jane G is a solid choice that feels slightly more authentic than Han Dynasty, but I liked the latter better for its slightly thicker sauce in its hot sauce fish (I begrudgingly admit to liking the more Americanized version).

Anyhow, back to Jane G - I really enjoyed the dry pepper chicken. The portions are huge, and the chunks of meat were crispy yet beautifully juicy inside. The hot sauce fish was decent, but the texture was not as soft as those in some other restaurants. The atmosphere at Jane G struck me as very modern and a nice place to dine at, and they also serve hotpot with an array of fixings ($35) that looks amazing.
Jane G's does awesome Szechuan food. My favorite Szechuan restaurant in Philly is Four Rivers. Han Dynasty was a very distant second-for all the hype, the food never compared to Four Rivers (it is prettier though). Jane G's easily beats Han Dynasty hands down. I can't speak for their non-Szechuan dishes, but all of the Szechuan ones I have tried - cumin style beef, dried pepper style chicken, spicy Parsley beef- were delicious, wonderfully spicy, and nearly as good as Four Rivers. Seriously, get the dried pepper chicken, it's like wonderfully tongue--tingling spicy popcorn chicken. I drool just thinking about it.

And for those who want a fancier setting than a Chinatown restaurant, I think it is more pleasant and comfortable then Han Dynasty. The portions are very generous and the service has always been very gracious- fast and pleasant. Our first visit there, the waitress dropped our plates with the leftovers. While that was a small loss to us (stuff happens and they were only left overs), she gave us our desert (yummy fried bananas) for free.

I have since gotten the takeout and it is every bit as good.
Stopped in for lunch today and was pleasantly surprised. The ambience was great, service was good, and the food was really good. I enjoyed the cumin dry rub pork after drooling over the picture posted on yelp. Next time I will order the dry pot chicken which my co worker ordered and shared with me. I will be honest, I was blown away by that dish, and was told the dryer it is, the better. My only suggestion would be to offer a lunch special to encourage people to try other dishes and get hooked. I personally do not enjoy spending $15 for lunch to experiment, but it is worth a try.
Some of the food was good .. but we would never go back. Our waiter, Michael was a complete asscanoe. He took a very long time at all stages of the meal. We asked him for a refill on my Coke and didn't bring it (we eventually asked another waiter). He got part of my husband's order wrong. Another waiter brought us free wontons and free brussels sprouts for some reason, which was nice. My meal was good but my husband didn't like his. Michael kept serving and checking on the young ladies sitting next to us and then would walk away before we could get his attention.

When we got the bill, the total for the food came to $47.00 and tax was $3.94 .. and the grand total on the bill was $51.00. Now I know that's only six cents, but I've never seen a restaurant round UP before. It's ok, we just took it out of the tip, which was already low.
Service was horrible. Me and my fiancé walked in to be seated, and was asked if we wanted to take a menu to go. After that we were seated, our waited took our order and never came back. Someone else finally brought our entrees out after a ridiculously long wait. No one ever brought us our first course (vegetable tofu soup). We had to ask for the soup. While my fiance was eating his soup, he discovered a bug in it (pictures included). This was brought to the attention of the manager on duty. Who apologized and said "It's a veggie bug." We left and went to Dan Dan instead. Horrible service and we will never come back to this restaurant again. Please check out the photos.
Just the grapefruit vodka inspired drinks are enough of a reason to visit but the food Is delish too! My friend and I shared several starters and pad Thai. All were yummy but the portions aren't huge so be prepared to spend a few extra $ than you'd normally spend at some of the other Asian inspired restaurants in the area.
I have recently been lamenting the loss of good Chinese in NY.   Now I know why- the chefs have moved to Jane Gs in Philly!   This restaurant only has 3 1/2 stars but I had a 5 star experience.  We tried the chefs tasting menu at $40 and I would have paid double.  Three appetizers were served and devoured instantly.  Dan Dan noodles were spicy and bursting with peanut, hoisin and other yummy flavors.   I've never seen Brussel sprouts in a Chinese restaurant before.  These were soy glazed and roasted to perfection.   Chili oil dumplings were fragrant and spicy.   Entrees included Orange Beef and Pork with Peppers.   Even the white rice was delicious.   I'm actually waiting for dessert as I Yelp.... I'M STUFFED but a good stuffed!
Came here with my female friend who insists on engaging literally everyone including the owner Jane, who was a wonderful host and bought us a round of drinks. We came for their happy hour special and had two orders of the sesame soy brussel sprouts because they were so good. We also had the dollar oysters, popcorn rock shrimp, and the Dan Dan noodles. Not one thing disappointed. Can't wait to go back and try the regular menu for dinner some night.
This place sold me on their decorations. I came here for happy hour and enjoyed the appetizer food. The drinks were also good. Overall, a nice looking place and I would definitely come back to try for dinner.
I could eat here every day. We split dandan noodles, brussel sprouts, and scallion pancakes. All of them were PERFECT and came out super fast. For dinner i got the spicy beef noodle bowl. This was under the appetizers but it was big enough for 4+ people. Our waiter was fast, efficient, and was full of recommendations. Cozy atmosphere with windows that open up for fresh air. Clean bathrooms. Just make sure you make a reservation- this place fills up FAST!
We have been to Jane G's twice now and both times have been great. You can taste the freshness of the ingredients. I also like the eceletic mix of clientele. This is a true taste of Szechuan that you do not get at the take out places or some of your bigger Asian chains. They are very accommodating on the spice levels, since the wife went a zero for her General Chos chicken and I still enjoyed my sample of her dish. I personally waver between 2 and 3 depending on the dish. You get that nice taste of heat, but not the crying kind, which is nice. Also the dumplings and the scallion pancakes are a must.
I had the most wonderful experience at Jane G's!
From the time I arrived until walking out the door, the staff was wonderful and attentive.  They even let my friend and I stay quite late after everyone left. I had the opportunity to meet the lovely Jane G, and she went out of her way to make sure that everything was up to our expectations.  Tonight I had the oysters for an appetizer which were fresh and delicious.  The vegetables were prepared with a delicious sauce and were fabulously crisp.  And then there was the lobster...a very generous portion that had unbelievable flavor.  Better than any seafood I've had in Philly thus far.  This restaurant was amazing and I will surely be back!
Great for groups!  We had a group of 14 and they were than happy to accommodate our $30 all-in/person budget.  Service was great and the food delicious.  

Some highlights:
Appetizers:
1. Dan Dan Noodles (no meat) (Veg. friendly): Great, spicy sauce and tender noodles.
2. Scallion Pancakes (Veg. friendly): Amazing crispy, flaky, and so fragrant!
3. Mouth Watering Chicken (spicy): It wasn't too spicy but the chicken was very tender and very flavorful with a soy-based marinade.
4. Sesame Soy Brussels Sprouts: LOVED this!  The sweet and savory glaze was delish and the Brussels sprouts were cooked to a perfect slight char.

Entrees:
1. Dry Pot Chicken (Spicy): Very solid
2. Garlic Sauce Pork (Spicy): Sweet and savory with a nice blend of julienne veggies.  Great with rice!
3. Sichuan String Beans (Vegetarian friendly): Solid and very tender.
4. Double cooked fish: Crispy shell and soft, tender fillets.  Just be sure to eat it when it's hot to get the full effect.
5. Tofu and fish fillet casserole: Light and refreshing with plenty of lightly breaded fish fillets and soft tofu.  Have it mixed with white rice for a creamy, savory porridge.
6. Shredded beef with hot peppers: Very solid with plenty of spicy shredded beef.
7. 3 cup chicken: Still the best in Rittenhouse with plenty of whole garlic, shitake mushrooms, and a hint of basil.

If you have a group event, definitely call Jackson or Byanka.  They are extremely helpful and accommodating, and the service here is impeccable.  Our water was consistently filled and we got our food in less than 10 min!  Amazing!  Plus, the prices are great for the amount of quality food you get.
stopped in for dinner on 8/2/12, part of their soft open. food was fantastic. we ordered several of their appetizers as tapas, and a single entree.

the popcorn shrimp was amazing. the wasabi flavoring is amazing without the burn. 

the fried calamari was presented really well, and was plentiful. wasnt your typical deep fried calamari with marinara sauce

the lamb skewers could not have been cooked any better. 

the pan seared scallops with mango salsa was fantastic. great complimenting flavors. 

the lobster wasabi mashed was incredible. gotta love real potatoes getting mashed. the wasabi again was great and the lobster finishes the flavors out wonderfully. 

the tofu and asaparagus dish was a typical dish really, but with great sauce.

and the salmon with green curry as an entree was great. the salmon was cooked to perfection, although the curry flavor wasnt as present as i would've liked. the salmon definitely outpowered the curry. 

the decor was fantastic as well as the friendly and helpful staff.

kudos Jane G's, kudos
We dined on 29 January 2014, during restaurant week. We were a party of six, so we decided on the Chef's Tasting (12 dishes for parties of 3+). 

All I can say is WOW! Almost every single dish that was served was perfect. Their use of Szechuan peppers and oils is absolutely amazing. 

+++ Food Review +++

::: Dishes of particular notice are as follows: :::

Perfume Fish -- It was a flounder served in a broth with noodles, mildly spicy and perfectly balanced. The use of Chinese five spice in this dish was incredibly interesting.

Dumplings in Chili Sauce -- The use of the Szechuan peppers/oil was fantastic, and the balance of sweet and savory was perfect. 

The Beef/Tripe/Tendon (Cold) -- I usually don't go for beef tendon or tripe, but I tried it, and I have to say it was really good. 

Peking Duck -- Huge portions, and the buns/pacakes that were served with it were absolutely perfect. 

Chengdu Vermicelli -- Hands down, my favorite of the night. It left my mouth tingling with joy as the balance of sweet and savory with umame excited my taste buds. 

Kung Pao Chicken -- Standard kung pao, although it wasn't drenched in sauce and soggy. Had the perfect amount of nuts, veggies and meat. 

::: Dishes I'd probably skip in the future: :::

Oddly enough the "traditional Chinese food" dishes fell a little flat in my opinion: 

The Garlic Pork -- It didn't wow me, and it's usually my favorite for Chinese takeout. I felt it didn't have enough garlic, and was heavy on the pork and not the veggies. Seemed unbalanced.
 
The Beef Pepper Steak -- It was okay, it had a decent amount of veggies, but I just felt everything else was so wonderful, and that, well, was just plain. Perhaps that was good for our party though, as not everyone liked spicy food. 

The Egg with Tomato dish -- YUCK! Now, I also hate eggs with ketchup. It's a violation on my palate. Other people at my table loved it, so I think this is a personal dislike of the flavor combination and profiles. If you like ketchup on eggs, you'll probably like that dish. 

+++ Service Review +++

Service was generally great. They had one hiccup on an order of dumplings (they served four for a table of six), but they quickly rectified the problem. Multiple waiters/waitresses ensured that food was constantly being served, plates were replenished and drinks were filled. 

+++ Decor +++

Decor seemed nice enough, although I felt it was a little too dim at night. Acoustics of the restaurant can be a bit much if it's full.
I lived in China for 6 years, the food was decent - pretty close to actual Sichuan food. Although, I think restaurants in Chinatown tend to be more authentic.

There are two reasons I gave a low rating. I ordered four dishes: two appetizers and two entrees. The appetizers came fast but they forgot to cook our entrees. I waited over forty minutes between the appetizers and entrees being served. Not a disaster but still annoying. The server seemed to forget about our order, we had to remind him. Even two other servers asked if we were done when I had to say we were still waiting for our dishes.  The restaurant wasn't even packed, literally only 3 other couples in the restaurant at the time.

The other reason is that twice I went to the bathroom and each time a server was there, neither one washed their hands with soap even though they stood next to me while I clearly washed my hands with soap.  They simply rinsed hands with water!  Fortunately, no food poisoning happened, but I am unlikely to return.
The food is very good here...and you can spice it up. My suggestion is go to the max, it will give you a kick, but not unbearable. One of the must do dishes is the potstickers , they were the bomb. Staff is very nice...Christie was our server...she's good
