The ol' tummy is growling right now, and I'm wishing I had some amazing food from Distrito to make me feel all right. This restaurant looks like it was made with me in mind - it's pink and sparkly, for goodness sake - and it makes you happy the moment you walk in. Plus, there are Luchador masks on the wall, a car that you can eat in and a karaoke room. I'm sold.

The food is great - no surprise coming from my favorite chef, Jose Garces. I particularly went loco over the Huraches Los Hongos, Los Tacos de Hamachi and Los Callos (scallops). Back when I was drinking I also had a love affair with their Watermelon Margaritas (trust me, they pack a punch mightier than a full body slam).

This is where I want to go for my birthday. This is where I want to go for my anniversary. This is where I want to go for Hanukkah, Christmas, Grandparents Day and the Summer Solstice. I think you get my point. I'm a big fan.
After my previous review, a manager at Distrito reached out to me to discuss our experience.  She was extremely polite, apologetic, and understanding, and as a result of that talk we decided to go back and give them another try.  That's good customer service right there!  She also mentioned that they may be adding some entrees back to the menu from the old dinner menu, which made me quite excited - I will be sure to keep an eye out for menu changes!!

We went back for another dinner on Sunday evening and were extremely pleased.  Service was very attentive, the food was (as always) delicious, and we had an excellent time.  We had so much food, and we were so stuffed, that we asked for some of it to be boxed up.  And then we forgot it!  We felt like such jerks.  We were too far away to turn around and go back and get it.  We didn't leave our food because it wasn't good - we left it because we were stuffed silly and weren't thinking straight and forgot it.  lol  :)

I'm happy to keep Distrito in my restaurant rotation now that we've had that better experience.  :)  Many of my favorites remain on the current menu and I'm excited to see how they add to it with some of the old favorite entrees.  Thank you for listening to your customers, Distrito!
So how much do I love Distrito?  Between the lovely wife and me, together and separately, including lunch and dinner, with and without guests, we have accumulated twenty (20) visits!  This was the first Garces restaurant that turned us on to Jose's inspirational cuisine.

In the interests of brevity I'll just focus on dinner.  Virtually every visit we have chosen the tasting menu and never regretted it.  Actually there are two tasting menus with $45 and $55 price points.  Your wait person will tell you that the difference is the emphasis on seafood.  We have always selected the $45 version.

Something we appreciate is the ability to tweak the choices.  We have always found the wait staff to be very accommodating with respect to likes and dislikes.

Our tasting menu journey usually begins with the amazing guacamole.  It's almost embarrassing to watch us fight over every last tidbit.  Next is often a salad.  Every time it's a delicious blend of fruits or vegetables and a unique dressing.  Many times we have enjoyed a flatbread often with delicious mushrooms.  Carne Asada is common and it has always been cooked perfectly for us.  A side of savory black beans and rice is routine.  One time my wife enjoyed a rabbit casserole.  She talked about it for days!  It just seems that the course go on and on with desert included of course.  It's an excellent value.

Some folks call the cuisine at Distrito modern Mexican.  Others call it Mexican fusion.  I just call it delicious!
I decided to write an update, not because my rating has changed, but because I cannot get over how much I love this restaurant, and I forgot to gush about how awesome it was the last time I was here! I came here for my birthday, during the University Dining Days (I'm assuming that this is similar to CCD Restaurant Week), and was pleasantly surprised when I came with enough people to order everything they offered on the limited UDD menu to share with the entire table. Although some items were unfortunately a little too small to share between 6 people, I was able to taste everything (birthday girl gets some priority with the food!).

The particularly memorable items (even half a year later):

- Cucumber mojitos
- Ceviche de Camarones (fresh)
- Esquites (corn, cheese, lime, and spice in a tall cup - seriously what is not amazing about this?)
- Guacamole (solely for the fact that this with the chips and salsa were ridiculously addictive)
- Tacos (specifically the mahi mahi!)
- Salmon a la Plancha (luxuriously silky fish)
- Brazo Gitano (I have scoured the internet for a recipe similar to the way they make it here, and have come up with nothing. There is a little hole in my heart because of this.)

This is to say, nothing that was served, at least on the Dining Days menu, was even slightly bad. Just the ones I listed were so good that I am sitting in my room, six months later, still dreaming of them. I will never not order the Esquites.

The table we sat at was beautiful! The chairs were fun as well - they were pretty much just benches on swings. The ambiance is modern, upbeat, and just all around fun - far from traditional and conservative. In terms of service, our waiter was polite, quick, knowledgeable about the menu and he dished out some great recommendations.

I don't know. I guess maybe the price would be off putting, but Distrito does have happy hour, so you can control how much/little you'd like to have/spend. But otherwise, this is one of my favorite places in the city, and I will always recommend it.
I HATE to give a bad review, but in this case I'm hoping to save/salvage this restaurant & its LANDSLIDE into MEDIOCRITY & ultimate FAILURE. After-all, when I first started writing reviews, my self-appointed nickname was "The Constructive Critic", b/c I TRULY want to HELP businesses to SUCCEED, therefore, I ONLY write a "poor" (1-star) review if I have suggestions & feel the establishment NEEDS to be SAVED/is WORTH Saving.

José NEEDS to get back in here and COMMANDEER this ship. As far as I saw Monday night, he'd be ASHAMED to have his good name associated with this "joint". 

Picked my mom up from 30th Street station & I regretfully SUGGESTED this place, that I had been to twice before.

Mom ordered quesadillas with braised beef & I had crab enchiladas.

First, the beef quesadillas were HUMONGOUS, WAY TOO BIG, and not easily picked up & eaten by hand as we're used to. They were also EXTREMELY GREASY & just NOT GOOD AT ALL; FLAVORLESS.

Next, my crab enchiladas were almost ALL VEGGIES (corn, etc) with VERY LITTLE Crab meat; EXTREMELY Disappointing, considering I USUALLY always get a chicken or a beef enchilada, (not big on seafood w/ a Mexican dish, cause I usually like my crustaceans sans cheese). On this particular occasion I was kinda sick of chicken and crab was the ONLY other alternative & the VERY NICE waiter suggested it so I went with it. I was not happy.

Even the Margaritas, which are USUALLY my SAVING GRACE were UNREMARKABLE, BLAND, TEPID, MEDIOCRE. I had a frozen strawberry which was NOT WORTH the Xtra dolores, & was in NO WAY, FRESH & a regular/house lime on the rocks which was HORRIBLE, tasted like a VERY BLAND MIX with NOOOO ALCOHOL in it (NOT saying there was NONE, but I DIDN'T taste it).

Needless to say, this place could use Gordon Ramsay or at the very least its VERY OWN Proprietor, Mr Garces. I noticed there are VERY FEW, if ANY CURRENT/Recent Good Reviews here.

I LOVE the idea of/concept of this place & I WANT them to stick around/succeed; so please take heed of my advice. You CAN do BETTER than this Distrito. And I certainly HOPE you WILL.
I dropped by Distrito for a quick power lunch while visiting the Penn campus.

First thing that came to mind as I soaked in the hot-pink, faux-Mexican façade: "Damn, they didn't have *anything* like this when I was an undergrad."

Second thing that came to mind once I scoped out the interior: "Damn, Jose Garces totally ripped off the look of El Vez.  Stephen Starr must be pissed."

Needless to say, I had a little trepidation.  Most of it melted away when I took a seat at the long and comfortable bar and made some friendly smalltalk with the ridiculously good-looking bartender.  I then saw that Distrito offers a two-course lunch special (drink included!) for just $15.  It sounded like a good deal money-wise, but the food quality was decidedly mixed. 

To start, I had a bowl of sopa de calabaza (butternut squash soup with crab, pepitas, and crema).  This I liked a lot.  It was warm and comforting and satisfying - perfect on a bone-chillingly cold Philly day.

For course #2, I gave the huarache de costillas (flatbread with short rib, queso, and radish) a try.  This dish wasn't good at all.  The flatbread was soaked in so much grease that the other flavors were indiscernible.  Also, the short rib was massively overcooked, tough, and stringy.

Yeah, so.... Distrito is a solidly average spot.  That soup gives me hope for future improvement, though.
:: the birthday kid, part IV, ie the next birthday kid ::

my special day(s) came and went....and a month later, it was the boy's turn to celebrate. since he had treated me to a starr dinner for mine, i chose to return the favor by taking him to a garces locale. reservations were slim pickins as his birthday fell during restaurant week, but distrito wasn't participating, so we were able to secure prime time seating sans limitation of a set menu or being forced into 3 courses we hadn't the room for.

surrounded by abundant shades of pink - thankfully more swank than steel magnolias - and luchadors aplenty, the scene was certainly festive. we steered away from the pink for our drinks, each ordering a blue demon mojito, made with mixed berries. rounds 2 & 3, however, we both opted for regular mojitos, which we agreed were superior in their simplicity. in lieu of bread, distrito provides a basket of spicy nuts - a welcome alternative to the typical pre-meal munchies.

having recently been dazzled by the yellowtail ceviche at alma de cuba, the boy was instantly set on ordering the hamachi to start his birthday feast at distrito. sadly, it didn't hold a candle to his previous yellowtail love-fest....or so i took his word for it. i began with the chilango chop salad, a colorful mix of baby arugula, watercress, green apples, dried cranberries & spiced pecans with a honey-lime yogurt dressing. it was crisp, refreshing and a perfect size for two...which worked out well since the boy was digging my salad more than his ceviche.

while sharing of small plates is the M.O. at all garces establishments, our different dietary preferences led us to each order our own entrees, along with a side of tasty sweet plantains for the sharing. the birthday boy selected tacos (pollo? carnitas?) which he enjoyed, but didn't find especially memorable. and clearly, neither did i. 

much to the chagrin of my funghi-fearing flame, i chose the los hongos - described by our server as a mini mexican pizza - which featured forest mushrooms, huitlacoche sauce, queso mixto, black truffle and corn shoots atop a thick corn tortilla. the presentation was lovely...the aroma enticing...the taste divine. so much so that mr. mushroom hater even cut himself off a piece - and liked it!

too full for dessert, i paid our [not-too-outrageous] bill and we headed out...but not before inquiring with management about the impressive luchador wall. for anyone who's ever wondered, they have had to replace about 25 stolen masks over the past year, and have had even more thwarted attempts. dangit, there went my idea for a memorable bday present!!
I ate at Distrito on Saturday night for my friend's birthday party.  First of all, I love the decor because it's extra girly!  The walls are Pepto Bismol pink, the chairs are covered in a sort of gimp (also known as "boondoggle" - think 1980's summer camp and friendship bracelets) - totally funky and fun! 

Sean, our waiter, was pretty attentive.  

I ordered a Strawberry Boing, which was ok, nothing spectacular though.  Now on to the food.  The food at Distrito is *sigh* GLORIOUS!  I ordered the Queso Fundido, which is like this duck and cheese bake.  They give you these mini tortillas and you can either spoon the QF out and put it on the tortillas or just eat it directly from the baker.  Keep in mind, they serve tapas, so the portions are small.  I also ordered the Platano y Crema (sweet fried plantain with cheese), which doesn't sound all that hot, but it tastes ABSOLUTELY delicious!  My friend ordered the Esquites, which is like this sweet corn, cheese and lime parfait - again doesn't sound too appetizing, but I tasted it and it was fabulous!  We also shared the Encarnacion nachos which were also really good.

 It's rare that you go to a restaurant with a large group and EVERYONE enjoys their food.  Seriously though, I could go back to Distrito to-night!  So for glorious food and fun decor, Distrito gets 5 stars!
I have been holding out on my review of Distrito and wanted it to be my 150th review. And what better way to have my 150th review when watching the finale of "The Next Iron Chef". 

The luchador decor is crazy cool. I feel like that it is trying to rival El Vez, but the fact that it's a Garces restaurant makes everything better :) I'm all about outrageous colors and such, but somehow this works. I really love the main pink and green color scheme that you encounter when you enter.

My friend and I started with the Nachos Ignacio which were alright. I would have liked to see something more exotic on the dish, but we did finish the dish so I can't complain. Those spicy nuts [no crude jokes, guys!] they serve while you wait for your food are pretty damn spicy. 

The highlight of the meal: I can still taste that poblano mole in my mouth with such succulent duck breast, mmmmm. Oh, how I miss it. That alone warrants another visit for me. I would like to order in this bulk lol. Also, I'm a sucker for frozen drinks, so my friend's frozen orange drink was promptly devoured mostly by me as I also had my Luchador.

Bonus for this restaurant: more seating than any other Garces establishment, so wait time is low. Only drawback is that I have to trek out by UPenn. Boo. Hopefully I can dine in the car one day to make up for this.

Jose Garces, you are the f*cking man.
I'm not a foodie, but I loved Distrito. The best way to describe the decor is Barbie's Mexican villa. And I mean that in the best way possible. The food was great, especially the guacamole (to die for) and the carnitas tacos. The margaritas were among the best I've ever had. I would recommend the house or grapefruit.

I was there for a company event, but will definitely be going back with friends.
After a potluck dinner, a few friends and I decided to pop in for a drink at the bar.

We just wanted a drink and so we sat on the stools in the Cantina and waited. About 25 minutes later (and after the bartender told us about three times she'll be right with us), she finally took our drink order. 

I was craving a sangria and since I would give my firstborn child for the ones at Amada, I though, "Hey, should be relatively similar, right?" Wrong.

Our experience only got worse from there: 
1. We sat there without drinks and without being asked for anything else. I definitely could have had another one: but did they bother? No.
2. Was the sangria good? No, it wasn't. The fruit didn't taste very fresh and it was TINY. 
3. Bathrooms? There was one women's bathroom which was not "Out of Order" and it smelled like beer. 
4. One of my friends left and paid for his drink - ie, as at a normal bar: closed out his tab. Then, we got the rest of the check and everything was clumped together on one check with a 20%  tip included. Really? You DID not deserve a 20% tip. We did not ask for the same check - which is why we sat at the bar and not the table. We then got another person come to us (who wasn't the person who gave us the drinks) and tell us that they can't separate the checks. 
5. After we were there for about 2 hours (most of which time, we spent waiting...) my buddy asked for a glass of water. The guy at the bar who was cleaning up (yes, they were closing in about 10 minutes after that) told him they're closed and no, that he can't have a glass of water. My buddy incredulously asked again, "Really? I can't have a glass of water?" at which point, the guy reluctantly agreed.
6. This experience really upset me: I would rather go to POD for their trendy ambiance. The wait staff there is attentive, friendly, professional, and yes, it's expensive, but at least you're getting something for the money.

The food at Distroto is just glorified Mexican - which is fine, but this is nothing special. I've eaten here with a friend once before and really I wasn't impressed. (At that point, I would have given it 3 stars.... these experiences yesterday knocked it down to 1.)  My recommendation? Save your pennies and eat/drink elsewhere. Next time I get a Sangria craving, there's nothing stopping me from trekking downtown to Amada or if I'm lazy I'll settle for a cosmo at POD.

Distrito, you disappoint.
Tried this place for the first time and it totally blew me away! The food was excellent, staff were incredible, and the seating was very unique!

This spot is well known for their great margs and amazing Mexican food. This being said, the food did not disappoint. I had a very flavorful and large chicken and cheese quesadilla as well as the birria tacos and cornbread. All the food came looking very pleasant and extremely fast. 

The birria tacos tasted amazing and the sauce made the night! I have to also shout out the server who was extremely friendly and always checked in with us throughout the night. 

The cornbread was also a very tasty and unique side as it came in a skillet. This cornbread really had some nice flavor and a little kick! 

The drinks here are also very good and not pricy at all. They are worth it and much better than the other similar style places in the area. 

The location is pretty big and was fairly busy when we went. Despite this, we easily got a table and got served fast.  Some of the more interesting seating such as the car table and swing seats may be more desired by people, so definitely make your reservation for those. 

Overall this place was a great experience and totally worth trying. Prices are great and the staff are wonderful! I will be back!
I love food when it comes down to it. I work hard and like to eat well. My friend recommended this place. Mexican inspired fusions food. I was so excited to try it. Even went ahead and picked a few menu items before I got home from work.

We had a late reservation on a Saturday night. As we got there it was not packed. We were seated right away. The ambience is retro with touches of Mexican wrestlers mask. Cool. We were taken up some steps and into the main dinning room. Very cool decor.

As we were seat our server came and introduced herself. I didn't hear her name. She took our drink order. And then our food order after. Here's our break down.

3 Frida Kahlo $55
2 Jefe Margrhitas $15
1 Roja Sangria $8
Totaled $203

Not a problem. I never send food back or complain. But let me break down, down what we received.

Salsa Mexicana $7
Guacamole $10 (crab meat was thrown in)
Chilango Chop $12 (very small portion)
Ceviche De Atun $14 (6 tiny slice of tuna)
3 Taco De Carnitas 3.5 ea. (Pulled pork, black bean spread, pineapple salsa - super dried with no flavor)
Platano Y Crema $4
Huarache De Hongos $12 (Flat bread with mushroom and black truffles)
Esquites $5 (served smaller then the actual large cup)
Entomatado De Pollo $17
Refried Beans $3
Small citrus salad (not on the menu)
Pulp Al Carbon $15
Churros $7
2 Jefe Margrhitas $15
1 Roja Sangria $8
Grand Total $161.50

All of this on the regular menu would have costed us just $161.50 so that small salad that was not on the menu would have costed us $41.50 that only was 1 serving size.

I would not recommend the Frida Kahlo because this tasting did not elevate my experience of Mexican inspired dishes. Some dishes were tasty and others were rather blah. All the dishes were really serving size for 1 or 2 people. It rather elevated our pockets of $218 and some change. We tipped $45 to the server for her services.

After this meal, my friend mentioned to Caitlin (our server), who brought the manager over. She took off our drinks. Which brought our bill down to $178 and some change. Changed our dessert to the Torte de Queso (coffee cheese cake). It was a nice gesture but did not fulfill our dinner disappointment. 

Was still hungry after I left. Food is my thing and I don't discriminate. This had to be one of those moments where I would rethink my food options of a famous eatery vs a local fav. I am picking local vs chains. Jose Garcias chains is a no go for me in the future.  Money is not an issue when it comes to food.
MEH....
I thought the food was OKAY and slightly overpriced.  Then again, I'm a lover of street Mexican food.  Still to this day the best tacos I've had were in little hole-in-the-wall joints on the streets of Mexico.  Don't get me wrong; I "get" fine-dining Mexican food.  I just really think you lose a lot of the flavors and authenticity.  For example, not a single dish I had was in the slightest bit spicy.  

There were some new flavors I've never had in Mexican food.  But it wasn't anything especially great or exciting.  Like their shrimp ceviche was sweet, lacked acidity, and was in a thick sauce.  Not consistent with any flavors of traditional ceviche, but I guess it was different?  Lie, it just wasn't very good.  

As for drinks, I was given a shot of tequila to pour into Mexican sprite-like soda.  Kinda lame. 

Aside from that, the decor was almost reminiscent of a Steven Starr restaurant.  I guess modern kitsch is in??  Go figure.  

However, I must say that I do appreciate establishments moving out to West Philly.  I'm going to try this place out again.  I'm hoping I went on a bad night, because I want to find nice places to eat in West Philly.
Went to Distrito last night for the joe's birthday with a party of 9, and the Diego Rivera tasting was the way to go for our large party.  We each left the table stuffed full of extremely delicious food.  24 hours later, we still can't stop thinking about how delicious the food was.  For all you celiac sufferers out there, they were wildly accommodating of our wheat-intolerant group member and my silly little (and by little, I mean serious) fish allergy!

My only complaint is that when I attempted to make the reservation almost a full week in advance, I got the run around.  My initial call to the restaurant directed me to call the Garces Restaurant Group (i.e. local corporate) office during business hours so I could talk to the event planner to make my reservation for 10 (he informed me that a party over 8 qualifies as an event).  As difficult as it was to make a personal call during my own business hours, GRG informed me that 12 and over is an event and she couldn't confirm a party of 10 for me, but she'd have someone from the restaurant call me to confirm the reservation (after requesting my credit card # to hold the reservation).  No one called me back, so I had to call the restaurant again and inform them of their alleged corporate policy.  And no, I wasn't going to repeat my CC# to someone else because corporate had it.  Ugh.
Wow. Seriously wow. You took El Vez and you made it a little better and a little more expensive, but you also made the food a little more authentico. I will admit that the ambiance and décor may not be everyone's cup of tea, but for me it worked in that "once-in-a-while" way. The servers were all attractive 20-somethings and hey, who doesn't appreciate that. 

Food. OMG where to start. We came in and went on a feeding frenzy/ rampage. We ordered everything (ok, not everything, but we ordered a ton). The Octopus civeche was a hard decision to make but I'm glad you all suggested it. It was awesome. It was unlike anything I've ever eaten both in texture and in flavor. +5 for that one. Next? The huaraches! Holy hell, those things were good. Nice flavor, even better presentation, and they were fun to eat. They were like little Mexican flat bread pizzas with a dope drizzle. The taco's were small but packed a punch too. We had the Kobe Beef tacos (srsly, Kobe Beef in a TACO???!!?), and the carnitas tacos. They were really pretty little taco delights. Then we had pork belly in some sort of Mexican format which was seriously the most succulent food I've ever eaten. I wanted more of it. There was also a duck and cheese bake that came with warm tortillas to wrap it in. At this point I was plenty full and plenty drunk as we went through about 4 pitchers of the dopest margaritas you've ever had. Blood orange, passion fruit, the El Heffe and there was one more... 

But wait, there was one final dish... The fried chicken. OMG. It was panko crusted and fried to perfection. It came with an amazing dipping sauce and then right there, I died. I had a heart attack.

EVERYTHING tasted amazing. It was not cheap. It IS a tapas restaurant. Bring your wallet. Bring your appetite because you aren't going to want to stop eating.

I will be back.
My second visit to Distrito was a solid 4 star experience.  My friend and I had early dinner reservations and I had requested a table upstairs.  When the hostess tried to seat us next to one of the only occupied tables, I asked that we instead be seated in one of the many open booths for two.  Instead of simply walking us over, she asked us to wait at the table while she called down to the front desk.  We stood there awkwardly in the middle of the dining area while she did this.  Having been a hostess, I realize there is a server rotation and the tables are numbered and in sections.  However, there is no reason for people to be seated on top of each other in an otherwise empty dining room.  We were granted access to the booth and all went smoothly after that. 

Our server was great with answering questions and making recommendations.  We started with margaritas but they didn't really do anything for me so I switched to beer after one, although my friend stayed on with them.  We ordered guacamole and salsa, which were both very good, if overpriced (a pretty common theme in the restaurant, actually).

For dinner, I absolutely had to order the guisados that I had tried a couple weeks prior, as well as the carnitas tacos, with pulled pork, black beans and pineapple salsa.  The tacos were presented really nicely and were absolutely fantastic.  My friend had the hamachi tacos, which were so pretty that I wanted to take a picture.  Jose Garces really hits the nail on the head with creating dishes that are as visually pleasing as they are delicious. 

Throughout the meal, our water glasses were never empty, because there was always someone swinging by to fill them up and clear plates.  We were visited several times by our server as well as other waitstaff to see how things were going and if we needed anything.

Despite really enjoying the food, service and overall experience, something is still keeping me from bumping to five stars.  Still, I look forward to my next visit!
Maldiga este alimento es bueno, but quite a departure from his other places. Its nice to see a restauranteur in town with the cooking to back it up (take note Mr. Star). Jose puts out some serious deliciousness in all his endeavors and Distrito is no exception.

I arrived a late to meet my dinner party so everything had been ordered already. I had no idea what was being brought out, but I eat it all with gusto.

I don't drink anything with fruit in it, so I'll have to take my friends' word that the watermelon margaritas were delicious. I'll stick to rocks and salt, but to each their own.

Only criticism is its LOUD. But I think this of many fine eateries in town. I hate to deprive my dinner companions of my witty and salient comments.

Anyway... delicious food Jose does it again - Mucho gusto!
I went here with my boyfriend for his birthday. To preface this review, he knows Mexican food and as a consequence of that, I know way more about Mexican food than I ever wanted or needed to know. We cook it 3 to 4 times per week, I'm not exaggerating. 

When we got there, it wasn't very busy. You probably wouldn't need a reservation most weekday nights. So we took our time and had a drink at the bar, took everything in. The interior is just plain fun and over the top. It would be a great place for a party. The colors are insane and the neon lights and marquee are great touches. They did not half-ass any element, it is all about sensory overload. 

The food was amazing. It is, obviously, tapas, so the dishes are small. Honestly, I couldn't imagine eating an entire plate of any of these dishes, they are insanely rich. I was kind of full after 2 dishes, then again I'm the cheapest date ever, but we ordered 7 between the two of us and it was more than enough.

Here is what we had:
Chips & salsa - fresh chips, salsa not from a jar. Not very spicy, but I appreciate how small everything was diced (it made me feel like a lazy salsa cook).
Camarones Ceviche - possibly our favorite dish. Nice spice to it, a lot of flavor, not too fishy, tender shrimp paired with crunchy plantain chips. Just divine.
Los Hongos Huarache- a mushroom lover's dream. I adored the huitlacoche element of it. The sweet corn really made it a great dish.
Hamachi Tacos - this is also a contender for best dish. It was like the best fishstick ever, plus red cabbage, avocado, a creamy sauce, and lime. It was crunchy and creamy and fishy, but not too fishy. 
Tamale - this is how pork should taste.
Poblano Mole - as a lover of both duck and mole, this dish was mind blowing. Duck gets paired with sweet elements a lot, so it was nice to have it in a savory dish instead. The mole was lovely and complex, the way moles should be. It could have very easily been an overwhelming experience, due to the inherent richness of its elements, but it was very well balanced.
Tres Leches - awesome. I loved the meringue, it was very marshmallowy. And whatever that sauce was (my best guess is mango-lime) I wanted to lick it off the plate. This is a good tres leches for people who normally find the cake too soggy.

The spiced nuts at the beginning of the meal and the mango gelee palate cleanser at the end were lovely, too. The nuts are way better than El Vez, by the way. The thing that stands out in my memory the most was the use of cilantro sprouts. Not only are they lovely and tender, but they require less processing than full grown cilantro. I kept thinking it was such a good idea. 

(Side note: I think some of their serving and dishware is from CB2, so now you know in case you totally wanted that chip bowl.)

Our drinks were Dos Equis Amber, Hemingway, and something with grapefruit I can't remember the name of. The bartender and our server were great. They were enthusiastic about about everything on the menu and were happy to make recommendations. The service was less hectic than Tinto, we never had more than two dishes on our table at once.

We had some fun with the claw machine, almost got a maraca. The bathrooms are individual stall rooms, with a community sink outside. 

Overall, it was a great meal. Garces really captures the actual soul of the cuisines he presents, not just the essence like other restaurateurs. I still love Amada the most out of the three, but I'll definitely be back.
for a place that is only one week old i was very impressed with distrito! it very much showed they were a new place, but thankfully not in the areas where it mattered. service was genuine and friendly (which is obviously what they were aiming for). decor is wild and pink! there's bar space aplenty which i loved. food was really, really good. i let the bar staff take care of me with their own recommendations to make a tasting menu. i had:

- a margarita

- a carefully concocted cocktail called a hemingway, a mix of grapefruit juice, maraschino cherry and chile-infused tequila (and possibly a few other things). it works.

- a very simple tomato salad - big thick juicy tomato slices with sliced avocado atop, and a lemon olive oil dressing with tons of herbs. so simple, so good. long live tomatoes.

- a spicy shrimp ceviche with plantains

- quesadillas, which were yummy little moons of summer squash perfectly fried and salty with some black bean and avocado puree on the side. mmm so good! they looked like funky little samosas. actually, thinking back on it, the perfect little eye trick (because they look indian) would be to add a red tomato salsa to the black bean and avocado purees, which could have passed for tamarind and mint chutneys, respectively. the tomato one might fool the eye to be an onion chutney. just a thought. :) anyway, as i voiced to anyone who would listen, quesadillas are practically a derogatory term to call these little mexican samosas. when you think quesadilla, you think (or at least i think) floppy stale triangles filled with subpar melty cheese. probably the best thing i had.

- fish tacos with ?radish? garnish. these were tasty, however unmemorable compared to the rest. honestly, they weren't fishy enough. probably because they were fried. i'd switch out the fish for one that doesn't need deep frying, blacken it instead, and then it would be gorgeous and fishy.

the only reasons i mentioned previously they seem like a new resto are small overlookable things. a few glasses broken, a few over-anxious (to describe the dishes) runners who sometimes got ahead of themselves and had to think back on their ingredients list. none of that is stuff i mind. for a place that's only been open a few days i was impressed.

all in all very happy with my last-minute distrito decision (a friend had texted me about his experience there which i read while i was on train just outside 30th st station, and made a last minute call and exited the train for an early dinner!). oh, and i should mention there is a cute (but not open yet) private karaoke room (very cute). oh, and the bathroom doors are very confusing and hard to lock after 2 strong drinks. that's not like me!
My girls and I got together for an afternoon flick followed by dinner at Distrito.  We had a 6:15 reservation on a Sunday night, but the first floor was practically deserted when we walked in, save for a family who was seated in the car table.  The upstairs was a bit livelier but not by much.  We were seated in a large booth and my friend immediately traded in her plate, which was dirty, and her glass of water, which contained an insect.  Things were pretty smooth after that, though.

The decorations and atmosphere are very colorful and fun, but didn't really do anything for me.  Also, it was a very cold night and the thermostat was not adjusted accordingly.  We were all a little chilly at our table by the window.

Our server looked like he was straight out of Miami in those unfortunate white pants.  They were very distracting but did make for a memorable uniform.  He was quick with taking our drink and dinner orders, but we didn't see much of him after that, until we were ready for dessert.  He might have gotten another round out of us had he stopped by mid-meal.  

As for the food, favorites were the encarnacion nachos, the guisados huaraches and the quesadilla.  The guacamole was good, but not as good as the guac at El Vez and the chilango chop salad was tasty, but the pecans and green olives in the salad seemed like an odd combination to me.  We also tried the enchilada de cangrejo, which was okay but not something I would order again.  

The coffee at the end of my meal was very good, but the churros with coffee ice cream and Mexican hot chocolate did not even come close to the ones served at Café Apamate on South St.  

I'm hovering between three and four stars.  The location of Distrito would keep me from returning more than anything else, because I did like the food and the servers were all very nice.  Four it is!
ok, i get it now.

i have tried SO hard to avoid this place in the 5 years that i've been here. why, you ask? because me and mexican food just do not mix. me and tequila? you might as well hold me hostage and torture me, because there's no difference in my book. 

[example: when it came my turn to order a drink, i ordered the hemingway -- recommended by the server because of its supposed closeness to my love of whiskey. yea, that failed. totally tequila-tasting and totally saccharine. should've just stuck with the sangria since i detest all things tequila.]

by a twist of fate, i was forced to come here for a client meeting. and i'm so glad that someone finally opened my eyes to this place.

let's start with the decor. this place is BRIGHT and FUN. the explosion of colors and cool furniture make dining here an experience unparalleled by any of jose garces's other restaurants.

we had the $55 tasting menu, and it was spectacular. i don't really remember everything that came out, mostly because i'm bad with spanish names and because there was SO MUCH FOOD.

RECOMMENDED STANDOUTS: 
1. langosta (lobster) tacos
2. carnitas (pulled pork) tacos
3. pork tamales
4. pulpo (octopus) ceviche
5. hiramasa (chilean sea bass) ceviche

HONORABLE MENTION:
1. plantains
2. creamy corn rice
3. enchilada de pollo

i'm a carnivore, obvi.

so maybe what i should've said is that i don't like americanized mexican food. but latin-inspired mexican food is a whole other story. if you like latin american cuisine, you'll love distrito!
First a little translation... "upscale mexican" = expensive with portions that look like they were hit with a shrink-ray gun (i.e. enchiladas that you can eat in 2 bites).  If you can get passed that minor issue, the place is unique and wonderful.  The decor is so much cooler than you'd expect - there seem to be about 3 servers for every diner - and the food is amazing.  The truffle/mushroom flatbread and the chicken enchilada were standouts on the menu.
Since Yelp doesn't give half stars, I have to say that this is really a 3.5 star rating, but when push comes to shove, I'm giving 3 stars.

Here is what I had the chance to eat this past Saturday night, starting with my favorite dishes up top to my least favorite dishes at the bottom:

1. Tuna ceviche
2. Jalapeno corn bread
3. Grilled octopus

4. Chicken tacos
5. Carnitas tacos
6. Chicken enchilada
7. Short rib flatbread
8. Lamb tacos
9. Carne kobe tacos

10. Guacamole and chips
11. Rice and beans
12. Mahi mahi tacos
13. Plantains

I have to be honest, I was very skeptical of the ceviche as I had an extremely bad experience with ceviche in the past, but it ended up being my absolute favorite part of the meal. It was seriously so delicious I can't even describe it. The jalapeno corn bread was also amazing, and the honey on the top of the cornbread made for a sweet crystalized topping. The octopus was delicious as well, and perfectly cooked and tender.

The things listed 4-9 were all very good, but there's nothing special to say about them. The chicken tacos were much juicier than I anticipated, and the lamb tacos were a big, big hit at our table. I personally wasn't as obsessed as my friends, but that's OK.

The two things that I really didn't like were the Mahi Mahi tacos (which we all agreed tasted like a fish stick) and the plantains, which were extremely soggy and mushy, despite my friend asking for them cooked extra crispy. None of us finished the plaintains.

Now on to the other aspects of this joint...the service was good - but my one complaint was that the waitstaff looked pretty disheveled. One girl in particular looked like she hadn't brushed her hair for a week. 

Overall I think we ordered too much food for 4 people, as 8-10 dishes would have covered it. The tacos come in sets of 3, but they will make them in other increments so you can share easily with your table. We got 4 tacos for every order, and we shared every item. I liked that I got to try so many things, but the bill really added up. It was about $300.00 when all was said and done (there were two tequila flights in there). So, while on the surface things may seem cheap, the dishes are very small and you have to order at least 2 per person to feel full.
I used to work at Penn. However, Penn decided I was not a good fit. Well had they not discovered this i would have never had lunch at Distrito.

They have this insanely awesome lunch deal, if I was not living off unemployment I would eat here every day! 

For fifteen bucks you get 
1.choice of iced tea or soda.
2. choice of appetizer...if its a big group someone get guac, someone get the chopped salad, and so forth and share tapas style. If it's just you get the chopped salad with buttermilk dressing. Oh how I love the chopped salad. it has pecans in it. I love pecans. I want to marry spiced pecans.
3. Choice of Taco or other lunch like entree ( you can see the lunch menu online)
I had the pulled pork tacos.....amazing buttery soft moist divine pork with pineapple salsa. 
My veggie friends shared entrees...they had the yellow fin tacos ( which one of my friends always gets at this joint...she says they are awesome) and the other friend had the mushroom flat bread pizza like thing. I'm not a big fan of mushrooms, but the two of them raved over it.

Now, the chopped salad normally when we go to Distrito for dinner we share. When you have a whole salad in front of you for lunch and the tacos you actually get quite full! Which was awesome. A great garces joint, reasonable lunch and left full.

My only complaint is the limited dessert options at lunch. Because I love churros. Love love love churros. 

So, trek out to Distrito for lunch. Also the lunch waitstaff is much more attentive than dinner!
This place ROCKS my world.
The only complaint would be the noise level (we went on a Saturday Night) and the frenetic pace in which the courses were served - but heck - with all that yumminess going around - no complaints here.

I started with a Distrito (read: basic) margarita - rocks, light salt rim - and wow - SO great.  I can judge the margarita when there is no fruit muddled in, no chi-chi twists, just pure Margarita goodness.

My dining companion and I both started with salads - the chopped salad - topped with crispy tortilla strips in a luscious buttermilk-chipotle dressing, and the GRENADA - you HAVE to try this in season - it is topped with a layer of jewel-like pomegranates and roasted pepitas.  Crunchy, crisp and fruity with a bite from the pequin.  YUM-I-NESS!!!

Then we had the House-made chips, salsa and guacamole (10 - yikes!).  The chips and salsa were top notch and re-orderable - but with all the other great things to eat this is (*gasp* - can't believe I'm about to say this...)...

...the first time that Guacamole was an afterthought for me at a Mexican restaurant.

Xochitl's guac was better - had a better flavor profile and was table-side prepared.  Not so at Distrito.

Anyhow, we had a superb side order on Plantains & Crema (De-lump-scious).

My friend had the chicken tacos (not so great - sauce seemed to be an odd concontion of Hot Sauce, Sugar and Barbecue sauce.  Not a fave - but still edible.  I had the "quesdailla" - which looked more like fried pierogies, stuffed with w super-yummy pumpkin (calabaza) and cheese mix.  So decadent.

We were sooooo full by now - but could not resist the Churros - and were we glad we ordered them.  (Even better than Xochitl's)  9 mini churritos sprinkled with a vanilla bean sugar and served with a small (wish there was more...) scoop of home-made coffee ice cream  (WOW!!!!) and a tall shot glass full of warm Mexican chocolate and a top layer of dulche du leche.  ADDICTIVE!!!!    One could have easily downed the shot and licked the glass.

On weekends (we were in luck) there is a talented Mariachi singer.  He belted out Billy Joel's "Piano Man" in Spanish.  Service was attentive but I did feel rushed - especially when nearly everything came out at once - it was like "SENSORY OVERLOAD".  Our great looking male server helped!  It was also very, very loud in there.

I would like to come back her on a Tuesday at 5 PM or another "off time" so I can hear myself think.
I hovered between 4 & 5 stars and went with the five - because it really is a remarkable restaurant.  (Much better than Tinto.  I am jonsein' to finally try Amada.)

The bill for 2 including - only 1 alcoholic drink - tip & tax was exactly $80.00.
Immediate observations: Small plate (order 2-3 dishes per person), the decor is as much of the experience as the food, expensive.  This is definitely a special occasion restaurant!! 

Obviously a world class chef, and owner worked together to create Distrito.  I've been twice, both times the food was amazing.  Distrito uses high ingredients that are in season and fresh, the flavors were wonderful.  Each ingredient was distinguishable yet they complimented every other ingredient.  Flavors were not conveyed using grease and the food is not overly salted like most Mexican cuisine.  A lot of attention is payed to presentation at Distrito, but never at the expense of quality or taste.  The service was very good, not excellent.  This leads me to my only complaints, small plate restaurants should be experts at timing.  Dishes should come out one after another at perfectly coordinated intervals.  There were long lags during both of my visits.  Last, servers shouldn't have to ask who ordered what when the food is brought to the table, that information should be conveyed if a server is going to delegate the task.
Expect to spend ~$35 per person. Cocktails seemed to be ~$12.  Visited 7pm and 9pm, Sat and Fri, respectively.
In a single word:  Disappointed.

Came here recently with just the wife for our Anniversary dinner.  We had been here a long time ago with friends and had an awesome, probably 5-star night.  Not this time.

The restaurant was not too full, but a large party in the next room overtook all of the silence and it was difficult to make out any conversation.  We had to ask our inattentive waiter to repeat himself several times.  Tables seemed to be turning over relatively quickly, but my wife and I felt we were pretty much ignored throughout our meal.  I even noticed that a non-waiter staff had to start going around to tables to get drink orders or ask if refills were wanted.

The food was mixed:
Guacamole - I make better guacamole at home, but this was ok with the house chips.  Small portion for $10.
Nachos Ignacio - probably the best thing of the night and the wife and I could of been satisfied with these wonderful nachos with beans, tomato, queso, jalapeno, crema, and cilantro.
Ceviche de Camarones - I liked this a lot and had plenty of shrimp.  Very tasty.
Tacos Carnitas and Mahi Mahi Tacos - each a set of three tiny 2-bite tacos which my wife enjoyed a lot.  She really liked the fish ones.  
Queso Fundito - Duck with queso - a complete huge blob of greasy cheese and hard-to-find duck that was inedible.  I had to have this returned and taken off the bill.

I had a couple of house margaritas - first one was perfect, second one overly strong.

Based on what we got overall, I'm glad we did not do the Chef Tasting menus.  We seemed to like mostly what we got, but nothing was so special as I remember the first time we were here.

I'm also disappointed that when I made the reservation, they specifically ask if it's for a special occasion.  I told them our anniversary, and then a couple days later when they call to confirm your reservation, it's again mentioned.  But, for the whole meal, entrance, during, and exiting, it was not mentioned to wish us a happy anniversary.  This night could have been much better overall.
Fun place. Lots going on - lots of people - live music - small space - constant movement and bustle. 

I think we tried everything on the menu. I know it involved 8 different kinds of meats. Total food chain domination. 
Octopus
Scallops
Shrimp
Chicken
Lamb
Red Snapper
Tuna
Steak

Then we had all the desserts. Yes. All of them. My favorite was the sorbet - the banana was actually really good.

The food was very flavorful and each dish was very different from the previous. I would try anything on the menu as a taste bud adventure.

Oh yea, we had great wine too. Gozo '05 Malbec.
Soooo good. Great food and service. I also loved the decor. We came on a weekday so it was pretty empty. We ordered the margaritas, of course with sugar, which were amazing. We also ordered the taco bar, the fish tacos, plantains, and chocolate churros. Oh and I cannot forget the cornbread which was amazing. I was also excited about the fish tacos that they were not cooked in the same fryer as the shellfish, which is pretty typical. I have a shellfish allergy so typically I cannot order fish since it is cooked together but this was not the case so I was really excited. All of the food tasted really fresh and authentic. The server was really nice, accommodating, and checked in frequently to make sure we didn't need anything. I definitely plan to return.
*TAKEOUT ONLY*

So I'm currently stuck at the office and I decided to order through Postmates from Distrito, seeing as they're close to my office building.  Ordered the chile braised beef burrito and a side order of guac and chips.  Delivery fees are ass but otherwise, the food itself is moderately priced, I'd say.

HOLY SHIT, I said aloud to no one just now in this empty office - this burrito is bangin' - so bangin' I decided to Yelp about it mid-eat.  I'm actually scarfing this thing down so fast and so vigorously, that I thought "this is how I will die, choking to death because I'm working late and don't know how to chew and swallow my food."  

The burrito is v. juicy and mad flavorful and SO gigantic, with plenty of fluffy rice, beans, and some delicious pickled tasting green things all up in there.  And THEN it's all wrapped up in a toasted, yes TOASTED, tortilla. #YAASbitch.  Also, the guacamole is really delicious and chunky with cotija cheese on top and the chips are fresh-made and were still warm upon delivery.

That is all, I will get back to work now (someone send me a margarita please), but I'm glad I found my new favorite delivery spot.
Our waiter, Kennan, was phenomenal. He added the perfect touch to the presentation of all of our dishes with his suave hand motions and on-point pronunciation of the dishes . The guacamole, crab enchiladas, mushroom flatbread, and beef patty were delicious - we highly recommend them if you wish to satisfy your taste buds. What blew us away the most, though, was definitely "the big D" that Kennan recommended. And let me tell you, "the big D" was in fact SPOT ON and delicious!!!! It was beyond anything we could have ever imagined indulging in. In fact, we enjoyed it so much, we believe Distrito should consider officially changing the name of the fruity dessert to "The Big D". Next time, we definitely plan to ask for a table with swings.

P.S. The Distrito margarita is a wonderful complement to any meal.
Fantastic spot for happy hour food and drinks. I come here at least once every few weeks, and I'm always pleased, so pleased that I decided to have my birthday dinner here for the last two years. The crowd is a mix of Penn students and Philly natives. There is a private room for events with a karaoke machine, so it's impossible not to have a fun time. The happy hour nachos are cheap and delicious and pair well with the margaritas. Taco Tuesday is also always a 10/10. My favorite is the adobo chicken taco. I definitely recommend having a reservation, especially if you're going Thursday-Saturday.
It's Dining Days in University City and and I may be unemployed but I'm back in Philly ready to eat. We decided on Distrito because tacos are always in order.

For $25.00 we got chips and salsa, a salad and a ceviche kind of thing with shrimp, avocado and plantain chips. The salsa roja was definitely better than the verde in my opinion. The salad was mediocre and unecessary. They could have chosen a better option. The ceviche was just okay. I found the flavors a little muddled but the shrimp was good and plump. I had the tacos al pastor. I'm kind of on a rant with this particular style of taco and Distrito's was one of the best I've ever had. The meat was so tender, the pineapple flavor really came through and the tortilla was bigger than most.

We had several servers but Jordan was super sweet and attentive. The heavy set lady, not so much. The seating arrangements were interesting. A set of swings, a car. But it's loud in there. Too many hard surfaces and nothing soft to absorb the racket. I had to yell at my companion even though she was right in front of me.
With the Distro food truck out and about, why bother hitting up the actual restaurant? Oh...cause, it's a pretty cool spot.

Possibly 5 million years late to the game, I finally got to check out Distro. We snagged a seat at the bar, scorpion table top and all. Our bartender couldn't tell us if they were real or not, it's probably best not to know. Of course, our group moonlighted over to the taxi car table. If I come back for one reason, and one reason alone, it's to eat inside a taxi table.

The $5 margaritas for happy hour were delicious and trouble. They went down nicely, but caught up to you later. The rest of their happy hour specials and taco Tuesday deals warrant a return as well. 

After my brief visit, there's absolutely no reason to justify not coming back.
Drinks - check 
Good Caipirinha - no check 
Food - check 
Tapas - check 
Great Tapas - no check 
Service - check 
Awesome Service - check 
Weird Bathrooms - check and check 

So here's a good standard to start living by - don't go to a Mexi-Philly restaurant and expect to get a great Brazilian Caipirinha... It tasted like it came from a drink mix with 1/2 cup of bottom shelf rum poured over it. 

The food was okay, I was not impressed to be honest. After all the hype I've read and heard from friends I was very disappointed. I'm a big fan of tamales - sweet corn, chicken, spicy - and was heartbroken when I got two over cooked tamales. The masa was not flavored in any way and you couldn't even taste the corn. The "pork" topping looked like tender vittles refried, and I'm quite glad it was on the side. The chicken tacos were good, though. My partner had beef nachos, which looked really good but tasted only ok... He also had fish tacos. Instead of a nice white fish, he had three fish sticks. The atmosphere feels like a back alley of TJ in which a Quinceanera and Lucha Libre got into a fist fight. The service is great, though! And the wait staff are all very friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu, which is an added bonus... 

I'd recommend going for the margaritas and after about 4 or 5, eat. It will be great bar food that will soak up the booze... If you're going for good food, I'd stick to the SOPAs and not look at anything else! I'm going to give this place another shot, but this time I'm going in with very low expectations.
i would come back here over and over again just to eat the darn carne kobe tacos. yeah, it's kinda super expensive for a small freakin taco, but you can't believe how good this thing is. the decor is ridiculous, but at least it's entertaining. because it's small plates, and yes, it's a little bit on the expensive side, it's much more fun when someone else is paying. they also have good strong drinks and the desserts aren't bad either! plus, it's easier to find parking here than in center city.
Pink! La bamba! Hard to find (look around the corner from Jean Madeleine Salon for the pink neon sign), but so fun once you get inside!  

A modern twist on mexican food, served on Asian dinnerware.  Quite a memorable experience!!  We thoroughly enjoyed tapas style dinner, with dishes ranging between $4 - $18.  Small portions, good for sharing in small groups.  For two of us, we got 7 dishes, three drinks, and a dessert for about $100.  Rather pricey for mexican, as I come from CA and have trouble stomaching spending a lot for good food, but this is Philly, it's trendy, and it's the experience you're paying for.  

Here's what we got:

Huaraches!  Like a thin, flatbread pizza, but with black bean as the base sauce!  Absolutely LOVED the Los Hongos Haurache (Forest mushrooms, huitlacoche sauce, queso mixto, black truffle, and corn shoot).

Hamachi "Estilo og" Tacos (2 small tacos): fried yellowtail, chipotle remoulade, avocado, red cabbage, and lime.

Platano y crema: 1 sweet plantain, queso fresco...a great side dish!  Possibly my favorite!

Atun Ceviche (big eye tuna, serrano-coconut sauce, lime sorbet, tomatillo, tostadita): small, but delicious.  Would have preferred more tuna and less sauce, but it has a great presentation and the fish was fresh and beautifully displayed.

Traditional Guacamole: good chips and guac, although they come in these modern, asymmetric bowls that make it difficult for servers to place on the table and difficult to share evenly with the group.  I'd like to think that the napkin placed below the chips is to save diner's hearts from the excess oil, rather than a space occupying mass to save the restaurant chip costs.

Ensalada: Chilango Chop (Baby Arugula, Watercress, Cherry Tomato, Spiced Pecan, tomato-lime vinegarette): was a little on the saltier side, but we enjoyed it.

Enchilada (Chicken, chihuahua cheese, epazote, red chile sauce): probably the only time you'll get 1 enchilada in 1 cast iron dish served to a group, but quite good.  You'll wish there were two.

Dessert:  Great for sharing = Churros!  You get 9 mini churros with a scoop of espresso (powerful!) ice cream and hot mexican chocolate!  So good!

Drinks:  A wide selection of tequilas and cerveza (oddly no negro modelo).  I tried the special fresh mango muddled margarita, which I recommend.  Pitchers start at $45, frozen is available.

I am definitely going to come back here...if only to order a Rey Misterio at the bar!!!

Ambiance was very exciting and cheerful.  I'll spare the details so you can experience it first hand yourself, but I dig the set up and envy those who got to sit on the porch swing.  I recommend sitting upstairs.  My favorite part was the solo/guitarist who sang Besame Mucho, La Bamba, and other well known latin hits.  I plan to bring someone here for a birthday for the full Feliz Cumpleanos experience.  

Crowd: Mix of adults, young and old.  Something tells me this will be a popular place for the Penn/Drexel crowd as well, as this is is an exciting place to get drinks that takes it up a notch from Mexicali and Mad Mex.

Hours: 
Sunday 5pm-10pm
Mon-Thurs 5pm-11pm
Fri-Sat 5pm-12pm

Lunch will be available starting September 15th.
A house divided... Jeff really liked Distritio and I did not. He wanted to give it 4 stars and I wanted to give it 2 stars so 3 stars it is. 

The place was definitely cool looking. I liked the pink and green plastic tubes that hung on some of the tables like you could find on retro lawn chairs. It definitely had a nice vibe.

Our table, which included Jen R, decided to the Diego Rivera tasting menu.  Here are some highlights (or lowlights, in my case):
- The salad had a cream-like dressing, olives, oranges, and pecans (which were delicious). I just thought that was an odd combo.
- Jeff loved the mushroom flatbread. I thought it was "eh."
- The chicken tacos were the least favorite of the table. All you could taste was the smokiness of the dish.  
- The rabbit dish was delicious, but there were only 2 small pieces per dish. The black beans were way off and had no flavor.
- The saving grace to the steak was the sauce on top. Jeff really liked the corn risotto. 
- I'm not a big fan of flan but it was one of the better ones I've ever had. Needless to say, Jeff ate both of ours.

If it wasn't for the guacamole and chips, I would have been starving. I just thought everything was OK, nothing with a major wow factor. 

After the tasting, I ordered the churros equating hot fried dough with sugar on top as the saving grace. Nope...they tasted funny, too! It was almost like the oil they were fried in was used for something else.  

Oh well...
I am SO SAD to have to update my review of Distrito, basically my First Love of Epic Mexican Restaurants, to a one-star review. I struggled with this rating, but after this experience we will likely NOT return to Distrito, and I think that is what makes me dish out a rare single star here.
We have been loyal patrons of Distrito for many, many years now - huge fans of many of their menu items. We have pined for removed menu items, only to rejoice once they were added back. I had my graduation party here and countless birthday and special occasion dinners. I have brought just about every out-of-town visitor that loves Mexican food here and every single time, I have never left with anything bad to say. So I would not say that I am your average Distrito diner - I have been one of Distrito's biggest fans for several years. It honestly pains me to do this. When we left I had the beginnings of tears in my eyes, because I just knew that we would not return.
So many things went wrong with this experience that I will attempt to summarize as much as possible...
We came on 11/19 for my husband's birthday dinner. I noticed when I made the reservation on OpenTable that it was now called "Distrito Taqueria", rather than the original "Distrito". The last time I updated my review, I noted that they had remodeled the first level bar area into a more casual, taqueria atmosphere - no reservations, just walk in and be seated. I'd eaten there before and been plenty satisfied with my meal. You could still get reservations upstairs for dinner with the full dinner menu. So even though the name of the restaurant had changed, I didn't think that, because I was making a reservation for dinner, that the original dinner menu would not be available. I suppose that should have been my first clue to call the restaurant and confirm, but it just didn't occur to me. Because I was making a reservation.
We arrive and they seat us upstairs and hand us the taqueria menu from downstairs. We were confused, but when our waitress finally stopped by to say hi about 20-25 minutes after being seated (issue #1 - we didn't even have water yet), we asked about the menu and she said they had changed everything to be the taqueria menu.
Distrito. Please. I made a reservation so you could serve me a burrito in a plastic basket? I made a RESERVATION so you could serve me some version of casual fare? Come on. I admit I was miffed I wasn't going to be eating my favorites off of the full dinner menu, so maybe this stung a little more than it should, but it was highly irritating.
Moving on. Since she was finally there we ordered our full meal - drinks, apps, dinner.
We waited a normal amount of time for food to arrive, but here's the funny part. Our ENTIRE MEAL came BEFORE OUR DRINKS. What? Distrito, what is going on?! But wait. Here is everything that was wrong with our order when it arrived:
-Missing order of tacos
-Missing order of soup
-Incorrect order of ceviche
-Incorrect order of tacos
-Incorrect order of huarache
-Incorrect order of water (sparkling was ordered, still was brought)
There were only FOUR of us. And two of us ordered only 3 things to share. When all was said and done, more than HALF of our dinner order either didn't arrive at all, or was completely incorrect. The food runner who brought it all was extremely nice, and offered to take back what was wrong and tell the kitchen what needed to be corrected. I suggested that he send our waitress back, since SO MUCH was wrong, I didn't want it to be on his shoulders, but he assured us he would remember everything. We went down the list and he went back to the kitchen and had them expedite it. Shortly thereafter, our missing/incorrect food was delivered, except for the soup.  
When we finally saw our waitress again, she never apologized. Never, not a single time during this entire experience, did she utter a word of apology or ANYTHING! My husband mentioned the missing soup, once again, and she said she'd go check on it for us. While we waited, we all finished our food, and only then did the soup show up, at the end of the meal.
It was almost comical how terrible our service was. I will say the food was delicious! So at least we had that. But the experience went from disappointing (menu) to bad (missing/incorrect food) to worse (terrible service). At the time we did not know how everything had gone so wrong - did the food runner pick up the wrong food? Did they put the wrong ticket with the plates? When we got the bill we had our answer - our waitress put everything in incorrectly. So the kitchen got everything right, our waitress did not. And the soup was added at the very bottom of the bill. So she had never entered that, and only did so when we requested it for a second time.  
I will not return to a place with service this terrible, even if the food is great. Distrito, bring back the original dinner menu and I'll give you another chance. Please.
Distrito is a stylishly decorated restaurant with a lot of space. They have a pretty big bar downstairs and a big area to sit and eat upstairs. As you go up the steps you see luchador masks adorning the walls, which always makes me think  of Jack Black for some reason. There's a lot of lime/light green and pink, which I don't get but I guess it works. And yes there is a table with a VW bug interior in it downstairs.

The food here really isn't traditional Mexican, but more Mexican inspired. That being said, it's delicious. I have never truly had anything bad here. 

The guacamole is truly delicious. However it is expensive so be forewarned. Is it worth it? Probably, but at $10, its on the edge. Similarly the Ignacio nachos are really good and loaded. But at $9 its also on the expensive side for nachos.  

They had a lobster soup that was delicious, even after it was made vegetarian for my girlfriend. She loved it. I barely got a word in edgewise while she finished the soup.

Something to note is that the portions of the main menu items are not real big. It's kind of like Mexican tapas. So its best to order more than one dish and share.

My favorites from the main menu include the Los Hongos huarache, which is a pizza like creation with mushrooms, black truffles, corn, and cheese on it. It's ridiculously good. So much so that I ended up finishing my girlfriends portion when she couldn't eat anymore the first time. I actually liked it more than the Chilango, which had chorizo and ham on it. I also like the carnitas tacos. There's a lot of flavor packed into them, although they are on the small side.

The service is always very attentive and the food comes out at a decent pace. They servers were very helpful in trying to find vegetarian dishes that my girlfriend could eat. 

Overall the flavors you get here are really worth the price tag. I don't go here very often, but I savor each trip.
The food and service were excellent but something else wasn't quite right and I couldn't place it until my ever perceptive boyfriend pointed it out - the music selections.  I see on the details listed about this restaurant that there is a JUKE BOX.   Why not some modern Mexican music?  Classical guitar, huarache band, Latin jazz - but definitely NOT pop music.  It was definitely the one sour note of the experience.

We did the tasting menu.  Usually I would say that $55 on food alone to be pricey but it was a good experience.  The lamb chops and guacamole with lump crab meat were amazing.  We would like to try the scallops on another visit although they are only offered as an entree and not a small plate.  The interior is dominated by the color pink and made me feel as though I was sitting inside a giant pinata.  Very cute decor.
To all the haters out there, I happen to love the Pepto Bismal pink interior. I thought it was fun and inviting, and the wall of luchador masks is way cool! I'm so happy I chose this place to have my very first brunch. That's right, I've never had an official brunch. I've eaten breakfast late and had lunch early, but never ate from a menu specifically labeled brunch. (I know, I've been missing out.) It's pretty awesome that drinking at 11:30 AM is acceptable if the drink has some sort of juice in it. 

Anyway, we ordered the nachos to start, which were delicious. And I had a Bloody Mary that was stellar. For my main course I ate the chilaquilies (sic?) and that also was ab fab. Ended it all with some strong coffee and a chocolate flan that was more like one of those chocolate domes, in that it was heavy and creamy rather than custardy. Oh and who can forget the micro cilantro. Where the heck did that come from? I don't know who invented this stuff but it's awesome!

When I dined at another of Garces' restaurants a couple of weeks ago I was kind of disappointed with my experience, but Distrito totally made it up to me and now I can forgive him.
Don't really get what the hype is all about, and I've given this place more chances than it deserves. Mediocre food & completely overpriced.

Let me describe each of my experiences to you:

1. Dinner - Came here for the first time in fall 09 for a group dinner (all expenses paid) so there was really no reason not to love this place, but the food was mediocre. Can't remember exactly what I had, but just remember feeling unsatisfied 

2. Brunch - After avoiding this place for a few years, came here a couple months ago for brunch because a friend wanted to and I thought I should let go of my naive freshman thoughts. For about $27 per person (tax and tip included), the meal left me again wondering why Distrito is so popular. For the first course I ordered the tortilla soup - great presentation - but was just a small chunk of chicken in a lukewarm orange-ish liquid that they call soup. For the second course I ordered steak & eggs. Steak was chewy in a weird way and was too juicy but with no flavor - seriously who cooked it? And the scrambled eggs and refried beans were both completely soggy.

3. Happy hour - Right before graduation this month, came here for the last time for happy hour, thinking it would be different. Don't know why I tried so hard. The drink deals aren't the best in the area but the mojitos and the guac are pretty good. But again, looking at the price to quality ratio, this place just keeps disappointing me.

There are so many dinner/brunch/happy hour places in Philly - whenever I'm in the city I'll be sure to unfortunately avoid this one.
So I looked at a few reviews of Distrito before going, and the consensus seemed to be that the portions are too small.  The thing is, you're eating from the tapas menu.  My friend and I sort of gorged ourselves last night.  I'll add a disclaimer--my brother is a chef here, so we did receive some special treatment.  The Atun Ceviche was so delicate...yet it fairly bursts with flavor.  Lime sorbet and little cracker thingies made it a delicious start.  Next was zucchini quesadillas with radish.  I never thought I would eat radish, but it was damn zesty.  We had both pork and duck mole....I prefer the duck.  The pork reminded me of a puerto rican dish called pernil, and I generally only eat it around holidays.  The dish I found most clever was this crab and cactus concoction.  Courtesy of the kitchen, or lovely server brought out tuna tacos--mmm, mmm good.  As for the drinks, I had two Jamaica Cosmos: tangy vodka with hibiscus and lime, while my girlfriend nursed a strong watermelon magarita.  The ambiance alone is worth the visit--mexican wrestling masks adorn one of the walls from floor to ceiling, there is a movie projector AND a walking serenade.  Jose Garces is the man.  He was present the entire evening (how do I know this you ask? we were there for three hours).  I respect a chef who keeps track.  Watch out Stephen Starr!!!
Quite possibly my favorite restaurant in the United States. 

I have never had anything bad here. The lunch special is perfect, both in selection and price. Everything I have ever had on the dinner menu is amazing. Highlights for me are the guacamole (the best I've ever had), mahi tacos, tortilla soup, ceviche (all of them), and the nachos encarnacion.

I have had several of their margaritas, all of which were very good. The sangria served here (& at Garces Group restaurants across Philly) is also among my favorite that I have ever had. Service is always outstanding. If you like mexican, this kicks it up a notch without being pretentious or skimping on portions.
Distrito first caught my eye with the pink decor and the car table in the first floor window. I also love the seating on the second floor, and the whole restaurant is buzzing but quiet enough.

As for the food, the aesthetics are perfect, and the food tastes as delicious as it looks! Most items are on the small side, tapas-style, so make sure to order a good number if you want to leave full. In addition, the food is prepared well and comes out on cute platters. My favorites include guacamole, queso, chorizo, chicken tacos, and the shortrib flatbread! 

The service here isn't always the best, especially as they get pretty busy during dinner hours and private events.

Definitely come for some sort of special--Taco Tuesday or Happy Hour. I didn't realize that the guac and tacos were the same size for the specials and regular hours (edit: I think they've now downsized for Happy Hour), but for about double the price. When I come out and split food with friends for Happy Hour, my meal comes up to around $20 including tax and tip, which is amazing--and so worth it!
I think I prefer this to El Vez. The atmosphere was cool, and the food was way better. I had a cucumber margarita and it was awesome, so get that if you can. Also for dinner I ordered their vegetarian enchiladas which has kale, quinoa, black beans, and a chipotle cream and they were to die for. My dad got the trio and said the veggie ones were the best on his plate (and he hunts his own meat/spits on health and vegetarianism, so you know these must be good.). The service was good, parking wasn't so bad, and dessert was good but I was stuffed so I only had a bite or too. It can definitely get pricey but I'd say it was worth it.
i love the color pink.  really.  but distrito is *really* pink, like barbie vomited pink.  i'm sure if i went on a busy night, it wouldn't feel so...cavernous and a little bit intimidating.  but no matter, it's cool and kitschy, everything that el vez had wanted to be but never could.

our server had no personality.  really.  i tried getting a bit sarcastic and funny with him...no response.  i don't think he even cracked a smile...i think he was a robot!  

the food was amazing.  this place will never own my heart the way amada does, but it does go on my list of 'places to go to impress' i got the kobe tacos (complete with truffles, and ensuing truffle headrush!), the tortilla soup (a bit too spicy for me).  my friend got the jicama salad (so good!) and fish tacos.  all v. v. tasty.

the guac was so boring compared to the rest of the flavor combinations and dishes that we had, so i probably won't be getting that again.  but yes...too many things on the menu left to try, and i'll definitely be back.
They have a secret room behind the front desk! They have Mexican wrestling masks all over the wall leading up to the second floor! They have one of those games where you try to grab the prize with the claw! (You know what I mean.)

And they have Mexican food. Insert big grin here.

They call it "Modern Mexican." Whatever fancy term you wanna use, I love Mexican food. It's tapas-style dining. My boyfriend and I ate in the cantina, and were given two menus to look at. They were similar, but I took a very close look to find the exact items I wanted. We did some great choosing!

My boyfriend had never had ceviche, and I know he likes tuna, so we tried the Atun. Soft. Yummy. Delicious. Platano y crema - I always seek these out to see if it's a truly Mexican place - these and tamales. They were not quite as good as the Cantina's (Los Caballitos), in South Philly, though. And there WERE tamales - pork. And huaraches, something new to me, which resembled a little tortilla pizza - wild mushrooms, corn, truffled something - just delightful. 

The crown jewel of the meal was found on the cantina menu: Fundido de chorizo. A good-sized crock of cheesy wonderfulness, baked with chorizo and peppers, which you fill your own little warm tortillas with. We scraped every miniscule bit of foods out of that crock. You know that Food Network show, "The Best Thing I Ever Ate?" Well, this would have been on my list.

Kudos, again, Iron Chef Garces!
Remember that movie, Atonement? Where someone did something bad and they have to like, atone for it?

Well that's what I'm doing now, with Distrito, except instead of atoning for fraudulently accusing someone of rape, I'm updating a restaurant review on a website. These things are the same.

The first time I ate here, I wasn't ready.  The year was 2008 and my powers of consuming and writing about consuming were not well developed. I wasn't prepared for the price and I wasn't familiar enough with the tapas concept to care. I was expecting a typical Mexican restaurant where I could get a chimichanga the size of a gorilla's fist and limitless nachos.

I was too hard on Distrito the first time I went. Now, things are different. Distrito rules. 

The galabaza soup is excellent. It is simply brimming with hazelnuttyness. It is a winner and I prefer it greatly to the tortilla soup.

All of the ceviches I've tried are great and a solid bet.

I prefer the hamachi tacos to the chicken and kobe beef ones. The chipotle remoulade that comes on them is super tasty.

The esquites is a very interesting menu item. It is served in a way that is kinda like a sweet corn lime parfait.

The los hongos and costillas huaraches are great. Garces knows how to make bread in the shape of flat. He knows how to make it taste amazing. These items are larger than most of the other tapas and their high carb content will go a good way towards filling you up.

and finally...

The spiced tres leches is the best tres leches cake I've had. This is coming from a man who has scoured Costa Rica, Venezuela, and Florida for the best tres leches. It is here. I've found it. Get it. It rules.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Predator 2.


hahah nah I'm just kidding. Predator 2 wasn't very good. I meant Kill Bill vol. 1.
Some of the best Margaritas in town, always a great place for high quality Margs and a good acompaniment of abundantly filled tacos.  

Having been here a few times, I would reccomend sticking to the tacos and the margaritas.  They are very good together.  Oh and the Ceviche is always a hit.  The salmon ceviche has to be one of my favorites.

Altogether, I would definately go back, and this place will be one of those places I would take visitors to when they need good food and drinks.

Kudos to Garcia on a great place!
Just came back from Distrito and I can officially say my first Jose Garces dining experience was fabulous.  I'm proud to say this Iron Chef throws down in my new hometown.  

I ordered the Chicken Enchilada which was authentically spectacular and a classic margarita on the rocks ("Distrito Margarita")  that was damn good!  Not sure the drink was worth the $10 price tag--but it was tasty and strong :-)!  I think they offer a "Cantina Margarita" (cheap tequila) for $5 so make sure you specify so you can enjoy a couple of drinks for less.  

The decor is cool too, but it seems borderline trying too hard to be "hip".

Everyone agreed that Distrito is the place to go before or after your meal for drinks and apps.  The entrees are pricey.  However, I did try the "Pescado del Dia" ($33) and it was exquisite!--light, tender, flavorful.  

Writing this review is making me hungry again.  I'm off to dream about Distrito.  Night Night :-)
As a Mexican food lover I appreciate everything about this place. Jose Garces got this menu right on point!

There are a few reasons why we keep coming back (like once a week...it's really an addiction...we're currently seeking help). Their Margaritas are crafted with love, fresh ingredients and a dose of knowledge if you ask "what's in it". The watermelon margaritas will change your life. Rocks. No salt. 
They recently had a coconut basil margarita on the menu that did change my life....I couldn't get off the couch the ENTIRE next day. They're worth it!
Esquites are my next highlight item. I do believe one can live entirely on corn and I've chosen to do so with an ample supply of this chipotle, creamy, corn goodness. 

Every time we go there it's like I'm walking into my moms house. We get greeted so warmly I'm surprised we don't just hug at this point. Jennafer, one of the managers, is seriously paramount in what she does. Her team seems to really like her, everyone is in a good mood  and she has gone above and beyond to see that all of our needs are met. 

Offering Friday night happy hours from 4pm-8pm is the best thing to happen to University City, it leaves us ample time to fill our bellies and sample the newest featured margarita. 

I have to say, it's really nice being recognized as a regular, we've gotten to weigh in on new drink ideas, sample new foods and get to know once of the nicest teams in Philadelphia. 

Lucha Libre masks off to you team Distrito, SO well executed!
Distrito has turned my entire belief system upside-down. For my entire adult life, there has been but one thing I've believed in: The Theory of Inverse Relation between Style and Food Quality at Chinese and Mexican Restaurants.

For years in Los Angeles I would tempt fate and E. coli by eating at the smallest, dirtiest Mexican joints because I knew that the authentic flavor of the tacos, burritos, and mulitas would be worth it. Conversely, every time I've been an an even remotely "stylish" or "expensive" Mexican restaurant, the experience has been a disappointing one.

I knew I was in for a treat at Distrito, though, from the moment we ordered our guacamole with jumbo lump crab. Crab in guacamole? Now there's something you'll never see at a taco truck... But it sounds pretty awesome, right? Well, it was, and so were the chips that accompanied it.

The entrees are served tapas style, so I ordered both the tuna tacos and the chilango huarache. The tacos more or less blew my mind. I've had some damn good fish tacos before, but never with tuna, and never with sauces and spices so delicious. I would eat them every day if I could.

I hated my huarache, but that's entirely my fault, since I don't like chorizo (and it said right on the menu: "Carnitas, Chorizo, Serrano Ham"). I just figured that if there were a place to give it another shot, this was it... And I learned that I still don't like chorizo.

BOTTOM LINE: Fun, hip, stylish, moderately expensive ($30/person without drinks) Mexican restaurant with creative, delicious, but still authentic-feeling dishes and awesome décor--including an entire wall of luchador masks.
Alright folks, I am in fact a serious Distrito junkie. Since my first review, I have now been to Distrito almost 10 times since they opened...including once for lunch recently and once for my surprise 30th birthday party back in May. I won't add much more to my previous reviews other than food and service were just as amazing in both varying contexts. 

They have an amazing weekday lunch time special. Two plates + one (non-alcoholic) drink for $15. You can't beat it. The fish taco + guac = my own person heaven on the cheap. A great spot for a fun business lunch. The larger group party we had (about 20) people went smoothly, but the food did seem to come at lightning pace...a bit more speedy than comfortable for our conversation and merriment.

Final thoughts...
Enough said...there's a reason Distrito won Best New Restaurant in 2009's Best of Philly. Those editors know what they're talking about but you can't say I didn't tell you first.
Everyone I know in Philly has been to Distrito. The moment someone would mention it, or Mexican food, they would rave about it endlessly to the point that finally enough was enough - I had to try Distrito out for myself. I'm not a lover of Mexican food, but considering how much I enjoyed Amada I knew that there had to be some merit to this hype. 

Since my bf works at UPenn, and I was apartment hunting that day, we decided to meet up for dinner at Distrito (located in the boonies that is 40th St) and treat ourselves to an awesome meal. We arrived a little after 6pm and were promptly seated upstairs among the few patrons already there. The interior is fab - bright colors EVERYWHERE, with hot pink dominating the pack, and the theme is definitely playful Mexican. I love the wall of wrestling masks, and the taxi booth downstairs is a hoot. Our waitress promptly set down a bowl of their spicy peanuts (so good!) as she handed us menus, explaining the tapas style of the restaurant to us. 

It took a little while for us to decide, but once we gave our order food fairly promptly appeared at our table:

Hamachi Ceviche: yellowtail, habanero orange sauce, sangrita sorbet, mint. Amazing, the flavor combinations were spot on perfect - the sorbet tasted more like tomato to me, but it was still delish!

Esquites: sweet corn, queso fresco, chipotle, lime. Oh so good, the corn was truly fresh and sweet, and layered beautifully with the queso fresco in a tall glass. Every table was ordering it, and with reason!

Chilango Chop Salad: baby arugula, watercress, cherry tomato, olives, oranges, spiced pecans, fried tortilla strips, and we got the tomato-lime vinaigrette instead of the chipotle buttermilk dressing, which would have been too heavy. The vinaigrette made the salad light and refreshing.

SPECIAL Lobster Taco: lobster and crab meat on a soft tortilla with some delectable sauce I can't remember the name of. It was the best dish we had, they should really add it to the menu. I couldn't stop eating it, the flavors were amazing and the lobster and crab were fresh and cooked PERFECTLY. God, my mouth is watering right now thinking about it...

The four dishes we ordered were the perfect amount for us, even though they recommend five for two people. Some people seem to be complaining about portion size, but I found the portions to be generous for tapas - far more so than at Amada, which is more traditional Spanish tapas fare. We ended with a dessert because why the hell not?

Churros: four cinnamon sugar churros with molten dipping chocolate and coffee ice cream. SO GOOD. The churros were crispy, the chocolate was thick and RICH, and the ice cream was like frozen coffee. Mmmmm, so tasty. My stomach was full, but my mouth wanted more! I nearly ordered another. Seriously.

All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience. Our waitress was very nice, constantly checking in on us and refilling water, the food was delicious and came out quickly (but not all at once, to allow us to savor each dish a bit), and the ambiance is fantastic! I was surprised at how packed it got - we were there on a Tuesday, and by 7pm it was full upstairs! A very, very popular place, and likely to remain one.
I went here last night with a group of 6 people without knowing anything about it.  Walking in felt like walking onto the set of a crazy Mexican Pee-wee's playhouse so I was immediately convinced I would like it.  And sure enough I did.  Based on the price I would consider this to be a special occasion restaurant - I spent a lot more than I usually would on a meal, but had a great time and really liked the food.  Our server suggested we order 3 - 4 plates per person which I think is way overkill.  He said the plates were small, but for tapas, I thought we had plenty to share with each dish - they're pretty rich.  We ordered 2 guacs, and one salsa for the table, and each person ordered 2 dishes.  We could have lived without the last few dishes that came out since at that point we were all pretty full.  I'd say start off with a 2 or 3 per person, and order more later if you're still hungry. The food ranged from really good to ridiculously good, with a few just plain goods thrown in.  In all we spent a little over $40 per person and each had one or two drinks.  I left full (the I really should have stopped sooner kind of full), but very content.
Another Jose Garces restaurant and another hit! I loved Distrito the minute I stepped foot inside. The decor is beyond anything I've ever seen. Distrito has a taxi cab table, a wall of lucha libre masks, and swinging chairs. The decor is full of bright pinks and greens. The music was playing to fit the theme and the staff dresses to fit as well.  

I had some trouble picking from the menu and was class to see the Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo tasting menus. I thought the tasting menu at Amada was a good experience and was glad we decided to give this a shot. We chose the cheaper Diego Rivera tasting menu. 

We were given chips and guacamole to start off. I'm sure I can't remember all of the dishes but here are the ones I do remember and liked:
Shrimp ceviche - my first ceviche...and it was good!
House salad
Mushroom flatbread - I don't like mushroom but didn't mind this
Chicken enchilada
Rabbit served with rice and black beans- my favorite dish
Skirt steak with risotto - very flavorful; my second favorite
We had flan for dessert and ordered a side of Churroz

I can't wait for my next visit to Distrito. As I have already visited 3 of the 6 Jose Garces restaurants, I also look forward to the next on my list Chifa.
Distrito is not the place for me.  Everyone I was with really liked it, and I guess I can see how others might like it.  But these stars reflect MY experience, so read on, and if you can find out if you're like me, and if so, stay away from Distrito.

Basically, if I had to sum up my experience at Distrito in one word, that word would be: cilantro.  But more on that later.

The decor at Distrito is CRAZY.  You walk in downstairs and there's a big open room with a bar.  Everything is bright pink and orange.  There's a table in the shape of a car - like a car bed, but it's a car-booth.

You go up a big set of stairs with about a thousand Mexican wrestling masks alongside it.  The second floor has even crazier seating.  Another bar, tables that you have to sit on porch swings to eat at, giant wicker booths, and a secluded room that was closed off when i was there.  The bathrooms are several individual toilet rooms, with a large mirrored communal sink.

So... awesome?  At least bright and unique.  But then the food came.

The style of eating is small dishes that you're encouraged to share.  Started out with free tortilla chips - came out warm, and in a really pretentious angled metal bowl. They were amazing.  Unbelievably good.

And everything else had cilantro.

Now, if you like cilantro, this is the place for you.  Every dish came out covered in what looked like clover, but apparently that's what cilantro looks like in its native form.  Duck with cilantro, beef with cilantro, chicken with cilantro, shrimp with cilantro.  Cilantro with cilantro in a cilantro sauce.

I don't like cilantro.

Decent mussels, all sorts of stuff with crap... but always with the cilantro.

And did I mention that this place is pretty expensive?  Each dish isn't ridiculously pricey, but it starts to add up pretty quickly.  And considering the chef is pretty much a pawn of Big Cilantro, I don't really get where the appeal is.

There were some pretty good desserts that were cilantro free, so it might be a fun place to stop by and have a hot chocolate and churro.

I dunno. I wish I had more to say. Everybody I was with loved it.  I paid $60 for chips and a churro.

But if an Iron Chef episode where the secret ingredient is cilantro sounds like your idea of a good time, and orange and pink is your favorite color combination, this place is your Mecca.
In a neon colored, loud nutshell: Expensive, delicious tapas at Chucky Cheese.

Though I'm a big fan of the culinary talent of Jose Garces (Amada is friggin' fabulous!), Distrito overall felt very "Stephen Starr" to me when I dined there the other night.  What I mean is, the decor and ambiance seemed to shout loudly above the food--almost like I couldn't really focus on my meal because of the interior design overload.

The food is delicious, the service is top notch, but something about the atmosphere is a bit too much for me and feels cheap. 

This might just be a clever strategy employed by Garces to ensure a feeling of casual dining among the Penn crowd that frequent this spot and can shell out some mean benjamins.

All in all, while I appreciate the fun, creative, Mexican inspired decor, I'd rather spend my money at Amada (or elsewhere) where I can have a dining experience where the food is the star of the show.
I went here on a Wednesday night for Dining Days.  Now, I usually have pretty low expectations during restaurant weeks, but I was pleasantly surprised by Distrito.  First, I got a little confused finding it.  If you went to Penn and graduated pre-2008, the campus has really changed.  Distrito is located in that ugly HUB building that was under construction during my time there.  

Had a 7:45 reservation, but the table wasn't quite ready so waited about 10 minutes, no big deal.  Sat at the bar, and stared at the scorpions.  When we were seated, the waiter explained the menu, as well as some items that were available for an additional price.  I pretty much already knew what I wanted based on previous reviews so I went with: guacamole, gazpacho, mahi mahi tacos, the mushroom flatbread, and the tres leches cake.  The mushroom flatbread was a real stand out, and the fish tacos were pretty great too.  My dining partner got the Esquites which was awesome.  I couldn't eat everything, and have leftovers for lunch which is always nice.  

So now the bad or at least slightly less good: waiter was very nice, but service was really slow between the first course and second course, which is unusual if you are eating tapas.  Also, I got the watermelon margarita, but I was not impressed.  The actual drink was really salty, like they poured salt into it, and I really couldn't taste the watermelon.  Frontera Grill in Chicago does a way better watermelon margarita.  The guacamole was a little on the salty side too, so they just need to cool it with the salt.
Fun vibe, pretty decent fish tacos, but a little expensive and nothing thaaaat special. Service can be kinda slow. Drinks are pretty good and well-priced, which is really why you should be going here anyway. Good for large events and the decor is actually super fun and even a bit bougie. 

The fish tacos are DELICIOUS! My absolute favorite. I went during the Superbowl with my friends, and the fish tacos were on a discount. Ate around three that night. I do have to say the other tacos aren't amazing and were really not memorable. Fish or bust! I tried a bit of the quesadilla when my friend ordered it, and really loved it. The corn, the cheese - YUM. I was craving it for weeks! I came back and - well, I was disappointed. It was all cheese and not really filled with much else. Maybe I came on an off day (or perhaps one really good day), but overall the food besides the fish tacos aren't really standout. The guac is.. abnormally expensive at $13 and you really don't get all that much. 

Drinks are really strong and come down alright. I can get tipsy off of just one - yay! 

I've also been to some large events catered by Distrito. This is when it's really fun and you don't need to worry about the price of consuming a lot of the overpriced guacamole. It's super fast, with waiters coming in with food and stuff. 

Service is also kinda slow. Waited around 25 mins for a quesadilla and some tacos, to the point when the bartender kept checking in and reassuring us that the food would be coming out soon. Again, maybe an off day. 

tl;dr - get fish tacos, quesadillas are hit or miss, drinks are strong, service is ok. group events are really where distrito shines.
"If you took El Vez and you made it a little better and a little more expensive, but you also made the food a little more authentico." - HA! Josh F. nailed this review. I have little left to write, except that for University City Dining Days ($30 pre fixe that gets you 2 apps, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert per person) may be the steal of the century. 

The decor is out there - way out there - but in a fun, crazy way, that has the "I love it there but I'll never be tempted to do this to my house" kinda feel.  

My dining companion and I went all out on the Dining Days Menu - 

Our apps were the Gauc, which was standard, but tasty, the gazpacho was delicious, and the yellowfin civeche with a citrus chile salsa may have been the winner of my life. HOLY LORD, I would make packs with the devil and other undesirables for that civeche. And when was the last time someone got excited over civeche???

We had pulled pork tacos, which packed a punch too. The duck and cheese bake that came with the warm tortillas to wrap it in. was exactly what you'd want in a vat of duck and baked cheese - glorious. Mind-numbingly glorious. There was also a crab enchilada and divers scallops... all was happiness, all was good. I can't wait to bring the boy here, and friends.
This is an incredible restaurant.  After dining at Distrito,  I know what food prepared by a Top Chef tastes like.  I couldn't imagine that Mexican food could be elevated to such gourmet heights, but Distrito was hands down one of the best meals I've ever had.  The small plate servings give you the perfect bite to savor each dish's distinct flavors.  Here's what we ate:  the yellowtail and tuna tacos were the best fish tacos I've ever had; the jicama salad was refreshling light; the Veracruz ceviche with red snapper, olive, tomato, and caper made a ceviche lover out of me; the Los Hongos huraches was a delicious flatbread, pizzalike treat with forest mushrooms, Mexican cheese, black truffle, and corn shoot; the zucchini squash blossom quesadillas were more like empanadas and melt in your mouth; the huachinango (red snapper ) and shrimp skewers were yummy; and the tres leches with mango was heavenly.  No wonder chef Jose Garces kicked Bobby Flay's but on Iron Chef America.  The next time I visit Philly, I will definitely return to Distrito.
So the manager reached out, which I think is very nice.  It's very comforting for me to know that  they care enough about their patrons' feedbacks on how they can improve their performance.  I  think it takes a lot of guts and responsibility to keep up with their eatery's reviews on yelp and to reach out on a professional level on top of that.  Even though it's just a silly yelp review from one person, it's really business savvy for managers to nevertheless to seize it as an opportunity to improve themselves, which I think is really awesome and highly respectable.

To recap, the food is A-OK for the price, but I really don't know how to improve it because I'm not a professional cook.  I would say they can make it more flavorful, but if I were to do it I'd mess it up. It could also just be my taste buds being dull, or what I order just happens to me not up my ally, etc.

Because I realize how the place strives for excellence based on the feedback, I can see myself going back for drinks (based on other people's opinions) and different dishes.  I just hope I don't run into that hostess since the last encounter was just awkward.
after tinto, i was more than looking forward to hitting up distrito! unfortunately, the decor was the best part of our visit. the place was virtually deserted on a saturday night. our drinks were subpar (very limited selection for margaritas) and the food was not memorable. i think i sorta liked the shrimp ceviche but i cant recall my main except that it didnt impress me. the service was also a little off. so sad. i really wanted to love this place.
So my sister went here for lunch before and recommended that I take my bf from California. Great interior design, very festive and colorful.

Lunch was not very good to me:
The guacamole with crab was ok/good. The ceviche was OK. The fish taco was the best thing I ate, but it was my sister's dish. The 2 mexican pizzas I tried were not that appetizing either. 

What was good was the white and red sangrias. That was sweet and delicious!

And service was a little negligent. I didn't let it get to me because it was during the shift from lunch to dinner and I know how servers like to hang out in the back and eat during the time, but still!

Maybe its just the lunch that wasn't my cup of tea. I would like to go back for the dinner because I am a fan of Jose's other restaurants.
Yes yum and I love you distrito!  I highly recommend the chef tasting.  Arrive hungry!  Love the fresh fruit margaritas.  Great service, decor and atmosphere.  One of the best Jose graces restaurants in Philly!
Distrito has pretty good though pricey food, in a kitschy-trendy atmosphere.  Small plates, so things can really add up if you want a satisfying meal.  I love the ceviche here -- it's fresh, light, and tasty.  I was here once for the grand tasting menu, which was a lot of fun!  Everything was good to great, well-prepared and tasty.  I'd recommend it if money's not an issue, but there's lots of food in Philly that's just as good (or better) and cheaper.
What would Penn students do without Distrito??  Always works in a pinch, especially with big groups.  Get the beef.  Anything beef.  It's top notch here.  Oh, and the guac.  

Only downside - margaritas are hit or miss here, and definitely weak on the tequila.  Or maybe my b-school drinking escapades have raised my tolerance and Steven Starr just can't keep up.
It's embarrassing to the city of Philadelphia that other reviewers even compare Distrito to real Mexican food. It's really confusing that Philadelphia has terrible Mexican food in general, so I guess it makes sense that people might come here and think it bears any resemblance to Mexican food. I'm not entirely opposed to the concept of like high-end ethnic food but this shit was awful. 

I waited for 7 months to come to this restaurant and was sooooo excited to go. Then we went for brunch aandddnnndndnd it SUUUUCCCKKED. I ate the Hurache con Hongos. it was fine, but awkward. And not very much food for the millions of dollars it cost. Pozole was bland, and all the food with meat in it had this horrible deep dark dead meat flavor that makes me want to stop waking up in the morning. 

 Also the atmosphere is embarrassing. Like, decorating a restaurant with mexican kitsch is not a new idea? They do it in Mexico and in actual mexican restaurants. So this like outrageous usage of Jarritos and luchadores masks is well-trodden territory and not creative??? The restaurant should have served Jarritos instead of using it as a decoration. Also we sat in a taxi???? ughh the shame

ugh im just ashamed of myself for even going here instead of just driving to Camden to eat a delicious goat barbacoa burrito at El Taco Loco. Just thinking about eating at Distrito makes me feel like a lame white person who doesnt understand what food shoudl taste like and pays too much money for shitty versions of food that was good before it got fancified.
So, decorations are all about context. According to people I know who have actually been to Mexico, they say that this place actually has a pretty authentic look. 

In my uncultured "Go America" point of view, I still say this is a total chick's restaurant. And now that I think about it, a lot of restaurants in UCity are what I'd call "chick restaurants." 

What's with that? Entertain me with theories, please.

Nothing wrong with it. Just an observation. Kinda like noticing that I have a very small wang (Asian).

I've eaten here a few times. Not sure how I feel about the idea of Mexican tapas, but I'll get over it. Everything here is at least tasty.

I generally get the lunch special, if I'm ever actually here for lunch. Their ceviche is good, the barbacoa is great, and who can argue with drinkies at lunch time? Sober people, that's who. But they don't count.

In short, this is another one of those places I consider good, not great, and would not be all that close to the top of my list for "let's go to ______" suggestions.

Pro-tip: Don't expect to stuff your face here. Plates are small (again, tapas), so it's really more of a social eating environment.

Pro-tip 2: There are lots of juices here you can't get at non-Mexican joints (jamaica, tamarindo), so go ahead and ask them to spike it with alcohol. I like jamaica with gin (Sapphire) and soda, wedge of lime.
Pretty solid Mexican food spot by UPenn.

Came here Saturday night with two friends and split a pitcher of mango margarita and super nachos and each got our own entree. For mine, I got the U-City Burrito with carne asada ($13) and it hit the spot. Filling with decent amount of steak/filling (not just rice). Margaritas were strong and nachos were great for a starter.
If you ever want to have a small karaoke party distrito is a superb spot for it. Behind the host desk, you will notice a door that leads into a "secret" room, perfect for karaoking, drinking and ordering apps. Although it has been over a year since my visit, I remember the margaritas, appetizers and decor were all very impressive....yet a bit pricer than I would have liked. Despite the costly experience, I am certain you will not leave disappointed! I would say the closest thing to Distrito in the the UPenn area is Pod, yet Distrito has a much more decorative and vibrant atmosphere. Both great places to take family or friends. Definitely worth checking out if you are in University City.
There is not much I need to say about this place other than that it was the bomb.

Every single dish was flawless.  The prices were moderate and the value is definitely way up there for me.  I returned home stuffed from sharing 4 small plates (Hamachi Ceviche, Duck Mole, Skirt Steak Nachos and Guacamole), one large plate (Carne Asada), and one dessert (Hot Chocolate Churros).

The decor is kinda cool. Sort of reminds me of an LA cafeteria mixed with a tiki bar in Mexico and a splash of Continental Midtown aesthetic.

I have zero complaints and many raves.  I dont often walk away from any restaurant this satisfied (in every way).   Can't wait to come back.
I like the chips and guacamole and liked the cheese sprinkles on top. My friend and I ordered the $35 set menu of chips/guac/salsa, shrimp cerviche (a little on the sweet side), arugala salad (spicy and yummy, but again a little on the sweet side), mushroom flatbread that was a little too mushroom-y for my taste, and sirloin steak that came with a pretty good cheesy risotto and baked black beans and rice. For dessert we had a mini flan which was very very sticky (pieces actually stuck to the spoon).

Overall the experience was nice, but the food was just okay, and the service, depending on the person, was inconsistent. The guy we had didn't want to explain each item, was vague about how many plates we should order (since it was our first time there), and out of a bit of frustration we jumped at ordering the set menu. The woman who brought out the food was clear, detailed and nice. The decor is cute and fun - just be prepared for PINK.
My friend and I were planning to go to Nan today but it was closed for  vacation so we ventured into Distrito. I was so pleasantly surprised by decor and ambience. The service was very fast and friendly. And I'm usually weary of quality of food in restaurants but I loved the food here, especially the vegetarian options. A little bit on the high side for the portions but that was ok. It's so nice to have more decent restaurants that are also fun and have great cuisine in West Philly.
I came here for the 2$ taco tuesday happy hour (5-7PM) which was totally worth it! I would come earlier or call in with a reservation if possible, cause when we got there, we were a little nervous that we weren't going to be seated before the happy hour ended. Luckily, we were seated within 10 minutes and the service did their best to make sure we made it in time. Awesome.

The complimentary spicy peanuts were a great surprise. They were warm and a great compliment to the happy hour drinks we ordered. I got the cucumber mojito which was delicious.

The tacos we ordered (pollo, carnitas, and hongos) were awesome! The 2$ happy hour deal is definitely worth it. Surprisingly, my favorite was the hongos (mushrooms) - earthy, filling, savory, with a little crunch. I just wished I had asked for some hot sauce (why am I addicted to hot sauce??). The other tacos were just as great, although I did prefer the carnitas over the pollo.

I will definitely come back, and am looking forward to trying the non-happy hour menu.
I went here last week for the UC Dining Days special with 2 of my friends. The decor is very loud but FUN! --Tons of pink.

Our server was absolutely fabulous. She was right on top of things but slipped in and out without much fuss so it was almost like she wasn't there. We didn't have to ask for anything.

Here's a rundown of all the food we got for $30 each!!! (super steal!)
-Guacamole (2) -- One of the best guac I've had in Philly!
-Hamachi Ceviche --So fresh and was citrusy and minty (one of my favs here)
-Tortilla Soup -- Good, nothing earth shattering though
-Gazpacho -- Spicy and surprisingly filling.
-Esquites -- Fresh corn and cheese, was yummy!
-Carnitas Tacos - didn't try this but it looked good
-Quesadilla - didn't try this 
-Enchilada de Pollo -didn't try this
-Queso Fundido -- oh my god. Duck and cheese, I know it sounds kinda like a weird combo but WOW. 
-Huarache with mushrooms - Delish!!! kinda like a pizza 
-Huarache with short ribs - Delish!!! although this one was a bit on the dry side.
-Chocolate Tres leches cake (3) -- was very good but I would not call it a tres leches cake I would say its chocolate mousse.

Overall a GREAT meal! I definitely want to go back here very soon.
We went here as part of their University City Dining Days. I was surprised because I am a skeptic and expect places that are overly hyped to under-deliver. Also people had me spooked about tapas that it is not going to be enough food. Well it surely is. I left incredibly stuffed. The guacamole was incredible, as well as the chorizo dish. Everything was very good but nothing blew me away. I will definitely keep this place in mind when I am University City area again.
I could give this place 5 stars just for the cute-est pink interior ever!!

The layout is separated into two areas - happy hour is on the lower level lounge area, dining room is on the upper level...they have a partially open kitchen area that allows you to see some of the food prepping ...

To start off our meal we had the ignacio, very good, I liked the combinations of the sweet peppers/Jalapeno peppers...def worth getting again.. and again! 

The portions were served tapas style so it gave us a chance to try about 6 different selections. I had the  Los Hongos Huarache and it was yummy loved the texture of the flat-bread and the forest mushrooms, and a nice drizzle of a sweet and tangy sauce. 

Our waitress was very sweet, she noticed that we kind of slowed down on eating and told us that she didn't put the order in for the last two items and would not send them to the kitchen if we were full... how sweet is that!

I liked the paced of how the items came out to our table only 1 or 2 tapas at a time, that way you can really slowly enjoy every bite of food....

And for Dessert we shared two items:
El Fuerte (Chocolate cake espresso ice cream, spicy peanuts, pretzels and patron carmel)
Churros (comes with 2 dipping sauces...a spicy chocolate, and a cajeta crema)

They were both delicious...I liked the sweet and spicy combos.
I gotta give it up to him, Garces is pretty genius. I have never been big on Mexican food, but this guy just makes it so damn fun! To me, traveling anywhere I can't walk is an ordeal, so I'm thankful this was worth the trip to University City. 
The decor in this place is really something to see, gaudy in the best possible way. Frozen Margaritas were big, strong, and yummy, and the $3 Mexican beers were pretty great too. I adore Ceviches of all kinds, and these were all creative and yummy. But what can I expect from a guy who won Iron Chef? I was shocked that the two and a half recommended plates actually filled me so much I couldn't eat dessert. I always require more than the recommended amount! :) 
Not crazy expensive either, considering all you get. Just stay away from the crane game machine near the bathroom. How brilliant to put a sucker game where drunk people are!
I love this place.  The quac is awesome, margaritas are delicious, and each little tasty delicious item from the menu left me wanting more, much more.   Next time, I am going to sit in that little car up front.  Oh, and the lime peanuts were killer.
I've been twice, and this place is just okay. Their food smells good, but doesn't taste like anything noteworthy. If someone tells you otherwise, they haven't had the best Mexican food in their past. Their margs aren't special; they taste like mix and are too sweet. I prefer mine more sour. However, I should note they have my favorite tequila - Astral so that's a big plus! Veggie nachos for happy hour were $7. Take it or leave it. The scorpions in the bar are scary and don't make me hungry. El Rey is much better and has a much better happy hour.
I couldn't stop staring at things in this place. It's a bit of a sensory overload, but I enjoy that every now and then. The servers are good humored and pleasant. The food was pretty good, but not necessarily worth the price. Their sangria was pretty tasty; I love sangria that has apples in it. The margaritas were OK, but definitely not strong enough for my liking. Overall, this was a cool place to check out, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to show up here again.
Definitely come here for the Tuesday deal at the Taqueria (the downstairs area, which has more college student-friendly priced menu): tacos for $2.50 each is well worth it for these tasty Mexican fusion options. My favorites are the plantain-breaded mahi-mahi tacos and the ropa vieja chicken tacos. Also delicious are their nachos and margaritas (which are quite strong). I've tried the house margarita classic and with fresh grapefruit, and both were delicious.
The food was mediocre and the service was the worst I've experienced in Philadelphia in a few years. Due to this, one star review.

Let's begin:
First, we were sitting without being greeted by a waitress for at least twenty minutes. When she did finally come over, we ordered drinks, water, and food. The drinks came first, then the food, then the water. 

Then, the food was wrong, and we had to wait for that to get corrected. That finally did get corrected, but about 30 min later! During all this, we didn't see our server once, and didn't get one single refill of water. So not only did it take 20 minutes to order (it was a slow Tuesday, not Saturday, the order was wrong, and couldn't even get a refill of water). 

Finally, to cap it all off, we finally see our server again, ask for the check, and she brings the wrong check. So it was an awful night, especially service wise.

Afterwards, I emailed the Garces Group, explaining the situation, and they stated to come back any time and email them before we do, saying we would get taken care of. That to me is a cop out. I don't want to go back and treated "special" because they screwed up, I wanted them to fix the issue, and if anything, refund me or give a credit, so I can go as a normal customer and not be treated special and trying to impress. Food critics don't announce when they come to a restaurant so they get the same service as anyone else. To me, this is the same idea, and the group, in this case, failed to make it right.
My family and I came here to celebrate a belated Father's Day.  Dad requested Mexican, and I was afraid of overdoing El Vez, so we headed to Distrito.  We were immediately seated upon our arrival (right across from the man himself, Jose Garces--there with his family and watching the World Cup) and promptly served water and told the specials.  The frozen margarita on our visit was peach ginger, and it was delicious.  More ginger than peach, but that was fine with me! No one will accuse the bartender here of going light on the tequila.  I could taste its salty goodness throughout the drink.  

For our appetizers, the table the:

Guacamole: This guacamole is one of the better ones.  It contained huge chunks of fresh avocado (but not too huge) and was fresh and light.   

Salsa:  This was made with fresh, super bright, red tomatoes, jalapeno, garlic, cilantro, and onion.  The peppers gave it a kick and the fresh tomato cooled you down.  

We had six people and this was enough for us to share.

For my entree, I had the:

Enchilada de Verduras: This vegetarian enchilada contains toasted quinoa, black beans, cooked kale and is topped with chipotle crema.  The crema adds a little spice and is incredibly rich and indulgent.  This is the first time I've tried this dish, but it is probably my favorite thing on the distrito menu.  It has a little bit of crunch as well, which adds a nice texture.  Someone I was with wanted a bite, but I refused to share.  I could not spare a square (inch) of this delicious enchilada.

Pollo Tacos:  These come with chicken ropa vieja, queso fresco, crema and are topped with crisp matchstick radish to add some crunch (if not much flavor).  I nickname these tacos "Old Reliable." They are consistently good, if not exciting, cheap at $8, and filling.

Note:  All enchiladas come in single serving portions.  You get one.  The tacos come in sets of three, so keep that in mind when you order.

Everyone in my party was very pleased with their meal, and I will continue to make a trip over to University City to get my Distrito fix.
Stopped into Distrito for Happy Hour before a movie screening at Rave last week. I got cozy at the bar and sipped a $5 marg (no icky sour syrup here) and nibbled on a $5 chip/guac combo (not a lot of avocado honestly, it's more of a solo serving). Got a pair of $5 fish tacos (fresh and hot, full of flavor, two to an order) and ordered another $5 marg. I was full and buzzed (on quality food and drink, no less) and my bill was $20. My bartender was more than lovely. Consider me a satisfied customer, Distrito.
Before I went I didn't really realize it was tapas but once I looked at the menu I was glad it was because there were so many things I wanted to try. The grapefruit margarita was incredible but kind of small for the price. I loved one side we got - it was corn, queso fresco and chipotle, it came in a glad and I want it again right now. Between 2 people with 3 drinks and a dessert each, it was a hundred bucks. Kinda pricey but the amazing food and atmosphere was worth it, it made for a really nice night.
Fun and striking decor with a wall made up of hundreds of colorful, luchador masks.

Friendly, helpful, and quick staff.

Guacamole with Crab.

Camarones Ceviche.

Frutas con Crema.

These are things in the order that I saw and/or ate (cannibalism is frowned upon), and enjoyed on my visit to el Distrito. I love this place! Can't wait to come back to try all the delicious margaritas....and tap into the 60 varieties of Tequiiiilaaaa! Ay ya yayyyy
My friends have raved about this place for years and I kept on not having time to come for some reason, despite living minutes away but I'm glad I finally starting going because this place is really good. I've had dinner and happy hour here a couple times. 

Dinner is a fun affair. The Distrito has very festive decor and while the lighting is a bit dark in some places, I think it adds to the atmosphere. Their fajitas are huge and I've never been able to finish one in a single setting. Tacos are also amazing and even better when you come during happy hour for the discount. 

Happy Hour is totally worth it. Their margaritas are made to kill and overall, the food on the menu pairs really well with the drinks. Happy Hour nachos come in a huge serving and will definitely last you the entire time. I've hung out at distrito with friends, just chatting and continuously buying food and drinks.
I had high hopes and went out of my way on a business trip to try Distrito. I read about the place in a magazine and made a point to visit.

Margarita was excellent, fish tacos were good, but charge for chips and salsa. You're kidding me. I was in the bar area at a table, but for some unknown reason, the happy hour prices did not extend to my table 4 feet from the bar. 

Total bill for 2 margaritas, an order of fish tacos, chips and salsa was $51 with tip. A little on the high side. Ok, a lot on the high side for a single meal. 

Must be something about Yankee Tex Mex
Visited this place based on my fellow Yelpers' reviews while in Philly for a trip with friends. We wanted drinks and good food to celebrate, also something walking distance and affordable. Check check check and check!

The restaurant is really interestingly decorated. They use lights to their advantage and even though it's not huge on the first floor, the layout makes it look spacious and not too crowded. 

Our waiter was nice and attentive. He answered our questions well. I had the margarita ($5 for happy hour) which was good. Note you can get salt or sugar rim and either frozen or on the rocks. Friend liked the red sangria (also on special). 

The raved about guac was good but maybe not worth the price. I got the veggie nachos (on special) which were yummy and served in a fajita cast iron pan which was super cool. My friend enjoyed her pork quesadilla and I had a bite and totally agree. Even my pickiest friend was pleased with her meal!
It's been months since my friends and I have been able to enjoy Taco Tuesday at Distrito due to Covid. I heard they opened up a few weeks ago, and since my Rona results came back negative (#ronafree), I thought I'd celebrate (even though it was Monday). I ordered the traditional margarita and the nachos over the phone. They said it's be 15 minutes. So I pulled up on them. When I got there my food was ready, but they had given me the huge Margarita instead of the 16oz. I didn't realize this until after I paid... BUT then round the corner comes Joshua! (my fav server) he totally saved the day, refunded my card, adjusted my bill and got me the 16oz drink. I missed him! Lol... my friend and I say he's always making things better. He's like our friend in our heads (lol ‍). Anyways... we took our food to the park (but I heard they'll have outside seating soon) and we TORE UP our food okay?! Upon taking our first sip of margarita, I said, "mmm, this tastes just like Tuesday". Lol! Cause it did! I'm glad I got the 16oz cause it was strong  - my friend on the other hand got the huge margarita, and she didn't regret it. The drinks are ALWAYS strong, but so are we! 

We'll be back soon.
Have to agree with other yelpers, that while the food was tasty and the decor was classy, it was NOT worth it for the amount of money that we spent.  

We went only to take advantage of the 20% off student discount, which lightened the blow a little bit.  We got 5 tapas dishes, which the waistress said should be enough for two people.  The ceviche and moles that we got was TINT.  The moles came out and it was literally in a matchbox.  The rest were ok-sized.  None were my faves.  I could have gotten the same thing at any other mexican restaurant, for much cheaper.
distrito is phenomenal. sometimes places like it serve more pretension than good food. however, distrito is a genuine foodie destination. 

the los hongos are a must order. each bite is packed with a diversity of ingredients that work in concert to please every taste bud on one's tongue. other highlights amongst the small plates include the sopes and tuna ceviche. for dessert, the churros are a fantastic choice. i am not a chocolate person, but the accompanying choclate dipping sauce is decadent. 

while the portions appear to be small, they are adequately filling. in my opinion, the waiters suggest way more food than necessary. for a party of 4, 5-7 plates is adequate. while it may be on the expensive side, distrito is definitely worth every penny.
I dragged my parents there kicking and screaming.  They're not as excited to try new places as I am.  Well I have to say, my dad would not leave the restaurant before he could complement the manager on such a fine restaurant.  He doesn't do that often.  The restaurant is a well-decorated gem nestled in on a street that you could call 'the rough."   The decor is like nothing here in Philadelphia.  Masks, cars, wicker booths, and live music all make this place visually/audibly unforgettable. Now, don't come here if you want 1. traditional mexican food  2. cheap food  or 3. an unshareable single platter of food.  The best way to describe this place is "it's exactly like Tinto, wildly nontraditional with small plates to share except that it's with a Mexican flair."  We did the tasting, plus chips and guacamole.  We were overfull.  There was nothing we did not like.  We had so many different flavors coming to our table.  Everything from the drunken beans, skewered scallops, truffled mushroom with cuitlachoche, fish tacos (Mmm...), Caso Fundito, Carne Asada and just amazing dessert was unforgettable and unique and delicious.  Do NOT forget to get dessert.  Also, don't forget to get a Margarita or a special Mexican drink.  We ordered drinks with fresh watermelon, and it would be worth the trip just for those drinks.  All-in-all, apparently we loved it.  My dad even said he'd go back, which is indeed rare.
I don't understand what the hype is about? My friend and I arrive around 8pm on Sat and the girl at the front desk quickly told us that there was no availability on second level and we can only eat at their taqueria. We were seated promptly and our server was attentive. I went back and asked what the wait time was to be seated on the second level (not offered initially) and the girl stated about an hour, so I put my name down. 

Chips were cold, guacamole and salsa were bland, and my taco was dry. I did get the pozole and it was VERY GOOD. My friend got the carnitas tacos and stated they were good. The veggie quesadilla was pretty tasty as well. 

About an hour and 15 min later and my name was never called. Front desk service needs work. The girls did their best to do the bare minimum with guests. 

Maybe because I'm Mexican and have high standards for "Mexican"  food, I was disappointed. The decor is nice and the food was maybe a 6 at best. Service always brings restaurants down.
