After a long wait, I finally had the pleasure eating at Dizengoff. I'm middle eastern, so i obviously have high standards when it comes to hummus and pita. Let me tell you, the pita here was the best i've ever had in the U.S. they make the pita bread from scratch at the restaurant and its served hot and fresh. The hummus was delicious, there's nothing better than freshly made hummus. After finishing my meal i couldn't resist buying some pita bread to go. can't wait go go back!
If we were to help compile a list of Philly's 10 Best Eateries for the year 2017, Dizengoff will easily rank among the top three. Late last year, we got a copy of Zahav: A World of Israeli Cooking by chef, writer and restaurateur Michael Solomonov and also got to eat here finally! A great experience since we had tasty food, nice beer and the company of good friends for the evening.

A bowl of creamy, dreamy hummus with freshly baked pita bread hot out of the oven makes for a very comforting experience. The hummus selections change periodically except for Tehina (their regular variety) and so do their brews on tap. The staff were extremely friendly and service was great. 

Running a restaurant and maintaining an impeccable standard for food and service is a labor of love. To individuals dreaming of opening up a restaurant, a meal at Dizengoff is a "field study" for what success tastes and feels like from a clientele perspective.
Everyone knowns Zahav hands down, has THE best hummus EVER!! Not just in Philly, anywhere! I mean, Israeli quality, consistency and taste. I cannot tell you how thrilled I was to hear that I would be able to get that creamy bowl of heaven on the fly. Thank you Dizengoff!!! It's been a great couple of years so far!!

What's there really to say? If you've been, you know. If you haven't, you're super silly. Grab one of the changing daily and seasonal varieties served with warmed pita and Israeli salad in a pinch and for about $11-$14 or so depending on flavor. Portions are large and definitely shareable. There's always classic tahini, a meat and veg option. Ramp is my absolute favorite but really, you cannot possibly go wrong with any! Extra pita is $1. 

Shahuka is offered on Sundays. 

A few beers and frozen lemonade on the menu too. Complimentary fill your own water is available as is a bowl of those sweet, sticky sesame candies which bring me back to visits to Bubbie's house when I was a little girl. 

The place is small and often crowded, but I've never had a wait too long. Tables can sometimes be hard to come by and if that's the case we just take our order to picnic in Rittenhouse. Oh, and Caviar delivers this deliciousness to right to your front door! Yeah baby!

The casual space is decorated with bright Israeli street posters as a nod to the popular street in Tel Aviv for which it is named after.
We visited recently while looking for a quiet, not so crowded spot, to eat something while toting a toddler around the city. My instincts were right! I have never had such smooth and creamy hummus. The accompaniments were greatly appreciated. Just a heads up you will need atleast 2 pitas to finish your hummus so pay the extra $1 for the pita, up front. Each hummus plate includes 1.

Seating consists of 4 picnic tables and 1 ledge with a couple of bar stools. As I took my tray to the counter I noticed 2 more bar stools near the cashier but this space does not look usable, being the counter above the stools are blocked by stacks of trays. There are a few tables outside but no heaters, not really usable seating in the colder weather. Small space so I cant (better yet, dont want to) imagine what lunch rush looks like.

The service was very attentive. The staff were pleasant, explained the small menu, and made sure to quickly wipe tables for the next guests. They even brought over a water with a lid for my daughter which she greatly appreciated. I also, like that we were able to enjoy a beer with our hummus and at $4 its so cheap! While I won't be rushing to the city specifically to dine here, it's a great option when I am already there and need a quick meal.
The hummus is smoother than your best pick up line. 
The matbucha (smokey, flavorful roasted tomato salad) is richer than your uncle.
The Salitim is the loveliest way to compliment all of the perfect little bites. 

Have you ever had pita so good that you could eat it plain? Fresh, hot and soft. Perfection.

And The Israeli bazooka joe is the best. So charming and utterly nostalgic. 

I grew up in Queens and trips to the Israeli markets in Kew Gardens would result in treats like Bamba, Bisli, Crémbo when the weather cooled down and of course a handful of Israeli bazooka gum.

Keep the hummus coming. I'm excited to see the menu updates and specials.
The hype is real!
Was walking around center city yesterday and friends have told me to check this place out, but I never have before, so thought I'd give it a try.  It has a cool open ambiance, with a glass garage door as their opening, and an airy vibe that stays warm in the winter.  The seating inside is limited, so if you're with someone else in line and you see seats open up, one of you should grab them.  There is a large mirror to the left with a few seats, and then a picnic table to the right.  I presume most people order to go.

Their counter is in the back, but takes only a few steps to get there as the restaurant front is fairly small.  The gentleman who took my order (and brought me my food and hot sauce later) was extremely pleasant...in fact everyone working there seemed to have a smile on their face and greeted each and every customer.  That speaks volumes, as most tiny joints that are trying to get as many customers in and out won't necessarily do that.

The menu changes daily and you can find updates on their Instagram and other social media posts, but I believe they always have their regular hummus on the menus - Tehina.  They also have a couple of beers on tap, a drink special, and a couple non-alcoholic ones as well, in addition to free tap water in pitchers everywhere.  I ordered the Onion Hummus, per a friend's reco, and it was DELICIOUS.  By far the best hummus I've ever had, and I've had a fair amount of hummus in my day.  It wasn't overly flavorful or too thick.  The texture was just right, and it was creamy, filling, and tasty.  There were white sauteed onions in the middle, along with chopped walnuts around it.  The pita was warm and flaky, and was definitely awesome.  I hate to say it, but the pita was not the best I've ever had, but certainly up in the top three.  In addition to the hummus and pita, a nice side salad of cucumbers, onions, pickles, and a pepper was a great complement.

I was shocked as to how filling the dish actually is.  They also don't skimp you on the hummus and there's plenty to finish with the one pita bread they give you, if not more.  Overall a solid place and will definitely be coming back here.
Holy crap, this place takes hummus to a whole new level! We couldn't decide between pepper walnut and fried chickpea hummus so we told the cashier to pick for us. She surprised us and gave us pepper walnut hummus with an extra side of the fried chickpeas for free! Each order comes with a soft pita bread and a side of pickled vegetables for $11-12. The service was quick and friendly too!

This is simply phenomenal hummus. I can't wait to bring some to share with my family back in jersey!
So. Yeah. It's pretty darn good hummus. The pita is also delicious. But I can't help but feel like for $14 I could have had lunch at Parc or something.

I came here around 11am on Saturday to get myself an early lunch for takeout. The meat option that day was brisket, and they didn't have beets or any other veggie topping that sounded super appealing, so I went with the brisket. Got an extra pita per the suggestions in the reviews and I was glad I did. Service was perfunctory and not at all friendly - hungover maybe? My bowl of hummus came with a small side container of cucumber salad and pickles and the two pita per my request. Total was $14. Kind of staggering for a bowl of beans and a little meat on top, but OK I had been wanting to try it.

When I got home and dug in I was quite pleased, but left a little disappointed that it wasn't more... something. The hummus was a little too cuminy and could have used some more garlic or acid to brighten things up. It also had too much olive oil pooled on top. The brisket was absolutely delicious, and I really enjoyed the side salad with pickles but I wish the portion hadn't been so stingy.

I'm glad I tried it but I don't see myself going out of my way to have it again.
Thank you fellow Yelpers! This is certainly one of those spots I would have missed had it not been for your reviews. 

This was such a fun experience!

1.) they were shelling chickpeas while we were there - talk about fresh and made from scratch!

2.) I love Israeli food as it is but I especially appreciated their format of making the hummus the central focus of the meal with variations being how you topped the hummus (for example, eggplant, cauliflower, chicken almond, etc.). 

3.) Don't leave without ordering the frozen mint lemonade 

4.) The staff (possibly owners?) were extremely friendly and interactive. I'd give them five stars alone for the great customer service and answering all of my questions. 

5.) The pita chips and the accompanying seasoning are so good. You're in for a treat.
Wow, when I went to grab a quick lunch while nearby for work, I certainly didn't expect to experience hummus porn. 

Dizengoff is a small eatery specializing in hummus, and it certainly is special. Theres a small amount of seating options spread throughout, but you can also take your order to go. I opted to stay and had what was the best hummus experience ever.

There are various toppings that can be added to hummus orders, so I went with the spicy potato hummus. Simply put, the dish was from another universe. The best hummus I've ever tasted by a long shot. The potatoes had the perfect level of spice and mixed perfectly with the hummus. As for the hummus, it was warm, clearly freshly made and overall delicious. It had a gourmet taste to it that's hard to explain. The pita bread that came with it was freshly baked, warm and chewy. The combination of the two truly makes for a pretty unbelievable experience. 

The greatest part of this place is it's quick and easy. Normally food this food is only in a restaurant, so take advantage of the fact you can be in and out with what is likely the best hummus of your life.
I think this is one of the few places I've ever gone for lunch and wanted to go back for dinner on the same day.  Dizengoff was that good.  It is hands down the best hummus I've ever eaten.  This place one does one thing --hummus, but they do it right.  

The menu is hummus with five or six different toppings to choose from.  All come with fresh pita, salad, and pickles.  My husband and I both got the matbucha (stewed tomatoes with a soft boiled egg) topping since we'd heard so many good things about it on Yelp.  We also each ordered lemonada. 

The hummus was so creamy and the stewed tomatoes were rich and flavorful.  There is this amazing roasted chili sauce on the table that you can add to the hummus.  It adds just a little heat but also some smokiness.  The salad of cucumbers and tomatoes was light and fresh.  The pickles and pickled onions were fantastic with the hummus.  The pita bread had the perfect texture.  I think I will order an extra one next time just because it was so good, but you really don't need it unless you're starving.  I couldn't barely finish my meal because it is a generous portion.  

The frozen lemonada is refreshing and nice and tart.  Get it!

I'm planning on going back really soon and trying the cabbage and pickled mango hummus.  If you like hummus, you have to try this place!  I don't think it gets any better than this!
A step into Dizengoff transforms you to a small street stall in Israel. As you enter the open garage door you see a wall of posters from Israel to the left and another wall of colorful tiles to the right. Along the front wall is an old record player with albums humming along. 

You order at the counter and choose one of the four or so hummus options. When I went there were plain, one with ground lamb, another with tomato and egg, and a fourth with corn. They range from $9 to $11 or so. After you order you are given an old baseball card in a small stand to identify your order, as it is delivered to your seat. I was given Alex Rodriguez's card (just kidding)... 

Seriously though, my ground lamb hummus tasted like it was on steriods! It was very good and was served with mint, peas, and ground pistachio. It came with an airy, flour dusted, house made pita, two sides, and pickles and onions. On my first vist the sides were roasted cauliflower and zucchini (both very yummy) but the second visit featured a gaspacho-tasting tomato and cucumber side dish that I was not the biggest fan of. There are also spices on the table you can add to your liking and a hot jam like thing you can smear on the pita. Speaking of pitas you should order an extra one for $1 because you will likely need it given the amount of hummus you get. 

Right behind the counter is the large oven where the pitas are heated and you can see them bubbling up. The hummus itself is tasty, well blended and not greasy or gritty.

Maybe some day they will do a brisket hummus or a hummus with the Mesibah lamb shoulder from Zahav. Hint hint. That would be the bomb. 

To drink, Dizengoff has sodas, beer, and bottled water (there is tap water too).

For dessert don't forget to snag a piece of Bazooka bubble gum straight from Israel in the big jar on the counter. Kudos to you if you can read the comic in Hebrew. Clearly I did not pay enough attention in Hebrew school when I was a child so my comic was entirely incomprehensible.

Staff here are really friendly (especially Eilon from Zahav) and helpful and it's a fun, relaxed atmosphere (unless when it gets packed to the gills I suspect). Do realize it's a pretty small place with seating limited to four picnic tables with the engineered type wood substitute. It is comfortable inside and even with the garage door open it was cool thanks to the air conditioning. They do have a smaller traditional door for when it gets cold out. Hopefully it won't be too drafty in the winter when I am enjoying my umpteenth hummus of the year and still trying to decipher the comics!
Dizengoff is the only hummusiya I've seen outside of Israel, and it's also the most glam.  Even though it's named after Tel Aviv's famous main drag, Dizengoff takes a decidedly Philly (and fabulous) approach to hummus and pita.  Is it the walls plastered with concert posters, colorful tiles, and mirrors?  Is it the '90s-era hip-hop blaring over the speakers?  Is it Chef Michael Solomonov (swooooon!) making an unannounced appearance, clad in skinny jeans and an Adidas trackjacket, with rock-star entourage in tow?

Maybe it's all of the above.

Atmosphere aside, the food is amazing.  For $10, I had a large lunch plate of cucumber with cucumbers, although these weren't any plain old cucumbers.  They were bathed in dill and a spicy sauce, which the hummus itself helped cool down.  It also came with a small cucumber/tomato salad, a few pickles, and one of their signature made-in-house pitas.  The pita had a nice char and so much flavor that it barely needed the hummus.  Extra pita is available for $1, but the pitas are so large that extras aren't necessary.  I washed down my lunch with a frozen limonana, a uniquely sour and herbal take on a slushie.

The clientele is an entertaining mix of Center City office drones, local hipsters, and Penn students - diverse demographics that normally wouldn't collide if it weren't for their shared love of that delicious chickpea/tahini spread.  Nicely played, Chef Solomonov!
Had my first Dizengoff plate last week during a rainy winter day in Philly. When I first walked in it was very crowded (Noon on a Thursday) so I shopped around a little at Nordstrom Rack (a block away) before coming back. At 1pm, I was able to score a seat at one of the picnic tables for my boyfriend and I. The seating is communal so you'll probably end up sitting with someone you don't know and sharing a (free) water pitcher. 

After ordering, I watched the giant brick oven to see the pillows of fresh pita cook. It just made the short wait feel long haha. They also have a bunch of artsy pop art hebrew/israel posters on the walk that were interesting. When the food got was brought out to the table I was surprised to see that we got 3 pitas when we only ordered 2....=D I had ordered the Sweet Potato Hummus. There was a lot of bite sized pieces of Sweet Potato on top...not sure if there was any blended in....but dang it was good. It has a nice mild spice which you can amp up with the red stuff in the metal containers on the table. 3 pitas and the hummus were plenty for two people but you might not want to share cause it was THAT good.
Oh Dizengoff how I love you so
Warm freshly made pita but that hummus tho
So freakin silky smooth and spiced just right
I could eat you morning noon and night

SERIOUSLY. Go, eat all the hummus, try all the toppings, order extra pitas -trust me on this one. No one honors the chick pea better than this place plus service is fast & friendly. Then order takeout because you will want some more later but for now your belly is full and happy.
I've drank the Kool-aid and I love it!!! Yes this place is truly everything yelpers taste buds say it is! My favorite the beef hummus $12. It come with a small cucumber/tomato salad, and a delicious just out of the oven pita bread. Everything about this dish is full of flavor. It's rich but light on the stomach at the same time. I had no idea hummus could be all of this. I would have this for lunch once a week minimum if I could.
(to the tune of "Heathens" by Twenty One Pilots)

All the patrons in line, it's not slow.
May seem long but trust me, girl, I know.
Please, just know what you'll get when it's time
Otherwise, you're holding up the line.... (x2)

Welcome to a room of people 
Who are starving for hummus that they want today
All the way
Just because it's lunchtime, packed to the door
Doesn't mean their service gonna sway (never sway)
You're lovin' Limonana, waiting for your food
You're lovin' all the hub-bub, waiting for your food
You think "what's the whole wait for, waiting for this food?"
But once it's in your hands, you'll understand....

All the patrons in the line, they know.
May take a little bit, but they're not slow.
Please, just know what you'll get when it's time
Otherwise, you're holding up the line....

One bite of this piping hot pita swirled in the silken hummus, and you'll understand why folks flock to Dizengoff. The price is on-par with most Center City lunch joints, and what you get for your hummus order is a pocket of pita that's still warm from the oven, a little side of Israeli pickles and chopped salad, and a bowl of hummus topped with whatever you choose. There's no way to go wrong. If you like hummus at all, you'll be delighted. If you don't like hummus, you're still probably going to like this stuff. 

It's unfortunate that there's not much seating (they have some outdoor spots when the weather's okay, but it's still mobbed). BUT the food makes for a great take-out option, so swing by the park or back to your office, because hummus from Diz will NEVER make for a sad-desk-lunch.
Wow. Why can't all Mediterranean and Middle Eastern restaurants be this good? Dizengoff is an Israeli restaurant with *the* best hummus I've had to date, anywhere, and probably the best pita too. This place is simply outstanding. Stop reading and go. Now. (After writing over 3,400 Yelp reviews over the past 11+ years, I've never written that before.)

This is a small fast-casual restaurant that opened in Center City in 2014. A second location opened inside the Whole Foods behind the Rodin Museum in 2016. It's named after Dizengoff Street, a major street in Tel Aviv (the street, in turn, is named after the first mayor of Tel Aviv).

We showed up on a Saturday around 12:45pm. All seats inside were taken. Then again, there are only about 15-20 seats inside. We got lucky and scored some seats at the communal table shortly after placing our order. The line to order was short, but there was a steady stream of customers the entire time we were there (we left by 1:30pm). Staff keeps the line moving. This place is popular and does good business. It's a well-oiled machine. There are four small umbrella-covered tables outside on the sidewalk, but the weather was so hot that no one was sitting at them.

This is a trendy spot with a sort of hipstery vibe. Dizengoff's logo is bright pink and the front door frame and patio furniture are a bold orange color. The storefront has a retractable door that presumably cranks open when the weather is nice. Inside, there's an open kitchen featuring a Wood Stove brand oven where all the fresh, scratch-made pitas are baked.

The menu is short and simple. They serve hummus in five different varieties/toppings -- tehina, chicken, pepper, cucumber, and cauliflower -- priced at $10-13 each. All menu prices include tax. I think the food is affordable especially when you consider its quality and deliciousness. Each order of hummus includes fresh-baked pita and two sides, one of which is a Jerusalem salad with pickle, and the other a surprise (well, to us they were). Most Mediterranean and Middle Eastern restaurants serve hummus as an appetizer or side, but here it's an entree and it's good.

You can make small additions to any hummus order such as extra pita ($1), egg ($1), and pita chips ($3) and you can add any topping on the side. In addition, they offer Za'atar roasted chicken dinners to-go ($36) and shakshuka, a North African dish made with eggs poached in a tomato-chili pepper sauce, on Sundays. Alcoholic beverages (beer, white wine, rose) are available for $4-8 each and they sell a frozen lemonana synonymous to, I think, the Middle Eastern limonana drink which is a frozen mint lemonade ($4 without booze, $8 with). Happy hour runs daily, 6-8pm.

We ordered one hummus with tehina and egg ($10 + $1 = $11) and one hummus with chicken ($13). Both orders were phenomenal. Along with the pita and Jerusalem salads with pickles mentioned above, the hummus with tehina and egg came with a marinated cucumber side salad and the hummus with chicken came with a roasted red pepper side salad. We noticed these sides were the same as the "cucumber" and "pepper" hummus toppings listed on the menu. I'm not sure how they decided which ones we'd get (they didn't ask us), but we liked the variety and enjoyed them both. They were flavorful and delicious.

Each order was served on its on tray. The arrangement of the dishes and the presentation of each individual dish was colorful and beautiful. The food tasted as good as it looked: excellent all around. Everything tasted incredibly fresh and high quality. The hummus was super smooth, creamy, and delectable. It had an extra bit of tehina (same as tahini or toasted ground sesame seeds) flavor. Both the hummus with tehina and egg and the hummus with chicken were nicely seasoned and packed with mouthwatering flavor. The jammy soft-boiled egg was cooked perfectly. The chicken was tasty; it didn't overpower the hummus and complemented it well. The pita was served hot/warm, each serving in its own paper sleeve. The pita had exited the oven just minutes (seconds?) before being served to us. They were soft and pillowy and were appetizingly charred/toasted on the outside. So good.

I also had a frozen lemonana ($4). It was tart and refreshing. I think it's worth getting and perfect for hot summer days. It's like a minty lemonade slushy.

Not only was the food great, but the service was too. We didn't get his name, but the cashier who served us was very friendly and helpful. White guy, curly hair, glasses, pink Dizengoff shirt. The young blonde girl busing tables was nice and sweet too.

When it comes to taste, price, and service, Dizengoff is a must-try restaurant in Philly, in my opinion.
This is the hot spot of the week downtown, with doors just opening the other day. It is definitely one of a kind in Philadelphia, with a focus on good quality hummus, and not much else. Oh, except pita - the pita is unbelievable here.

At first, while standing in line for 20 minutes, I thought to myself that this hummus plate can't possibly be worth the $10+ that I am about to pay for it. And although I wouldn't pay much more than this for a taste of the city's best hummus, I'm really glad I did. It was so smooth, creamy, and delicious topped with peppers, tomatoes, and hardboiled egg. And like I said, the pita is crazy good. You also get a very generous amount of hummus - enough to take home with you if you wanted.

Of course, this is not an everyday lunch, but it's definitely worth trying, and a nice, refreshing take on a healthy and exciting meal. I hope that they rotate the sides and switch up the hummus specials, and I think that will keep people interested and coming back for more.
I finally tried Dizengoff and it was worth the hype. Creamiest and most smooth hummus I've ever tasted. Love the spice blend out on the table. Warm pita bread fresh from the oven. I'll be back.
The hummus is unlike any hummus you'll ever have (Zahav). And once you have it, you won't like any other hummus, so it's a problem. No hummus pics here. Have it, and have it again.

I also attended a popup where there was a special item called Jerusalem Mixed Grill - turkey breast, chicken hearts, and a ton of other stuff. I'd give it 4 stars, simply because I felt it was a tad over salted (and the accompanying chips were extra salty as well). 

But, have the hummus.
I truly have no intentions of trying to be contrarian, but after reading so many 5 star reviews, I feel compelled to leave a review from the perspective of someone who eats a ton of hummus on a regular basis and hasn't just been drinking the Zahav kool-aid (still haven't been to Zahav and it's next on my list!).

The hummus is good. But it doesn't blow my mind. I actually find it to be sort of bland, and definitely doesn't contain enough tehina or lemon juice. The toppings that you can elect to get make it unique, but they don't always ....work. For instance, I got a lentil topping out of curiosity, but it just tasted like a salty pile of beans on top of a bean dip. No unique flavors, just salty. Same with the shakshuka, good and fine, but I can make better and more interesting shakshuka at home. The pita, however, is truly great. That, I will certainly give them ample credit for.

The point is, at the end of the day, hummus varies a lot and different people like different tastes. I don't think there is anything inherently outstanding about Dizengoff's hummus - it just is. If you want to pay $12 for some hummus and pita, this would be a good place to do it, but if you'd rather spend your $12 on something a little more unique and impactful on your palate, there are plenty of other places to do that.
Order an extra pita at the counter.  You'll need it.  And watch out, they leave a trail of flour dust...

Smart move here by the CookNSolo team.  Pretty much a rewash of the Federal Donuts concept but substituting chicken & donuts for hummus and Israeli chic decor.  Is this bad?  Not at all - they do an awesome job on all fronts.  Does it fill a void you never knew needed filling?  Yes, probably.  Should it be in your food rotation?  Yup.  Perfect lighter option on the weekend or for lunch if you work nearby.

Let's be real though.  Hummus, not matter how good, is just hummus.  It's like guacamole.  Sure it's nice to dip carbs in, dress up a sandwich/burrito/whatever, but l wouldn't it be weird if someone opened a guac shack?  Like with different kinds of guac, some options to mix some interesting/traditional spins, that you could enjoy at communal tables with kitschy Mexican stuff on the walls, craft Mexican cervezas on tap, and frozen drinks?

Actually...did I just create a thing?  Garces? Garces! You could/should do this!  Hit me up!  

Guac Shaq (C) (R) - coming to a Center City side street and/or beleaguered Atlantic City casino soon!
Once you've had good hummus, you can never go back to buying that stuff in the deli section of your grocery store, am I right? My husband I visited Dizengoff for lunch recently when we were in Philadelphia for a day trip. I had been looking forward to trying Dizengoff for a while, and it lived up to my expectations. We got the chicken almond hummus with the haminado egg and an extra pita, and it came with a side beet salad. I loved everything. The hummus is creamy and smooth and amazing. The toppings were great. The pita was steaming and fluffy like a cloud. Even the beet salad (and that buried pickle) was great. We walked in and ordered but our meal was brought out to us at one of their tables outside. All in all, it was just an excellent lunch. I'd happily eat there again.
Brace yourself for brain freezes & some fan-freakin-tastic hummus!

Dizengoff does wonders with a limited menu of rich, creamy hummus, topping each dish with a rotating selection of meats and veggies.  The pita is the fluffiest, softest, and chewiest I've ever had.  And the lemonnana is a deliciously tart, herbaceous (mint & basil?) frozen treat.  Everything was phenomenal!

Word to the wise -- let the kitchen know if you have any food allergies.  I ordered the beet hummus, which to my surprise came with raisins, pistachios, and other delicious spices along with the shredded beets.  Go ahead and get selfish -- order an extra pita for $1 so you can split your dish into two meals.

Pro tip: it's been several weeks since Dizengoff opened and they still sell out of pita/ platters.  Get there before 2pm to satisfy your craving.  When we got in line (1pm or so) there were no seats available, but by the time we ordered there were several seats open.  

My parting thoughts?  Don't overlook tipping at this "fast" food concept.  On a busy weekday lunch there was only one woman serving the dishes as they came up to the pass and clearing tables.  She did an awesome job keeping the place tidy & flipping tables.
I've had this place on my list for a while and I had a chance to take my sister visiting from Malaysia.

We shared the roasted asparagus hummus with 2 warm pita and a soft boiled egg. It was more of a snack and perfect for the 2 of us. 

The hummus had a little more cumin that I'm used to but overall it was creamy and so savory. I can't wait to go back.

Normally the hummus comes with 1 pita, a side of cucumber salad. Next time I plan on ordering the one with chicken salad for extra protein.
In town for the weekend and decided to try dizi as we have heard great things about zahav and the Chelsea market chain in NYC.  The place is definitely cool, but hummus was terrible.  Had the tahina.  It was worse than sabra, in texture and flavor.  Far too salty not enough cumin or tehina.  My wife's Israeli and we are there 3 times a year at least.  This is just poor quality hummus and has nothing in common with good hummus places you'll find in Israel and more in common with mediocre store made hummus.  Have no idea what people giving good reviews are eating (maybe I got a bad batch?) or if their tastes are different, but those expecting authentic Israeli or Arabic style hummus will be disappointed.
If you are hoarded up in your center city office cubicle, and the highlight of your day is seeking out a new place for lunch, score!  I was headed out on my quest for a new and exciting place for lunch break, and had to try the "new hummus spot" on 17th & Sansom, because nobody could properly pronounce the real name. Well, Dizenhoff, bravo.  Your hummus was phenomenal.  I had the hummus with corn combo.  The hummus was so smooth, with the perfect amount of olive oil poured on top. Great presentation , even in my to-go container!  All the hummus dishes come with a huge, warm, fluffy, easy to rip open pita, which was one of the best pitas I've ever tasted.  The side of cauliflower/pickle/onion/beet mix was also good, but I wouldn't order it alone.  For the steep $10 you pay for a hummus plate, it was nice to get a little more than just hummus.  

There's really no front door, the entire "garage" style wall opens up and you just walk right in to order at the register.  If you're looking to sit down, look elsewhere, there's only 2-3 small picnic tables inside.  This place is clearly meant for carry out only!! 

The staff were funny and awesome, even when the long line was out the door and down the sidewalk.  The Israel decor was vibrant and kept your eyes entertained.  

Overall: Amazing hummus.  Long lunch line but moves fast.  No seating.  Great presentation.  Great staff.  Expensive.  Best pita ever.  Amazing hummus, again.  Just Try it!
It's not even slightly surprising that Michael Solomonov delivers a cool, tasty, and authentic concept but that shouldn't tamper anyone's excitement. This hole-in-the-wall on purpose hummusiya is kvell worthy. Real Jews a 1000000% approve this message from the Zahav master. All of the hummus options are inspiring and comforting, and nothing beats warm pita straight from the fire. Fluffy, Carby, deliciousness 

You can finish the fun with fresh doughnuts from Solomonov's fednuts right across the street. Happy eating!
As a true carnivore, I would actually consider going vegetarian for their hummus. This is one of the few places that lives up to its hype and undoubtedly resets the standard for all things hummus. I don't care if you're giving this review the side-eye right now - this is what it is: the best. I'd go into detail about the luxuriously rich taste and creamy texture of their hummus and the fluffy goodness that is their pita, but I believe the best way to turn a skeptic into a believer in this case is to take a dip (pun intended). 

One serving of hummus (comes with pickled sides, diced cucumbers, etc.) is enough to feed two esp. if you get an extra pita. Daily menu changes so there are incentives to return for different choices. You'll likely be sharing a long table with other visitors, but this place is spacious and casual enough to allow good conversations. Best for lunch and snacking.
(4.5 stars) This spot fills up quickly for lunch but it's understandable why. The hummus is awesome, flavorful and unique. It does though have a lot of oil and can feel pretty heavy quickly. One of them is surely enough for a meal, though you'll definitely need more than one piece of pita. They're perfect for sharing so getting a few to try is a great option. Also the accompanying side of diced vegetables offered a nice palate cleanser in between bites and switching hummuses.
Going to Dizengoff is simple--walk in (shut the door), join the line, and pick between plain hummus or a selection of revolving toppings (lamb, beef, egg, cucumbers, etc). 

The hummus is a carbon copy of Zahav's, and you have to really love hummus to be able to finish an order here because the portion is huge... which is probably why it's $11-15 a plate. I still haven't made it in for the (coveted) lamb, but if the beef is any comparison, it's perfectly crumbled so that it can appear in every bite. The pita is airy, the sides provide crisp contrast to the main dish, and the lemonada is delicious (plus, it's able to be spiked with gin!).

If you are craving the best hummus in the city, but don't want to make the trek to Zahav for a formal sit-down, go to Dizengoff. Everything about this place is no-nonsense--and "speedy" is their middle name.
This was my first time here and my friend insisted we go early to avoid the line, and good thing we did! I've passed this place a few times and I'm always thinking "what's the hype....it's just hummus". And while on line I'm still thinking this, and complaining to my friend that she's making me eat hummus for lunch. 

I'm converted. GUYS. This place is so good. I don't know what it is. It's just hummus, right! NO. IT'S SO GOOD. I found myself craving this place every day for the whole next week. I purchased store hummus and couldn't eat it because I was so spoiled from this place. I can't explain that flavor or why it's so good, but this is now a go to lunch spot. I will wait in that line. 

I got the pickled veggies and decided to mix everything directly in the hummus (not sure how you're supposed to do it) and I loved it. That pita is something else. It puts Cava pita (which is trash...I love Cava, but the pita is awful) and Naf Naf pita (which isn't bad when fresh) to shame. They change the options every day which is kind of exciting. You never know what you'll get. 

Go here.
Since my strict anti-grade inflation policy, I've been stingy with the #MerlinFIIIIIIVEEEEEs (imagine I said that loud and elongated the vowels while elevating the pitch!) I was pretty sure this place wouldn't be getting one when I walked in. For one, there are communal tables -- like overhearing awkward Tinder dates?! -- and there isn't much seating in any of them. After my group ordered, I panicked, worried that there'd be no seating when food arrived, and we'd have to stand holding it like total DOPES. (It was raining outside: good luck with that option!!) We were a party of five, and I was going nuts, though expressing it with an inside voice so as not to stress out the others.

Alas, the stars aligned, and a table vacated.The food also made up for the setting. I had a chicken and squash hummus (two different dishes) and they were insane, plus shakshuka (sp), which I had never had before, and that's why I'm not sure how to spell it. It's this tomato and egg thing that's out of this world. It looks small but is pretty heavy, so try and come in with a relatively empty stomach. 

The dude who owns the place is also pretty nice: he gave us a free off-menu squash hummus (sp) and also modified my Seattle friend Julie D.'s order when she wanted a slight egg adjustment. 

The whole place is super cheap, too. Even communal tables couldn't make the experience anything less than transcendent!!!
It would be an understatement to say this place has a few kinks to work out. Yeah, I get it. The new kid on the block is all the rage, so everyone is flocking there (including me) for lunch. Everyone is waiting in line at least 15 minutes to order. Everyone is then waiting an additional 10 minutes for their food to come out. But did everyone else finally leave with food in hand, only to realize 5 minutes later they didn't get any pita? Did I do something wrong? Did I forget to say "Hey, I want some pita with that hummus, yo"? No, I surely didn't forget to say it, and given that all orders are supposed to come with pita (Hummus For Dummies), I was disappointed to realize that mine was forgotten. Back at the restaurant (now 30 minutes into my lunch break and still hangry), the woman who was assembling the to-go bags gave me an odd look as if I had just demanded her first born. No lady, I just want my pita. Two actually, since I paid for two orders of hummus. And the hummus itself? Not that good. I mean, it was OK. But for $9-$10 per serving, it should be better than OK. Nothing about this place is memorable for me, except for the long line I waited in for mediocre hummus and no pita.
We decided to give Dizengoff a try after a 2nd failed attempt to try the Octopus Falafel truck for lunch (if anyone knows of his current whereabouts - hmu!) and my expectations were completely exceeded.

Ordering was easy and the simplicity of the menu was nice given that it was our first time here. I asked the guy taking our order his thoughts on the chicken skin vs eggplant and almond hummus and he immediately recommended the eggplant - love the confidence!!

We ordered the eggplant and almond with an egg and extra pita. Sooo delicious. I don't even like hummus, but I could not get enough of this creamy goodness. One order was plenty for two hungry people. Definitely needed the 2nd pita, but the egg while delicious, I could do without next time.
This place is worth all the hype and the amazing reviews. You guys this isn't just regular hummus it's magical. I really enjoyed eating this meal. They usually have a variety of flavors that changes daily or multiple times a day. So we tried the beets hummus and the pickled cabbage I believe. The pickled cabbage was fantastic. I would totally go back just to eat more of this.
If Dizengoff were a chain, Sabra Hummus would be out of business. Because, then everyone would know what real hummus tastes like (sorry, Sabra: just my homage to Jon Stewart running joke on Arby's)

Dizengoff is my favorite fast food restaurant. I'm just completely in love with the concept of a Humusiya, and Solomonoff executed perfectly on it. Dizengoff illustrates the power of focus: concentrate on just one specialty and perfect all details related to it.

Much that I hate showing up at the same place repeatedly, there was a time last year when it's as if my feet were on auto-pilot when it came to lunch time. Always a fan of the silkiest possible hummus at Zahav, it was fun to just grab a spot at one of the communal tables and hear stories from what I think is the most eclectic clientele in Philly: students debating summer travel or future professional goals, visitors plotting the rest of their afternoon, people from the suburbs relaxing before continuing with their shopping, couples on a date, families, students with out-of-town parents, stroller moms, "foodies", residents of nearby apartment buildings...

It's quick. You'll get served in less than 5 minutes. It's casual. It's affordable. Damages are less than $12. There's something for everyone: variety for the carnivore (fried chicken skins, ground lamb, beef) not just the vegetarian. Carboholics should love the fluffy hot pita (even if I love the Laafa at Zahav more). Spice heads can get one of the spiciest versions of Shakshuka on Sundays. I swear, it burns me up inside later, even if I pay no attention to the heat while chowing down with the accompanying Focaccia bread. Fans of the Frozen Lemonnana (Israeli mint lemonade) at Zahav can get their fill of that here. There's a solid beer list...

I'd say: Come one, come all. But, I expect almost everyone knows about it already... (4.5 stars).
Holly hummus heaven! 

I did not think i would love this place this much after all its just hummus right? well, wrong! I do not know what they put in the hummus, but its super creamy, and delicious. They rotate the different flavors to keep it interesting. I tried the pistachio and lamb as well as the corn one and i was not disappointed at all. Its a bit pricey for "just hummus" but make sure to get an extra pita because they definitely give you way too much. This way you get lunch and an afternoon snack! The place is quite small so i would advise getting take out. They also give you free water at the corner by the counter while you wait for your yummy hummus. Yep, i am addicted!
When a place serves up nothing but hummus, and you are expected to eat hummus as a meal and not an appetizer, then you owe it to yourself to check it out!  

And I was not disappointed!! This place surprised me. I didn't know hummus can taste this good. 


This is probably the best hummus I ever had. It's flavorful, soooo smooth and creamy. Just give me a spoon and I can eat it like a soup! 

I got the eggplant hummus and find the eggplant to be too salty for my taste. But the hummus is the real star here.
Walking into Dizengoff instantly makes me feel like I'm in Tel Aviv all over again. I have anticipated the opening of this place for months, so I can have my real Israeli hummus fix (without treating myself to Zahav weekly). 

Chef and his team have truly outdone themselves with the authenticity of the various types of hummus, seating style and of course, the limonana. The matbucha and lamb are out of this world and for someone who can't eat gluten, the staff always hooks me up with extra pickles and cucumber. 

I'm so happy an authentic hummusiya has finally opened in Philly,  and everyone can ditch the Sabra once and for all.
The pita is good. Music and decor are fun too, although suspiciously reminiscent of a famous Israeli restaurant called "Mahneyuda".  
The "salad" was stale, lazily cut cucumbers and tomatoes. The onions were weirdly pickled.  
If you like hummus with your cumin, than this is the place for you. My experience is that when one adds tons of cumin to hummus, its usually to cover up bad choices in tahini and/or the hummus beans. 
Anyway, won't see me back here. 
Two stars for the pita and atmosphere. One star for the rest of the food.
Finally got a chance to try this place out. Tried a few times but it's always packed during weekday lunch. Managed to go early (11:45) and got seating too. Place is tiny. But line moved quickly and so did diners on their lunch break.

It was a nice day so they had the garage door thing open. Me and my friend managed to score 2 seats on the picnic table. We ordered the Beef and Carrot. The food came fairly quickly. I love the pita!!! Super fresh, warm, and delicious! The dish comes with two sides: a simple tomato, cucumber, onion salad and a pickle with blanched onion slices. The salad was amazing with the hummus and beef (or carrot). Just really amazing. 

The beef was savory a touch salty but mixing it with the hummus made it a perfect combo. I thought the carrot was perfectly cooked and was very good with the hummus. They were both really good so it is difficult to say which i'd order again. Perhaps just get both!! 

I craved hummus multiple times during the work week so i'll definitely stop by more, especially when the weather is nice out!
Well it's great hummus. But you knew that. Try to sit at the bar area to watch the chef's immortal technique in spreading the humus around the bowls. Definitially fine art. I'd make sure to try the fennel and almond variety. It's quite unique and and the almond crunch is delightful.
We've slowly checked off each Cook n Solo restaurant from our list, and Dizengoff was next up! While we've had the famous Zahav hummus at Zahav, Laser Wolf, and Merkaz, we were excited to try a restaurant that mainly focused on the wonderful dish. We ordered for pickup at 5:45 on a Friday night, and while we had to wait a bit for our order to be finalized, it wasn't too too long of a wait! The ordering process online was extremely easy, although I recommend ordering in the daytime (after they've opened), since if you look to order at night for pick up the next day, it may appear that they are out of items already and will not allow you to order.

As you may have guessed, hummus is the name of the game at Dizengoff, but they also feature a variety of toppings to supplement the main dish. We ordered the pint package as our base - for $15, you get a pint of hummus, a pint of seasonal salad, and 4 pita - a great deal!! The hummus is honestly unlike any other hummus I've had - it's incredibly creamy and smooth with rich olive oil drizzled on top. Truly a delight. And the pita is second to none - so fluffy and airy and the perfect amount of density to withstand the toppings. No other pita compares! The seasonal salad was a mix of pickled cabbage, cucumber, and radish - a light and refreshing addition. We also opted for 2 additional half pints, 1 vegetable and 1 meat. The veggie one quite creamy and delicious, but we couldn't put our name on the flavors - perhaps lentil and mushroom? The meat was ground beef (we presume?) with flavors that beautifully stood out - cinnamon, cardamon, very warm spices. I'm glad we only got the half pints of these - while they were great, the serving size was just right. We also got 2 additional pita ($1!), which helped make our meal last an additional night. 

Overall, Dizengoff, not surprisingly, is another standout Cook n Solo restaurant. If you're in the mood for hummus and not feeling a full meal at Zahav / Laser Wolf, this is your go to spot. Definitely try out the toppings, and definitely get extra pita! We can't wait to make it back for more!
Spectacular hummus and fantastic, fresh pita. The line moves quickly, and the staff is attentive and friendly.
Highly recommend adding an egg -- really elevated the meal for me.
Michael Solomonov is the only person who could make my picky boyfriend like hummus.  After he saw the hummus light at Zahav, we knew we had to try Dizengoff.  When I was around the corner at Philly Runner, it seemed like the perfect excuse to stop in for some hummus to go. 

The menu is small, which makes it easy to make quick decisions.  A platter includes a hummus, one pita, and a side of beet salad with a pickle.  I opted for the pickle hummus for myself, the chicken for him, and added on an extra pita ($1) for each of us.  That came to a hefty total for hummus, but the extra pita was totally worth it - we each made the platter last two days. 

There's limited seating, but given the solid beer options (they had tired hands on tap) and the way everything is served warm, I wished I had time to sit and eat. Instead I opted for a quick bite on my way out the door, and will be back for the dine-in experience soon!
To maximize the Dizengoff experience: go with people who love to share, order a couple of the day's hummus offerings, get an order of extra homemade pita, and avoid prime time eating hours. And any dish with cauliflower is worth ordering because sesame + chickpea + cauliflower is simply irresistible.

So simple, so yummy, and there's just enough variety in the daily selections that you can convince yourself in good conscience that it's okay to eat here multiple times per month...
In hummus heaven! Hummus is one of my favorite food and I can't believe I waited this long to try this place. The hype is REAL. It is that good! The pita is super warm and the hummus is so flavorful and creamy. Not much seating but with hummus as the only good you'll find something shortly. The day I went it wasn't busy so the employees were nice and took my tray. Definitely have to make this a regular spot now.
Right in the middle of the block- Dizengoff has a open garage vibe- drawing in the crowd. Snazzy decor- small and intimate- fun and colorful.

I opted for the Matbucha: Hummus- tomato salad- 1/2 hard boiled egg - 10 bucks . The seasonal salad included cauliflower and charred eggplant both meaty and yummy. The pickles are ok. The outstanding component of the dish was the stewy tomato on top of the hummus- gave the dish depth and complexity.

The hummus is good- pita was piping hot- lots of energy in the store- good for a quick bite in Rittenhouse.
Eat here and you are in for a treat. First of all I had no idea that hummus can be so creamy, smooth, and delicious. I ordered the red pepper, eggplant hummus which came with a small cucumber side salad as well as the mint lemonade. I didn't expect for the food to actually live up to all the hype, but it sure did. We got there around 11:45 to try to beat the lunch rush but there was still a line out of the door. Luckily the line moved quickly, and we were to the front in about 10 minutes. Our food also came our rather quickly within a few minutes and that's when I realized what heaven in a bite tastes like. The bread is was small fresh and warm, and the lemonade was extremely tasty. I will definitely be back and will recommend Dizengoff to my friends.
I think everyone would enjoy this is you like or don't like hummus, it's just that good! Most have already said everything - creamiest hummus, great pickles and side salad, fresh pita! I like that the menu only has about 4-5 types of hummus but I wish they offered fallafel or something else like a meat side with the hummus. 

It is fun to try and when you order they give you baseball cards as place holders!
Absolutely love dizengoff!!

Favorites:
Lamb hummus
Chicken hummus
The workers. Seriously always SO nice and helpful!

The babaganoush is not the best. 

The cauliflower is salty and smooth and a great change up side dish!

The PITA ALONE makes the trip worth it!

Tips: the venue is small with 3 large bench style tables but they do have a high chair if you need!
This was by far the best food I had during my week in Philly. The hummus, as others note, is incredible. It's silky, it lacks that weird store-bought acidity and sesame-ness, and it is far more savoury/oily. It's not overly spiced/seasoned and compliments it's toppings very well. 

I got the hummus with a pita and ground lamb. The pita was outstanding. Still hot, fresh, and with an excellent, almost buttery crumb. The lamb was outstanding. It was beautifully savory and nicely seasoned. This kitchen clearly really takes pride in producing quality food. Unabashedly 5 stars. This is a unique meal that renders the choice to attend the countless "american food" joints nearby utterly unintelligible. Go to Dizengoff immediately.
Some friends and I stopped in Dizengoff on a beautiful April Saturday, grabbed some hummus to go and ate it in the spring gardens. It was all perfection. 

We got three varieties of hummus: the tahina, almonds & onions, and pecans & peppers. The tahina was my favorite, because it was just so smooth and creamy. It had paprika sprinkled on top and little pools of beautiful oil. The other two types were also so good--and I particularly enjoyed the almonds & onion. Each order of hummus comes with one super fluffy and thick piece of pita, which worked out perfectly size-wise with the hummus!
service was poor--lady at register was unwilling to explain the menu and seemed annoyed at us asking a couple questions.  Hummus was good and smooth.
The hummus here is amazing, but most people already know this!  I ate from the location in Whole Foods on Philadelphia Ave.  You get a huge portion of hummus, some salad, and fresh pita bread.  So fresh!  The hummus is extra creamy so it must be loaded with olive oil.  Very good.
Love the concept of this small shop, a part of Michael Solomonov, the owner of Zahav and Federal Donuts.

Love places with small simple menus, make the decision making easier and puts you at ease knowing that this is their specialty.

Modeled after hummus houses you can find in the Middle East, Dizengoff basically does one thing and one thing well: Hummus. The hummus is the same as the famed Zahav located in Society Hill. It comes out quick, with a fresh loaf of pita and an assortment of fresh delicious vegetable mix of cherry tomatoes, onions and cucumber. So far I have tried the tehina and the brussel sprout hummus. Was not a huge fan of the brussel sprout, thought it was too clunky and threw off the balance of the dish. 

I also came on a Sunday and was delighted to see that they served Shakshuka! It is the best hangover meal with all the fixin' to get you onto the rest of your day. For a quick simple meal packed with a lot of flavor, Dizengoff relies on traditional inspiration to broaden Philly's ever growing ethnic cultural food scene.
If you like fresh, this is definitely your place. Pita bread comes out hot from the oven, the hummus is scooped into your bowl after its ordered, the cucumber salad is so light and refreshing, and you also can get free cold water. I've been here about 4-5 times already and I've never been disappointed.

Lines can get really long but don't let that scare you off. It does move pretty fast. The workers here know how to run their business. They are so nice and never rush you with questions you may have. You order, they give u a number, and you sit down and wait for the deliciousness to arrive.

One thing I recommend is to come with someone. I like having 2 types of toppings. The last time I came here, my friend ordered the beef (savory) and I ordered the carrot (for that slight sweetness). It was the perfect balance. Of course though, you can still come alone and still get amazing hummus here. Definitely one of the best in the city.
This place literally just serves hummus. I think this may be a great idea for a restaurant to open up in Toronto cuz it may end up being very popular. Hummus is a very healthy food choice.

The hummus was smooth, silky and so creamy. It did not disappoint. The only downfall was the eggplant that I picked with the hummus. It was one of their dish choices for $1 more. I thought it was a safe choice but it was a total disappointment. It didn't go well with the hummus at all as it was too salty. I couldn't finish it. To be safe, just stick with the hummus unless you know for sure the other side choices are good based on the past reviews. 

Each hummus dish comes with a piece of pita bread. The restaurant is more of a order and pay at the counter. The staff then brings it to your table.

I highly recommend trying this place if you are ever in Philly's.
Ahhhh! HOW does Solomonov get his hummus SO DARN CREAMY and DELICIOUS?!?!?! And did he master the art of pickling? I foresee a forthcoming hummus party as the result of experimenting to create Zahav/Dizengoff-style hummus and I could eat the pickled veggies alllll day.

Can't speak to the establishment itself, as today I dined on take-out acquired by another, other than to say that I was sadly disappointed last time I made an attempt to dine-in ('cause they were sold out...sold out sadness!!).

In any case, all four hummuses on the menu today were fabulous. I think the lamb and the hominy were my favorite. The lamb itself was well-cooked and so flavorful: it paired perfectly with the hummus. Loved the blue corn in the hominy hummus: fun texture addition! The beet hummus was solid, too: beets were cooked to the perfect tenderness (not too hard, not too soft), and had a nice, not-too-sweet flavor. And of course no one can go wrong with the traditional hummus, particularly on Dizengoff's fluffy pita bread: more like naan than pita you'd pick up in the supermarket.

Will definitely return, though for elevensies, 'cause apparently by 11:26AM the line was out-the-door!
Some have an unhealthy obsession to cats, crossfit, or  power yoga.  My weakness is Dizengoff's hummus.

The staff is amazing, the food is delicious and relatively healthy, and the menu options change daily so they're is almost always something new to try.

On my first visit, the order of freshly, brick-oven baked pita with tehina hummus was ready the moment I finished paying.  The fastest service ever!

If you're not sure what to get, ask Christina for a recommendation.  Definitely my go-to server.  She always gave me the perfect advice.  Don't forget to tip!

It is definitely my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia and is perfect if you're looking for nice, clean but not R2L-level formal.
I've always dreamt of Zahav's hummus, and now that Dizengoff opened, it's literally a dream come true! After having them, I haven't been able to find the same creaminess, richness, and flavorful hummus anywhere else.

All I can say is that even my most carnivorous meat loving friends surrendered themselves over to becoming a Dizengoff hummus fanatic! And the good thing is if they are craving for meat still afterward... there's the famous Federal Donuts next door for fried chicken :) it's a win-win!
I was blown away by the food here and I didn't even eat in! My brother brought home take out which included the eggplant hummus and the brisket hummus, pita and saltim. While I don't eat red meat, I devoured the eggplant hummus and literally could not stop stuffing my face with the deliciousness that sat in that bowl. The hummus was so earthy and smoky and had  such great flavor. The pita were amazing; even cold, they were incredible!!!!!!
I simply cannot wait to try the food from here fresh. What an amazing place!!! Majestic, Zahav and chef Michael Solomon!!!!! A true gem!!!
I've been a big fan of the hummus at Zahav for years now, so Dizengoff has been in my bookmarks for a while. I was a little hesitant, because I wasn't sure the hummus would be quite as good. I finally made my way over there, and I was not disappointed! The hummus is PERFECT. My favorite is the chicken salad. I would advise getting an extra pita because the hummus portions are huge and well worth the price. Great for a meal for one or as an appetizer for a few. An awesome addition to the neighborhood! I'll definitely be back for more.
Dizengoff has an interesting and hip spin to it, similar to Goldie's but in a hummus specific kind of way, and more concentrated on being healthy.

As you walk in, the place is smaller but very hip. The workers all looked very hipster vegan actually when I think about it and the crowd were all younger folk. They have a concept where you get a topping over the hummus bowl which comes along with a beet salad and bagged hummus.

Today a friend and I got the chicken almond. And I substituted the beet salad side for the carrots.

The display was nice and the presentation was simple and clean.
The texture of the almond and the chicken went well together. The carrot salad was strong with cumin and earthy spice notes, but still retained its texture.
The pita was probably the best of all three, the only problem was that it was one and didn't have enough for the hummus bowl
What I noticed was that both the chicken and the carrot were quite salty unless you mixed it with the hummus to try and elevate the dense salt. I would definitely say the carrot side was very overpowering and the chicken was a little as well.
It has a nice concept but the options were limited and chicken was the only meat option that day? There's no lamb beef chicken options- it would be nice to choose an assortment.
Anyhoo- pros are the cute place to eat in and feel hipster
Cons are that the food was too salty for me, there was only one meat option which made you mix in the almond (which I didn't mind bc I love almonds but thinking of ppl that don't) and the one pita slice
My order ended up being over 13 dollars and I guess overall that's how much it is at organic places but for hummus and chicken, I wasn't the most impressed
Points for cleanliness, good service, the food here could have been more varied and less sodium rich
Dizengoff is a rather confusing little hole-in-the-wall eatery. The first time I visited, I was perplexed why I should pay $12 for hummus, so I left to eat somewhere else. And it doesn't help that the menu is extremely vague. Well now that I've actually come back and eaten here, let me try to illuminate.

With all Dizengoff's main hummus meals, you receive a large bowl of hummus (duh); toppings on the hummus (e.g., chicken shawarma, falafel, etc., depending on what you order); a wonderful, freshly-baked pita (I'm normally a bread snob, but this was amazing - soft and spongey on the inside, a little charred and crispy on the outside); and a small salad of pickled vegetables. On one hand, it felt weird to eat just hummus, bread, and pickles for dinner. On the other hand, it's definitely a healthy and filling meal. If you're more of a hummus-as-a-snack type of person, then I'd recommend bringing a friend and splitting one order, which would be a nice way to enjoy an awesome hummus snack without overindulging or overpaying.

So if Dizengoff perplexes you as it once did me, then be bewildered no longer! And next time you're in the mood for a delicious, fat-forward, and healthy meal or shared snack, visit Dizengoff for a hummus experience to remember!
Oh man, Dizengoff is the best (albeit the only) hummuseria I have ever been to. I've been a big fan of Zahav's hummus for year and Dizengoff takes that and knocks it out of the park with creative toppings. I ordered mine with amba and celery which was amazing. I had no idea what amba was but apparently it's a tangy mango pickled condiment. The pita was almost soft with a slight char on it that was some of the best pita I've ever had. The people here are also super nice. Just a fantastic place.
This place is tiny with a huge garage door that opens. It's super trendy with tons of posters on the walls. Expect a long line but it goes quickly as they only have hummus here. It's by the same people that run Zahav so I expected something amazing.

There are several picnic tables inside for eating but it's pretty crowded and hard to find seating. The hummus itself was pretty good but not amazing. I'm sure the other hummus types with more stuff are more interesting though. The hummus comes with cucumbers, pickled onions, and a pickle. The real star of the show was the pita. It was warm, soft, crunchy and flakey all all the same time! You can see the pitas in the oven and they make the space smell amazing. Definitely coming back here!
By far, this might've been one of my favorite meals in Philadelphia. This wasn't even anything particularly "fancy" -- simply, hummus, ground lamb, pickled vegetables, fresh pita bread. That's not to say this was pedestrian. On the contrary, I thought because the ingredients were top-notch and the presentation was so simple, it made for a completely satisfying meal that was both tasty and approachable. 

I went in for lunch the other day. With my luck, this was located in the same building as my hotel. It was busy; the line was out the door. Not surprisingly, Dizengoff attracted many City Center professionals during lunch hour. Keep that in mind if you go at prime lunch hours on weekdays. It was very difficult to find a seat. Since I went in alone, I was able to sit at this pseudo-counter up front facing the kitchen. I don't mind it, but some folks might think it's awkward. How it works is... you order, they give you a number, and voila! Several minutes later: fresh hummus, pita, pickles... boom. Enjoy. 

The staff were friendly and despite how crowded it was, the primary food runner was so delightful and attentive. She was taking care of running food out to the dining hall and folks on the patio. The kitchen staff were so focused on the orders that it was quite the show! Watching them from time to time as I ate at the counter was like watching a food documentary or some "Top Chef" quick fire competition. They were busy, but kept their cool. One of the kitchen staff even talked to me for a bit.

Hummus and pita don't seem very substantial for a meal, but trust me, this was just right. I had my reservations (as well as the dude behind me in line who was worried about the lack of protein-heavy options), but once I got the food, I realized how surprisingly filling it was. I didn't even finish the hummus since the chickpeas and pita were filling by themselves.

Lastly, I have to say that I was feeling both the decor (colorful tiles, simple wooden tables, posters presumably in Hebrew [including one of Justin Timberlake] serving as wallpaper) and the music (bumping bumping aaaand bumping!). Dizengoff: Hey, do me a favor... open up a spot in San Francisco please. I could eat that ground lamb hummus on the reg!
O WOW.

Was what I said when I tried this bomb hummus! I had put off coming here for quite some time since the menu is quite literally just different types of hummus and I was like how good/substantial of a meal could hummus really be?

I was wrong, of course. I got the chicken skin hummus and the combination of the crispy fried skin with the umami, meaty, rich hummus was an overwhelming combination of flavors that really knocked my palette into the stratosphere. Yeah.

My friend got the beet hummus if you're looking for something a little lighter. Can't go wrong with freshly pickled beets and creamy hummus. Finally, the pita is fluffier than clouds above a green pasture on an otherwise sunny day. Michael Solomonov you are the man. Give me a reservation at Zahav, please!

Jokes aside, I'll also mention that one serving is really quite filling; we ordered two but if you don't tend to eat that much you could probably order one serving and share with two people. Me and my friend didn't even come close to finishing all of our hummus. At $12/hummus dish, it really is worth it. Yes, it really is that much better than regular hummus.
It's the best hummus you'll ever have.  Menu is always changing.  I sometimes get frustrated when they don't have a favorite. However,  I always end up having a new favorite after getting something new.  

Make sure you get in there for shakshuka Sunday!  If you've never had shakshuka its eggs cooked in a tomato sauce seasoned with cumin,  paprika, coriander and a few other ingredients. Dipping their pita in the shakshuka is heavenly.

If you're a fan of Zahav's Lemonnana they have a slushie version of it here. Get it!
I've had pretty solid experiences here though there have been a few specials in the past that I won't reorder should they resurface. Since the menu changes it's difficult to recall exactly which ones really hit the mark but I was a big fan of the recent mushroom one. Usually my greatest disappointment is that the meal comes with only one piece of dipping bread but this time I was scooping the leftover hummus covered mushrooms into my mouth with delight.

I recommend it here for lunch or a light dinner.
You think you know what hummus and pita is, but then you try Dizengoff - and you can't go back to the store bought stuff. The fluffy pita dipped into their smooth, creamy hummus, topped with their seasonal meat or veggies - I find myself craving it very often. As a vegetarian, their carrot is my favorite so far, but I will definitely be back to continue trying all their other toppings. Word of advice, order yourself an extra pita!
Major tip! Major development for me! Lol. You can buy a pint sized tub of plain hummus for $9.00! This is the best thing I've learned about Dizengoff!
A place in Philly that only serves the infamous Zahav hummus?! YES PLEASE!

Anytime I am any where near Dizengoff around lunch time, it's just impossible for me not to stop in. The hummus is perfection and the fresh made to order laffa is just perfect with it. Each day, they offer a different topping for your hummus as well and everyone I've tried has always been delicious. Some examples I have tried are...baby beets, roasted carrots and red onions, ground beef and lamb and broccoli peanut pesto but the list goes on and on. 

The inside is very very small so either take it out or get there early or late during lunch hour but just get there. Trust me.
Sababa!!  I have to admit, the Limonana was not as good as last time, more watered down and less intense.

HOWEVER, the choice of hummus flavors were even more delicious today. I got the beet hazelnut hummus. Super delicious combo. As I was waiting for them to make it, I eyed the turnips that I had passed over for the beet hazelnut choice. I asked the young woman getting my order ready if it would be possible to try one turnip so I would know for next time if I should order it. Would you believe She said they don't have them very often and she didn't want me to miss out, so she gave me a whole container of them complementary on the side?  And she didn't even know I am a big Solomonov fan who has been coveting going to Zahav And haven't had the opportunity yet. They were so freaking delicious! The beet hazelnut hummus was so yum, and to have the turnips AND cuke/cabbage/tomato salad on the side with the amazing pita was "Eser" (10 out of 10).  

No line on a hot Sunday. And I enjoyed the Limonana even if it wasn't as life changing as on Friday.
I have been here once so far, but I plan on returning whenever I get the chance. If you're familiar with the bliss that is Zahav's hummus, you'll know just how fantastic of a concept this restaurant is. They serve three things; hummus, beer, and lemonade (i think). The hummus is very, very similar to Zahav (if not the same, the tehina is but I'm not so sure if the other options are shared on the menus). $9-$10 for the hummus, a cozy warm pita, and the usual spread of little israeli fixings (the name of which, I forget). big bonus, they have bottles of brawler for frickin $4; that's awesome. 

the space is small w/ communal picnic tables. the decor matches the minimalist menu offerings. it's such a damn good idea from Solomonov. his group basically took their concept for federal donuts and replaced the menu with hummus and beer. it's guaranteed to work.

my only issue; i have no idea how to pronounce the name properly. so for the time being, it will be known as the hummus place is my circle.
Best go to place for Hummus. Super fresh and delicious. The staff is extremely friendly, lots of veggie option as well. Definitely recommend to give it a try.
Every once in a while, I don't agree with lots of people on Yelp concerning a restaurant and that is def the case with Dizengoff.  I was pretty nonplussed with my meal in this hyped (over-hyped) hummus eatery.  First of all, the hummus was good .... but exceptional??  And I realized all the flavors for the hummus are added at the time of serving and are not integrated into the hummus in preparation.  The flavors in many ways remain separate that way.  I had the beet and pistachio hummus.  I tried to mix the beets which sat on top of the hummus into the hummus itself so there was some flavor combo.  The few pistachios played no role in taste or consistency.  I did add Harif Sauce but I found this particular rendition of the Yemenite hot sauce not very tasty at all...actually it had an odd taste compared to other Harif I've eaten.  The mild Za'atar also didn't add much in the way of flavoring. Pickles and a small salad were served on the side - nothing memorable.  The one pita you get with your order was of good quality. This meal also wasn't very large in quantity and yet it still wound up costing with drink and tip & tax around 17 dollars.  I'm def not in the fan club for Dizengoff.
I usually buy whatever hummus is on sale at the supermarket, but Dizengoff is a game changer.

Solely hummus, sold out of a fancy garage, this place is an ideal place to  - that is, if you don't mind a wait and grabbing your food to-go (like mentioned numerous times before me, this place is TINY. seating for 20).

The menu changes day to day, but my lamb and beef, with mint hummus blew anything I've ever consumed hummus-wise out of the water. Served with a huge pita, a side of pickled vegetables (a few pickles, onions, and tomatoes), this will certainly sustain you, even on your hungriest days.

Highly recommended~~
Oh. Mah. Gah.

You won't believe it, but Dizengoff will FILL YOU UP. There is a LOT of hummus in that bowl, and the fluffy pita will keep you very satisfied. $10 for a near-gourmet lunch ain't bad- pack up your leftovers and eat 'em for a 3pm snack if you get full too quick.

I've had the string bean with almonds, and the beets with pistachios. Both fabulous. Love the rotating selection, central location, and overall vibe to this spot.
Certainly, all the rave is right on the money: dizengoff may be a chain, but it sure is one hell of a delicious hummus destination. Having only sampled hummus from their fiercest competitor, hummusology, I can state that Dizengoff is...well, different, but just as good.

At first, I didn't know what this place was, I thought it was going to be a crazy expensive Mediterranean joint w/specialty in the chickpea goodness, but as it turns out, it's more of a fast-but-good-food place where all of the dishes are hummus(es). Of all of the options, my wife and I decided to try out the tehini, the chicken almond and the eggplant. My favorite is definitely the eggplant, as it brings that charcoally, bitter aftertaste that I've come to love in its grilled form. The wife loved the chicken almond, and after trying it, I have to agree that the sweetness from the honey almond and the ground chicken meat complimented the hummus quite well. Unfortunately, the hummus itself, while delicious, really didn't differ between the three options, so the toppings were definitely most important. I will also say that the pita bread (really is a bread) is a bit tougher and not as soft as the Hummusology's pita. However, what set Dizengoff apart is the supplemental sauces,(forgive my memories, but one was red, green, and there was a separate spice one). They added so much more flavors that I almost regretted not slathering them on the hummus from the gecko.

There's also a Sunday dinner special, where the staff told me the chef prepares a special multi-course meal that takes into account the unique local ingredients available during the season and incorporate them into hummus form. Cool, maybe next time.

At the end of the day, there's no wrong hummus to try out, but the amount of food may leave you either wishing you ordered more or that the prices were just a smidgeon cheaper. Still, it's good hummus.

Food: 5 stars
Service: 4-5 stars
Price: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3-4 stars; there are some tables, but it's really not a sit down place.
I have been to Dizengoff a few times since it has opened and absolutely love it!! Solomonov is very good at what he does :)  The hummus (no matter what kind you get...and they change them every day) is always delicious.  The pita is always fresh and warm, right from the oven.  The pickles and the salad that it comes with is perfect (I would love to be able to order these alone).  LEMONANA!! That is all you need to know...you must order the lemonana! It is so light and refreshing, yumm!  And to top it all off, they have Israeli bazooka bubble gum (makes me feel like I am back in Israel)!  If you haven't tried Dizengoff, you must go! Just be prepared that there is limited seating inside and they close once they sell out. I am looking forward to having brunch at Dizengoff soon (review to come)!
A great lunch place ! I came here with some friends. We had the hummus and delicious bread. I also had the eggs for some easy protein but I really just couldn't get enough of the bread! The place is quiet small with communal tables which I think makes it part of the charm. Order, grab a seat next to stranger, chow down when they bring you your food. And lastly, enjoy! I will definitely be back !
I would highly suggest this spot for a fresh and rewardingly tasty hummus-based meal. I brought a family of four and I would disagree that they aren't a value. Each meal had a delicious beet salad on the side and the pita was right from the oven!. I would absolutely recommend that you order the frozen lemonade, we all found that it accentuated the taste of each dish and made for a very unique accompaniment. I suppose we did order a couple extra pita breads, and the chicken was over salted, but all was carefully prepared by a friendly staff. If this is takeout, tgrn I can only imagine Zahav, not that I can ever get in!
Dizengoff serves up some good hummus, no doubt. What a cool business concept; wish we had something like this in Toronto because I would be a regular. The place was popping, and there was limited seating inside but you can always take it to go. To-go hummus. Now that's the future. 

It's not cheap, but the hummus varieties comes with a warm pita and some small accoutrements on the side. Conveniently located right across from Federal Donuts.
Excellent overpriced  hummus. Fresh doughy flat bread. Absolutely  delicious  although quite pricey compared to store bought hummus.
Seriously impressed! I don't know why I haven't tried this already with so many positive recommendations! I took the short walk to dizengoff from my office for take out. I went with the beef hummus. It was so delicious...kind of like a Mediterranean taco feel.

This is a small spot with limited communal seating which I'm sure fills up quick. You order and pay at the counter and wait until they call out your name. Service is extremely fast..I'm sure most things are pre-made and its just assemble as the orders come in. 

The hummus is by far the creamiest and most silky I have ever had...I know the whole hummus restaurant thing is kind of fazing out but there is no way Dizengoff is going anywhere...tops every hummus place I've tried.
As a resident of Tel-Aviv for a few years, seeing this place pop up in my hometown of the Illedelph was a pleasant surprise indeed. My wife and I popped in to pick up some snacks for a picnic and were pleasantly surprised. The lamb hummus was bangin'.

So for those of you out there looking for a taste of "home" - this place has it. Would be great if they had more going on outside of hummus/tahini, more seating and more than a wall of posters to represent one of my all-time favorite cities, but it gets the job done for sure. 

If you're into hummus this place is about as fresh/authentic as your going to get and a really great place to swing into for lunch or a hearty snack.
Beef brisket and hummus. Why, oh why, had I never thought of that combination?! Smooth and creamy hummus topped with tender pieces of beef brisket in a rich dark sauce, served with a fresh and crisp cucumber salad, small pickled items, and a heavenly pita pocket. $11 is a little pricey for hummus, but darn, was it tasty! 

Don't get here too late either! I first went on a Saturday night, about 40 minutes before closing time, and had already sold out by then.
We found this place walking by and are so glad we did! It's tremendous. Everything is delicious. We then went to the NYC location when we returned from the trip. Again, fantastic. 
Definitely a must stop whenever nearby.
Amazing.  The last time I visited Philadelphia, I got here too late and they were sold out.  Believe me, I wasn't going to make that same mistake twice.  I was at the door the minute they opened.  I was not disappointed.

They told me that the menu changes daily, I chose the hummus with roasted eggplant -- think one step before baba ganoush.  It was served with pita bread, traditional Israeli salad (tomatoes and cucumbers) and pickles and onions.  Let me say this was the best meal I ate during my visit to Philadelphia.  

You can't get hummus like this in Boston.  You can get hummus like this in New York (Hummus Place), but this is just another level.  The pita is freshly baked in the store, they've got a few beers on tap (if that's your thing), and the vibe of the place was chill (maybe that changes when they get busy!) I thoroughly enjoyed my meal here and would highly recommend getting yourself here asap.

It will be one of my first stops next time i'm in Philly.
This was great. I don't think the hummus was quite as other-worldly as it is at Zahav, but still excellent, and among the best I've had in New York.

First visit, we got:

- Sabich hummus, with eggplant, egg, amba
- Ground beef hummus, with kidney bean and onion
- Shakshuka
- Three salatim (pickled beets and turnips, carrots with harissa, and yemenite pickles)

I thought all of it was excellent, and I'll definitely be back to try more variations of the hummus .
Until you've eaten at Dizengoff or Zahav, I feel bad for your 'hummus eating' experiences. The hummus is amongst the smoothest & creamiest you can find; and not just around Philly. The pita warm, fresh pita along with the salad & pickles accompany whichever hummus & protein combination you decide to choose. 

Recommendations: the staff is very friendly & knowledgable so if you are unsure about something, don't be afraid to ask. And If you decide to go with others order different dishes so you can try as many as possible! The lamb hummus and beet & walnut hummus were my personal favorites.
The hummus was great - a little pricey ($13 for chicken). This is the second time I've tried eating hummus just for dinner, and I don't think it's for me. You definitely need the extra pita to eat up all of the yummy hummus. Only $1 extra.
The perfect weekend lunch! I came here on an unseasonable warm day and my friend and I sipped some IPAs, ate delicious fluffy pita with amazing hummus and had a great time. The location is awesome and I love that the flavors change over everyday. If you're with someone definitely try the original tahina hummus and one of the specialty flavors. Get extra pita, you probably won't need it but you can pop it in the freezer for future emergencies. It's unbelievably good. When we went they had romenesco cauliflower hummus and I haven't stopped thinking about it...

I want to come back and try the shoushouka!
Best hummus we have ever had. Got the eggplant dish, and added some of the harissa on the table. Amazing! Casual seating and a great vibe for such big flavor. Very friendly staff.
On my last day in Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I stopped by here for a quick brunch. This place is one of a kind and very good. I have never eaten anything like this before, but wow, I now wish I could find a place like this locally.

This isn't regular hummus you get at Trader Joe's or Costco (even though I do like those places' hummus, lol). The hummus they serve at Dizengoff is creamier and a lot smoother and you scoop it up with this delicious flat bread. It tastes super good with beef, cauliflower, or egg. I got one with beef while my boyfriend got the regular tahini with egg on the side. We were both really surprised and loved what we ate. 

The girls who worked here are super nice and very helpful. The place is clean, plus they have water pitchers so you don't have to ask for water refills.

Overall, I highly recommend this place!!!
Dizengoff serves hummus and only hummus as the main dish in this euro-grunge/uber-hipster hidden lunch spot. The concept is simple enough - hummus stars as the only main dish option. Who doesn't love eating hummus from the bowl?

The menu is small (about four different hummus dishes, served with bread, pickles vegetables and cucumber salad on the side), but big in flavor. I'm not joking when I say it was the best pita I've ever had -- floury, warm, and perfect for dipping. 

While I'm admittedly hummus-obsessed, this was easily my favorite spot on a recent trek through Philly. With cool indie music in the background, colorful poster collages on the walls, and quickly made food, it's the perfect lunch spot on a walk around town.
