Perhaps Dolce Carini's pizza is decent (according to my fellow Yelpers), but their wraps are not. I ordered delivery via Eat24 yesterday, and I can honestly say it was my first bad experience with that service and one of their participating restaurants. First off, someone called me to ask my address (which you confirm at the time of ordering) because the delivery guy was lost. I live on a corner in a pretty easy-to-navigate neighborhood so I don't know what the problem was. I had to wait by the door for over ten minutes as I took calls from this guy while attempting to navigate him closer to my place. 

So the food arrives, and my turkey club wrap is just falling apart. It looked like the wrap was placed down, the ingredients were put inside, and the sides of the wrap folded over. The under-side was wet. I literally had to get a plate and deconstruct and then reconstruct the wrap. Doing so enabled me to remove most of the turkey, which was low-quality deli slices. Sorry to say, but that was my first and last experience with Dolce Carini.
Last night I ordered the tomato pie with cheese and it was not their best effort! Though it arrived hot, the pizza was undercooked and doughy. Unmelted cheese was under the generous dollops of tasty but overly salted sauce. I'm not sure I will order from Dolce again. I've referred many people to this place and they'd better pull it together! At $20+ for a medium pie, they aren't going to be in business much longer if they keep delivering a most underwhelming and overly salted product!
I have been a loyal customer of Dolce Carini  for the past year. I have time and again shelled out almost $8 for 6 mozzarella sticks with a smile. Simply because Dolce has the best sticks in a 5 block radius, and I don't get much time for lunch. 
However, today is the last time I will step foot into this overpriced- over hyped pizza joint. I called in my order of Mozzarella sticks, I waited till 1:45, so I could avoid the lunch rush. When I went to pick my order up, I was on the receiving end of some of the worst service I have ever received. At the counter no one asked me how could they help me. I stood there for about 2 minutes and finally got the attention of the woman at the counter. I told her my name and my order. After getting that information from me, she proceeded to turn around to her computer and answer the phone. Now understand that a restaurant can be busy, so I waited a few minutes. Still she didn't get my order, but proceeded to tend to her computer screen and take calls. Another woman working there walked by and I asked fro her help. She was ABOUT to help me but the first lady told her that she was helping me. At that point she turned back to her computer and phone AGAIN. So I told her that I had to go back to work, and I just needed to pay for my order. She goes to get the order, hands it to me, takes my $20, and then answers the phone, and gets back on her computer.  She finally hands me my change, and when I told her that this was very poor customer service she said something that I wont write here. At that point I said I want my money back. I will not allow you to treat me poorly and take my money. Lets just say it took me another 7 minutes to get my money back. I asked the lady what her name was, she refused to tell me. Them I asked for a manager. She said she was the manager. I was appalled at such behavior.
Dolce Carini is one of my favorite spots to order pizza. Well-seasoned crust and an abundance of homemade sauce and fresh cheese - what's not to love? So on a lazy weekend, I decided to order in and check out their Sicilian pies. 

Sicilian Pizza with Pepperoni [$18.40]

Dolce Carini's take on the Sicilian was better than most in Philly. While the crust could have been more buttery and the dough a bit more pillowy, the cheese and toppings more than made up for it. And that sauce is unreal - subtly sweet and clearly homemade. 

California Burger [$6.55]
Cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, crispy onion rings
 
The GF was more in the mood for a burger, so left me with the entire pie to gorge on (I kid, there were a few slices leftover). Her burger was "healthy," replete with a fresh and juicy turkey burger, an abundance of mayo, lettuce, tomato, and a crispy onion ring. Not bad! 

Boneless Buffalo Wings [$13.95]
Mild, 25 pieces
 
Their boneless wings aren't on par with Lazos as they were a bit limp, but the chicken was juicy. We went with mild buffalo sauce, which ate slightly sweet. 

Fried Zucchini [$6.90] 

Do try the fried zucchini, which were fresh, well-breaded, and nicely seasoned. These were not at all greasy and came with a pat of their housemade marinara for dipping. 

Garlic Bread [$2.50]

I was also in the mood for garlic bread. Sadly, what Dolce Carini serves is more akin to garlic breadsteaks. These had too much crunch and emanated garlic seasoning more than actual garlic. 

Overall, Dolce Carini is still one of my favorites for pizza. If you're looking to branch out though, their turkey burger is decent and their fried zucchini are event better!
Holy cow. I live a block away from this joint and may never move because this place is so good.

The pizza is fantastic. Start with one of the best slices of plain cheese you'll ever have. 

They also have fantastic wings for cheap (a dozen for $8) and a pretty good cheesesteak too that'll do in a pinch. 

Don't listen to the whiny entitled brats on Yelp complaining about the service. All of their efforts go towards making delicious food, not kissing your behind.
Closest thing to NY pizza you'll get, it's not even close. So good. The owners were so nice, the service was great, and it was great quality. Really a hidden gem, only wish they were open later but can't recommend them enough.
Just had a "Taste of Philly" catered lunch at our office - cheese steaks, chicken cheese steaks, caesar salad (with chicken breast chunks on the side to add in), fresh fruit platter, individually wrapped pretzels, TASTYCAKES and more.

Very well done - and a nice change from pizza, pizza,pizza.
That said - at an April 2012 lunch we had the tomato pie (square pie covered in chunky sauce with circles of fresh mozz.) - sooooo good!
I don't have much to say about this place, other than that this is probably my favorite pizza place in Philly. The pizza is always consistently good (nice cheese to sauce ratio), especially the cheesesteak pizza. The chicken cheesesteaks (and regular cheesesteaks) here are always exceptionally good as well. The staff here are also very nice and make it a point to remember their regulars. This place also delivers.
There from beginning of this business
The original family sold it 8 yrs ago per new owner. Always used the best ingredients and still do. Just ordered 4 lg pies for family visit. Incredible. The tomato pie w mozzarella and the best tomato sauce ever was a huge hit w all. Same for Brooklyn and sausage.  Will never ever have pizza in center city anywhere else. Delivery was quick and person was so polite and pleasant.  Name? Jaime.  
A very happy gramma!!!
Ordered the Brooklyn pie and wings for delivery. The wings were burnt and some of the wings obviously were not even de-feathered properly!! Wtf?! 

The pie was ok. Not terrible, but not something that could be called "good" either. 

This is the first time I've ordered from here. Decided to try it out because of the good reviews it has. Don't know if my experience was just a rare bad one , but it was bad enough that I won't be giving it a second try.
Woohoo!! I have found my favorite pizza outside of NY! Delicious cheese slices, nice crumbly sausage on the sausage slices, and AMAZING tomato pie! There's really not too much else to say about it except for that I always get pizza here when I'm wandering around Center City/Rittenhouse and I'm hungry (interestingly, whenever I'm near Dolce Carini I seem to get hungry...)
During a weekday, this is probably the busiest pizza joint west of Broad. They have tons of daily pizzas, and offer the "2 slices of anything + a drink = $5.75" special that reels 'em all in. However, after about 130 PM, this place is a ghost town.

The pizza is good, but the crust is VERY floury, and the cheese gets a tad bit greasy. It's better made than nearby Towers, but there are spots like Lazaro's that really make Dolce futile in your regular pizza consumption.

One thing I will say is... on Tuesday nights, this is where all the open mic comedy club comics practice their routines in the seats. If eavesdropping/pity ever becomes a commodity, this is where you'll want to be to cash up.
Having pasted this place a million times I would never have thought to go in... but then my husband raved about their Cheese-steak Pizza. I figured that if his office ordered from there, it was worth a shot... Wow! Best Cheese-steak Pizza I have ever had! I have only gotten take-out from here, but they have a great selection of steak types too.
Why can't the layout of this pizza place be more functional? 

You walk in and it's immediate tight quarters! The only upside is that they have good food for a great price. Our office has ordered pizzas from here and they have been pretty delicious. It's not anything fancy, but it does that job when you're craving cheese fries and a greasy slice of pizza! 

I would definitely return if I were ever in the area again!
The pizza is good but what I found a bit  gross is when one of the employees picked up my to go slice with his bare hand. When I realized what he was doing I stopped him immediately and asked why he didn't use a spatula? The employee got angry and snapped that he has just wash his hands. Needless to say I haven't been back and annoyed  that I didn't report to L&I after it happened.
So we were hanging out in our center city hotel room, a little burned out on walking for the day and not really wanting to go anywhere. We'd also eaten a late lunch. Seemed like a good choice to order pizza.

Dolce Carini was close by and offered delivery, and sure enough they delivered to our hotel lobby. We ordered simple: a pepperoni Sicilian.

OK, you should know that the Sicilians are huge. They take up an entire large pizza delivery box. Even the corners, because they're square. Nice thick (though not ridiculously so) crust.

It was really delicious, with great cheese and a zesty sauce. The crust was also quite good.

We did not finish our pizza. We did not finish it the next night, either. So beware - unless you are two VERY hungry dudes, you probably can't eat a whole Sicilian by yourself.
really good, solid, pies - delivered fresh and hot - and ACCURATELY (Whoo-hoo).  Decent chicken-cheese steaks too.

Reasonably priced, ample dining space (albeit not glamorous - and packed at peak lunch hours).

Note:  If you work for a big firm - like we do - they wil do BREAKFAST pizzas 0 wth bacon and eggs and ham on them - they are slammin' good - but by special order only.  (Normally there's nobody there during the breakfast hours.)
Really not sure what happened to this place... it used to be my go-to. Ordered twice from here in the last few months and both times I was left unhappy and frustrated.  What once was my favorite place to get an Italian hoagie is now on my list of "don't order" joints.  Staff is friendly and super accommodating so I really do feel bad dropping only two stars.  However, food just isn't what it used to be.  

A couple months ago I was craving a Sicilian pie.  Boyfriend never had one so it was a no-brainer.  We ordered and it was so overcooked we each had a piece of the middle and had to toss the rest.  Total waste of money.  Whoever took it out of the oven and/or packaged it obviously didn't care about sending out and delivering a burned pie.  Quality of food is #1 on my list and burning a pizza to where the bottom is nearly black shows their lack of concern for serving quality food. If they are serving food that they SEE is sub-par, what could they be serving that is not visible? My thoughts: if you won't eat it or feed it to your family... don't serve it to customers. 

Anyway, against my better judgment, i decided to go back to my "Italian hoagie roots" and order a hoagie last week.  Mayo on the hoagie and mayo on the side.  Guess what happened with this delivery? Hoagies came dry and nothing on the side.  (If you're a mayo hoagie gal like I am, you know that it makes or breaks the sub.) When I called back to ask what happened they generously offered to remake it- which i declined and just asked for a side of mayo. What happened next? I got 7 mayo packets (so foul) delivered in a bag.  Hot mayo packets are what nightmares are made of. A complete 180 from real deli mayo which is what should have been on the sub. Decided to eat the hoagie dry which was already soggy on top (watery lettuce and tomatoes). The part of the roll that wasn't mush was horrid.  Dry and crumbly and really disappointing. Can't have a great hoagie without a phenomenal roll.  Total fail. 

Sorry, Dolce, I'm out.
As a pizza fanatic, I am always looking for the next best slice. Well let me tell you honey-this place has it. Their plain cheese pizza is hand-tossed, hot and delicious. They have different varieties such as taco pizza, buffalo chicken and barbecue chicken pizza, but I think the plain is the best. If you happen to be on lunch break and have a yen for pizza, stop by and give it a try.
Solid 3.5 stars

Chicken Dolce Carini: delicious hot sub with chicken pieces grilled with mushrooms pepperoni peppers and onions! Great hoagie bread and overall a tasty (but oily and a bit heavy) sandwich!

Pizza was alright with a tasty crust that lacked perfect strength (a bit soggy). The cheese ratio was a bit high, contributing to the heavy load on the crust.

Was more impressed with the sandwich than the pizza. The pizza search continues!
As much as I LOVE their pizza, I am compelled to give only one star.  Yes, their tomato pie with cheese is out of this world.  But their service is DEPLORABLE.  Not only, are they only open until 9pm (even on the weekends) but I have, on a number of occasions, called up to 15 minutes before 9pm and they've told me they are closed and refused to take my order. If you happen to be in the neighborhood and you're lucky enough for them to be open, stop in for a slice.  Otherwise, it's not worth the ag.  Unfortunately, they don't seem like the type of establishment that cares what people say about them on yelp, as they clearly don't give a shit about customer service.
Good pies, fries and steaks oh my!
I've only ever ordered delivery from here, so I can't comment on dining in.  With that said, we've ordered pizza from here numerous times because it's convenient and relatively cheap.  The pizza is OKAY, nothing to write home about.  I find that the best pizza is simply the plain one- that one is actually very tasty with just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  Once they start adding toppings, however, it becomes soggy and laden with grease and hard to pick up- no added crunch in the crust at all.  Avoid the veggie one that's literally raw white onions and a few measly green bell peppers.

As for the other food, we recently ordered lunch here and I decided to opt for something else other than greasy pizza.  The chicken pesto & red pepper Panini sounded tasty, as did the pasta fagioli soup.  

For one, delivery took longer than the allotted 45 minutes to an hour that we were expecting.  Secondly, my chicken Panini was impossible to eat without falling apart into a heaping mess. Rather than thinly slicing or cubing the chicken and pressing it into the Panini, they basically took 2 monstrous pieces of  dry chicken breast and slapped it on toasted bread with pesto.  The pieces were not cut at all and were so gigantic, they slid right off so I had to eat all the components separately.  The fries were soggy, not crunchy, and lacked salt.

Additionally, the pasta fagioli soup was absolutely horrendous.  The broth was SO thick but not in a good, creamy way.  No meat at all (which is fine) but the noodles were scarce.  It tasted like a can of Progresso soup that had been left out for too long.  I got a giant cup of it and only had less than a fourth and had to throw the rest away.
I don't know why people are hating on their pizzas, they have a vast selection of pizzas. Thin crust, thick crust, vegetable, heart attack on dough, you name it.
They are open till fairly late and they are always fast which is a plus.
One thing that bothers me is the fact that I'll sometimes say that I don't want my pizza to be hot because I'm in a hurry and it will still be hot so I can't wolf it down.

*Look for their "unicorn" taco pizza, it's an elusive animal that is worth the hunt.
I have ordered from Dolce Carini for two years and never had a problem with my food.  I usually order the sausage tomato pie (YUM-ME). Always hot. Always delicious. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger once.  It was so wonderful.  

--DELIVERY--

I'm finally posting a review because I ordered a sandwich, fries and soda. When my order arrived (within the time they said it would, by the way), my sandwich and fries were hot and my soda was cold.  Did I mention that the night before it snowed several inches and was about 20 degrees out?

--FOOD--

I ordered a chicken cheesesteak.  I always ask that preparers scoop the extra bread from the roll.  So when I got the sandwich, it was HUGE. I thought they had failed to scoop the roll.  Not so.  The sandwich was so stuffed with meat, it made the sandwich appear ginormous!  Then add to that hot and gooey cheese. I'm salivating just writing this!

--SERVICE--

The service has always been straightforward. Not poor. Not obnoxious.  I guess when you know you're providing your patrons with decent food at a decent price, you don't have to act all fake nice. I prefer that.

Go.
Super sweet staff ran us over a yum cheese pizza just 40 minutes before closing when we figured out WE had messed up our online order. This place is just super sweet.
For some reason I like my pizza by the slice.  It just tastes better reheated and for me to tackle a whole pie for delivery is just to much pizza and my better 1/2 isn't a huge pizza fan.

 They have abut 10 different choices when you walk in.  I opted for bbq chicken and then a mushroom slice.  Solid pizza here. I am old fashioned when it comes to pizza... Pizza is supposed to be pepperoni, mushroom, sausage etc... no fancy goat cheese and pistachio pizza, no snobbish white pie with feta and a cracked egg cooked in a special 1000 degree oven... Really.  Keep it simple stupid.  Dolce does that.
I'll admit---partner-in-crime and I are pizza snobs. We're Brooklyn-based, after all.

Cheese pizza was okay. It wasn't crispy enough and it was a little too soggy. I would probably try something else next time. But the cheesesteak pizza? Spot on. It was cooked to perfection and delicious. Plenty of steak on the pizza. Honestly we were both surprised at how good it was we ordered another slice. (And sadly split it.)

Service was pretty good as well but it was very tight/crowded in there.
I am staying at a hotel and needed some dinner last night, but didn't feel like going out. The front desk gave me a few suggestions on pizza places that will deliver but the reviews weren't very good on here. I came across this place and checked out their menu. Their pizza selections are vast! I had a hard time choosing, but I ended up ordering a small buffalo chicken and two sodas. The man on the phone was very nice and said he'd be here in 35 minutes. Just 20 minutes later I got a call on my cell phone saying he was in the lobby! I was so thankful he brought me plates and napkins too! The pizza was amazing, I couldn't stop eating it until the whole thing was gone!!! Try this place out, you won't regret it!
I agree 100% with Alex -skip the pizza in favor of the tomato pie with cheese  - it is great!   the pizza is only ok.
Love their tomato pie pizza.  Also great Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteaks are great.  Excellent place with a great staff.
Visiting the Philadelphia area is always a treat. Due to the 6 hour schlepp to this amazing city of brotherly love, our hunger pains warranted the least-preferred method of culinary experiences - DELIVERY.  Philadelphia, with it's cornucopia of cultural possibilities, our options were reduced to scattered take-out menus and a near 'EENY MEENIE MINIE MOE' final decision. With five members to this cast of "Hungry's," Dolce Carini became the majority vote due to it's broader menu appeal. 40 minutes after we ordered, the doorbell rang and the bags were all unloaded and paid for. Without going into a thorough amount of detail, suffice it to say that I might have preferred eating the bags the food came in over what I ordered. Our collective choices were: A Tossed Salad, Margarita and a Veggie Delight Pizzas, 12 piece Boneless Buffalo "wings" (they were really McDonald sized nuggets) and a Turkey Club. The nuggets were soggy, as were both pizzas. Let's just put it this way, you'd find more crunch in a bowl of pudding than you would in either of the Dolce Carini Pizza crusts we ordered. Sadly, the seemingly impossible-to-ruin Turkey Club sandwich featured processed, turkey...the kind that makes you squeal, "WTF WAS THAT?" so because of that fact, the sandwich failed big-time. The winner (and this is only a guess since all of our appetites were broken by now) was most likely the salad since, really, how can you Fcuk up a salad? Maybe we should have seen how. Sorry, this spot gets our STAMP OF DENIAL and recommends that you bypass Carini veloce!
I Really can't speak for the food. I only had an order of fries. I wouldn't normally think to post a review for a local pizza shop, but I had to. 
The reason I'm giving this place 5 stars is because the guys here are really cool. I came on a slow time so there weren't many people in here, but they shook hands with the few people that came in, asked about their family, and kept a smile on their face. I wouldn't give 20th and chestnut a community feel, but this place felt like a pretty cool community spot.
.....if only they had vegan pizza.....
In general pizza in Philly is really amazing. I am not sure why NY pizza is so popular. Philly should be! Even this humble local pizzeria makes amazing pizza. 

I always get their creamy spinach pizza. Their Alfredo sauce is really good. It's simple but has so much flavor. It's perfect with baked spinach. The pizza crust is so crunch and delicious. I never Thorpe away their edge. Yum yum yum.
Coming from NY, I have high standards for pizza. I have found my go-to place in Philly, but I got a caviar coupon and this was one of the few pizza place options. I ordered a medium cheese pizza, onion rings and mozzarella sticks. The pizza had a ton of cheese on it and wasn't cooked enough, so the cheese was melted but not bubbly. The crust was basically tasteless. I ate a second slice when it was cold and it tasted a bit better. I asked for well done onion rings but instead got regular done-ness and the breading was falling off as I was eating them. The one good thing was the mozzarella sticks, but I'm assuming they aren't made in house. Maybe ordering slices there would be a better experience, but overall, I won't be ordering from here again.. Especially for the price ($27 after the $10 coupon).
I cater lunch every Friday for my office and often call Dolce. They are able to make between 30-35 pizzas for us with fairly short notice and they're always delicious. The buffalo chicken pizza is a favorite as well as the Philly cheese steak pizza. I'll definitely keep ordering from here.
5 stars is for the cheese pizza, which I had at a work baby shower.  Best crust ever.  It was perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside but a little chewy too.  The crust was just the right thickness, not too thin or doughy and held the tasty tomato sauce and cheese perfectly.   

I need to go back soon and confirm that this is the best pizza I've ever had!
Just get the Tomato Pie with Cheese.  LIke others have said, it is incredible.  w This is my go-to pizza delivery spot.  Loses one star, cause their wings are terrible.  Hopefully they fix that.
Ordered delivery when I was in town for work. Fast delivery (Wednesday night). 

Tomato pie with sausage and mozzarella was a bit undercooked, as the crust couldn't stand on it's own.

Fried zucchini were crispy, but tasteless.

Wouldn't recommend.
A Damn good Cheesesteak that's meaty and flavorful !!!!
Pizza is great! We usually get some veggies or marinara and Philly cheese stake pizzas! My husband loves this place and prefers to call them for a delivery as the first option!
Dolce is a great place and was one of my lunchtime staples when I worked at 20th and Market. Their cheesesteak pizza is incredible as is their buffalo and barbecue chicken pizzas. Come to think of it, I've never even tried their regular pizza. I guess thats reason enough to give it another try.

They're pretty accommodating as well, the people are nice and they even make things that aren't on the menu. I requested a buffalo chicken salad and they made me a HUGE delicious salad for a pretty good price (however there were olives in this salad, for some unknown reason, eww) but I love that they made me something that wasn't on the menu.

I'm sure there are plenty of options for good pizza in the city, but the gourmet menu, the nice people and the delicious food set Dolce apart. The only drawback is that their soda cups are extremely small.
This was my second time here at Dolce Carini, the pizza was very tasty and there are plenty of cold beverages to choose from.  The service is good too, they were very funny and polite to take my tray when I was done.  I grabbed a menu when I left, I'll probably order delivery sometime.  They're a member of the BBB, they have the stickers on their door, cool.  I'll be back!
I am a sucker for pizza, especially Sicilian pizza. I love the crispy fluffy crust. Stopped in here and grabbed a couple of slices for lunch. I was not disappointed. I could stand more garlic in the sauce but then I really like garlic.
It's a decent pizza place that offers fast delivery and take-out services. Unfortunately it closes at 9 PM (including weekends) when some people, and I'm not saying who, get that craving for some late night pizza. Ah well. Dolce also offers pizza by the slices, which works for me because I cannot finish a whole pie without help. In case you don't want pizza, the chicken tenders and fried zucchini were tasty...a bit greasy but not bad.
Their pizza is awesome.  After eating NY pizza for 5 years, this is the closest you're going to come in Philadelphia.  Their delivery service is extremely quick, and I always enjoy the pizza when it arrives.  A weekly favorite.
I like the eggplant tomato silce!

Great texture thin crust pizza. They also have thicker crust, but I haven't tried it.

A wonderful place to stop by for a quick meal. Simple but tasty.
Man I was so happy when I found out these guys deliver. I was starving and yes, that may be influencing how amazing I thought everything was, but I'd like to think that I've had enough freakin pizza by now that I can tell when someone does something right.

My beautiful wife and I ordered a buffalo chicken pizza and an eggplant parm sandwich. Side note- their "personal," size is basically the size of a normal small or medium from some other spots. Anyway, a personal is a good enough size for just one or two people. 

The buffalo chicken was loaded with chicken, hot sauce, and blue cheese. I loved it. I don't remember the crust being anything amazing, but the toppings were great and I loaded that thing up with crushed red pepper and went to town. Thank you DC, that was legit and I will order it again as soon as my wife is out of town and isn't monitoring my health as closely.

The eggplant parm-- also, awesome, taste was decent but I think I just really loved the size of this thing and how much sauce and cheese got thrown on, plus the breading on the eggplant, that was pretty solid. And it was just huge, chewy, melty, goodness all in one.

Improvements-- bros- add some spices and herbs to your dough, bread, and sauce. That is the extra mile you need to push you way to a 5 star spot. I'm talking oregano in your sauce, basil, garlic, etc. Or, if you're doing that already, we need to see more.
Delicious food, I love their white pizza and most of their salads. I order from here all the time (3-4 times a month) and I'm never disappointed. They're on Grubhub which is an added bonus. But what's really great is that they actually deliver on time, sometimes even before the order is supposed to be at my apartment! No other pizza place that I've tried in CC does that.
Good place to grab a slice. Consistently good and always has hit slices ready. Beware- this restaurant has super weird hours that don't correlate with Google or their own website.
This  is one of my go-to spots for lunch. When the pizza here is good, it's really good thin crust pizza. That pizza keeps me coming back. But... there have been times in which the pizza was not so good and I've felt like I wasn't even in the same pizza place. Service is always good and fast, but someone there doesn't always make the pizza up to their usual standard. They do serve a variety of lunch items, but I've only tried the pizza.
Visited this gem during Ritual's Dollarfest, and let me tell you -- they do not play around. I ordered the chicken tenders with fries, expecting a decent wait and a couple chicken tenders over a few fries, given that they used it for the Ritual special.

Oh no.

They filled that sucker to the BRIM. I literally had to put it in my work fridge because I got pretty full (given I had pregamed with a little snack beforehand) but lemme tell ya I can eat! Even though I got this meal in a special sale, I think it's more than worth the like $9 for the chicken and fries box. 

And on top of that, as soon as I arrived, the food was ready! Even though I basically ordered it as I was leaving my building like five minutes away. I've been passing this place without blinking every day, but it's a gem peeps
Do not use postmates!!! Their menu is out of sync along with pricies...placed an order for a sicilian pie..But when i went to pick up, the pizza was a traditional round... long story short  , the experience as well as the pizza blew...
So, I think they're pizza is alright, but this place has a really great secret.  I really suggest out of its menu the Italian Panini that's there. The Roasted Red peppers are a bit too watery, so scratch them, and then you have one of the more delicious takeout or otherwise quick panini in Philly.  I'm especially partial to capicola, so this might be me being biased but I really love this sandwich. 

Also the fries are fantastic here.  I really recommend them.  

Salads are meh, but why are you getting a salad here?
We've ordered lunch from here a few times and all in all it's okay. Nothing over the top amazing, and definitely nothing bad. A decent place to order lunch from and the food is consistently good.
I completely agree, the tomato pie with cheese is the way to go!  There is a really nice balance between the cheese and sauce and it has nice chunks of tomato on the pizza as well.  This pizza is even good the next day!  There are very few good pizza places in the city, especially near Rittenhouse, but this place is now my favorite in the area!
Picked up a slice and some cheese fries while I was in the neighborhood a while ago. Nothing too crazy, but enjoyable and alright quality. Nice crust and good amount of cheese, just a bit pricier for the quality.
