Loved my dinner at Doma last night. We made last-minute reservations on a whim and the minute I walked into the restaurant I knew it was the right decision. There was a really calm and peaceful vibe. The soft tunes on the speakers overhead were just right; well-known but chill songs. Everyone on the staff was pleasant. 

The menu is pretty extensive and there's definitely plenty to choose from even for non-sushi lovers. We stuck with the raw side for our meal. I started with the hamachi crudo - thinly sliced yellowtail with jalapeño and cilantro in a yuzu sauce. The taste was clean, with a hint of heat and totally delicious. Art was happy with his choice, an assortment of sashimi in citrus vinaigrette. 

I went basic for my main and ordered a snow crab california roll and a spicy crunchy tuna roll. I could have used a little more spice in the tuna roll and I thought the rice was a bit thick on both, but that may also be due to the fact that I had forsaken carbs all week until this meal. The specialty roll across from me and on the tables around me all looked, well, pretty special. I'd like to try something from that part of the menu on my next visit. And I don't think it will be long before that time comes.
I heard many people rave about Doma before I tried it. Like, everyone. So when my first experience left me a bit underwhelmed, I decided to have a second "date" with Doma before I passed judgment and did a write up.  My first experience was a bit anticlimactic, my table was near a cold window, I was dining sans wine and with a partner who was less than adventurous- so needless to say, my menu options were limited and far from fancy.  After I felt that I would soon be ghosting Doma like a bad first date.  However, I decided to give it another chance, and another chance after that and I am glad I did.  

Second and third go-around visits were 10000% better.  I ordered more from the menu, my date and I had wine, and I left feeling like I had found my sushi "bae".  The major league dishes I had were the Korean pork tacos and the tuna club 'roll'.  The soft tacos were served with spicy asian slaw, and your choice of bulgogi, spicy pork or braised pork belly.  I believe there were three, but my memory fails me because they went so quickly. Next up, the tuna club signature roll.  AMAZE. It had crunchy spicy tuna tartar and avocado.  Fish was fresh, service was fast and friendly.

I am glad you weren't a one-night stand, Doma. 
xoxo
I have only been here once but was over-the-moon impressed. We took a nice walk along the Schuylkill River Trail to find ourselves in Fairmount Park on a Sunday night. This restaurant came up as I scavenged through Yelp reviews. 

First off, the restaurant decor is modern-looking and festive. Just the right amount of hanging lamps and glass chairs. It's strange, but even the bathroom here is beautifully decorated and kept clean. I really like the waiters, not too pushy and full of recommendations. Our glasses were always refilled but I didn't feel like someone was hovering above us to clear the table.

There is a wide selection of specialty sushi rolls on this menu. If you are looking for the $5-8 rolls or cheap deals, this isn't that sort of place. The specialty rolls run at $13-15 each but they are really worth the price, super filling with about 9 pieces. We got the ISLAND ROLL, MEDUSA ROLL, and DOUBLE SPICY TUNA plus SEAWEED SALAD and MISO SOUP appetizer for 2 ppl. We left just the right kind of full and in the best mood. 

I will definitely be coming back here with family and friends. Since the restaurant is small, I would recommend a reservation on Friday and Saturday evenings. Next time, I will bring my own wine as it is BYOB.
Very nice ambiance for your Japanese/ Korean dinner.  They allow you to BYOB and reserve a seat for this place.  The staff are friendly.
This sushi shop is located in the main area of Philly near MIA fest. We came here to get something to eat beforehand. The place is really small inside and prices are more expensive since you're in the heart of the city. I thought the sushi was good but I wasn't impressed. What I could have ordered more of was the Octopus Ball appetizers. They were melt in your mouth delicious! I would come back here just for the Takoyaki.
Doma I wanted to like you, I really did. Stopped here for din with a few friends - honestly everything was great until a friend noticed a live worm on her plate! (Attached pic) ok so the food was honestly great aside from worm incident - then we got our bill, so for a bill of $80+ (reminder it was a byob) they comped us about $8, I'm sorry I'm fully capable of paying this bill but for a live worm squirming on a plate I expected a little more then an oops here's $5 off. I spoke with the head waiter and we ended up getting 20% off (after 10% then 15%) - I am still disappointed with the way management handled the incident and could say that my group will not be visiting Doma or recommending the place to any friends.
Still showin' the love for Doma - same great owners and some not-so-new faces on the staff (Yuli is an amazing server/hostess).

We enjoyed a plethora of uber-fresh sushi and sashimi delights including the ever-popular "Naked Salmon" and the not-to-be-missed Omakase maki.  We also shared a Bento Dinner with Salmon Teriyaki, Chicken Yakitori, a Yellowtail Scallion roll and more.

Korean Taco app is fun (also ask about the truffled-tuna nachos - we did not try but they look terrific).

The triple spicy double tuna roll is a fave with the men in my life.
Pachinko roll (not ordered this time) is a hit with the kids.

I truly miss coming here all the time and I make it a point to get a Doma-Fix whenever I am nearby.

P.S. - My now 13 year old kid scarfed down all the leftovers the minute I walkd through the door.  She has been coming here since she was 4 or 5 and it's her favorite restaurant EVER.
I was optimistic that I would like this place, after spending a week checking its menu online and finding it quite difficult to pare down the list of things I wanted to stuff into my face...but I was surprised by the overall quality of our meal. 

We started with the Okonomiyaki. I loved the way the heat of the pancake caused the bonito shavings to curl and unfurl as we cut up the pancake. Oh man, it's such a mix of everything, it could be a disaster of conflicting flavors...but it's not. It's marvelous.

I tried the omakase signature roll, which was kind of a funny final presentation. Pretty much choices of sashimi on top of maki with nothing but rice, which wasn't quite as cool or thought-out as I had hoped, but the cuts of fish were generous and fresh. Like, really generous. Oh and the, I think it was, monkfish pate? Omg. 

Definitely going to go back there!
Went there again!!!!  This time alone - no kid, no DH and ordered the $42 Omakase sushi/sashimi platter and nothing else (and I was stuffed to the gills - pun intended).

I poissoned myself with fresh lucious fish - hamachi, sea bass, salmon, tuna, 1 piece of buttery toro, a single sweet shrimp.  A small piece akimono (fish liver - the foie gras of sushi), a gently torched single scallop and some poppin' fresh ikura completed the mix.

A house-made piece of perfectly balanced tamago was my dessert.

And a roll - topped with chopped hamachi. (This roll changes based on your preference and the chef's choice.  TELL them what you like and don't like).  The chef here ROCKS.

Mmmmmmmmn.

Omakase heaven.

Mine, mine, mine, all mine.
Wish I had brought a split of Cava.

No kid!!!!

Bliss.
Now that we've moved to a house in the "burbs, how I miss my beloved DOMA more than ever.

I popped in at 5:15 ish (they don't open until 5:30) and was seated anyway - and waited a while and relaxed.

Ordered a Naked Salmon (not a maki at all - but gorgeous salmon over an avocado puree atop crispy fried (evil but so good) rice.  More like a canape.

Tuna Hwe dup bap was sublime - uber-fresh quail egg yolk, crisp cucumber and cool asian pear.  (The toasted pine nuts are no longer on it - too bad.)

I miss it here!!!
Though I have to admit I'm not a sushi snob, and am usually satisfied with the standard spicy tuna roll, I am also a sucker for the fun specialty rolls places like Doma have perfected.  It is on the more expensive side for sushi, but nothing outrageous and believe me the sushi is worth it.  Its also BYOB so that always helps! 

The atmosphere is very pleasant, and bright, its fun but not overdone.  It is on the smaller side but I don't believe its too hard to get in/get a reservation.  The service was good, and attentive.  I have to mention that they do close relatively early and we felt very pushed out the door by the server and host the night we dined there.  

The only problem with the menu is choosing from among all of the amazing looking options.  A must try is the tuna flatbread, its so different and tasty no one should come here without getting it! The rock shrimp tempura was also amazing, perfectly crispy with the best spicy sauce.  Out of the signature rolls the favorite was definitely the naked tuna, again it was different and fun and delicious.  The other rolls were also great.   All in all the sushi is fresh, and the portions are large.  I definitely left stuff.
One of the perks of moving to an apartment complex on Callowhill Street is the fact that the GF and I are so close to neighborhood hotspots such as Sabrina's and Doma. And with the GF's newfound love for sushi, the latter seemed perfectly suited for a date night.

Taking a look at the menu, it was clear that owners' Patti and Robert Moon's Korean heritage was evident throughout. Dishes such as yuk hwe (beef tartare) and dolsot bibimbap (hot stone fried crispy rice) popped up amidst the sushi options. And while I typically eschew sushi joints that aren't manned by non-Japanese chefs (foolhardy in some instances, to be sure), as a fellow Korean, I appreciated the unabashed amalgamation of Korean and Japanese cuisines.

The atmosphere at Doma is modern, sleek, yet relaxed. Orbs of lights dangle above your heads, ready to set the scene for the meal that is to come. 

The online menu touts pork belly buns (seemingly ubiquitous ever since Chef David Chang made such stellar versions at Ssam and Ko). Unfortunately, on this visit, it seemed that they were out of pork belly or may have even taken them off the menu. Naturally disappointed, I soldiered on.

Hamachi Crudo ($10)
Yellowtail, jalapeno, cilantro, yuzu 

Interested to test the quality of both the sushi and the chef, I ordered the crudo. The hamachi (yellowtail/amberjack) was prototypically meaty and clean. The jalapeño contrasted nicely with the mild flavor of the fish, with the cilantro and yuzu providing brightness to each bite. A nice start to the meal.

Uni Trio ($16)
Seared scallop, yuzu 
Quail egg, dashi broth
Tempura shiso, tempura sauce

Naturally, I had to order the uni, especially when it comes ensconced as a trio of bites. California uni (specific source unknown) was presented in a nice progression. From left to right, the scallop was lightly seared and provided a vessel for a dollop of uni. The yuzu's piquancy provided the acid, contrasting nicely with the butteriness of the sea urchin. The quail egg added heft on top of the umami of the dashi. The scallions added a nice herbaceousness as well. Lastly, the tempura shiso provided a nice textural contrast, with the savoriness of the tempura vessel ands sauce complementing the uni nicely. Hard to go wrong with this dish and uni as a whole.

Rock Shrimp Tempura ($12)

Rock shrimp tempura is always a fan favorite on any menu and Doma's iteration did not disappoint. Sweet, yet spicy - the rock shrimp were perfectly crunchy, meaty, and not overcooked. The unadorned fresh cabbage tempered the rock shrimp flavor bombs nicely. 

Soft Shell Crab Tempura ($8)

Being soft shell crab season at the time, the ubiquitous tempura had to be ordered. This was the GF's first time trying the crustacean so I assumed it would be a nice beginner's entry. For those who have never tried this delicious dish, it's meant to be eaten whole - shell and all. The clean crisp tempura prep did not overpower the freshness of the crab, which included roe - nice. The accompanying dressing was superfluous, a spritz of lemon was all that was needed. But for the GF, she was on the fence with the dish - it was more of a texture thing though and really, she was ready to move on to the sushi.

Sweet Potato Tempura Roll ($5)
Cucumber Roll ($3)
Triple Spicy Double Tuna ($13)
Tuna, seared albacore, spicy sauce, siracha, tempura crunch, scallion, sichimi pepper, sweet glaze  

Since this wasn't omakase, we opted to finish our meal with several rolls. The GF was craving a simple california roll, but I think I was still enjoying the soft shell crab in my mind so somehow a cucumber roll was ordered. Oops. Still, it was simple and fresh enough to provide an intermezzo, if you will. The triple spicy double tuna wasn't overly spicy, offering seared tuna on top and fresh within - a nice contrast in preparation. Each bite did lend some slight heat on the finish. And of course, the GF's favorite, sweet potato tempura roll, was prototypically crunchy, sweet, nice.

Apparently if you pay in cash, you get 10% off your check. Always appreciated! Also, I don't believe your previous receipt is necessarily needed.

Overall, Doma hits the neighborhood spot for sushi. Omakase isn't offered, but there are a variety of dishes that can test and pique your palate, and Doma also offers a wide variety of well-crafted rolls. It seems to be a great place to take a date or just relax with your friends. The GF and I will be back often, I'm sure.
This is my 20th visit to Doma & my 20th time of not being disappointed. We've narrowed the menu down to this: miso soup & pork gyoza to start. The miso soup is pretty standard, the gyoza are crisp and savory.  For sushi, we get the Island roll: tuna roll with fresh mango on top; Philly roll; Naked Salmon roll: puréed Salmon on top of rice cake, topped with jalapeño; Triple Spicy Double Tuna Roll: spicy tuna with tuna on top.

All rolls are prepared to order with fresh ingredients. We've have yet to have a bad experience.

For dessert, I highly recommend having the Strawberry Mochi; if it's not 86'd. It is 4 fresh strawberries wrapped in Mochi with chocolate syrup drizzled on top. 

Would highly recommend making a reservation for a weekend evening & remember it's BYOB!!
DO NOT GO HERE!!!! A roach about 2" long fell on the back of my friend's neck from the light fixture! 

The wait staff killed it and acted like everything was normal. I was way too disgusted to even eat there and walked out immediately! 

ROACH ATTACK!!!
If you don't like Doma, go fuck yourself.

Their omakase maki is superb. The chef will create 6 little planets of flavor on a plate for you to enjoy. Each piece of maki will have a different fish, sauce, and style. I wish I could convey to you the diversity of this one plate with words(but I can't so I won't even try).

The smelt roe bi bim bap is my favorite item at this restaurant. Get two hot sauces and smother that shit in sauce. The clay bowl perfectly cooks the rice to a nice crispy texture. The tiny fish eggs add an unmatchable little crunch to each bite. I could eat this every day.

Sadly, the desserts here are weak.

I used to refer to Doma as "Morimoto lite" but I've really become quite enamored with the establishment. The food is creative and really tasty.
3.5 stars.  BF and I went last night.. stopped by cause we wanted to go out but didn't really know where to.. a really random stop.  Read really quick before we left that it was a BYOB so we brought along some Sapporo and headed over.

The restaurant is a modern, clean establishment.  Narrow and pretty cozy.

We were seated right away on a Friday night and ordered a small array of the normal stuff:

Ankimo in ponzu.  Good.  Standard cooked ankimo with a good light sauce.

Seaweed salad - Standard stuff.

A Korean inspired dish with Tuna, which was like a deconstructed Yook Hwe with seasoned Tuna instead of beef.  Interesting dish.

The prices are reasonable and suited for the food; the only miss of the night was our order of uni sashimi.. the uni wasn't buttery or sweet, and the color was a little pale.  BUT, the server seemed to pick up on that and inquired us about it and was so kind to have taken it off the bill.. they really care about satisfaction here.  

My only suggestion would be that, although I know the restaurant is set up purposely not to look like a stereotypical Japanese place, the lack of a glass sushi case is a little odd.  Typically customers like to look over the fish for themselves and select sashimi based on that; the lack of a visible case makes that impossible.

But it doesn't seem like it would make much of a difference for the majority crowd; every other table here with the exception of ours went for the rolls.
located on callowhill nestled amongst several noteworthy restaurants, i would've never noticed doma without yelp. but two nights ago, i was craving sushi and ventured out of my way to come here. and i'm so glad i did!

it's been so long since i've had good sushi, i almost forgot what it tasted like. but the minute i started eating my sashimi and it literally melted in my mouth while i was chewing, i began to remember that taste and that feeling. what was it called again? ah yes, contentment.

i will be the first to admit that i am a sushi snob. if you dare utter the words "california roll" to me, i might slap you. i WILL judge a restaurant based on the quality of its nigiri or sashimi.. so basically on the freshness of its raw fish. in this category, doma gets an A-, a little short of mind-blowing.

the sashimi in my chirashi were good-sized cuts of the most common fish: ie. tuna, salmon, yellowtail, eel, etc to make 8 pieces in total. plus a sprinkling of seaweed, egg and smelt roe -- all common sushi toppings. the sweet rice underneath was well seasoned and abundant, i couldn't even finish it!

my only complaint is that the temperature of the sashimi was a bit warmer than i would've preferred, which makes me question how it was prepared a little. the wasabi is also not of the best quality, but that's a small matter.

the menu items are a bit pricey ($21 for chirashi?!) and it's an interesting fusion of japanese-korean fare (my friend had the dolsot beef bibimbap for $17). but here's another plus! this restaurant serves RAMEN!! i didn't try any, but it's always nice to find another place in the city that serves ramen. since we all know philly is seriously handicapped when it comes to its ramen profferings. 

and to top it all off, the decor here is gorgeous. it's a clean cut interior decorator's dream -- only glass, clear plastic and white wherever you look. in the back by the sushi bar there's even a few high tables, another concept i love.
All reviews are spot on--this place is great.  It has a very sterile yet West Coast ambiance.  The staff (Brie & Dan) are both super attentive team members and the chefs do brilliant work.  The only thing I'd point out is the fact that they charge a flat $5 corkage fee.  I noticed other reviewers didn't mention that and I feel like that is an important point when considering a BYO.
Dinner on Friday night. Here are the goods about this place: 
1. Able to make a reservation at 8pm for 9pm...  we weren't going out but decided last minute to go into Philly 
2. BYOB- need I say more 
3. The food is really tasty
4. Two Korean Tacos and 3 different rolls - the bill was $36 
5. Friendly staff 

We really like this place. It's a good staple BYOB when we want Korean/Japanese food. 
The Korean tacos are delicious- they are a special but on the list every time we have been here. The spicy garlic edamame are tasty too but be wary if you have somewhere to go and you don't want bad breath.
Doma is the sushi restaurant that I wish was closer to my home.  The fish tastes great, their menu is fun and they are a BYO.  I begrudgingly drive or take a pricey cab ride to dine in this wonderful establishment.

I've had a number of items from their menu and everything just tastes very good here.  I'm not bothered by the fact that there is no standout because I don't think you can order something that is even sub par.  They put effort and skill into preparing their dishes and it shows.  They have consistency and that's what counts when it comes to running a successful restaurant.

I've been here many times and will continue to come here for as long as I can.  When I'm craving sushi, this is my go to.
Morimoto lite with a very creative menu.

I really like what Doma is trying to do here. They have intriguing specials and a solid sushi lineup. They throw a bunch of Korean dishes into the mix which is great. Smelt Roe bi bim bap is something that intrigued me and I will have to go back for it. Anyhow, here is what I ate:

Korean BBQ Tacos - OK. They were nice and meaty but lacked the real kick that I was hoping for(like those at Meritage).

Salmon Flatbread - Flatbread with guacamole, tuna, and spicy mayo. It was wacky and I enjoyed it a lot.

The Island roll - Solid. This is a great concoction of salmon, spicy aoili, tempura crunch, mango, and wasabi tobiko. The mango and spicy aoli work very well together, like a set of twins in any fighting movie.

California roll with soft-shell crab - Tastes like a california roll with soft-shell crab.

The ice cream trio and Japanese waffle desserts are A-OK.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Apocalypto.
Oh my, Doma. I've been hearing great things about you for years, and they are all true. 

The boyfriend and I made last minute New Years reservations because somebody (ok, me) forgot to book a place. They were closing at their normal 10pm and serving their regular menu. 

Because we were able to bring our own booze and not shell out for an overpriced prix fix menu, we decided to go all out and order A LOT of sushi, without being price conscious. 

I was a little underwhelmed with the house salad. Red delicious apples aren't crispy enough in my opinion to use in a salad. This however, is the only thing that was less than amazing. 

Everything was great, but the stand outs were spicy Agetofu, Spicy Scallop roll, Bibimbap roll and the Ooki Eel roll. The Agetofu was just spicy enough and perfectly fried. The Spicy Scallop was melt in your mouth amazing. The Bibimbap was the best of both worlds- sushi and bibimbap. The Ooki Eel....I can only say to try it and be immensely satisfied that you did. 

We were stuffed. But still we ordered desserts. Fried bananas and ice cream. You can't go wrong with that, but the real star at Doma is the sushi. 

I've spent the past 11 days fantasizing about Doma, and have tried twice to satisfy my cravings with other sushi. Needless to say, I have failed. I'll be back soon.
POSITIVES:
-Doma roll -$15
*delicious, instead of rice it has cucumber so it was very refreshing and low carb
-Spicy scallop roll - $8
*this was my favorite roll of the evening, the scallop is fresh and silky
-BYOB and staff was accommodating with ice buckets for our bottles and pouring consistently throughout dinner

NEGATIVES:
-Called ahead to see if we needed reservations and they said no and then when we got there they were almost full and right after we were seated there was a wait, so I'd recommend making a reservation
-Website advertises 10% discount for cash payment, when we inquired they told us no, not a fan of that because they should honor it
-Sesame ice cream was gritty and had ice shards, skip this!
-Horrible draft from the front door, wore my coat for most of dinner
Easily the best beef dolsot bibimbap I've ever had. The miso soup was also topnotch.  I can't speak on the sushi, but I fully intend on coming back here to give them a try.

Service was great, though admittedly I was the only person in the restaurant for lunch. They kept my tea and water full so I'm a happy camper. Not every sushi restaurant asks if you want tea before you have to ask for it, so that was nice. 

I really can't say more other than that I left full and quite satisfied. The bibimbap alone gets 5 stars from me in particular.  I can't wait to go back.
Still amazing after all these years.
My now 11 year old kid and I had a whopping $85 lunch including a Pachinko Roll (delicious), the Tartare Trio ($15), Naked Salmon roll and JUMBO Ebi Shumai.
Also Nigiri and sashimi a la carte (Salmon belly, salmon, REAL home-made tamago and more).

We love this place SO much!
We miss you!
I am a huge fan of Doma's chirashi. Everything from the sashimi toppings to the vinegared rice is delicious and balanced in the right amount.  As I'm not a fan of the interior decor of the restaurant (bit too modern/minimalistic) I tried ordering takeout and it was equally good.  $25 well spent!
With a pretty expansive menu, my friend and I sipped on our BYO wine as we contemplated. Our waiter was pretty helpful in suggesting recommendations, which isn't always the case at sushi restaurants. 

As fans of Chinese scallion pancakes and Korean kimchi pancakes, we began our meal by adventuring into an okonomiyaki. We weren't quite sure what to expect of the Japanese seafood pancake. Once past the initial aroma of fish flakes, we dove into the fluffy pancake filled with bacon, calamari and mixed vegetables. Paired with a drizzle of sweet and savory okonomiyaki sauce and Japanese mayo, it had a perfect mix and melody of flavors. It was also quite filling since it was thicker than we expected. It was exciting to see this on the menu, along with some other authentic casual fare, such as takoyaki octopus balls, that is typically rare in Philadelphia.

Also inspired by a mix of Asian cultures, the spicy pork steamed buns we got combined Chinese peking duck steamed buns with Korean bulgogi. The soft buns were stuffed with flavorful meat, pickled cucumbers, and scallions. A house sauce, similar to hoisin, was plated alongside for necessary dipping. Another enticing appetizer option that our neighbors got was the popular korean tacos with a choice of bulgogi, spicy pork or braised pork belly served with spicy slaw.

While every Japanese restaurant has their wild, innovative sushi rolls, Doma sets itself apart by reinventing a lot of the basics. Even the Naked Salmon Roll is not a typical roll. Instead, it's spicy salmon tartare with avocado, masago and jalapeño slices laid over crispy, sticky rice crackers. The simple presentation with a twist was definitely compelling and a delicious, little snack bite. I would definitely come back to try other rolls. 

Between two people, the sushi deluxe platter was the perfect sampling of fresh raw bar options. With an assortment of 10 pieces of sushi and a classic spicy tuna roll, the overall quality was apparent. 

Among all the sushi competition in the city, Doma's ambiance and food stands out from the crowd. The menu borrows many cultural influences for an innovative take on Japanese cuisine without feeling overly "Asian fusion." On top of all that, the restaurant has many interesting yet affordable options - plus a BYOB bonus!
Holy Sh!tballs.

Quick, attentive service.. second to none.

Food: phenomenal selection and freshness.

Ambiance: contemporary. Clean cut. 

We LOVED it. Bring a bottle. Experiment, everything is good.
We had an event at the Franklin Institute and since we hadn't tried this place, we decided to give it a try. Making a reservation was easy-peasy! I was disappointed that I did not know that this is a BYOB, otherwise I would have come prepared with a bottle to go with the fabulous food.

The service was quick and the food was so so good! We had the korean tacos and steamed buns to begin with. They let us choose a different meat (pork and bulgogi) for each taco and bun, which was amazing because we got to try both. Both were amazing, though the bun-to-filling ratio was more bun-heavy and thus a little doughy for my taste. We also tried the naked tuna, that was AMAZING!! They also served a spicy, sticky, sweet sauce, and I loved it a lot. After I told our server that the sauce was amazing, she gave me some sauce to go home with! That's the extent of their great service! The portion sizes were huge, so we ended up not getting a dish - turned out to be a good deal for us. Definitely cannot wait to go back with a nice bottle of wine!

I also saw a couple people come by for their pick up order. Sad that Doma is not in my neighborhood - could definitely see it being a staple.
The definition of quaint, Doma is unique alternative to the every day sushi restaurant.

The menu is full of mouth watering rolls and there are a few solid options for vegetarians as well!

My gf and I came to Doma on a Thursday night. I made a reservation and while our wait was a short 5 minutes they brought us out a complimentary order of edamame.  An unnecessary but lovely gesture.
For as small and crowded this place was, I didn't really feel overwhelmed. The small staff swiftly shared all duties and created a very comfortable environment.  

Like a champ, I forgot it was BYOB so we jealously watched our neighbors sip on their no corkage fee wine! If it weren't Woodbridge I probably would have pulled a Robin Hood but let's not talk about my wine standards. (Jk, I don't have any)

Our meal was enjoyed thoroughly! The waitress suggested a roll that was quite possibly the best I've had, and I can't remember the name! Sorry :/

Agetofu. Steamed mushroom buns, my special roll, were all devoured!

Doma is perfect for a date, as long as your ready for a bit of noise. I don't know how the staff managed all the people with so few staff, but it worked! 

Great meal! I'll be back, with wine of course!
ABSTRACT
Great sushi by a thoughtful Korean chef. Korean influenced dishes also on point. Sashimi / chiarashi - freshness is good, and specialty rolls that are subtle but creative (no cream cheese and sparklers - but that's a story for another review...)

BACKGROUND
After a week of customer dinners, airport "food" and hotel room service on the road, I always need a detox with sushi or Korean food...

Doma can scratch both itches quite well. Found it was walking distance from hotel which sealed the deal for me - they also deliver locally...

HIGHLIGHTS
- Spicy pork Korean taco: there's a reason why this dish has spread across the country  from Gogi in LA, it's good+fresh+tasty. Doma's take is very good...

- Chirashi: rice seasoned well, dressed with wakame and furokake ( I likey). Fish was fresh and cut well

- Omakase Roll: imagine a null roll (rice only), with a folded piece of sashimi skewered onto each of the rice pieces, then differentially sauced (salmon + ponzu, sea bass + gochujang...5 different fish). I will order this everytime I get here!

NOTES FOR NEXT TIME:
Hot Stone Bibimbop
Uni 3ways app

PS: 5th star is for service - it was busy, and server brought a complimentary order of shumai to make up for the longish wait between dishes...
Since my last update, we have been to Doma 3 or 4 times including New Year's Eve (amazing) and last night just me and my 6 year old.

She ate 2 orders of Shrimp Shumai. and a bunch of edamame.
And then she said, "Mommy, I don;t want any chocolate lava cake this time".

Smart kid.

I had the Naked Salmon roll (sans jalapenos) and it was so good, I ordered a second one.

And that was it.

2 rounds of Shumai 'n salmon.

And we were stuffed.

Dan & the guys are so great with my little one.  She loves to sit at the high-top tables in the back.  (I prefer the regular tables, but I was out voted.)

Oh - and if you go to DOMA - save room for dessert (if you can).  The mochi-coated strawberries dipped in fudge and chocolate lava cake (sounds trite - but they make a good one) are amazing.
I worked in Philadelphia from Sept 2009 to Jan 2010 and I ate here once a week.  This is one of the best sushi, fusion, small plate Japanese restaurants I have ever eaten at.  I've done the Koi and Nobu thing in both LA and Vegas and this place is on par with the quality of food at half the price.  I honestly think they can raise their prices by 30% and it would still be a steal.  Maki recommendations are the Triple Spicy Double Tuna and Naked Salmon are a must.  You have to try the following small plates:  Rock Shrimp Tempura (Similar to Koi and Nobu), Stuffed Jalapeno Tempura and Steamed Buns (INSANE).  They also have specials which you need to check out before making a decision.  Doma is BYOB and there is a liquor store right down the street where you can mix and match beers.  They will ice them for you and uncork wine at no charge.  Amazing restaurant.
What I got: Sashimi deluxe ($30) and a separate order of fatty tuna ($8). Take-out.

Benchmarks: Fuji (PHL), Sushi Yoshida (NYC) , Sushi of Gari (NYC)

Doma is a stone's throw from me, so I did a take-out. Since I provided my own soy (an import from Japan which went through a 2 year process) and rice (import from Japan, Sasanishiki from Niigata, cooked in a top of the line IH rice cooker), actual experience at restaurant may be different.

Sashimi plate was a 16 piece deal consisting of tuna (probably blue fin), salmon, whitefish (probably rockfish?), managatsuo (white tuna), yellowtail and another tuna (probably mebachi). This is on par with Fuji, but lags behind my NYC benchmarks by far. I would prefer a sashimi plate from Mitsuwa (Edgewater) over this.

The separate order of fatty tuna (o-toro) was not impressive. Perhaps better than Fuji, but it is a cut from a very fibrous part of the fish. It's definitely not from harakami-ichiban - probably from the kama section. This section requires careful aging to make it edible (aging sometimes amplifies the strong fishy tones). They certainly didn't do a good job.
We were visiting Philadelphia for an evening and called this restaurant around 8pm to ask the kitchen closing time. The hostess stated the kitchen closing time was 10:30PM. We arrived at 9:55PM and were seated. We choose our food in less than a minute to be respectful, as they expressed that the kitchen was closing soon. We were promptly told that the items on the sushi menu we chose were not available because the kitchen closed soon. The items would have been 8 pieces of sushi and 6 of sashimi, for a total of 14. Instead we were pushed to order two of the sushi deluxe menus, which was actually more pieces (20 in total). It was also more expensive! Having walked there on a rainy night we were temped to leave, but decided to stay to avoid the wet outside. 

We now know why they pushed us to the sushi deluxe. It is pre-pared and came from the back kitchen not prepared upon order by the sushi chef (who left 5 minutes after we arrived). The fish tasted as you would expect for something that was not cut fresh. There some tasty pieces, but most had the fishy taste of being old. The miso soup was very watery, clearly little miso is used. Overall it was a disappointing service experience and the food was below average. 

Once realizing we were very upset they did reduce our bill slightly, likely just the offset of forcing us to buy the more expensive items. 

We do not live in Philadelphia, but when back here would never return. Here is hoping the Philadelphia sushi world has better options.
Initially I came here because it's one of the two places in Philly currently that attempts Ramen noodles.  I knew it wouldn't be like NY's Ippudo, but I was hoping for something that would provide a fix.  

Sad to say, it resembled the instant noodles ramen more than Japanese ramen.  We also had the shrimp tempura Udon.  Which was fine, but unmemorable.  

However, the calamari bibimbap was pretty good.  I also got the Kalbi to go. Good but so expensive compared to a North Philly Korean restaurant.  But you can't hate on the business.  Location location right?

There were a lot of things on the menu I'll be back to try though, including the sushi.  Overall a good experience and a definite revisit since I'm always in the area.
I have gone as far as Lambertville and Newtown for great sushi when I could have walked to Doma!  

The sushi is unbelievably fresh and melts in your mouth delish.  We ordered and had no problem consuming 5 signature rolls.  The triple spicy tuna, Doma and Medusa were amazing.  I highly recommend their tuna sandwich roll...I mean, sandwich.  Try it, you'll see what I mean.  I can't remember the name of the 5th roll, it was good but clearly not as memorable as the other 4.    

The restaurant is bigger than it looks and definitely a great addition to Callowhill St. and the city's expanding list of BYOBs.
I was disappointed with Doma, I have had better sushi at numerous places.  I tried the snowcrab california, cucumber, eel cucumber, salmon skin, hamachi verde, island, and spring garden rolls.  The biggest disappointments were the eel cucumber and salmon skin rolls.  Both lacked the flavor that I have come to expect from these rolls, the eel was downright bland.  The hamachi verde roll was very good though, the sweet fruit mixed well with the savory fish and it had a nice texture to it.  The island and spring garden rolls were pretty bland as well.  

Miso soup was some of the better that I've had.  

The bulgogi steamed buns were pretty good.  The bulgogi was nicely spiced, but the buns were a bit dense for my taste.  

It's a small, posh looking place.  I'd be interested in trying more of their Korean over the sushi.
Despite the absurd glut of sushi places in CC, the bf and I have pretty much explored all the good restaurants in our area (except the uber fancy shmancy expensive ones). I love love LOVE checking out restaurants we've never been to, and Doma seemed like a perfect choice...I just had to convince my bf to make the hike up there. We struck a bargain - he wanted take out, not dine in, so after earning our sushi walking there we cozied up on the couch and chowed down.

First, I must mention that we didn't order any edamame, but they gave us a full order for free! We enjoyed a lovely, although pretty standard, seaweed salad, and their amazingly awesome jumbo shrimp shumai. Those were fantastic, so much succulent shrimp inside! We also OF COURSE checked out their sushi rolls:

Triple Spicy Double Tuna Roll (inside: tuna, spicy sauce, siracha, tempura crunch, scallion; outside: seared albacore, sichimi pepper, sweet glaze): YUMMY. We love spicy rolls, and their spicy sauce does not disappoint. The sweet glaze was a nice contrast to the spicy interior.

Chloe (inside: eel, spicy sprouts, scallions; outside: spicy salmon crunch, wrapped with soybean paper): Another delicious roll STUFFED with eel! For whatever awesome reason, we had the biggest pieces of eel in this roll. And can I just mention here how fresh their fish is?

Island (inside: salmon, spicy aioli, tempura crunch; outside: salmon, mango, wasabi tobiko): If you love salmon, you will love this roll. And I love mango, so its an all-around winner crowned with the wasabi tobiko. 

Next time we'll have to dine in because its a beautiful little gem of a restaurant, and seemingly in the middle of nowhere too (although Sabrina's is right down the block). I imagine on weekends its pretty hard to get a table since its kind of small, but totally worth make a reservation for!
We stopped in here last night and despite some pretty minor annoyances (lights kept flickering and our table was next to their pantry), I still feel like they did a decent job.  I really enjoyed my sushi and I love that this place is a BYOB.  I ordered very basic rolls and they were delicious and fresh.  My husband was more adventurous and opted for their more fancy rolls.  He agreed that they were phenomenal.  It's a good sign to me when a restaurant can execute everything on their menu.  He also ordered a hamachi crudo appetizer that looked truly exquisite.  I highly recommend reservations if possible because this is a smaller restaurant.
This place is not your average typical sushi byob but 100 times better. The menu is extensive with a ton of yummy selections to pick from. My friend had tuna on a crispy bready yummy flat square. I had the Philly roll, which was cream cheese, avocado, and smoked salmon, with a red caviar on top. As you can see I am not an expert on the names of the food we had, because sushi is not my favorite. But this place made me love sushi... 

The thing I liked most about this place was that my friend did not see what she wanted on the menu, so she showed the waitress a picture of what she desired. Waitress was more than willing to accommodate. We watched her go over to the chef to explain the order. Willing to go the extra mile!!! 

Staff was so helpful at all times, refilling waters and always around if we needed to grab the waitress for assistance. Great ambiance. The only issue was the noise level. There was a drunk birthday party next to us who appeared to be literally screaming!!!! Once they left, everyone clapped  This was hilarious. It was loud when the group was there but it was very quiet once they left. I could actually have a conversation with my friend and hear my own voice.
After so many of my friends talked up doma, I was excited that my friend wanted to celebrate her birthday there. I made a reservation through yelp  (which was only my third time using this feature) & I was pleased that they had plenty of seating and was ready for me. Everyone here was very friendly and professional yet candid, it was refreshing.
The restaurant is very pretty and modern with a soft wooden decor which I really like. I adore their hanging lights as well.
Now onto the food...
We ordered the Korean tacos and they were accommodating to give us 3. We got the Bulgogi ones. It was good if you want the flavor of the Bulgogi but want something light with the vegetables. The vegetables were not flavored but it was fresh.
For the entrees we got their special tuna dolsot bibimbap which had raw tuna that you could mix in. Let the rice cook until crispy then mix it in with gochujang...winner!
This came with a miso soup or salad so we opted with miso soup. Last but not least we also got the sashimi sushi omakase which has sushi, sashimi, special rolls and some chef choices. It was absolutely delicious and the presentation was beautiful.
I would absolutely come here again in a heartbeat!
I didn't know about this place and just randomly was walking around looking for dinner.  Well turns out I stumbled upon a GEM!  Delicious, delicious, delicious!

It is BYOB but nevertheless I would recommend the 3 tartare in the cold appetizer menu.  Unbelievable!  Another recommendation is their waffle, whipped cream, chocolate with ice cream (recommend the black sesame flavor).... OMG this might be one of the best things I have ever had.  I went to bed dreaming about this dessert!!!
I'm generally skewed towards favoring hole in the wall places, especially Asian food (see the other 99% of my food reviews)

Most of the places that has mood lighting, table candles and lots of natural texture decor contrasting the neo-industrial sleek lines turns out to be overpriced and of fairly average value.  

When I walked in here I was highly skeptical, but I was really impressed with the quality of the food.  First off, it's a Japanese/Korean menu and they do both equally well.  

They take your average Korean or Japanese dish and kick it up a level in terms of the taste.  For example, the tteokbokki is made of HUGE tteok noodles that were pan-fried and then tossed in the sauce, which gave them a slightly crispy outside and a nice chewy inside- most korean places just throw the noodles in the red sauce and let them simmer and they just end up soggy. 

The okonomiyaki was really filling and had huge chunks of meat and seafood- definitely need to split this one among the party or make it a main plate!  

Bi bim bap was also really good and again the meat and hot sauce were just a step above what I typically see in Korean restaurants.  

Only slight let down was the roasted ika (squid).  I thought it would be huge pieces of charred octopus (which most Korean places do really well), it ended up being a super tiny bowl of octopus slivers on top of fried noodles.  Still tasty but definitely not what I was expecting.  

BYOB.  Don't be like me and forget the sake and soju at home and realize there's nothing around for blocks.  F@# you, Philadelphia Alcoholic Beverage Sale Laws.
The Korean Taco was delicious (though messy!) with a little heat. The soft, silky Agetofu was subtle, but great. The Sashimi Sundae was a rainbow of flavors, but I actually would have preferred the elements separately. The Dok Bok Ki (grilled rice cakes) are not very traditional and were probably my least favorite, but still pretty good.

The Tuna Club is very tasty, but is filling because of all the soybean paper that is shaped into a thick bread form. I also liked the Hamachi Verde roll, but could have skipped the kiwi on top of the roll.

I also sampled the Ankimo (monkfish pate), which tasted like fishy liver - others enjoyed it more, but if you're already on the fence about pate this isn't going to be the one to convert you.
This place most definetly surprised me, who knew this gem was hiding a hop, skip and jump away (literally) from sabrina's cafe. All I have to say is wow!

From korean style tuna tar tar served with a quail egg, to the doma roll wrapped with thinly sliced cucumber instead of seaweed paper and no race, which was one of the coolest sushi rolls I've ever had, this roll alone is worth you visitng this hot sushi spot.

Their rice was very good as well, not sweet at all, just solid sushi rice. The other rolls were very well excicuted, especially the chloe roll (I posted a pic of the rolls on their yelp page). The fish was also very fresh and tastey.

Doma would easily have five stars if their prices were a little better, other than that an overall fantastic sushi spot. Oh yeah the atmosphere is pretty cool too, as is the lunch specials, they do have stuff for those who don't like sushi, but I don't know any of those people...
Last night's visit was sooooooo fabulous.  We were smart and made a reservation for the 3 of us - we took our 5 year old DD who just LOVES (and ate 6 of) the jumbo shrimp shumai.

Service was great considering how frantically busy they were (they had to turn people away) on a Friday night.

My husband's sushi was great - especially the crunchy spicy tuna roll.
I had the (ENORMOUS) Zen bento box which came with delectable tempura and 4 pieces of sushi, plus kalbi, 1 shumai (we got a little shumai'ed out) and a spicy tuna roll.  (Yum!)

If you are a big eater consider the $36 Zen box - comes with miso soup (GREAT and homemade), salad (tasty soy-based dressing) and dessert.

As a surprise - and mostly why I am giving them 5 stars is that they brought our daughter a HUGE platter ($14 on the menu) called the Doma Dessert Sampler.  (FOR FREE.)

The dessert sampler came with:

Vanilla ice cream topped with green-tea cream cheese and a fresh blueberry

Mochi-covered Strawberries (home-made mochi) with a small pot of fudge to dip them in (WOW).

3 fried banana-tempura drizlled in (more) chocolate sauce and caramel sauce.

And a MOLTEN chocolate lava cake.

It was a HUGE platter of dessert - and easily fed all 3 of us (who, by the way, were already stuffed from dinner).  Somehow we managed to eat it.  (Ha!)  What a treat.  And how nice of them to do this for us.

My little one already adores DOMA and now I am quite sure it has surpassed Roy's and Swanky Bubbles (2 of my little one' faves) as her favorite restaurant.

Man, I wish my parents had taken me to places like Doma when I was 5.
(Yes, she was the ONLY kid in the joint - this is not a kiddie place.)

Kid's got good taste.  Not a chicken nugget in sight.
Sushi has quickly become my favorite pre-race meal so on the eve before the Philly RnR half, we had dinner at Doma.

It's a charming spot with a fun, modern decor. It's pretty small though so if you have a large party, it's going to be a tight squeeze.

The edamame was the freshest bowl of soybeans I've ever had. I also had the pork buns, spicy tuna and spicy scallop rolls. MD and AC also ordered some rolls and the tuna sashimi special.

The pork buns were a little lackluster- not very flavorful but overall satisfying. You know I love the swine. The fish was very fresh but I found the rice to be ever so slightly undercooked. 

There are so many menu options that it's really hard to choose. On a return trip to Philly I definitely plan on stopping in again. We were seated near the bar and saw this "tuna club" roll get plated and served and the rice was shaped like a club sandwich! Next time I see that roll it will be right before I take a bite.
Doma!!!!
What a treat to be able to dine here again.

Tonight re-affirmed that Doma is one of the best restaurants in the city.
It's my fave and my 9 year kid (who has been coming here since age 3 or 4) loves it too and scarfs down salmon sushi, edamame and her favorite - BIG shrimp shumai.

I had a delectable Kalbi dinner with 9 large pieces of tender, juicy short-ribs.
DH had a variety of sushi including our love - the Naked Salmon.  (try this!!)

Thank you DOMA (and Pat and staff) for wonderful food and service for all these years - and hopefully many more.

We love you!! (And we miss you - now that we are out in the 'burbs.)
Doma has the biggest shrimp shumai you'll ever eat. Delicate flavors ever so carefully dipped in spicy Chinese mustard that'll clear out your sinuses before you can swallow. 

I went to Doma with a party of six on my 25th birthday. We had four sushi eaters, one vegetarian, and one chick who has tried so hard so many times, but just doesn't like sushi (love ya, Rebecca L!). 

The sushi eaters gorged on fresh simple and fancy rolls. The vegetarian had a veggie bibimbap and a massive bowl of garlic edemame. The non-sushi eater had the salmon entree. Everyone was happy. And when everyone's happy on your birthday, it makes it extra happy, no?

Fried banana and red bean ice cream came out with a candle on it. The entire meal was classic upscale Japanese/Korean fare that was very much enjoyable- but... Umai Umai is better.
I was so excited to find that a sushi place had opened in the area, and Doma did not disappoint.  The sushi was fresh and tasted wonderful.  The staff was polite and attentive.  I'm completely in love with the decor - modern and sleek and very, very relaxing.  My only complaint was that the special roll I had [its name slips my mind, but it had various pieces of generous cuts of sashimi] was too large, so I couldn't eat a piece all at once and it fell apart on my plate - messy!  But I don't care, because the food was so amazing and the service good enough that I'll forgive just about anything.

The price was pretty standard for a sushi place. Will definitely go again.
Hand rolls are my favourite kind of sushi. I first experienced them while on vacation in Miami at a place that had the most amazingly fresh fish, and honestly all other sushi was ruined for me after that. I posted a Y'alk thread a while back looking to satisfy my craving here in Philly. Doma seemed to top that list, but Fairmount always felt so.... far.

Then I bought a car! This was the first place we decided to exercise our newly found freedom, and my expectations were well-exceeded. Parking in the area was surprisingly easy at 7pm on a Sunday (hit up the block of 18th street north of Callowhill, it was wide open). We had a reservation, which was not completely necessary, but the place was busier than I would have expected. There was quite a mix of patrons that looked to be mostly neighbourhood types.

I went with pork gyoza to start, and then a yellowtail scallion hand roll and a spicy crunchy tuna hand roll. The gyoza were uncommonly good, and a lovely way to start. Yellowtail scallion hand roll was so fresh it was practically still swimming. The fish was perfection, the sushi rice was just right, and the nori wrapper still had a bit of crispy edges, which is my favourite. The crunchy spicy tuna roll was also really good, but maybe a tiny bit too uch spicy mayo. I'd ask them to just go light on the mayo next time, since it was freshly, barely chopped tuna dressed with spicy mayo, not some mush resembling cat food like you see at most places.

E also loved his hand rolls and maki rolls. I can't remember everything he got, but the salmon in his hand roll looked like glistening jewels, it was almost too pretty to eat.

The bill was extremely reasonable, right around $50. We've spent more at Izumi for much less satisfying meals. Can't wait to come back!
It was a fantastic party in my mouth! 

Went on a Friday night with a girlfriend of mind.  We were both Doma virgins and very excited to sample the goods.

We started off with the Tartare Trio and the Hamachi Crudo - both were very very good. The juices from the trio were so good that we shamelessly ate the shiso leaf garnishes!

For rolls we tried:

Triple Spicy Double Tuna - very good and very spicy.  Not my favorite.

Yakuza (lots of softshell crab tempura) - I loved it!

Naked Salmon (spicy salmon, fried rice cake, jalapeno) - I loved it!!

Tuna Club (crunchy spicy tuna, avocado - looks just like a club sandwich) Very good.


I have been telling all of my sushi eaters to go here and I cannot wait to go back!!
Doma is my neighborhood sushi spot and i could not be happier! The sushi is incredibly fresh and service is really quick. I normally only order take out (since it is only a block away) and they usually only take about 5-10 minutes to complete an order. My go to options are salmon avocado rolls and salmon sashimi (i am slightly addicted to salmon). This restaurant always delivers on quality and the price is really reasonable too.
Cute little BYOB sushi place on Callowhill Street! I have been to a lot of BYOB sushi places, and this one has some of the best prices. I tried their crunchy spicy tuna roll, salmon avocado roll, and a few of the special rolls. They were all delicious, and a good portion size for the price you pay. It is a pretty small restaurant space, so if you are planning on going on the weekend, I recommend making a reservation. I have come on a week day as well and it was fairly quiet until about 7:30, then the restaurant was packed. They do take out as well, and have a 10% cash discount (pick up orders only, not in the restaurant itself). I highly recommend coming here if you live in the Fairmount area or want to make your way out to the Art Museum area!
Please note - this is a review of Doma's sushi only.  And it is not good.

I just don't understand the measuring stick others are using to judge the sushi at this place.  I could not have been more underwhelmed.  And I was dying to LOVE this for many reasons; BYOB for one, in my 'hood, nice decor, and stellar reviews.

What I found was courteous albeit slow slow slow service (w/ only a few tables of diners and 3 chef's behind the sushi bar it took 45 min. to get our first order) then it went down hill from there.

Bland bland bland is the overriding theme of the night.  Starting with the soy sauce - not very complex or flavorful except for the heavy emphasis on vinegar.  The wasabi, I could have eaten it alone and not felt any heat or flavor for that matter.  Then the fish and rolls - yes the texture spoke of freshness, but the flavors were completely lacking.  Both for the fish itself and for the rolls we had. 

So on I march for my favorite sushi bar in the city......
Ughhh...get it together yelp. This was the worst sushi ive had in a long time. I was so excited to eat here..various yelp threads ive read praise this place to end of the world and back. 
We ordered 5 rolls..so we sampled alot of different things...and when the california is the best, and by a wide margin, something is wrong. Service was fine..lol..but everything was fishy, sopped in sauces, with ridiculous amounts of rice. The novelty tuna club was a glorified rice sandwhich. Ill stick to almost anywhere else...im still just so disappointed w how bad it was.
finally some amaaazing japanese food! 4.5 stars for excellent efficient service and a quality meal. the hamachi appetizer is our usual go-to and it was very tasty! loved the fresh jalapeno and cilantro on top but we missed the grated daikon that it comes with at other places however the generous hamachi slices made up for everything. 

the side salad with my meal was perfectly refreshing with its ponzu dressing. my "sashimi regular" was the best part of the night! it had amazing quality slices of fish with our favorites being the albacore tuna and the salmon that just melted in your mouth. the striped bass was refreshing and a nice contrast to everything else. love their knife skills on the sashimi.. everything was perfect about this dish except i wish i had more! the wasabi had slices of green onion in it which was different but didn't add much for us and we ended up having to mput more wasabi than usual in our soy sauce to get the usual kick we desire.

bf had a standard miso soup and kalbi entree. the quality and grill of the kalbi was on point but just a tad lacking in flavor from what our spoiled fatty tastebuds are used to from back home.  

it's BYO, casual environment, and clean. the walls aren't buffered with sound absorbing textures so it can get very loud --not the ideal place for a quiet romantic dinner if that's what you're looking for. i can't wait to come back and try more sashimi and try out a bunch of rolls. prices are fair considering the quality of the fish for Philly having been disappointed by the small amount of Japanese offerings around here. this is officially our go-to spot for Japanese in Philly :D
Doma claims to serve Japanese and Korean cuisine, but its menu is certainly Japanese-heavy.  Nevertheless, it was an oddly cold spring evening and I was craving dolsot bibimbap (Korean dish of rice served on a hot stone pot to create the requisite crunchy cooked rice feel).  I also figured that since it was my first time there, I should try something that would be hard to screw up.... and thankfully they didnt screw it up.  (If you do order it, beware: your clothes will smell smokey.  The strong aroma produced by the steam of the hot stone pot combined with the Korean hot pepper paste has permeated my clothes and Febreze will not neutralize that smell.)

Upon perusing the menu, I was pleased that the Zoma had a focused menu and that it didnt emphasize the "experimental" Asian (con)fusion concoctions that other places will prepare to appeal to a "broader" audience.   Of course, if I wanted better Korean food, I would have explored the enclave of reputable Korean establishments in North Philly, but suffice to say that this was a decent place for my neighborhood.   No panchan (variety of small Korean hors d'oeuvres that precede main meals) is served here.  

I found the modern interior of the restaurant appealing.  There is a bar/counter area that accommodates 3-4 guests.  There also appears to be a private area for larger parties that can accommodate up to 8 guests.  

Service, on a whole could be improved.... my water glass was not filled immediately and upon indicating the lack of water, I had to repeat my requests.  Specials were not announced automatically by the person who took my order.  The requested check/bill was not brought over promptly. 

Will I come back here?  Sure, why not?  Next time, to try the Japanese side of the menu.
Made a reservation because it was a Friday night. We were seated immediately and the waitress opened our wine bottle (BYOB). We ordered the ookie eel roll, doma roll, and chef's omakase. The omakase was 6 totally different pieces of roll topped with fish and sauce. The omakase is whatever the sushi chef dreams up. One of the rolls has white albacore which I had never had, with this delicious garlic sauce. I then HAD to have more so I ordered a white albacore roll with garlic sauce to dip in. Everything was amazing and service was perfect. Will DEFINITELY be back.
Naked Salmon roll ($12) was so money.  There is a bed of crispy brown rice at the bottom and a whole mess of salmon on top.  

Spicy Garlic Edamame ($6) was amazing.  Edamame is edamame but the spicy garlic sauce that they added was off the chain.

Bibimbap roll ($8) was so-so.  Better to get the dish than the roll.
Doma would get 4 stars if not for my reservation hassle.  I called a couple of days prior and got voicemail.  I left a detailed message (name, party size, date, time, etc).  By the next day no one had called me back so I called again and this time was able to make a reservation for 7:30 pm the next day with the hostess.  Or so I thought.  She confirmed my info, explained that if you're late they hold the reservation for 10 minutes blah blah usual stuff.  The next night my friends and I showed up at 7:30pm starving, with wine bottles in hand....but there was no record of my reservation! Great.  The hostess took our name/number and said she'd call when a table opened up.  Good thing Kite & Key is next door because we didn't get that call till almost 9pm.

I was craving Dok Bok Ki and it did not disappoint.  The Korean tacos (with bulgogi) and the agetofu were also delicious. The rolls were solid: no complaints but nothing amazing - although I really liked the crispy sticky rice in the Naked Tuna roll.  It was different than any other roll I've had. For dessert we split the molten lava chocolate cake and the banana tempura thing.  Both were very good but the banana tempura was my favorite. 

I'll give Doma another chance but would go mainly for the non-sushi dishes.
Family dinner on a Sunday night (not crowded) at Doma was blissful and AWESOME as usual.  We are regulars now and they ALL know us (for better of for worse, I guess.)

DD enjoyed her shumai and a DIY Salmon roll.  Dh had a plate of various rolls including the decadent Naked Salmon roll (served on crispy rice).
I had a Negi-hamachi handroll (lightly chopped upon my request) that was sheer perfection.

A gratis hamachi naruto was our luscious gift from the chefs.

We love you, Doma - see you again May 19 if not sooner.
This is my 6 year old's favorite restaurant ever (and she's been to quite a few, believe it or not.)  DH & I love it here too. We thank you for always accomodating our family (some folks cringe when they see a family with kids).

Do you love sushi?  Do you like Korean or Japanese influences?  You MUST try DOMA.  

P.S.  If you are a sushi purist - this place may not be for you - I have learned with time which dishes to order sauceless or with sauce on the side.
What can I say about this place, its my favorite restaurant/sushi spot in Philadelphia.
The fish is fresh, the meat is cooked well, and they really stand out by their creative appetizers/dishes/rolls. The service is top-notch, the kids who basically run this place couldn't be nicer and more accommodating if they tried. My only regret in giving this review is that it will make it harder for me to get a table once more people realize how much of a gem this place is.
I went here a few weeks ago on a date. We ordered a lot of different items ranging from appetizers (the rock shrimp) to sushi rolls. It is BYOB so don't forget your wine/sake/beer!

The Tuna Club was definitely delicious. A must try just because its such an interesting take on sushi. Everything was very fresh and the decor is adorable. 
We were brought an incorrect roll, scallops, by accident. The waiter realized and didn't charge us for the roll and brought us the correct one ASAP.

We sat at a high top table which is sort of uncomfortable but the meal was so delicious that I forgot about the height of the chair as soon as I started eating. 

All in all, this is a place I'd definitely recommend if you're in the area of CCP and want some sushi!
BYOB, fresh sushi, Dolsot BI BIM BOP!!!  Doma you are so good to me.

I love this place.  Some of the best Korean (fusion) food I have had in the city.  First time I came here, they had a special Spicy Pork dolsot bibimbap (Hot Stone Bibimbop)... and I had a smile on my face for the rest of the night.  Holy crap, it was perfect.  For those of you not privy to the magic of the dolsot bibimbap... let me educate you...

It is a sizzling korean stone pot with rice, assorted seasoned vegetables, and spicy kochujang sauce (description stolen from their menu).   Many people are intimidated by the spectacle of the dolsot... but fear not... you can overcome in these few steps:

1.  When the bowl is delivered to you, immediate pick up your spoon and begin stirring everything up.  Don't forget the spicy sauce! It is integral... but be warned - a little goes a long way!

2. After stirring for a few seconds, push all the contents of the hot bowl to the sides so the vegetables, meat, rice etc can get seared by the heat.  Let sizzle for about 15 seconds, and repeat the stir / push procedure.  Continue this until the sizzling has stopped.

3.  Pick up your chopsticks and DIG IN.  Enjoy!

Doma is a great spot to take a date or meet up with friends.  The service has been spot on every time I've gone there - they are very attentive. The atmosphere is very chill - kind of an ethereal modern vibe... pretty much exactly what one might expect from an asian fusion restaurant.   Be sure to make reservations ahead of time!
Very nice ambience, overall experience was very good. Great service!

I ordered the Stuffed Jalepeno Tempura for an appetizer. Jalepeno with tuna, cream cheese and a tempura fried coating. The tuna in it was cooked (i was expecting spicey tuna for some reason), but the taste was still good. I have had better renditions of this dish though.

Rock & Roll: on the menu this had great promise, however, when it came out it looked small and bare. Taste was still good, just not what I had expected.

Medusa: this roll i thought was very unique, with a mild spice to it. A great combination of shrimp tempura inside, and what made this roll was the topping: crab chunks with a wasabi mayo, very nice touch!

Triple Spicey Double Tuna Roll: this roll was my favorite one of all! spicey tuna on the inside with white tuna on top. The combination of spicey and sweet was so unique and tastey that i would say this roll is the reason this is a 4 star review versus a 3 star review. the inside was spicey yet the sweet glaze on top not only gave a beautiful presentation, but a delightful mix between two opposing flavors. I definately recomend this roll :)
We came here on a Sunday night after sushi cravings kicked in and we needed a place to grab food in the area.  Thankfully I'd heard about Doma and drive by it ALL THE TIME (when it's closed) so was happy to give it a try.

The restaurant definitely has a modern aesthetic, and the servers are dressed in hip clothing and sneakers, but don't let that turn you off since they are super friendly and able to explain anything on the menu to you.

We ran for some raw pieces of sushi and I was incredibly pleased by the freshness and quality of the fish.  My hamachi and saba tasted incredibly clean and silky, and the salmon was also extremely good.  And the prices, holy hell.  For sushi that good i was stunned that our wallets weren't crying at the end of the night.

I always claim that it's incredibly rare to find good sushi in Philly (having been horribly spoiled by my hometown) but Doma might be the exception to that story now.
So this is the sequence of events that happened this past week: 

We ordered delivery on a week night. An hour later we receive a phone call from the delivery man saying he is downstairs so I go down to pick up the food however he is nowhere to be found. When I call him he said he went to the wrong address accidentally and because of the all the time he spent driving he will not come to deliver the food since it wasted so much of his time. I get the sense this is a third party delivery service so I called Doma and explained what just happened. The response from the person who picked up the phone was "Oh, I gave the delivery man the wrong address. Can you come and pick up the food?". 

Really? Really?? Usually people order delivery because they CAN'T come pick up the food. So I said "no unfortunately I can't pick up the food" and the response I got was "ok let me talk to my manager". A minute later the lady gets back on the phone and says "I am sorry we don't have anyone that can deliver the food but next time you order delivery we can give you 15% off."

I am still trying to decipher what's more ridiculous, the fact that the restaurant would not go out of their way to deliver food to a loyal customer who waited for over an hour despite the restaurant's self-acknowledged mistake or the fact they think its appropriate to offer someone 15% off the next time you order from there after the restaurant made an egregious mistake.

An intelligent restaurant manager that genuinely cares for his customer base would make every concerted effort to deliver the food (ie. make one of his employees drive 10 minutes to the customer's place) and deliver the food at a significantly discounted price (if not free). 15% is 3 dollars of the order. Thanks but no thanks.

Fortunately, Philly is a haven for foodie's. Zero necessity to ever come back here.
This is a pretty darn good sushi spot. Since moving to Philly over two years ago, I have not had decent sushi. I tried a few spots in the West Philly/University City area. All were mediocre at best.

Like I often do, I took to Yelp to find a better sushi spot. Doma had good reviews and seemed to be a reasonable distance. I ordered up a Zipcar, than my food, and off I went.

When I got home I was giddy like a school girl. I got the Sushi special and added some eel sushi. I gobbled down the miso soup. It was pretty good. Than, I went at the sushi. It was so tasty. Nice and fresh just how I like it. The ginger to clean my palates between sushi was very refreshing. Everything was perfect.

No longer do I need to eat mediocre sushi, because now I can turn to my new sushi best friend, Doma.
Such friendly staff and a cute and cozy atmosphere. The waiter offered us complementary, delicious edamame while we were waiting for our appetizer, which did not end up taking long to arrive. The rolls are delicious and the wait staff is very helpful with making menu decisions. I highly recommend the "Rachel" roll, and the okonomiyaki is divine. We had a lovely time and will return soon.
Doma does not fall in my general geographic dining vicinity, so its always been on my list, but not a priority.  I finally ventured here tonight, and I will definitely be expanding my dining vicinity.  Doma's food is fantastic.  We started with the korean tacos and the pork belly buns.  The tacos were divine.  I would have had an amazing dinner if we'd just stopped there. 

We ordered quite a bit of sushi, the dragon roll and the specialty eel roll were both very good.  We finished the meal with fried banana and red bean ice cream.  It was perfect.  And then our bill came . . . . I was expecting something gastronomical, and was very willing to pay based on how much I loved dinner.  But, surprise! not gastronomical at all, but rather, totally affordable, and totally worth it.
My boyfriend and I went here the day afternoon Doma opened for dinner. I was extremely impressed with the friendly staff and the food was amazing. They treated us to Miso Soup and house salads which was a nice touch. The sushi was excellent. They have a pretty extensive menu that offers a variety of not only sushi rolls but also some great Vietnamese dishes. This restaurant is a great addition to the neighborhood. I'm looking forward to going back again.
Easily my favorite place to get sushi in the city. Fish is always very fresh and the prices are very affordable. The shrimp dumplings are some of the best dumplings I've ever had. The medusa and triple spicy sushi rolls are both favorites of mine.

 The restaurant is small and not to noisy providing a great atmosphere. BYOB always helps as well!

I've been here half a dozen times now and this place never fails to satisfy my sushi cravings. Also remember to pay in cash and get a 10% discount .
Really delicious meal. We started off with the sashimi platter, the jumbo ebi shumai and pork gyoza. My mom got the short ribs and my dad got the chicken udon plate, while I ordered two rolls. All were completely satisfied with the meal and hope to return soon!
SO glad we tried this place! We were looking for a good sushi restaurant and came here based on other yelp reviews, The interior of the restaurant is modern, and reminded me of a scaled-down version of Pod without the pods. I started with the wild mushroom steamed buns, which were delicious. They were overflowing with mushrooms, had a really good sauce in them, and they were the perfect size for an appetizer. My fiance had the soft shell crab appetizer and was very happy with it as well. I had planned on getting sushi, but couldn't turn down bibimbap once I saw it on the menu. They serve their vegetable bibimbap in a sizzling stone pot with so many delicious veggies (squash, carrots, mushrooms, mung beans, shredded cabbage, seaweed). The rice crisps up on the bottom of the stone pot, making a really great crust on the bottom (almost like tahdig without the saffron for all the Persians out there!). My fiance had a couple different sushi rolls, and was happy with all of them.
The service was very friendly, and we really don't have one negative thing to say! We will be back for sure.
Doma is my all time favorite sushi restaurant! I have been coming for quite some time and not only do they have the freshest tasting fish and amazing dishes the service is amazing. The place is cozy modern and just gives you an overall great vibe. Will be going here as long as I live in Philly and even if I'm just visiting in the future! Not to mention its byob !!! Love you guys!!
I'm giving doma 5 stars because I truly feel its my favorite sushi place in the city. I've been a number of times and always enjoyed everything. Service is very good it's byob and very reasonably priced. But the reason I thin its the best is because I feel like the fish is very fresh and well prepared. Some faves are double spicy tuna and the oamakasa sampler. Hot appetizers have always been good too. I am really eager to try the Korean dishes
On a work project in Philadelphia and in need of aYelp inspired lunch choice for our crew of 8. Everyone was game for sushi... The die was cast and Domo was our target.
A short walk from Franklin Institute and we were welcomed and quickly seated, presented with menu and we were off and running. Doma is a modestly sized restaurant, maybe 13 tables, yet not squeezed together like NYC
The menu is tantalizing broad & creative selections of Asian fare. Our group is as diverse in personalities as in food priorities and we traversed Doma's menu and ordered across the board, not missing a nuance.
When presented with our lunch, they were visually beautiful as much as delicately tasteful.
Our "Road Warriors"... veterans of many a sushi city and countries, were all impressed, delighted and satisfied. Cause after all, this restaurant review thing is all about getting satisfied, isn't it ?
Doma is that... Satisfying, but with many subtleties and wonderfully tasteful surprises.

When in Philadelphia... 
                                      Get Thee to Doma
Doma has become one of my favorite little neighborhood spots in Fairmount.  They skirt the curve a bit in that they don't use opentable for reservations however they do take them and are really great about calling you back to confirm.

I love that their menu is an eclectic combination of Korean and Japanese which makes it a great date spot for picky eaters who are not into raw fish.  Steamed buns or Korean Tacos + Sushi anyone?  

Their beef bi bim bop is one of my favorites.  The bowl comes out sizzling and crisps the rice at the bottom.  The only dish that I have not liked here has been the seafood version of this delight.

Sushi wise their BLT role also makes a really great starter.  Packed with a large portion of fish and avocado.  Their Chirashi entree is also the best that I've had in town as it has really large pieces and great variety for the money.
This place is like any other sushi place but has more korean flair to their menu. (See: dok bok ki, bo ssam, bibimbab, etc) It definitely adds more spice in a good kind of way. Great list of hot/cold appetizers and the entree selections were also very diverse. I definitely took some time reading every page of the menu! If my tummy allowed it to happen, I could have had just about everything on the menu. Everything seems interesting and delicious fo sho!

So, when the time came, we ordered what sounded most interesting. Jenny K. ordered spider roll with soft shell crab and salmon teriyaki. Teejay S. ordered spicy pork gyoza salad and steamed pork belly bun. I ordered 3 pcs of nigiri(uni, ama ebi and saba) and nabe udon. I know, my order is not really interesting but it's what I order at every Japanese restaurant to taste the best of both worlds - kitchen food and sushi bar food, I'd like to call it.

So. from above dishes, I definitely enjoyed the nigiri pieces. Saba seemed like it was cooked just right and uni wasn't runny - somewhat fresh. Ama ebi was also very firm and tasted fresh, surprisingly. However, all the other dishes were kind of meh-. The spider roll was kind of soggy in the middle? It was a bit spicy which was a nice touch. Salmon teriyaki...I know this will make me sound like a complete jerk but the presentation was totally off. Teriyaki sauce on the plate was really watery and wasn't too appealing to eyes. Spicy pork gyoza salad was an interesting dish. The spicy asian slaw went well with gyoza but the gyozas were deep fried. Very crunchy and....oily! Also, the steamed pork belly bun was a bit of disappointment as the bun kind of tasted of flour? Then there's my nabe udon. I've never had a nabe udon with shrimp tempura. The purpose of nabe udon is to concentrate on the chicken and the egg deal, I think. The presentation was very pleasing but the udon wasn't really impressive either.

Now, I will totally go back again and again until I find something that works for me - just because this restaurant is so darn cute and it's a BYOB! I love, love, loveeee the decor. One negative side about decor - where is the sushi bar? There definitely is a sushi bar but there are no chairs for the sushi bar... bummers!

I really can't wait until I go back and eat something amazing and bump up the rating. I am so happy to have Doma in the neighborhood anyway!
This small place does it all well!!!! The portions are perfect and the food is really outstanding!! The decor is great o really nice vibe going on here.

Definitely get the Korean Tacos, Wow!!! are they awesome, but they will wreck your breath !!!! but so worth it...so make your date eat one too, i think that cancels it out.:D

The Sea Bass is awesome and the Ice cream dessert is pretty amazing..mmmmm sesame ice cream is so good!!!
This Japanese sushi restaurant is great for date night!  It has a clean and modern vibe and slightly dim lighting.  You must get the special sushi rolls if you go here.  The naked salmon roll was my favorite!  The katsu that we ordered was very large and  tasted decent, but I wish it was more crunchy outside and juicy inside.  Most things on the menu are on the pricier side but that is what I expect from a sushi restaurant in Philadelphia.  

It is also BYOB, my fav!
I'm so glad this place is right a round the corner.  It's so delicious.
The fish is fresh, the staff are friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  Did I mention that it's a BYOB?  It is.  The only cons, otherwise they would get a full 5 stars, are that it takes a little bit more time to get your food (not excessively long, but it's well worth the wait), also the place is very small.  So if you want space to have some privacy, this is not your place.  All in all, this is my new favorite spot for sushi.  Their fish is perfection!
No complaints about our recent visit to Doma. The sushi is very fresh, the ambiance is lovely, the service is top-notch, and the menu is really creative. We had several exciting rolls and hand rolls that we had never heard of before - very unique combinations that were all delicious and satisfying. We brought along a big jug of sake and they heated it up for us as much as we wanted. The prices are completely fair for the high quality of sushi here! It's great to have Doma in the neighborhood.
A happy medium of Japanese and Korean.  I got my fix of both sushi and bibimbap.  We arrived 30 minutes earlier than reservations and got seated right away, mind you it was a Saturday night.  The place itself is small your most likely to bump into the next table.  The decor is very chic with the clear chopsticks and clear chairs.  Although ,the chopsticks are not useful once your order of bibimbap arrives.  No worries they provide disposable wooden ones.  I'm not sure if the air conditioning in this place is broken or just on low but it was so humid inside.  It made dining a bit uncomfortable.  We ordered the soft shell tempura.  I'm a fan of soft shell anything so this was a hit to me.  I could've ordered a couple more of this dish.  The husband got bulgogi bbq on a stick which he said had nice flavors but portion was small.  We also got the triple spicy tuna roll.  It had a very nice kick to it.  The bibimbap was a bit of a miss.  The flavors was lacking.  It could have used more gochujang sauce.  I'd like to stop by and try the other rolls that sounded amazing.
The service was very attentive. I ordered a cooked entree and I was given a fork and knife just in case. I was with 4 others who were non-Asian so I don't think it was me but the choice of sea bass.

Entrees come with miso soup or salad. The entree does come with rice and vegetables even tho not stated on the menu.

The restaurant is BYOB.

My sea bass would have been better without skin. The fish was steamed so the skin wasn't crispy.

The waiter was very accommodating offering split or itemized receipts even tho we were good with splitting the check evenly 4 ways excluding the celebratory guest.
The place looks like a stephen starr place real white  and yuppie like. The sushi is way over priced no saki Boo !place is so uptight feeling . Really not that good have had way better in the city
Found this great, local BYOB place a few blocks from where we live. We are vegetarian and there are plenty of options to keep us satisfied. The spicy agetofu and grilled rice cakes with sweet and sour sauce were phenomenal. We also had a sweet potato tempura roll, bibimbap roll, and an avocado, cream cheese, jalapeño tempura roll. The food was fantastic. The spicy Korean sauce s well as all other sauces are all homemade and to die for.
The service was top notch and the staff are very helpful and courteous. It has simple, yet elegant decor and has the feel of a mom and pop type restaurant. Not overly commercialized and even during its busiest time, the service was great. Will be coming back here again and again!
OK, I was late to the Doma party -- I discovered it two months ago and have been four times in that period.  The first time I was pleasantly surprised and wanted to go back.  The second time I was WOWED.  The third and last time I was underwhelmed with one notable exception.  So the best I can say is Doma is inconsistent and here's why...
 
The small plates/apps on their menu seem to be thoughtful, creative and well-executed.  The reason I would come here -- the fish -- is decent quality, but the reason I have to pause is that their sushi rice is way off base.  On a good night, the rolls stay together, but the rice is still flavorless.  On a bad night like my last time, they fall apart, or are borderline dry.  Sushi rice is supposed to be seasoned carefully with the right about of rice vinegar and alcohol.  It is also literally fanned by the chef to give it a sheen and allow for perfect amount of stickiness.  None of that was present in this rice.

Having said all of this, the service is friendly and the vibe is modern and pleasant.  I'll go back but it will be a long while.  And I suggest a reservation on weekends because unlike the sushi, the neighborhood is consistent with their patronage of this cute boîte.
Really cute sushi place in the art museum area. We tried the California roll, miso soup, dragon roll, the uni , andchicken Katsu. Everything was really yummy. The service was super quick and friendly. I would definitely come back to try more sushi here
We ate at Doma for lunch one day. It is a typical sushi place with an average assortment of stuff. The miso soup was fine. And I got the salmon poke bowl, which had a pile of nice silky salmon in the center, surrounded by some veggies and mangos. It was also fine but nothing super exceptional. This would be a fine stop if you just needed a quick bite, but there are definitely better sushi joints out there too.
Always a tasty time, I love going here for sushi.  Can't say I have really tried anything other than their specialty rolls - but those alone are worth the trip. It is an expensive evening but you are getting what you pay for, and that is delicious fish combinations.  My favorite rolls include:  Chloe, Bibimbap, Naked Salmon, and Tuna Club (which legitimately looks like a tunafish sandwich!).  BYO is a plus.
Plenty of good to great sushi bars/restaurants in Philly. This .. Is one of the better ones. Sushi is fresh, and the service and presentation is equally as good. If I were to have one issue it would be with the way they pack you in there, be prepared to be intimate with your table neighbor and that includes their conversation. Trendy, but doable because the sushi is that good and the menu has much to offer. I really enjoyed the times I came, hopefully so will you.
"DOMA DOMA DOMA" no I'm not singing along to my favorite Pitbull song, I'm chanting a not-so-subtle hint to the boo as to where I want to go to dinner every night. 

Doma has accommodated me when I had a last minute change of plans on a Saturday night, they have provided take out to smooth over a lovers quarrel, but most importantly it's been awesome every time I've been there no matter what I tried. 

The calamari salad is an excellent starter but the rolls are really the stars of the show. The special rolls may sound over the top but they're very well thought out and the flavors meld together in a way you'd never think (unlike Makiman's special rolls). 

The Triple Spicy Double Tuna is out of this world but is actually pretty spicy so if you can't take the heat get yo ass out the kitchen. The Island is a sweeter roll that is full of flavor (my palette isn't refined enough to describe the flavors of most of the special rolls but they're complex and delicious).

The regular rolls are amazingly fresh and delicious, especially the scallop roll and any of the tuna rolls. Before I ate here I always said I don't think I can tell the difference between fresh sushi and old sushi. Those days of living in ignorance are over.
Best sushi experience I have ever had.  Came in on a Saturday night, no reservations, was seated immediately.  The waiter asked if I would like my Sake that I had brought chilled, until my friend arrived.  Amazing sushi, all very well executed.  Great service.  Modern decor, an excellent romantic sushi spot.
I was very impressed! Sashimi Sunday appetizer was amazing! Shiitake buns were okay. Had the Chloe roll which was one of the better rolls I can remember having. They have toro as well but didn't get to try it. This was the first place on the city that I have been to that has had it on the menu. Excellent service, to the point that he chased us down the street to give us some gloves that we had dropped. And it's BYOB! Best sushi restaurant it the Fairmount area for sure.
What a cute place in the middle of nowhere.  The decor is modern & clean and the sushi was fresh & yummy!  The service was great too, although we were only 1 of 2 couples in the place.  I would go back again and recommend this place to anyone.  They even gave us a moschi covered strawberry on the house!  Yum.
My girlfriend and I decided to finally try this place after searching for a BYOB that takes cards for half the night. I can't say i was disappointed, i got a sizzling rice bowl and she got some sushi. Everything was very good, and the service was quite excellent i have to say. The place is a bit small and obviously this place was the last stop on our journey to find food so perhaps I'm a bit tainted in my experience. While this isn't my favorite sushi spot, everything was very good and i'd probably go again. They came through in a pinch with accepting card, and the white decor with clear chairs was appealing. Also cool looking clear chop sticks!
We went to Doma for lunch last Friday as a part of my 28th birthday extravaganza.  Luckily the place is a BYO.  We sorely needed the hour and a half break from drinking that the restaurant afforded us.  On future, more sober visits, I would recommend your favorite sparkling wine (be it a Champagne or a Prosecco) or a French Chardonnay like Macon-Village or Pouilly-Fuisse.  Anything light, white and minerally will do you proud though.

You wouldn't want anything so powerful (California) that it would take the attention off of the food.

The food, by the way, is FAN - F'N - TASTIC!  I know this because I generally hate seaweed salad and I totally wanted to devour the one that Drew ordered.  Our extraordinarily handsome server explained that the quality of a seaweed salad is all about the source and storage.  This one was less like kissing a jetty and more like making love to a mermaid/man (pick your poison).  

We also ordered a tuna appetizer served with a raw quail egg, seared rice, pine nuts and a deliciously sweet/tangy sauce.  The combination of ingredients could've been overwhelming or confusing if the dish had been produced by a less capable kitchen.  This dish, however, was sublime.

We also ordered a sashimi tasting and a handful of rolls to round out our meal.  I was impressed that the sashimi was served in a bowl of rice dressed with some interesting accoutrement (panko breadcrumbs, tobiko, etc.) rather than boringly fanned out on a plate.  The safe-bet/pedestrian Spider Roll we ordered was probably the best I've ever tasted as the soft-shell crab tempura was still warm when the roll hit our table.

All in all, this was the best sushi I've had in the city.  Our server was super infromative, personable and H - O with a capital T, hot.  If you don't go for the food, go to fuel your fantasies.
