People often ask me about my favorite restaurant, or what I'm loving at the moment, and I often struggle to come up with one, concrete answer. Partly because there's so many great restaurants popping up in Philly all the time (and so many classics!), and partly because there isn't ever one that stands out from the pack as being better than the others. 

Well that has officially changed, because Double Knot rocks my world. And it's now my go-to answer whenever people ask me what's new and great in Philadelphia. 

First off, the space is so cool and different. I love the vibe and the history of the place is pretty interesting. As our server last night said, "If these walls could talk." (Thankfully, they can't.) 

I've been to Double Knot for dinner twice now and have some definite favorites from the menu, though nothing I've tried has been disappointing in the least. My must-tries are: tuna rice cracker, hamachi with shallot-ginger relish, edamame dumplings, scallop robatayaki and octopus robotayaki (do not forget to try these with the spicy mustard on the table!), broiled seabass, and brussel sprouts. 

Also, do not miss the sushi. I don't know what it is about Double Knot's sushi but I was left thinking about it for days after my first dinner. The rolls are great, yes, but you have to go traditional here. This sushi is levels above other Japanese spots in Philadelphia.  

The desserts I've tried have been great but I'm not huge on sweets and would rather eat more of the proteins. But if you do like dessert you won't be disappointed with the unique offerings. 

Looking forward to my next visit, which is already on the books!
This is one of the top restaurants in the city - HANDS DOWN!

From the moment you walk in, you can tell it is going to be a different experience. The decor is a mix of modern and medieval - new age lighting and sharp wood paneling, coupled with exposed concrete and melting candles. Just a really cool place to hang out at, grab a drink, and eat.

We tried their tasting menu, which was a great option because it allowed us to try 10 different style dishes. They also were super accommodating, as my wife is a vegetarian. Normally you have to share the 10 dishes, but they were open to her having her own dishes. So if you have a dietary restriction, make sure to mention it, because they will do their best to accommodate. 

We sat downstairs at the sushi bar. It was this really unique experience, almost like eating in a dungeon, but in the best way possible. It was so cool watching the chefs work with all the fish and make the sushi rolls. Yet, it still had an intimate feel - excellent spot for a date night.

Any of their seafood really stood out to me! The cod with rice probably was my favorite. Don't forget to grab some mochi for dessert.
Second time back but this time for Lunch. Between the insane Happy Hour deals/experience I've had here & now the lunch... I think Double Knot is going to be a forever favorite in the city. 

Got here around Noon on a Wednesday and had no problem getting a table which I was shocked about, so maybe this is the time to come? Very quiet and most people on lunch dates or with their laptops doing work. 

Lunch Deal... $7. (super filling.. I couldn't even finish all of mine)
Pick a Protein for your Bowl: pork, shrimp, egg, tofu, chicken, meatball, steak
Pick a Base for your Bowl: rice, bahn mi, noodles, salad 
Toppings: cucumber, mint, peanuts, and a whole bunch of other tasty things
They also had a Pho option the day I was in not sure if that's available all the time or was a special? They made sure to double check with you about any food allergies which was nice. We went 2 options 1) rice & chicken 2) shrimp & noodles (FYI noodles are a cold noodle but nice and light) 

They also had matcha lattes, donuts, and a bunch of other little treats.

Food came out promptly. For lunch -- it was self-service with water, utensils, etc. Whatever special hot sauces they had at the service counter were delicious but pretttty spicy. 

For sure will be back again.
Sampan was filled to the gills on a beautiful Saturday night, so we decided to spill over to Double Knot. Sadly, we realized that they too were packed. Boo! The manager and hostess went out of their way to ensure that my man and I (and my very pregnant sister and her husband) were seated quickly. We were whisked downstairs to two small tables by the bar, where we spent the next two hours sampling their menu, "oohing" all the while. 

We ordered a sampling of different items, including oyster shooters, tuna rice crackers (sensational!) edamame dumplings (mine and Bob's favorite), fried Brussels sprouts (so damn good!), beef skewers, and a variety of sushi pieces and rolls. Their small plates all hovered around $7-$12 and they were well worth it. We loved being able to sample a smattering of items without having to commit to one entree. Pinor noir was our cocktail of choice (except for ol' preggers). We were checked on often and we never felt pressured in any way to spend more money nor to hurry up and leave. 

This restaurant is new on the circuit and I hope they continue to do well. We were initially bummed about missing out on Sampan, but truly, we would return to Double Knot again in a heartbeat. 

Sampan who? 

I can't say enough wonderful things about the staff here. They were truly accommodating and fantastic. They made our night very special and it made me adore the City of Brotherly Love even more!
Stop reading this review and just go make a reservation. Everything about Double Knot is perfect - from the cool and casual vibe upstairs to the mod and elusive atmosphere in the dining area downstairs. The small bites are ideal for sharing and their cocktail list is killer - you'll have a hard time choosing! Top few bites on my list would be the tempura cheese curds, edamame dumplings, pastrami bao bun, and any and all of the sushi. I am not a sushi snob, but I think I might be now after trying Double Knot's. Definitely one of my go to spots!
For the pessimist! 
 A solid five stars for this coffee place! For those much like myself that think that now a days is difficult to find places that just have it all... why not? Is possible and this place is the proof of that rare encounter in the far in between. 

Ambiance, service and product. They seem to have it all, at least the time I was there and for my own personal standards  :) The barista pulled a perfect shot of espresso releasing all the fruit flavors from the coffee beans. Perfect temperature, right amount of acidity, sweetness and the berry flavors and aromas right on the nose. Friendly, but overwhelmingly leaving you the space and time you need to make up your mind.

They offer different brewing methods with top of the line equipment ! (I wish this was my apartment! This is definitely my dream home :p) 

Not easy to distinguish from the out side, it only has a sidewalk chalkboard as a sing. When in Philly, this is a perfect and so far the best coffee place here.
A former gay porn theater turned coffee shop and Izakaya...Michael Schulson can do no wrong in my book. If you love Sampan, you're going to love Double Knot. Maybe even more so. I know I did! Dare I say I dig the vibes at Double Knot even more....

You walk in and immediately want to grab a seat. It's so incredibly inviting. It's made to feel like home and it most certainly does. One beautiful wall contains the fixings for your coffee as Double Knot is a coffee shop too... Genius! The other side is a home to newspapers, oversized leather chairs complete with foot stools for kicking back and sipping. Shelves decorated with books, apocothary jars, terrariums, mood setting candles and a grand vintage inspired light fixture above. I can best describe it as feeling as though you were in some extremely well traveled, intelligent man's study. There's a gorgeous bar, upstairs booth seating and even more unique seating downstairs in what feels like sexy dungeon type room. It's all truly stunning, it really is. Hard core chill vibes. Cozy, candle lit and just plain gorgeousness in every single detail. Absolutely my style. 

We stopped in randomly on a Sunday afternoon and we were seated next to Philadelphia Eagle, Connor Barwin who chatted with us a bit! Such a great, down to earth cool guy! Big fan. Anyway, it just happened to be happy hour which is 7 days a week from 4-7pm! We ordered our perfectly portioned bites for sharing off the happy hour menu which has some of the same dishes as the regular menu, just slightly below normal prices. Roughly $4. Here's what the table had and LOVED....

*Monkey's Fist -8 
(Junmai Sake, Coconut, Pineapple Syrup, Lime, Chili) 
The pineapple and coconut gave it that tropical Pina Colada feel, but this is obviously much, much better. Refreshing and light with lime rind sprinkles. Delish!

*Edamame Dumplings -4
 (Truffle, Pea Shoot, Sake Broth) 
Insanely delicious! Soft and creamy. The  broth is just incredible! We had 3 orders! Definitely a favorite! 

*Mushroom Dumplings -4
(Panko, Citrus, Pickled Mushroom)
So good. Crisped and meaty! 

*Shrimp Tempura Roll 

*Tofu lettuce wraps -4
(Comes with 2 wraps containing Soba noodles, chili and pineapple.)
Rectangularly cut, lightly battered tofu with cold soba noodles. Crunchy, sweet, a tad tangy and perfect sized hand held bites. The pineapple is the perfect addition!  

*Kobe beef hotdog 
3 bites of this delish meat which was said to have fantastic ground mustard. 

I was very happy to see some of my favorite sides from Sampan offered here...

*Crispy Brussels 
(fish sauce, puffed rice and 
*you can ask for these to be made vegetarian and they will replace the fish sauce.  

*Roasted Broccoli
(Pine nuts, white soy and garlic) 
Simple, but delicious!! Perfectly crunch. 

If you are going to choose one green side, go with the sprouts. My favorite! So tangy and delish.  

Our waitress Victoria was top notch. Super sweet and on point from beginning to end. She even brought my girls out the cutest baby ice cream cones...Reese Chocolate and Fruity Pebble vanilla. They loved this!! 

Izakaya, the Japanese style of tapas aka small plates is my absolute favorite way to dine and it's done so, so very right here! It's intimate and so much fun whether on a date, with a large group or just din with the fam. The sizing makes it a good option to bring the kiddos along which we did and we all equally loved our meal and experience here. The entire fam gave it a 5 star rating. We can't wait to come back!

To think I'm in LOVE and we only tasted just a small portion of what is offered at Double Knot. The complete menu looks to die for!! We're excited to come back, just the two of us for a romantic, sexy date night and snuggle up downstairs this time. 

We will try to get in there ASAP for the lunch special too... $7 for create your Bahn Mi, noodle bowl, salad or rice dish! So fun! So inexpensive!
Double Knot was a lot of fun. I can't believe it took us this long to check it out.

The Chef's Tasting Menu is an absolute must for first timers and you get a good amount of food for $65/person. I like that there are many options to choose from their massive menu. Of the 10 selections my husband and I chose, there wasn't one dish we did not enjoy. My favorite part of the tasting menu has got to be the Robotayaki though.

Downstairs dining is a lot cooler than upstairs or outside, so definitely make reservations ahead of time for downstairs dining if you can.
There certainly wasn't much to look at other than the backs of diners waiting for seats in the tiny upstairs dining room but once we descended down the stairs, we were transported into a basement izakaya for an awesome multi-course dinner.

We tried:
Tuna rice cracker
Hearts of palm salad
Spicy tuna roll
Edamame dumplings
Shishito peppers
Japanese fried chicken
Chicken robatayaki
Asparagus robatayaki
Salmon robatayaki 
Chicken teriyaki 
Japanese scallops
Crispy brussels sprouts
Mochi

It was all so good. The highlights were the Japanese fried chicken, the tuna rice cracker, the scallops, and the chicken teriyaki. The edamame dumplings had a unique texture to them. They were very smooth and the filling was silky. Ending with small bites of mochi was perfect as we were completely stuffed by that time.

This Japanese spot was quite the surprise for us as we definitely weren't anticipating the deliciousness of what we found downstairs. The food was nicely paced and the service was good. As we were leaving, we walked past the sushi counter and we began ascending the steps to re-enter the unassuming shop on S. 13th Street. 

For those in the know in the philly area, this is a well hidden gem that's worth finding.
One of the best meals I've had in what feels like years! We came to DK on a Saturday night without reservations. Loved every moment from when we walked in to walking out. We took two available seats at the bar and started off with some drinks - the Double Knot and New Lovers Knot. It was fun to sip on a drink that was made right before your eyes - especially the DK, which involves a butane torch - hey, fire is more fun.

We also started with an order of the wild mushroom gyoza and duck scrapple bao (bc why not?) The gyoza was cooked just right with bite after bite of savory mushrooms. Never have I seen scrapple presented in such a classy way but damn, I'd be lying if I said it wasn't delicious and I'd get it again immediately.

We then ordered an assortment of plates including the big eye tuna, salmon, and kobe beef. Everything was fresh and practically melted in your mouth. It was my first time trying kobe and I feel like my life has changed for the better. I've eaten many meals since my visit here but nothing has even come close to that beef!

Our bartender Nick was awesome - super busy yet attentive and a very cool guy to talk with. The staff in general was super warm and inviting - not pretentious at all, which can sometimes come with the territory. For what you get, the price tag really ain't all that bad. Already can't wait to return.
After having Double Knot bookmarked for far too long, I FINALLY made my way over and I was pretty pleased with my experience! The food was delicious, the ambience is great and very unique, and service was fantastic. I was quick to decide it was worthy of 4 stars. 

Since it was my first visit, my friend and I decided to go with the Chef's Tasting so I could sample as many goods as possible. The Chef's Tasting offers 10 selections, 1 dessert, and comes out to $55 per person. My friend and I did the math (literally) and it was a better deal than just ordering dish by dish.

Out of the 10 dishes that we sampled, the following are the ones that stood out to me:

1) Tuna: YES! Avocado, chili oil, rice pearls, and tuna that will just melt in your mouth - this was a true winner. Hands down, one of my favorite dishes. It was fresh and flavorful, surely a dish I would get again. 

2) Tempura Shrimp Taco: Yum! The taco was STUFFED with shrimp, avocado, and radish, and was drizzled with chili. The tempura shrimp was delicious, only thing that could have made the taco better was if there had been more chili added to it. 

3) Duck Scrapple Bao Bun: ANOTHER ONE OF MY FAVORITES! The duck scrapple was incredible - seasoned just write. It came with maple teriyaki which I loved and the bun was warm! I really could have made a meal out of these. 

4) Aged NY Strip: I'm typically more of a seafood than a meat lover, but this really stood out to me. Very flavorful and the meat was delicious. I loved the sauce it came with and I was also a big fan of the vegetables! After seeing the portion size, $19 seems to be a little overpriced to me, but it was worth it. 

5) Short Rib Skewers: Like I said above, not usually a big meat-eater but this was amazing! Tender and very flavorful. At only $4 a piece, I'll definitely get these again!

Following dishes didn't impress:

1) Japanese Scallop: The Scallop was good, but I wasn't a fan of the overall dish. It tasted kind of boring in my opinion. 

2) Crispy Brussel Sprouts: Seems like this is normally a fan fave, but it was way too salty for me. I'll pass on it next time. 

3) Wasabi Yellowtail: MEH. It was alright, but I've had better rolls at other places. There's far better dishes at Double Knot; I'll go somewhere else if I'm craving sushi. 

The atmosphere is very unique. Offering a cafe vibe on the top floor and a dark speakeasy vibe downstairs (where you'll be seated for dinner). I loved it! It can easily be a nice and romantic date night or just a good place to enjoy good food with friends or family. 

Our server, Shane, was attentive and friendly, offering suggestions when asked. I appreciated her not being pushy and she was patient with us while we scoped through the menu. 

I highly recommend checking this place out when in the area! Your bill can get to be a little steep, but I guess that's what you pay for good eats at a hot and trendy spot in the city!
My friends and I made this our first stop on a full on Philly day. I have been wanting to try Double Knot after asking some Yelpers for suggestions.
Coffee and cocktails, nice!
We were just here for drinks. Beer, white, rose, and a Midtown Flip.
Everything was exactly right. We sat up front in the cozy club chairs sipping our drinks.
The staff was accommodating and friendly.
At points this place was hopping!
I would like to come back to try the food and some specialty cocktails.
After six or so visits, definitely my favorite restaurant in Philly at the moment. A very unique space that's industrial and hip. A coffee and lunch venue upstairs, that's a bar/restaurant at night, and a dark, alluring space underground that is part nautical, part basement, part warehouse, and exudes cool and chill. The ambience plays second chair to the food. Small plates, grilled skewers, and sushi dominate the menu. They have some larger plates, but they are not nearly as outstanding as the rest of the menu. Everything is cooked perfectly, and the flavors are simple and clean, allowing the fresh ingredients to shine through. The sushi is the best in the city, in my opinion. They use. Slightly warm rice, which makes a huge difference in bringing out the flavors of the fish. The pieces are smaller than you may expect, but the quality of the ingredients are impeccable. The sushi is expensive. Don't expect any big boats filled with rolls and nigiri. A la carte, though they do have some tasting options. 

A great place, and worth the money, though plan ahead if you're going to have a lot of sushi!
Not a ton of variety and no sushi for lunch time but for $7, you just can't beat it.  The lunch special is a bowl with your choice of protein.  Also you can get good coffee/espresso drinks here and even  breakfast 

There are more choices for dinner time, so I will need to come back then.

Lunch was a good value.
This place is just too cute. Intimate and nicely decorated, it's a great little addition to the gayborhood. Love their iced coffee. I haven't tried their delicious looking pastries but that's only because I'm on a no carb diet (oh, the horror!) friendly staff and decent prices. 

I've heard they have a fantastic sushi restaurant downstairs which you MUST have reservations for, otherwise, good luck getting in. I've heard nothing but good things so I'm definitely excited to try that next! Stay tuned!
I am in LOVE with Double Knot in 2017!  I am excited about writing this review, when I think of places to meet friends, Happy Hour or just somewhere cool to go - Double Knot has been at the forefront of my thoughts and recommendations to others as well.  

I am a TOTAL and complete fan - I especially enjoy Happy Hour - you gotta get there early, because there are other SUPER FANS like me - so they know the deal!  The HH menu is cheap and the food is superior!  I always recommend the Kim Chi Fried Rice - it will Knock you Out!  

The sushi rocks too!!  I can go on and on about practically every dish and the drink menu hits all the high points too!  So my last note - stop reading and get to Double Knot if you haven't already been!
I literally could not believe how delicious and reasonably priced the chef's tasting menu was.  For $55 per person, you get TEN courses plus a dessert.  And they don't cheap out on the courses.  You get to choose from some relatively expensive meats and fish like lobster, seabass, and kobe beef,  which my friends and I took full advantage of.  Everything was cooked and prepared really well.  The meats were tender and flavorful, and the sushi and sashimi were super fresh.  I really enjoyed my drink - the two lovers knot.  All of the cocktails were elaborate and impressive.  The restaurant is very multifaceted.  The upstairs is a coffee bar, and dinner is served in this underground, candle lit space which feels like a Japanese speakeasy.  I can't wait to return with my husband!
Double knot delivers a solid happy hour experience in a very inviting space with excellent service and great drink and food specials. 

The happy hour food items are all priced at about five dollars. We ordered the pork banh mi sandwich, Spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, and the roasted broccoli.  The portion sizes were not pared down for happy hour. The sandwich was quite large and filling; the rolls were really good; the broccoli, well was broccoli, nothing special. 

The place appears to get very packed for happy hour we were lucky to snag the last available table near the door. Many people that came after us waited around and some even left. So keep that in mind if you have your heart set on happy hour at Double Knot - there may be a wait.
So keep in mind that this review is for upstairs happy hour. I have not yet had the privilege of dining down stairs (idk what I'm waiting for tbh). 
However... The. Food. Is. Amazing. The happy hour is amazing, the environment is amazing, everything is just, WOW. 

Seating used to be first come first serve but now you have to wait for a table or find a seat at the bar. I've dined with a small group of people and I've also gone by myself. I would not recommend going with a very large group for happy hour unless you get there right when they open. 

My go-to orders are always Kim-chi Fried Rice, Brussel Sprouts, Roasted Broccoli, a sushi roll (they have GF tamari) and sometimes sorbet if I still have the room. I would legit order the whole menu every time if I could. 

With a few exceptions, the same happy hour menu items can be found at Double-knot, Sampan and Graffiti Bar. We like this, because you can experience the same delicious foods in so many different environments. Each restaurant has a unique vibe, which creates a new, timeless experience, for each visit. Each time I go I ask myself which ambiance I'm feeling more. 

The service has always been great, very consistent, friendly and knowledgeable. At one point they saw me coming so much and gave me  a dessert on the house, I was super appreciative! Thank you!
Double Knot is like that family who sends the Christmas cards that you hate because all the kids are so damn unique and successful in their own way that you want their life. Just look at all these successful things Double Knot is doing:

Morning: Coffee and probably a great place to study/do work.

Lunch: My friends rave about the build your own banh mi/salad/rice or noodle bowl options for only $7!

Happy hour: Same great menu and specials at Sampan, seat yourself (no reservations). But it gets packed. 

Drinks: The cocktails are unique (but priced accordingly), there is a house sake cocktail special and an impressive selection of drinks, but don't bring me a half grapefruit, an old timey juicer, and a glass of soju and tell me to squeeze my own $13 cocktail because "isn't it fun?" No, that's dumb. 

Dinner: The downstairs vibe is awesome,  
dark, wooden, and melted candles. We did the tasting menu ($55) and it was a lot of food! Like Sampan's tasting menu I'm not sure how good of a deal it is,  I think next time I'd rather order a la carte and get more variety and share, so probably less food and cheaper overall. Basically you pick 10 selections for the table (1 from each section) and everything is brought out family style. They were accommodating of my pregnant friend who can't have raw fish,  so that was nice. We loved the edamame dumplings (same as Sampan), the beef short ribs, the scallops,  the fried dumplings, and the salmon.  The lamb chops were huge and juicy. My friends found the pork belly too fatty, but Iliked it. The black cod fried rice was a large portion and very flavorful too. I would skip the hearts of palm salad next time. For dessert we had a flourless chocolate green tea cake that was good but not super memorable. 

Overall it was a delicious meal, lots of food, but a bit on the expensive side. Beware of ordering a la carte though, my friend's boyfriend will not let her live down the $4 shrimp skewer they ordered which came with only 1 shrimp! I'll likely be back for drinks,  lunch,  snacks,  but maybe not a full tasting dinner again.
This place is really cool. They open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I've been here for lunch, which is great, but this review will be for the downstairs dinner portion.

If you've made a reservation for their downstairs dinner, you have to walk all the way through their upstairs restaurant to find the wait staff (a little confusing at first because we just waited and expected someone to come help us). There, you enter a door and take a dimly lit staircase down to what could only be described as a dark speakeasy-esque ambience.

Their menu is fairly extensive and the numerous partitions encompass nine pages of selections. The menu is on the higher end of asian fusion, and the prices reflect that. Their appetizers include typical fares such as Japanese karaage chicken, duck bao buns, and what I found most interesting - edamame dumplings. Continuing through the menu, there's an entire section of robatayaki, which are like bbq skewers, that include veggies, meats, and seafood. I opted to try the octopus, scallop, kobe beef, and pork belly (of course). All the robatayaki were flavorful and juicy, and I wish I had ordered more. Towards the end of the meat-dominant menu, there are the larger courses, from which we ordered a chicken dish and a fairly sizable order of black cod fried rice. The cod fried rice had a sweet kick and the texture of the cod was more of a pulled/dry than filet - highly recommended! The chicken entree was less memorable and something I would probably pass on next time. There was also a sushi menu at the end, but I felt like we had already over ordered by then.

I've been meaning to check this place out for dinner for quite some time, and it lived up the anticipation. The food is on point, the service was very friendly and attentive, and the ambience completed the package. Will be returning.. no doubt.
Came here for happy hour (4-7pm) on a Thursday night and it was packed. Loved the atmosphere. It was very lively, perfectly dimmed lights, and loungy music. Plenty of vegetarian options... I tried the cucumber roll, edamame dumplings, and crispy brussel sprouts all of which are pretty hard to mess up but nevertheless perfect. Their happy hour menu has close to 20 food items and you really cannot beat $4 each!!! I had the monkey's fist drink... One of the best drinks I have ever had! It had sake, flavors of coconut and pineapple, and a hint of lime and chili. I was expecting it to taste like a pina colada but it was very different and like nothing I've ever had before. Highly highly recommend it!! This is definitely my new favorite happy hour spot in Philly.
After reading the Yelp reviews, reading professional write-ups and word of mouth, I finally made my way to Double Knot. As with a Double Knot, there are two ties in my dining adventure. 

Happy Hour:
With back up plans in mind (Sampan or Graffiti Bar), we luckily scored the corner booth near the hostess stand right away. Let the happiest of hours commence! The happy hour was as great as everyone says. I got attached to the $4 cocktail of the day called Air Mail made up of vodka, grapefruit, bubbles and one other awesome flavor I cannot remember but enjoyed. 

We then let the $3 and $4 plates flow. We immediately ordered the short rib and swordfish meatball robatayaki since our server mentioned they take a little longer to prepare. We enjoyed our favorites from Sampan like the edamame dumplings and roasted broccoli, and some Double Knot newbies like the short rib chow fun and a few sushi rolls. All the food was on point. 

All food is brought to the table when ready and it really did flow nicely, especially in a beat-the-clock happy hour setting. Our server was ever so nice to tell us when happy hour was ending in case we wanted to put in another order. We had other plans and headed downstairs to continue the journey with our dinner reservation.

Downstairs Dining:
My favorite part of the downstairs dining room was by far the atmosphere. The stairway down even had a nice smell to it, like a yoga study misted with lavender minus any sort of sweat. The ambiance was a dark and sexy, but not the least bit scary. The words medieval or dungeon come to mind, but there's still an air of class and upbeat vibe based on some of the wall art. 

I wasn't thrilled that they originally sat us at the bar, even with a reservation, however they quickly moved us upon request. The tables were tight and we absolutely heard every word of the pairs on either side, but I guess that's the price you pay to eat at one of the hottest restaurants in the city. 

We both ordered the Two Lovers Knot cocktail, which was almost 3x the cost of a happy hour beverage. Happy hour isn't available ever downstairs. Pricy only in comparison, it was still tasty nonetheless. 

To eat we went with the New York Strip Steak, which came prepared sliced and in a delectable sauce. Although ordered medium rare, there were a few pieces that were a little chewy. The flavor of the sauce almost made up for the meat imperfection. We also ordered the bacon yakisoba which ended up having a fish sauce and mushrooms, not mentioned on the menu. Despite a few discouraging items, it turned out to be pretty tasty. 

The style of the restaurant is to receive the food as it comes, but we certainly felt rushed. Perhaps we needed to order more downstairs to alleviate that concern, but it's hard to justify paying more just to sit downstairs. 

Overall:
The same things I love about Sampan and Graffiti Bar, I loved about Double Knot. The food was great and the happy hour was killer. The atmosphere downstairs was like nothing else I've seen in Philly (or most places, really), but you'll probably find me upstairs enjoying their happy hour. If you have some money to throw around, I'd absolutely recommend going to town downstairs.
Would you like to eat sushi in a dungeon that was formerly an adult cinema? 

Since I already know that your answer is an enthusiastic yes, let it be known that this is the place for you!

The truth is, I'm always down for sushi. But when your coworker tells you that we're going to a new restaurant, with a chic, speak-easy-like essence and that we'd be having dinner essentially in an alluring, mysterious and beautiful cave-life setting, it's hard to manage the anticipation. 

I wish I could do it all again, because I'm sure there are a million things that I would notice and appreciate the second time dining, but after just one visit I'm sold. 

If a guy took me here on a first date, there is a damn good chance he'd get a second date. It's that kind of place. But not because it's pretentious or fancy or because the wax dripped candles probably make anyone look good, but because it's different, with amazing food and service.

My co-worker that took me there was none other than Yelp Philly's fabulous Community Manager, Michelle C so if you've read her review, you'll know she was already quickly becoming a regular here. With that knowledge at hand and complete trust in her taste, the rest of our party pretty much trusted her to order a few dishes that we would all share. Unfortunately, that means that I cannot remember specifically everything that I tried aside from the ever memorable edamame dumplings and the black cod. Everything else was just a delicious blur.

I hope this remains one of Michelle's favorite spots for awhile, since I will probably always ask her if she'd like to grab dinner here when I'm in town. Also, slightly jealous that there is no Double Knot in DC,  all the more reason to look forward to my adventures in Philly!
Birthday dinner review!

Michael Schulson first won me over years ago with the impressive food and drink options at Sampan (https://www.yelp.com/biz/sampan-philadelphia-3). And as his collective of restaurants grew, and he took on even more huge concepts, my respect for him grew even more. 

But because of it being an all day cafe that serve coffee and quick lunches by day and modern Japanese fusion at night, and the fact that the impressive two story restaurant was constructed in a building that used to house a far more shadier establishment (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2016/02/26/first-look-double-knot/), Double Knot is by far the concept that stood out the most for me. So because of this and your stellar reviews, I decided to make it my birthday dinner of choice, and it led to the most impressive non-Food Hooch tasting menu I've ever had!

From the table seatings and huge gender neutral bathroom, to the pristine whale tapestries and other artwork, the basement dining area is so pristine that it hardly feels like a basement at all. for cocktails I was very into the Savoy Knot with bourbon, lemon shrub, honey, and egg whites. And for beer I was very down with the User Friendly from Conshohockon Brewery.

For 10 selections from the menu + mochi for $60 per person tasting menu is definitely the way to go and opens up a ton of possibilities. This is one of those menus where there really isn't a bad choice, but for our menu I was won over by the following:

Cold - King mushroom served carpaccio style with soy, chive, and sweet basil.

Sashimi - Japanese Scallop served crudo style with wasabi, tempura flakes, and preserved lemon. So good!

Crispy - does it really get any better than Japanese fried chicken with daikon and Kew Pi Mayo?!

Small - The Pastrami Pork Belly Bao is an unprecedented way of combining the best of Jewish deli with Japanese bao buns! Topped off with Russian dressing, smoked mustard, and cucumber.

Robotayaki - Pretty much Japanese BBQ skewers with 2 choices. And for those we loved the perfectly cooked scallion salmon and kobe beef.

Sides - much like the case at Sampan, it does not get any better than the crispy brussel sprouts cooked in fish sauce with shishito peppers and crispy rice!

Sushi - The Double Knot big eye tuna roll was a spicy masterpiece.

Fish - It was pretty hard to pass up the broiled sea bass with pea shoots and truffle soy sauce, and it delivered a serious win!

MEAT - after everything else the beef short rib with lettuce, sushi rice, and miso proved to be large enough for leftovers. And with its perfect fall off the bone cook, crispy rice pearls, and delicious sauce that was a very good thing!

Add in some delicious and juicy passion fruit mochi for dessert with a birthday sparkler on top, and Double Knot made for an incredible meal for start to finish. And with an impressive Happy Hour and coffee bar up top I'll definitely be back for more!
The low star rating is purely a reflection of the bar service we received this past Friday. We were a group of three ladies and came here as our destination happy hour to celebrate the last day of a colleague. We snagged seats at the bar on the street level and eagerly ordered drinks and food. The food from Sampan was on-point, as always. High points to the shrimp dumplings, edamame dumplings, brussels, and grilled chicken skewers. The mushroom dumplings were skippable. Happy hour pricing on food is absurdly reasonable.

However, they seriously have the B Team working the bar in here. Our bartender constantly ignored us, to the point he even said "sorry guys, I forgot about you." We were being really nice about it, but even after that it didn't change his approach one bit. What's mystifying is that he was getting easy tip money here. The bar wasn't packed yet and we went through 3 rounds in about an hour, most of which weren't even on special. His drinks were also really inconsistent. I watched him mis-measure a shaker when pouring into two glasses, and then just topped off the one that was significantly lower with soda. The food runners also struggled to identify food properly when they brought it it. 

This all made for a super disappointing experience because I consistently talk up Sampan as the best happy hour in the city, and expected the same standard at Double Knot. I will think twice before recommending this part of the business.
Okay this place is the weekday modern Japanese dinner of my dreams.

The layout of this place is phenomenal. At first the place seems straight-forward and trendy, but then as you walk inside, it evolves into this labyrinth of deliberate decor and lighting that sets this awesome, Murakami-esque mood.

The menu might seem intimidating at first, but I loved everything my group ordered. Highlights: broiled seabass (must order), Japanese fried chicken, and hamachi collar.

Loving this place and easily one of my favorites in Philly so far.
I visited Double Knot during the first two weeks of opening, and was surprisingly impressed! Even though the service was slow and a mess (to put it nicely), it was also expected as Double Knot is still so new. Overall, the food is excellent and a wonderful twist to izakaya style cuisine. The tasting menu is great for trying out multiple dishes, but be sure to do the math prior to ordering as it may not always be the most cost effective. 

Atmosphere: (3/5)
- Dark and romantic, but fairly loud
- Tables are set very close together
- Service was average, but I also visited within the first two weeks of opening

Food: (4/5)
Tasting Menu - $55, 10 selections + 1 dessert
- Tuna ($11): Well seasoned and very fresh tuna, with a nice crunch from the rice pearls. However, it would have been best to be served in the beginning as opposed to after we were stuffed with much of the heavier/warmer dishes
- Japanese Scallop ($11): Light and refreshing! The lemon was just enough acidity to the dish without overwhelming the scallops. 
- Tempura Shrimp Tacos ($9): The shrimp was fried to perfection, but the soft taco shell fell apart as soon as I picked it up. Also, compared to the Crab Wonton Tacos at Sampan, this one left much to be desired.
- Duck Scrapple Bao Bun ($7): This was beyond disappointing. Perhaps I'm just not a scrapple girl, but I felt like the duck scrapple was so dry and stringy, and completely underwhelming. The bao was good, but if I just wanted bread I would go elsewhere.
- Robatayaki Pork Jowl ($4): Well seasoned, but not as tender as I would have hoped.
- Robatayaki Kobe Beef ($5): Perhaps the star of the night! The beef was so tender and perfectly seasoned, and I was tempted to forget the rest of the menu and just order 10 of these! Definitely go with the kobe beef robatayaki when ordering a la carte or as part of the tasting menu!
- Salmon + Soy Ginger Sashimi ($4): Fresh salmon with a great sauce complement.
- Rib Eye ($19): Perfectly tender beef on a bed of mushrooms and sauce that was on point! I ordered the rib eye rare, and it came out just as ordered. It's a hefty portion, and is pre-cut and great for sharing.
- Broiled Seabass ($21): Another one of my favorites from the tasting menu! Seasoned nicely with a great crust on the outside. My only complaint is that the dish was a little too salty for my liking. 
- Black Cod Fried Rice ($9): The fried rice was a standout, and made a great accompaniment to the rib eye. Both a little sweet and salty, it meshed well together with the crisp black cod. 
- Tofu Cheesecake: SO good. Even though I was basically bursting at the seams by this point of the meal, I still gobbled up my little cheesecake square. The concept of tofu cheesecake sounds bizarre and unappealing to me, but they definitely made it work!

Standout Favorites:
- Robatayaki Kobe Beef
- Rib Eye
- Broiled Seabass
- Black Cod Fried Rice
- Tofu Cheesecake
I love the ambiance here. The coffeeshop by day, hip bar by night (with food service), and sleek restaurant downstairs makes for a vibrant and eclectic atmosphere. My favorite part is probably the lounge seating upstairs, allowing you to fully dine while at the same time watching and living the upstairs bustle.

The food was super enjoyable, though the appetizers were much more memorable than my entree. I loved the tofu, had this great crispy texture and was drizzled in this lovely cilantro-jalapeño sauce. The cheese curds were the best parts of mozzarella sticks (aka the cheese stringy melted cheese) but fancy and complex. The chicken teriyaki was incredibly tender but sadly lackluster. There was a hint of teriyaki flavor in the skin but the toppings served little to make each bite jump. It either really need a base to add mouthfeel or some more notes of heat/spice to make you excited for the next bite. Not a bad dish by any means but the least exciting dish of the night.
I fell in love with Double Knot at first bite, and if you're anything like me, you might be having lunch at least once a week at Double Knot. 

Here's why Double Knot's lunch has officially raised the bar:
- Casual lunch spot.
- $7.00 mix & match lunch. That's right, $7.00.
- Your choice of base (rice, noodle bowl, salads or banh mi) and protein (shrimp, tofu, meatballs, chicken, steak, or pork), finished with some pickles, daikon, cilantro, shredded and fresh mint. Pro tip: Add an egg over your rice for free.
- Once again, this healthy lunch is only $7.00. 
- Also, don't miss their (4pm-7pm) happy hour. It is legit. Try the Spicy Tuna Roll, Vietnamese Chicken with cashews and chili, and Short Rib Chow fun.

And yet -- exasperatingly -- I haven't eaten dinner there yet. 

Five Yelps.
My husband and I celebrated his birthday with dinner at Double Knot.  The ambiance is quite unique - once you check in for your table you're led to the basement to be seated.  The vibe is upbeat but not so upbeat you can't hold a conversation.  

We decided to try the Chef's Tasting Menu and found a number of favorites.   We preferred the small plates to our entrees, but the entrees were delicious as well. 

What stood out? The robatayaki meats were perfection on a stick.  We did octopus and kobe beef.  I can imagine making a meal out of just these.  The were very tender and well-seasoned.  

Other highlights: the yellowtail sashimi and the crispy brussel sprouts.  Fresh, prepared excellently, well salted, and just plain old good. 

The only thing we weren't crazy about was the Duck Bibimbap.  The egg made it hard to eat - it was too thick (if that makes sense), the duck was on the drier side, and it was just huge!  Everything else felt perfectly portioned but this stuck out as holy heck!  How are we going to eat this?!  I wouldn't order it again, but I'm glad we tried it. 

I think if we go again we'll stick to small plates and not do the tasting again, but for a first time it was a brilliant way to try so many different things from the menu without over complicating things.  

The service was fair - our waiter seemed to disappear a few times early on in our service (took awhile to get drinks), but once we placed our food order we were on a culinary roller coaster.
Went for dinner service. Beautiful sushi/Japanese/fusion spot. Coming North on 13th St. it's Graffiti Bar, Sampan, then Double Knot. The restaurant is kind of incognito in being marked by a simple wood sign and doesn't stick out on the block, but boy was it a good experience.

The dimly lit spot had ambiance that seemed to capture the fusion of the food. It's all super shareable. Overall quality of the fish is really solid, not a fan of their sushi rice: it's a bit gelatinous and reminds me of grocery store sushi. Fried chicken was great, and featured a lot of lemon. Bacon yakisoba was my favorite out of what we ordered, having plenty of salty and savory flavors.
Double Knot has easily become my new favorite restaurant in the city. I cannot stop raving about the unique decor; picture an intimate, gothic basement featuring exposed brick, dripping wax and dim lighting coupled with a sushi bar, plus a coffee house and library. Such elements normally opposed somehow come together to form Double Knot, and it just works.

The food: Double Knot's menu is made up of small plates, encouraging lots of sharing and variety- which I absolutely love. From sushi rolls, and cold plates, to tiny bites or dinner plates, you can choose from a bit of everything. My personal dishes have to be the spicy tuna roll, edamame dumplings, tempura cheese curds, crispy brussels sprouts, and the short rib and scallop robatayaki.

The drinks: While I am normally a fan of craft cocktails, I can make an exception when it comes to Double Knot. The Bimini Twist is the coolest drink ever (you get to squeeze the juice out yourself), and I also enjoy the Two Lovers Knot. I personally don't find the cocktails to particularly strong and think they are are a bit on the smaller side, so I normally just stick to wine (they have a great selection).

The service: For my first visit to Double Knot, the service was incredible. Food comes out as its ready, and you don't have to wait long if you order another round. However, on my second visit, I did find our service to be uncharacteristically slow. It was a Friday evening and I understand they were busy, but our waiter would disappear for what seemed to be ages at a time. Other than that, the waitstaff are friendly, knowledgeable about their menu, and never pressure you to order too much.

I cannot wait for my next visit, and hope to try out the first floor sometime as well!
I was pretty nervous coming here last night for the first time mainly because my expectations were high, and my stomach was empty. We had been looking at the extensive menu online prior to making reservations and worked up a great appetite. How was one restaurant supposed to pull all of this off? I was worried that I'd be let down. 
The restaurant caught my attention because of a little article from Philly Mag online about the restaurant's namesake cocktail, which is two types of bourbon, two types of vermouth, and two types of bitters, served in a carafe, and smoke from burnt clove (and something else) encased under the glass you'll be drinking this cocktail out of. When I read about this I was intrigued. And then I read more about the restaurant and perused their website and menu, and I thought... is this just gimicky or can they back this up? How can one restaurant be a coffee shop, fast casual lunch spot, swanky bar, sushi bar and izakaya all in one? And honestly, I don't really care for Sampan all that much, so do I really want to try this? I honestly built myself up for a bit of a let down.
But let down we were not, and our empty stomachs were happily filled with a great deal of small plates and good drinks. We opted to go "all out" with the chefs tasting, which was a little confusing at first glance at the menu. It is 10 courses, shared between everyone at the table (not 10 each), one selection of your choosing from each section of the menu (plus two from robatayaki section, the small skewers), + a small dessert at the end. It is $55 per person, and we did the math-if you're planning on pigging out and like tasting a little of everything, this is the way to go. 
There were 10 dishes, and the highlights were not the ones we imagined they would be. The Tuna tartar was outstanding, similar to a poke that you would eat in Hawaii - a lot of strong sesame flavor mixed with creamy avocado. The yellowtail sashimi was also a standout, and I wish I had more of it. Probably the most unexpectedly delicious thing was the edamame dumplings, which were perfectly light and fluffy, served in a vegetable broth with a very small hint of truffle. The cod fried rice with caramelized miso was out of this world-if you like the kimchi fried rice from Sampan, this dish is for you. Last but not least, the two larger portion dishes we had, two from the "fish" category as I am not a meat eater, were phenomenal. We went with the sea bass and the salmon. The skewers were good, but our least favorite-the asparagus and the prawn. 
The atmosphere in the downstairs dining room is wonderful. It's dark and almost dungeon-esque, but does not feel oppressive or small. It is spacious and tables are not on top of one another. There is room at the bar as well as kitchen/bar seating. I would love to see what goes on behind there.
What I think truly made this a 5 star experience was the extremely professional staff. You could tell how hard they worked to put together management, servers, greeters, runners, and everyone in between to make this machine run well, even in its first week. It was truly exceptional to see how well everyone knew their menu and how efficiently everything was served. I didn't feel rushed and the tasting menu went at a perfect pace. 
I would love to come back, and seeing how crowded it was on opening weekend, I'm sure it will be a hard reservation to get. I did indeed try that smoky cocktail, the Double Knot, and unsurprisingly, it too lived up to expectations. In the meantime, I'll be trying to perfect this at home, smoke and all.
Amazing!! Every dish was spectacular and the service was so on point! We came here for dinner and did the $65 fixed menu and it's soooo worth it! You're able to try every little dishes from each the selections. You get 10 courses of your choice ( or ask for the chefs choice) and get one mochi ice cream dessert each. 

I'd definitely would come back! They need to open one in NYC!
In my book, 3 stars is not 'A-Ok;' it's 'could do much better.'

My opinion will be unpopular but my opinion is also honest.

I've been going to Double Knot several times a year for the past 3 years. First I need to say (for my own sanity) that Sampan and Double Knot share the same kitchen, so people who claim that Sampan has "better" food are just plain delusional. 

While I enjoy Double Knot's happy hour bites, I think the happy hour drinks are putrid, foul concoctions. Excessively sweet, low alcohol sips that seem to cater to those barely old enough to be ordering booze. After being greatly disappointed many times with these faux cocktails (no, I did not mean mocktails), I now order drinks at regular price and find these to be mixed just fine. If you want an adult drink, skip the happy hour special swill. 

PSA-If you are planning on dinner reservations at Double Knot, be very sure to specify and insist on getting seated at a TABLE. You are probably thinking, 'Warren, you ass hat, of course they'll seat us at a table. WTF, dude?!" Well, no, they may very well not. The first time I came here, with a special date, we had horrid seating at the counter that looks directly into the kitchen-and not a pretty kitchen or a comfortable counter, either. I felt like I was stuck in a high school cafeteria line where someone decided to add chairs to increase seating-style and enjoyment of patrons be damned. We had waiters and other patrons, on the way to REAL tables, pushing past our backs all night as we sat in very close quarters, forced to look at overworked kitchen folk busting ass not very happily. BIG NEGATIVE. I'd rather sit by the toilets at a table anywhere than have to endure this kind of ad hoc placement ever again. Calling this seating "the chef's counter" in order to make it seem special is a crock.

Double Knot downstairs is very, very dark. Sure, if you want romance and 'mood,' this could be the cat's ass for you. But then, so could eating TastyKakes in a dark closet with a birthday candle for illumination. There's dark and then there's DARK. I want to see what I am putting in my mouth. DK's low low low lighting makes this a very real challenge. Don't take your night vision challenged aging parents here for a meal. You'll never hear the end of it.  

If you opt for the tasting menu, you select 10 small plates and they throw in mochi for dessert. Sounds great, right? Well, if you have a party of 6, don't be fooled into thinking that all of you are going to be able to each make selections. Nope. It don't work that way, baby. All 6 of you have to agree on what ONE thing you all really want from each category, with the exception of the robatayaki, where you can argue over and then choose two items. The largesse!

Since this is a business, and a popular one, tables have to be turned over at a certain rate, so your food will be coming out at a rapid clip. There will be no lingering over anything. You order and then-wham-4 or 5 plates are on you in the blink of an eye. Since it's freaking dark in that cellar, unless you use the light on your phone or try to use one of the very tiny votives on the table to figure out which dish is what, you'll be (pardon the pun) eating blind. Sure, the servers tell you what they are putting on the table, but when you have 4 people coming at you with plates and announcing, in a noisy space, what they just put down-good luck remembering. Pray that your dining buddies can all help sort out which five things were just served.  

There is very heavy up selling of sake here, so be prepared for that. I have been a waiter and I would dress as a hamburger and dance in 90 degree heat at a median strip with a promotional sign before I'd wait tables here. There is so much on the menu, in addition to the specials, that the spiel the waiter has to deliver sounds, at best, like one long syllable. That is not the fault of your server. You can only rattle this stuff off so many times in a shift before it all feels and sounds like babble, no matter how stellar a waitron you may be. 

The food is good. The seafood is fresh. For the most part, the presentation (or what you can sort of see) is fine but eating the tasting menu smacks of the American ethic of 'more is more.' It's too much, it's too fast, it's too rich and as it descends on you all at once, it becomes a blur of chopsticks, rapid fire descriptions and trying to figure out if this is the ceviche or the sushi or the robatayaki. Or maybe something else...

Since I have never had 'just' a dinner here, I can't comment on that experience. Maybe I will go back sometime just for that. 

When I compare the experience of a dining at Zahav for the $45 tasting menu to the tasting menu at Double Knot for $60, DK comes up badly wanting. Zahav is relaxed, casually elegant and refined. Double Knot is like a fast, overwhelming culinary gang bang that leaves me wondering just what exactly I ate and convinces me that I've really gotten f*cked.
So let me preface this by saying my fiancé and I are major foodies. We go out to dinner a lot. A lot a lot. My fiancé has worked in the industry, and we understand things happen.

Tonight, in an edamame dumpling, my fiancé found a staple. Thankfully, he found it before eating it and spit it out with no damage. 

The issue I have is that the restaurant didn't do more to amend the situation. While they comped the drinks, my fiancé doesn't even drink by the way, dinner still was not inexpensive. After the incident that occurred, I was kinda over it.

Now, my fiancé and I are super cool, and the waitress Megan was very nice about it. It's not her fault. But I am super sad that this restaurant which was our new favorite is now our least.

Be careful with the dumplings.
4.5, but I've seriously gone like a dozen times in 3 weeks or something, so clearly needs to be rounded up.

I probably love this place a little too much--I come for their lunch special ($7.  I REPEAT, SEVEN DOLLARS! cheaper than most stuff around here, minus the chicken and rice carts), and always order the noodles with chicken and an egg on top (not listed as an option on the menu). Great flavor, light and refreshing, and everything tastes so fresh and delicious...and with the egg on top, it's heaven (i'm a firm believer that egg on top trumps cherry on top).  While I usually feel full after finishing, I find myself hungry again just a few hours later.  Still, of the lunch options around the office, this is definitely my favorite--and my transaction history proves it!
From the beginning: had some trouble finding the place, but it's right next to Sampan (wish the signage was bigger for first-timers). If you made a reservation, you need to walk through the first floor to the back right where the hostess is (a bit counterintuitive, and left us feeling silly standing around when we first entered). Here's what we got thanks to the recommendations of and consultation with our server Dustin:
 
Robatayaki (it means "fireside-cooking" and it's a Japanese-style BBQ on skewers over hot charcoals): 
* Pork Scallion ($4 ea) - Dustin recommended this over the Pork Belly, which is what I initially wanted to order based on reviews...would definitely order this again!! So juicy and flavorful.
* Kobe Beef ($4 ea) - Saw this in previous reviews, it definitely delivered. Some of us had different preferences in terms of how much it was cooked, but it was so flavorful we wished we had a whole burger of this meat...
* Eggplant ($4 ea) - doesn't look the most appealing, but very surprisingly flavorful!
* King Oyster Mushroom ($4 ea) - initially came out too salty, but Dustin brought us another batch. Didn't go crazy over it like other dishes.

* Broiled Sea Bass ($23) - definitely was a smaller portion than we were expecting, but we all thought this was the best sea bass we'd ever had before. Very tender, loved the truffle, and the snap peas were a nice touch.
* Duck Scrapple Bao Bun ($7 for 2, you can add on single baos +$3.50) - we were surprised the scrapple was so good...the maple teriyaki and cucumber were on point! If you like pork baos this might convert you...
* Black Cod Fried Rice ($11) - I wasn't expecting much of this because of the "fried rice" part, but we ate every bite of this. The black cod were cooked with miso caramel, which gave it a sweet taste, it didn't taste oily at all like other fried rice out there, and I loved the fried shallots on top!
* (Tartare) Tuna ($12) - from the Cold menu, I thought I wouldn't like it because I don't like raw fish, but it was amazing and had a spicy kick. Wish the avocado would have been a little softer though
* Tempura shrimp taco ($9 for 3) - from the Crispy menu, I was not wowed, I think all the radishes overpowered the shrimp tempura

I took some pics of the menu, but I'd also recommend you check out their website for a clearer and more comprehensive menu that seems up to date. When I made our reservation on OpenTable (100 dining points), I made a note that it was my friend's birthday...gotta say, we were treated like royalty by Dustin! He knew right away that it was a special occasion, helped us take plenty of photos, and even brought out free matcha buttercream dessert on a brownie (it was fancier than that but I didn't catch what the middle layer was...). No wonder he trains the new servers!
My friends and I were looking for a place for sips and savory bites and was recommended Double Knot, a restaurant that is part of the MJS Restaurants collective and owned by Chef & Restaurateur Michael Schulson. Double Knot is a charming coffee shop with a secret izakaya in the basement offering sushi and robatayaki meats.

The bar offers cocktails, wine, and beer. We tried most of the Specialty Cocktails including Double Knot, Two Authors Knot, The Pocket Knot, and Monkey's Fist. Our favorites were Double Knot and Monkey's Fist.

The Double Knot consisted of Bourbon, Rye, Sweet Vermouth, Dry Vermouth, Bitters, and Barrel Stave Smoke. I loved how the glass was smoked with cinnamon on a bourbon barrel stave smoke. The Monkey's Fist consisted of sake, coconut, pineapple syrup, lime, and usually chili, but opted out on that due to pepper allergy. I liked how it was frothy on top, light in alcohol content, fruity and tropical in flavor, and blended with ice.

The menu offers cold appetizers, specialty sashimi, crispy appetizers, small plates, robatayaki, meat and fish entrees, sides, and sushi/sashami. Since we were grabbing drinks and small bites, we ordered a few robatayaki items including Miso Eggplant, Maitake Mushrooms, Swordfish, and Quail, which were grilled to perfection and quite flavorful.
We were in town for one night and we're directed to Double Knot by our hotel.  We arrived without reservations and they were able to seat the two of us.  We were sat in the bar area and Hazel provided our service.  

The tables were well spaced out for COVID.  We didn't feel like anyone was on top of us. 

I can honestly say this has been one of my favorite dining experiences to date.  As it was our first time here we ordered appetizers with drinks. They prefer you to order all of your food at the same time and plates roll out. 

Drinks. The Southeast Side was awesome.  I'm a gin head and was pleasantly surprised by the citrus basil cocktail.  I actually had three and would highly suggest.  We also tried the New Lover's Knot. This drink was good, but fairly sweet. Buyer beware. 

The 5-star review comes because the Chef's Selection was over the top.  While pricey, we had more food than we could handle.   Our favorites of the 10+ courses was the tuna tar tar, the duck bao buns and the Kobe Beef. 

We were finished off with a pumpkin cookie mochi.  The best mochi I've had in my life. 

Again, one of my favorite dining experiences.  I would love to come back to Double Knot, it will forever stay on my list.  

Thanks Hazel and staff.  Quite the adventure.  Not only was the food phenomenal, the portions and atmosphere were equally as excellent.
New favorite place in Philly!!  Thank goodness we got there early and was able to get a table.   This was our first stop of the evening before dinner.   We enjoyed a nice glass of Purato and my daughter had the
 La Vie En Rose.  Perfect start.  Then we ordered the Shrimp Tempura Handroll and the Pork & Shrimp Spring roll with chili-lime dipping sauce.  Both were SUPERB!  Wish we could have stayed longer to order much more.  But gives us a reason/purpose to come back for more.   This place gets busy and packed quickly.  Reservations for dinner are receommended.   Looking forward to another great experience.  5 stars!
I am also a big fan of Sampan and Graffiti Bar, so I was not surprised that Double Knot was also great. I'm really intrigued by their multiple-format dining plan, and so far have only been for lunch and happy hour. I'm not sure I'd do dinner there because it's a little $$$ for my budget. Although of course, when you keep adding more dumplings to your order... that adds up too......

The great stuff - HH menu is a good deal and includes many Sampan favorites. The dumplings are are A+, edamame dumplings ESPECIALLY. I appreciate that lunch is the set $7 menu-- it was fast and a way better deal than (bafflingly popular ripoffs) Honeygrow and Sweetgreen. 

The meh - HH does fill up. I don't like waiting or being squished, so venue popularity is a drawback for me. I went with 2 friends on a Tuesday at 5:30 and we had no problem getting seats, but it did fill up later and we were really happy to have a good spot. It would definitely depend on the day/time you go.
After two (three?) happy hours and two lunches, I can honestly say that this is one of my top go-to restaurants in Philadelphia (or anywhere). I was initially brought in by the fact that they do happy hour on the weekends too, and it's one of the best happy hours EVER, in a laid-back but lovely setting with excellent lighting (i.e. definitely a great date spot). The drink specials are excellent, and the food specials are so good it's ridiculous (even for vegetarians like me). The wild mushroom chow fun is the best non-meat option on the HH menu, the cucumber avocado sushi is refreshing and tasty, and the edamame dumplings are pretty good, though next time I'd try the vegetable ones instead. 

The lunch menu is practically another happy hour-type special. You get a generously sized banh mi, salad, or rice or noodle bowl with any protein choice you want, and an array of refreshing herbs and vegetables, with bright flavors provided by the combination of pickled carrots, mint, cilantro and more. (I recently learned you can even combine the protein options! Potentially dangerous and maybe a recipe for gluttony.) I've had the tofu banh mi on take-out, which I'll admit I was a little under-whelmed by, but the tofu/egg salad was fantastic, so I'm convinced that the banh mi disappointment was a fluke. I'm not letting it affect my star rating, or my inclination to experience many more lunches, happy hours, and dinners at Double Knot.
I was looking forward to coming here with my 2 other friends because someone had recommended this place. But this place  started me off on the wrong foot. 

I had a reservation for 3 at 8:15 pm on a sunday night and I checked in early at 7:50pm by myself and one of my friends was outside. The other was still finding parking. The hostess mind you was at the end of the bar,( not when you first walk in) stated that I could not get seated closer to my reservation time with my full party. Fine. It's ok. I waited outside. I came back in around 8:14pm. My table was still not ready. Ok, why, I already checked in early? She states they've given the check to the table but the customers have not left yet. Wait until about 8:20 pm and we are seated. 
I didn't know this was supposed to be a modern izakaya. I've been to japan. This is not an izakaya. The food is no where near as tasty as Japan's izakaya. 

First off this place is like in the basement. You walk down a flight of stairs and you arrive downstairs to what looks like a sushi bar. Then go down a couple more steps and then you have regular table seating. 

The menu mind you is basically all small plates. Even their "meat and fish selections" which are entree prices are like appetizer sized! My hamachi appetizer was about 4 or 5 slices of hamachi with pea shoots and scallions and a sesame soy sauce underneath. The scallions on top overpowered the hamachi. My broiled sea bass was so thin and smaller than my palm! And the hanger steak which my friend asked to get medium was overcooked and dry! My friend doesn't like to send back food so she ate it but it was not pleasant to eat.  

My other friend got the Toro scallion roll and blue crab roll and ceviche hamachi. The ceviche was good and the Toro roll was good but definitely no way to fill you. 

We all got the Kobe beef robatayaki. Which was good but for $5 per skewer and only 3 pieces of beef. I'm not sure if it's worth it. It was tasty but in my opinion was not amazing.

We all left still pretty hungry and $46 dollars each poorer. Our bill was about $120 ( no alcohol or drinks ordered). It was not worth the money nor the amount of food you get. It was overpriced and not filling. I would not recommend this place if my life depended on it. I know better sushi and asian places than this one.
I have only been here for Happy Hours, but I always have a good time.  There is always a good selection of happy hour menu items as well as delicious drinks.

I tend to stick to wine when I come here, but I have friends who really enjoy the cocktails, especially the coffee cocktails...which I have sipped and I can attest to how good they are!  

Some of my favorite food items from the happy hour menu are: 

Spicy Tuna Roll
Salmon Avocado Roll
Short Rib Robatayaki
Pork Bao
Kobe Hot Dog
Vietnamese Crispy Spring Rolls
Crab Rangoon
Edamame Dumplings
Kim Chee Fried Rice
Roasted Broccoli

Although, I am sure the other items are also delicious.  Usually if I come with 3-4 people, we will order 2 sushi rolls and 3 appetizers to share.  We get more if we are still hungry, but that usually is perfect for us for happy hour.

Would love to come for dinner or lunch, I just haven't had the chance.  Will certainly update my review once I am able to do this!

Service is always pretty good, and staff is friendly.  Double Knot is certainly an enjoyable spot!
Omg. Two words: Flavor. Explosion. 

This just made my top sushi list in philly. 

The basics: Small plates, recommended to order 5 or 6 for two people.

Ordered the Mushroom Gyoza, edamame dumplings, crispy Brussels sprouts, ume hirame roll, wasabi yellow tail roll, and broiled sea bass that melts in your mouth. 
Ok so, the une hirame roll was so good (perfect balance of Smokey & savory) that we ordered it TWICE! Yes. You read that right. And I'm not ashamed to say, if I had room in my stomach for a third roll I would've ordered it. 

The ambiance is quiet and cool. Well stocked bar, friendly servers and prime location for going out afterwards. 
To me, all the rest of this stuff is just a bonus. The food is the real show stopper.
Double knot definitely has one of the best lunch specials in the city! For $7 (yes, that's it), you can get a rice/noodle bowl or banh mi with your choice of protein (chicken/beef/pork/shrimp/etc.)

I ended up getting a shrimp rice bowl and it was delicious. Bonus-it came with a fried egg on top! So many flavors that I loved all in one bowl.

For takeout, the wait isn't too long-between 5-10 minutes. I will definitely be back again!
Only negative thing I can say is that it can get insanely crowded. Other than that, I'm in love. This is my ideal happy hour destination (ps- Saturday Happy Hour!! Can I get an amen?!) 

A perfect selection of drinks and cheap bites with excellent portion sizes for the price. I've tried the wings, spicy tuna roll, broccoli, bahn mi, pork dumplings and kimchi fried rice. I was audibly 'MMM-ing' after every bite. I doubt you could go wrong with anything on this menu.

That being said, the dinner menu scared me a little bit. I'm not a huge coffee-shop person, so I will probably just stick to happy hour here. Over and over and over again.
Oh man - Michael Schulson is killing it with these Asian fusion restaurants. Double Knot is Sampan's more sophisticated, more secluded cousin. Its menu has some crossover with Sampan (mostly the highlights e.g. edamame dumplings), but has a totally different, more Japanese-inspired vibe that comfortably differentiates Double Knot.

The first time we visited the restaurant, we were super confused - the ground floor is an unassuming coffee shop; however, head through the door and down the staircase in the back of the "cafe", and you will find yourself in the dimly-lit, hip, eclectic space that is Double Knot. We ordered a la carte the first time - standouts included the wings, crispy and saucy and that perfect mix of salty-sweet; the robatayaki were a lot of fun, and the ribeye was especially outstanding, with a slightly charred exterior and an almost creamy, rare to medium-rare interior. For our main, we split the Sapporo chicken - the juicy, almost sweet chicken paired well with the slight bite of the shishito peppers and the savory miso. We ended our meal with a few individual sushi and sashimi, which were certainly more traditional, with well-seasoned rice. (If you like tamagoyaki, it is worth ordering - they make it in the style of "Jiro Dreams of Sushi".)

The next time we went, we ordered the $55 chef's tasting menu, which turned out to be a better value for us - we really failed to carb up our first time, and as a result, did suffer a bit of sticker shock. The menu is also big enough that we literally had none of the same dishes as the first time! Highlights included the tender, savory hamachi collar, the tempura shrimp tacos, the swordfish and the beef robatayaki (the swordfish was so tender and so well-marinated - I never knew swordfish could taste like that), and the edamame dumplings with their almost buttery, refreshing edamame filling. As with the first time, dishes came out really fast; if the plates were any bigger, we would have run out of room on the table for all the dishes! 

Their drinks are also quite good - my personal favorites are the Re-Animator Tie and the Singapore Slip (disclaimer: I'm partial to a good gin drink); the New Savoy Knot is very tasty as well. Service is fast, friendly, and generally super knowledgeable about the food and drink menu - our waitress last time gave suggestions for both dishes and drinks to basically all the patrons around us, and all parties left extremely satisfied. Overall, the food is on the pricier side, but with its more subdued and intimate setting and more precise and delicately-crafted dishes, Double Knot is a truly special experience.
This is for their delivery/takeout that just opened. Normally we LOVE this place for their Asian fusion with great sushi and affordable prices in Center City. We usually walk here once a week before quarantine for dinner and sometimes for their viet lunch bowls. 

I was super excited to see they were doing delivery on Caviar this week, so in support of their business I placed a $150 order. Food came quicker than expected, semi warm still. But what gives this a one star rating is the fact that they knowingly served nasty old nigiri sushi and rolls. The tuna was so disgusting that I threw it away. Never in my life have I ever thrown sushi away...this was THAT BAD. I even shamefully tried to put Sriracha on it, nope, still disgusting. The tuna roll and toro scallion roll.....the tuna was slightly brown. Not the vibrant red it should be. The nigiri was terrible as well. I paid $60+ for weeks old non sushi-grade fish. Shame on you doubleknot!! The scallop was doused in wasabi to cover the fishy taste. Just absolutely disgusting. I've been to Japan twice, eaten at the famous Tsukiji market and numerous Michelin starred omakase restaurants, this was just beyond abysmal.

To top it off, the ginger and wasabi they sent was old as well. The pickled ginger was dry as paper and the wasabi was essentially dust. 

Only perk was that the warm food was still pretty good. Until they open again and have been functioning for a few weeks so that their inventory can turn over, I'm not coming here. Cuz they will knowingly serve you old food.
Literally one of the best happy hour places in Philly. They have about 20 options which are all $3-$4, with a menu very similar to Sampan's (as they have same ownership). The place is super cool and cozy, with lots of candles. We tried almost everything and the favorites were the crab type ravioli, edamame dumplings, the shrimp rice with egg and the swordfish meatballs, also their sushi was very good as well. For dessert we tried the ice cream rolled in rice crispies and chocolate dipping sauce (which looked like sushi!). So unique, but tasted OK. Overall this is great place to catch up with friends and try lots of different options without breaking the bank.
I love Double Knot for everything except for lunch - exclusively because menu is limited at that hour. Sushi boxes in the fridge are solid though.

Their brunch is a secret GEM. I say secret because none of my friends on the other side of Broad Street seem privy of it. Great price and amazing selection. Huge fan of the egg bao bun.

Happy hour menu is also worth praise. So much variety and generously priced. HH favorites include: pork bao bun, edamame dumplings, and Kobe hot dog.

Dinner favorites: yellowtail sashimi, wings, shishito peppers, and the robatayaki (love: scallops, lobster tail, smoked bacon, and rib eye scallion). I also recently tried the black cod fried rice and was very pleasantly surprised.
The food is great but the service is where they fail. 
We made a 930PM reservation and didn't get seated until 1015PM. 
All the hostess could say is that they're waiting on folks to pay their bill and/or our table is being set. (We got 2 different answer both the times we asked)
I also was not expecting an apology for her since she was acting as if our reservations were inconveniencing her. 

The portions are smaller than tapas and a lot of the items are probably only good for one person. 

The prices are steep and Sampan is next door- they share the same kitchen so I would recommend going there and skipping this place.
Mike G, a bartender at the restaurant, was so nice to show us the downstairs part of the restaurant although it was closed. We got the lunch special that tasted healthy, fresh, and delicious. I got the shrimp salad. The lettuce used in the salad tasted incredibly fresh.
I had been wanting to try this place for a long time. It's really close by and I can't believe it took me a few years to do so, but I'm glad I did. I loved the speakeasy feel of the downstairs dining area, which was totally different from the upstairs lunch and coffee section. P. and I opted for the tasting menu, which I thought was reasonably priced at $60/person for 10 different dished and dessert. Since they're a small plates/tapas type place, I like to try the tasting menu because I am not good at decision making and I also think it gives the chef a chance to send out some of their best dishes. Then I know what to come back for. We ended up getting an additional dish, the Japanese fried chicken, which we should have just wrapped up to take home because there was SO MUCH FOOD. I am going to try to remember all the dishes we had: 
1. tuna tartare - best dish of the night hands down. Fresh and flavorful
2. tempura shrimp taco - I liked this dish more than P. did, but I am quite a shrimp enthusiast
3. tuna sushi - not sure if this was supposed to be the case, but the temperature of this sushi was slightly warm, which was a little off-putting to me, but the taste of the tuna was on point
4. duck scrapple bao bun - definitely interesting and as someone who doesn't like scrapple, duck scrapple was pretty good
5. scallops - big and delicious
6. Japanese Fried Chicken - this was a very large plate and could have used a little acid to balance out the oil of the fried chicken and the creamy mayo served alongside it
7. Aged NY Strip steak - I enjoyed this dish even though I thought the meat was a little chewy, despite it being served medium rare
8. Black Cod Fried Rice - this was a REALLY good fried rice that we ended up taking most of home later as it was a large serving. The black cod, while it sounded a little odd to me, was a nice addition
9. Short Rib Robatakayai - fell off the bone and was super easy to eat.
10. Kobe Beef Robatakayai - see short rib above
11. Broiled Sea Bass - by the time i got to this dish I couldn't eat any more aside from a small taste. I don't remember it particularly standing out to me, but P. really enjoyed it .
I enjoyed that there was a vase at your table to discard skewer sticks since so many of the dishes included them. It was a fun little touch. Double Knot is somewhere you take friends from out of town that enjoy a good meal and that you want to impress with some of Philly's more interesting dining options. I definitely will come back to try some of my favorites from the tasting again and some additional Robatakayai.
**DISCLAIMER - THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT THEIR TAKEOUT DURING QUARANTINE

SO unimpressed with this place.  There has been so much hype around Double Knot that I was really excited to order it for dinner one night.  The food was all meh.  I would sit down and try this place when everything reopens and give it another shot.

We ordered the Kung Pao Chicken wings, pork pot stickers, korean bbq short rib robatayaki, avocado cucumber roll, shrimp tempura roll, and vegetable lo mein.  Nothing stood out to us and we felt like it was all overpriced for the quality.  Again, open to trying this place when it opens up full-time but until then, STAY AWAY!
Wow! Beautiful decor, setup and ambiance. Sit downstairs and you'll feel trapped in an old 1920's time warp. We sat at the Chef's counter, observing the fresh seafood lined in a well organized fashion.

Most plates are for sharing including the hot and cold dishes. Highly recommend the crispy tofu plus  flank steak dishes. The sushi rolls are decent- quite fresh but they only come in small numbers (2 per plate). Don't forget sake with meal- especially the unfiltered version that comes served the color of silk. 

The waiting staff is friendly and often check on your progress. Dishes come out from the kitchen FAST so if you're a slow eater, just pace yourselves for that. Music is sleek and not too loud to have a normal conversation.
I FINALLY got to eat at Double Knot! I've been waiting forever, there's ALWAYS a wait, and Open Table is always booked, unless you want to dine at 10pm. 
However, there's some interesting things I figure out. The main floor is first-come-first-serve tables, so you can stand around and get the next table when someone leaves. The downstairs basement is actually the formal seated dining room, and much more romantic setting. Those tables you need reservations. However, there are A LOT of bar seats downstairs. The sushi counter is very long, with a lot of seats, and there's another bar in the back with seats also. So, if you don't want a table, you can probably sit at the counter/bar with no reservation. 

The food at Double Knot is some of the most fresh, melt-in-your-mouth seafood ever. My Favorites are: 
1. Edamame Dumplings - wow. I can't even explain how amazing these are. Delicate and delicious, melts in your mouth.  
2. Ahi Tuna App was so fresh, you hardly need to chew it, it was amazing. 
3. We had a rainbow roll that was on special, it was very fancy and not prepared like your traditional rainbow roll at any other sushi restaurant. This was much smaller, but very unique and fresh. Delicious!
4. Duck Scrapple Bao Bun was very good, I think this probably is the best bang for your buck, since all the other dishes are very small for the high prices. 
5. Eggplant small plate was really good, but only had 1 eggplant on a skewer, so we ordered 2. 
6. Brussel Sprouts were really good, actually a huge portion size. 

Everything is very tasty, but in general, most dishes were too small for the prices you pay. I went with my sister, and we probably ordered 7-8 plates of food before we got full. Our bill (including a $40 bottle of sake) was $160 for 2 people. Add tax and tip, and we paid over $100 each for dinner. That is too much for me!
Space: still beautiful.
Skewers: still great and pricy. 
Sushi: some of the freshest and best quality in the city.
Drinks: I've had too many. And they're amazing.
The lunch special: one of my favorite lunch deals in town.
Service: still frustratingly the only thing not up to par with everything else that is great about this place.
Visited Philly with my husband for a wedding and we really enjoyed Double Knot! My friend had recommended it to us and we were not disappointed.

I made reservations via Open Table and we were seated pretty quickly. Instead of ordering the Chef's Tasting Menu ($60 pp) we ended up ordering separately because I knew I was going to eat a cheesesteak after anyway LOL

We got: chicken karage (5/5), pork belly robatayaki (4/5), chicken robatayaki (5/5), bacon yakisoba (4/5), miso eggplant (5/5), salmon sashimi (5/5), albacore (4/5). 

Coming from Southern California, my expectations in the sushi itself wasn't too high but man was it pretty darn good. I'm docking one star for the service - I kept having to ask for water and our waiter also forgot a dish but charged us for it. They did fix it when we told them though.
4.5 stars for food - 1 star for service. First few times I've had food here it was excellent as was the service. I'm not sure if they underwent staff changes in the kitchen but next time I had gotten lunch it was completely cold - I'm talking about ice cold barely cooked so I've had to throw it out. When I stopped by to simply notify them of this, not expecting anything free, I was passed off from one employee to another until the third or fourth one I was speaking - supposedly some sort of manager - said "okay I'll be right back" and disappeared. I waited for a bit and just decided to leave. Not sure where he ran off to but I specifically stated that all I wanted to do is let ya know about the food.

Anywho, today I wanted to give them another go because I love the food and haven't had their small plates dinner yet. So we came in 3:55 and their dinner starts at 4, but the very nice and gracious bartender said we can have a seat at any open table - basically all of them. My girlfriend and I had ordered two simple beers with the waiter - fast forward to 4:20 and the place is packed, everyone around us is ordering food and I've not a beer, nor any sign of the waiter...good bye. Never again.
Don't come here for afternoon cocktails. Everything is responded to in the negative. We walk in and the place smelled like delicious coffee, just what we were looking for after an afternoon of shopping, w maybe a sambucca. No clean mugs, an old punch bowl on the bar w what looked like, and we were told, was a rum punch until another barkeep warned us it was cosmos from the night before.  So we took our coffees and sambuccas in our PAPER CUPS to our seat because there is to waitperson service yet. I know this isn't NYC but come on!
Best lunch deal in town. Consistently good and fresh tasting! Hoping to try dinner one of these days. The meatballs are my favorite protein - try them next time!
Just came from a dinner down stairs. It was simply incredible. Stunning space, steam punk meets New England seafood house. Lots of wood , candles and very romantic. Amazing use of an unusual space. Feels warm and comfortable. The service was first rate. Friendly and professional without being too much. Ask for Ryan! The food was simply wonderful. My expectations were high , but to be honest I'm not a big fan of Sampan. The food although small portions and not a bargain was stellar! We had the tuna bowl . Poke without the rice. It was the best I ever had. The fried tofu was quite large and was crispy , hot and had a sweet spicy sauce. We had two sushi rolls , the wasabi yellow tail may have been the best premium roll I have ever had. The robotayaki was profound . We had the lobster tail , venison, ribeye and maitiake mushrooms. Each one was better then the next. Each one provided a perfect bite or two. The Oxtail shumsi was a rich umami dumpling in broth with hot peppers. The drinks are well crafted. Tried the Author Knot. A play on a Hemingway daiquiri. Just a perfect dinner. I can't wait to return. 

Great return visit. Better then ever!
Definitely an intimate and dark setting, keep that in mind for the occasion when you go! Great food, but can be noisy on the weekends.
I'm giving this place 2 stars for the happy hour. As others have mentioned, the happy hour is great! Reasonably priced drinks and great food!

The rest of the experience was pretty terrible. I've never left a restaurant hangry before, so that was a first! I did a chef's tasting and it was the most disappointing chef's tasting I've ever had. Every course was more mediocre than the last. Nothing was bad, but nothing was good either. The scallops and short rib were well cooked, but had no flavor. The edamame dumplings and sea bass were fine, but nothing to write home about. The final course was chicken wings that were on par with Buffalo Wild Wings. Actually, I prefer the sauce at Buffalo Wild Wings. How this place has made it onto lists with greats like Zahav and Tinto is beyond me! 

Service was ok. Waitress was nice, but my water glass was empty a little too long, and the food came out at an odd pace in a weird order.

I picked up a burger on my way home. It was a fraction of the price, filling, and did not disappoint. Again, go for happy hour, just don't do dinner.
This review has nothing to do with the food here, which I love. This is why instead of one star I'm giving... .two 

My s/o and I decided to go here one evening after not going for a while. During the summer we would go here a couple times a month, so much that we had to stop and take a breather so this was our first time back. We stopped in at 8pm in hopes of sitting downstairs since we had only experienced the 1st floor. They were booked until later which was cool because someone left right when we got there and we were able to grab a table against the wall. 

Were very hungry at this point and I'm drooling over the menu. My s/o had to tell me to CHILL and that we should start with 3-4 plates and order more after. I said I GUESS. The sushi we ordered came out first and we inhaled it. We then waited for our brussel sprouts and cod fried rice. I was excited to try the cod because I usually got the shrimp kimchi. 20-25 minutes had gone by and you know I love my man to pieces but we have been together for a couple years now and weren't there for the first date stimulating conversation vibes we were there to eat. Against our better judgement we called our waiter over and ordered more food and asked about the two plates that were missing. Mind you that the table next to us got the chefs tasting menu and while were sitting there staring at each other they were receiving plate after plate.  

10 more minutes go by and guess what? A plate from our second order rolls through before we even received the plates from the first order we put in like 45 minutes prior. I hear our waiter say that the kitchen is slacking on bringing our plates out even though in the back of my mind I think they gave them to the table beside us. My s/o overheard one of the patrons from the table say "I don't even like brussel sprouts!" ...... !!! 

At this point were over it and tell the waiter we don't want the fried rice or brussell sprouts. He gives us the Shannon Sharpe "that aint no problem" response which kind of leads me to believe they never remade it? A bus boy comes to the table after with the 2nd plate from our second order and says "did you guys already receive this?" and were like huh? No? We asked him to please tell our waiter we would like the check and he says okay. 

The waiter had the audacity to come to the table after we cancelled two orders and asks us if we would like dessert or tea? UM? NO? Please just give us our check. He says sorry for messing up the order which doesn't seem sincere and brings it over and we dip.

Having worn many customer service hats in my time I feel like double knot could have been more on it. I'm sure there were a lot of patrons below us but at 8pm the 1st floor was dying down and emptying out so waiters were standing to the side. I just don't get how you can see our table empty for 20-25 minutes and just say oh well. Like I stated before I was eager to order more food after that. Just paying for only 3-4 plates of great food felt like I wasted my money when I was willing to order more and spend more if the customer service was on point. I could have went to chic fil a instead and been greeted with a smile and can do attitude.
Wow, my most recent visit to Double Knot just blew me away. My friend and I went for Happy Hour on a whim, and we grabbed a table immediately. Because we had some other obligations, we skipped the drinks and went HARD on the apps. We ordered at least one from every app category. The standouts were the short rib robatakayai and the pork banh mi. All of the fusion inspired apps we ordered were delicious, and came to the grand bill of $23. Suffice it to say, my new favorite happy hour in the city, and I'll be back soon for more food and drink at an amazing price!
Double Knot has been one of my favorite restaurants for happy hour or just an evening meal. I came here a couple months ago before the pandemic with a friend - even with a reservation, we waited a bit, but I thought it was well worth it. We were eventually seated at the bar downstairs. 

Each time I come, I always order a large amount due to the smaller portion sizes - I've tried the Pork Gyoza, Edamame Dumplings, Wagyu Beef, Beef Short Rib (for 2), Pork Bao, and more! My favorite of them all happens to be the Edamame Dumplings - it has a light taste with a unique flavor, something that you need to try to really understand. I also really enjoyed the Beef Short Rib - even for two people, I found the portion to be quite large. The tender meat fell right off the bone, and it was definitely a step away from the smaller dishes. If you're not sure what to order, ask someone on the team for recommendations! There's a wide variety of options, and I definitely had some trouble balancing ordering too much versus too little.

The service was great here, and the food came out at a reasonable pace. I personally recommend coming for happy hour since it's more bang for your buck, but be sure to come early since everyone wants the $5 deal. Double Knot definitely gets packed quickly with long wait times if you don't plan ahead.
What a neat happy hour find in Philly!

From the outside, it's very unassuming, and inside it has a sort of lounge-y speakeasy feel. Would definitely suggest coming early to try and nab a seat for happy hour prices - it's a great deal! $3-$4 on small plates and drinks.

We ordered quite a bit, including:

-Edamame dumplings - not super-filling, but good if you like that truffle taste

-Salmon roll - average

-Kobe slider - a little on the dry side, but does well to fill you up

-Kim chee fried rice - not too spicy, which is nice; also helps to fill you up for a meal

-Short rib robatayaki - THIS WAS THE DISH. Super tender, really delicious and flavorful for each bite.

It was a really great deal for the different kinds of food we ate, and I'd be down to come again.
To be honest, I haven't eaten here yet; my first visit was with a date for drinks, and it was a really enjoyable experience. You may not realize that Double Knot is rather unpretentious by looking in from the outside doors, but it has just the right touch of class to make it such the popular, interesting place that it obviously is judging by all the people there up through at least 10pm at night.

Located in the former Sansom Cinema cesspool (if only those walls could talk; but then again, you probably wouldn't want them to!), they spent a lot of time rebuilding the brick and wood interior into a gorgeous place. The entrance floor has the velvet-like Hollywood-style seating on one side, and the classy bar on the other side. My date informed me that the 2 coffee machines located on the bar are not found anywhere else in the world outside of Japan. I don't drink coffee, so sorry that I can't inform you of the surely exquisite liquids that so many people surely enjoy. But the atmosphere here really makes you feel like a million bucks!

This place is big! We took a tour of the downstairs restaurant and bar, and it's breathtaking. From the faux cavernous rock look of the overflowed candle wax on the corner of the LED-lit sushi bar that look like jewelry cases, to the brick and hard wood walls and maze of oodles of tables in the dining section, you will be in awe when you visit and have the full experience. All the staff were so cool and more than willing to take any requests you may have.

I'm a very modest kind of guy, and typically these places are not my cup of tea; but I can't wait to go back again, especially to sample some of their food and to more properly, completely document the establishment that it is. I'm not a sushi fan, and I hope that it's not just the sushi bar that it is labeled to be; but regardless of Double Knot's heart being a sushi bar or not, there is certainly something here for everyone!

UPDATE: Apparently Double Knot is tied pretty closely into Sampan; my receipt here even said it was Sampan. They share the same kitchen, from what I gather.
My experience at Double Knot was both positive and a little annoying. After leaving a concert at Wells Fargo Center, we were hungry and looking for a place that would be serving late. When I saw they had an 11:30 or 12 reservation slot, I was thrilled cause I'd been wanting to try this place. I booked online and we headed there. When we arrived, there was no hostess or reception at the front door. We approached the upstairs bar and were told we could seat ourselves. Having researched this place and reading the reviews I knew there was a breakdown of upstairs (a limited menu) and downstairs (bigger menu, chefs tasting etc) so I said I think we are supposed to be downstairs and I made a reservation. He then said, oh the reception is in the back.  Keep in mind it's late and the restaurant has very low lighting. If I was coming in not understanding how the restaurant was setup, I could have missed the experience. 

When we checked in we were directed to a hall and down dimly lit stairs.  Through a door at the bottom is an entirely different world from upstairs. The downstairs is kind of like a chic, rustic food dungeon. With bars, a chefs counter, and intimate tables it's more roomy than I was expecting. Hard to say the atmosphere in the day or early evening but when I was there, very low lighting. Our server was friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu and offerings. She did tell us when ordering that we needed to order everything because the kitchen was closing soon. 

The menu is broken down into nine categories and the offerings are mostly small plates. Great if you are like me and like trying new and different things. They had enough vegetarian options that I felt good ordering but the menu is a lot of fish and meat. If you are vegan you might have a harder time. Also tell your server about your dietary needs because some of the dishes have hidden things like fish sauce. I ordered the tempura cheese curds (delicious), crispy Brussel sprouts, a cucumber avocado roll, edamame dumplings and grilled Maitake  mushrooms. The food was very flavorful. We were brought a dish of rice that we didn't order and I realized that instead of my mushroom dish that was sent out instead. We informed the server and she brought it back to the kitchen and then came back and said they prepared that instead of my mushroom dish. By this time the kitchen was closed. So so much for trying the mushrooms. While she was apologetic, and I was full, it was their mistake. I know it was late but if their kitchen closes by a certain time maybe they shouldn't book reservations so close to this time. We had an 11:30 and they offered a 12. She gave us a little dessert on the house. 

Overall I enjoyed the restaurant,the atmosphere, and the food. And while I'm not the type to let a couple small inconveniences ruin my experience, there are some diners that would be completely turned off.
Imagine if the coziest coffee shop and the sexiest speakeasy had a baby. Imagine that baby served you incredible Asian fusion small plates for $5 during happy hour. This baby, my friends, is named Double Knot.

Double Knot is, in my opinion, one of the best spots in Philly. Coffee, booze, amazing food - and to top it off, it offers an unbeatable happy hour. Their small bites and plates range from $3-5, and the variety is awesome. Edamame dumplings, chicken and pork bao buns, and shrimp fried rice topped with a freshly, perfectly poached egg are just a few of the amazing eats you can score during their 4-7 happy hour. Double Knot, shares space and menus (more or less) with Sampan and Graffiti Bar, but usually offers a better chance at grabbing a seat. The bartenders are amazing, and all of the food came out within 5-10 minutes of placing our orders. I came here with three friends, and for $15/ a person (AFTER tip!!), we had an incredible spread of sharable eats. 

You really can't go wrong with anything on this menu- it's all super tasty. My favorite thing I've tried has to be the Pork Bao. The bao bun is as fluffy as a cloud, and the pork packs incredible flavor, a crispy exterior, and a tender, juicy interior. I could literally eat ten of them - SO GOOD. 

Happy hour drinks are really just a choice of a daily cocktail or beer. It was a Yards Pale Ale and a vodka, lemonade, ice tea drink. Not feeling either of those choices, I stuck to water. I guess if you're really looking for a variety of cheap drinks, there are better options elsewhere.

Overall- HUGE FAN! This is such a great spot to come solo, with friends, on a date, or a large group. You really can't go wrong.
I came here with such hopes that it would be a good place for me and my friends to eat. So here's the jist:

Atmosphere - Pretty awesome! It's like a speakeasy kind of feel with candles and greatly decorated with just enough light -- although i heard in the back you need a flashlight to see the menu.

Drinks - OUTRIGHT gross and way too sweet. Between my friends we had 3 different drinks and all of them were as if my 4 year nephew made it. Mine for example was the "Sailors Hitch" with dark rum, spiced rum, mango, pineapple syrup, lemon, coffee bitters. Sounds yum right? NO! It tasted like 6 spoons of sugar and mango syrup with coffee grounds (not bitters) on top. And it's $12... I tried adding water to it to see if i can fix it.. and nope.. still bad.

Food - This is the first time I went to a restaurant in Philly and literally hated everything. All of us at the table ordered around 8 different things with only the skirt stake being, "Ok." The sushi is like biting into a rice crispy treat that is salty with no flavor. My spicy tuna was not spicy at all.. they add a little bit of sauce and call it spicy. The salmon sashimi that I had was more fresh then the other sushi but still felt weird eating it. 

Service - As you come in and out, they of course greet you. Our waiter was there only about twice to check up on us and took so long every time he did. It took about 20 minutes to get the check and another 20 to come back with the credit cards. I will kind of understand this since it was their first week but still staying at one star. 

Pricing - RIDICULOUS for what you're getting. I don't know what it is but I think they're taking advantage of the whole, "lets make it small plates and trendy atmosphere and charge the sh*t out of it". I left the place paying $40 for disgusting sushi, some skirt stake (2 in), some sashimi, and a gross drink. 

I heard their coffee is pretty good in the daytime so maybe try that? I'll edit it if i ever do -- which is unlikely.

SAVE YOUR MONEY. Go elsewhere. Maybe SAMPAN?
Wow -- so delicious. I loved that there are so many options and each dish is small, so you can try a lot!

The only downside is that the waiters were almost too attentive, taking away our dishes nearly seconds after we finished. Additionally, I felt like most of our dishes were on the sweeter side. A bit more salt would be preferred.

For more details on why I loved my meal...

Small hot dishes:
-short rib: really delicious flavor. Super tender!
-rib eye with scallions: similar flavor to the short rib. Also very good, but I preferred the short rib as I thought it was more flavorful.
-tuna with rice cracker: the cracker (basically a block of rice with a fried outside) was a bit tough. Overall liked it, but wouldn't recommend ordering it.
-pastrami bao bun: super unique dish. I love pastrami and thought the meat and slaw had good flavor, but there was way too much mustard on my piece. Would give this a try if you're looking for a fun, tasty bite.
-fried chicken with onions: hearty serving for $7. Not the best chicken I've had, but a good filler if you're not looking to completely blow your bank account.

Main:
-sea bass with pea shoots: Pretty decent hunk of fish. Had a great bright and crispy outside, and a nice sweet sauce on the plate. Our dish was a little cold, though. And I wish it was saltier. 
-black cod fried rice: ***this was probably my favorite dish! There were so many different elements to the rice which made it really delicious -- the saltiness of the cod (although honestly I would have preferred just a pinch of salt in the dish itself), sweetness of the caramel, spiciness of the peppers, and the pop of the edamame. 

Dessert:
-black sesame mocha: I like sesame so I enjoyed this dessert. Nothing super special, though.
-strawberry shortcake with sesame: would highly recommend this. Was a pretty big dessert so would be good for sharing. So delicious!
4 stars for the cafe, 5 stars for the downstairs dining room. The cafe is a rather pricey, upscale spot, meant more for conversation than work. Very comfortable, and they have alcohol if that's what you're after. Try the nitro cold brew coffee - I'd describe it as a surprisingly bubbly coffee porter, minus the alcohol, but with a very smooth flavor.

The dinner stole the show. Designed in small plates meant to be shared, the price certainly adds up quickly, but the dishes we had were phenomenal. I would highly recommend either of the bao buns (filled with pastrami or duck scrapple). Also, the Double Knot Big Eye Tuna Roll was a definite winner. The Kobe beef (cooked robatayaki-style) just fell off the skewer it was so perfectly cooked. The chicken thigh was more forgettable, but that's probably because the other items were so special. The cocktail menu was also pretty interesting, with a couple soju-based drinks included.
The BEST way to experience the food of Sampan and Double Knot is to come here at Happy Hour. You can get their best dishes for cheap costs if you're willing to come early. Those same edamame dumplings that draw crowds at this restaurant nightly are available for $4 if you'll eat before 7. Incredible cocktails and you can't go wrong with anything on that menu.
This place has great happy hour!

They always have a specialty cocktail and beer during their happy hour and their prices are really good. It's always really busy because they offer happy hour every day. Be sure to arrive right at 4:00pm, especially on the weekend if you want to be seated right away.

The kimchi fried rice is delicious and there is plenty of rice. It's ridiculous for the price. The beef skewer is juicy and definitely worth a try. And my favorite is the crab ragoons. They are crispy and just enough filling. The sweet and sour sauce with old bay adds the special touch.

Can't wait to go back and try the tasting menu. I've heard great things about the downstairs restaurant as well.
This place is dope and located right in Center City. We came here at an off-peak time but it worked out in our favor bc we were able to get happy hour prices.

Loves:
+ Happy hour is obvs amazing
+ Specialty cocktails at $9 were good but our fave was Southeast Side (gin, thai basil, yuzu)
+ Food was good too, and our faves were the pork banh mi, crab rangoon, and kim chee fried rice (all $6 each)

The space is not very big so I would highly recommend you get reservations if you can. Enjoy! :)
Here I sit, party of 1, waiting to slide into an open barstool somewhere downstairs for over an hour. The hostess said it was "too full" when I arrived, so I've waited upstairs not eating because if I ordered food she told me she'd have to take me off the list for downstairs. So I've waited, sipping a glass of sake with no info on why it'd take so impossibly long for them to seat -one- person somewhere. The upstairs waitress was very nice. I appreciated her asking the hostess what might be taking so long. She was as confused as I was when the hostess told her they were holding bar seats for overflow. Am I not "overflow" up here? It's insulting as a diner to watch parties of two come in and be seated and still be told that there is no room for you even at the bar. Trust me, if I could be a party of 2 I would be. I've honestly never felt more dismissed by a restaurant before, especially one I've raved about to so many people. Thanks for making me feel even more alone than I already did.

Update: I spent an hour and a half total at the restaurant. Never received the one food item I eventually and begrudgingly ordered upstairs and was basically ignored completely. Was this some kind of joke? I can't fathom how you can treat a customer like this. I gave up my table to a pair of nice women who were looking to eat - hopefully they ended up getting some food.  When I tried to call and leave a voicemail for the manager the auto caller said thanks for calling and hung up. Absolutely absurd. 

Update 2: to add insult to injury, 1 hour 45 min later (15 min after I'd closed my tab and left) a text update was sent that a seat is available... unbelievable.
This review is for downstairs dinner.

I thoroughly enjoyed Double Knot, in particular the food, atmosphere, and service.
Food
-Highly recommend the edamame dumplings which reminded me of ravioli and melt in your mouth. Other standouts were the scallops (which were a special that night), perfectly cooked, and the brussel sprouts with puffed rice. I enjoyed the sushi as well, but it was pretty standard.
Atmosphere
-Dark mood lighting with a backlit bar. Feels intimate, but not in a romantic way. It is inviting to groups. The dining room is filled with wood and industrial materials, so it gets loud.
Service
-I thought our waitress was very good. A smile was glued to her face the whole time, but somehow it didn't come across as fake to me...rather she actually seemed to feel very positive about her job! She was very attentive and pleasant.

My friends who have been there before echoed other reviews recommending reservations. We were a group of 6, with a reservation, but fortunately we only waited a few minutes for our table. 

And, amazingly to me, our checks only amounted to $30 each (plus tip)! Maybe I am jaded from DC prices, particularly at tapas-style places, but I certainly had enough to eat and drink, and was guessing we had racked up quite a bill. Definitely a pleasant surprise!
I've never been to a restaurant with such dismissive and pompous staff before. From the server to who I can assume was the manager. My two co workers and I came last night to celebrate an achievement at our job and it was definitely a bad restaurant choice considering how we wanted positive pleasant energy. It certainly wouldn't be a recommendation for any type of celebration.

We were seated in a lounge type area past the sushi bar and next to the restrooms, already sounding fantastic right? We were "greeted" by Brian who asked the type of water we wanted and if we wanted anything additional to drink. Brian had the worst bedside manner which made the experience unpleasant, but the worst part was the following. 

We were mid our main course when they seated a party of 4 next to us. Brian immediately comes over with a tray of 4 glasses of champagne for their group and says "this is compliments of the house". Let me be clear this section of the restaurant is virtually a large isolated booth, the party was on the other side of the booth. I can't tell you how rude it was to bring the one side champagne. So I see a man in a Blazer and slacks who's name was Steve and ask if he knows who the people were next to us, he says "no", I ask him if he knows what they do and he says "no", so I ask him why they were given champagne and he says "because they had to wait 30 minutes for a table" and then he turns and walks away. It was so dismissive and inconsiderate honestly. We spent over $150 worth of food, we weren't a waste of a table, but the service we received made the delicious food we had feel not feel so delicious after it all.
double knot is an amazing addition to the current 13th street line-up of restaurants.

we started off our meal with some drinks at the bar (get the two lovers knot if you're craving something sweet and fruity) and then walked downstairs through an unassuming door in the back to get to our seats at the counter. if you're thinking about coming here for a date, i would highly recommend sitting side by side at the counter. the set up is really nice and intimate!

we were feeling a bit indulgent, so we decided to go for the tasting menu. it's $55/person and gets you 1 dish from each section of the menu (e.g. small, cold, crispy, specialty sashimi, sushi/sashimi, meat, fish, sides) and 2 selections from the robatayaki - so 10 separate items total. 

small // pastrami bao bun
a little unusual to put pastrami in a bao, but this dish was actually one of our favorites. instead of the traditional pork belly, double knot offers pastrami - which pairs well with the japanese mustard and brussel slaw.

cold // toro baguette
tiny in portion size... but tasty! i guess i was expecting something the size of a baguette. it's more like 4 little crouton crackers with toro, pickled mushroom, wasabi and green onion piled on top.

crispy // karaage with daikon and kewpie mayo
karaage is really classic izakaya food. it's basically fried chicken with a spritz of lemon to cut the grease. you then get a little smear of the kewpie mayo (a super popular mayo brand in japan) on your chicken before each bite and somehow it still tastes pretty light. mayo on fried chicken sounds like a heart attack in the making, but karaage with kewpie works.

specialty sashimi // yellowtail
fresh yellowtail with ponzu, soy-ginger and finger lime as a garnish - once again, on the small side as a portion (keep this in mind, if you order it a la carte).

sushi/sashimi // double knot big eye tuna
we inhaled these... bite-sized rolls wrapped in green soy paper topped with tuna and avocado. so good!

robatayaki // kobe beef
it's beef on a stick slow-grilled over hot coals - can't get more simple than that.

robatayaki // swordfish
i feel like swordfish is the steak of the sea. it has a really meaty texture for a fish - not flaky at all.

meat // rib eye 
hearty slices of rib eye with hon shimeji mushrooms, ponzu and herbs. this was the "heaviest" dish of the night for me - definitely felt like my belly was getting full by this point.

fish // soy glazed salmon
i preferred this over the rib eye. the salmon was cooked to perfection (not even a little bit dry) and the onion ponzu and jalapeno oil kept the flavors really light and fresh.

sides // black cod fried rice
my absolute favorite dish of the night. i was feeling a bit hesitant about the black cod at first when we ordered it (fish? in fried rice? is that a thing?) but i was so, so pleasantly surprised by how yummy it was. definitely order this as a side if you're ordering a la carte. there's plenty to share or you could even eat it solo as an entree.

dessert // yuzu cheesecake
we didn't get to pick a dessert off the menu, but we still got something sweet to end our meal! we really enjoyed the clean, citrus flavors of this cheesecake. it's like an asian twist on a key lime or lemon cheesecake.
Food classified under the "Asian fusion" category has always left me cautious and weary of Asian delicacy being compromised. I was never one to jump on trying them- including Double Knot.

Except, Double Knot made me regret this poor decision of mine! Where did I go wrong all these years? 

Must have: 
- Edamame Dumplings with truffle 
- Black Cod Fried Rice 
- Robatakayaki Kobe Beef 

Concerns?
Please, dining downstairs is terrifying with the pitch black ambiguous path and stairwell. Pretty sure my friends and I, despite our calm demeanor, gripped onto the side railing for dear life. I'm imagining how accessible it will be for those with low vision, or how handicap accessible it will be going downstairs. Hope this can be addressed because the food here is too good to miss out on!

Bathroom tip:
If you see the opposite gender in the same bathroom as you, do not be alarmed. You're not going crazy. The bathroom is co-ed FYI.
Double Knot is another fantastic concept by the wonderful chef Michael Schulson. Connected to Sampan, the top floor was crowded at the few tables and around the bar on a Friday night. Luckily, we had a reservation, and we were evaded the bustling upstairs and were seated at an table in the intimate basement level. Downstairs, it was equally as crowded, with patrons filling every table, and a very "weekend" vibe with the dim lighting and close quarters. 

Our server, Dustin, was a wonderful server! He suggested a wine for us, which we absolutely loved. He talked us through the menu, and let us mull over our options. We opted to do the tasting menu. For $60 a person, the table chooses ten dishes - 1 from each section of the menu, but 2 from the robatayaki - to share. While tasting dishes typically leave you hungry, this was the complete opposite. While some dishes were small, others came out in grandiose portions, and by the end of the meal, we were STUFFED. We didn't even finish the last few dishes, although everything was incredible!

TUNA RICE CRACKER - cold // This dish was full of flavor, but the textural contrast is what takes it to the next level. A brick of crispy rice, which is chewy on the inside, is topped with a cool dollop of spicy tuna, with a sweet glaze. The bite ranges from soft to crispy to chewy all at once, and is a textural party in your mouth!

SALMON - specialty sashimi // Thinly sliced pieces of fresh salmon, in a spicy ponzu sauce and topped with soy ginger + scallions. This dish lets the fresh salmon do the talking!

TOFU - crispy // Normally tofu goes unnoticed while on the table, if people even order it at all. But not this tofu! This tofu is fried until it is extremely crispy on the outside, but with a pillowy interior that disintegrates in your mouth. The tofu has two sauces: a pesto and a miso caramel, which both stand out against the mild tofu. Even those who were opposed to ordering tofu helped scarf down this crispy delicacy! 

EDAMAME DUMPLING - small // These little dumps were adorable! The dumplings had a smooth, mild filling made with ground edamame. The flavor was very mellow, yet intriguing. Apparently these are one of the best sellers at Double Knot.

CHICKEN BREAST - robatayaki // Probably the least impressive dish in the meal. The chicken was cooked well, but lacked an explosive flavor compared to the other dishes. 

RIB EYE SCALLION - robatayaki // This was INCREDIBLE, and this is coming from someone who doesn't even like steak. The rib eye was so incredibly tender and juicy, it just melted in the mouth after the first bite. It was topped with a green scallion sauce that was so dynamite, it could have bene paired with cardboard and I'd eat it. Definitely the robatayaki to get!

BEEF SHORT RIB - meat // This was MASSIVE. And so DELICIOUS. The short rib comes to the table whole, and is shredded in front of you. The meat is succulent in the flavorful miso sauce. It's served with lettuce cups and white rice to make lettuce wraps, or you can just jab it with your fork and shovel as much as you possibly can into your mouth.

BROILED SEABASS - fish // By the time this dish came, we were filling up, and I don't think it got the attention it deserved. The seabass was cooked to just past the point of being raw (aka perfect), with glistening insides and a truffle soy glaze on the plate. A simple, understated, perfectly cooked fish. 

CRISPY BRUSSEL SPROUTS - sides // These were good, but not great. The brussels are super crispy, which I loved, and served in a salty fish sauce. While I typically love brussels served like this, I felt the sauce was a bit too pungent or salty, and it made it hard to eat a lot of these.

SPICY TUNA ROLL - sushi // Standard, spicy tuna roll. Fresh fish. 

MOCHI // The tasing menu comes with complimentary mochi. We had two flavors: black sesame and strawberry. These mochi were on the bigger side, with a chewy exterior. The strawberry was a little too sweet for me, but the black sesame tasted like a more mild peanut butter. So delicious and unexpected!!

Double Knot is definitely a spot I will be back to. Will I need to do the tasting menu again? Perhaps, but it was a lot of food. If I were to do it again, I would let the chef choose the menu so I could try some dishes I wouldn't normally. There's tons to chose from the expansive menu, and it's perfect for a weekend dinner or a date night.
I met a friend for a random lunch. We checked out Double Knot. Great, great choice!  The place is tranquil in terms of foot traffic for lunch, so they don't provide table service. You'll order with the cashier/bar tender, take a number and seat yourself. 

Lunch special lets you choose from protein (chicken, steak, tofu, etc) carb (rice, noodles, etc), and includes several veggies (squash, carrots, etc) only $7!!

I chose to go for the Steak & Rice Bowl (which includes a fried egg). The mix of veggies, rice, and steak was so good! I like that I could choose to add soy sauce, fish sauce, salt, and siracha on my own. The steak was so tender, not at all dry, and still hot! Perfect! 

Atmosphere was pleasant, not at all loud, but enough that no one else can clearly hear what you say. I sat at the bar with my friend and made pleasant conversation with the bar tender.

Great experience! Will come back for dinner soon!
Hands down the best happy hour you're going to get in the city when it comes to quality, quantity & bang for your buck. *****7 days a week 4-7pm****

I got there at 5:10 on a Wednesday & was able to get the last open table (it's first come first serve style on the 2nd floor for happy hour) Once we sat ourselves we realized not one other table got up in that happy hour frame time... so seating is a little difficult. Our server was wonderful and the food came out extremely quick for how packed it was. 

The happy hour deals were insane & delicious!

DRINKS
$4 hour wines, beer, sake & featured cocktail of the day (happened to be vodka lemonade that day)
Then they have their $9 cocktails (double knot punch, 2 lovers knot, sailors hitch, jungle bird slip, monkeys first)

FOOD
- all rolls $4 (shrimp tempura is delicious... ask for side of the special sauce) 
- $3 robatayki
- $4 wraps and more (pork bao bun amazing)
- $4 crispy spring rolls, wings, rangoons 
- $4 dumplings (edamame are great super flavorful and soft)
- $4 sides (Kim chee fried rice with shrimp and sunny side egg was so so good and HUGE good have taken some home)
..... so many other options within this list.

The two of us had 3 drinks, 2 shrimp tempura rolls, 1 pork bun, 1 edamame dumpling, 1 kim chee fried rice and it was plenty between the 2 of us and all for $33....

If you can manage your way to get here early or scoop out a spot it's truly the best HH I've had or found.
Bartender was the most attentive I've ever had. After a really long Saturday at work I appreciated the service. He made me a 1-of-a-kind drink that was the most delicious thing I ever had but too many ingredients to remember. I was just happy to sit at the bar and have a minute to decompress. 

I had been to Double Knot before for happy hour, where seating is first come first served. Apparently there are other levels to the restaurant, only been on the main one. You can get small sharable plates that are suprisingly filling. I haven't eaten very many things there but all that I've had I've enjoyed. Obviously if you have fish allergies be careful on what you order. I think it would be a good date night because the seating offers intimate nooks and the environment is very low lit but the decor is a nice mix of billowy warmth and flair.
This place impressed me so much that I came twice within a week - once during the day to enjoy a cup of coffee, and once for happy hour.

First of all, the location is perfect. The street is so busy with shops and other eateries, and to be honest I first came here to kill time over caffeine while waiting that ridiculous wait at Green Eggs Cafe down the street. Great decision because as soon as you step into the place, the atmosphere is absolutely perfect. It makes you want to spend all day there. They have everything from your basic cup of coffee for $2.50 to fancier, $6+ options. I tried both; both were good (although I'm not a coffee snob). 

Came here for HH on a Friday night, around 6:30 (ends at 7pm). The place was pretty busy, but with only 2 people we got lucky and nabbed a table. You order tapas style with most HH dishes $4 (drink prices vary). They had some really unique drinks/speciality drinks, and the dishes were very contemporary Asian/Asian fusion. I loved the brussel sprouts (I usually don't) - but really all the dishes were amazing. Would definitely come back, I'm "knot" kidding you (ok I'm done).
Double Knot continues to be a fantastic establishment that serves a great variety of fantastic dishes. The atmosphere is very nice and it is a large space with a top floor bar and an downstairs restaurant.

I usually order some skewers and either fried rice or mushroom noodles, but whatever I order I know is going to be great.

I like this spot also because it is upscale but clean and you can order here feeling healthy and that you are eating a nutritious meal.

I highly recommend Double Knot for a night out.
The lunch special here is a great deal at $7 bucks.  You can either get a banh mi, noodles, or rice with whatever protein (pork, shrimp, etc.).  

I ordered the pork noodles and the portion is pretty good for a hungry guy.  There were pickled daikon and carrots and had some mild fish sauce sauce.  Would've liked if there was more pork, but would come back to try out the other options.
Enjoyed this place very much. The atmosphere downstairs really reminds me of Japan at night. The service was great. Our waiter was attentive but not over bearing. I recommend the tasting menu. You get to try so much!! Some of the highlights that I really enjoyed was the Kobe beef, cod fried rice, and the bronzino. I think I would've loved the bimibop too but I thought the duck was a little dry. The drinks was also amazing. I will definitely be back to try other items on the menu as well.
Went for lunch ! The protein  Starch  bowls are crazy good and only $7. How do you beat that! I had cold rice noodles with tofu. It was great! Friends had the grilled pork and rice noodles . Great dressing. Beautiful space. The restaurant down stairs is stunning. I can't wait to try it. Amazing concept! Like Sampan but cooler. The ice coffee was disappointing . Supposed to be nitro cold brew. My opinion was no way nitro. Not rich enough . Despite that I still give a t my highest recommendation. I'm bummed I haven't been here sooner but the lines can be very long.
I always enjoy dining and going to happy hour at this spot. It's always busy and packed with people and it is a small restaurant connected to Sampan. So be prepared to walk into a jam-packed restaurant, be prepared to fight for a seat at the bar, you will have to wait a few minutes to get a seat depending on the waitlist, and you probably will be seated very very closely to others. So save those private convos for a diff place! 

Excellent service and food/drinks come out quickly and are delicious!
I'm back at it again with that yelp review! 

A group of my girlfriends and I stopped by around 5pm for happy hour/power hour. When we first walked in every single table was occupied. Every. Single. Table. to add salt to my hungry stomach, there was a line of 5 or 6 people. Out of desperation,  i went out and checked both sampan and graffiti bar. they were no-goes and so i headed back and put my hangry woes behind me. 

I have to say I'm a queen at the "first come, first serve" - maybe it's the fact that i'm 5 ft and can pretty much sneak into any place, but after 3 minutes of waiting - i saw a family get up and politely asked if i could grab their table.  

not going to lie - their happy hour is pretty great. 
we ended up getting lots of house cocktails and an order of kim chi fried rice, beef chow fun, hot chicken bao, tuna tataki, salmon and avocado maki roll, shrimp tempura roll, short ribs skewers, chicken wings, dumplings and the rice crispy ice cream. 

All of it, ended up costing less than $20 a person. What. a. Deal. 

while the food was so tasty -- i'm a big of fan of their quick turnover. it seemed everyone was seated at a reasonable time, so there's less waiting and more drinking!
Four of us checked out Double Knot on a Friday around 5:45. It was crowded and we weren't sure how seating worked but a hostess and host were super helpful
and assisted us in snagging a table for happy hour pretty much immediately. 

We got a few featured (and other) cocktails which were delish, and split lots of happy hour small plates. For spending 30 bucks on food (per two of us) I was pleasantly full and thrilled I got to try so many different things. If you come to happy hour wanting meals/entrees, you won't, so stick to the full menu and non-bar area for that. They were out of veggie dumplings but the edamame ones were great. Lots of options for vegetarians which was a pleasant surprise.

I'd be here a lot if I was a local, for sure. Staff were super friendly and attentive and the deals can't be beat.
This review is for cocktails and apps only.  Went here with 3 of my girl friends before we went to dinner with a large group around the block.  Arrived around 7 and it was bumpin! Luckily, a group sitting by the bookshelf left and we were able to grab a seat.  The decor is awesome, very dark and homey feel.

First started with the ming mule - it was normal - wish it had more lychee.  Then switched to the Bimini Twist, which is basically 3 shots of vodka - then they give you a fresh grapefruit which you can squeeze or the server squeezes into a press, and you pour it into the vodka - AMAZING!  The grapefruit was amazingly ripe and was the perfect addition to the vodka (beware you will be a little tipsy after)!

We also split the edamame dumplings - delicious.  If we weren't heading to dinner, definitely would have ordered another order!

I 100% will be returning for dinner!
I made a reservation for a date night at 7pm on opentable. I got to the restaurant around 7:15. Let me tell you, dear people of Philly. I couldn't even find this place! This restaurant was so hidden I thought it was the hidden alley like in Harry Potter,
Ya feel? Literally the sign was so small. 

The hostess was like super rude. First off, at the entrance, there was no host. This person was all the way on the other side of the restaurant standing there quietly and im standing at the door wondering what to do. Anyways, we got seated in this awkward side by side table. Kinda cramped a little bit tight.

We got the chefs 10 course tasting menu. The ceviche was somewhat good, since I've been to Peru and had real ceviche. The salmon was interesting and also really good. The swordfish was by far hands down the best course. It was soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. The mayo sauce was really good to use as dipping. The beef tataki was alright. The middle two dishes were fried tofu and shisito peppers. They gave a big portion for vegetables. It was tasty and cooked in a unique flavorful. The pork belly was super tender with the meat falling apart but it felt salty. The scallop had a meaty texture to it. Lastly, the sorbet and mochi were nothing amazing.

For 75$ a person after tax and tip, it was nothing that was a home run for me. Considering service, price, seating arrangement and food quality, just an okay place for me.
I've only been to double knot during happy hour, so I can only comment on that food and those happy hour drinks. But from what I can see, it's one of the best happy hour menus in the city, especially when you consider drink/ food quality and variety. It's also wayyy better than sips! First, it's literally every day of the week from 4pm-7pm. You have all drink options from wine, beer, cocktails and sake on the HH menu. I went on a Sunday because my friend and I literally wanted to take advantage of the full three hours to be able to try everything. 

It was definitely worth the experience, but im pretty annoyed with the restaurant and my first experience.  My main complaint is that the food came out extremely slow! Extremely, extremely slow. I didn't think we could spend the full three hours there, but we actually did just because the food came out really slow. We ended up just eating our dinner during HH. Not sure if the slowness was just a weekend thing but our waiter was sorry about it and explained to us that the waiters can't talk to the chef so it's just a matter of waiting for the food to come out of the kitchen whenever it does. But because of all the confusion our waitress put in multiple orders of things and we ended up getting charged more for extra dishes were never ate. I didn't figure it out until we had already paid ,so I'm pretty freaking annoyed but just make sure you double check your receipts!!! 

Other than the slow food service, the drinks and food tasted really good! First, my favorite drink was the jungle bird slip. It was really really good! Not too sweet and just a great drink for the HH price. I'd definitely order it again but not for the full price. My favorite foods were the Brussels spouts (great, but definitely on the saltier side/too much soy sauce), edamame dumplings, and sushi. First, the sushi is really good quality sushi for the price. I'd Definitely order sushi every night if I lived closer. The edamame dumplings are also really good and just very different than anything I've ever had in an upscale Asian place. The broth is delicious and I love truffle and that really comes out in the flavor of the dish. But a warning, there's definitely lots of MSG in their food if that's something you worry about. Overall, those were my favorite and most unique dishes of the night. A lot of the other dishes I tried were similar to Asian dishes you could really get in a lot of other Chinese/Asian restaurants in the city or in Chinatown. I'd go back just for an omakase though, because the sushi was really very good quality and very fresh fish! 

Overall, a great HH deal, but poor service/speed of food delivery. I also really don't appreciate having to pay more for dishes I never ordered due to confusion and poor service.
