[624]

This diner is located in Reading Terminal Market and confidently opens for breakfast before the terminal opens.  

Stopping in on a Saturday morning for breakfast before our road trip and was pleasantly greeted by the staff.  

Our food was brought out quickly and to order.   We ate all our food and had no complaints 

Kid had scrambled eggs which he loved.  I had scrambled eggs w home fries which I also enjoyed.  Loved the chunks of fresh potatoes.   Hubby had eggs and steel cut oatmeal which he enjoyed.

They have a counter where you can order and eat which is really cool.  

Not sure about the lunch menu but we definitely enjoyed our breakfast 

I'll definitely be back
WTF is a scrapple?! 
a scrapple is a cornmeal mush made with the meat and broth of pork, seasoned with onions, spices and herbs and shaped into loaves for slicing and frying." the word, scrapple originates from "scrap" or "scrappy" meaning made up of odds and ends for that's exactly what it is--boiled, ground leftover pig scraps with cornmeal and spices thrown in.

USUALLY... i would never eat such a thing. i like hot dogs and spam.... but partly because i choose not to hear what they are actually made of. therefore- i didn't really know what a scrapple was until the aftermath of really enjoying it at Down Home Diner. everyone told me i had to try it. you know what? it was delicious! the apple home fries is quite a weird combo in my opinion... it's probably because i don't like sweet things cooked with savory/strong components. in this case... they were cooked with onions. yuck. 

the service wasn't too bad and our waitress was very informative and funny. i loved her. this is a good place to just sit down, have some scrapple and eggs... and get your day started. it's definitely a nice start to your tour in The Reading Terminal Market.
Walked in, walked out.
Crowded, poor service, mediocre food.

But it is convenient when you just NEED to sit down in RTM.

Asked for water several times.
Tripped over strollers.

Not a fun experience at all. (Which is a shame because I LOVE Jack McDavid - not sure if he still has a hand in this biz,)
When I arrive back in Philly, I have to food shop of course so usually my first stop is the Reading Terminal Market where I load up on fruits, veggies, and other staples.  Often then my first meal out is also in the Reading Terminal Market and this time I stopped by the Down Home Diner inside the Market.  This establishment has been here forever or I have no memory of the Reading Terminal Market without it.  It's not fancy - even by diner standards - but it is popular and serves up some hearty dishes.  This time I opted for their Brunswick Stew.  The origins of this traditional stew are often debated but I wasn't there to debate where the first Brunswick stew came from ... just to eat it.  With the addition of a little hot sauce, it hit the spot.
I do not relish giving any establishment one star but this place went out of its way to get it. My wife and I were in philly this morning near Reading Terminal and wanted to grab some breakfast. The Down Home Diner did not look bad at first glance.

We sat at the counter, and our waitress was not very welcoming. We ordered water and coffee to start and that took about 10 mins to get to us. The coffee was just bad. That was our first warning sign.  

Shortly after we placed or food orders. I would say what we ordered but since we left before it came it does not matter. We spent the next few moments watching as all the waitstaff handled money, trash, and food without washing their hands out all. Then as we looked into the kitchen we saw the cooks doing the same exact thing.  They were handling raw meat and eggs without any gloves or washing their hands. At that point, my wife and I canceled our orders and left. Watch out for this place.  They are going to get someone sick make sure it's not you.
We were here on a Saturday morning around 10am. This restaurant is located in the Reading terminal market. I had a couple of restaurants in my list : one for Scrapple and the other for roast pork sandwich. I was lucky to try them both. Scrapple is a local Philly food made of all the scraps of a pig. It does not sound enticing but when cooked right it's extremely delicious. I had scrapple from Down Home Diner. This place is pretty crowded. I waited in line for 15 mins to get seated. I finally got my scrapple after 30 mins wait. Although people like it with maple syrup I personally prefer the ketchup. Roast pork sandwich at Dinic's sandwich place was really good too. 

They also have so many other regular breakfast options such as eggs, bacon, pancakes, French toast and fruits. Service was phenomenal. Although it was pretty crowded the sever made a great effort in checking with time to time. I would definitely recommend you to try out their Scrapple if you done so yet. Love their scrapple t-shirt.
Don't take the fact that I only give it 3 stars as a sign that I am saying it is not good. The 3 stars is more of a reflection on the poor rating system rather than it being just average in terms of food. It is pretty good. The food was above average. The prices were reasonable.
Check out the menu. It is kind of an old school themed diner with a Southern twist. Many of those diners are more so in theme and decor than anything else. Down Home Diner is consistent with the theme even in the menu. 
http://philadelphia.menupages.com/restaurants/down-home-diner/menu
I give it 3 stars but only because the rating system stinks! I wish it had 10 stars and also had buttons you could click on for ambiance, food, decor and service it would help. Anyway the young man who served us was  one of the most wholesome looking kids I have ever seen!
We took this hill billy from Albany ,you know how they are! He loved it! 
I had the bamyard fresh eggs scrambled with country bacon, fresh ripe tomatoes & local cheese. My husband had the  Philadelphia Scrapple, bottomless 200 mile coffee  and bottomless 200 mile coffee.
It is certainly worth a try the bacon was really good and everything was really fresh. We only had breakfast there so I can't comment on lunch. We we have been by for lunch there was always  a line but we did not encounter that with breakfast.
I sat down to eat before I saw the ratings on this place but I'm glad I did because my experience was pretty great!  I sat at the counter and was immediately greeted in a friendly manner.  I ordered my seltzer and cheesesteak and received everything quickly.

My meal was very satisfying.  The fries were excellent (although I would have preferred a larger order) and the cheese steak was cheesy and oniony, just the way I like it.  Also, the roll they used was delicious!  

Plus, the whole shebang set me back less than $11.  Can't beat that with a stick!  I'm a fan.
This diner reminds you of a quintessential diner in the city. Located in the corner of Philly's well known Reading Terminal market, this place is a hidden gem. This diner is spacious and quaint.

I had the oatmeal pancakes with the maple syrup. The pancakes were rich and hearty. The pancakes were light and fluffy, and not gritty like oatmeal pancakes can be at times. The maple syrup wish sweet & rich, made me think there was a maple tree outback where it was gotten. The bacon I had with the pancakes were ok, but I was disappointed that they didn't have the thick cut bacon that was on the menu. Despite that, I appreciated the waiter informing me of such before I ordered.

The food and ambiance was great! I loved the homey environment and atmosphere. This place is somewhere I must try to go.
A very quick, or maybe not so quick, description of this Delco guy's Sunday morning visit to Reading Terminal today...

Had to be in the city for an 8 am appointment for the wife.  After said appointment, decided to take advantage of the fact that the wife and I rarely get to be in the city this early.  Decide to find a spot for breakfast we haven't been to before.  

Driving into Center City, it comes to me that we need to go to Reading Terminal.  In my world, you take any chance you can get to go to Reading Terminal.  It was 9 am, so it just opened.  And no traffic in the city, getting there was a breeze.  

Find street parking right across the street from the entrance on 12th St.  Oh yeah, this was a great idea!

Walk in, and despite half the vendors being closed on a Sunday morning, enough vendors are open to make it interesting, and not many lines.  Oh yes, this was an awesome idea!  

As we are walking around looking for our place to eat, knowing the wife and I both enjoy diners, it comes to me... hey, there's a diner here.  Let's give that a shot.  It has to be good since it's in Reading Terminal, right?  So we go off toward the Down Home Diner.

As we're walking over, it occurs to me to pull up the Yelp app on the phone and check the reviews.  As I'm doing this, we get to the front of the diner and ask to be seated.  I see a crowd of people here.  It has to be good.  

As we're walking to the table, the reviews come up on my phone.  And then I see it....

2 1/2 stars from over 80 reviewers... oh crap!  

Now, this isn't just some random reviewers dragging a place down that doesn't have many reviews to begin with.  If you have over 80 reviews, you've gotten two and a half stars by merit.  

Well, I could have walked out.  But, as I read the reviews, I saw that some like this place.  And I saw others seemingly happy with their meals.  I decided to stick it out to see what I get.  After all, it's just breakfast.  How hard is that to screw up?  

Gang, I should have listened to you all.  

I didn't take into account the tourist factor, and that tourists are generally happy with anything that looks like it is unique close to their hotel.  That's what seems to keep this place in business.  

Fact is, I believe that if this place wasn't in Reading Terminal, if it was just in some strip mall in the suburbs, it would fail in 6 months.  It benefits from a lot of out of town folks only there for a short time who see the neon signs and don't know better, or from some wandering suburban folk who have always heard the name and figured it was good (like me).  

Now, here's what we got for breakfast: The wife had a Bacon & Tomato Scram With Cheese, and I had the Corn Hoe Cakes With Turkey Sausage and a side of eggs.  Now, it actually wasn't terrible.  I mean it was edible.  It's just that neither of us felt that we were eating anything really good.  

Bottom line, I could have made this food at home (and made it better). 

Case in point... they serve these mushy apples with the omelet along with the home fries.  The menu says nothing about these apples.  Quite honestly, they don't look even the least bit appetizing.  It shouldn't be on the plate.  The wife didn't like them a little bit.  (Really, if the owner of this establishment even bothers paying attention to these reviews, this needs to be heard... stop making these cooked apples at once, and figure something else out to serve.  They look embarrassing.  You should be embarrassed to serve this in Reading Terminal.)  She was OK with the omelet, and the home fries were basic and average.  

Now, my Corn Hoe Cakes , I thought that maybe I'd get something a little more special out of it.  When they came to me, they looked big and hearty, although the side of two eggs wound up being skimpy and did not even look close to two eggs. (And again, to the owner, it's probably not a good idea to serve the skimpy egg portion on a huge regular plate either. Get a smaller plate for them which makes it easier to maneuver on the table too. I mean, I'm not even a restaurant owner, and I have to tell you these things?  It made the already skimpy portion look miniscule.)

The Hoe Cakes would up being just OK.  A little chewy, not a whole lot of corn flavor, and in the end I felt like I was eating regular old pancakes (and not great ones either).  I was OK with the sausage and eggs.  

Also, advertising fresh orange and grapefruit juice on the menu, and then openly pouring grapefruit juice out of a Dole can and orange juice out of a plastic container to serve, it's kind of insulting.  It's like peeing on my shoes and telling me it is raining. 

Oh yeah, weak coffee too. 200 Mile Coffee my foot!  It wasn't even good enough for 200 inches.  I had to go to Olde City Coffee after just to feel better.

People here are speculating if Jack McDavid has anything to do with this place anymore.  I'll say that if he does, he should be ashamed. 

Next time, fellow Yelpers, I'll listen to you!
The only good things about this dinner were the service and no loud music. The waiter was very nice and he did an excellent job. The food however was bad. We ordered the Mac and cheese and it was clear that it was heated up in the microwave fast and some parts were hot some cold. The home fries were not cooked fully and were hard to bite on.  These are some examples.
It's been a long time since this was a go to place. The concept is great. What happened.? It used to be a place that catered to people who worked and shopped at the market. It's turned into a breakfast lunch tourist place to accommodate the convention center. The last two times were an embarrassment. No one thing was better then meh and to say I was disappointed would be putting so mildly. I remember the days when Jack McDavid was behind the grill cranking out the food. It rocked. I can't believe he has let it fall so far.
I didn't check Yelp before stopping in a this place because I was in a rush and wanted a quick breakfast. I've learned my lesson.

To be honest, it wasn't god awful, but I've had way better diner food at plenty of places at a comparable cost. I will say that the coffee is delicious (it could have been the sweetener they have though)- but for 2.29 a cup- they're reaching with that. 

The food was meh to ok, but I wouldn't bother coming back when a sandwich off a food truck has more flavor and less cost.  I had the poach with scrapple, two poached eggs on a piece of scrapple. It came out lukewarm though I was sitting at the counter and they basically make it right in front of you. You get bread with it, I chose wheat toast, and they stick it, with their bare hands (YUCK YUCK YUCK) in the crappy toaster they have and leave the barely toasted bread out to get cold and catch flies. It comes with a tiny scoop of fruit, which is a nice touch I guess... For $4.99, which I don't consider a cheap price to get at least okay breakfast food, they could have done better.

Would I be back? Nope. Would I suggest? Nope, unless you prefer meh diner food.
I haven't been here in years. Truth be told they were never my favorite diner. But a friend wanted to eat there so I obliged. 

And I have to say my opinion of them improved a little. 

I gave the fried chicken a shot. It had a good crisp and really juicy. It came with a biscuit and gravy where the biscuit was nice and soft and the gravy was hearty if not too flavorful. 

I mean, nothing overwhelmed me. But it was decent enough. And the price was right at under 10 bucks for the plate. So no major complaints here. 

There are so many other places I'd personally choose in the market over this. But I will no longer turn up my nose at the diner.
Worst service ever. I left after being walked past and ignored for 10+ minutes. After seeing the reviews, I'm glad I dodged that bullet.
YUCK! YUCK! YUCK! Ordered their chicken salad and it has got to be one of the most disgusting things I've ever eaten. Okay, so the salad had a bunch of mushy tomatoes, so i asked the waitress if she could bring me out another plate of sliced tomatoes. Her response, "Yeah... I can check, but most of our tomatoes are really old." Barf.
Philadelphia Yelp, I'm so disappointed. There should be some mechanism in place to keep visiting Yelpers away from this place, something like a Greek chorus. It should pop up via a hologram right inside the door, singing about how diners should beware instead of throwing themselves upon the rocks of terrible food. 

I will admit that I was a little wigged out by the reviews of my old favorite, the Midtown II. I thought, "Maybe my beloved Midtown II has gone downhill since I lived in Philly. Maybe I shouldn't take my sweet lover to a bad restaurant." AH HAHAHAHAHAHA. No. In my fear of taking my lover to have a bad meal, I took him to have a bad meal. 

The fact that the diner was completely empty at dinner hour should be a tip. 
Second tip: the kitchen had the griddle turned off halfway through dinner hours. 
Third tip: the server was deep in a Russian novel, and she admitted to just starting it two hours ago. (I asked. I like Russian novels, okay?) 

Not to belabor this point, but Yelp, it was bad. My partner ordered the only good thing on the menu. He got the seasonal vegetable salad, which had this lovely warm dressing and fresh squash mixed in with the usual salad fixings. Even the coke was flat and a little weak. Ouch. 

No point hammering on about a bad meal. I'm sad we ate here when the city has better to offer. 

Accessibility notes: no Braille menu or signage. Plenty of space for mobility devices. Can get loud during peak market hours.
Business travelers take note: this place DOES NOT accept AMEX. 

I would happily have taken the extra time on my expense report that is required to submit out of pocket receipt for this place if it was any good, but alas it was really just bad. 

Coffee served was watery and no milk/creamer was present or ever offered. I got a mushrooms and spinach scramble and ended picking around both as neither of them tasted quite right. The "fresh" orange juice was "freshly" prepared from concentrate. I mean listen, I know that this place is supposed to be a cheap, local style diner but there was just absolutely zero effort there. I mean my menu looked like it hadn't been replaced in 20 years, it was so faded and covered in coffee stains I couldn't even read some of the items on it... never a good sign. 

My advice, spend an extra $5 to go somewhere that puts in even a modest amount of effort.
It's a Diner.
I don't expect a ton from diners.
My main gripe about this place is that because it's kind of famous, you tend to have to stand in line to get seated. The staff moves people in as quickly as possible, but it's still a noticeable wait.
The food is average diner food, in my opinion. The poached eggs I had were good, not too vinigerey, and the prices of things were definitely fair.
Good place to stop for cheap breakfast in center city, where lots of other brunch places are suuuuper overpriced.
Down Home Diner is the first level of Hell in Dante's inferno.  It lulls you into thinking it will be quaint, but it is just slop.

Where to start?  How about the stupid outfits the waitresses wear? (See Nicole R's review) And speaking of the waitstaff--why do I need to stand for 5 minutes while they buzz past me and my party like we aren't standing there and there aren't 3 open tables?  Then why do they seat us but not give us MENUs, water, or silverware?  Then why, once we finally order, is ALL OF OUR FOOD BURNED?!?!?!?! Does Satan work in the kitchen?  Really? I feel his culinary talents would be so superior to this dull, mushy, burned yet undercooked food.  (really? do you need to burn my OMELET?)  Why did I have to wait 5 minutes to pay my bill while the woman-who could clearly saw me-wiped down the counter and cleared plates (something 2 other waitresses were also doing)?

Oh I know, it's because the entire meal for 4 people was $22 including tip.
This is a place for tourists; they admit to not getting many locals there and if there is a big even across in the convention center their prices will be more money.  My friend went in once and when he ordered scrapple, the waitress was like "oh you're from Philly--sorry for our prices they are a bit higher with the flower show". 

Their new Sunday brunch menu is NOT cooked to order.  Imagine my shock with the Creamed Chip Beef and Eggs I ordered took 3 minutes to get to my table.  Especially since it took like 10 minutes to even get my order in.

That said, when you ARE able to get stuff cooked to order, it's very good.  Scrabble is fresh, the creamed chipped beef is ok.  Their biscuits and stuff is yummm. 

I still only go when I'm too lazy to walk too far from the Regional Rail, or on a Sunday when all the amish shoppes in the Market are closed.
Well that was not good. I used to come here to get my fix of Southern Food back when I was in college here in Philly. It was awesome. But those days are gone. 
I ordered the Special, Scotch Eggs. They were over cooked. Hard as rocks. And cold. Really? The manager stopped by to ask how my eggs were with a smile on his face and I told him not so great. He said he noticed but shrugged. Asked if he could do anything else for me. I asked for more coffee and the water I never got. All with a smile on my face because I just find it better to interact that way. I got that but nothing else. He seemed indifferent to the fact my breakfast was awful. 
To top it off, my waitress was nearly nonexistent but I did catch her smash down the trash with her bare hands right in front of me, rub her nose, flick her hair, and then go make toast and place biscuits on plates. I've been here at the counter 30 minutes and she still hasn't cleaned her hands that were in the GARBAGE! 
Never coming back. 
And not that I was looking for a free breakfast but I didn't. Oh well.
This is a fun little place inside Reading Market, they have the standard diner menu.

It is a great place to get breakfast in the morning or during the day. Everything is good but nothing to write home about.

The best part of the place is its location, come in the morning and enjoy!
OMG! BACON!

This place knows how to serve southern style bacon!  Just what a girl whose mama, born in Raleigh, NC, swears by the bacon grease on everything could possibly want!

The burgers are down home juicy goodness as well as the lemonade and sandwiches.

I had the BLT. 'Nuff said.
I really want to like this place, as they're in the Reading Terminal Market and source much of their ingredients from the market. Unfortunately, the service is poor, and the preparation of the food equally poor. It's a shame for such a good location, but I've been there several times, and the food and service have been consistently underwhelming.
Coming from the "land of diners", New Jersey, I was looking for something to grab egg whites at and sit down, for cheap pricing.  Right down the block from my hotel, I decided to go on in.  

The market is packed.  Seating at a booth wasn't an option so I sat up at the counter.  I sat between a couple, and a single guy.  One was a local, and the couple was in town for the art show I was going to.  So a good conversation was had.

The food was decent.  Cooked the way I ordered it.  Waitress was good, even though I had been talking for so long, she thought that I was done eating LOL!
I was surprised to see how low the overall reviews are for this place!  I think it's important to rate a diner among other diners, not among all other restaurants.  Or maybe we just had dishes that were more successful than the ones in the other reviews.  Let's see.

I had eggs and toast, with home fries and fruit.  I also had a biscuit on the side.  My DC had the turkey dinner.  I wouldn't say my food was the best thing I've ever eaten, but there really wasn't anything wrong with it.  My DC was very pleased with his food.  He said that the mashed potatoes tasted like something he would make at home, which I took to be a compliment.  

Service was just fine and the prices were too.  Yes, the biscuit was too crunchy, but I'm not going to give a scathing review for the little things.  It's a familiar place in a huge market full of craziness, and I enjoy it.  :)
What a great little diner in the middle of the convention center.  It's nice to have reasonable priced food, rather than $15 for a bowl of oatmeal at the local hotels.  Good food, great service and cool local vibe. I would totally eat here again.
Maybe I'm just lucky.

Contrary to a lot of other experiences posted here, the times I've visited DHD have been all very satisfying.  I never had any issues with the service and the food we ordered came out just fine. 

In my most recent visit I gave the cheesesteak a try.  Obviously it's not "Philly's best" as named, but it tasted fine to me.  I wouldn't say it's the best I had by any stretch but it still was good and I also thought they served some pretty good fries with it.  An order of slaw on the side was also a nice compliment though I have to agree with others that their sides seemed a bit overpriced given how little is actually served.

My lady got the breakfast burrito and she was happy with her dish too.  Our server was pretty attentive and checked on us frequently, even though the place was kind of busy for a Saturday lunch.  

Personally I'd come back again and maybe I just lucked out when it comes to my overall experience.  Keep in mind I'm giving this place a rounded up 4 stars (from 3.5) in relation to other diners I've tried in the past.  I most certainly wouldn't compare this place to a fine dining establishment, but for what it does, it does just fine.
This is possibly be the WORST food I have ever had in America and I come to America on a yearly basis. 
I only came here because the Dutch eating place was closed and they make an amazing chicken and dumpling soup, so we went here and I saw that they had chicken and dumpling soup. Because it's fucking cold. We sat down and there's no one in this place and it takes them ages to make us our food. 
After waiting and waiting our server brings out our meal it looks appealing. But it wasn't. All the vegetables weren't cooked all the way through, the chicken was really gross and tough to chew on and the dumplings were very dry and tasted weird. I had to add a shit load of salt which I normally don't do but I did just to eat it. My husband got some chicken wrap which he said the tomato was really soggy and had a refrigerator taste about it. I'm going to avoid this place next time like the clap.
The food is good. Not great, but very good, especially breakfast. Prices are quite reasonable, given the area.

HOWEVER!!!!!!!!!!!!

The service is all but nonexistent. Twice we went there. Twice we waited ages just to be greeted. Twice we waited in limbo for both drinks and refills. Twice we waited endlessly for our food to arrive. And twice we languished as we waited to even have the chance to ask for the check.

The place is consistently underfilled.

There shall be no thrice for us. 

What shall we tell the God of the Down Home Diner the next time hunger calls?

"...not today."
This place sells "Eat More Scrapple" t-shirts that have the scrapple recipe and history on the back.  That alone merits multiple stars.  I bought one for my West Coast friends who don't believe I actually eat the stuff.

Breakfast is the best option here. The scrapple was actually not my favorite; believe it or not, not all scrapples are equal and I prefer mine to be spicier.  But breakfast was pretty good and portions are big (if you're into that).
The people pu-pu-ing this place need to remember, you shouldn't go to a place called "Down Home Diner" and expect Haute cuisine. I've gone to this place off and on since I was a kid, and their food has always been solid and tasty. I especially recommend the Sawmill Gravy and Biscuits. 

(Although I do agree that the uniforms; a fairly recent development, are ridiculous.)
Simple food. Had the country benny which is basically biscuits and gravy. Gravy was good. Corned beef hash was nice. Everything was cooked correctly, my over easy was perfect. 

Coffee was coffee though. I love good coffee, this was not good coffee. It was made with a minimum ammount of poor quality beans. 

The server was nice and attentive, all in all a good breakfast.
Good prices. Fast service. Food is OK. I had corned beef with two eggs over easy. The corned beef wasn't to my liking. Good for groups. In the Reading Terminal which is something to see.
This was a perfect (in terms of location) place to stop for breakfast while waiting for our Greyhound. We were lucky with our waitress who was really sweet and quick with everything- she was clearly hustling more than her co-workers. 

Decent coffee, decent omlette. 

I wouldn't make this a destination, but it was perfect for a quick breakfast in walking distance.
This place is under-rated. It's the "Down Home" Diner, not the Ritz Carlton. It matches the Reading Terminal Market perfectly. Good farm fresh food in the middle of a city food hotspot.  Go expecting great Grilled Cheese, Biscuits and Gravy, Collard Greens, Fried Chicken, and...yes...Scrapple.  I've never had a problem with the service and I've never been there when they weren't very busy.  The recent remodel with the addition of the cleanest public restroom I have ever seen, is a welcome plus.
Straight up: simple diner food. No surprises, no jokes - just like the movies or TV. Stuff here comes greasy, cheesy and with a side of pork. 

The GOOD: Get in, get out, get on with your life. I asked what was popular this morning, and - interestingly enough, the Philly steak scramble. As a tourist to this town, I found that slightly shocking. With all the happy cops dining here, I figured locals would be eating something less - touristy. Nonetheless, I tried it out. It reminded me of when I am at home, and I try to make an omelet, but it messes up when I try to fold it, then just mix it all up - BAM! Scramble. With some steak mixed it, oozing with cheese and sided with potatoes and... stewed apples? I don't know about the apples, but, they were there. 

The BAD: It's definitely not the most glamorous place - but, it's not trying to be. Period. Good diner food is all they are going for, and complaining about anything would just be ridiculous. It would be like being mad at McDonalds for using fat to fry their ... fries.

OVERALL: No wonder cops pack the booths up at this place... many of the workers have shirts that state, "I HEART BACON." It is, what it is.
Delicious food. My companions enjoyed the thick bacon slices and the in-house made strawberry jam. Had the egg whites and spinach--nice and healthy.
Stopped by here for breakfast while on a trip. Will come back next time I am in Philadelphia.
Don't believe the bad reviews. I've been here many times. This place is busy because it's good. The staff was working efficiently and the food came out fairly quickly.
The coffee was OK but a little weak for my taste. The bacon and tomato scramble is awesome, with fantastic homefry potatoes. I would come back just for the potatoes. I got a side of sausage which was very good and had a unique flavor. My girlfriend got the scrambled eggs with feta and bacon which was fantastic as well.
Overall we enjoyed it and it's always my first stop at the Reading terminal market!
Service is fine. This is more for the food. I choose this place because I wanted grits. The grits were mediocre as well as the food. In my opinion the food tastes sour, everything from the corned beef hash and grits to the biscuits had a real sour taste. I'll know within 24 hours if this was suppose to be.

Overall not impressed, skip it.
What a cute little retro spot for breakfast. I had the breakfast burrito with home fries and fresh squeezed oj. The waitress was precious, happy and helpful. Plenty of menu selections from pancakes to eggs any style. Delicious breakfast for $7.50... What a great way to begin my day!
This was the first place we stopped at when we arrived in Philly. The Reading Terminal Market was super overwhelming, so we played it safe with a quick diner breakfast before exploring the market. Eggs were great, bacon was greasy, potatoes were crisp, prices were cheap. What more could you ask for from a diner breakfast?!
Down Home Diner in The Reading Terminal really looks the part, with the bib overalls, the old fashioned decor, old jukebox etc, but the food and service is substandard and over priced. The only thing that keeps it from getting 2 stars is the Bacon! The Diner serves the best applewood smoked pork bacon this side of the Mason- Dixon. And that's what keeps me going. Typical visit: "Can I get you a menu? Me: bacon. "Excuse me"? Me: bacon "How do you like your eggs"? Me :bacon. "Would you like a cup of cof- Me:BACON!! Are you feeling me folks?
The first impression left a lot to be desired. Our server was also seating people. My husband and I asked about a dirty table for four. She said she'd clean it and we could sit there if we wanted. Then a group of 4 older people approached and she rudely told them there were no tables available (there was a two top). Chris and I gave them the 4 top and sat at the 2 top. They were so appreciative, but the server was mad! The food pretty much made up for it though. I got a delicious waffle with a ton of whipped cream. After I scraped off some of the cream I saw that the waffle had an imprint of the Liberty Bell. Pretty cool. The waffle itself was airy, and delicious! Hubby enjoyed his too and the service was super fast.
Stepped in this morning for breakfast at the counter. We ordered five different plates and everything was delicious. Enjoyed being there in marketplace. I particularly like the corn beef hash.
It's quite unfortunate that such a .. cute? homely? place is actually a horrid trap of an experience.

I stopped in here after the Philadephia 8k, half, and full marathon and did not have high expectations - I just wanted some food!!  Ordered a simple enough chicken sandwich, some fries.. no big deal.  My friend got a cobb salad, an omelette (we were kind of tripping over ourselves with hunger).

The chicken was so dry and flavorless, while the salad was wet and flavorless.. The tables were sticky, the service was.. horrible.  1 poor guy for at least 15 tables. It was an all around disappointment.  It would have been better to just eat some over the counter food inside the market.
Blech! With all of the great food in the Reading Terminal Market, don't bother with this diner. Apparently they don't use the same quality as the other wonderful food stores in the market.

Atmosphere - When you think Reading Terminal Market, many words spring to mind. Authentic. Mouthwatering. Comfort Food. The atmosphere is the bright spot of the restaurant, with it's country flair and 'farm fresh' appeal. Counter service is available, but a booth or table is good for the dinner crowd as well. Place has a cozy feel right next to the busy Convention Center.

Waitstaff - Waitresses were nice and recommended a booth instead of the counter. Nice to feel welcome when you're a new diner to a place. Brought out drinks quickly, but couldn't sub fries on a sandwich meal for a side of something is beyond me. I understand if there were twenty tables, but when there's four or five, you want to make an extra effort. 

Food - Highly, highly disappointing. Wife and I were excited to try the menu items. She loves breakfast and went with the French Toast with a side of bacon (a la carte = a la cheap). French Toast was undercooked, soggy, and buttery. Bacon was lukewarm like it had sat under a heat lamp for an hour or so. I went with the Grilled Cheese on Multigrain and fries. Grilled Cheese was very good, but fries cam in two kinds (shoestring and crinkle cut). All were well undercooked and had zero taste. Basically empty carbs with a sandwich. Didn't stick around for dessert either.

Intangibles - Ran out of the brewed tea during the dinner rush, IMHO, not a good sign during dinner. Only takes cash, no credit cards, so if you are going, plan ahead. May be a different atmosphere for breakfast, but we won't be checking it out.

Overall - The Down Home Diner does not feel like Home, and I am not Down with anything they served. They really need to bring up their game, unless they want to be known as the 'greasy spoon' of the Reading Terminal Market. Unless there's no other option, steer clear.
We chose the Down Home Diner because of our love for Diners and the many wonderful breakfasts they provide. This place was and all natural local farm grocery and restaurant next to each other within the Large facility. I enjoyed my meal... a Philly Cheesesteak Omelet with fried onions, steak & cheese. Also with cooked pear slices. I support local businesses. Great quality!
We were seated immediately at the counter and our orders were taken. however, our waiter did not check in on us and we watched as four different places sat under the heat lamp for 15 minutes. We waited a total of 40 minutes from when we ordered our basic breakfast plates of eggs and bacon and waited an additional 20 minutes for our check after our plates were taken away. The food was mostly tasteless. The coffee was burnt. As I sat and waited....and waited...I saw the cooks cross contaminate as they cooked and throw egg shells on the floor as they were making eggs. Two women waitresses continuously looked at the food under the hot lamp, but let it sit as the discussed something seemingly unrelated to their job. Save your time, money and patience and go to one of the other amazing restaurants in the terminal.
What a tourist trap! I have had much better at an IHOP! The menu says "Best Cheesesteak in Philly", I think that it should read "Best Cheesesteak within a five foot radius".

Why eat here when you have so many fantastic choices under the same roof? Please take my advice and explore all of the other wonderful places that Reading Terminal Market has to offer.
We saw the crowd and sat down before checking reviews. That was a mistake. The apple cinnamon french toast was dry and the potatoes were unevenly cooked. If you are reading this review don't be fooled by the crowd. Go somewhere else!
This diner is located in Reading Market and every time I've been here, it has been busy.  I practically feel sorry for the waitresses cause of the constant rush and the often nasty patrons who don't know how to wait.  The breakfast here is great, though often in small portions.  The corn beef hash is always delicious as well as the biscuits with sausage gravy, like down south.  Always try to hit this place at least once during my visit each time.
One star.  I would rate it zero stars if Yelp allowed it.  Completely inadequate service and food. Maybe it was because we arrived late on a Saturday night, but nevertheless it was a very bad dining experience.  I did not expect a four star dining experience, but I did expect decent, if not great food. We will not be back.

Despite the fact that the place was not all that busy, it took ten minutes for anyone to acknowledge our presence.  Menus were torn and food-stained.  Was told that they were out of mashed potatoes.   I made three separate food selections before the server admitted that almost everything comes with mashed potatoes and offered a substitution.

My companion and I both ordered meatloaf.  When it arrived, both servings were burnt black on the bottom.  I am especially upset that the cook must have known this, and still served it.  We sent both servings back.   After a long wait we got smaller, lukewarm portions.   My companion's meal had a piece of eggshell in it.  

The side orders of coleslaw and vegetables were done right, and I think that the meatloaf would have been quite tasty and satisfying under different circumstances.  

It was clear that they were running out of food. They should have closed for the evening or offered some kind of discount. 

Very disappointing.
Oh, don't be so hard on the DHD. Although the service does suck, it's worth it to see Dolores in her overalls! ;) I think that was her name, anyway. I have to say that I always enjoy my omelets here. I don't eat bacon, but it smells good. Their coffee is great and it comes in cute little mugs that say the Down Home Diner. They make a damned good grilled cheese, too, with Vermont Cheddar. Yum. The rest of the food I've had is mediocre, though; I really don't like their ketchup; and their home fries are too greasy. 

Also, they don't accept credit cards, so I'm not sure what those three "yes" votes are about. And it takes FOREVER for a waitress to come and ring you up. For.....ehhh.....ver.
This is my least favorite part about the Reading Terminal. I cannot stand the overly starchy, cubed home fried potatoes here, which seem to accompany everything.

As Nicole rightly pointed out, the poor staff here is forced to dress like '96 Gap meets 4H Gals at the county fair, and it's so, so demeaning. 

The prices are a bit high, and seriously, if you're here, you want some good, authentic food on a stool. The Down Home Diner looks welcoming from the outside, but it hardly lives up to its attraction.
Cyndy's Bottom Line:  Sad breakfast, friendly service.

I ordered the poached eggs with bacon and biscuit.
Eggs poached perfectly.  The bacon looked sad as if it was sitting around.  Biscuit ok, crumbly, nice and big.
The corned beef hash looked sad, old and gray.  
Coffee good served in big mugs.
Another in what should be my 'ridiculous uniform' list, Down Home has their employees don overalls and t-shirts that say 'Eat More Scrapple' (as cherie pointed out).  I got the five bean soup, which looked promising, but it turned out to be a meat soup with some beans in it.  The food here is definitely of the 'greasy spoon' variety-- big meat heavy breakfasts, lots of potatoes, that sort of thing.  While this is not my usual culinary preference, some times it's not a bad thing.  I also liked the Johnny Cash on the juke.
In town for a conference a couple of weeks ago and this was the first pick of people who were familiar with the area.  We had a great breakfast and I only wished I'd made it back for lunch.  
I had the corned beef hash with over medium eggs.  Very different from my other experiences but turned out I loved every bite.  Being in vacation mode when she asked if I wanted a short stack how could I resist!?!?  I went with the buttermilk version and I'll have to say some of the best pancakes I've had in a while.  Just the right thickness and texture.  
All this with a d cent cup of coffee made my first morning in Philly a great start.
If this place is "down home" I'm running away from this home!!

Nice servers but the food is lackluster! The Crab cake Sandwich is described as "Blue crab and more crab..."

My question is WHERE'S THE CRAB???

The wafer-thin amount of crab is laughable and the bread is mere supermarket sandwich bread!! Don't bother with this!
I was crabby after ordering this sandwich! 

Of all the places around, I will skip this next time!!
One star is too many for this place.  Started with the lukewarm coffee that looked like sludge. Dried out fried whiting (I know - what was I thinking), grits with no flavor, and potatoes that tasted like they were days old. Do yourself a favor and don't go. Your stomach will thank you.
Super convenient to my hotel, this was the only diner on the block.  I really liked the feel of the place, and was pleased when the waitress moved us to a booth when one opened up.  My companion recommended trying the scrapple as a regional delicacy...it was alright...fattier than breakfast sausage with a smoother texture, and porky flavor.  No complaints.  The gingerbread pancakes were not bad, though I didn't feel a need to finish them.  Unfortunately, once we were seated, our waitress was pretty neglectful, never bringing my juice and taking a good half hour to bring water.
There was a mouse running around the restaurant with a french fry in it's mouth!

I get that the place is in an indoor market. I get the place is located above a train station.

The truth is I'm always impressed with how CLEAN the entire Reading Terminal Market is. How this place could be the dirtiest in the market is beyond me.

To the food. I had the loaded baked potato soup. It was ok, but not superior. Not very thick and mostly broth and carrots. Not a single piece of potato in my bowl. My friend had a grilled cheese with tomato and bacon. It was what the doctor ordered for a hangover. Nothing much more.

I don't think I'd ever go back.
Back again and the service and food still stellar!  French toast was divine and all the other meals in the family were great!
This diner reminds you of a quintessential diner in the city. Located in the corner of Philly's well known Reading Terminal market, this place is a hidden gem. This diner is spacious and quaint.

I had the oatmeal pancakes with the maple syrup. The pancakes were rich and hearty. The pancakes were light and fluffy, and not gritty like oatmeal pancakes can be at times. The maple syrup wish sweet & rich, made me think there was a maple tree outback where it was gotten. The bacon I had with the pancakes were ok, but I was disappointed that they didn't have the thick cut bacon that was on the menu. Despite that, I appreciated the waiter informing me of such before I ordered.
FYI: They have a door that leads directly to them located under the bridge with all the rainbow lights if you don't wanna wander around reading terminal trying to look for them.

WHAT I GOT: Scram bowl

PROS: loved all the components of my dish, especially the potatoes and sausage bits. Everything was cooked pretty well and nothing was over or under done. It honestly tasted like a nice deconstructed breakfast burrito without and all the added sauces/condiments. But I squirted a bit of ketchup on there to give it an added tang. The portion size wasn't super big either so it was pretty manageable to eat all in one go.

CONS: It's diner food man. I don't know why I was expecting things so be like nicely seasoned but they weren't. Things were either bland or faired more on the salty side. Thank goodness for the ketchup. It actually gave the bowl some flavor. The portion sizes are also not your typical diner portion sizes. I mean yes, they're bigger than what you would get in some other philly restaurants but for the price you pay and the fact that they call themselves a diner, I'm expecting these portion sizes to be twice the size of my head. Also, they barely had menu options. Again, not what you would expect from some place that calls themselves a diner.
Decent breakfast. Nothing particularly special. It was described as using 'salty ham' and their materials talk up local producers but it tasted like just regular run of the mill store ham. I was also a little disappointed it seemed like grated orange cheddar and mostly on top rather than sliced cheese inside so it made it a little greasy. Overall it felt more like scrambled eggs with some ingredients mixed in rather than an omelet. Potatoes were ok. Didn't seem to be anything but potato--no onion, etc but we're well cooked. The biscuit was the most special part--with a wee homemade strawberry jam.

I would eat here again. I don't know that I would go out of my way to come here for breakfast but if I was in the neighborhood and hungry I wouldn't avoid it.
Stopped in here for a quick bite of breakfast. Service was awesome and quick. The food was just alright. I got scrambled eggs and hash browns with a biscuit on the side. The breakfast potatoes were really bland and could have used some seasoning. My eggs were a little bit runny, which I know some people enjoy. Their homemade biscuit was pretty good, a little bit dry.
I had some time to kill before my chinatown bus and took a seat at the diner bar area. It took me about 5 mins to flag down a menu. Then another period of time to flag down someone to take my order. My drink never came and i needed to flag someone down for that. Then after waiting 15 mins I inquired into my order- egg white scramble- and a few mins later someone came back to say my order was in. 

I'm not sure i'd want to do my job either if i had to wear those ridiculous overalls.

The person who sat next to me ordered the same thing I did 10 mins after me, and his food came out a few moments after mine. If this wasn't enough, i filled two napkins with this yellow liquid (oil or butter and water) that sogged down my plate. However the home fries were good and the price was right--6 bucks and change.

Reading terminal offers much better options.
I had the breakfast dish creamed chipped beef on a raft of today and a side of two scrambled eggs.  The food came out incredibly quickly! It tasted great and the service was good too.  I would definitely come here again.
I didn't expect much because of the location and the hectic pace but was still disappointed. The food we got was unappetizing and because they were out of some items, they substituted without approval. The quality and service has seemed to have gone down hill this year. Not sure what's up. Will avoid this place in the future. Note the waitress was pleasant, polite and working hard. Still tipped her because the problems seem to be in the back and in management, not with the servers.
It looks like there are two separate listings for Down Home Diner, but I don't get how they're different, and if they are, I hope I'm reviewing the right one. We came here in the evening when Reading Terminal Market was closed, and the entrance was on Filbert St, so that one.

Kitschy inside, but that was to be expected. Our server was nice enough, ran us through the specials. The boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger and fries as usual. I had a BLT on whole wheat. Both were edible, but I wouldn't go so far as to say tasty. The BLT had very clearly been waiting quite a while for the burger, as the toasted bread was completely cold and the bottom layer soaked through, while the boyfriend's burger was steaming and the bun still warm to the touch. Both had wilted butter lettuce (actually I am rubbish at identifying lettuce) and ice cold, mushy tomato slices. For $2 each, we received two paltry servings of ordinary shoestring fries. 

We were in the mood for dessert, but they only had bread pudding and that didn't sound appealing to either of us at the time, so we just had hot chocolate and that turned out to be not too shabby. 

Even before we left, the boyfriend complained that he was still hungry, so we went to Max Brenner and gorged ourselves into a chocolaty coma. But that my friends is another story for another time.
OMG! This has to be the WORST place at the Reading Terminal... PERIOD! I went there for breakfast and was greeted by a very rude server that was so fidgity and anxious that when we were taking our time to order, she just left in mid-order without even saying anything.  To go along with the disturbing display of failure I ordered the gravy biscuit with turkey sausage.  The food was served COLD and had some nasty stewed apples on the side. My friend got scrambled eggs, that weren't even cooked well...risk of salmonella, and cheesey grits, that was grits with 5 pieces of cold  shredded cheddar cheese on top...My kid could have come up with something better... Save your money and pick from any other place in Reading Terminal...This place definitely makes the Reading Terminal look bad, it doesn't deserve to be in the Terminal! If your hungary, please just starve instead, trust me you'll be doing yourself a favor. 
Last but not least they had LOUD music playing at 10am and its right by the door so every 2 minute a cold draft comes in, so you'll be freezing!
********** STAY AWAY**********
Horrible.  I ordered the BBQ ribs and a side of collard green.   Everything tasted as though it was 3 days old.  The ribs were so dry  they crumbled apart like stale bread.  The greens tasted as though they had been soaking in vinegar for a week.  I sent my comments to the email address on the receipt and never received a response.
Can safely say one visit here was enough for me. The food wasn't awful, it also wasn't great. Middle of the road diner fare with somewhat rushed service due to massive Sunday morning RTM crowds. Not the cheapest, either. Considering you're already in the market and surrounded by a bunch of other options, I'd suggest you skip down home diner.
Yuck, don't eat here. I was in Philadelphia on new Year's day and this was the only place open near the hotel. The eggs were way too runny, all of the vegetables were slimy and the food was overall just bad. The service was OK but when I got the bill the prices on the menu and what I was charged were completely different. I wouldn't eat here again if they paid me, sorry.
I am not sure what is going on with breakfast in Philly and why it has to be served on salad plates (like Little Petes). As i travel, i usually have a large breakfast and skip lunch as I am in convention centers all day long.   

My company president and I ended up here when we found out to our dismay that Dutch Eating Place was closed on Tuesdays.  

He tried the scrapple and a short stack. we are still not sure what scrapple is but are pretty certain it is a high quality dog food.  

I had the philly scrambled, which was good, but very small. the four of five roasted potatoes with it were ok, but definitely not enough.  The white toast was pretty good, due to size and freshness.  

Coffee was acceptable.  I would not go back on my own volition, but if I went because others were going, I would not complain and give it another shot.
A typical American diner in a very busy part of town. But this is a good thing. Sometimes you don't want to the upscale or trendy meal. Sometimes you just want a simple homecooked-like meal where you can forget about the bustling busyness of urban life and just relax for a bit in a cozy corner. 

The wait time on a Sunday morning at 10am was typical but they sat the 7 of us at two tables near enough that we could chat and fast enough that we didn't get annoyed. The service was fast and very good; the waitress knew what was on the menu and suggested what turned out to be a delicious Breakfast Burrito. 

The potatoes that came with breakfast are some of the best I've ever had! They were crispy but not burned, the seasoning was delicious, and they were not oily at all unlike a lot of hash-browns that I've had. (for clarification these aren't hash-browns, these are actual cubes of potatoes)

I would go back just for the burrito.

Edit 1 year later: I came back for the burrito and it was as delicious as I remember.
I had lunch there with a friend a few months ago and we both thought it was pretty bad. But today my husband and I gave it another chance. It was even worse. I had a BLT--hard to mess up but it was dry, with over cooked bacon and a couple of leaves of Lettuce. My husband had a biscuit with gravy and sausage. The gravy congealed like wallpaper paste. We won't be going back anytime soon. Disappointing because it used to be so good!
Five of us went to Sunday breakfast here. We got there before the crowd. On yelp it says they open at 8; on their door it says they open at 9; and they actually open at 7! Fun busy place. Good for families. Nice staff. Everyone enjoyed their breakfast-fruit cup with each meal is a nice touch. Bacon was amazing -even their turkey bacon is good. The homemade strawberry jam is a must. Try to eat just one serving. The only thing that was sub par were the cheesy grits; and I should know better than to order grits up north! Nice experience. Would certainly go back. 

P.S. bacon is really good.
A great addition to the already awesome Reading Terminal. The decor is pretty standard 50's style diner, nothing too exciting. It's a good thing we came here for the food, because we were very hungry when we had lunch here. Perusing the menu, I saw what I thought was a lot of standard diner fare. They had regular breakfast items, some burgers, salads and sandwiches for lunch. We were there for lunch, and ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and fish and chips. To start we got the black bean and sausage soup as well as cream of mushroom soup. Pretty standard, right? Wrong, the food was made unlike any other diner or restaurant I have ever been to. The chicken was extremely fresh, REAL chicken, not some processed breaded patty. The sauce was obviously homemade, great buffalo taste, but not spicy, just the way I like it, with fresh bleu cheese crumbles. The fish and chips used REAL fresh fish, skin and all, lightly breaded and fried up, a generous portion on both items. The soups were delicious and obviously fresh-made. This is no ordinary diner, I believe their cutting edge is their ability to buy all their foods fresh from the terminal they are located in.  The service was quick, no frills, and efficient.
So if you want good simple food that tastes good and reasonably priced then make your way to this diner as it's worth it with the added bonus of being located inside Reading Terminal Market! The waitstaff was pleasant and we even got a chance to chat with one of the owners. I would fave given this 4 stars but had to take 1 off for a mishap we had with one of the pancakes but I'd definitely eat here again!
Why didn't somebody tell me this was a tourist trap!!  Aargh.

Had the Sawmill Gravy, with biscuit and sausage.  Gravy was perfectly acceptable and the sausage nice and flavorful if not a bit on the thin and, dare I say, dry side.
The biscuit had a nicely textured exterior but was unfortunately dense on the inside.
All in all, I haven't met a biscuits and gravy I didn't like and this was no excption.

French toast was ok, strawberry topping not much flavor.  Just ok
Oatmeal looked decent but the toppings each came separately in tiny little plastic containers.  Silly.

Friend had the cheesesteak omelet that he seemed to like.  

All in all nothing special here, and as others have said, it is hard to argue with the fact that there are much more interesting options throughout the terminal.
I made the mistake of reading the Yelp reviews before stopping here for breakfast on a busy Saturday morning.

My expectations were appropriately low, and everything I had to eat was fine, if forgettable. My friend and I grabbed a seat at the counter and waited a while for the dirty plates to be cleared in front of us. 

I ordered the Scrapple & poached eggs - which was nicely prepared but pretty standard. My friend, Josh, ordered the Country Benedict - eggs benedict covered with sausage gravy (they weren't shy about that gravy.)

All of the entrees come with a small fruit salad, which is a nice touch but seemed to be from a canned cocktail - or slightly not-fresh fruits. 

Service was okay - a little staggered and haphazard, but all of our food was correct, so I guess that's good!
Stopped in for lunch.  I was drawn in by the food variety and the salads in the fridge display looked promising. Went at noon on a Tuesday, and easily got a stool at the counter (there were several open tables too). Server was really nice, but the chicken parm sandwich was awful, despite being recommended by her. Over fried chicken, that was hard to bite off a roll, and wasn't very flavorful. Pretty sure its just the fried chicken breast, placed upon a bed of lettuce, tomato, and bland marinara. The fries were average at best. Like I said, they have a lot of options, but I don't think I'll revisit to find out if they any good.
Bad.  Cold toast.  Bad hash. Fried apples instead of home fries.  Inattentive staff considering the server to patron ratio.   I would have liked a McDonald's breakfast more and I'd have saved a couple of bucks.  I'm sure any of the other food vendors in Reading Station would be a better experience than this was.
Disappointed I thought surely a small diner can make a good hamburger but I have had better from the street vendors in carts in Philly then here. With all the good food in one place they should do better. The decor was   as if were in fact a small hometown diner but the food was not. Best to eat at any of the other places in the Market, skip this one.
This place has become a total mess-what happened? They are completely understaffed and disorganized. I hope it was just a bad day. 

I'll give it one more chance.
TAKE IT FROM A LOCAL WHO WORKS IN CENTER CITY....STAY AWAY!!!  I had a negative experience here before, but since I work near City Hall, (where there are limited sit down breakfast establishments), a co-worker and I thought we would give it another shot this morning.  WRONG ANSWER!!  

I ordered a dish which consists of poached eggs, served on a biscuit with tomatoes and cheese.  I know that poached eggs tend to be cooked a bit on the "soft" side...but when my food arrived, it literally looked like someone blew their nose on top of a piece of bread and tossed an egg yolk into it.  I am not one to send back food, and usually try to "tough it out" and make a mental note of it, but this was inedible.  So, I politely requested to send it back, at which time the waitress apparently spoke to the cook.  She came back and asked if I would like the eggs "over medium" and although I would have like poached eggs, I decided to error on the side of caution and took her up on her offer.  During the "refire" of my breakfast, the prolonged exposure to the heat revealed that my cheese was definetely a heavily processed, AKA CHEAP cheese product because the oil that composed it (as opposed to milk) began to surface and separate itself from the rest of the cheese.

Now, onto my co worker.  He ordered eggs over medium, bacon and potatoes.  His eggs were also nearly a quarter mucous like, with a semi clear gelatinous substance not only around the yolk, but throughout the whites as well.  

The service end was fine, the waitress was obviously disappointed in what the cook had prepared and we told her we knew it was not her fault.  She told us that she would never have eaten what she had brought out once she looked at it.  

Yes, the decor is neat.  Which, by the way, there is a neon wall decoration which says "Save The Farm"...I find this ironic being that they serve low grade dairy products...i.e. the cheap cheese which contains little dairy.  

THIS IS A TOURIST TRAP set up in an otherwise great food venue, (Reading Terminal Market).  Ther is nothing "Down Home" about this place.  As far as breakfast in the City Hall area, you would be well advised to make a little extra effort to travle the distance to another establishments, (which I will refrain from naming), or to get a sandwich off a street cart.
This is a place that I try to go at least once when I'm in the area.  There is always a wait when I go there and it is always busy.  The food tastes fresh and the prices are decent.  A must try is the Country Benny - yum gravy!
The terminal supplies a great busy atmosphere. Reminds me of old civilization market shopping like you see in the movies. The wait staff was very friendly and the homemade cornbeefhash was phenomenal.  The toast was perfect. I used the homemade cherry spread on my second piece, the first was drench in my perfectly cooked sunny-side up egg. 4 stars from me. I will be back to indulge in more.
I believe all places, people, etc. have good and bad days,and you can't judge an entire establishment based on what be one bad day.
However...
Absolutely abysmal.  I'm a Vegetarian, and usually have no problem finding things to eat in Philly, and there were a couple salad options, so I ordered the pasta veggie salad.  It was lettuce, 1/8 of an old nasty tomato, and some horribly overcooked spiral pasta slapped on top.  That was it.  Seriously.  No dressing, nothing else.

I went up to the counter and got the dressing, which did not help.  After a couple bites, I actually complained (this was my FIRST complaint at a restaurant, ever).  

My waitress was very nice, and asked if I wanted her to take it off the check.  I told her it was fine, but she took it off anyway.  

And, to top things off... after we left, the person I was with told me there had been a mouse darting in and out from behind the juke box in the back.  (I'm horrified of rodents, so he didn't tell me until after).

Sorry, but I wont be returning.  
If you're in Reading Terminal, there are SO many wonderful places to eat, unfortunately this isn't one of them.
Maybe I didn't have any sort of issues with this place because I went in expecting diner food, at lunch time.  I got it, it was good, and I moved on.  At (literally) noon, we waited 3 minutes for a seat, then got one, ordered, got exactly what we ordered (and it was tasty), didn't feel like we were rushed out of the place, and went along our merry ways...
I was really excited about coming here because of Yelp. Cute place packed and they seated 9 of us on a Sunday quickly. The menu talked about fresh coffee beans which I thought would be great coffee, I usually don't expect great coffee at a diner, well it wasn't, just drinkable. I ordered cornbeef hash,  homemade, salty and my eggs over easy were really easy. My husband had the breakfast burrito where were the eggs? It was more like a quesadilla but small. I shouldve ordered the pancakes they looked delicious but my favorite thing for breakfast is homemade cornbeef hash if it's on the menu I always order it. San Francisco  'Q' still has the Best. Needless to say I was disapointed, I left hungry. My Hubby and I left and split a pastrami sandwich in the food court that was delicious.
Pretty bad diner food. Items not as described. Sand in the fried chicken.
Meh.  it was ok.
Honestly, in a city with a dozen diners, this would be the last one I'd come to.  However - I was in the area and hungry.

I don't think I'll be back unless Im in that predicament again.
I agree with much of what Lisa says in her review. The soups are pretty good and there's not usually a wait at the counter. 
One mistake I've made is getting the grilled cheese twice. It's the blandest sandwich I have ever eaten. I guess they don't use butter, it's white bread and even the cheese is bland. The first time I thought it was a mistake but I forgot, ordered it again today. At least I know it's not me. 
I will be back, but prolly for a BLT.
I used to come here occasionally but haven't been in years. I remember my wife and I having very fresh and delicious well prepared meals jere. I took my family to the market and decided that this is where we were going to spend our money. The food has fallen so far I'm shocked that Jack had anything to do with this place anymore. It was an utter disappointment.
On Sunday morning at 9 am, most places are not open in the Reading Terminal Market.  After walking around for a few times, we decided to wait in line to eat at the Down Home Diner.   We were seated after about 5 minutes wait in line.  We ordered Steak Scam.  The food came pretty quickly, but it did not look too Impressive.  The cheesesteak was mixed with scrambled egg and some cheese. There was a side of home fries, some cooked apple and 2 slices of bread on the side. The steak scram needed some extra kicks or seasoning.  The home fries was good, looked to be deep fried.  The toast was slightly burned on the edge but almost cold when I got them.  The toast came with butter and (mabye) mixed berry jam.  I personally did not care for it.

I don't think I will try Down Home Diner again.
Place has really gone downhill. Ordered takeout upon opening at 8a: blueberry pancakes, orange cranberry pancakes and bacon egg and cheese on a biscuit. Both orders of pancakes were burnt, one burnt black, and the potatoes that came with the bacon egg and cheese were burnt black as well. Wasn't busy, couple orders made after me. Menu has full potential for deliciousness - however pride is product just isn't there. Don't understand how whoever was on the grill could serve black pancakes and feel it acceptable. My only recommendation is their biscuits.
