They should call this place Drunkie's Pub, because that's all I saw when Marissa and I popped in out of total curiosity the other night. Popped collars and backwards baseball caps dominated the place, as well as sorority girls who were giddy with the overwhelming pull of male pheromones. Hootie and the Blowfish and Dave Matthews seemed to be the preferred soundtrack (at least it was during the 10 minutes we were there). 

Yep, ten minutes was the absolute limit we could stomach, so we pushed our way out of the tipsy crowd and found ourselves back on the mean, mean streets of Rittenhouse Square. GD...why the hell do I keep ending up in this part of town? Guess I've got nobody to blame but myself!
I have to give a little review update shout out to the staff at Drinker's Pub. On my sister's wedding day, our entire bridal party rolled in unannounced to grab a round and several photos (my sister and her now-husband actually met at Drinker's, believe it or not!). The bartenders were cool, and the patrons didn't mind letting us take over the bar for a minute (literally - my sister and her husband posed on the bar with the rest of us around them). 

It should also be mentioned that the drinks are CHEAP. I ordered a round of four or five drinks and handed the bartender a twenty before running to pose for a picture. I came back with another twenty to settle whatever I owed and the bartender gave me change. Amazing.
Beware, they are sneakily adding 20% gratuity to all checks even for 1 drink. Saw this behavior rampant at 1AM. Many people tricked into tipping twice.
You've gotta like a place that has a deer head mounted on the wall, Christmas lights, and has Fat Tire on tap. Music playing reminded me of a time I lived in upstate NY around 2005, indie/ punk rock stuff.

We just stopped in for one beer on a Saturday afternoon and I sorta regret not even taking a look at the menu. The bartender was really pleasant and chatty. The locals, or what I assume were locals, loved her to pieces.
They sell 40s!!!! I remember buying 40s at the corner Bodega for like $3. This brought back the good ol day's. Except here they charge you $7 or $8 for a 40. This place is my favorite place in Philly.  Decent prices and great music. Definitely a go too when you are in town.
Two stars. The Moose head and that creepy statue person that looks like Jason and a weird dog had a baby don't help either.

Another fratty bar. I stood in one place for a really long time talking to a friend and I went to walk and my foot was stuck! Woohoo for sticky floors! Too many people here on the weekends so the bartenders are very curt with service.

Bleh. You can do better if you want a chiller place to grab drinks. Otherwise, they do sometimes have cheap food deals.
For the longest time I used to dream about living next to bar. walking down my stairs and entering a place where everyone knew my name. kind of like Cheers only without having to go very far after a bad night. so at first I thought I reached that dream when I moved into a place that was 3 buildings down.
But unless a friend insisted on dragging me inside it and buying me a drink, I ended up never setting foot inside here. Why? the crowd of regulars inside it sucked and totally lacked personality. and for a bar called Drinkers, the selection of alcohol was severely lacking. these are the 2 main things that give a bar character as far as I'm concerned. so your better off going elsewhere by my book. and the street it's on has 3 nearby bars that are way better - Devil's Alley, Tragos, and No'Che.
Drinkers is a part of 4 Corners Management though. and they do have some great bars in the city.
I've been here on dead weeknights when my boyfriend and I were too lazy to make the walk to Oscar's Tavern. I've passed by here more times than I can count on nights where it was packed and I can tell it is definitely not my scene. 

There was one night where I felt I was grossly overcharged for drinks. The decor is corny, Elvis and Americana knick knacks. The music is loud and if you find a spot where you can talk to your mate without screaming in a nearly empty bar.... well, I would say let me know but I'm pretty sure I won't ever be going back here.
For a bar that call's itself 'Drinker's,' the selection of beer is paltry.  I know I'm a beer snob but, honestly people can we say false advertising.  They don't even have a good spread of spirits and are particularly lacking in the Irish Whiskey department.  But if you crave fratly bars with a meat market ambiance, Drinker's might be your choice watering hole.  For me, I'll go down the street to Devil's Alley if I happen to find myself in Rittenhouse.
Drinker's is a good time! My roommate loves it there! She raves about it all the time and now I know why! I got the opportunity to go there for the first time last Friday....during Snowmagedan one after the Philly car show. It was super crowed but my roommate and her friend save my boyfriend and I  seats. The bartender Tom was awesome! He is by far one of the best bartenders I have ever seen. 

Their drinks are super cheap and pretty strong. The food was pretty good too. I had a veggie burger with house made potato chips and it was all so good for only $5!!!! Awesome! Our bill(for my boyfriend and I) was around $25? Awesome again! We had a really good time and will most likely go back
Am I total tool for admitting that I actually like this place?  I'm not talking every night of the week, but I do have fun whenever I end up here.  Maybe it's because I'm usually half in the bag already, maybe it's because I'm reminded of my college nights in frat party basements or maybe it's because I'm just so damn relieved that the bathrooms themselves are way cleaner than the aforementioned frat party basements.  The point is, Drinker's always provides an experience that is both cheap and fun.  They also provide the Beastie's Licensed to Ill cd in their jukebox.
Only come here if you're looking to be harassed and threatened by a power hungry bald bouncer. Never have I witnessed such rude behavior by  so called "security" ,who picks and chooses who he lets into the bar and demands bribes from those he doesn't want to let in. Not the kind of employee you want representing your business.
I needed a beverage.  We had been walking for hours and I was beyond thirsty.  It was 3 in the afternoon when we pulled into drinkers and it was quite pleasant.  The window up front is removable for nice days and the service was quick.  There were some good day time deals like $3 domestic drafts and it wasn't all that crowded.  

I could tell that probably at night this place turns into a bit of a disaster.  There was some type of animal head on the wall wearing a tie so I can only imagine the kind of crowd it attracts after the sun goes down...  But during the day it completely satisfied my need for liquid and my legs need for sitting.
Get your drinks in, get your drinks in, get your drinks in...

You get the idea.

Its not exactly a dive bar but yet its not the typical high-brow Rittenhouse Square bar/resto.

It's cheap...well cheap enough for drinks as well as tacos.

The barkeep was a tatted-up giant of a man.

The music was alt-rock-ish.

There are a couple of tv's that can distract you from holding convos with strangers, so that's a negative.

I'll be back.  Probably for a bar crawl.
Okay.. if you want to go to a place where you get hassled by ugly frat boys who talk shit about you and the crowd but is "jk" and drinks the small Heinekins?  GREAT place to go. The only reason I gave this place another star was because the bartender there on monday nights is awesome and has to deal with these fuckers.
Drinkers is one of those places that I love when it's dead and hate when it's busy because it's full of yahoos and jerkfaces.    After work crowd is lame, and the popped collar kids on the weekends, blech!

The bartenders are awesome here, especially if you get a chance to talk to them when it's not super busy.
i don't know how or why it happened, but this spot became a regular haunt for me and my girls when we were looking for a drink and no nonsense. as time goes on it gets considerably less appealing (not sure if this has more to do with my ever changing tolerance than with the clientele) but i have a feeling it will remain in my rotation for the forseeable future. note: this place is WAYYY better when it's dead and there is no one around. on busy nights it's usually the scene of overly confident 21 year old dudes who think that every girl who is out having a drink is looking for "a good time" and men old enough to be your father looking to prey on the neglected chick in the group of cuties

pros: the servers and bartenders take care of familiar faces, which is always nice. they have motorhead on the jukebox! there is something to be said about being able to drink a 40 in a bar
Is Drinker's a meat-market with the average post-college/pre-career crowd? Yes. Are you often assaulted by a large crowd blowing cigarette smoke at the entrance if you attempt to go here post-work or late-evening? Yes. Will your friends be awkwardly stared down by other patrons if they are even mildly cute? Most likely. 

BUT do they have a naked photohunt machine, cheap pitchers and some pretty kickass nachos? Hells Bells. 

My advice, don't attempt to go to Drinker's during Happy Hour, late in the evening or even on a weekend. If you keep that in mind, it is the perfect spot to saddle up to the computer game machine, order a few pitchers and stumble your way out of the bar hours later without judgement. Drinker's brought me a lot of happiness when I was in grad school and dirt broke and needed some cheap thrills and drinks. For as much as it can sometimes suck, it really hits the spot when you want a laid back pitcher type of night. They also have a few big screen tv's for game watching and the layout of the place is pretty spacious if you don't attempt to visit during the above mentioned times. Good luck!
Drinkers is the kind of place that is what exactly you expect from a small, local bar--Cheap food, cheap beer, and a loud atmosphere.  The oddest part about it is that it's right in the middle of the City, and not in some shady area.

There really isn't much you need to know, the cheap beer and food should be enough to get you in the door as it is.  The tacos are $1 a piece and are actually quite good for bar-style tacos.  In fact, all of the food that I've tried here is pretty decent bar food.  The tv's always have sports on, the music is loud, and there are plenty of twenty-somethings to mingle with.

A night that usually starts out with some cheap drinks, catching up on sports, and good bar food can easily turn into a night of drunken debauchery.

C'mon, what more do I need to say.
This places receives my scorn for having too many fratty types that stared at my tablemates for too long and gave the place a meat market vibe. But then they redeemed themselves by having great service and surprisingly tasty bar food (and cheapish beer). The nachos were on par and there was no shortage of sour cream, cheese or jalapenos. Still hungry, I ordered the bacon cheddar fries (jalapenos come on top) for our group: delicious. The fries were crispy, but with just enough potato inside, the cheese coated almost every fry, and the small hunks of bacon were everywhere. These are some of the best bacon cheese fries I've ever had, which is saying a lot.

I'm not sure how much the 40's cost, but it brought up fond memories of home to see people guzzling them here. Maybe next time.

One word of caution: make sure to lock your bathroom door and check it twice. There are three restrooms, each with dark wooden doors that need careful closing and locking, lest you get accidentally peeped on by fellow bar-goers. My friend profusely apologizes to the guy she walked in on.
My friend from out of town described this place perfectly: very fratty.  More fratty than the frat houses in college.  It's packed, loud, and everyone seems to be running around hitting on each other and drinking sh***y beer.  That said, it's fun, cheap and I always have a good time.  I especially get a kick out of the miller high life forties, because what respectable young professional doesn't love a good forty now and again?
I used to come here when I was younger, and I don't think they've cleaned the women's restroom downstairs since then. I was about to order a few tacos and a beer, and decided to go to the loo first. Stench and Filthy Armageddon. Tried to get the bartender's attention to let him know (there were no women working, so I guess no one bothers to go in and clean and add TP) but he ignored me.
This bar is awful. The people are awful. The food is awful. The beer selection is pathetic. The music is awful, and deafening.

It's like a frat party meets happy hour at TGIF. 

I can really sum it up in one statement: They don't have Yuengling. A bar. In Philly. Doesn't serve lager. 

Philly has lots (and lots) of cool bars, do yourself a favor and NEVER go to this is abortion.
Tooling around rittenhouse looking for drink. 
Sunday afternoon. 
we could go there. 
No 
We could go to that place. 
No. 
How about here, Drinkers Pub. 
yes. 
The bar was dark, and empty. 
and for fuck sake, the door was open. 
whats special about this bar are the specials. 
Even lions head taste good at 75 cents a bottle. 
and the 1 dollar tacos were worth double that. 
Can we get the Phillie's game on?
hoping not to offend whomever was watching ultimate fighting, this afternoon. 
No problem, what channel is it on? 
Dunno. 
half dozen beers later. 
game over. 
food just crumbs. 
we stumble out into the sunlight. 
satisfied. 
I don't know why Sunday afternoon Bars , make me feel 
like I'm in a bad Bukowski rip off poem.
We've been here a couple times before but recently came back with friends. We wanted to go somewhere nicer but they wanted to go somewhere that had music and cheap drinks. 

Last time they had more of a selection of beers and a list to pick from. I remember having a couple of decent fruity beers. I asked the bartender if he had a drink menu but said there wasn't one. I felt rushed and didn't want a regular beer,  so I just told him to make me a fruity mixed drink. He made the standard bay breeze drink which I was kind of disappointed in. I feel like this is the standard lazy drink that every bartender makes when you ask for a fruity drink because they don't want to make any effort making something else. I wanted something a little stronger, but I guess that's my fault for not ordering anything specific. 

I didn't notice they had cans of cider beer until my friend got one. I would have ordered that instead if I had known. It feels like a college bar scene with the loud music, sticky floors, and people bumping into you. I'm kinda over that but if you're into hitting on younger girls then I guess this is the place for you.
DO NOT LEAVE YOUR CARD AT THE BAR. One of the worst bartenders I've ever encountered. I have a very difficult last name and apparently people came to the bar to order drinks under my last name. When asked to take the items that I didn't buy, she throws the check at me saying your friends ordered drinks on my tap. None of the people I came with, knows my last name.. this place is shady. Avoid at all cost. There are so many other pubs around the area.
It's, um, a thoroughly unexciting dive bar. The drink specials are pretty much the same as any other regular bars in the Rittenhouse area -- you can get some kind of domestic beer for around $2 on any given night. The one thing worth pointing out about this place is that they make serve pretty tasty, heart-attack precipitating plates of fries for about $4. Those are pretty darn good to share with friends for a late night snack (so long as you're not being health-conscious.) I had taco fries, but they have other kinds of toppings too.
I had an hour to kill last night before meeting the lovely wife for dinner at Chima.  I stopped in here and had an interesting experience.  I was overdressed and at least twenty years older than most of the crowd and was still made to feel right at home.  What a great little bar.

The bartender was very personable.  The drinks were priced right.  I didn't have a chance to try the food but I saw several folks eating tacos and they look fantastic.  I also noted that Yelp mobile popped up a nice coupon.  I'll be back to give them another try.
Went for another try at a good Happy Hour in and around the city and I have to say was pleasantly surprised. A good mix of people and some good wings always equals a good time. 
I do agree with some of the other reviews that there isn't a huge selection of Beers but for a Happy Hour you only need a good 3 anyway...If we are being honest. 25 cents wings and a dollar hot dog, who's complaining? I heard it gets packed on Friday so I will definitely update but as of now a good solid 4 stars.
This place is not really my scene. It's a bar that tries too hard to be cool and kitsch (everyone in the bar is doing the same thing). They do run good drink specials and it's in close proximity to other bars, so it's got that going for it. The service is good (when you tell a waitress to bring you another martini every single time she walks by your table and she does it... you've scored.) The juke box is not bad but the people playing the songs are stuck in the 80's. Within ten minutes of your arrival you will hear Bon Jovi "Living on a prayer". It's suprisingly not a bad place to hit on girls. Be good or be gone.
See my photo. Watch your receipts. The waitress Erin tried to tell us it was because we ordered 7 minutes before happy hour started, but the receipt does not reflect this at all. Taking advantage of inebriated customers is all this is.
Wow...  I never reviewed this place?  I've been here so many times...  Hmm...   Well, do you love bars crowded with people who just turned 21?  Are you a college student looking to meet other college students?  Are you not in college, but still looking to meet college students?  This is your place.  I've been here countless times with my friends just walking around the city.  I never remember paying a cover, so of course it's going to be packed.  I have no idea if this place even has an glasses, because I've only ever been handed a plastic cup.  Drinks are cheap and this place moves product.  We came in here recently with some friends again and grabbed  few cheap drinks.  The same atmosphere as years ago.
With a name like "Drinker's" I was a little skeptical about the food that we ordered to complement the (pitchers of) beer we were enjoying around happy hour. However, I was pleasantly surprised: the Nachos were light and crispy and generous smothered cheese and other toppings.  The Buffalo Fries were also smothered in cheesey goodness with a little spicy sauce to cut through it all.  Good bar food and great drink prices!
Really liked this place.  First of all it has all the rustic-ness (is that even a word? LOL) of a good ole fashioned dive bar.  Within the walls of eclectic decor, was reasonable priced food. That tasted very, very delicious.  I had shared an appetizer sampler, ordered myself a traditional cheesesteak sandwich which was fabulous, and shared some taco fries, which were very good as well.  The drinks were not out of hand at all as far as price goes, quite reasonable actually.  The wait staff was awesome, and our waitress even recommended a alternative to Guiness since they didn't have it, and it was good :)  Seemed to be a full service bars, as some of  whom I was with had mixed drinks and some had chosen to have a frosty cold one.  I would recommend however, that if you're planning to go out to the Drinker's Pub with a large crowd (4 or more I would say), don't go to Drinker's, it gets packed early, and seating is limited for larger crowds.
I was looking for new clubs with some friend me visiting Philly, and I was literally embarrassed to have brought them here.

Excellent layout, not so excellent experience. Dropped by with some friends and we were ushered upstairs (which was pretty nice) just to get yelled at by some people from Wharton. Still not sure what all that was about but it could have been a one-time thing. But in addition, the music is pretty freaking bad. I mean there's music that I don't like and then there's music that is couldn't dance to even if I wanted to.

In case you're having a hard time guessing, the latter is what is featured here.

The bathroom setup is kind of strange too - there are two women's bathrooms and no men's. Men use the unisex restroom, which women also use, so it ends up being a bit of a hassle but maybe that was intentional.

Bar line isn't super fast either.

But they do have the set up to make a really nice party if they got the right people advising them. They have potential! I just don't see them using it any time soon.
The name really speaks to the 'atmosphere' of the bar...drinkers.  and lots of them.

This is clearly a fantastic place to go and simply get drunk.  lots of different people, all freindly, with one thing on their mind...booze. Similar to Drinker's Tavern, the concept here is simple - make it easy.  PBR cans...40's...$2 drinks all over the freaking place.  Walking with with a small wallet  - walk out (if you can) with a big buzz...
I've landed at Drinker's numerous times in my short time here in Philly. It's close, there's cheap/strong drinks, and the bartenders are quick. We always end up upstairs because it's usually not busy so we know we can get served really fast. The $3 three olive drinks are tough to beat during happy hour, and although I haven't eaten here yet, there's good food specials, too. 

As others have said, if you don't like to be around a ton of drunk people (mostly college kids) you're best avoiding this place, but if you don't mind that type of scene then it's worth it
I'm engaged, I'm over 25, yet it's Saturday night and I find myself here with my knucklehead friends. Fair enough, I'll rate this place as I would if I were younger and unattached (Drinker's really hasn't changed since that was actually the case anyway).

Too crowded and impossibly obnoxious, even by young single drunk standards. Not my cup of tea.
Disclaimer: My experience at Drinker's was completely sober. The night before, I got a concussion when I landed on my head while snowboarding, so I volunteered to be DD.

My friends and I dropped in here on a Saturday night a little bit after 11. Drinker's is a typical college bar. We went the night of Erin Express round 1, so there were plenty of people wearing beads and green. Definitely stick with beer as it's cheaper than mixed drinks. A 40 oz of Miller High Life was $8 while a weak well drink was $6. From what my friends tell me, it takes a while to get a drink unless you have your boobs hanging out and are willing to flirt with the creeper bartenders.

I just wanted to dance or sit at a table and chat, but the songs weren't quite right, and the music was too loud to talk. I stood in the empty space between tables/dance floor while they played classic "Let's scream along because we're all really drunk" songs (e.g. Journey, N*Sync, Fresh Prince of Bel Air). The DJ dared to interrupt "Don't Stop Believing" to play another song, even though everyone in the bar was singing along. As for songs to dance to, the only one I can remember was the Cupid Shuffle. Uh, no thanks.

I'd come here to get my fill of cheap drinks, but Drinker's doesn't really offer much more than that.
if u stay past midnight here instead of turning into a pumpkin u turn into a frat house party goer, but i dont mind starting out here before I head out for a long night in rittenhouse. it is cheaper than the majority of  the bars, the staff is friendly and for some reason guys buy me drinks here all the time which i find very flattering unfortunately i believe it is more b/c of my likeness to the asian guy from harold and kumar then my stunning good looks
i had a horrible taste in my mouth for drinkers after being here on a rowdy friday night and feeling like a sardine at a meat market. but my friend wanted to watch the eagles game here last night (sunday) because they advertize 50 cent miller lite beers. not my fav, but sounds good. i figured if we could sit at a table and watch a game this place would be more tolerable. and it was. it was a pretty cool game environment. the only bummer was the terribly slow service. i dont blame the wait staff - they were working their butts off. but they were drastically understaffed. prob mostly in the kitchen. cause, no joke, it took 45 min to get 3 little potato skins. and the worst part was, we paid 10 dollars for "all u can eat". yeah. we did not get all we could eat.
I would have liked to have tried this place but I was unable to get any service, even sitting at the bar, with two bar tenders present. But hey, who am I but a customer.
When you're in the midtown part of center city, you cant go wrong with this place for a cheap happy hour. From 5-730, all drinks are half off. On top of that, they have good bar snacks FOR THE LOW ! Tacos, quesadilla, wings, the quintessential bar food. My favorite were the loaded nachos and pierogies ( why are they so damn good !!?!) .

The crowd is quite diverse, you get those after work suits, along with the " party downtown " crowd. So theres something for everybody
Your average late night, cheap booze dive bar. I went to school two blocks down the street and ended up here many times after night class. I mean who can refuse a stiff drink and $1 tacos after four hours of Art History?  Not I. The only other Drinker's I've been to is the one in University City which is much larger. This one is tiny and there really aren't too many seats if you're looking to chat it up with friends all night. Fun place to walk around and mingle with the other groups, by the end of the night almost everyone in the place seems to be friends. Another minor downfall is the wait for food orders, don't expect your taco or those 50¢ wings to be placed in your hands right after the order is placed just because they're cheap!

Oh, memories.
My black north face jacket and all of my personal possessions were stolen from here on Saturday night. Who steals someone's jacket in the dead of winter?

The bouncer refused my reentry to look for my jacket. I've called every day this week during their stated business hours and have had no success getting in touch with anybody.
Perfect place to chill out for a happy hour after work. My basic attraction to this place is their HOT SAUCE!! Yep, you heard it right. The cheap draughts help, and the food is mediocre, but that sauce is just money! 
I usually get the wings (meh) and douse it in the sauce to relish the flavor.
How I wish they sold it someplace...
All in all a decent place, good music, and ample opportunity for people-watching.
The reasons I like this place are the tiny bottles of rolling rock that big men look funny drinking, and that moose.  I hate to play the grandma card, but this place was WAY too loud.  I don't like being forced to smile and nod because I can't figure out what any of my friends are saying.  It just wasn't very fun.  haha
I went here this past Thursday night with a friend of mine. Neither of us were drunk, incoherent, or violent when we got there. I got in just fine, handed the doorman my ID, went in, and the door closed behind me. The door was closing reeeeeeally slowly, and it was cold out (it's February), so while he was getting his ID checked, my friend nudged it along to help keep the heat in. The door continued to close really slowly, and then finally closed with a bang (as some doors do). The following exchange then happened:
Doorman: What'd you do to my door?
My friend: Uhh... Excuse me?
Doorman: (getting angrier) What'd you do to my door??
My friend: (starts trying to explain what happened)
Doorman: (cuts him off) Have a good night.
My friend: I'm sorry, excuse me?
Doorman: (puts his face close to my friend's face) Have. A. Good. Night.

This guy was an asshole on a power trip and I'm still confused as to what the hell happened and why he wouldn't let my friend in. I wouldn't recommend coming here on a weekday if you're just going to get harassed before even getting in the door.
Ahhh the memories.....seems like it has been 15 years since I first came here and had a 40oz in the bar...... you can still get an entire 40oz from the bartender for $4.50 during happy hour by the way.

Many other yelpers have commented this is a stop in pub for a drink or two, I agree and also agree this place gets packed very quickly. Came here after a comedy show at helium and went to the second floor to relax and take in the sight of the city. It was peaceful and relaxing until about thirty minutes later when this place was packed! Mostly 20's to early 30's crowd later in the evening. I highly recommend this spot if you fit in that age range and if not come in for happy hour maybe your make some new friends or get plastered and hit on who you want who am I to tell you how to drink at drinker's!

The food menu is very cheaply priced with great deals. The last time I got food here I thought it was average bar food but haven't eaten any of there food items this decade so take the food review with a grain of salt.

Anyway you cut it you should definitely visit this spot at least once in your lifetime and as always people SYOY!!
9 dollar well tequila shot no thank u. Vibe was okay mostly college kids who don't know $9 dollars is too much for a well shot
I've been to drinkers many times late night. When I was in my early to mid 20's this was one of my favorite bars as I didn't mind getting  bumped into by overly drunk people. I loved the ridiculousness that would gone on after midnight. 

I just ate their food for the first time and wow was it bad. My bf and I were walking by and he loves low key bars. Early in the night, this is a different place where you can actually sit down at a table and hear the person next to you. He ordered a hot dog and nachos. The cheese on the hot dog was really gross and thick. Nothing on the nachos were warm and the chicken has no taste.  I ordered a vegetarian chicken sandwich which was the worst vegetarian item that I have ever had when eating out. The fake chicken was cold with no seasoning and was limp like tofu when you just take it out of the package. I really think they just took pieces of fake chicken and tossed them on a really boring roll. The roll was like the cheapest one you would find at a grocery store. We barely ate our food and got the check and left. I later ordered a vegetarian burger at Devil's Alley. 

I am sure wasted people probably won't know the difference and could get the nachos down with some beer.

The only good thing about the food is the super cheap prices. We didn't complain about our food because it was so cheap. After picking this place for dinner, the bf is on probation for awhile for restaurant selection.
Picklebacks!  What are they?  A shot of whiskey chased by a shot of pickle brine.  Yea, you heard me - pickle brine. Surprisingly refreshing, and no one does them better than Drinker's.

Besides the backs, Drinker's has tons of great specials and cheap drinks.  With two floors to socialize and enjoy those drinks, I can recommend at least making a stop while in town.  Grab a drink and enjoy the music...
Honestly meh. If you're looking for anything remotely special probably move on. Fascinatingly my white friends all got in but my black friends were "too drunk and/or slurred". Mhmm. We all hung out at the same dinner before and I was high key drunker than them. One of those experiences that makes you real racism is real and alive. Find another place to give your $
I went there for the first time earlier this week to meet some friends.  I didn't have high expectations on crowd since it was a Tuesday so that part didn't bother me.  I arrived around 445 to wait for my friends, I found the bartending staff to be quick but not very friendly towards customers they didn't know (not rude or mean, just not friendly).  They just kinda stood around talking to each other.  I thought that we would hang out there for a while especially with the great happy hour specials.  Unfortunately I didn't last that long, I left by 5:15 and told my friends to meet me somewhere else.  Also the bathrooms were gross, smelled like the subway.  I might expect it to not smell so great on a weekend but not early on a Tuesday.  Not sure I would go back.
I went to Drinker's on a Friday evening after work. We were carded at the door so make sure you have your ID. It's a eclectic place. Service was fast and food was great. We got the tacos which were very affordably priced! The hot sauce was amazing also. Location is very convenient. Drinks are standard and it's a little loud inside but the crowd is not rowdy. Would recommend for a quick snack or drink. They do have a $10 minimum to use a credit card. I'd definitely go back again!
Drinker's Pub was the perfect stop on our Saturday afternoon bar hop. The bar was packed with fans watching the various college football games. The music was loud and people were ready to dance. Drinker's Pub is certainly a great place to have a good time and party!
40oz miller high life $8 need I say more
Okay, Drinker's Pub isn't a great bar, but it sure is a fun bar. It's really a guilty pleasure. As I said to my buddy, this one really reminds me of my old college haunt "the Golden Rail" back in New Brunswick. It certainly does evoke a college bar atmosphere, but without any actual college affiliation, and a distinct Philadelphia flavor mixed in for good measure. As you can imagine, Drinkers attracts a diverse but young crowd. 

Sure, the specialty here is cheap drinks(half the bar has a forty in their hands). The bartenders are cool, but busy. The atmosphere is cheesy, but fun appropriate. Ambiance includes pinball machines, all manor of beer signage, and even a giant moose head.

The music seems to consist of a glorious blend of awesome rock anthems from the eighties that you'd never listen to sober but for some reason can't help singing along to once you've had a few. Think: "Just a small town girl, living in a lonely world... she took the midnight train going A-NY-WHERE." 

So high brow it's not, but if you can swallow your pride and admit you aren't as refined as you pretend to be, it's the perfect place to wind down a pub crawl or relive your college days, or just party the night away.
Drinker's is a happy bar.  At least from 12-2 AM.

It's the kind of bar where it is assumed everybody knows your name (and if they don't, they should).  New friends become familiar friends quick in this 21s to 30s mix.  Picture crowds of smiley people, shamelessly drinking cheap beer whilst attempting melodious karaoke to high-spirited jukebox-type tunes.  

This happy atmosphere is only slightly tainted by the Suits and Skirts obstreperously demanding that their watered-down well Vodka and Sprite not be watered-down.  No problem!  Cognizant that "cool" is vital, play savior and direct Pompous to the G Lounge where they can get an unlimited fount of the same beverage for only $10 more.  Explain that pretentiousness obviously comes at a higher cost.  If that doesn't work, BOO and throw ice cubes at them (essentially equal to snowballs). 

That said, Drinker's is worth a shot (or a beer... or two... or three...).  It has never been the first place I go on the weekends.  And yet, somehow we always end up here and it is nothing short of spectacular.
Drinker's is a haven for all the kids who were picked on in high school, and ignored in college, to now splash on the cologne, show a little thong tag, and bask in the glow of over-priced domestic beers, and talk about their leased Pontiac Sunbirds underneath blaring Def Leppard singles. Upon entering, I looked at the bouncer, and we exchanged a glance of pity... for each other - my going in to this batcave, and him having to deal with it night after night.

The highlight of my night came when two guys out front, smoking Parliament Lights I'm sure, saw a gay couple walking across the street, and tried to shout at them. When it failed, the taller (5'6") of the two looked at me and said, "Hey brah, it's 2007...you know?" Yeah, I know.

Mitch Albom wrote a book called "The Five People You Meet In Heaven." Go to Drinker's one night, and you'll meet the fifty you'll probably see in New Jersey hell.
I've been going to this bar since it opened a few years ago and I have to say I had some good times there. Good specials and awesome happy hour (7-9!) for me since I don't work in the city. I recommend their margarita pitchers, draft pitchers, and 40s!!! I don't recommend you go there on the weekends though... ESPECIALLY in the summer time. The place gets to the point where there is no room to move or air to breathe. Also, for any philly residents, it's mostly out-of-towners on the weekends too... All in all, its definitely  a great place to drink on the weekdays.
If you are under 25 years old, you will freaking love this place.
If you are over 25 years old, you will freaking loathe this place.

So my 3 stars are a combination of my experiences, pre- and post- 25 years old.  Beers are cheap.  There are always people in here getting their drankkk onnnnn.  The happy hour specials are good and seem to be going on all the time.  And the $1 tacos are pretty tasty.  Especially after 5 Miller Lites.
Recently went here for a bar crawl. Drinks weren't too expensive. They had great cheap tacos. I think they were each 1.50. Fun environment and was good for dancing.  They played popular music that was easy to dance to.
Drinkers Pub....you definitely don't come here for the great food or awesome beer selection..you find yourself here because whenever your looking for somewhere to go and everywhere else is dead this is always the go too. And you know what, it is always a good time, Great music good looking crowd , great drink specials, cool staff I'm sure thats it's not just by chance that you always find yourself here.
Go here if...

you are still in college
you don't mind getting beer spilled on you
you just want to get hammered
you think that drinking a 40 (with or without a paper bag) is cool

Otherwise, there are a million other places that are way cooler within a few blocks.
i love drinkers...  now maybe I'm not your average customer.  I don't go on weekends, in fact Thursdays are a little to crowded for me.  I go to drinkers for two things, the tacos and the dollar rolling rock ponies.  These things make me happy :o) Actually make it three things because Joe and Thomas are great and make a night at the bar entertaining.  To all the haters... stay home.  Drinkers is a great place to hangout catch a game and eat delicious, delicious, tacos for cheap. The dollar tacos are amazing and make no bones about it when my friends and I go we eat plenty of them.  Spicy beef or chicken (I think they have bean too) you can choose from hard shell or soft and they all come with cheese, pico de gallo, sour cream, and lettuce, they're loaded! Drinkers has great specials, a late happy hour, and besides the dollar tacos have a really tasty menu.  I thought I had written this review awhile ago and decided that with all the haterade people are drinking before they write their reviews that I would add my opinion too.  They do card - everyone!  So don't show up without your id. Week days can draw a random crowd which can make for some fun and interesting nights.  This is by far my favorite week night bar.
You have to be in the mood for this place. I vote LATE 1am - 2am ...ish... when you barely know what city you are in.

You will hate your life if you are there any earlier... Drinks can be cheap if you know what to order.

Don't expect to have any breathing room.  There are also signs for Watch Out for Pick Pockets (?) .. questionable.

I do LOVE the cards all over the wall from the people who forget to close their tabs.. CLASSIC COLLEGE.
I'm probably the only person who gives Drinkers 5 stars and I'm not ashamed of it. The 5 stars comes with a caveat, though. I must always, always be intoxicated before I even enter Drinker's in order to enjoy it. I'm the type who really doesn't like very crowded bars full of preppy dudes drinking 40s. I have found that I borderline hate Drinker's while sober. 

If you're typically a scoffer of Drinker's, here's how to enjoy it:

1) Be several drinks in before arriving

2) Go on a Saturday night 

3) Be someone who enjoys dancing your socks off.

Because guess what? The DJ on Saturday night (Ryan) is awesome. You will be dancing. Maybe the most important step is to just let go of it all. Just relax and want to have fun and you will.

A friend once said "Drinker's is the place where dreams come true" and I live by this motto. Drinker's, I'll see you tomorrow night!
So the best thing about Drinker's is their $1.50 TACOS!! The tacos are nothing special really, I mean you can probably make them at home...but the hot sauce they have at every table to put on your tacos is SO GOOD. I've had their nachos as well but nothing beats the tacos. 

Their drink prices are nothing special on weekends, but at least they have whatever it is that you're craving in stock (For me, it was Angry Orchard & apparently not every bar has that)
The bartender upstairs name is Joe Metz. He makes a mean Miller Lite and I would drink his bathwater.
Ahh Drinkers. I've been to this place tons of times through out the years. Always a good time! Music is fun and bumping, drinks are decently priced and there's a fair amount of space. The crowd is definitely on the younger side though. It's been a while since i've had the food here but people all say good thinks so, I'd generally trust it and be willing to try it again.
I am probably biased because this was one of the first bars I went to when I turned 21 and I just loved it. I like the music and the rowdiness. People just drink and dance with no care in the world. I love beer and don't mind drinking 40s. I think this is just a great place if you're looking to get hammered and dance all night.

I haven't had the food yet but I want to try the tacos!

This place is super cheap too! Good pregame spot too if you're looking to go somewhere else after like clubbing.
Drinker's is a nice after work place. They have reasonably priced drinks and the atmosphere is friendly enough. The crowd tends to be early to mid 20's so expect that type of vibe. The food isn't bad from the little that I've had from their menu.
Yet another happy hour spot when I was working in Center City.  You know how some cities, have establishments like the Yale Club, or The Harvard Club for alumni to stop in and drink, or do whatever it is those people do...this kind of reminded me of the U of State club, passable college environment...If I ever remember college being like this?  I'm glad I went to the right school!  The jukebox did have Hatebreed which really blew my mind..

If you want to see a bunch of preppies drinking after their first job outta college turn around fast....Then blast hatebreed in this place!
Was there for a friends birthday and had a terrible experience. There was an older bartender who I believe was in a Rolling Stones concert T-shirt who yelled in my face because I suggested he serve my friend since I had been served so we could leave the bar and make room for more people. After he eventually severed her he proceeded to then yell at me again and ask if I was a tourist which I am in fact not. Just overall a very bad experience and I will not be going back.
I'm a fan of drinkers. I always have a good time at this one and the one in center city. It's always a great time when you can walk around with a 40 oz. and you get looks of envy instead of disgust :) As well, the bartenders are always friendly.... I suggest this as a good pregame before a night out at the more high end places or to go to if you wanna get your "swerve" on in general!
They opened an upstairs! It actually seems really fun, like a good mix between downstairs, mcgillin's, and noche. Definitely worth a try on a weekend night (I was there on wednesday after sips, so it was packed of course).

Which reminds me: Get's extremely crowded on Wednesdays during the summers because sips ends at 7 which is when happy hour here starts, so every from around rittenhouse funnels here.
Came across this place during their Happy Hour and Taco Tuesday deal. I get that it's a dive bar and it's not supposed to be nice, but this place just felt kind of trashy and sad. Their tacos were only a $1 which was a sweet deal, and we ended up ordering fries as well, but the total bill came to around $40 (we had four drinks total, which - when you advertise that your happy hour is half off all drinks, it just didn't make much sense why the bill would be that high). The tacos themselves were terrible and my drink was dilute. The service wasn't really that great either - I asked whether we should order/pick up at the bar and was told that a waitress would come serve us. It took the waitress about 15 minutes to give us menus and another 15 minutes to get our orders down. Unlike other reviews, I disagree - I really did not find the bar to be "cozy" at all. The one cool thing about the bar was that there's a wall covered in abandoned credit cards which makes for an interesting conversation starter. Otherwise, it was really just meh. I wasn't impressed. Would probably not return.
My go-to spot for every occasion! Love their half price off everything Happy Hour after a long day at work.  Also love their sing-along DJing on a Friday or Saturday night.

Dance floor, pool table, first and second floor, forties sold here - honestly, what more do you want or need?

Grab your hey hey girlfriends and enjoy!!! This is def my ride or die bar and every time I come here I have the best time!
A decent place.. a friend and I headed over there after the Phillies victory parade (yay!) and it seemed like a pretty fun atmosphere.  Also, you can order a 40 at the bar.
My only experiences at Drinker's have been on the weekends during prime drinking hours (after midnight).  Beer prices are fair, but not my scene at this time.  If I had to sum up the experience in one sentence I would say, "Grenades hoisting 40s in an overcrowded bar".
Hate this place. If you want to pick up some Philly undergrads, this is the place to go. Cheap drinks, divey setting, top 40 jukebox music & frat boys. 

If you want to get some cheap drinks with your friends on a weeknight, it's not completely terrible early in the week for the post-work time frame from about 6-9pm. They do have $1.50 beef & chicken tacos as well, but they're not great... They're a $1.50.

And just so you have an idea of what type of place this is overall, they sell 40s of Miller High Life. I love the champagne of beers, but don't think I need to be carrying a 40-ounce bottle at the bar.
Upon entering this bar I was forced to wonder, why is everyone wearing a backpack?  Are backpacks the new clutch?  No. They are not.  I was 28 year old woman in college bar.  The overly crowded, yell at your bartender for your drink, latest Katie Perry song playing kind of bar.  Then they played a Jon Bon Jovi song and I realized that they only way these kids knew that song was from Glee.  I left.  It really is a fun bar if you are young and hip.  I, alas, went to the next pub and got me some tater tots.
This place is ALWAYS packed, even when I'm walking by after work. I already posted a review for Drinker's West but figured I would write about its sister location, closer to where I live. The food here is good too, and cheap. There are great drink specials and decent tunes. It's really casual and usually packed to capacity with bro's (which doesn't usually make it any less fun). 

Of the two bars, I like Drinkers West better. The place is bigger, the bartenders are usually nicer and more attentive, the music is better, and the crowd is more diverse. Still, I haven't had a bad time at the Drinker's Rittenhouse location.
This is a place I *really* need to be in the mood to go to. I've had good times there, but normally on the weekend nights I've been it's like one huge ass frat party. Lots of preppy looking dudes drinking 40s (ugh) and tiny little girls dressed to the nines. 

It's always packed to the point of having to almost molest someone to get by when inside. Obviously it's a place loved by many, but if I'm not already at least buzzing, I can't deal with the massive crowd and wasted co-eds singing along to The Killers.

Now, there have been a few occasions when I've gone on a weeknight, especially for Taco Tuesday, and it's perfectly calm inside. This is what I prefer as I seem to be 25 going on 60. Good bartenders and fun place, but not my first choice for a weekend night out.
I LOVE drinkers! The tacos here are absolutely amazing and on Tuesdays are only a $1 each. The drinkers sauce makes each taco spicy and flavorful. I also love the garlic parm fries here, they are crispy and have the right amount of garlic and parm on them. 

I crave drinkers tacos almost every week and you will be too once you try them!
review for drinking only, but the prices are right and theres plenty of space to hang out.this spot has bars both upstairs and downstairs. upstairs gets cleared out on the weekends to open the dance floor with a dj spinning all kinds of fun tunes. the crowd is young and looking for a good time. definitely a safe go to spot for a fun time.
Just went there last night and had a so so experience. 

Although its nothing more than just a sports bar, they had a special going on with $1 tacos which was great! The beer was good and the people were average. 

So good tacos, beer and thats about it. They don't have that many TV's and the ones they do have aren't really that big. We got there in the afternoon, and the later it got the louder and trashier it got so we left at just the right time. 

Our waitress said she needed to open up a tab for us if we were going to be sitting down at a booth so I gave her my credit card. When it came time to pay with cash we gave her the check and what do you know??? She didn't give me my card back! GREAT! So now I have to wait until they open so I can go get my card back which should have been given to me when she gave us the check. Although I did forget as well, she should have been on top of it. This is what caused me to give them 2 stars. If your going to ask people to hold their credit card to open a tab, make sure you give it back with their check. Is that too much to ask??? It sounds like common sense to me. 

So if you want cheap beer and food, this is definitely your go to place...

If your looking for something a little more worth your time and self worth, I'd look elsewhere!
This is my favorite place in Philly, hands down (especially for college students)! They have great happy hour deals (everything is half off), and on Tuesdays they have $1 tacos (or $1.50 for meat). Their sauce for the tacos is EVERYTHING! Even my friends that didn't like tacos, started coming to Philly just for them! Drinkers offers a dope setting too with great vibes and a friendly crowd! Def a must-go-to place!
Wednesday night After Sips spot. Music isn't the best for dancing but chill environment. Good drinks, tasty bar food.
Drinker's is truly one of the most awful bars in Center City. The only reason I'm not giving it one star is that it seems to know what it is an embraces it. Look, it's a college bar - it gets incredibly crowded and pushy. The last two times I've been there, the police have had to break up fights. The bar staff is rude and tries to guilt you into ordering simpler drinks, which is usually a bottle of something. The food is actually okay.

If you're there for a happy hour or something, it's not half bad, despite the dozens of better bars within walking distance. Don't let your friends guilt you into coming here, we need to end the madness.
This was my last stop on a Wednesday night beer week bar crawl.  The original plan was Kokopelli for some dancing, but who would have thought that no one dances on Wednesday nights?  

There were quite a few people at Drinkers considering that it was late on a Wednesday.  I suspect many of the bar-goers were students, jealous.  There was a DJ playing a decent mix of music.  My friends ordered some light beers, a good time was had by all.  

Will need to go back later this month to use my taco coupon.  A few tacos passed by my table and they looked really good.
Well.

Not sure what the big deal about this place is other than the insane amount of people that you can find there at a time.

Its an alright place with pretty chill Bartenders...yea. 

That's about it.
We went here for wings. They were pretty bad. But at 35 cents a piece, how much can I complain?

The food is incredibly cheap, but make sure you have several of their inexpensive beers before eating anything, or you won't enjoy.

Good place for getting drunk and/or fulfilling drunk munchies on a budget.

Bad for anything that won't end in regretted decisions or hangovers.
I have been to Drinkers many times but last night was the first weeknight/ non late night appearance. I went around 730 to watch the Phillies take down #102 (boo ya) and the rest of the baseball drama unfold. Unfortunately, I left before all the games could end as I was not impressed.

My buddy and I ordered some food and pitchers. $6 domestic $9 import pitchers for the 7-9 daily happy hour is pretty sweet. So are $1 hot dogs and $1 tacos. In addition, I had the burger which was overcooked and didn't come with the cheese I asked for; Fries were decent though. My friend who I have never seen not finish a meal got halfway through his chipotle chicken sandwich and threw in the towel, just that bad. 

We were sitting toward the back and every other table in our row had the same problem of being dripped on from the overhead pipes. It was too busy to move elsewhere so I just repositioned my stool. It was still annoying to keep catching rain drops falling out inside out of the corner of my eye.

In conclusion, I'll still be back to Drinkers for night caps to put myself out of my misery at the bar.
Came here for a quick drink with a friend since I was in town.

Just your plain ol' bar. Nothing too special but I would say that the waitresses were very good at coming by to make sure you were taken care of! So pretty good service.

The food and drink prices are very reasonable- $1 tacos! 

I didn't try the food, but I would say this place can get you drunk with limited funds :) So it's a go!
I avoided this place for a long time...the extreme volume and crowds I often see aren't my cup of tea.

However, on a weeknight I saw it was nearly empty and they had cheap eats and drinks.  Got a corn dog, nachos, and beer.  Healthy, right?

Here's the thing, if you can make it in here when it's not just full of loud, drunk Jersey types, it's worth it.  The staff was really nice, the food was decent, and the prices are fair.  Or, if you love loud, drunk people you can go when it's crowded.
GREAT specials! $10 margarita pitchers (well made), $5 beer pitchers, $0.25 wings and $1 tacos after 7PM on weekdays. Their soft tacos are sooo good. Yes its true that it does get pack, especially with the specials, and it can get uncomfortable. And it gets incredibly loud so you have to shout into the ear of the person next to you. But if you get here early enough you can grab a booth and watch everyone else sardine themselves in front of the bar lol Bartenders and the waitresses are friendly, our waitress was kickass but I can't remember her name..kinda sounded like Lily. 
Go for the specials!
This place is the best at being what it is.  If your goal is to get shitfaced with a bunch of other people doing the same, go to drinkers.  The bartenders are awesome.  They're friendly and it's really impressive how well they handle such a crowded bar.  I never have to wait long to be served, and that's just impressive for such a busy place.

I was also really surprised to find that the food is pretty good.  It might just be my really low expectations, but I've always been happy with my meals there, especially the taco salad.

40s shouldn't be $8, though...come on! $5 would be fair.
was good ....... had awesome time thr only thee thing was too much crowd for little space but overall ambience was good.....loved it
