"He who has never done anything wrong has never done anything right."―Amish proverb

Located in the Reading Terminal Market (RTM), the Dutch Eating Place is a true gem in a sea of amazing fare. We passed-by it several times when we first visited the market and the "As seen on Food Network" sign caught my eye, but I usually try not to get caught up in hype. So, we went and did our milling-about-smartly thing thru DT Philly and on the way back to the car, we decided to pop-in and see what's doing―plus I had a hankering for something sweet. 

So their Apple Dumplings ($3.25) come out in two ways: w/ whipped cream (aka boring-style) or w/ a small pitcher of heavy cream to pour on (aka get this). My girl preferred the whipped (at least she has good taste in men) but the heavy cream was absolutely delightful―but I'm getting ahead of myself.

First off the dumplings come out fresh-baked from the oven with a crust that is so deliciously crisp and buttery, and when combined with the soft, cinnamon apple interior it really made for one of the simplest and most amazing desserts I've had in awhile. Now the whipped cream was good, but the heavy cream method to me was just spectacular; yeah I'm sure the calories are increased dramatically but the rich, velvety cream when combined with the dumpling was like a pillowy-cinnamony-velvety smooth symphony in my mouth. I can't stop thinking about it.

If you come to the RTM and only have one place to eat at come and eat here. And listen to me when I say this: get two! For such a low price to flavor value you almost can't afford not to! You'll thank me later, and you're welcome.
The Dutch Eating Place is an informal luncheonette in the middle of the Reading Terminal Market, which I think is one of the very best indoor markets in the world.  They just have a modest counter with all the people walking around in the market behind you.

However, it is probably the most authentic meal I have had in ages.  The waitresses are all traditional, very modest Pennsylvania Dutch ladies.  (I sincerely hope I didn't get the terminology wrong.)  They're not just dressed up like in Disney World.  They are real, and they are a pleasure to do business with.

Pennsylvania Dutch food was organic before organic was cool.  The food is prepared the hard and better way.  I got the chicken pot pie, and it just tasted the way food is supposed to taste, instead of out of a box.  My bill was also dirt cheap at $10.70, which included the meal, bread & butter, cole slaw, and a drink.  The butter was the tastiest ever.
If you had to pick one thing to try at Reading Terminal Market, the Apple Dumplings at Dutch Eating Place would be my pick.

I'm not even a fan of Apple Dumplings, but this place completely changed my mind about Dumplings. Top 5 desserts I've ever devoured and Apple Dumplings at this place could definitely battle for first place. 

The Amish know how to bake, that is for sure. The pastry around the Apple was phenomenal and the Apple itself was perfect... absolutely perfect. The right amount of spices and sweetness was on point.  And I went with the whipped cream while my boyfriend chose the heavy cream instead. Both were good but I preferred the whipped. 

We couldn't stop thinking about our dessert---and we're still thinking about it! Can't wait to go back and if you get the chance to visit Philly, you won't regret stopping by for an Apple Dumpling at the Dutch Eating Place.
Start your day the Amish way! This is the saying around here, plus you'll see it hanging up on a shirt. The Amish never fail, nor do they joke around when it comes to food. Portions are ginormous, the quality of the dishes always have that fresh taste to it, plus the cost is ridiculously  cheap.  I don't get it , the quality and quantity they serve to the customer for that price, it feels like you are robbing them. 

I will tell you this my fellow Yelpers, with the portions that these guys serve per plate , I now know how the Amish can build a barn in a day. 

As we were sitting at the counter they have these little jars of deliciousness along the counter just waiting for you. What is this you wonder? I'll tell you , this is their homemade strawberry jam with nice pieces of strawberries mixed in for you to spread on your toast or even pacakes. We ordered some coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice that they bring from back home. Simply the best orange juice I have had so far, the best I say! 

Lets get this party started with the all important first meal of the day!

Breakfast~
Blueberry Pancakes~ 3 ginormous fluffly blueberry filled bad boys that was simply delicious. Even amounts of blueberries per pancake is what you'll enjoy, not little specks of blueberries either.  I also went with scrambled eggs and a side of sasuage and a few pieces of bacon with homefries. Now mind you this was my first time ordering so I never knew of their portion size. Clearly safe to say I brought food back with me that morning, but now I know.  

I ask you when you order bacon or sausage you are expecting little links and some skimpy bacon. Dutch Eating Place, well they do not believe in that skimpy little stuff they will feed you. The bacon, a nice thick cut, and the sausage link they serve you is huge. It is one link basically cut in half, which you could cut in half and it still will be to big. 

My partner in crime went with a Western Omelet, that was busting out where the egg could no longer hold things together. His dish must have weighed about 3 lbs in total weight. The omelet stuffed with tomatoes, ham, cheese, onions, and so forth was in his masterpiece. This was a meal he could not finish also, but he did do some pretty good damage to this.

These guys are always packed , with a waiting line that would scare anyone off. If you are in line, stay in line, they do a great job of getting you in fed, and on your way. Our server was Angela who is a great waitress by the way. Angela will give you her best insights on whats the top sellers that people have enjoyed. Pretty much she is on point making sure you are fully accommodated. 

Dutch Eating Place is a must vist for everyone to enjoy. This is another gem you'll experience at Reading Terminal Market.
Years before Honey's or Sabrina's ever furled their brunch-y banners, the bearded ringmaster of the Dutch Eating Place was nourishing the masses vying for a place at his double-U counter in the Reading Terminal Market.

You won't find stuffed french toast or upmarket huevos rancheros here, but rather well-executed and inexpensive fundamentals of Pennsylvania homestyle food:  corned beef hash, roasted turkey with gravy, handcut French fries, and warm apple dumplings gilded with heavy cream.

Service by the Amish staff is soft-spoken and speedy; they have been at this for years, and it shows.  For out-of-towners, this could very well be the meal they have in Philadelphia and remember for years.
A (kind of) hidden gem tucked in the back of Reading Terminal Market, and a breakfast haven before heading to work. I grabbed a stool before heading to the office and was delighted by the entire experience (eating in the sleepy market on a weekday morning, the friendly service, the homestyle food/atmosphere.)

I had to go with one of my favorites - Scrapple, egg, and cheese on a bagel. It came out quickly, and was piping hot. The bagel must have been brushed with butter, because it was a delightfully buttery, greasy, and scrapple-y experience. I also ordered a half order of the home fries, which intrigued me, but kind of left me underwhelmed. 

Service gets a special shout out, as the two women behind the counter were managing a nearly full counter and lots of tourists walking by with ease and a smile. Great value, great service, and a enjoyable atmosphere.
This is probably the best place to eat inside Reading Terminal Market in Downtown Philadelphia, so if you can only make one stop, go to Dutch Eating Place. Delicious homemade food that is fresh and very well priced.

The Mennonite-run eatery (not to be confused with the Amish) has TV-famous hot apple dumpling that is really one of a kind and a must-try. For less than $3, it is big, so share it with 1 or 2 other people. You can get it with a side of running cream, the traditional way to eat it (versus whipped cream). They also have shoo-fly pie (dry version) which is becoming harder to find and only available in Dutch bakeries in certain parts of the country.

In addition to these two must-try desserts, they have savory eats like oven roasted turkey served open faced, sandwiches, pot pie, daily specials, a full breakfast menu, etc. I really appreciate that they do NOT over salt their food! I have been to other Dutch eateries where they make their food way too salty, but thank heavens they do not here. The food tastes very fresh; even a simple turkey sandwich was amazing!

This place is popular and the U-shaped counter fills up with people, especially during the lunch hour. They open early at 8AM and close at either 3PM or 5PM depending on which day it is. We saw the friendly staff very graciously serving people right up until closing time.
With my first return visit to Reading Terminal Market, I arrived pretty early for breakfast.  I walked around for a while looking for something different to try, but I really just couldn't resist going back to Dutch Eating Place, especially for another round of Scrapple!

I ordered it with buttered toast and one egg (http://bit.ly/2uQawig).  The first time I had Scapple a few years ago, I thought it was good, but a little dry, even after pouring maple syrup over it.  This time around, it was very moist and more savory.  Not sure why it wasn't like this the first time, but I'm glad that was better this time around!  And of course, based from my last experience with my cousin, I doused it again with syrup to give it a sweet and salty flavor.  It was epic!  

Dutch Eating Place is really how you do breakfast at Reading Terminal Market.  But whether it be for breakfast or lunch, you just can't leave without having their Scrapple!
After my eating spree in RTM on Tues., I was so enamored that I convinced my folks to stop here for brunch before I had to catch my train back to Pittsburgh today. Because of the type of food served and the limited hours, brunch seemed like the best way to tackle Dutch Eating Place, a required stop in RTM, so we allowed a couple of hours to brave the Sat. morning rush.  When we arrived, the line was about ten people deep, but it moved quickly, so we were seated within half an hour.

Once we were seated, we placed our orders: a blueberry pancake special (me), a pumpkin spice pancake special (my dad), and a french toast (my mom).  They both had coffee, while I sprung for the fresh squeezed orange juice.  Our orders took about 10 min. to prepare, and all of them came with a generous helping of butter, as well as turkey bacon for my dad's and my orders.  These were some delicious pancakes--light yet substantial, and definitely a cut above those served at IHOP and Perkins, as even my mom admitted!  I had a bite of both my mom's and my dad's orders, and they were both good--their version of pumpkin spice surprisingly flavorful and well-seasoned, in this age of bland pumpkin flavored foods.  Even so, my favorite was the blueberry pancakes, which contained plenty of delicious, juicy, fresh blueberries. The juice tasted like a bright, sunny morning--the way orange juice *should* taste, but rarely does.  The turkey bacon added a welcome savory note to the sweet pancakes, but was definitely better hot off the griddle--I saved some to cut the sweetness of the pancakes, but it wasn't nearly as good after it cooled.

Once we'd finished the pancakes, we ordered the must-have item: the apple dumpling.  Per the advice of other Yelpers, I ordered it with both whipped and heavy cream, and asked to have it warmed.  Even though I'm not generally a fan of desserts involving apples, the dumpling was absolutely delicious!  Even my mom, who often doesn't appreciate my foodie finds, raved about it.  Drizzled lightly with heavy cream, the sweet but-not-saccharine flavors and light and crisp textures were pure apple dessert heaven!

I definitely concur that Dutch Eating Place is a must-visit in RTM, esp. during breakfast hours.  If/when I visit again, I'd love to try some of their comfort food lunch offerings, which look delectable, as well as the grilled sticky bun (drool).  4.5 stars.
Local or visitor. You should try Dutch Eating Place.
Seriously--you should.
Because even if you weren't a breakfast person, this "made-from-scratch" Amish Omelette is good enough to convince you otherwise. Omelette are always a true crowd-pleaser, so I got the Western Omelette. It was overstuffed with chopped tomatoes and onion, cheese, and upscaled with Turkey sausage, and served with toasted and buttered Rye bread. A substantial breakfast, and can easily serve two. That's why the Western Omelette is an all-time favorite item. As does Blueberry Pancakes, for that matter, I just haven't tried them yet.

Yes, you'll always be greeted with a smile and a packed house. 
Yes, the friendly staff ( in their cute traditional Amish garb) will accept your payment of credit cards, cash, or RTM gift cards.
Yes, your meal will be substantial, and will set you back less than $7.

P.S. The Western Omelette comes with bacon, but I asked to substitute it with Turkey sausage. 

Four Yelps
The Dutch Eating Place is located in the Amish section of the Reading Terminal Market, which is America's oldest farmers market. Most of the purveyor's inhabiting this famous market have outstanding local offerings and it's never easy to pick and choose which great eats you'll have on any particular day, but you can rest assure that all of the Amish delights are a treat.
 
The Dutch Eating Place is always hopping, with quite a large circular counter which is usually full. They serve a hearty breakfast or lunch and are known for their delicious homemade food. Another thing they are well known for are their homemade apple dumplings with plenty of cinnamon and brown sugar sauce. I so enjoyed the warm dumpling loaded with awesome freshly whipped cream, that I bought a container of four to bring home. 
 
The ones that I had brought home weren't quite cooked enough, even after thoroughly heating, quite doughy actually, but an extra 10 to 15 minutes did the trick and while still hot we enjoyed them with a good vanilla bean ice cream, hello yum. They also have a nice variety of freshly baked breads, which I took advantage of. Can you even begin to imagine how wonderful this place smells? If visiting Philly, the Reading Terminal is a must, and while there do stop by the Dutch Eating Place!
This is a must try in Philadelphia.  I went with some friends and we had to sit in two groups because it's just counter service and the place is packed, but they do a great job of managing the line and trying to sit people together.

The menu is simple but the food is awesome.  My friends got pancakes and they were so huge I know I wouldn't eat for a week if I had them.  The blueberries they used were also gigantic!

I had eggs, bacon and toast and I don't think I've ever had eggs that were so delicious.  The nice lady asked if I wanted cheese in them and I said "yes" so maybe that's what sent them over the edge, but they were seriously on a whole other level from what I'm used to.  The bacon also reminded me of a disconnected telephone because it was off the hook!

Service was fast and friendly.  And the coffee was amazing too!
Scrapple!  I have no idea what's in it and really didn't have a clue what it was until I saw it on TV where they were holding a Scrapple Festival.  But I didn't really care about the the contents of this brick of meat because I've heard that it's really good!!  Dutch Eating Place is definitely the place to go if you want some of that.

Located inside Reading Terminal Market, my cousin and I stopped over for breakfast and we both ordered their Scrapple.  Of course yours truly wanted a little bit more with my Scrapple so had it with Eggs and French Toast -- http://bit.ly/142cOG0

Everything was really good and the Scrapple definitely surprised me.  I never realized how dense this brick of meat was, but it had a lot of flavor.  And with my cousin's recommendation, I was surprised again by how it tasted when I added maple syrup to it.  Sweet and savory just how an epic breakfast should be.

After my meal I was totally stuffed and very satisfied.  It was a great experience and I would definitely come again for more Scrapple!!
WARNING!
This ride is a dangerous breakfast assault! Please follow the following guidelines to insure your own safety and the safety of others:

- Please keep your arms and elbows inside your designated area at all times. We pack a lot of people at this counter and can't have you ruining their breakfast because you have to gesture to make a point.

- Please present a doctor's release form before eating if you have had a heart attack within the last 6 months. We can't be prosecuted again because some guy's coronary arteries couldn't handle our butter volume.

- Please stay calm when you talk about how much you love the apple dumpling. It is really good. We know. Everyone knows. Why don't you just tell us, in an excited voice, that grass is green and cats are all unaffectionate pets that hate their masters, Captain Obvious?

- Don't ask if our menu prices are right. They are. I know you're used to paying 14 dollars for latkes and farm fresh eggs with scallion, foie gras, and a red wine reduction during breakfast/brunch. This is not that kind of place.

- Take the heavy cream with the apple dumpling, you coward.

- Do not dally after your meal. You can see the line forming, right? Yeah, well they are waiting for you to leave. Show them a little courtesy and get up once the bill is paid. 

- Enjoy the ride!
If your visiting Philly and want to try one of the best restaurants at Reading Terminal Market, it is MANDATORY you eat at Dutch Eating Place. If you're a breakfast/brunch type of person you'll absolutely love this place. I got my order to go since that line is shorter I get my food faster that way. I came for their breakfast special and got their blueberry pancakes with bacon. This is the kind of breakfast that's greasy (the good kind) that will put your arteries in a state of shock, but man everything came out fresh and delicious. I will have to come back here next time to try more stuff. A MUST VISIT IN PHILLY!
The Dutch Eating Place is where the Amish party's at. I'm so loyal to this spot and I'm nowhere near Dutch or Amish. The food is handmade down to the cream and I wouldn't be surprised if they had some chickens for eggs and someone churning butter in the back. And the workers are genuinely happy to please (so rare in Philly).

The lunch is okay, but the breakfast is spectacular and $5 tops. Last time, I tried the scrapple, a Philly trademark. I've never had non-store bought scrapple before (which is more like a ham cold cut) and was surprised when I found their scrapple to be crispy on the outside and truly thick and hearty. 

Nothing to do with the food, but I so badly want to peek under the female workers' bonnets and see what their hair looks like. Being a modern girl, my hair gets wrecked after years of dying and chopping, but their's has to be virgin hair. It must be so silky and long... 

But if anything, if I'm at the Dutch Eating Place, and the world is going to be destroyed in 2 minutes and I have time to order one thing, I'd get a hot apple dumpling. And then I'd drizzle, no drench, that baby in cream, and dig in.. because about now I have 1 minute left.

It's closed on Sundays and worth the wait. Come on weekdays early morning to avoid waiting.
Holy crap does this place bring back good memories. back when I worked in Reading Terminal this was the place to go to for lunch without question! Picture and old time diner, only one that has friendly Amish people working the counter. That pretty much exactly sums up what you get with this gem.

And the food is pretty smoking in it's own right. They have the best fresh cut french fries in Philadelphia, and they make a mouth watering bacon cheese burger that's loaded with fresh lettuce, tomato, and onions. but the hottest thing might just be the abundance of home cooked apple turnovers that they dish out. sooooo good!
I keep harping on my recent disappointing visit to Down Home Diner whenever I review a breakfast place in Reading Terminal.  But this time, I really can't stress this enough...

Everything the Down Home Diner isn't, everything that it should be, the Dutch Eating Place is.  

It was so good, that my wife is currently trying to insert herself in this review.  She keeps saying to me things like "Be sure to tell them how nice the waitress is" and "I want to go back tomorrow".  

It really was a perfect breakfast experience.  

Heck, all she had was a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on toast and she was impressed.  I went with the Apple French Toast special that included turkey bacon and fresh squeezed orange juice for $7.99.  

I never had French Toast so thickly dipped in egg before.  It worked so well with the apple flavor.  And I'm still dreaming about that orange juice.  Sweet and tangy, the way it should be.  

I didn't even have the hot apple dumpling yet.  I was too full.  But I did witness this from another patron at the counter.  He started by polishing off one whole dumpling, them moved to a full stack of pancakes, topped off with a plate of eggs and sausage.  

I wanted to applaud that man.  That's an eating performance.  

Needless to say this will not be my last visit.  It continues to bolster the basic theory that you really can never go wrong with good Amish cooking.  They may not be gourmet chefs, but they never cut corners and they take pride in serving you a good meal  Which is far more than I can say for some places.
Dutch Eating Place had delicious hearty Dutch/Amish-styled breakfasts. The food is filling and reasonably priced; our waitress was very genuine and sweet. Wait times were reasonable.

There was something very charming and calming about eating here in the midst of the bustling crowded Reading Terminal. Maybe the style of the food, our Amish waitress, or the cute U-shaped breakfast counter. We waited 30 minutes to sit and eat (for 5 people!).

Protip: line up in the dining line. That is the line closer to the restaurant. 
It's also easier to get a seat if you have less people (1-2 being ideal). 

Dutch Eating Place is known for their apple dumpling and scrapple. 
So I've never had scrapple either before, so I ordered the farmer's special which included scrapple with toast, 2 eggs and home fries ($7.95) and shared the apple dumpling ($3). 

Scrapple is pork scraps (hog offal like head, heart, liver) made into a loaf and cut into slices. Then the slices are pan fried. This scrapple was light and savory with a crunchy golden brown crust. It was delicious. It tasted like pork meatloaf that was panfried. 

The blueberry pancakes were beautiful: juicy plump fresh blueberries in a light fluffy pancake. This was very filling and surprisingly good. 

The apple dumpling was a single cored sweetened roasted apple surrounded by chicken-pot pie-crust. The roasted sugary apple was delicious. The pastry dough was ok. 

The grits were creamy smooth. The turkey bacon was crisped and salty. 

I loved it! I would definitely return for that apple dumpling, the blueberry pancakes and a side of scrapple.
The hot apple dumpling. The best meal in Reading Market. That's it. 

Skip the line by ordering it at the register and grabbing a table elsewhere. The dough surrounding the smooth apple is the softest dough I've ever had, so buttery and thick and delicious, dipping in their divine, sweet applesauce. 

5 stars!!!!!!!
10 Hints for Enjoying the Dutch Eating Place:

1. Go for breakfast. 

2. Get there early because it WILL be crowded. Especially if there is a convention in town or even worse if it's during the Auto Show or the Flower Show. The market opens at 8 AM so you want to be in line waiting to get in.

3. Don't go on a Sunday, a Monday, on December 26th (an Amish holiday), or any other holiday when the Reading Terminal Market is closed because the Dutch Eating Place is closed and you will go hungry.

4. Sit at the counter. Is there a line? Be patient because it moves quickly. Don't do takeout because you don't want to eat on styrofoam with plastic utensils.

5. Order the pancakes. Trust me. I eat them  on a weekly basis. They are generally massive and fluffy. They come in regular or blueberry but sometimes they have special ones like strawberry, chocolate chip, banana, or pumpkin ones. Just ask your pleasant Amish server. All of the pancakes are very good. Hint: you may want to order them "dry" if you are averse to having them served with a large pat of Amish butter on them. You can order the butter on the side and it will be served in a separate container.

6. Order a side dish like bacon (order it crispy) or turkey bacon (if you are feeling healthful and are trying to counteract what you will do to your body eating the pancakes. The home fries are good too and they have two types of sausage you can order. From out of town? Order the scrapple. What is it? Don't ask...just enjoy. it. You can eat it with ketchup or syrup. 

7. Dig in!

8. Still hungry? No way? (see #9)

9. Did I mention that the apple dumplings are really good here too?

10. Enjoy! Just don't step on a scale for a few days!
Unlike what Brian S.'s deluge of photos might suggest, the Dutch Eating Place does, in fact, offer more than simply pancakes and turkey bacon. So very, very much more. Nestled in the heart of Reading Terminal Market, I couldn't think of a better option for an impromptu weekday brunch than this counter. Sure, on weekends the line can get so long you wonder if there's gold in them-there pancakes. And while my partner-in-dine went for a more sweet route featuring french toast (and bacon. so, so much bacon) I opted for eggs, buttered rye toast, and the plumpest, juiciest sausage links I've possibly ever tasted. 

The other thing about this joint.... wow, talk about bang for your buck. Easily an unsung hero for filling your belly on a budget. 

If you're able to beat (or tolerate) the lines, grab a spot at the counter and unbuckle your belt a notch or two. You're in for a treat.
As the founder of the Yelp Haute Dumpling Club, it is safe to say I've had my fair share of dumplings in my lifetime. Living in the Washington, DC area most of the dumplings I have consumed are of the Asian variety so when I was in Philly I was excited to try the stuffed breads of the Pennsylvania Dutch and the Polish.

I had an hour to kill at Reading Terminal so I pulled up my trusty Yelp app to lead me to the best of the best in this crowded market. Dutch Eating Place immediately popped up on my radar. While many people were waxing poetic about their scrapple breakfast, I was just one tiny Asian girl with a mission to compact as much food from as many different stands into my stomach in a limited time, so I had to narrow down my choices to one and the apple dumpling was the winning entree!

Yes, I said entree. It is listed as a dessert but this "dumpling" is not the cute tiny dumplings I am used to seeing back home. This dumpling is bigger than my big, round, moon face. When I ordered, the cashier asked me if I wanted heavy cream or whipped cream on it. I had no idea why anyone would pour heavy cream on top of a pastry so I went with the whipped cream. It came out hot and steamy in a styrofoam container. I opened it up and it literally looked like one half of a whipped cream bikini...it was that big y'all.

I thanked the Lord for my opportunity to join the Apple Dumpling Gang and dug in. Turns out an apple dumpling consists of one whole cinnamon apple baked into a giant crust. It was delicious! But way too much for one person to consume. I took three more bites and to the trash it went. 

Totally worth the $3 or so, but please for heaven's sake...BRING A FRIEND...MAYBE THREE.  This dumpling is not for the faint hearted.
I was told this was the best place in Philadelphia to have breakfast. They were correct!

The affordable and delicious breakfast is admirable about the Dutch Eating Place. The amount of customers that rolls in you would think they would raise their prices as other establishments do but of course they haven't.

I ordered a ham egg omelette with a side of toasted bread, My order came fairly quickly. I had a freshly squeezed orange juice, and my omelette hand more ham the I imagine. It was delicious and I admit I was surprised how well the service is.
Really inexpensive by California standards. I honestly though the portions were SUPER generous and the quality of the food was top notch. 

Blueberry pancakes were fresh, buttery and HUGE portions. Eggs, toast and bacon were also solid.

Cinnamon french toast was amazing... generous, great cinnamon flavor and really, really hit the spot for breakfast. 

I think our tab was under $20, so we tipped generously for good service and an amazing breakfast.
Friendly fast service,delicious food at reasonable prices, what more can you want, what more can I say.
For those who know me it should be obvious that my dining style leans toward the finer side - and for breakfast to the eclectic or kitsch.  With that noted, my fourth day in Philadelphia would be something different - a trip to the Reading Terminal Market to experience the oft raved about Dutch Eating Place.  Having eaten Amish food only twice (and in the distant past) I remembered it to be buttery and filling, down home and unpretentious, but overall natural and quite good.

Having already seen the location on my daily walks through the Market I found the Dutch Eating place without difficulty after a healthy walk from the Italian Village.  Arriving only 20 minutes after opening I found a cozy counter spot next to a couple of Pittsburgh natives already indulging on scrapple and pancakes - for those who've never been, the seating is entirely counter-facing stools with a "take out" area located to the right.  Greeted almost immediately by a polite young girl dressed in traditional Amish attire I was offered coffee which I declined, water was filled, and I was presented with a menu.  Throughout the meal my service would be proficient and polite despite the gathering throng of awaiting diners.

Sipping my water and admittedly a little uncomfortable with being elbow to elbow with fellow diners and a line of persons waiting for a seat behind me it did not take long before my order was placed and my first dish would arrive.  Never one to shy away from sweets before savories (or no savories at all) my Apple Dumpling would arrive at nearly the size of a softball and when asked whether I fancied whipped cream or heavy cream I went with tradition.  Dousing the buttery cinnamon laden orb with sweet cream and taking a bite I was admittedly impressed as the buttery pie shell held up nicely to the steaming apple and cream.  I always contest that I don't eat at "down home" restaurants because I can do better at home, but in this case I'm not sure that is the case.

My second dish from the Amish would be a short stack of the blueberry pancakes.  With fresh blueberries from Jersey already in the batter I watched the elder cooks ladle a huge scoop of batter from a large bucket onto the butter laden grill before turning my attention back to the dumpling.  Moments later, almost too fast to have been expected, the plate would arrive with two large circumference but somewhat flat cakes topped with a mountain of fresh butter.  While lacking fluffiness, the flavor of the cakes was everything I'd hoped and after a heavy pour of rich maple syrup the flavors all melded together nicely.  Certainly not the best pancakes I've ever had - but probably the best I've ever had for less than $3.  

Finishing up a solid breakfast and leaving a $10 including a sizable tip I must admit that The Dutch Eating Place is a bargain to behold - quality fare, quality service, and a clever concept in such an urban environment...certainly better than New York's attempts at a similar feel (Good Enough To Eat) and, admittedly, down home food that is probably better than I've made for breakfast at home in quite some time.
Late breakfast here on the first morning of the visit to Philly.  Late because I stood in line forever.  I won't say that it was worth the wait, because honestly, is any restaurant worth such a delay?  But breakfast was quite tasty.
Pancakes are huge.  Not fluffy, but still great.  My western omelet needed more butter, more cheese, more peppers and more ham, but it was still satisfying, and with a side of scrapple, all was right in the universe, if only briefly.
One suggestion: "fresh-squeezed" does not mean that your OJ should be room temperature (which, for Reading Terminal market, is about 90 degrees).
Wish I had tried an apple dumpling, but the Children of the Corn were rushing me to make way for others in line and it slipped my mind.  Not that I really blame them, though, because if I had to deal with such rude regular customers every day, I'd probably want to move them along quickly, too.  At least they get a fair number of non-locals coming through who don't belittle them to their faces and who actually leave tips, unlike all of the locals around us that morning.

Overall, 6/10.
Great place for breakfast!

Things to note:
* There are two lines -- one for take out and one for seating. Make sure you know which line you're in. Waits can be long, but not terrible.
* Seating -- don't come with more than 4 people. 2 is probably the best number.
* Service -- quick and easy. They've organized themselves pretty effectively, with two bars encircling the staff space so that they can easily bring orders out to patrons.
* Best things to get -- fresh squeezed orange juice, fried apple dumpling, and bacon.
* Overrated, but good nonetheless -- apple french toast and blueberry pancakes.
I've passed the Dutch Eating Place countless times, and never waited in line for a seat at the counter until today.

It's breakfast. How good could it be? 

Wow. Just wow. Granted, I went in with limited expectations, but it has been a long time since a meal has made me this happy. Was everything great? Not quite. But most of it was excellent, and the service was extraordinary. 

After this one visit, I have a few useful tips.

- We arrived for breakfast at 10am on Tuesday. And there was no line.
- Skip the scrambled eggs. They are flat-top style, and just meh.
- For the love of God get the breakfast sausage. 
- Actually consider going double meat so you can get scrapple too.
- Even though it's not on the menu, you can get just one pancake.
- Order smaller than you would otherwise, everything is big.
- Even if you're not a toast person, get the toast.
- Use the toast as a vehicle for butter and the table jam.
- Save room for the apple dumpling with heavy cream, not whipped. 
- The whipped comes from a can. 
- As others have stated, you'll tip in cash, and you'll tip a lot.
- Kids loved the chocolate milk.
- Get a final top off of coffee and take it to go.
- You'll need the energy to walk off all those carbs.

I've got to say, there's no more Philly feeling than walking around old school with a belly full of Dutch Eating Place goodness, and the taste of scrapple in your mouth. 

This place is truly a gem for breakfast. Even the potatoes which didn't look like much, were delightfully crispy. So were the bacon strips. If it wasn't completely irresponsible, I'd recommend getting triple meat. But lots of places can make great bacon. I've never had breakfast sausage quite this good, and the scrapple is a must when in this part of America.
As much as I love this market, I hate everything that comes with it. Well, basically just the lines. I hate the lines and the crowds of tourists. But it's just not fair because so much of the food and desserts are actually really delicious. I hadn't yet tried this breakfast/lunch spot, so we braved the line (that actually moved fairly quickly), got two stools and gave it a whirl. 

I think I may have just ordered the wrong thing. My boyfriend and I both got omelettes, one veggie and one western. They were kind of runny and neither had that much flavor. I should have known. A lot of the reviews here are for pancakes or the apple dumplings. So I should have known to go sweet, not savory. But u just loveeeee omelettes. I am sure the pancakes here are incredible, they definitely looked it, and my god they were huge. But my experience was below par. If you brave the line, I'd suggest you just opt for not an omelette. 

The waitresses were all extremely friendly and although the line is looming over you, they never make you feel like you need to rush and get out of there. I can't say I'd deal with the line again.
What is not to love about a breakfast joint that serves farm-fresh eggs, Amish-made scrapple and great coffee in the midst of the  hustle and bustle of Reading Terminal?  One will not find experimental or cutting-edge cooking techniques here (no foams, no nitrogen-frozen goodies) but one will find terrific authentic, home-style food efficiently served with a smile.  

Legions of Yelpers have already detailed the merits of specific dishes (and even the farm-churned butter :-)),  We have ordered a wide selection of their breakfast offerings and have always been pleased and left sated.  In addition to the Dutch Eating Place's absolute merits, its relative merits include the fact that it is among a tiny number of quality breakfast places on the east side of Broad Street.  After the closures of Marathon and Blue on Green, most of the  remaining decent breakfast places are located in the Reading Terminal, as a Yelp search will disclose.   Enjoy!
This place is pretty magical. I'd like to go live with the Amish if they always eat such rich, buttery, delicious old-school cooking like this.

I only tried the apple dumplings because I was already stuffed full of cheesesteak but it was such a decadent dessert that I'll be dreaming of until next time.

It was warm and gooey with flaky pastry and homemade whipped cream on top.

Reading Terminal Market was really cool so definitely go check it out and get some apple dumplings.
The prices here are amazing and the food hits the spot. Whether it's the blueberry pancakes or the apple cinnamon french toast, you can't go wrong. I usually go with the french toast special because it comes with three slices of turkey bacon and freshly squeezed orange juice, all for $8! If you're near it, and even if you're not, it's worth stopping by.
This place is not for the faint of heart.  Literally.  If you have a faint heart, you should not eat here.  The menu is chock FULL of scrumptious, artery-clogging goodness.  Move over Paula Deen, no one does butter like the Pennsylvania Dutch.

Know that if you go on Saturday, there will be a line for a seat at the counter.  But there's a reason for that line.  The food is yummmmmy!  Don't let it stop you though.  It moves super, super quick.  But if you can, go during the week (but not Mondays, they're closed!).

And don't be fooled by the insanely reasonable prices, the portions are HUGE.  Split, split, split!  Or have a heart attack.  Your choice.

The pancakes are insane delicious.  Not because they are fancy or have creative artisan ingredients though.  They are just simple, basic pancakes done right.  Done really right.

Dutch Eating Place is a Reading Terminal must!  And while you're at it pick up some pastry from Beiler's.  Mmm... mmm... mmm!
It's always packed, and you know why? Because the food here is awesome! It's worth the wait though, and the workers are super efficient about re-arranging everyone around so that there is space for everyone, reminded me of when you're waiting in line at Disney except that the end result is much more delicious. 

So being in Philly, I was told that I could not bypass eating scrapple, and it looked tasty enough but then when it arrived at the table and I dug my fork in, I immediately realized why it is called "SCRAP-PLE" But anyway, let's dig into the other food items here.
I think I probably ate the best raisin-cinnamon bread ever here. You can tell fresh baked bread to something that's been sitting in a shelf for a while and this is the real deal so in the end my eggs, and raisin cinnamon bread were more than enough to fill me up. Our food was really inexpensive too. It was three of us with orders of coffee as well and it came out to only $16; insane! Don't forget to tip, those girls/guys well, they work hard to keep everything organized and fast paced to cater to the large crowds, it really is admirable.
Visiting Philadelphia for the first time.  We asked the concierge where to dine for breakfast.  Without hesitation he said the Dutch Eating Place! It's located in the Reading Terminal Market.  Many of the places in here are run by the Amish community.  

With only being in town for a weekend, we were here 3 times.  We loved it that much. The sticky bun with pecans... Yum.  The ham and cheese omelet... Delicious.  Blueberry pancakes... Delectable.  Turkey BLT... Love it.  Everything we devoured was great!

Service here is impeccable.  They are the most polite and attentive.  Anything you needed was brought out so quickly.  

There was a constant line for take out and their seats were always filled.  With wonderful food and service, you can't go wrong!
This place gives me a warm, weird feeling in my heart. It's not love. It's my arteries clogging up with deliciousness. Maybe some love. 

Came here solo on a Saturday morning around 10, and the line had already formed. Didn't wait long. It seemed waves of people would get up at once. Maybe a 15 minute wait. It's worth it. 

Sat down near the back corner where it's less hectic with the crowds walking by. Could be a little annoying with people walking by starring at your food while you're trying to eat. 

After a big week of eating, and a wedding later that day, I couldn't eat too much. So I only got a bacon egg & cheese and they beloved apple dumpling. In all seriousness though it was the right move. 

People's plates are huge here. I was sitting next to three people while I ate. All of which got the pancakes or one of the breakfast dishes. None of them finished. Granted, they are not me, but for all three not to finish it means the place provides serious portions. 

The bacon egg & cheese is the right size if you want to get something else, and you're not splitting your meal. It's not small, but rather a good sized sandwich. I got mine on their fresh made kaiser roll. It was good stuff. 

And now for everyone's favorite, THE APPLE DUMPLING. Is the hype real? Yes, very much so. Not a fan of cream, so I opted for it naked. I wanted to get all nasty with it. The only request I made was for it to be extra hot. Oh baby! Now I kept reading these reviews, claiming that it's really big (I swear I'm not trying to sexualize this review, it just seems that way), but I devoured this baby like it was nothing. Piece of cake. 

The service is wonderful. They are always smiling, despite working at 10 am on a Saturday. The manager came by and checked up on me. The people next to me started a conversation with me. Probably because they felt bad for me being all by myself, that and my hideous face. 

If you're visiting Philadelphia, make sure you get yourself here for some breakfast.
Basically there's nothing I can tell you that has not been said. All the foods are heaven-sent. I once knew (of) a girl who would eat Country Crock Butter Spread with a spoon or her fingers like it was peanut butter. Now the mere thought makes me almost want to gag. Sometimes I think the smell of butter is too, animal-y. I'm no vegan but you get it, sometimes it's too much. That said, this place's freshly churned butter is the closest I will ever come to eating straight butter. They give you a hefty amount of butter with anything you order, and I do mean anything. I saw a lady get a single egg as a side order and it came with a slab of butter, I digress. 

The coffee is swill though so if you're a coffee snob grab something elsewhere beforehand or maybe just don't come here because your judgmental attitude will bring everyone down.

I think the most important thing I can say about this place is that if you're in Reading Terminal Market and want breakfast food, come here, DO NOT GO TO DOWN HOME DINER. I cannot stress this enough. Especially if you're visiting, and your eating occasions in the city are physically numbered. Don't waste a dime at DHD, you will hate yourself if you do.  Basically if coming to RTM and having breakfast is akin to a once in a lifetime occasion... hmm, how can I put this? If you were given the chance to sit down, and spend 30-45 minutes to speak with a magnificent historical figure (bear with me), or just someone very very important to you, and then when you get there, you decided to spend that time talking to a pile of trash outside of that person's house instead. All the while, that magnificent being is just feet away, waiting for you to appear. In case I wasn't clear, in this analogy, Dutch Eating Place is the brilliant hero admired far and wide/your very loved one, and Down Home Diner is the pile of trash. Your pick, you know?
Apparently, according to Thee Wise Ones (Yelpers!), I'm missing out on the breakfast at Dutch Eating Place. I'll be sure to put that on my to-try list, stat.

But honestly, who needs breakfast when you can have the best mashed potatoes EVER?! Oh man, they are a big cupful of Amish love. The potatoes are on the smooth side, consistency-wise, and the gravy is so flavorful and delicious. If ever I'm in the mood for some down-home, hearty and inexpensive comfort food, it's really hard to resist the lure of this place. Goodness, it's just OH SO GOOD.

I wish those lovely Amish ladies would tell me their deepest, darkest secrets: not whatever scandalous activities they did on Rumspringa, but their recipe(s) for perfect mashed 'taters and gravy. Yup.
We hadn't planned on eating here but decided on them as the place was packed.  A line is a good sign!  

ATMOSPHERE:
They're located inside of the Reading Terminal Market.  A good-sized countertop snakes around the kitchen with a takeout counter on one side.  The place was jam-packed with a constant line that moved quickly.  If you don't like communal dining, this place isn't for you.  

MENU:
Pancakes, French toast, eggs, hot & cold sandwiches, soups, pot pies, burgers.  Lunch starts at 10:30am, including daily specials. 

FOOD:
Mushroom & Cheese Omelet - $5.95
There was a real earthy flavor, but I couldn't tell if it was coming from the fresh mushrooms or cheese.  The omelet was packed full of said ingredients and a bit on the runny side, a positive for me.  

Home Fries - $2.25
I gotta learn how to make this at home!  The rough chops of potato had textures of soft and crunchy pieces which made for a true homemade taste.  Seasoning was left up to the consumer, so I added salt and pepper and was good to go. 

Hotcake - $2.75, 1 pc.
It was everything I had imagined; fluffy and moist with a creamy batter.  Big portion too. 

SERVICE:
As you stand in line, a worker goes down the line asking how many is in your party and seats everyone according to availability.  Naturally, smaller parties get in and out quicker. 

The gal we had was so friendly and patient despite the busyness.  That's how you do it!

CONDUCT:
Don't be like this rude, salt & pepper-haired man in a blue business suit that cut in front of the entire line because "he eats there daily".  The women next in line heckled him for it!  LOL. 

OVERALL:
Affordable, tasty, great service from start to finish.  Don't let the long line deter you from a great breakfast as it moves quickly!
What a great breakfast find in the Reading Terminal!

The motif is old school diner vibe with a Dutch flair. We went around breakfast/brunch time and unexpectedly found seating as soon as we walked up (rare!) I liked that the seatings were already lined with menus, condiments, and silverware ready to use as we sat down. The seating is in a circular fashion and the waiters are all inside - allows for best use of space in the crowded terminal. 

We ordered their pancakes (a must) and bagels. The options are pretty standard breakfast fare, but they do serve it up well. The pancakes were large and well done - fluffy and flavorful. The bagels were served with a butter spread - hot and and crispy! There is also jam on the counter, so I spread that on top to make for delicious savory/sweet accompaniment. 

The service was great, with the waitress tending to us often, refilling our endless coffee mugs as necessary. Everything was also served really quickly and hot - the way I like it!

Would recommend to try it out as a breakfast bite if you plan on spending decent time in the terminal - you may need to wait in line since typically there is a crowd (especially weekends) but it'll be worth it!
I give it 5 stars because we do not have Amish food in NYC! It is rare and home made! I usually get an apple dumpling but it was too hot and I usually get pancakes but I was not in the mood and ended up getting home made chicken pot pie! My husband had Pork and Sauerkraut and a guest (who always finds something to complain about no matter what) got Philly Cheese steak. He did not like his but we liked ours! I thought maybe they were Mennonite but no they are really Amish! Service is always pleasant too!
It's a good thing I don't live near the Dutch Eating Place, I'd have breakfast there too often.  The apple dumpling was delicious, and it wasn't even warmed up, I can only imagine how much better it would be warmed up.  Mmmmmmmmmm

I had a scrapple and egg sandwich.  It was good, big, way too much food for me, but very good.  You're not going to find any fancy breakfasts here, this is your standard diner breakfast fare.  And they are very good at it.  

There are more seats at the counter than I expected, or you can get your food "to go" and take it to one of the seating areas in Reading Terminal Market.
Ordered the chicken pot pie, but its delivery was more of a chicken noodle soup with a dinner roll and coleslaw on the side.

Despite its liquidity, the flavors were so spot on and so fresh. The potatoes and handmade Amish noodles provided a nice heartiness while the celery and carrots gave the whole dish a nice sweetness.

Was admittedly a little disappointed I didn't get a traditional chicken pot pie experience, but it was still a very good meal.
tl;dr Reading Terminal's go-to breakfast spot, offering both a takeout counter and a full-service breakfast bar

Reading Terminal is stuffed with cafes, bakeries, and groceries left-and-right. So, it's no small feat for the Dutch Eating Place to be named by me as the top breakfast spot in the market. My decree is anything but arbitrary -- tucked around the corner from Beiler's Bakery, this no-frills eatery cooks up some greasy spoon-esque dishes for just pennies on the dollar. Think blueberry pancakes as big as a dinner plate and a wide selection of breakfast meats fried and served to-order, all for under $5 or less per order. Or, if you have a particular early-morning sweet tooth, go with for the renowned apple dumplings, nearly the size of a softball and served with heavy cream.

The M-shaped bar fills up quickly; anytime after 8:30AM, expect there to be a line. If you're in too much of a hurry to bother with wild waits, then stick with the take-out counter. During my last visit, I opted to skip the wait and ordered a Sausage, Egg, and Cheese on a Kayser Roll to-go. After about 5 minutes, my name was called, and I took my brown paper bag. As I opened my takeout carton, I burned my fingers on the piping hot sandwich. The two large sausage links, cut long-ways, were as flavorful as they were greasy (which, in case you were wondering, they were very). My egg patty was firm without being rubbery or overcooked, and my roll was flakey and buttery. The cheese was somewhat drowned out by the other ingredients, but that may well be a testament to the sausage. Without a doubt, this was a $4.50 well-spent. When I'm in the area for breakfast, the Dutch Eating Place will always be a temptation.
Oh, apple dumpling!
Soft tasty doughy pastry
A whole apple, cored.

Warm and comforting,
My fragrant creamy dumpling
You are home to me.
The Dutch eating place was absolutely delicious! It was easily the best thing I ate when I was in Philly (and yes, I had a cheese steak). This is a breakfast joint in the Reading Terminal Market. It's located toward the back of the market (from either entrance) and is close to the famous Donut spot. There were lines leading up to this place when we tried to go here several times, but one day we went in the afternoon and were lucky enough to snag a couple of seats. 

This is a diner style setup with 2 "U" shaped counters with stools surrounding the small kitchen. I'd say about 18 people fit here total. The counters have condiments on them including AMAZING homemade strawberry jam (best I've tried) and fresh milk and cream for coffee. The women who worked there were attentive, quick, and super sweet. You take a seat, place your order, and pay afterwards like most diners.

I ordered: french toast and homefries. Wow yall. I didn't think I could wax poetic over some french toast and potatoes...but you had to be there. The portions are HUGE and the french toast was thick and fresh with enough egg to be baked on and visible (which I like) and enough cinnamon/vanilla flavor to make you feel like you were back at Grandmas. The potatoes were smashed...they were smashed! With good seasoning and again, a healthy portion. There was also a large dallop of butter on my plate which I thought was curious. I dipped my bread in the butter and I was like https://media.giphy.com/media/Lcn0yF1RcLANG/giphy.gif
What in the James and the giant peach is this? This is no butter I know. It was so rich and creamy and thick and sweet. My friend called it "cheesy butter". This butter had to be straight from the source. I looked around to see if there was a place to store cows.

But anywho, yeah. It was really good. Also, everyone was chatting with each other at the counter and it was all brotherly love for real. I love this place. Would definitely recommend!

Wear: an infinity scarf, denim jacket, and leather boots.
Listen to: Jack Johnson- Banana Pancakes.
Returning to Philadelphia, my first food stop was where else but the venerable Reading Market and of course this food-lover's emporium didn't disappoint.  Especially as I enjoyed a lunch at a Dutch Eating Place while shopping. The Pennsylvania Dutch food served up here in such a friendly manner has made this one of the most popular stops in the city.  I went totally Pennsylvanian and ordered the chicken pot pie (local style) and fried cheese curds.  You can't go wrong with this combo!
I really wanted to eat breakfast at Dutch Eating Place before I left Philadelphia. Their hot apple dumpling sounded amazing. Plus I really wanted to try scrapple. Their breakfast menu sounds amazing - I really wanted to get their apple cinnamon French toast, but since I was getting the hot apple dumpling, I decided to skip it. 

Instead, I ordered from the egg platter section - one egg with a choice of meat (you get to pick bacon, turkey bacon, sausage, turkey sausage, scrapple, or ham). I ordered my one egg over medium and picked scrapple. The egg platters come with toast too - I can't remember if I asked for wheat or rye. And then of course, I ordered a hot apple dumpling, with whipped cream. And fresh squeezed orange juice. 

The one egg with scrapple and toast ended up being a lot of food. On the counter is a jar of the most amazing strawberry preserves I've ever had. The scrapple was interesting - it was a very dark brown rectangle piece. It's essentially cooked mushy pork scraps. It wasn't bad! I would eat it again. I guess it's kind of like spam, just more brown and not as dense. The hot apple dumpling was amazing. There is a whole peeled and cored apple inside the dough. It was warm and soft and cinnamony. And with the whipped cream it was amazing. 

One of the employees said that they bring all the food and ingredients from the farm, so that's cool that everything is fresh and homemade. The service was great - quick and very polite. This place is one of the Pennsylvania Dutch businesses in the Reading Terminal Market. It's not regularly scheduled to be open on Sundays or Mondays. You can order things to go, or eat in at the counter.
Absolutely the best value in the area for those staying at the Marriott. You'll have to edge your way in (the counter fills up fast for these plates) and I recommend knowing what you want before you've even settled down. Daily specials that can't be beat (Wednesday: blueberry pancakes; Saturday: Apple cinnamon French toast), I've had both of these and was absolutely pleased on each occasion. 

The pancakes (x2) are as big as your head and come was a healthy slab of fresh butter. The French toast - holy moses it's like my Gram used to bake up.  Prices are beyond reasonable (2 pancakes + 2 sausages + 1 coffee = $6.50), service is fast and delightful, and the people watching (or just keeping to yourself and reading) is excellent.  Make sure you bring cash for a tip, because these folks KNOW what they're doin'!
I am not Amish, but I am from rural PA, and this food is the stuff of my childhood. Hot sandwiches covered in gravy, mashed 'taters, delicious hearty soups, and DUMPLINGS. Just really good home cookin.'

The service is fast and always super pleasant, the food just reminds me of my grandma. The customers are this place are always varied and diverse. Get a seat at the counter and fill up. You can't beat the prices, either. 

(FYI: These dudes even hung up a Steelers banner during the super bowl.)

I love them. You can't get more unpretentious than this. I mean, come on, they're called "Dutch Eating Place."
That Apple Dumpling really is delicious.

Judging from nearly all the Yelp reviews and the big sign here proclaiming their feature on the Food Network, this insanely sweet dessert is the real reason to come here.

The equally sweet Amish women working this place will welcome you to take a seat at the counter. Once you ask for an Apple Dumpling, they will ask if you want it with heavy cream or whipped cream. I don't think either is really necessary since it is so sweet already, but it is necessary to ask them to heat it up. Once you get it after those few extra minutes, it is completely worth it for the piping hot, sticky sweetness.

This sugary bomb is only $3, and is tough to finish on your own given the generous size and richness of it. It's still worth it though even if you just try a few bites, which you should do, to save room for some more sweets.

This is a staple of the market and a must visit at least once. I haven't tried any of the food, but the Apple Dumpling is great and the friendly Amish women make for a nice experience.
For years I ate here every Saturday morning. The waits  can be long. The food is good if not inspired. This is Very basic fair. The pancakes are huge. The apple dumplings are very good and served warm. Bacon and eggs are bacon and eggs. The Amish waitress are surprisingly funny and always sweet. Authentic stick to your ribs breakfast at fair prices.
Bland, undercooked omelette. Apple dumpling was okay, not really worth the hype in my opinion. Prices were fair but won't be returning.

We got take out and ate in the dining room area of the terminal. Dining area was gross even though they were cleaning it.
Believe the hype! If you watched Food Network, this place was on their list for their famous Apple Dumplings! 

Great breakfast place and cheap prices for the generous portions. I would recommend sharing an entree if you don't want to overeat. I love their Sticky Buns with dried fruit and nuts. It wasn't too sweet. I tried Scrapple for the first time ever and it was pretty good! I am in love with their butter! It was so delicious that I slathered it on everything I ate! For dessert, the Apple Dumplings were glorious! I love the freshly whipped cream. The dumplings were hot, crispy exterior, with a molten hot interior. I wish it came with a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream though...

Service was excellent. I love the Amish and their food! This spot is #2 when I return to Philly!
A required stop while in Philly. Wonderful food cooked with traditional pride. The service is attentive and the food is served up piping hot and with a smile. 

This is a traditional lunch counter with a backdrop of an old time public market. When it gets busy, you queue in line, but the wait goes quickly.

The food is unique and a part of Dutch culture. Everything is consistently prepared and authentic. Prices are great. Nothing more you can ask for!
If you visit Reading Market in Philadelphia, you must schedule time to eat at the Dutch Eating Place - if only for the apple dumpling.  

Everything is prepared and served by Amish families from outside Phily (therefore watch which days they're open - you won't see them on Sunday and religious holidays).  It's all great.  Breakfast, chicken pot pie, whatever.  

The main event is the apple dumpling.  Nowhere else in the world will you find such a fabulous apple dumpling.  It's a whole apple, baked in a pie crust in its bowl.  Hot, fresh, great pie crust, all just perfect.  We don't go near Philadelphia without leaving time to go to Reading Market for the Amish apple dumpling.

There's no more to say.  The rest of their food is good.  But the apple dumpling is out-of-this-world.
It's hard for me to hang out in the Reading Terminal Market cause I get all confused and become completely indecisive cause there are like 100 places that are mad crazy radical awesome in there dude man bro, oh my gosh my head exploded 3 times last weekend, clean up in aisle 5, holy crow I love it.

ANYWAY....

There is always a long line at the Dutch Eating Place and I always say "next time, next time".

Well guess what? This past weekend was finally NEXT TIME.

And I got your basic cheeseburger and fries. And it ruled. 

It had special Amish fairy dust sprinkled on it.

Dear DEP,

Thanks for some slam bangin' high quality food,

Dave
My family and I were trying to look for a breakfast/brunch place near our hotel and we found this one on Yelp. I saw that it was in Reading Terminal Market and I thought that we wouldn't get the same brunch vibe we would get from a sit-down restaurant, but this place exceeded my expectations.

First off, the workers here were very heart-warming and were willing to describe any of the entrees they had. We came on a Friday around lunchtime and it was packed, but the food came out in less than 10 minutes. I got the Apple Cinnamon French Toast with the turkey bacon and it was so good and fluffy! I also got scrambled eggs as a separate order.

Their orange juice is probably the best I've ever had. You can tell from the first sip that it was freshly squeezed.

Everything on their menu was for a great price too, so if you're finding a place where you can get more bite for your buck, this is the place to go!
More like 4.5, but i'll give it to them! Ordered the creamed beef with home fries, blueberry pancakes, turkey bacon, and everything was soooo good. Turkey bacon and home fries are some of the best i've ever had! 

Also got the apple dumpling simply because everyone on here was raving about it... and everyone here is SO RIGHT! I normally don't even like apple pies, but this thing is a cup of perfected crust and apples. I didn't even care that it was only 830 AM and I already ate my calories worth for the day. 

Beware though - they don't serve breakfast Sunday-Tuesdays
The food here will not disappoint! Good price and fairly big portions to always fill you up. I usually get takeout which takes only abt 5-10min to get your food.

Highly recommend their turkey melt special (comes with home made French fries and home made lemonade) - all for just 8-9 dollars!!!

Their apple dumplings are good but in my opinion too sweet to really enjoy it - recommend sharing it with at least 1-2 other ppl since it is some heavy stuff. 

Otherwise great overall homemade food with fast service and good prices!
Great Amish owned and operated diner located inside of Reading Terminal.  Long lines but they move very quickly.  Great place for breakfast and very reasonable/cheap prices.  Family of 3 had breakfast for under $25.  Menu features some PA unique eats like scrapple and chipped beef.  Staff is friendly and the food is served fast!  Fun place to visit in Philadelphia and one of many great choices in Reading Terminal.  Closed on Sunday.  Enjoy!
I am irrationally fond of this place. It's a diner run by Amish people in the bustling Reading Terminal Market. I've only ever had the blueberry pancakes here, and they're so perfect I see no reason to branch out and try anything else. Add turkey bacon, hand-churned butter, fresh squeezed OJ and you have the perfect breakfast. 

It's at the point now where I select my Philly hotels based on their proximity to this place so I can be sure to get my pancake fix. (Although one of these days I need to come by in the afternoon to try one of those tempting apple turnovers.)

One note: check the specials board before you order.  I ordered the short stack with a side of bacon off the menu; there was a special on the regular stack with bacon & coffee for less, and the waitress didn't alert me to it and charged me a la carte prices. Not a big deal, but I felt like a sucker afterwards.
My criteria for 5 stars is either it is the best of it's kind of only one  of it's kind. We do not have Amish food in NYC (not real Amish food) for some reason and we have come here just for Amish food  at times. So for the fact that is it rare and hard to get I give it 5 stars. I have been here many times and it never disappoints! Food, service and quality are all top notch!
I LOVE BREAKFAST. 

I LOVE sleeping in. I LOVE rolling out of bed. I LOVE sitting at an unpretentious breakfast counter. I LOVE stuffing my face with pancakes, french toast, eggs, homefries, and bacon. I LOVE falling victim to food coma afterwards. I LOVE rolling back into bed. I LOVE coming back to life later in the afternoon to finish my breakfast for dinner. And I LOVE Dutch Eating Place because it's the PERFECT place for all of the above.

Me & mom shared: Eggs over easy, Scrapple & Toast, Blueberry Pancakes, and the oh-so-famous Apple Dumpling.

Before we continue, let's talk about how much food there is in each order. The portions can't possibly be suited for normal or safe human consumption. AT MOST we finished a quarter of it before we were stuffed. Our counter-neighbors ordered omelettes and the eggs came out in a MOUNTAIN. I was scared of how much egg there was on those plates. And everything is sooo cheap.

Anyway, back to my meal. The eggs over-easy were cooked perfectly, I also discovered that I really enjoy eating scrapple, the blueberry pancakes tasted legit homemade, and the apple dumpling? Ohhh the apple dumpling. Warm, cinnamony, tender apple wrapped lovingly in a buttery, flaky pastry, topped with fluffy melting whipped cream. Do yourself a favor and GET THE APPLE DUMPLING.

Also, do your arteries a favor and order the pancakes & toast dry. Otherwise these will come out with a heaping mound of butter on them. On second thought... I basically just told you to eat apple pie with whipped cream for breakfast so you might as well just get the butter and go all out.

This is breakfast done right. I want to "start my day the Amish way" ...EVERYDAY.
The Dutch Eating place is right inside the Reading Terminal Market. It's one of the few places to eat with its own seating area, which is a curse and a blessing. I like having the nice Amish ladies serve me but when it's busy (which I'm assuming it often is on Sat mornings), you might have to wait a while in line.

The wife and I had the Apple French Toast special and the Blueberry pancake special. I liked the Apple French Toast more--had a nice texture to it and the apple flavor wasn't overpowering. Each came with a few strips of turkey bacon. This might have been the best turkey bacon I've ever had--really thick meaty strips of bacon. I thought it was interesting that turkey bacon comes standard instead of regular bacon.

We also had a side of eggs and scrapple. This was our first time eating scrapple. I'm not sure if I could eat it regularly since it's probably really bad for you but I'm always willing to try something once. The wife liked it more than I did.

The Dutch Eating Place is only open from Wednesday to Saturday, so don't save your trip here until Sunday--you'll be very disappointed.
Went back recently for a dumpling and it was growing MOLD. Beware. The dumplings are yummy but make sure you inspect it thoroughly if you must have it. The line was so long that we just threw it out instead of trying to get another one or get our money back.
Wow! So we found this hidden gem. It's inside what looks like a shopping store and essentially is just a marker with tons of businesses. 

We had to wait for about 10 minutes for a seat, thanks to Covid but it's worth. 

So apparently a lot of the business owners are Dutch and they drive more than an hour into town each day to come work. Wow! 

This place has the best homemade "thanksgiving" meal that my husband got and LOVED IT! I got a special with French toast and sausage. It was on a tv show and i can't remember the name but it was good! Coffee was fresh and I really enjoyed it. 

Loved to learn some nice history of how hard they are working. If you come into the market stop by and support them, also all friend staff!
*This review is only for the hot apple dumpling!*

Never made it for a full meal here, but I always try to save room for dessert, which is what drew me to their famous hot apple dumpling. Imagine a nice hot slice of apple pie, but better! They take a whole cored apple and then wrap it in a pastry dough to be baked. They have a bunch baked up already so they'll warm it up for you you're planning to eat it right away. You can also get whipped cream added at no extra charge.

It was absolutely delicious and reasonably-priced too at $3.25. Definitely shareable since it is pretty heavy and sweet, but it is an awesome way to end any meal at the Reading Terminal Market. I highly recommend it!
The best, the best breakfast I have ever had!

Two cups of farm fresh milk, and apple and cinnamin french toast, amazing!  Fresh butter, fresh maple syrup, ate at the counter next to a police officer.

If you are ever in Philly, GO!

P.S. Went back at lunch for the apple dumplings, just as good!
The food here is very basic. We approached the counter and the way everyone was cramped into a tiny counter just didn't appeal to me. We opted for the apple dumpling, to-go, with cream on the side. We saw the girl pop in the apple dumpling that was sitting in a foam takeout container into the microwave. Oh, is what I said to myself. The dumpling didn't look too good. The pastry that was supposed to be around the apple filling was broken up into what seemed like a million pieces and everything was just a gloppy mess in the foam container. The presentation made me not want to look at it. We tried it and it was pretty good tasting. I just wish the dumpling didn't look like a gloppy mess in a little foam container. Unappetizing looking.
My grandpa was Pennsylvania Dutch, so I've had my eye on this place for a while.  However, to be totally honest, usually the line is very long and I'm in that part of RTM to get a decadent doughnut from Beiler's and the thought of getting any other food doesn't  cross my mind.  

A recent trip with friends from out of town gave me a chance to finally try it out.  Just as a general hint, Saturdays in January are a lot slower than other times of year.  

The menu included all the PA Dutch classics- scrapple, shoo fly pie, ruebens ect.  I went a bit off the beaten path and tried out the chicken pot pie, which was amazing and cooked in classic homestyle fashion, but is very different than the kind you can get at most restaurants or frozen (if that's what you were expecting).  Others ordered french toast and omelets- great reviews all around.  The food was ready very quickly and servings were huge!  My chicken pot pie came with a roll (only OK) and coleslaw, which was also just ok.  The homemade strawberry jam on the counter is perfect!

Of course one of the reasons the main courses seemed so big is that  I was saving room for their world-famous apple dumpling with whipped cream.  This is an incredible, insanely huge, delicious desert with the perfect combination of warm and light dumpling with apple and delicious spices.  

A special Pennsylvania treat completely worth checking out,  There's a reason the dumpling is so famous- be sure to try it (ideally share it!).
This place is situated in Reading Terminal (which by the way is an awesome place to just roam around).  Because of the tight quarters, be prepared to wait in line if you don't come right when this place opens (I think it's 8am).

What we ordered from the menu:
1) 2 eggs with sausage, wheat toast - $4.95 as of 7/2019.
Highlight was definitely the sausage which had a great smokey flavor to it.

2) French Toast Special - $7.99 as of 7/2019
The french toast was spectacular.  Crisp exterior with a light, fluffy interior.  The orange juice was also a surprise because it was so darn fresh!

3) Side of bacon - $2.75
It's bacon!

Given the popularity and close quarters, be prepared to order, eat and scoot!
We were in Philly for a conference and headed over pretty early on a Saturday morning. Good thing...by the time we left at 9:25, there was a big line waiting to be seated. The hustle and bustle of the market surrounds the counter seating, adding to the Reading Terminal Market experience.

I had an omelet and toast and my companion had pancakes. The food was delicious, the service was fast and friendly , the portions were huge, and it was a heck of a deal! 

Absolutely worth getting up a little earlier to beat the rush and have a great time!
Located inside the famous Reading Terminal Market this little gem was just waiting to be explored. Located close to a famous donut shop the foot traffic in this area was intense. I was originally going to try and wait in line for the donuts until I saw the bustling going on around the Dutch Eating Place. Instantly the smell of Warm Apples filled the air and I was quickly drawn over to take a look. The first thing my eyes actually landed on was a sign saying "as seen on the food network" regarding the Apple Dumpling. So my curiosity grew more as I leaning into the To-go orders. To my surprise (although it's stated in the name) I fasten my eyes upon a slew of Dutch/Amish women working about in a fast paced kitchen. I instantly knew at this point I was really in for a treat. So I ponied up to the counter and ordered the infamous Hot Apple Dumpling with Creme.
Normally I would save this for later and maybe reheat it if needed, but not this time. This was too good looking and too good smelling to put away and risk getting cold on the journey back to my hotel. I had no choice in fact to eat it immediately and without regret. It was a delicious as one would expect coming from scratch. Melt in your mouth and savor every bit kind of deliciousness. But don't just take my word for it. Please, take the leap, go on a journey, and try it. You won't regret it.
This review is solely based on the apple dumpling. Visited Philly with my girls last weekend, and had no clue what to hit up at Reading Terminal Market. Apple dumpling showed up in many reviews, so I decided to trust the yelpers. 

It's kind of hard to describe, but I kind of think of it as something like a cinnamon roll that is a lot softer and more moist. Instead of a cinnamon filling, it's more of a caramel filling. Then there's a nice baked apple on top. Then you top it with whipped cream. Oh, buttery goodness. Although being stuffed from lunch, my friend and I had to try it. It was so worth it. It's only 3 bucks and is a decent size. 

Probably the highlight of my whole Philly trip...
I was visiting Philly and looking for a place for breakfast that wasn't a chain, and I found the DEP here on Yelp.  It was only about half a mile from my hotel so I walked there.

I was a little confused upon arriving, because I hadn't realized it was inside the Reading Terminal Market ... I had been expecting a stand-alone restaurant with an entrance from the street, but you have to go into the Market and wander around a little bit to find it.

The seating arrangement is all counter-facing stools, and when I got there at 9a.m. it was about 80% full.  The server was a young, shy Amish girl, behind the counter, who took my order politely and proficiently.

I got a short stack of pancakes and two scrambled eggs; my order arrived within five minutes of placing it.  The pancakes were good - not too heavy, and with a generous portion of soft butter for smearing both of them.  That's a big plus in my world, because pancakes need saturating with butter, and hard, cold butter is not good for that purpose.  Everything else was fine.  The coffee is a little weak, but it's what I expect from diner fare, and not at all disappointing.  The whole meal cost me less than $8, and I think it was a bargain.

While I didn't talk with my neighbors, I did overhear a number of conversations and could tell the place was a good mix of regulars and not-so-regulars.  It was a pleasant atmosphere, and it was fun to wander through the market afterward to walk off some of my breakfast.

If you're not looking for some avant garde, free-range, gluten free "experience, I say you should check it out.
Amazing food and prices.  Everything on the menu looked reasonably priced.  I ordered a ham, egg and cheese breakfast sandwich $4, coffee and apple dumpling with heavy cream.  The wife ordered blueberry pancakes short stack.  The sandwich was loaded, normally you would get a simple slice of ham but this came with an inch of sliced ham very nice.  Coffee was good but not great.  Blueberry pancake short stack came with a heap of butter and even though it was a short stack it was more than my wife could finish.  The apple dumplings were indeed special $3ish.  perfect ratio of bread and apple...and was a perfectly baked apple.

Seating can be a challenge...certainly a clue you are about to have a special meal.

closed on Sunday and Monday and I think it shuts down an hour before other shops in the market.
Inside Reading Terminal and waiting for at least 20 minutes to get a seat, this is the best breakfast/brunch place for dutch comfort food. Nothing fancy- just people that know how to cook eggs.

Get anything with eggs and their breakfast sandwiches with ham is better than most. Don't forget to finish off your meal with an apple dumpling.

And, our tab for 2 came out to less than 15.00. O- the dutch do it so right!
I love the Dutch Eating Place.  I always seem to gravitate here when the Dutch Corner is open, because of the home cooked feel of the food. The Chicken Pot Pie is wonderful along with the sweet tea that tastes just like the kind my mom used to make.  By far the best part of the Dutch Eating Place is the Corn Nuggets.  Go here soon and often for very yummy inexpensive food!
hot roastbeef with mashed potatoes and gravy on the side, FOR BREAKFAST.

How to be a champion in this joint:

1. order hot roast beef with mash/fries - i like my gravy on the side. 

2. order 1 egg over easy on the side.

3. remove bread on top of your roast beef sandwich, save it for later.

4. slide your egg on top of your roast beef. YES. ROAST BEEF TOPPED WITH EGG.

5. add gravy to taste.

6. enjoy.
I used to love this place more than you could imagine, in fact my butt has graced their stools more times than I dare to count 
Having said that, my last few dinning experience there let me feeling unfulfilled. For one thing, the prices are through the ceiling, it cost me $10 for an ordinary breakfast that was just plain ole tasteless. 
I ordered Egg over medium, Sausage, Home Fries with onions and toast and coffee. well the eggs came out runny with the whites not firm, the Sausage was two 2 inch pieces that looked like a Tic Tac on a Whale next to the mountain of dried out Home Fries with my barely cooked Onions lazily thrown on the top of the Potato's. The Coffee was weak and the toast was barely kissed with butter. 
While I was trying to force my $9.89 breakfast, a Amish kid gave me a free small calender and I asked him "where's the calender with the sexy Amish girls on it". He recovered well and replied"we're out of those' and apparently I was out of a good Breakfast.
I've always loved Reading Terminal Market but I'm never really there at breakfast. This time, I was staying across the street, so what the hell.

This place is awesome, when I say these are the best blueberry pancakes I've ever had, I mean it. Unless you are Paul Bunyon don't order 3! I made the mistake, I didn't even come close to polishing them off. I also got a side of scrapple, which you can't get in north Jersey that much, which is why I love coming home. That too was delicious. But seriously, when the server asked if I wanted 2 I should have listened, but they were falling off the side of the plate. 

The server was super sweet. There isn't much counter space so either get there early or wait awkwardly in the back for someone to get up. The reason it gets 4 stars and not 5, is one pancake was actually slightly under cooked with some raw batter, it didn't matter because there was plenty more cooked pancakes. Also, you can pay with a card but I couldn't leave a tip on it, glad I had cash.

Overall, a great breakfast spot and cheap, I spent 12 bucks for pancakes, coffee, scrapple and tip.
On one of those educational family vacations that I only appreciated in my adulthood, I was dragged unwillingly to Lancaster, PA to learn about the Amish.  I was predictably bratty through the various farm and cultural tours, but when it came to the food section, I was transformed into an eager and attentive (if also gluttonous) tour participant.  It was a magical day when I tried my first corn chowder, and even more importantly, my first apple dumpling.  The Amish apple dumpling is a deceptively simple yet life changing dessert.  

I've often relived the magic of that moment at Dutch Eating Place in Reading Terminal Market.  Their apple dumpling ($2.75) is quite authentic and delicious.  A whole cored apple is spiced with cinnamon or nutmeg and wrapped in pastry dough with the apple intact.  Then the whole thing is baked and buttery brown sugar and cinnamon syrup is drizzled on top.  As a fatty complement, the apple dumpling comes with cream on the side.

PARTING THOUGHT: If an apple a day keeps the doctor away, I'm pretty sure that an apple dumpling from Dutch Eating Place not only keeps the doctor away but also keeps a person healthy, wealthy and wise...
Delicious Amish breakfast place located in reading terminal market. We came here during a weekday morning and it was still very crowded. The sit down area was packed so we waited for a while in the take out line. However, after putting our orders in, our food didn't take very long. Service was friendly.  We took our food over to a different sit down area in the market. I had the apple cinnamon french toast which was amazing. The portion wasn't anything huge but it was the perfect size for me. My fiancé had the blueberry pancakes which he also really enjoyed and the portion for his was too big to even finish. This place is great quality breakfast at a low price.
Whoa. I worked at a throw-down, hole-in-the-wall diner for years growing up, and thought *their* chipped beef (S.O.S. written on the slips for you army folks) was the best. Wrong.

Thick, juicy chunks of beef, perfectly seasoned gravy, crispy home fries.... it's going to make it hard for anyone to compare. Wow. The best breakfast place I've found in Philly.

You're going to sit shoulder-to-shoulder with strangers, so if you're trying to go solo and get some work done, this is not the place. Sit down, have a conversation with the person next to you, and enjoy the sweetest servers ever. 

Service is stupid fast, so time isn't an issue if you're worried about the PPA.
Breakfast is my favorite meal, and I didn't want to miss it, so on day two of my Philly trip, I headed to the Dutch Eating Place.  Located inside the Reading Terminal Market, this food shop offers blueberry and choco chip pancakes, as well as chicken pot pie and other hearty meals for lunch.  The shop is set up like a diner, and when I arrived, there were already lots of people chowing down on breakfast!

Since I was planning on having Tommy DiNic's that same day... I was a bit weary of ordering blueberry pancakes (which they are known for), but I did anyway!  It was a bit of a mistake in a way that the serving was just a bit too much for me, but they sure were delicious!  As delicious as pancakes can get anyway, even though I'm not the biggest fan of pancakes in general.  I guess I decided to be a little adventurous in my food choices on this trip (ie. Franklin Fountain) - eating foods that aren't my favorite and all.  The blueberry pancakes were fluffy and fresh, and very (overly) filling.  Not being the biggest bacon eater either, I thought the turkey bacon was actually pretty good, flavorful and not completely fatty.  Overall, the food, place, and service are all decent.  My suggestion for anyone looking to try more variety in the market, definitely share one order.
I'd been droning on and on to my coworkers about the awesomeness of Amish food, based on the fond, decades-old memories I had from living in Philly.  Since we were all at a meeting at the Pennsylvania Convention Center and the Reading Terminal Market was located oh-so-conveniently downstairs, I suggested Dutch Eating Place as a cheap and convenient breakfast spot.

Needless to say, I was shocked at how thoroughly mediocre it had become.

A group of us ordered at the counter and received our food within moments, and we all took a seat in the common seating area in the middle of RTM.

I ordered the apple French toast special with turkey bacon and fresh-squeezed orange juice.  The French toast was somewhere between "okay" and "bad", drowning in so much egg and gobs of raw cinnamon that you couldn't taste much else.  The turkey bacon was cold and rubbery and tasted like it had been pulled directly out of the deli case at the local Wawa.

Honestly, the best part of the meal was the orange juice, which was sweet and refreshing and relatively subdued in terms of pulp.

Another coworker had a bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on an English muffin.  She said it tasted like a slightly better version than the one at McDonald's -- in other words, halfway-decent, but not noteworthy in any particular way.

Needless to say, I have no idea what happened to my favorite Amish spot over the years.  Maybe the place legitimately deteriorated, or perhaps my taste buds have just gotten fussier.  Either way, I doubt I'll be back anytime soon.
Imagine a foggy walk through Reading Terminal on an early rainy Saturday afternoon. Even with dark shades the fluorescent lights are too bright. You need grease. You need coffee. You need it now. 

The Dutch Eating Place will hook you up. 

There's nothing fancy about this refreshingly simple lunch counter. They serve breakfast til 3pm. Their sticky buns are phenomenal with raisins and walnuts. A heaping pile of home fries and omelet-y goodness will arrive with lightning speed, and you will be able to hide in the openness of anonymous tourism.
I love the Amish and boy do they make a great breakfast!

On a Saturday morning Dutch Eating Place was busy. There were lines to sit down and lines to get food "to go." While waiting for our food, I watched the guy making the gigantic blueberry pancakes - yum! 

Things moved quickly because workers were busting a move (they're the Amish! They can build a house in like a day!). The Western omelette was delicious--you could really taste the fresh ingredients. Hashbrowns and toast (with real butter) were a nice compliment to the omelette. I would have loved to come here on Sunday, too, but they were closed. 

Located in the lovely Reading Terminal Market.
It was like one of those dreams -- the ones where you show up to a very public place or event naked, but with pancakes.

Let me explain. I went to Dutch Eating Place this morning, purchased the finest pancakes ever made available to me, and then I walked away without maple syrup and back to my hotel room. By the time I realized what I had done, I was too far away in the misty rain blanketing the city and too ashamed at my oversight to go back. 

There I was in my hotel room, pancakes naked of their traditional covering save for a small pool of butter, and still, still they were delicious. Nevermind the egg over easy and sausage which were both also amazing; these pancakes are the real deal.

Do I wish syrup was invited to the party? Sure. I believe anything can be made better with the addition of some maple syrup (except foods that already have some other sauce -- and even then you can make some cases), but I am glad that I didn't go the other route and defile these pancakes with anything but the best syrup possible, which is undoubtedly what was in those containers to my left at the register.
No glits and glam.  No hyped customer service giving you chef recommendations.  No catering to a crowd, nothing trendy, spendy or cool-to-be-seen-ins.  This place is none of the bad and all of what is good about breakfast - sitting on a stool at a simple bar and getting a slop plate full of delicious staples.  

I've had omelets here, awesome. Blueberry hubcap pancakes, awesome!  Homemade Apple Dumplings, beyond awesome.  

Lunch is good here too, but make the trip for breakfast if you want to leave in a food coma of bliss.  That's what I do.
If there's one thing that's not to be missed at Reading Terminal Market, it's gotta be Dutch Eating Place's hot apple dumpling.

There's a counter where you can order to go, or you can sit on stools and be waited on by the really nice Amish people who work there.  The menu is very simple (burgers, soups, pancakes, french toast, eggs, etc.) and reasonably priced.

You can order the apple dumpling either with whipped cream or vanilla cream.  My boyfriend and I shared one and ordered ours with both condiments.  It came topped with whipped cream, and we were given a little jar to pour however much cream we wanted.  The dumpling was incredible.  It was pretty big, bigger than my fist.  The shell was golden brown, flaky and buttery, and the warm apple pieces inside were resting in a gooey, cinnamon sugar sauce.  Together, with the whipped cream and vanilla cream, each bite conjured up pure comfort food.  I mean, I don't even LIKE apple pie, but this...this I could eat every day (okay maybe once a week because I would probably become obese).  I loved it.  And for $2.75, I loved it even more.
There were 2 things I really wanted to do after months of traveling through Asia. 1) Take a long hot shower and 2) scarf mashed potatoes and a slice of apple pie. This was so much better. My first time with an apple dumpling, the taste is to become what all apple dumplings in the future shall be compared to. Gooey crust, not too sweet sauce loaded with cinnamon wrapped around a whole baked apple, just right enough for me to devour whole with an extra helping of cream drizzled on top. Not the healthiest thing I've ever eaten, but I was assured, each morsel came with heaping helpings of love, love, and love. 

The mashed potatoes were yummy too...looking across the counter, I wish I saved room for that chicken pot pie. After months of no English, the friendly ladies at the register didn't think anything of it when it took them three tries and 5 minutes before I verbalized my order. So much kindly patience. I'll surely be back for more next time I'm passing through.
My son and I enjoyed breakfast before making the Christmas rounds and heading to Macy's light show and Christmas Village. We waited in line for all of five minutes and were greeted by our server promptly. She was so darn friendly and attentive it was insane. You get so used to crappy service, good service surprises you. Our hot cakes were as big as our plates and delicious. Their turkey sausage was also excellent. I'm so glad we went early because the line was wrapped around the area as we finished our meals. One guy came by asking the people in line randomly "is this place special?" Indeed it is. My son is asking to go back tomorrow. So darn good. 5/5
This place served some of the biggest and most delicious food for very reasonable prices! I got the apple dumpling and a lemonade for less than 6 dollars. The apple dumpling was very fresh and very good! My friend got their peach French toast and it was probably one of the best French toasts I've tasted! This is a must place to go if you find yourself in philly!
Tried a variety of breakfast dishes including the pancakes and while the food was good is was nothing fantastic or out of this world. There was a small line, that moved quickly, service was fast and efficient, food delivered almost immediately, plain looking with no frills.

Food 3
Service 4.5
Value 5+
Atmosphere (I like it ) 5

Total 4.375

Bottom Line: Go there for good value, decent food, and too say that you have been, not for some sort of food nirvana.
Hot damn, the Amish know how to cook up some breakfast!  

I breakfasted here twice on a recent business trip to Philly and will continue to dream about it long after I've gone.  It's fast, delicious, and inexpensive as all get out.

Day one: apple cinnamon French toast and, on the side, butter so fresh it could've been scooped right out of the churn.  Maple syrup so good, I could just die.  And coffee, sweet coffee.  For $10 I bought the greatest t-shirt I have ever owned: "Start Your Day the Amish Way" written around a drawing of a massive stack of pancakes, a pat of butter on top, syrup cascading down.  I plan to, from this day forward, live my life by this directive.

Day two: the woman who took my order asked, "weren't you here yesterday?" and I sheepishly admitted that I just can't get enough.  She smiled non-judgmentally, completely understood.  I ordered a hot apple dumpling with heavy cream.  I didn't even feel fat after I ate it.

I watched a young woman slather butter all over a huge griddle of turkey bacon; the butter hissed and melted and, I tell you, that's the only time I didn't turn my head away from watching meat being cooked and I've been a vegetarian for nearly twenty years.

I still haven't been here for dinner.  I really want to try their mashed potatoes I hear so much about.
My favorite place to get breakfast in the Reading Terminal Market! They run like a well-oiled machine; they'll get you out quickly even when the line appears to be never ending.  When I eat their bacon, egg and cheese on rye, I hear angels singing.  It is really one of the best ways to start your day.  I can't speak to lunch but I have no doubts it is equally delicious.  This place lives up to the hype!
