I was taking a stroll in Chinatown looking to grab lunch and the Yelp App led me to this Szechuan restaurant. From left to right, the med-size banquet style seating arrangement was eye-pleasing, and included two rows of lazy Susans and booths vertically stacked. The lunch crowd was minimal with a quiet atmosphere. It's a fitting place for lunch or dinner for small and large groups alike.

The Conch Meat with Hot Oil ($12.95) came with fresh and crunchy conch, thinly sliced, and seasoned with Szechuan ma la spicy hot sauce. I loved the thickness of the conch and the way it was cut. It came with fresh crunchy textures, and the numb and spicy effect was on point and not intolerable. The shaved green onions were sharp and sweet to cut the spiciness in-between bites. Price was very good considering the amount of conch I got. This is a dish I would love to have again.

The Sauteed Black Fungus and Squash ($10.95) came with plenty of wood ear and Chinese squash stir-fried to perfection. The core of the squash was still firm, and crunchy wood ear added further textures. The dish was flavorful and the overall taste had form.

Service was the only downside on this visit. The server had a hands-off approach and no one seemed particularly friendly and warm. Otherwise, the complimentary tea and sauteed peanuts were very nice gestures. It was an outstanding meal. I'd be very interested in coming back to try their hot pot, mapo tofu, and other Szechuan flavors.
All these years of living in Philly, we never thought to check out EMei. But after reading so many acclaimed reviews of EMei, we just had to check it out for ourselves.

We stopped by for lunch with a group of friends last Sunday. I made a reservation for 12pm, but it wasn't busy. From the outside of the restaurant, you would not expect the interior to look the way it did. Inside, it was farmhouse décor with mid-century modern furniture, and felt like you're in a little village, in a cute way.

As for the food, the food was freakin delicious. I was under the impression EMei was a Szechuan restaurant, but they have Cantonese dishes too. Not only were the Szechuan dishes well done and sufficiently spicy, but the Cantonese dishes were on point too!

Our entire group enjoyed everything we ate. EMei is definitely taking over as our new favorite restaurant in Chinatown!
Emei Shan is a holy Buddhist mountain in Szechuan Province, China. It is a difficult climb up steep trails and even steeper stairs. On the way, monkeys drop out of the trees seeking donations from the faithful, sometimes quite aggressively.  Still, once reaching the summit, you stand above the clouds and look out at a timeless world of sky and mountaintops.  Breathtaking.

E Mei Restaurant takes its name from this mountain.  

When I made my first visit over the past weekend, I was impressed with the effort made to upgrade the floor with quality tables and chairs, as well as table clothes and an overall sense of wanting to treat the customer well.  It worked. The cuisine is slightly different than the better know superheat of most Szechuan style dishes.  The owner is from Chongqing, a major city in China, that was formerly part of Szechuan Province, but is now an Autonomous Zone, carved out of its former province.  Their food is spicy and often hot, but more subtle than the blast furnace approach found in better known Chengdu-ese molten flavors. 

My companion and I started with apps of Dan Dan Noodles and Eggplant with Pepper. Both were well done, and only mildly hot.  The beef sauce on the noodles was plentiful. The eggplant more shredded than sliced, yet even with the ample peppers, did not raise a fire alarm.  Both were quite enjoyable. 

Our main courses consisted of Fish Fillet in Hot Spicy Sauce, Diced Rabbit with Peanuts in Chili Sauce, and Saute Squash.  Here's were the thermometer began to rise.  The fish came in a deep dish with a ton of fillets.  The sheen from the chili oil in which the fish swam was very noticeable, and its red color contrasted nicely with the pale yellow of the odd shaped fish.  This dish was about 4 alarm, meaning my tongue instantly reacted to touching the sauce and began to numb a bit. Just the way I like it! 

Rabbit is not my fave, but having had it in Chongqing I wanted to celebrate the opportunity.  The meat was on the bone, and cut into small pieces.  The peanuts were a strong presence, helping to control the overflowing chili and star peppers attempt at an insurrection. It was 5 alarm even with the peanuts holding the worst elements at bay.  For me, rabbit is a lot of work because of all the bones and small morsels of meat attained.  Still, it tasted very good, and all of it was gone by the time we called it quits on more eating.  The small green squash was a pleasantly sweet counterbalance to the rabbit's "hare" raising. 

All in all a very enjoyable and authentic meal.  Definitely worth a return visit.  For those of us who love Szechuan heat, this place is worthy, even if not at the apex of the volcanic chili scale.

Climb E Mei and taste the view from the top.

All this for under $50. plus tip.
e mei is an amazing reminder of home. not home like my mom's cooking (cuz that's unparalleled), but home like southern california, a glorious region with many great traditional chinese restaurants.

e mei is a traditional chinese restaurant in every sense of the word. from the fish tank and cashier's desk/bar that greets you when you first enter.. to the 4-seater booths lining both walls and the large round tables with lazy susan's down the middle of the restaurant.. to the chinese paintings on the wall and the signature red and gold back wall.

the menu is a bit eclectic.. mostly a fusion of dishes from all over southern china, including, but not limited to, sichuan dishes. i wouldn't necessarily classify this as a sichuan restaurant, as their spicy dishes are not THAT spicy and their cooking lacks the signature peppercorns indicative of sichuan food.

however, there is ample use of hot chili oil, but not so much that the food is greasy. i love that the food isn't drenched in sauce so that you can actually taste the quality and flavor of the meats. and yes, their best dishes here are meat-based. vegetarians beware.

the standout of the night was cumin lamb (something like that.. i don't remember the exact english translation). the complimentary peanuts and spicy broccoli stems at the beginning and the watermelon slices at the end were a nice touch. another reminder of home.

service is also exceptional here by a chinese restaurant's standards. i was kind of amazed.
Honey Walnut Shrimp with Combination - Chicken, Pork, Beef & Shrimp Fried rice. Legit homies!  I came here twice, during my visit and the food was good both times, service was lacking the second visit so they are at 50/50 with me. Served family style but the prices are fair. They also set you up with some complimentary tea, upon being seated.  If you want to peruse the menu, check it out here. http://orderemeirestaurant.com/ 

I would give this place a try if you are in the area. You won't be disappointed.
I'll say it: I prefer E Mei over Han Dynasty (no hate mail, please).

Han Dynasty has a cult following (which I understand), and I also think that place is very good. If Han Dynasty is the trendier, more "hip" place, E Mei is the more family-oriented, down-to-earth place.

To start, you get some roasted peanuts and pickled cabbage/cucumbers. This screams authenticity.

I like the Dan Dan Noodles here better: the peppercorns pack a better punch in less of a peanutty/viscous sauce. The Chongqing Spicy Chicken is crispy and tasty, the Double Cooked Pork is great, Cold Noodle with Spicy Sauce is refreshing, the whole Sea Bass in Hot Bean Paste is filling. I really haven't had anything bad here, and the portions are bigger than that of its rival.

They also have the usual American Chinese: General Tso's etc., but skip these and go for the more traditional Sichuan dishes. You won't be disappointed!
Out the dozen or so restaurants I have eaten in Chinatown, this is one of the restaurants I have become a regular at. The food is excellent and the interior is nicer and more comfortable than most restaurants in Chinatown (though you still have Tru TV on during dinner). 

Note: check in on yelp for the first time, you get an appetizer order of dumplings which is pretty good.

The food is solid. There is nothing that I have had here that has disappointed.

Recommendations

Soups: a nice start and complement to any meal. The west lake beef soup and the chicken corn soup are good.

Apps:
Noodle with minced pork sauce - Stir it up, it is excellent.

Hot dumplings - a good dish, but again stir the sauce comes in. The flavorful part settles at the bottom.

Entrees:

Shredded beef long hot pepper - a very hot and spicy dish with fresh green peppers

Dry Saute Shredded Beef with celery - moderately spicy dish with the flavor of dried red peppers

Fish Fillet in Hot Spicy Sauce - white fish over a bed of napa cabbage in a mild-moderately hot sauce.

The vegetables dishes are reliable. Try the black mushroom Bok Choy and spicy eggplant dishes, the are on par with any good Chinese restaurant.
E Mei is very easily one of my top favorite restaurants in Chinatown. You wanna come here for the hot and spicy Sichuan  specialties: all that tasty tongue-numbing Sichuan peppercorn and tingly searing chile heat. So, stick to the Sichuan portion of the menu. There's my, "Oh really? No duh," tip o' the day, right up front. 

E Mei does have an extensive menu full of Chinese-American style dishes as well, but c'mon you can get that stuff any ole place. Besides, you heard me the first time I repeated the word, "Sichuan,"over and over with abandon. That's the move.

Portions are large and very split-able. When you're seated you get ya some dishes of pickled cabbage and peanuts to enjoy while you wait...and usually the wait's not too long, but ehhh other times... 

My most favorite favorite dishes are the shredded beef with long hots and super wonderfully delicious crispy, spicy Chongqing Chicken. The latter is my number one all the time go-to. I could get down every day with those little chunks of spicy chicken tossed with dried red hot chiles, a sprinklin' of sesame seeds, a smatterin' of scallions. I think about it. I need it. *Hanker, hanker* So, that's my favorite, but truly I like to order both dishes when we go out, cause the mass of long green hot peppers stir fried with the thinly sliced beef goes so well... You know... a little bite of this, a little bite of that: Happy burny-mouthed smiles. So that's what we usually do...

But then there was this other time... A little while back I went with a group of Chinese students to E Mei, early on a Sunday afternoon. E Mei was their choice of meeting spot and I was all happy to yell, "Oh E Mei! I love that place!" as if that'd give me mad good-joint-knowin' cred. It did... it did... I met up with the crew all expecting to dine on some good Dan Dan noodles and my darlin' Chongqing chicken, when someone suggested that we all share the Hot Pot. I'm glad the eight of us did just that. 

I'm not sure if the Hot Pot is even on the regular menu, cause when one of our group requested it, all of our menus were whisked away out of our hands and we were given a photo-copied checklist: tons of vegetables, meats, seafood, tofu, noodles...on and on...

I left the ordering to the experts. Along with the large hot metal pot, divided into two sections with one side a simmering stock and one side dark red bubbling oil full of dried chiles and peppercorns, we received so many plates of ingredients with which to fondue-style cook, that they brought us another little side table! There were a mountain of assorted greens, mushrooms, tofu, dried squid, fish balls, beef, pork, chicken, some kinda kidneys, and lotsa lotsa more. 

It was somethin to behold... and it was somethin to eat, the pot ever hot. I mean, it was literally hours of good communal cooking and eating. And I'm definitely a fan of such things. (During the same afternoon, another large group was at a table nearby. I don't THINK that E Mei does byob, as they offer beer and wine, but this merry band had with them one of those gigantic bottles of Crown Royal, I mean the biggest one I have ever seen... from which they drank together, shot after shot, after standing toast after toast was given in Mandarin. That bottle the size of a toddler was kicked and that group was gone before we were even done grubbin!)

So consider the Hot Pot if you come with a group. However it worked out (I wasn't in charge of the bill either), it was around $20 each for an afternoon feast. 

Annnnd there ya have it: Everything I know about E Mei rambled in review.
ok ok, e mei i will give you that 5th elusive star. simply because you have spicy hot pot, and there's nowhere else in the city that satisfies my hot pot cravings.

for those who can't take the heat, ask for the yin yang pot -- it'll give your taste buds a chance to eat some food from the non-spicy side to offset the chili-and-peppercorn-infused spicy half.

best dishes for hot pot:
- lamb
- bean curd/tofu
- fish balls/shrimp balls
- vermicelli

make sure the soup is boiling before you add anything in. i always like to start off with meat (lamb and pork is the best, beef is ok too) to give depth to the soup base. be careful not to overcook the meat -- usually only a few seconds in boiling water is enough to cook the thin slices completely.

then i add in the extras like soy products, seafood, miscellaneous roots and vegetables (mushrooms, soy beans, cabbage, and chinese broccoli are my favorites) all in at once. these can cook for however long it takes you to finish all the items in the pot.

then once you think you're stuffed to the breaking point with all that food, dump in the vermicelli and let it simmer on low heat for a couple minutes to fully absorb the hot pot flavor before eating. makes for a delicious and spicy way to cap off a gluttonous meal.
You know it's good when you literally start sweating and your tummy is burning and your sinues are dripping! Spicy food heaven!

We had the DanDan noodles and yes they were delicious - thin noodles in a bowl with tiny bits of pork and spicy oil. We also had really yummy boiled dumplings in hot oil (which were a free Yelp check in item!) and unexpectedly loved them - soft almost raviloi like, meat filled pods in a dish of spicy red oil.  

The Seafood Soup, which was supposed to be the Seafood Hot and Sour but was so bland it couldn't be, was eh. The waitress told me it was a few times and finally brought me out some vinegar to shut me up which really didn't fix it.  It was ok - reasonable amounts of seafood in a decent broth - nothing I'd go out of my way to order again. 

We also ordered this Chouquing chicken hot pepper dish that was tiny pieces of fried chicken with a ton of crunchy hot peppers on top - they were ok as well - the pieces of chicken were so tiny they couldn't help being greasy.  The whole thing was salty and greasy and crunchy in a semi horrible, semi wonderful way and we were forced to order some Sapporo - really not a bad thing.

The service was so so - at some points overbearing, at others we really wanted a wait person and none were anywhere in sight for a long period. I feel like there are probably some delicious things we need to go back and order.  We'll definitely be getting the DanDan noodles and dumplings again.
Burning, painful, sweating, and o so goooooooood.

If you are a spicy food lover and in particular Sichuan style. This is the end of the road for you in Philly, and after this place you'll ride off in to the sunset and the credits rolls on. 

The hotpot is true Sichuan style, and with the exception of the Lamb(which is put in some weird powder to keep tender) everything is fresh. Your standard Hotpot fare of intestine, tofu, different meat, seafood, and o there is some sort of green/crunchy thing which some call... Veggie?

To me there is no Sichuan restaurant that can pass for being called such without having a passable Dan Dan noodles, and this place does not disappoint. I'd also recommend the Chongqing spicy chicken, and the Pork Intestine with numbing pepper.

Be sure you're ready for Ma La spices. Because if not, this is not for the feint of heart, and uninitiated. This place is a primary hang out spot for Sichuan exchange students from China for a reason, and unless you want to embarrass yourself and be that guy crying at his table, make sure you prep yourself ahead of time.
Thank God the quality of a restaurant isn't dictated by what the sign looks like. It's easy to walk past E Mei, located on the edge of chinatown where all the empty and dying stores are. But, I challenge you to go against your initial instinct and walk inside. You'll thank me later.

The decor inside is actually quite nice - which begs the question of why they don't make the outside look a little more attractive. As soon as we walked in, we were emphatically greeted by one of the owners. Our waitress was a total cutie and was very patient (see also: she pretty much ordered everything for us). 

WOW the food here is spicy! Which is a giant plus for me, since most of the time I can't get restaurants to cook spicy enough for my palate to register. It's difficult for me to explain what we ordered, since I speak in Chinglish....but for two people we ordered fu qi fei pian (a cold dish of sliced beef and tendon), boiled dumplings in hot sauce (very traditional Szechuan dish), and "shui zhu" mixed meats (fish filet, pork, liver, and tripe in a hot stew). Similar to how one might say (erroneously) that all Korean food tastes like kimchi, all of our dishes seemed to taste like hot oil (sauce you sometimes see it in chinese restaurants that you scoop out of a plastic jar). For me, this was basically culinary heaven, but just make sure you know what you're getting yourself into.

I will definitely be back for when I need my spicy food fix (heck, I'd come back just to banter with the waitress and owner!). I am very interested in trying the cumin beef, dan dan noodle, and - why not - a rabbit dish just for the heck of it. And as an added perk, they have karaoke here if that's your cup of tea. 

I'd say E Mei's biggest competition is Four Rivers, another Szechuan restaurant, a few blocks away. At this point, I'd say I prefer the different flavor combinations at Four Rivers, but because of the superior interior design and the hospitality of the staff, I give my vote to E Mei. "E May" you rise to the top! :)
One of our top usual Szechuan restaurant!! 

Casual go-to dish: Cold Noodles w/ Sesame Sauce 
For spicy lovers: Cold Noodles w/ Spicy 
(There's sliced cucumbers on the bottom so don't order a cucumber appetizer if you are ordering this one) 

Century Eggs w/ Eggplant: SO GOOD especially if you are a fan of hot oil, garlic, century eggs & eggplants. The flavors is just so perfect 

Cumin Lamb: YOU MUST TRY THIS. 

They also opened a spot called General Tsao in Center City, Samson St. It is also worth trying, but be aware it's slightly harder to find parking
Wow I'm blown away by how authentic the food is here. Seriously the best chongqing chicken and twice cooked pork I've ever had. The chongqing chicken taste like fried chicken nuggets (imagine the crispiest freshest popcorn chicken you've ever had) on spicy steroids. It is medium to high spice level and will make your nose runny. The twice cooked pork is mildly spicy pieces of pork belly cooked with leeks! So good! Both dishes are drowned in a shit ton of peppers (not suppose to eat it). That's how you know it's real! The spicy beef and tripe is also the best I've had in the while.

I've eaten in and ordered from Uber Eats. Uber Eats has a better interface than Foodler. Prices from both apps are the same ($2-3 more than eat in prices) but Uber has not charged me a delivery fee ever (Update: NOW the Uber fee is $5 *sad face*). Foodler has $3 delivery fee on top of the price hike. Food got to me in under 40 minutes and was still hot albeit the steam trapped under the take out boxes made the fried chicken sorta soggy. I also got the crispy fish filet with sweet and sour sauce because it was a popular item listed under uber eats menu. That dish, I was not very happy with was freakin $23 and all it was was whiting fish filets battered with corn starch and basic sweet and sour sauce topped with like 5 snow peas. It was fake fake fake Chinese food...tasted like your typical Chinese take out sweet and sour chicken replaced with fish. On top of that I hate fried corn starch breading. Corn starch made it not crispy at all  and kind of greasy and gummy. If they had used the same breading as the chongqing chicken I think I would have been happier. 

So moral is the authentic spicy selections are out of this world. The fake Chinese take out stuff, please skip because you'll get ripped off. Don't pay $18 for sesame chicken or $20+ for sweet and sour fish.

E Mei is 3x than Han Dynasty and 5x better than Dan Dan. Han Dynasty and Dan Dan are owned by the same family and their food is Asian Fusion at best.
This restaurant comes highly recommended; the staff are friendly and accommodating and the food is excellent. 

I was here earlier this year in a group of 17; they have a reserved room which accommodates large parties. Although we were late for our reservation by about 20 minutes, the manager was very friendly, and had kept the tables open. When we got in to the room, we noticed that they had a karaoke machine. Even before we got our food, the group renditions of Hotel California and Baby One More Time made this experience very positive. 

However, it was not only the ambiance that made E Mei great, the food was excellent. While I guess this might not have been the best Sichuan food I've had, I have to say that it was the best in the last few months. Since I have few complaints, I'll point out a few highlights (really actually just staples of Sichuan cuisine)

Some dishes you might want to try are
Appetizers
Beef Tendon in Chili Oil
Sliced Beef and Tripe (There are many apocryphal stories about this, which a strict translation would be "Husband and Wife's Tripe")
Diced Rabbit with Peanuts (There are Chinese stories that people who are pregnant and eat rabbit will give birth to children with cleft lips - I doubt that it is true medically, but if the waiter gives you a weird look, it might be for this reason)

Entree
The fish fillet in hot and spicy sauce (shui zhu yu = water boiled fish; 水煮鱼) comes highly recommended. 
Sliced lamb in hot and spicy sauce - very tender, very flavorful
Dried Shrimp with Winter Melon (not spicy)
Home Style Tofu
Tea Duck (a favorite of a few non-Chinese friends too)

Dessert
You're better off spending the money at a bakery

Also, rice was free, which was great because you can't get through spicy food without large amounts of rice. 

A lot of people have left good reviews of their DanDan noodles; personally I felt as if their DanDan noodles were fairly disappointing compared to the rest of their dishes. 

I really ask that you probably do yourself a favor and skip the dumplings, chowfun and the friend rice. Its like ordering New England Clam Chowder at a Texas Steakhouse.
I'm updating my review. This is the only restaurant I eat in chinatown because my girlfriend insists it's the most authentic szichuan style food in philly. Their food is great, but my last visit might be the last. 

We walked in at about 2pm and I noticed the whole crew was having lunch. Not wanting to interrupt, I asked if it'd be better if we came back in thirty or so. The waiter said its not a problem, seated us and went back to his table to eat. I went to the restroom to wash my hands before I eat and I noticed someone had vomitted all over the sink. Quite disgusted, I asked the waiter if someone could clean that so I may use the bathroom. He looked at me as if I were crazy and they continued to eat. Yeah we just left. This is an experience I haven't experienced before both dining in and working as a waiter a couple years back so I don't know if that's common. Am I the wrong one?
As much as I love Chinese food, I'm pretty much a stranger to Chinatown. My group decided to head that way for dinner on Saturday night and we turned to Yelp for a recommendation. Another great Yelp lead in the books. 

So we were heading out after dinner and didn't want to eat too much, so ordered a sampling of soups and appetizers. The portions were huge and it was way more food then any of us were expecting. 

Thanks to the check-in offer, I went with the dumplings boiled in hot oil as my starter. Now I've had steamed dumplings before but never boiled. The portion was large with about 10-12 decently stuffed dumplings. The hot oil sauce was both warm and spicy. At one point I regretted skipping the soup, but this filled my void. I also ordered the Dan Dan noodle appetizer which was yet another huge portion. To be honest again, I've never had Dan Dan Noodles before but based on other reviews I figured I'd give them a try. While I have no basis of comparison, I thought the dish was pretty tasty. And it was legitimately spicy. I hate when something is called spicy and is mild, but this wasn't the case at all. 

They also have a limited selection of wine (and beer too I believe although there was no drink menu). Four dollar for a glass of house chardonnay for the win! 

We all left satisfied and with plans to return.
This place is pretty authentic, come here if you like spicy food!  You must try...

Griddle Cooked Fish Fillet in Hot Oil!!!
-     The fish was light and flakey
-     Clear Noodles tucked away in the bottom

Pork Dumplings!!!!
-     6 pieces
-     Juicy & plump 
-     Dough on dumplings was thin & crispy

Tofu with Pork & Shrimp
-     Solid non-spicy dish

Spicy Lamb with Cumin 
-     Interesting with the cumin but a bit salty 

Dan Dan Noodles
-     The noodles were fresh and had a good bite but lacking the thick broth pork flavor 

Dow Mew & Cucumber!!!
-     Must!  Also the cucumber helps cleanse your palate before every bite 
-     Both veggies were fresh!

Btw, they serve complimentary roasted & salted peanuts and vinegar & spicy cabbage!!!, so good. 

Generous portions, take credit cards, great service, comfortable seating, great for large groups, comfort food.
Definitely check this place out! My friend and I were still hungry after eating a light lunch, so we stopped here for a late afternoon "snack." What we ended up getting was a delicious 3 course meal....

To start, the waiter brought us peanuts and brocolli with spicy seasame sauce as appetizers (they are free with your meal). We also checked in on Yelp, so he brought us a complimentary bowl of dumplings with sweet chili sauce. The dumplings were amazing (and free)!

My friend and I decided to split an entree. When looking at the menu, the meals seemed a little pricey for Chinese food, with the seafood dishes in the $15-$20 range. We soon found out, though, that they are well worth it because our dish of fish in hot chili oil could have fed 3-4 people easily and we took more than half of it home.  I would definitely recommend sharing dishes and maybe even ordering one dish for every 2 people unless you bring  eating contest champions to dinner. Our fish dish was tasty although a little too oily for my liking, so I might try another seafood option next time. Or I might also order it again and see if they could go easy on the oil next time. Regardless, we kept eating way past the point of being hungry because the spicy flavor was so good.

So after eating only a portion of our entree, we were stuffed, but our waiter proceeded to bring out dessert. At least it was light. They give you orange slices at the end of your meal, and fortune cookies of course! I will definitely be back to try more delicious dishes!
Dinner at E Mei was middling. Everything was okay but nothing was great.

[I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars]

***^ Eggplant with pepper ("cold dish" appetizer $6.95) - this is a pretty flavourful, oily, comfort food.  

***^ Beef tendon with spinach in spicy sauce ($15.95) - tendons were cooked fairly well, and mostly tender. The flavours were fine, but nothing extraordinary. 

**^ Fish fillet in hot & spicy sauce ($16.95) - Szechuan dishes with spicy fish fillets are usually my fave, but this was disappointing. The fish was not tender or silky at all. The texture was rough. Dish was spicy but otherwise not very flavourful.

*** Dried shrimp with winter melon ($9.95) - this is a basic vegetable dish. Nothing spectacular about it, but that's fine. It was well-executed. Melon was cooked properly to the right texture.

3+ stars
3.5 stars.

One of the many solid Chinese places in Chinatown Philly.

The inside of the restaurant is actually really roomy, but smells strong of cigarettes.

Food was pretty good. They claim authentic Sichuan, and it tastes close to that. I really enjoyed the 干锅羊 (dry pot lamb ?), but the other dishes were pretty subpar. The flavor is also pretty spicy, so that was pretty fun to get through.

Menu is complete, but I'd stick to the more flashy Sichuan dishes, which is what they do best.
This place is fantastic! The flavors are on par with what I expect Sechuan food to taste like.

The online ordering is super easy and user friendly. You place the order, tip right then, and pick up when it's ready. I got home with a big bag of food, and was pleasantly surprised by the quantity of food there was. 

I tried the eggplant and the mapo tofu, and both were splendid. I especially liked how they didn't skimp on the spice for the tofu, especially since I wasn't familiar with their spice levels. The eggplant was delicious, but slightly firm for my liking. For two dishes and a side of rice, there was plenty of leftovers for two people. 

I'm excited to try some of their meat dishes and explore more of the mala taste.
I found a dead roach in the griddle cooked lamb. It was in between lamb meats. Please be careful to find what is in your food.
What a great find in Philadelphia!

As a New York resident I find it hard pressed to find a decent, authentic Sichuan restaurant in the city. Was at Philly and hear about this legit, authentic Sichuan restaurant at Chinatown called E Mei. Went in a group of four for lunch at 1pm. Restaurant was surprisingly pretty empty with a few tables seated, so we were seated quite quickly. Total bill came out $77 for four people - definitely not the cheapest option around town but still nonetheless a good deal for what we got (5 dishes + two hot appetizers). 

AMBIANCE:
Overall a pretty large dining area, with lots of lights. Was pretty quiet today since there were only a few tables today minus a bunch of loud kids playing in front of the fish tank. Ambiance is your typical Chinese restaurant with Chinese decor.

PROS:
Highlights were definitely the 夫妻肺片 (Beef tendon and tripe in chili oil), Liang Fen, Red oil wontons, and fish with Tofu. The Beef tendon was very authentic!!! They used a lot of chili oil and had a good amount of cilantro, garlic on top, making it a great balance of flavors that you get each bite you take. Liang fen was very authentic as well as it reminded me of the type of liang fen you get at Chongqing, and the red oil wontons were probably some of the best store bought wontons i've ever had - the filling was a pork filling and had a good filling to wonton skin ratio - making each bite delicious. Fish was also very fresh, and the tofu was silky smooth. Would want all their recipes because those aforementioned dishes were very authentic, tasty, and reminded me of the food I had in Chongqing. 

CONS:
Biggest let down was the eggplant. The eggplant was sauteed slightly undercooked and was a little bland IMO. Beef stir fried with chilis had more chilis than beef so it felt like we ordered a pile of chilis compared to beef. 

OVERALL:
Great, authentic Sichuan experience in Philadelphia. There are a few dishes that I would avoid, but overall my experiences at E Mei have been incredibly positive.
Let me start by saying that I have eaten my fair share of Sichuan food in Philadelphia. On the higher end of the price spectrum, I've compared and contrasted several dishes at Han Dynasty, Jane G's, and most recently Dan Dan. On the lower end, I've explored the menus of Szechuan Chili, Red Kings 2, and now E Mei. After trying all these restaurants, I can say confidently that E Mei is not the best Sichuan restaurant in Philadelphia, but it certainly is at the top of the charts in its price bracket.


Proving that passion for food is all it takes, two petite ladies ordered the following:

Boiled Dumplings with Hot Oil
Plump wontons in hot oil. While the pork filling was nice and savory, the hot oil lacked flavor and spice. I can't really complain too much though because this dish was free with check-in!

Hot and Sour Seafood Soup
The hot and sour seafood soup is uncharacteristically white in color, most likely because E Mei uses a mild clear vinegar rather than the typical strong dark vinegar. While I definitely prefer the latter, I still enjoyed the subtle taste of this soup. However, there was no actual seafood to be found. No lump crab here -- rather, thinly sliced imitation crab.

Chongqing Spicy Chicken
Mmmm lightly battered chicken deep-fried until crispy, then stir-fried with dried red chilis and fresh scallions -- is there anything about this dish not to like? The answer is no. This is a must-order dish at E Mei.

Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Sauce
Similar to Chongqing Spicy Chicken, this is a classic dish that must be ordered when at a Sichuan restaurant. While I did not notice any faults with the cookery, I was disappointed by the absence of numbing peppercorns. This is where the difference between the high and low end of the price spectrum lies -- the quality of ingredients. Good peppercorns are more expensive.
 
Sauteed Watercress
We ordered watercress because E Mei was out of pea shoots. Sadly, sauteed bok choy and mushrooms was served in its place. Since we happen to like bok choy and mushrooms, we decided to say nothing and keep the dish. It was cooked properly and offered a nice mild counterpart to the other spicy dishes.

Unsurprisingly, I left E Mei with leftovers. And boy did they make a delicious next-day meal. I repurposed the Fish Filet in Hot and Spicy Sauce by adding chicken broth, threw in a block of ramen, and topped my spicy noodle soup with the leftover bok choy, mushrooms, and dumplings. If you end up doing this too, please be advised NOT to drink the broth. Trust me, the ingredients in the fish dish are not good for the waistline or digestive system. 

One last thing: this review is actually a 3.5 bumped up to a 4. The overabundance of imitation crab in the soup and the low level of spice across the dishes were NOT okay. However, I cannot deny that E Mei still floats to the top amongst the other affordable Sichuan options. With that said, I recommend E Mei if you're in Chinatown and craving Sichuan.
Our go-to for Chinese here in Philly. The only place that is anywhere close to California in terms of food. Seriously, why does anyone go to Han Dynasty or any of the other Szechuan places? They're all overpriced and/or horrible.

Stick to the actual specialties, not the Americanized crap and you'll be fine. Also, check in on Yelp for free dumplings.
Our favorite dish here is the Mapo tofu! It has a great blend of spice and flavor and the tofu is just the right softness and texture. We have tried mapo tofu at Traditional Schezuan, Dim Sum Garden and Ho Sai Gai and none could compare to the dish at E Mei. We order this every week and will be ordering it only from here from now on. Their pork dumplings are also delicious. The staff has always been very friendly and the service has been quick without being hurrying. A great spot for traditional Chinese food in Chinatown!
Pretty sure E Mei is my fave szechuan restaurant in Phl. I've been here for hotpot, dinner, lunch, take outs - so so good. In fact, I'm writing this review because I suddenly remembered their ants-climbing-a-tree dish at 1am (glass noodles and ground pork and that all spicy yumminess) and needed to remind myself to return for that! 

-Hotpot is great, stock is authentic, better than the other generic hotpot places. The portions are huge too. if you're the type of person that doesn't seriously gorge himself/herself, this will probably come out cheaper than AYCE places, and tastier from the fresher ingredients 
-So many of their dishes are solid: ma yi shang shu, west lake beef soup, chongqing fried chicken, ma po tofu, twice-cooked pork belly, even the salted vegetable and duck soup, when I was craving some of those communal light soups for the table. one of the things i haven't tried is the wantons in chili oil, which IMO is one of the best indicators of a szechuan restaurant. I'm looking forward to trying it next time! 

Service is good, attentive. Food is probably pricier than other Chinatown joints, but you're paying for the superior quality + service + cleanliness & spaciousness of the restaurant. Great for longer meals and conversations.
I came here on Friday night with a large group on the popecopalypse lol.
There was only three other tables here as it was a ghost town in Philadelphia this past weekend. The waiters and waitresses are very quick here & the food is always delicious and spicy! They're always accommodating for our big group and patient with the fact that we took hours to eat and chat.
Of course family style is the best option ! We got the double cooked pork which was sooo...good. The squash was also a party favorite. Let's not forget our favorites, the eggplant with garlic sauce, sautéed string beans, mapo tofu, spicy shredded pork, crispy duck & the dumplings in chili oil. After eating two full plates, I still wanted more!
BTW if you check in you get the dumplings for free - 8 of them :)
I consider myself a snob when it comes to good Chinese food. I came here with a group of 50 people split into 5 tables and a fixed menu of over 10 dishes, which included: 

- Seafood Soup
- Jelly Fish with Scallion
- Sliced Roasted Beef
- Beef Tendon with Hot Oil
- Bamboo Shoot with Chili Sauce
- Dried Tofu with Celery
- Tea Smoked Duck
- Mushroom with Vegetable
- Rice Powder Steamed with Ribs
- Whole Fish with Bean Paste
- Braised Chicken with Chestnut
- Sauteed Squash

...and the only dish that was more than just "so-so" or simply edible was the ribs! I had such high hopes coming here, since I've heard several people mention that E Mei was comparable to Han Dynasty... but I think NOT.

Also, terrible service. I saw the waitstaff accidentally pour the contents of dishes on the customers' belongings... which made me worry throughout dinner.
Szechuan is one of my favorite cuisines - and EMei will now be a staple in my diet.   

Before we get into specific dishes, my feedback overall is: if you are used to spicy food / if you order 8-10 at Han, make sure you specify you want spicy. The food was DELICIOUS and it had great  Szechuan peppercorn / chili oil flavoring, but I would have liked everything a bit spicer. I didn't specify any spice level as I wanted to try as-is for my first time. 

Must order:
Dan Dan - really great flavor. The noodles are much thinner than what I'm used to from other dan dan recipes, and it's a totally different flavor. Less nutty flavored and more Szechuan peppercorn. Really delicious. 

Cumin Beef - My fiance got this and I was only allowed to steal one bite because he enjoyed it so much. The beef seems to be seared / dry fried in a delicious cumin flavoring. I usually get cumin chicken and I might be a convert to cumin beef moving forward. Very flavorful + great portion! 

Thinly sliced beef in hot & spicy sauce - ( This is a similar dish to the Hot Sauce Beef from han, just with a different name). This is what I ordered and first off the portions are HUGE - I got THREE meals out of this. It came piping hot that I burnt my entire tongue off- just the way I like it! Now the flavor profile...was so, so amazing. Tons of raw garlic and napa cabbage and meat in the most delicious sauce. It had that lovely numbing effect that I love about Szechuan Peppercorns. I enjoyed every bite, of all 3 meals I got from this.  The only thing I didn't love was it came with a big pile of cilantro stems + leaves on top (not a big cilantro fan) but luckily I was able to remove the whole pile easily before diving in. 

If you want steamed rice for either entree dish it costs extra, which I also thought was odd, but it was only $1. 

Hot & Sour Soup - This was the best hot & sour soup I've had. And it was only $2. I will be dreaming of this soup for days to come.  

As for the restaurant ambiance, the place is so clean, cute, and classy! I loved the teapot, tea cups, & complimentary Green tea itself, and loved the whole feng shui of the dining area. The service was stellar & everyone was so nice as well! 

Can't wait to come back!
Walked by this place last night on our way to Szechuan Tasty House, and its new blue awning caught my eye. After Yelping both places, we decided to try this new Szechuan restaurant. 

The inside is a lot nicer than the blue awning would suggest. The people are nice, and are of average attentiveness typical of Chinese restaurants. We ordered the Dan Dan noodles, the steamed pork with garlic soy vinaigrette (suan ni bai rou), and shredded beef with long hot peppers. The noodles were okay, but they don't hold a candle to the ones at Han Dynasty. I would probably skip them next time. However, the sliced pork was pretty tasty. The real star was the shredded beef with long hots. This was just spicy enough and delicious, and I highly recommend it. 

Since pretty much everyone and their mothers have been to and love Han Dynasty, I feel it is useful to use it as a basis of comparison. Han Dynasty can't be beat when it comes to Dan Dan noodles or various items in chili oil (mostly apps). However, when it comes to actual dishes (shredded beef with long hots here vs shredded pork with bean curd at Han dynasty)  this place just might be able to compete. I'll have to try more dishes at both places to be certain, though.
Never ordering their hot pot again.

We were lucky to have a reservation, and my friends and I were immediately seated upon entering. We came in knowing we wanted the hot pot, and took out their order form and placed a bunch of orders. We got a wide range of ingredients, including meats like beef, pork, lamb, shrimp, and fish, as well as smaller add-ons like shrimp and fish balls, fried tofu, and assorted veggies. We decided to go with the half-and-half pot to satisfy those at the table that wanted some spice!

The burner was quickly brought and within 10 minutes we had a boiling pot of broth at our table. This is where the experience went downhill. The chicken broth side was a little on the bland side but got the job when it came to cooking things. Unfortunately, the spicy side was almost inedible. NOTE: I am a huge fan of spicy, especially Szechuan peppercorn spicy, which was one of the bases of the spicy broth. Not only was it way too spicy (hurt just to touch), there were so many peppercorns, chiles, and seeds that you had to take a minute brushing off each food item just to make sure it wasn't going to kill you. And forget about vermicelli. When we pulled it out, it basically had peppercorns on every strand and was way too much trouble to try and clean. I was crying and sweating and my face was beet red after the first five minutes of eating. And my stomach wasn't happy the next day :(

As some reviewers mentioned, E Mei's hot pot is also a little on the pricey end, and they weren't joking. What would normally cost me ~$5-6 per person to make at home cost me $27 for an even less-satisfying experience. Call me spoiled, but I would much rather go down the street to Asia Supermarket and pick up just about any of the ingredients on the menu for less than a quarter of the price.

I will say though, I have been before for their regular menu items which are much more reasonable (in price and in spice level). I would definitely consider coming back again for those, but with Han Dynasty right down the block from me now, it would only be if I were already in Chinatown.

Overall, very dissatisfied, especially since a lot of my friends had raved about the hot pot. For those of you with burners, just stick to those and be happy. Save your mouths (and your wallets.)

Pros: authentic spice, varied menu, free appetizer with Yelp check-in!
Cons (all dealing with hot pot): price, spice level, experience

Dishes to skip: hot pot (especially the spicy broth. Unless you have a death wish.)
This is a newer restaurant in Chinatown that I haven't tried until recently.

Think of it as similar to Han Dynasty but geared more towards the Asian crowd.  The Chinese menu has more items than the standard English menu.  The food is spicy and good and the portions are nice and big!

Their version of Dan dan noodles is comparable to Han Dynasty.

The thing this place has over Han Dynasty is a more diverse menu with more of the "regular" asian dishes that are not crazy spicy like Han Dynasty.

The prices are cheap and the portions are for sharing!
I wouldn't pretend to know "authentic" Szechuan but I'm guessing this is close. At any rate it is hands down better than the breaded, corn starch laden glob you get at Americanized Chinese joints. The menu is huge and it was hard to choose. We settled on a crab and asparagus soup, a seafood noodle soup, and an order of  shredded duck with ginger. Holy crap it was way more food than we could eat!  If we got a do over we would get just one soup and one main dish to share and it would still be too much. BTW, if you want "Americanized Chinese", there is a section on the menu named that and I bet its pretty good.
4.5

Free pickled vegetables! I've searched a long time for this. More mala than usual... I broke a sweat and my mouth was as numb as my first Szechuan meal.

Dan Dan noodles: the noodles had a freshly drawn taste that I don't typically find

Dry pepper chicken: very good, though it seemed as though they sprinkled salt on the top which made it too salty

Jerky: a little chewier than I expect, but a rare find around here so I'll take it

Griddle pot: basically a dry pot. Good, but not the best. Wish they had fish.

Tilapia in chili oil: has bones in it... Beware

Dumplings in chili oil: standard

Current rankings:

Emei, Jane g, han dynasty (old City), chili Szechuan, Dan Dan, han dynasty University City
If you're a huge fan of Szechuan food like me, definitely give E Mei a try. I came here for lunch yesterday, and I was super surprised about how authentic the food was here. The lunch dishes combos are super worth it - dishes are under $10, and although there are many americanized Chinese food dishes on the list, there are some authentic Szechuan gems tucked in there too. I definitely think that with the soup that comes with the lunch combo, one is enough to share with two people who aren't super duper hungry (my friend and I ordered two dishes with an appetizer, and we had lots to take home). I ordered the Ma Po Tofu, and it brought me back to China - it was that good. Very authentic flavors and generous portions, and the spiciness and numbness were both refreshing after a long break from Szechuan food. My friend ordered the Pepper Steak (which had a lot of peppers, not enough steak), but he said the flavors of that dish were pretty mediocre, especially compared to the rest of the food that we ordered. I love Dan Dan Noodles, and the ones here are definitely very tasty - highly recommend ordering them, especially because the price is so cheap. The sauce of the noodles had some very authentic Szechuan flavorings to them since they made my tongue so numb.

Love the little peanut bowl as an appetizer. I was so upset that I checked in on Yelp towards the end of our meal because you can receive a free dish of Boiled Dumpling with Hot Oil upon check-in. The servers are also very nice and have pretty good recommendations if you ask.

So if you're new to Szechuan food and want to see what it's really like (rather than sticking to that Americanized crap), give E Mei a try. Warning though: if you can't handle spicy food, this is not the place for you. Bring lots and lots of water, and eat lots of rice.
I thought it was good, but still thought Han Dynasty was better. However, to be fair, we went to Han Dynasty with a huge group so I was able to sample much, much more than when I came to E Mei with the hubby.

The beef with long peppers was, hands down, the best dish we tried. Dumplings in hot chili oil was also amazing. I actually wasn't a huge fan of the dan dan noodles - I thought the noodles at Han was better, although the hubby liked E Mei's version better.
Szechuan food had been one of the recent fads in Philly. I guess we all wanted some spice in our lives. I've tried Han Dynasty, of course, and Four Rivers, Empress Garden, but just for the spiciness factor E Mei is my favorite.

Call me a wuss all you want but I don't need my mouth to be numbed every time I bite into something. Shoot anesthetics in my mouth and you can achieve the same effect without the next day consequences. I want to taste my food, the salty, the sweet, the savory taste of meat. Not just hot numbing mouth paralyzing heat. If I want that I can bite a chili. What E Mei does good, is that they allow the other flavors to play a role in a dish albeit the spice. 

Immediately after you seat down, you'll be treated to a small plate of salt roasted peanuts and chili oil marinated diced cabbage. I'm mentioning this because I love those cabbage, salty, spicy, surprisingly packed with umami. The Chongqing Spicy Chicken seems to be the crowd favorite, cubed chicken fried with a lot of dried chili, they make one of the better Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil in the city. The Fish Fillet in Hot and Spicy Sauce here is also quite superb, Silky morsels that you can just slurp up. You will need some neutral vegetables to balance the meal. The Black mushroom with Bok Choy or the Sauteed Squash with Black Fungus are both good options. When it's winter and the Snow Pea Leaf are in season, try them.

Things here are very affordable and come in a good portion but of course the place is nothing fancy. It's traditional Chinese family restaurant decor and furnishing. 

An incident happened last time I came where a waiter flipped a whole hot plate of food on a patron cause him to have a second degree burn on both arms, but all they did was to move to another table and continue eating. I don't think I will judge the place and made me not come here again, but it's a little worrisome.
Oh Chinatown...how you disappoint me. It seems almost every place I have tried here I keep expecting to have something awesome and unfortunately E Mei has continued my bad streak. The sauces on the dishes were sickly sweet and were thick and gloomy. The orange beef was so tough I literally couldn't even chew it. The dan dan noodles were okay- very spicy- but not much other flavor. The steamed dumplings were wayyy too doughy with an improper dough to meat ratio. Service was also pretty sketchy, I had to ask for water halfway through our meal and our waiter was pretty nonexistent during the meal. 

Bottom Line: I continue my quest for great Chinese food in Chinatown. This place is just no good.
Was here in January with somm friends for dinner.  I can't say enough about how awesome this place is.  Perfectly spiced food, authentic, and generous portions - and the prices are crazy inexpensive.  We brought wine (of course) and paid a very minimal corkage fee ate and drank like queens!

Star dishes - the Hot and Spicy Fish is enough to feed 3 or 4 people alone.  The eggplant and scallion pancakes are also outstanding.  Everything we had was incredible - you really can't go wrong at all here.
Having been back here a few times recently, and also having tried Han Dynasty again, I feel like this place deserves a rare 5th star. Certainly not as good as it gets compared to CA food, but for the East Coast this is well deserved.

Their food is actually spicy, not like Han Dynasty where even I can handle their entire menu. Recommended:
- Chongqing chicken
- Cumin lamb
- Beef tripe/tendon/ear w/ chili oil
- Mapo tofu
- pea leaves or water spinach are always a good way to balance out the spicy

Finally, the last time we went, our server (an older Chinese lady) was extremely helpful and friendly, even on a non-Chinatown scale.
There are a few options in Philly Chinatown for Sichuan food, but none are as authentic and tasty as E Mei. You just can't compare, it's not fair. Other local restaurants make spicy Chinese food and try to pass it off as authentic Sichuan food, but they don't add enough Chinese peppers or Sichuan peppercorns.

My go to appetizer dishes are Wontons in chili oil (spicy), Sliced Beef And Tripe With Chili Sauce (cold dish, very spicy), Cucumber with garlic sauce (cold dish). 

As for entrees, 99% of the time I get Sliced Beef In Hot And Spicy Sauce (very spicy). 

My suggestions for other things to try if you're feeling adventurous: 

Chongqing chicken (very spicy)
Cumin lamb (not spicy)
Pork Intestine With Chinese Pepper Corn (spicy)
The more menu items we try, the more I fall in love with this place. I am devastated that we're moving to Delaware County and won't be able to get take-out from here anymore.

The veggie lo mein and pork with hot green peppers have both been added to my usual order of Chongqing chicken. I'm also a HUGE fan of the pork dumplings with spicy chili oil. The chili oil comes with a ton of garlic and ginger in it, and it's just to die for.

As you can probably tell, we have leftovers for days when we eat here. We just can't resist ordering all of the delicious dishes so we end up having a lot of leftovers.

I will miss you, E Mei. I will miss you :(
E Mei God. This place is amazing!

Upon arrival you are immediately brought a dish of tasty peanuts and another of life-changing spicy chopped salad. Yes, I just said salad changed my life.

Next, I redeemed the Yelp offer to receive a free order of spicy boiled dumplings. A very generous 8 dumplings came in the serve, though I was only able to polish off three or four. They were not the best dumplings I've ever had, but they were tasty still and definitely packed enough heat to start me a  case of the Szechwan sweats.

Next came my main, the spicy Szechwan chicken. The portion was massive and packed just about as many dried chillies as there are people in Szechwan province. This dry style chicken bursted with spicy flavor and literally had my face pouring in sweat. I had some napkins to stem the sweaty tide, but really what I needed was a towel. 

Not able to take in any more of the intense deliciousness, I called it quits and probably took 70 percent of my order home with me.

The meal was concluded with much appreciated wedges of orange and a fortune cookie to dull the lingering spicy pain. It was a good pain though. 

E Mei God is right - this is some of the tastiest Southern Chinese cuisine I've ever sunken my teeth into.

-SZ
I have been here for many times. Every time my roommate and I go grocer shopping, we go to Emei for lunch. Lunch Special worth the price.
As an international student from Chingqing, I recommend: 
1.suan ni bai rou - Sliced pork belly with garlic and soy sauce
2.ma la tu ding - diced rabbit with peanut in chili sauce
3. Mao xue wang - Spicy pork stew
4. Hui guo Rou - double cook pork 

Huo bao Yao hua is so so.

Hope it helps.
Have to start by saying I love the decor in E Mei. The interior room is so classy - clean and sleek windows, lighting, wood fixtures. The plates, tea pots, and tea cups are very trendy contemporary Chinese - what you see in many upscale Hong Kong restaurants. The waitresses were very friendly and attentive, so no complaints on service. 

However, the food I thought was decent, but not great. There's a very large menu with modern Chinese, American chinese, and traditional Szechuanese/Sichuanese, so I can't judge all of the food based only on the two things I ate, and I'd definitely return again to try different dishes. Honestly, I'd come back just to sit and have tea and a snack.
Was very disappointed in this place. Should have turned around when they wouldn't honor the Yelp check in offer but decided that I would stick it out. Based on all the reviews got the chongqing chicken. Not sure why people rave about this. Hardly any chicken. Just a bunch of fried little chunks of skin or breading or chicken sliced so thin was hardly any meat to it. Flavor was fine with a nice spice to it but after trying to find any real pieces of chicken and failing I had to dump it and will now have to order room service. Very disappointed.
This is a hard rating to give, more so because I know Emei is capable of better. I've been here before for their Szechuan dishes and have always enjoyed the food. But recently I came on a cold winter evening with a couple friends in the mood for hotpot. I grew up eating a lot of hotpot, and judge it based on three general criteria: the soup broth, the quality of the ingredients, and the dipping sauces.

We ordered the duo broth with half Szechuan chili broth and half original. While flavorful, they both tasted high in msg. I think I would have preferred plain hot water. 

Now onto the ingredients. The veggies, tofu, and noodles we ordered were fine. But the lamb and beef were disappointing. They were covered in a cornstarch mixture, which is supposed to help meats maintain a tender, velvety texture. But in this case just tasted mushy and soft. In fact, it was hard to distinguish the lamb from the beef amidst the overly powerful soup broth and the dense cornstarch coating. 

As for the sauce, we ordered barbecue. It was basically the satay sauce. Don't get me wrong, I love satay, but it lacked seasoning. Soy sauce, sesame paste, or anything would have given it a little needed something extra. I felt like they were just lazy and scooped a couple spoonfuls from the Bull Head can and called it a day.

The bill came to about $27 pp which was quite pricey considering the humble amount we ordered. The soup base was approx $22 and each additional dish is between $3 and $8, so it's definitely more economical to come with a bigger group.

Given the disappointing broth, meats, sauce, and price, I won't recommend this place for hotpot. But nonetheless I can see myself coming back for their regular Szhechuan menu.
Surprisingly good takeout. My usual go to was closed for the holiday, but I was craving some American Chinese. They specialize in Sichuan, so I was a bit nervous since I was mostly skipping that portion of the menu. I got Spring Rolls, Creamy Jumbo Walnut Shrimp, General Tao's Chicken, House Lo Mein, and figured I throw in one Sichuan specialty for good measure, Dan Dan Noodles.

I was quite a fan of how it turned out. 1st- Portions are huge, 2nd - I loved that they separated the creamy walnut sauce and Dan Dan sauce for takeout so everything didn't get soggy. 

Each sauce was so good The Dan Dan Noodles had the right amount of oil and spice, the creamy sauce for the shrimp had the right amount of sweetness, and the general tao's sauce was awesome. My only complaint is the general tao's chicken had a bit too much breading
Called in and ordered from here on a Friday night at peak dinner hours - 4 dishes, 20~ mins estimated - came to pick up the order and it was all ready and the restaurant was PACKED with several parties waiting. 

Chongqing Chicken was as crisp and delicious as advertised! Very spicy but also very flavorful. Huge. Ass. Quantity. And even though it was very much breaded fried chicken - there was a lot of chicken in each piece! 

Dan Dan Mien was warm which was unexpected! But it was SO. SO. SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. GOOD. The sauce that went on top was numbing hot and mind numbing good on top of the warm soft noodles and big ole mountain of spiced minced meat and fermented browned veggie. Cooked (I'm assuming boiled?) romaine was the perfect veggie and came in just the right quantity to soak up the sauce too. 

Crispy Fish Fillet with Dry Hot Peppers - HOLY MOLY GOOOOOOOOD AND SPICY. Huge pieces of crispy fish fillet. I don't know how they bread and fry it but it wasn't oily or too bready or too soggy or too crispy and the fish was delicious and succulent and melty soft and tasted fresh not frozen. They just did everything right with this dish! The green onions and scallions were the right complement. 

Eggplant in Garlic sauce - Not a fan. The sauce was too garlicy. The egglant was too mushy. It just felt generic and like takeout egglant from any ole hole in the wall chinese joint. That said, everyone else enjoyed it enough. 

~

Came back the next day for more take out! Got the dan dan mien again and fu chi fei ping (beef and tripe in chili oil). AALDKFJALKDFJALDFK YUM. Lots and lots of tripe just the way I like it. Delicious sauce. Huge portion for a great price. Stuffed and happy I am.
Sichuanese food has really taken off in recent years, gaining popularity beyond Chinatown, but Sichuanese stalwart E Mei remains one of the best, most authentic options in Philly. 

There are dishes that you can't find elsewhere, like the salty egg yolk tofu with shrimp (咸蛋黄虾仁豆腐), an addictive combination of rich egg yolk with silky tofu in a sunny yellow dish. There are the staple Sichuanese dishes, like the wonderfully crunchy Chongqing spicy chicken (重庆辣子鸡, sometimes called "dry pepper chicken"), the dan dan noodles (担担面, much more authentic than the peanut buttery versions found at more Americanized joints), and whole fish in hot bean paste (豆瓣鲜鱼), which is one of the tastier renditions of the dish I've had in a while, though I would have liked it served over a warming candle to prevent the sauce from congealing. 

Large portions of generally delicious food coupled with attentive service and clean, modern decor (with maybe the comfiest dining chairs I've ever encountered in Chinatown) make the dining experience at E Mei worth the higher price tag.
Authentic Chinese food. I go back for their ma po tofu all the time. Service and environment are decent.
One of the very best, freshest, hottest meals we have ever had in Chinatown. Also, very clean. They use real ceramic dishes, and not that plastic stuff. Wait staff vert attentive. They are very busy though.
Soooo good! Emei is everything you want Sichuan/Szechwan chinese to be! Fresh, fiery, and full of flavor. We've sampled multiple dishes, but really love the Dan Dan Noodles, cold cucumber dish, and wanton in chili like to start. Follow it up with their mao po tofu, shredded pork in garlic sauce, and fish filet in hot and spicy sauce (it comes in a lovely wok with a burner under it). Portions are massive! They take cards and cash. No byob because they have limited beer and wine selection. Will definitely be back many more times!
I used to patronize E Mei regularly, but never again after tonight. There was one table available (being cleaned) when I came in with my group of 5. I was told that that table was for my group. Right as the table was finished, a group of 3 walked in, sweet-talked the host, and got the table. I asked why we were not given the table and he said they were there before (couldn't be-- they definitely told their party size when they entered). I told the manager (in Chinese) that I was not happy with the unfair treatment and walked out. In the United States, we seat people in the order they come; it's not about who sweet talks whom.
This review is mostly for the hot pot here. E-mei is a restaurant that I frequent all the time, possibly the one I go to the most when I eat out. I've gotten the normal Szechuan fare here, but usually I come here for hot pot.  This is the only place in Philly that I know that actually serves the cook-it-yourself hot pot and it is pretty yummy. One of my friends (who is extremely picky) raves about the soup bases - both the spicy and the non-spicy. We always get the yuan-yan (half- half). I would definitely recommend getting the fish and the pork balls for hot pot. The pork balls are different from the usual meatballs which are much denser. It is softer in texture and pretty tasty. They also give you a plate of free jew's ear, veggies, bean sprouts, pig's blood, pork balls, and some other stuff. 

The normal Szechuan food is pretty decent as well. This is definitely not a place for people who don't like spicy food.

My only quips about the place is that it is a bit overpriced. It's possible that my friends and I are just pigs, because our bill usually end up being $20 -25/person for hot pot. That is pretty expensive for hot pot considering doing hot pot at home would usually come to under $10/person. Of course, I wouldn't know how to replicate the soup base here. 

If you are can handle spicy food and enjoy hot pot, this is definitely worth checking out. It's a true Szechuan experience.
Came here for hot pot on a Saturday night, and was impressed. We ordered a half-spicy half-non-spicy pot, with a mix of vegetables, noodles, seafood, and meats. The pork and beef were well-marinated and more tender than the usual thin-sliced meat used for shabu shabu, and the other ingredients were top quality. You can easily see the care that goes into preparing the food here: the vegetables were freshly washed and neatly cut, and served on pristine white plates. Will definitely be returning here!

They also have a wide selection of conventional Szechuan entrees, which are a few cuts above what you'd find at other Szechuan joints in Chinatown.
This is the worst restaurant I ever went!!!!! I gave it one star is because there is no zero star to rate!!! I am so disappointed about this restaurant's  terrible service and dishes!!! 
I went to this restaurant for lunch, and got spicy beef. The beef was raw and red inside!! And it was tasted like just taking out from a refrigerator. I asked the waiter to heat it, he was very rude and unfriendly, he just pretended to don't understand what I am talking about and said I am picky....that waiter ( an mid age man) is the worst waiter I met. He took the beef to reheat, using microwave!!!!
Can you believe that someone heat raw meat with Microwave?!?!  They are so irresponsible for customers' health!!! 
I didn't eat a lot during lunch, but what happened in paying the bill really pissed me off. I was not happy with the service, so it's my right to not give so many tips, but after I signed the check, a waitress just took the check and asked me to put more tips! That's so terrible and I felt I was insulted!!
This is my first time write an review in Yelp, I wouldn't do this if I am not pissed off!! I don't want somebody else get the same treat as me!! 
A big "No!" to this ridiculous E mei restaurant!

And all I wrote are true, if you guys don't believe can contact me!
I'm usually bored silly by Chinese food, but that's because I haven't had the bold flavors of  proper Szechuan Chinese before. Now that I have, I'm definitely going to come back.

Nothing about the food here wasn't a kick in the teeth (and I mean that in the most appealing, delicious way possible). Even upon sitting, the asparagus stalks you are given for free are partially pickled in some delectably spicy brine (?).

The sour cabbage and pork stomach stew led things off for us--a full meal for two at $6 with powerful flavors throughout. The food here has spice, but not a lot of it can be called spicy by the usual definition. Tears won't be running down your eyes, although you will definitely feel a kick. Szechuan spice has been described as both "cold" and "hollow" which are such bizarre descriptions that they prompted me to come here in the first place.

After that we had the shredded pork with long hot peppers. Instant classic! Everything about it is awesome, especially the price (I had 3 meals' worth for $11!). 

Service was impeccable and everybody else nearby seemed to be having a hell of a good time too (the couple next to us ordered 5 dishes and had their entire booth filled with bits of everything). I want to come back here and try out the whole menu. I can't get enough of this spice profile.
Wow! We ordered directly from them for delivery and were so impressed with their online delivery option (we try and avoid the 3rd party ordering like GrubHub, Seamless, Caviar which apparently are decimating restaurants with their high fees). The food arrived within one hour and the restaurant called us as soon as we placed the order to offer up a substitution for an out of stock item. The portions were so generous. The Fish Fillet in Hot and Spicy Sauce is so tongue tingling and came in two 4 quart containers. The sautéed pea leaves were bright green and delicious.  The Cumin Lamb is super spicy. We loved that the scallion pancakes were actually thicker than normal. They were chewy and delicious. Kids loved the General Tso's chicken. And the chicken fried rice was excellent. Highly recommend especially during these Covid times!
One of the better szechuan restaurants we have found here in Philly Chinatown. We got our usual fish fillet in hot chilly sauce and steamed pork belly. The portions were generous and the food was cooked to perfection. The fish was melt in your mouth soft. The spices made the fish mouth numbing and spicy without being overpowering. The pork belly was fatty and was bursting with umami. I also enjoyed that their menu had a section specifically for American Asian food so you know what to avoid if you want something authentic. Hopefully, if you come to a place like this you are not looking for chicken and broccoli though.
Some of the best Sichuan in the city. The caliber of preparation and attention to the value of chili peppers to really good cuisine sets a high standard. My new go-to.
If you haven't heard yet, this place has been renovated!
Don't worry though...the food is still great. 

My friends and I love visiting E Mei on cold fall or winter evenings (probably because of the complimentary tea they serve!) My go-to order  is the Ma Po tofu. It has super soft, melt-in-the-mouth tofu in a spicy pepper sauce. The quantity is massive; it usually lasts me AT LEAST two meals if I'm eating alone, and is more than enough to share! During my last visit, we also had Dan Dan noodles, which I didn't love.
The Sichuan cuisine restaurant is remolded. The style is more fashion than before, but the dishes are less.
I really enjoy every time I have eaten here. I have dined-in and gotten take out from E Mei. 
Dining in- the portions are huge. The ambiance is great with great service. I would recommend dining in if you have that choice, but food is the same quality and taste overall.
Delivery- The portions are big but not as much as Dining in. I liked how hot the food was when it was delivered.

I always get my food at "Spicy" because I just enjoy the experience better. If you are someone who cannot handle spicy food, get mild or the lowest setting. 

The food I have tried:

-Scallion Pancakes: 5/5, delicious and highly recommend! 
-DanDan Noodles: 4/5, they come without pork and the sauce is great. I recommend dipping the scallion pancakes in the dandan noodle sauce for a better experience!
-Lamb with cumin: 4/5, the taste is amazing and definitely get this dish if you come here. I just wish the meat pieces were bigger and the meat quantity was more. Otherwise, amazing.
-Chongqing Spicy Chicken: 5/5, this one is so spicy and so good. The chicken is perfectly crispy and hot. I would definitely get this again and probably every time I come here. 
-Beef Stew with bamboo shoot: 4/5, the beef was nice and soft and fatty the way it should be. But again, a little skimpy with the amount of beef compared to the size of the dish (I had this one when I dined-in).

Overall, great restaurant and would recommend to anyone wanting to have Sichuan food in Philly!
I have to give this place a 5-star rate: awesome food, great service with affordable price. 

We order the spicy beef and ox's tongue(fu qi fei pian) as appetizer. We all like that one a lot, the spicy is decent with peanut chops in it. They put some parsley to make it more favorable. 

We also order the fish fillet with sour vegetable soup and mapo tofu. The fish really rocks! It's not spicy. The fish is tender and the soup is rich!! Mapo tofu is above average.

We also order the rice dumpling with rice wine soup as dessert. They also put egg drop in it. Actually I like that one a lot, it's a unique dessert that you can't really try at other places.

It's definitely worth to have a try here!!! I can't forget this place since I had a bite 2 and half years ago and I came back cuz I finally had the chance to visit this city again.
I came to E Mai because I love what I know of Sichaun food.
We ordered the seafood soup, black mushrooms with bok choy, and the beef with long hot peppers.  Upon check in, we also utilized the offer to get a free order of dumplings in hot chili oil.
The seafood soup was good, a bit bland tho.  I used some of the hot oil from the dumplings and it made the soup close to perfect.  As far as seafood content, there was only bits of shrimp in there- so don't go in expecting a plentiful portion of seafood.
The dumplings were as to be expected.  They were big and filling-I only ended up eating one because I didn't want to fill up.
The black mushrooms and bok choy was good.  Served in a white sauce, there was little flavor involved other than that of the mushrooms and the bok choy.  Again, the chili oil came to the rescue.
The shredded beef with long hots was delicious.  The beef had a nice, smokey flavor, and the dish was cooked perfectly.
I'm looking forward to a return visit.
This place is legit.

First off, you get free wontons in hot oil for the table when you check in on yelp.

Second, if you're a non-Asian like me, you'll likely be the only English speaking and non-Asian table there which is exactly what I want when I'm in Chinatown. Talk about authentic.

Third, the waiters are friendly enough and speak English which can be a problem at many Chinatown restaurants.

Fourth, the food is amazing. I normally order the shredded pork with garlic sauce since that's what was recommended the first time I walked in and it was fantastic. Jumbo shrimp with broccoli was great too. Shrimp was so fresh. Oh and the egg roll is cooked to perfection, best I've ever had. 

Fifth, value. My buddy and I came in here for lunch. Meal with rice, egg roll and free dumplings in hot oil for 16 bucks tip and tax included.

bravo! I just wish I knew how to pronounce the name lol
Okay, I'm not really contributing much to the rating because E Mei is a solid four stars right now. But I will just state my experiences, yup.

I've been to about maybe 5-6 different Chinese restaurants in Chinatown (let's say I'm not too experimental with my Chinese food) and E Mei is clearly the best. And maybe it's because I have a thing for food that has very strong taste. Szechuan, with its infamously spicy food, no doubt has very strong dishes. 

I've been here twice - the service is decent, nothing to write home about. But you should know what you want to order before you get there (authentic Szechuan dishes, the other reviewers covered this already), and skip the Americanized stuff on their lunch special that you can get cheaper pretty much anywhere else. 

Oh, the decor is alright, as people have mentioned, but the seats are kind of weird. My friends and I got a booth last time, and for some reason my seat had a hole in it. Not really a hole, but it wasn't connected to the wall and I had to put my bag on the floor. Not a big complaint, but kind of weird interior design since they've had the renovation. 

So the decor and the service is what takes it down to a four star for me. But overall, the food is very delicious and I would recommend the Shredded Beef with Long Pepper (I think that's what it's called). It's pretty spicy.
Last week, I went to E Mei Mountain with my friend Vivien and Sharon in Chinatown. This is the most authentic Chinese food restaurant compare with other restaurants that I know from my friends. It is a braw restaurant, I have already came here for several times and I have been addicted to this restaurant when I first time came here. The food here is hot and I enjoyed it; however, it is not super hot, but it is much hotter than other restaurants. We ordered five dishes: the Boiled Wonton with Hot oil, the Fish Fillet in Hot & Pique, the Toothpick Beef, the Vermicelli w, and the Rice Ball in Sweet soup. And the food comes out quickly.
The best one among them is the Fish Fillet in Hot & Pique; it is delicacy. I ordered it every time when I came here. This dish is hot, the fish is tender and it has many vegetables as well, it was melting in the mouth. The quantity of this dish was large; we didn't finish it. One thing I didn't like is the oil in the fish because it makes it looks like oily.
Toothpick Beef is also palatable. It was forsooth delicate. I think this dish may spend a plenty of time to cook because every beef stick sticked with a toothpick. It is a little complex, but it was toothsome. It made me feel like in China, because I always eat this dish in China and it has the same tastes like China.
Another dish I love is Vermicelli w. I ordered this dish by mistake. I thought it is a pique and hot dish like fish and it may have plenty vegetables and it taste cool. However, it is like soup and it just had salt, and it doesn't hot at all. But it was ambrosial. It made me feel warm to eat it; it has tofu and some silk noodles, the flavor is fantastic, which also helped me to wiped oil cause I ate some oily fish and beef. It was fantastic to eat it during a cold day.
I appreciated the service they had; the waiter and waitress were polite and helpful. They introduced some characteristic dishes to us and they were patient. We had four people and all of us have different require for the drinks; one is a cup of ice, one is a cup of Sprite, one is a cup of hot water and one is a cup of iced water. The
waitress was patient and remembered them carefully and they did everything like refilling the water without we asked for. They asked for advice after we eating. Therefore, the serve was fine.
The outside environment here is a kind of disordered: the door looks old and messy. The inside is much better and every table has tablecloth, they clean it everyday. The price is reasonable because it is not expensive.
I saw some reviews on yelp about this restaurant, most of them are some positive reviews, and I agree with them. One of a review said it is the Authentic Szechuan cuisine, and I strongly agree with him. But one thing I want to say is you should try to eat some other food, don't only eat ma po tofu every time. You should try more dishes and you will find more surprise.
Nice schizuan style food! Ordered takeout since they were closed due to COVID. Tried their long hot peppers with beef, snowpeas,  gridle cooked lamb and shredded pork with tofu. My favorites were the long hot peppers and lamb dish.  We ordered them spicy and their spicy is legit! Was very pleased. Overall great Chinese food, will definitely be coming back.
We have been regulars at E Mei for a number of years! Great food!

- Good for large groups (tables can sit 6-8)
- Good for people with babies/toddlers (they have high chairs and bring out paper and plastic utensils for our baby so that we can give her some rice)

Dishes to recommend:
- THE FISH DISH (we come on a monthly basis to have it; it's more of a soup but has fish and noodles; soft enough to feed our little one)
- Squash and tendon
Very good Szechuan food (i think best in Chinatown). Had three items: steamed pork dumplings, which were quite good. Dan Dan noodles, which were really good but pretty spicy and a bit on the small side (recommended as appetizer) and Chongqing chicken, which is flash fried, I think, and is quite good. Doesn't taste that spicy at first but gradually catches up with you. Extremely good, with a crunchy yet delicate texture at the same time.

Would definitely come back
I stopped in for lunch late February. I was accompanied by a friend who is fluent In Chinese, he dealt with 98% of the interaction with the waiter, from what I could tell the waiter was friendly helpful. I wanted duck and my friend recomended tea smoke duck. It was my first experience with smoked duck and the first time I have heard of something being smoked with tea. I was intrigued. The dish came out so pink and tasted quiet yummy. I loved it. Usually duck I try is brown. The smoking process gave the duck a wonderful flavor reminiscent of ham. Additionally, we had a side of green beans and a fish dish. Everything we ate was excellent. I thouroughly enjoyed my leftovers at work later and will recommend smoked duck to people in the future.
If you're craving the spiciest Szechuan food, this is the place to go. The chongqing spicy chicken was one of the spiciest dishes I've ever tried and was so addicting even though there was that classic tingling sensation from the spice. The mapo tofu was a great spicy choice as well and was extremely flavorful from the meat and green onion. It also had some chives in it which was a perfect addition. My favorite order was the appetizer - sliced beef and tripe in chili sauce. A common Szechuan appetizer but this was my favorite dish because of the tenderness and spice level! Everything is mouthwatering and the spice level is great for those who want a real challenge. A great traditional place for large parties to share for family style. The prices are not bad at all; Note an extra bowl of rice is a dollar. The waitresses were also very kind and the food came out SO fast. Bravo!
E Mei is where you want your authentic Szechuan food, if you know what to order. Not like Han Dynasty where most dishes are worth trying (and most of them tasted above-par), E Mei have some "must order dishes" and some dishes to avoid.

Personally, I have been to this restaurant since its recent renovation on a monthly basis, the food quality has been consistant up until last weekend. Price has always been reasonable and their service was also good comparing to other Chinese restaurants. 

Recommendations:
1. Chongqing Spicy Chicken (Fried popcorn chicken with LOADS of chili peppers)
2. Griddle Cooked Intestine with Pepper (Fried pig intestine griddle cooked with potato and Chinese pepper)
3. Fish Fillet in Hot and Spicy Sauce (Very spicy dish)

Above-Pars:
1. Wonton with Hot Oil (A traditional one, not fancy but good)
2. Sliced Chicken in Hot Sauce
3. Sliced Pork with Garlic Soy Sauce (Cooked pork belly dipped in garlic soy sauce)
4. Dry Sauteed String Beans 
5. Sliced Beef and Tripe with Chili Sauce (Cold appetizer)
6. Black Mushroom with Bok Choy

Sub-Pars:
1. Fried Pork with Sweet & Sour Sauce (I ordered the "Fried Pork with Sweet & Sour Sauce" because my Szechuan grandpa used to make this delicious dish, but E Mei disappointed me with their performance)

In conclusion, it is very clear that you shouldn't order something you'd see in an ordinary Chinese restaurant menu when you go to E Mei. Try something other than "Broccoli Chicken", "Sweat and Sour Pork", and "Chicken and Cashew Nuts". You'll be amazed by what E Mei has to offer.
this is my current fave chinese restaurant in chinatown.  everything is always tasty and service is usually good.  

love the kung pao chicken, fish filet in spicy sauce, squash, cold chicken appetizer, beef and tripe.
This is where I had dinner on December 25th, 2014.

All Chinatown was abustle. Showed up at 6:30 and had a surprisingly long wait - more than 30 minutes. Was entertained for exactly 24 seconds by a dancing plastic 'I am Groot' toy in the waiting area. 

The owner - a kind and gracious host.

The food is good and authentic. I'll be back for the whole fish (prepared several different ways). Also, try this - shredded pork with pickle soup.
Maybe it's too rude to just rate one star.I feel so disappointed about this restaurant not only because the food tastes not authentic but the service was way toooooooooooooooooooooooo bad. 
It's no longer the old E MEI with good tastes. 
New decor is okay, but you can simply see it anywhere else.
Authentic Szechuan dishes in Chinatown! 

Ordered:
- the pork dumplings in hot oil (free if you checkin on yelp!)
-Griddle cooked Chicken hot dish (comes with white rice)
- Kung pao lunch special (comes with soup + white rice)

My friend and I love our spicy food and after reading the reviews we had to try it out! The griddle chicken by far was my favorite. so spicy and the pieces are the right size.  The dumplings rival Han Dynasty's for sure... not as tangy as Han's and the portions are so much bigger here!

You are served with water, and complementary tea. Service is 6 out of 10, but who cares! the food was bangin!
We have been coming here a lot ever since they opened. We always get the water boil fish, sour cabbage fish, dan dan noodles, spicy beef, and some vegs. 

We like to get two fish dishes because we love fish and usually our group consist of 3-5 people,  so one fish is never enough. 

the dan dan noodle is okay, our favorite is probably the spicy beef and the fish dishes. The fish is good, but the only complain we have is the "inconsistency". Sometimes the fishes taste great, but sometimes it only taste "okay", so I guess it really depends on the day. Sometimes, one fish dish taste great, and the other one is tasteless. So I'm not sure what's going on. 

The service is great, we'd highly recommend this place.
I really enjoyed the food here.  There's a ton of authentic choices that were prepared deliciously by the chefs.  Probably one of the few authentic restaurants that still delivers in terms of taste and good service.
Excellent food accompanied by weak service means an average rating with potential for much more...

I came here with a friend a bit late on week night.  The restaurant was nearly empty, with just one other table already enjoying their food.  However, over the course of the meal, it seems none of the three servers were interested in helping us.  We were greeted and provided hot tea, but had trouble getting their attention once we were ready to order.  We split the Dan Dan Noodle and Beef Tendon with Spinach.  Both were great - although the Dan Dan were not quite as nice as Han's.  Flagging a server down for water or refills was difficult and when we were ready for the check it almost seemed like they were dodging eye contact.  Weird, but thankfully not enough to ruin our meal.  Given the number of places I have yet to try in Chinatown, I don't see prioritizing a return trip but may be back.
Brought a non-chinese friend to lunch here, and ordered stuff from their dinner menu, because I was interested to see whether these guys were really legit when it comes to Sichuan type cuisine.  

Twice cooked pork- Flavor was on, the meat was thinly sliced (basically pork belly sliced relatively thin)- heavy on the grease, heavy on flavor.  Solid, not astounding. 

Chongqing Spicy Chicken- This was like chicken on crispy CRACK.  Good stuff.  Really good stuff. Definitely on the greasier side, so buyer beware.  It's worth getting though.  

Literally translated "Empty Heart Vegetable"- They had this vegetable, and cooked it lightly just with some garlic.  Perfect complement to the spicier heavier flavors of the other two.  

Service was slow at times, but we weren't in a rush.  Looking forward to bringing the wifey here.
E Mei serves up delicious Sichuan cuisine perfect for medium-to-large groups. We ordered family-style and had an amazing Sichuan feast. You're best off if you can bring a Chinese friend to order (or if you're Chinese yourself). In fact, some of the dishes we tried weren't even on the menu, since the staff was worried that white people wouldn't enjoy them. But we loved it all! If you have a group of 5-15 Chinese-food lovers, visit E Mei for a meal you're sure to remember!
Solid place I would love to come again if i'm ever near philly

Fu qi fei pian - decent, I've had better though. Wouldn't get again

Ginger duck slice - not bad

forgot the rest but it was a lot of solid and authentic chinese food
I really like this place. The food is saucy with the numbing kind of spiciness. However, the numbing isn't overpowering and goes really well with the dishes. I'm really particular about how spicy dishes are and this place does it well. It's spicy, but not too spicy you can't enjoy your food.

Food comes out fast and service is good. Definitley come in a group and do family style as you'll be able to try a whole variety of food.

Added benefit is they're never too crazy busy and have plenty of seating to fit larger groups. 

Tip: Don't drink water right away after eating the dumbing spice ;)
YES, E MEI. Went back for the third annual Christmas meal there today and everything sent us into a swoon of deliciousness. Cold vegetable salad, dumplings in chili oil, mapo tofu, string beans, chicken something... E Mei is really good Sichuan food. Good place to take kids too.
Ok... so it's 9pm, it's quiet and no one is paying attention to us. They watch us walk in and then looks away. Whatever ... I'm hungry, I just want to be fed AND it's dead quiet inside.

We finally get our booth and then we FINALLY order. I'm a little aggravated now. We ordered the saliva chicken (literally translated from the chinese), mo po tofu, beef tendons, some vegetables, and beef brisket. I actually liked the beef tendons, they were thinly sliced and not very chewy. The mo po tofu tasted a bit bitter. I suspect it's the spice, sometimes it can taste bitter especially after you've eaten other spicy food. The saliva chicken was a different spice, which was a good spice... aromatic and tasty, but the chicken was like frozen.

The two waiters were too busy chatting with each other and didn't refill our water or tea until we flagged them down. I don't think I would want to go back.
Never again.  The restroom is filthy and has wires hanging for a space heater.  The sink is ready to fall apart.
I wondered at the beginning about why it was so dead there and only two tables with all of the decent yelp reviews.  I got the answer to my questions within 5 minutes of entering the restaurant doors.

The food was bland and swimming in oil.  To top it off, there was a roach crawling on the both where we were seated.  Yuck! Never again.

I only gave it the one star because I had to.  -_-
My friend brought me here yesterday because she heard really good things about it from her fellow international Chinese friends. 

We ordered the house spicy grilled fish. It comes out in a huge tray. I think the dish was around $24 and I thought it was pretty expensive, but when it came out I understood why. The dish can feed 3-4 people. We also tried this cold mun bean appetizer--it tasted like cold noodles. Most of the specialties are spicy given that it's szechuan food!! I really enjoyed my meal and my friend who has experience with Szechuan dishes enjoyed her meal as well. The "spicy" dishes weren't that spicy. I have moderate tolerance to spicy food and I was able to enjoy my dinner without having to gulp down a glass of water.

This place is LEGIT! Check it out!
I came here for Christmas dinner with friends to recreate the annual Chinatown Christmas dinner I always had with my parents growing up. We had a party of 10 and were seated in the back room. The party consisted of a mix of Chinese and non-Chinese friends. The waiter we had was not attentive to our needs for water or tea. He took forever to take our order. When we did try to order, he would shoot down dishes we wanted to order, saying our "American" friends wouldn't like them. This was wrong on so many levels. After serving the food, he forgot about us for a full hour.

The good side was the food he did let us order was fairly delicious, and the dinner ended up being cheap (20 bucks per person with tip and beer included). Based on the other reviews, perhaps service here can be hit or miss. Let's be honest; no one really goes to Chinatown for awesome service or friendly waitstaff, but our Christmas experience here was a little ridiculous, hence 2 stars deducted.

I'll just stick to delivery from other Chinatown restaurants via diningin.com.
I was here a few years ago and was disappointed with the not so good food.   I have to say that this restaurant has completely turned around.  The food is authentic and amazing.  This food in my opinion is even better than Queens. Of course, you have to be able to eat spicy food and like the Sichuan flavor.
I am presently surprised by the szechuan dishes here. As one of the previous review pointed out, the menu is not exclusively szechuan but a collection of southern chinese cooking. Szechuan being one of the southern provience, I guess it fits in sort of. 

Sat down and they brought pickle vegie (pow chai) and fried peanuts (with skins) rightaway. 

Since we are there for szechuan food, we went through the menu and picked some very traditional szechuan dishes

MarPo tofu, very good. Lot's of hot chili oil but not enough szechuan pepper corn. I think they used furmented bean paste which added a different favor to the dish than other places. 
Cumin Lamb, excellent. Sliced lamb cooked with leek and bell pepper. Ha, some of the pepper are not bell pepper. They were so hot, I have to spit it out as soon as I chewed on it. Again can use more szechuan pepper corn in the dish. 
Shredded potatoes and green pepper, very good. Plain ingredients but well prepared. The pepper has a touch of heat that added favor to the otherwise sweetness of the potatoes. 

All the dishes are good portioned and we took home half of everything.
LOVE THIS PLACE.  You know it's a good sign when you walk into a Chinese restaurant and the only people eating there are also Asian.  I found E Mei on Yelp after coming out of the Car Show starving.  We made the short walk over and got down to business.

All 3 of us tried the Hot and Sour Soup and checked in on Yelp for FREE Dumplings in Hot Chili Oil.  The soup was really good... piping hot, large serving, the perfect combo of hot/sour, and my favorite part- it wasn't too "gloopy" which is how I often describe Chinese takeout soups.  I'm a fan.

We shared the Garlic Eggplant, the Chongquing Spicy Chicken, and the Kung Pow Chicken.  All three dishes were fantastic.  Like... we had tons of food and hardly any leftovers.  The Chongquing Chicken was lightly breaded (not like Sesame Chicken at ALL) and chock full of hot peppers and dry, no sauce.  The Kung Pow sauce and the Garlic Sauce which came with the Eggplant were both delicious.  

The food was AMAZING and the service was good- they were very ontop of their water pitcher game which is HUGE when eating Chinese, especially when it's spicy.  I think the food was a little on the expensive side.  

After my boyfriend and I fought over the little tiny container of leftovers we had the next day... I realized I'll probably be coming back real soon.
Came here over the weekend, cause I craved some Szechuan food. I heard the buzz, there's a new Szechuan restaurant in Chinatown. Well not really new new per se, E Mei Szechuan restaurant replaced another Szechuan restaurant that was there already.  

I usually use "Water Boiled Fish" as the caliber/measurement of a good Szechuan restaurant. I have to say their's...It was realllllllyyyyy good. Although not as spicy as I liked, my partner really liked it and she's not a huge fan of Szechuan food. 

They called the dish "Fresh Tilapia Chong Ching Style". It's served in this metal bowl, with a little flame on the bottom to keep the dish warm throughout your meal. The fish was so soft and delicate that it melts in your mouth!  It's different, than the usual "Water Boiled Fish" I had. This fish has the balance and the umami that leaves you craving for more. 

The service is attentive, better than the other Chinese Restaurant. Maybe cause it's Americanized. I'm also glad to see that they redecorated cause the previous owner had really tacky taste. 

We also had the Garlic Seaweed as the appetizer, the chef went a little heavy handed on the Garlic but overall it was still good.
Hot sour mung bean noodle was great
Ma Po tofu was great
Dumplings were average
Generals Tsos wasn't very good. Idk why I can't find great general tsos anywere in Chinatown 
The hot and sour soup had good flavor but only a tiny bit of meant and one little piece of tofu
The waiters were very attentive. I never had to wait long for my water to get refilled (which with the spicy food, it's a big deal!). 

I ate their "house special" chow fun and their Chong Qing spicy chicken. The chow fun was really bad. 1/5. The chow fun pieces were hard. And it was greasy.

But the spicy chicken was nice and crispy. A little on the oily side but overall, very good and hot.

I got a bowl of "boiled dumplings with hot oil" for free from checking in on the yelp app. I expected one or two dumplings but it was a full serving of 6-7 pieces.

If I go back, I'll definitely be sticking to the spicy foods that they're known for.
Why I came here:
I was in the area and I used my Yelp app to find a highly rated restaurant in close proximity to my location

The Food - 5

What we ordered:
Sliced Beef and Tripe with Chili Sauce
General Tso' Chicken
Chongqing Spicy Chicken

Taste
The food was absolutely delicious and exceeded expectations. Everything had a lot of flavor. The sliced beef and tripe and chongqing spicy chicken had bold, spicy flavors while the General Tso's was sweet and tender. The sauce in the sliced beef was awesome and very unique.

Portion Size
Portion sizes were very large. We were very hungry and are quite large eaters and ended up taking a lot home with us. All of our entrees were loaded with meat and it was a really good value.

Temperature
The food was cooked perfectly. Everything came to our table piping hot.
Quality of Ingredients & Freshness
One thing that really stood out was the high quality of ingredients. Everything tasted very fresh and even common dishes like the General Tsos had an abnormally thick and delicious sauce you won't find at most other places.

The Service - 4

The service was great. All of the items we ordered were our waiter's recommendation and we were very happy with his choices. There was a slight language barrier and our waiter was not very personable, however, his recommendations were awesome and he was very attentive - not much to complain about.

The Atmosphere - 3

The exterior of the restaurant kind of looks like every other restaurant in and around Chinatown. Likewise, the interior is also pretty standard and cliche (red walls, koi tank etc.) for chinese restaurants. The clothe linens and tablecloths were a nice touch. Everything seemed clean and organized. It was busy when we went but certainly not crowded.  Again there was nothing wrong with the atmosphere, it just was nothing special and/or memorable.

Price & Value - 5

I found this place to be a great value. As I mentioned you get large portions of great tasting food for prices that are comparable to, if not a little higher than, your average chinese fare. 

Final Opinion - 4.25

This was a great experience, the food tastes great, the ingredients are fresh, the portions are large, the service is good and the atmosphere is acceptable. I would recommend this to a friend and will definitely be back.
