Simply known with the name "Earth", Earth Bread & Brewery is centrally located on the historic Mt. Airy of northwest Philly, where they are known for a wide array of beer selections whether it be house brewed beers, brewed onsite or others from their favorite breweries. This is a local pub that supports local agriculture, local breweries and small worldwide producers. Upon entering from Germantown Ave, I was taken aback at how dismal the light was from the outside to the inside of the building. But this gave the pub a very snug feel. The people and the vicinity in itself are quite exuberant. City dwellers and out of towners congregate to this pub after a hard day's work or to simply chat with friends over intoxicating drinks and fun eateries.

This is a dynamic bar and fills fairly quickly. After signing our lives with our name to the host, my friends, family and I relished on some drinks in hand and waited for our table for 5 at a nicely laid out bar that seats 10. The bartenders are very attentive and will not leave you on empty. I've had my helpings of two virgin orange daiquiris which were divine and quenched my thirst after a nice walk and drive around Philly. The hosts will check on everyone on the floor to make sure your names are on the list for a table. Not a space on this vicinity is left unused. Large unframed maps lined the top of the bar and memorabilia's filled spaces tastefully cultured. While guests muster at the bar, guests also comfortably dined on the first level of the restaurant where flatbreads of all sorts are made fresh according to the time they are ordered. In other words? This is where the magic is made. The dough is hand stretched and baked to order in their hand-built wood-fired oven. The aroma is mesmerizing and my stomach is snarling. In my personal preference, I enjoy flatbreads much better than pizza. 

After a well worth of a wait, our tables are finally ready for us. We were seated on the second floor where the rest of the guests dined with a substantial amount of space for larger parties. Since our group is all about sharing, we decided on three flatbreads. A couple of family members decided on Earth. Earth consists of their house made tomato sauce, roasted onion, fresh mozzarella  garlic olive oil and basil topped with fresh greens, dressed with tomato vinaigrette. Earth is definitely my favorite. I decided on the Curry Pesto. This flatbread is prepared with curry kale pesto, sweet potatoes, raisins, roasted onion, fresh mozzarella, bell peppers, topped with tamarind sauce and cilantro. Lastly, Caveman. For the meat lovers, this one is for you. Caveman is wonderfully fired with tomato sauce, spicy turkey sausage, blackened chicken, pepperoni, bacon, asiago and mozzarella. I love the balance between Earth and Caveman due to the fresh crunchy vegetables and still feeding the carnivore in me.  Flatbreads comes in two sizes. A large feeds two and a small size is perfect for one. I've decided to also try their lobster bisque and it was okay. I expected at least some pieces of lobster in them besides just a liquid of soup. While the menu is mainly flatbreads, there are options for salads, edamame, house made quiche etc. Don't be a fool like me and make room for their assorted desserts. If you decide to visit on a weekend, take a gander at their brunch menu. Brunch is served at noon until 4pm on Saturdays and Sundays.Our server was kind and stayed on top of everything we needed. Our dining experience was very pleasant during the entire duration of our dining experience. 

Parking is street and meter. Meters need to be fed until 6pm and Sundays are free. I am looking forward to coming back here to experience more of the pub and to feel the hussle and bussle of this small town.
The menus are located inside old children's and Nat Geo books, and the flavor combinations offered on Earth (Bread + Brewery)'s flatbreads are similarly unexpected. 

Earth has a constantly rotating beer list and specializes in flatbreads that are much more hefty than a normal flatbread. I recently had the Wild About Mushroom and despite my worries that it would be too mushroom-y (7 types [and two types of truffle!] make up the mix), I thought it was a nicely balanced pizza... er, flatbread. 

My favorite part of the menu is the ever-changing list of soups, cheeses, and apps that makes up the rest of the menu. I once had a fall carrot curry soup that blew my mind, and the cheese plates are surprisingly generous for $12 (although it's better to bring more than four slices of baguette with this size of a cheese plate, please and thank you). Our server was very nice about having more bread brought to the table--but I'm sure he's asked for more bread every time a customer orders a cheese plate.

Earth's flatbreads, hearty apps and sides, and house-/local-brewed beer are a staple in Mount Airy and it is the first place I tell people to go when in the neighborhood.
"That which we call a rose, by another name would smell as sweet".  That which we call Pizza, by the name of Flatbread would taste just delicious.  

Seriously, the food was awesome. We got the Caveman, which is loaded with different meats and cheese - spicy turkey sausage, blackened chicken, pepperoni, bacon, asiago, mozzarella, which was amazing. The sauce was fresh and delicious.  They come with small or large. Very decent size for both.  I wish I was hungrier because the pizzas (or flatbread) looked so different that I would really want to try another one.  

The brews did not disappoint either.  4 home brews and 13 guest brews (mostly local breweries) on tab.  Since they constantly come up with new brews, I can only say at the time my favorite was Shiny Object. It was a Belgian style Amber, which was not my top or first choice when I try out a new brewery. But dry hops made it extremely interesting, complex and tasty. I do wish they had an IPA or another hoppy beer.

I've only been to the downstairs bar area, which is quieter than upstairs.  The ambiance is of course earthy, with maps and globes at every corner.  The view to the pizza oven from the bar is makes the place feel cozy.  

The bartender was very friendly and was willing to answer any questions from what's in the brew to the menus to the crazy weather we have right now.  I will definitely return for new brews and pizza.
Changing my 3 stars to 2 stars on account of the jerky owner lady. Pizza is good, beer is good, owner is one of the most unfriendly people ever. We went with a group of friends for a birthday lunch. A group of about 12 people. We all had lunch entrees, appetizers and drinks. Our guest of honor opened a few gifts. We were not loud, we were not drunk we were polite , spending $ and having a good time. Until the owner decided that she was sick of us ( I don't know why?) and told us that we were " taking up space, and to wrap it up". How effing RUDE? 

I like the place and the food, but will never recommend this place to any of my friends, family or associates ever again. Out of principle. To the owner: if you do not like your customers, then I suggest you get out of the service industry. With a poor attitude like that, your business is going to fail.
Let me preface this by saying that i live in one of the neighborhoods nearby, so I consider this to be a local spot. I've been here a few times. I wish I could say it was worthy of being a more regular visit for me, but it is not. I'd like to be a bigger fan of Earth, but I have to honestly say that, while they do several things very right, they consistently do a couple things very wrong. 

The food and beer are excellent. The flat breads are creative and generally well executed. Likewise the beers. Both the "Guest" beers and the in-house brews are sure to raise an eyebrow and satisfy both the pedestrian and more adventurous drinker. These are the very right things and make a visit worthwhile. Salads and appetizers are good, too. 

What's wrong then? As others have noted (and I'm relieved to see others share my perceptions on these so I now know it's not personal) the service is frequently lacking and there is a palpable attitude from the service staff and the owners, who are frequently on-site. I have had to wait extended periods of time for attention from a server on several occasions. I have had to bring this to the attention of the service staff on more than one occasion. I cannot recall an apology resulting from having to do so on my last visit - just excuses. If the owners know you - expect fawning attention. If they do not - don't waste your time in an any attempt to engage them. 

Also, as others have noted, this place caters to families. Regrettably, too many families in this area have adopted a "progressive" approach of laissez-faire child rearing. YOU may love your kids and think all they do is natural and adorable, BUT I do not want to be subjected to their presence in any close encounter while I am out...unless, of course, you would like to pick up my check in consideration of my babysitting. Mind your children while out or get a pizza delivered. 

So Earth is worth a visit. If you're lucky, you may not experience the downside of the place. It isn't universal, as evidenced by the generally positive reviews here. But the questionable service, obvious Mt. Airy liberal hipper-than-you vibe and annoying "family atmosphere" are a detraction for more than just me. If you are sensitive to such things, you have been warned.
3.5 yelps. Roasted Brussels sprouts, thyme, pumpkin seeds with balsamic reduction flatbread was a delicious vegan option here for me! Hearty and flavorful. A tad limp though (probably because of all of the deliciousness!) 

Pomegranate lime sorbet for a tangy, sweet vegan dessert. 

Homemade brews for all. Lots to choose from! 

Chili sea salt edamame for the table. Love the addition of the chili. 

Wheat berry arugula salad and classic Caesar salads to start were decent. 

S'mores flatbread for their dessert which they said was amazing 

The guys had "The Cave Man" flatbreads. You can imagine what that was like. They liked them. 

Causal double date night was a success at Earth Bread & Brewery. Casual, laid back vibes with earthy decor heavy on the wood. 

Parking was easy right out front on a Saturday night. 

Negatives would be: Service was lacking but I have. A feeling he wasn't there too long after. He seemed uninterested. And we were seated by the door and freezing every time someone opened it. I believe they did have a curtain, it was just pinned back for some reason. Hmmmm  

We would give it another go when in the area, but I'm not sure we would head up from city just for it again.

Dined Feb 2015
Wow. This place is amazing. I came here with friends before a play at the Sedgwick Theater next door. It was almost as good as the show itself, no joke! I love how the menus are taped inside of children's books.

The beer on tap is really unique and delicious. I ordered Luther's Rose--in honor of Martin Luther himself--and it was divine! Only in Germantown, am I right?

We also sampled two of the flatbreads, which were both scrumptious. For the record, these are basically like pizza so don't be surprised by your order. Even the sauce was delicious; it must be homemade. The edamame was surprisingly good as well, for a restaurant that doesn't have the slightest affiliation to Japanese cuisine. To finish off, we scarfed down the (yummy) house bread pudding five minutes before the show and ran out the door!

I really must say, the service made the experience here. Several waiters stopped by our table, in addition to our original host. They were all friendly and very funny. I felt so at home here, and I can't wait to return!
A brewpub that refuses to do a sampler (tasting flight, etc)?

I understand if they don't do them late at night or when it gets busy but if I, the paying customer, want to try a sample size of each of your beers, and I am willing to pay a premium for it, why would you refuse? A bartender told me it is the policy of the owner. He offered me a sip of a couple of the beers, but said he could not let me try them all. What is the point of making all these great beers if you don't offer customers a way to easily try them all before buying a whole pint of one?

So if you are passing through the area, like I was, and want to stop by to try the beers, just keep on driving by.

After visiting a few hundred brewpubs over the years, this is one of only 3 that refuses to do a sampler. Lame!
I hate to give any Mt. Airy small business a bad review. But I ate here three times prior to reviewing, and I have to be honest. The first two times the food was great and the service was decent, but the last time was so terrible that it knocked this review down to two stars. 

I'll say it again to be fair: the beers are great, the beer selection is wonderful and changes often, and the flatbreads are really, really good. I've had some appetizers here like soup, salad, edamame, cheese, and olives and they've always been tasty. 

But this third time...first, I ordered an olive appetizer which was way different than it had been before. Before, it had been a small, tasty serving of various olives. This time, it was a large bowl of completely tasteless olives. I actually sent it back, and I have NEVER sent back a dish in any restaurant. The waiter seemed surprised and made me explain myself several times, which I didn't think was necessary. But whatever, I had a delicious flatbread coming.

Except that it never came. All of my dining companions received their food and were nearly finished by the time we even got an explanation. In fact, it seemed as if the waiter was avoiding us. Finally he came over and said that there was a "mix up" and the pizza would be out in mere minutes. Well, it wasn't mere minutes, but it finally came. I received an apology from two waitstaff about it, and the offer of a free dessert.

Well, okay. I can accept that. I ordered the banana chocolate chip bread pudding. And it took FOREVER to come out. It became comical. I assume they only had to heat it. It took so long that we were just amused at that point. And when it arrived, it was very, very burnt. I received a burnt end. 

I try not to hate on anything "free," but when your free comped dessert takes forever to arrive and is BURNT, what is one to do?

Two out of three weren't bad, but they weren't good either.
Earth Bread + Brewery simply is local pizza and beer.  The restaurant is located in Mt. Airy along a picturesque street; there is so much to see and do here. Parking is shared with the downtown area and can get busy.  The immediate thing that struck us was how busy and popular this place can be. Our wait was about an hour, but it truly flew by talking with family and friends.  

The ground floor has limited seating and the main bar. Restrooms at the rear.  To the right and inside the front large windows are the brick pizza ovens.  Behind the bar are the brew kettles.  Up stairs, at the same entrance, leads to the main dining room area. Tables and chairs as well as art and decor are eclectic.

They have many guest beers on tap, as well as brewing their own on site. On our visit I tried their Dr. Plato and Wanderlust, as well as two Victory selections.  The pizza is hearty and earthy. It's a great place to relax and eat on a cold winter night!
Earth Bread & Brewery is an awesome concept. I really like the beer program especially. The handful of beers on tap are always unique and you will never drink the same thing twice. That is, unless you go back while a particular keg is still available. EB&B does not repeat beers - ever. Every single recipe is different in some way. Really very cool when you think about it! 

I've had the flatbreads on two different occasions. I like the variety and creative toppings, especially on the seed pizza (pumpkin seeds are so underrated). But I'm not a huge fan of the flatbreads overall. However, I do like them much more the next day after heating them up in the toaster oven. Go figure. They also serve soup and a rotating hummus/dip appetizer. 

When in Mt. Airy, give this place a look. It's worth a stop.
Pluses-The beer was delish and hit the spot. And its a 5 minute walk from my house. 

Minuses-Waiting 45 mins for a small pizza when you are ordering from the bar and not the table. Super limited menu offerings. I think the dessert was a cookie. Most places at least offer the obligatory Fudge Sunday. An ridiculous amount of children ages 2 to 12. . This is a brewery???

The Seed Pizza is great as has been stated by several fellow Yelpers, its was offered as a sample.

But I chose to build my own and I am not sure why it was so complex for me to basically order a white pizza with cheese and roasted onion. 

After 45 mins that pizza should have been mouthwateringly delicious it was just okay.

I have no problem with a place having a family atmosphere. But a brewery?? Who brings their children to a brewery?? The bartender seemed offly harried and stand offish for the place to not be spectacularly busy. From what I could tell there was a bar upstairs as well.

There should be 2 boards with the beer listings and if they want to do it right they should take a page from Monk's book and have a mini beer reference for those of us who aren't completely familiar with the bottled beers behind the counter.  And Why does the Bar STOP so abruptly , it should wrap around. 

Atmosphere: The atmosphere was VERY waspy, chestnut hilly, which was surprising considering you go to any of the establishments on the same block and they are quite culturally and economically diverse. I am not a huge fan of places where the only brown or beige face you see is working in the kitchen or busing tables. I was the only non white patron for about 40 minutes.  There were some random hipsters that came in and they seemed out of their element as well. They sat beside me. LOL 

I had 2 beers and a pizza for 16 dollars which was not bad considering I can go to places and only get 2 beers and some fries for that much. 

If I need a beer and don't want to go to the bar half a block down the street. MAYBE I will go to Earth Bread Brewery. But it just gives me the feeling a place I might go to on a day when my mom came into town and we didn't want to drive to get a meal.
Earth used to be incredible.  I'm writing this review simply because I hope the management reads it and takes note. 

Get rid of your current chef.

When I first starting going to Earth two years ago, the menu was amazing and full of unique, but delicious, quality ingredients like banana pepper pesto.  And the flatbreads were indeed flatbreads.  But within a year, that chef left the restaurant, and took his recipes with him.  No more banana pepper pesto.

And ever since then, the flatbreads have consistently gone downhill, now resembling personal pan pizzas with a mishmash of ill-fitted ingredients.  They recently featured a mediterranean flatbread that had MONTEREY JACK CHEESE on top.  I'm starting to get the impression that there's an "aspiring chef" in the kitchen throwing these concoctions together.  But I'd rather not waste my money on these experiments in cuisine.

Bottom line: Earth is a GREAT restaurant with decent service and wonderful owners.  But until the flatbread quality improves to previous greatness, I will not be wasting 15 bucks on a "Tex Mex" flatbread covered in jalapenos and sour cream - yuck!
not a lot has changed for the better at earth bread + brewery.  and you know, i live damn far away.  i think this marks my last uphill mt airy-bound bike expedition to source an increasingly-disappointing seed pizza (flatbread). 

first of all, the hostess, servers and food runners are dumb as bricks and they couldn't care less.  the hostess looked at me like i had two heads when i asked her to not sit us next to the 10-top of screaming, climbing munchkins.  why is earth bread + BREWERY so packed full of unparented children?  (see my last review from 3 years ago.)  common sense 101 for the hostess: a couple on a date does NOT want to sit next to little johnny's 5th birthday party.  i shouldn't even have to state this.  you have two floors.  make use of them.  

our server struggled so hard to open our wine i wanted to reach over and do it for her.  instead she took it to the bartender to open.  she also had no clue about the menu - it was obvious she'd never tried any of it.  really?  so we TOTALLY struck out with the hummus trio.  it was overly cold (too refrigerated), had zero flavor and not enough bread.  we also struck out on the special pizza - something autumnal, with brussell sprouts and squash, i think.  not i'm not sure: it was blackened to a crisp.  i was busy talking to my date when they sat it down; didn't look at it right at first so i didn't notice the char until i smelled it.  the burning smell caused me to look at our food, and realize we were served a black saucer.  we wanted to sent it right back, but no server or runner would make eye contact.  eventually it went back, and out came the manager with: our pizza is supposed to have the char bubbles; perhaps next time you can ask them to not cook it for so long.  oh get off it.  i know what a pizza is supposed to look like.  this one was 100% charred, including the squash, a pretty difficult vegetable to burn.  i should have dared him to eat it.  its replacement still came out too dark, but by that point we'd established that flavor combination just didn't work for pizza anyway, and called it a bust.  next up came our seed pizza, which was also too dark.  and i LIKE well-done pizza!   

our wine and food were long gone, and we were waiting for our bill forever.  it took so long, i just handed over my credit card without looking at it, before our server could disappear for another eternity (at this point, a table of kids had been seated next to us; we just wanted outta there).  she proceeds to keep my credit card for 20 minutes as i'm getting increasingly cranky and annoyed.  finally the card comes back - and she's charged me for the next table's food, not ours.  but she's off again, and i can't get her attention.  i looked at the bill, decided it was certainly less than what we'd spent anyway, signed it and went to sit at the downstairs bar for another drink and to give them time to realize and correct their mistake.  they never did.  they just have their shit together that little.

i'm giving them a break with two stars because they have a good concept.  the beers are good, wines are reasonably priced and good, and the seed pizza is good (though decreasingly so).  this place needs to examine their kitchen staff and just totally fire the entire front of house, with the exception of the downstairs bartender (pete?).  he was cool.  knowledgeable, friendly, excited about beer.  

anyway, overall - so, so, SO disappointing, earth bread + brewery.  i know you were one of the first fancy-topping pizza houses in the city, but with places like zavino and stella and nomad arriving on the scene... you've been outdone.
We have been devotees of this restaurant since it opened.  However, over the years, we have found their beers disappointing (lots of hoppy beers and overall lack of varied taste selections) and the bottled beer is so esoteric that it is very hard to select a bottle since they are all from small breweries.  The wine is ridiculously overpriced.

The food continues to be good to excellent, but the overall experience is horrendous.  On weeknights and weekends, early diners especially get to "enjoy" the constant din of screaming children who are not controlled by their parents who seem oblivious to the fact that they are ruining the dining experience of others.  The servers and management do nothing to either separate parties with young children from the rest of their diners, and it suddenly feels like you're spending a ridiculous amount of money at Chuckie Cheese.  

This has been our experience every time we have visited in the last year - we are not going back.  It's a shame; we will miss the food.
I've been there four times now and this last time was for a friends birthday celebration.  I won't be going back to give them another try.  The pizzas are lackluster (although the flatbread is good) they do not season their food well.  The chef's special this past visit was a white, hawaiian pizza with ham, kalamata olives and pineapple.  The large was $22 and the pineapple was canned. Terrible.  

Every time I've been there, I've managed to get the same, deplorable waitress.  Her attitude is not one of service and she is inattentive.  I'm not sure how she manages to stay there. 

I could have spent the same amount of money at Dettera and had a truly enjoyable experience.  Do yourself a favor and don't go.
Great beer. Decent indoor ambience and great customer service.
Ack! I haven't reviewed Earth Bread yet?? I've lived in Mt Airy a year, and have been to Earth Bread enough times that I've lost count. Why, you ask? Because i like good food and beer..... and i also have two small kids. 

At Earth Bread, I can get a fantastic, creatively flavored pizza, some excellent beer, and no one bats an eye that my kids have knocked the water over, are spreading out their book and toys, and  are about to go hog on some edamame and apple slices with PB. 

They are happy, my wife and I are happy, everyone wins. (Hell, even my fairly picky parents are into Earth Bread!)

Go. It's delish!

(Yes high chairs. No TV.)
All things fermented! Beer! Bread! Cheese! Pizza! Cool old building. Fun place to eat and drink. Food and beer are both better then you would expect for the neighborhood, it's always busy. Parking can be difficult but at least it's free(street)Funky cool decor. Happy servers. I should go more often.
I've been coming to Earth so often over the years, it's about time I did a review. They have their fabulous, ever-changing house-made draft beers, so that alone is reason to visit and re-visit. (Happy hour, too!) Sit at the far end of the downstairs bar, and you can look across at their vats, with huge bags of hops parked in front. I confess that I don't know why they emphasize "flatbread" in referring to their pizza (it is not the very , but they do make it with a real exuberance. My Earth pizza the other night was great, although it was a little like a pizza with an arugula salad on top. And they cut the pizzas at an angle, so the slices are more rectangular than triangular. Delicious, no matter the shape. I've also enjoyed their salads on more than one occasion.

Check their "happenings" on their web site. They have the excellent group Cabriole regularly, and are perhaps the only restaurant that features a science presenter, TableTopScience. 

Note that they're not open for lunch during the week.
Have been to Earth a few times now, really enjoy the casual vibe here. Went last night with friends and was impressed, as usual. 
Ordered a cheese pizza and Cesar salad to share with my daughters. Others ordered the Vegan Thai pizza and another person with us ordered the mushroom pizza. Everything was good. 
They have their own list of pre made cocktails (I had a Cosmos; a vodka concoction, tasty!) wine and beer. 
The service was friendly and while a little slow, still very good. 
Love that they had a Science guy with a table to entertain the littles with us; gooey worm experiment and painting with shaving cream. Fun!
I'm leaving a second review imploring the managers to consider it, along with the others. Not once has anyone seemed like they had an iota of customer service there. I've called, I've been there a few times- never. And if any employees are reading this I'd like them to imagine me flipping them off as they practice their 'I don't care' face in the mirror. I don't say that often, but damn you people suck.
We finally got to try this place after hearing about it for a while.  I was nervous because of all of the lackluster reviews, but I love flatbread pizza so I wanted to give it a try.  Our group had a really good experience and I'm not really sure why people are so negative.

The food:  We ordered a house salad, edamame, a large traditional pizza, a small seed pizza and a small sausage pizza to share between 4 people.  We all thought everything was really good.  I was nervous about the seed pizza being too seedy from the description, but it was excellent.  The traditional pizza comes with greens on top that may seem strange, but if you don't eat them with the pizza you're missing out.  The salad had a good amount of goat cheese and dried cranberries and could have had a few more pecans, but overall it was really yummy.  

The beer:  I had the house Saison and tried the porter.  I'm not usually much of a beer drinker, but they were both really good.  I agree with other posters that more explanations of the house brewed beers would be nice, as well as menus or a second chalkboard at the far end of the bar. I was surprised when I asked for a description of a certain beer that I wasn't offered a sample before ordering - usually most places will do that.

The service: Here's where I deducted a star.  Note to people who work in the service industry -  if you don't like dealing with the public, don't be a bartender.  After a chilly initial reception at the bar, the rest of the staff was pleasant enough, but they could step it up a notch on the hospitality front.

Overall I was impressed and would definitely go back again.  I agree they could have more options on the menu, but I would be happy to eat the same meal I had a bunch more times.
A few weeks ago I went to Earth Bread + Brewery. I was so excited to finally have the chance to go. I think it is amazing that a larger place like this opened on Germantown. I have to tell you I was impress when I walked in. The place looks great - a good mix of Mt. Airy artsy and Center City class. That is where it ended. The menu is really lacking. Not too many choices my friends. I still was okay with all this and thought this would still be a great place to grab a beer and a snack on the weekend. But it was all down hill from here. 

We called two friends to tell them how great the place was and they decided to join us for a beer. The waitress was very accommodating, but the owner thought otherwise and told us that they could not sit at our table with us because there was not enough room (the place is huge and there was PLENTY of room). I could not understand why she was being do difficult. She was not rude, but she did lack in the customer service department. Anyway, we left all feeling like a great thing was ruined! I wanted to run home and immediately give it a bad review, but I didn't. Instead I called there two days later and asked to speak with the owner (I wanted to explain my disappointment). A guy got on the phone, listened to my whole story and then told me that he would discuss this with the owner since she was away. I was floored! I could not believe he never told me he was not the owner! 

Fast forward to this weekend. We thought we would give it another chance (not forgetting what happened last time). We went in and asked for a table for two. The owner was the one that greeted us....again, she was not rude, but she certainly was not friendly and inviting - isn't that the was these places should make you feel? She has such an Old City attitude! Like we need her and she does not need us. So we go up to the table, wait 10 minutes and finally the waitress comes over and asks if we are "ready to order", no apologies for taking 10 minutes when the dining room was only half full, nothing. 

Needless to say, we left and will not go back again! It is so disappointing that they cannot get it together. There is sooooo much potential. Let's hope Wine Thief will be better with their service!
All great. Inventive, delicious pizzas; friendly, fun, attentive service. I got a Vietnamese-inspired thing that was amazing. My wife got a mushroomy one. You know how so many places have dishes with "wild mushroom" in the name or description, but they just taste like mildly pleasing every day mushroom? This isn't that. Real, intense mushroom flavor. The only part of my meal that wasn't amazing was the beer - only very good.
I had a friend coming into town and wanted to take him to a place that had good food and was environmentally friendly. I was stumped. Not a whole lot of that in Glenside and the area.

My wife recommended Earth Bread and Brewery. What a great call! 

I took my friend there and we each had a beer while we waited for our table. I was disappointed there were no stouts available although that is understandable as the weather is still warm. Our beers were good and I especially appreciate that you can buy them in small quantities and that they list the alcohol percentages. 

My friend and I each enjoyed our salads. Mine was a spinach and quinoa special. It came with this raspberry vinaigrette that was out of this world. Between that and the awesome lemon vinaigrette at Anne's Kitchen Table, I swear I now live in the salad-dressing capitol of the world.

But the real winner came when my flatbread arrived. The "Joe" is as they say, just like a pizza. But here's the thing: its as good as Osteria and it costs about half what they charge. This thing was reminiscent of the pies that emerge from best coal ovens in New York City like at John's on Bleecker. I can't believe that there is a place this close to me that does pizza this well and I didn't even realize.

Bravo, Earth Bread + Brewery! You are my new go-to for bringing friends in from out of town and for pizza in the Philadelphia area!
This is definitely a neighborhood hangout. When we walked in last night, and were seated, I peered around at the happy diners to see if I recognized any faces. This is the kind of place where you just run into people.

My honey and I met up with two friends of ours who live just 10 minutes, via walking from here, in Mt. Airy. We've noticed that this place always is doing brisk business; I think it's just the right kind of place that Mt. Airy needed when it opened a couple years back (good beers on tap, relatively inexpensive menu).

I started with the Kombucha ginger tea although I think my waiter may have given me the homemade ginger ale by mistake. It didn't taste at all like tea, but it was ginger-y and delish. My husband ordered a beer on tap which he enjoyed but was kind of surprised at its temperature. Apparently, beer on tap should be served room temp; his was ice cold.

We decided to split the two specials: an avocado salad and the pulled pork flatbread. Notice to the owner, if you're reading this review, please add the avocado salad to your regular menu; it was divine. The salad was the perfect mix of savory (ripe avocado slices, roasted red peppers, cheese, fresh olive oil), bitter (arugula) and sweet (a very tasty sweet balsalmic topping). We inhaled it and I considered ordering a second one. Next, came out our pulled pork flatbread. It was covered in a very yummy cheese, some "jalepeno" slaw, bbq sauce, and a miniscule amount of pulled pork. I mean, maybe 2 ounces total. Pulled pork isn't the most expensive ingredient on the planet, so this was surprising. The taste was great, but the amount of meat is why I'm docking them a star. If you're going to call it a "pulled pork" flat bread, make sure that you have enough of your main ingredient to warrant that. And the jalepeno slaw wasn't my favorite - it could have packed a more spicy punch and it was a little on the raw side (I like a crispy slaw, but this could have been a little more pickled). After we each had a drink, and one salad and one flatbread between the two of us, we ended up dropping $33 total. I am definitely a fan of the prices!

I don't love the menu, overall, I find it to be lacking. I'd like some more interesting flatbreads (goat cheese and fig, maybe?) But the specials made up for what the menu was lacking. Will I be back? Hmm...
This restaurant opened very recently and is definitely still working out the kinks.  The concept is a brewery and brick oven pizza place with classy decor and an extensive, relatively inexpensive beer/wine list.

So as a concept it could be fantastic.  It was at least enough to make my boyfriend and I curious and stop by the night after we saw they were open.  However prices for the pizzas are a little high.  Plus they really need to think of some more creative/out there topping combos.  If they can work out something unexpected that would definitely draw more of a crowd.  As it is, the pizzas are tasty.  There are about 7 or 8 to choose from or you can put together your own.

The brewery part is interesting as well.  I wish our server had known a little bit more - but perhaps you would be more fortunate at the bar.  He was very nice and helpful in other respects.  There are four "house" beers  - the farmhouse ale was simple but drinkable. The Terra Fume was incredibly smokey and a little overwhelming.

At any rate, I wish them luck and we'll stop by again after they've had a few months to work things out.
i've heard such great things about this place, i made it the last place i visited before getting rid of my car.  ooooh i wasn't disappointed.  i sampled the terra fume and one other beer as well... started with a "b" ... and now i can't remember its name.  anyway, that's the beer i ordered and it was great and smooth and malty.  we knew before even seeing it we were going to love the seed pizza and my goodness.  we got a margarita as well but the seed was just perfect with the beers.  house salad was excellent as well.  while the dipping breads were awesome, the special pumpkin minestrone was bland, but that was the only sour note of the dinner.  we were stuffed - and our bill came to only $38.  well done. 

i will be back.  once i can figure out how to get there without a car from the other side o' town.
The food choices are a little limited. But the flatbread pizzas were pretty good and made decent companions to a few beers. They have a decent selection of beers on tap. And the inhouse brews were not bad.

This place is surprisingly large inside. The upstairs area could hold a few larger groups easily. The staff was friendly.

It's also a baby friendly place. We went for a week night dinner with our 10 month old son who tends to be a little antsy and had a fine time.
I'm allergic to wheat and can't eat any of their flatbreads, so take this review for what it's worth. That being said, if you're gluten-free, don't bother walking into this place. Their GF options consist of appetizers like edamame, a couple of salads and nonsense items like peanut butter with fruit or a vegetable. 
I was there with some friends who like to eat there, so I ordered a caesar salad. I posted a picture of it, because it seemed like it was meant as an insult. I'd consider it a "screw you" dish, as in - "here's all you're going to get if you won't order our flatbreads." It didn't even qualify as a caesar salad - just some lettuce with very little bland dressing, and a couple strands of grated cheese on it. Barebones to say the least.
I would have given this place another star for other factors, such as their bartenders, Tom's unconventional brewing, and the beautiful space that the restaurant occupies, but it seems as though if you can't eat their pizza, then they don't even want you there.
To start off, I would just like to agree with the other reviews I have seen on here deriding the absolutely ridiculous cheese plate. For $12, especially at a casual place like this, EB+B should be embarrassed to charge so much for a mere ounce of cheese that did not seem to be among the finest ever anyway. AVOID FOR SURE. It leaves QUITE a bad impression when you feel as if the restaurant is being shamelessly cheap.

In fact, any of the appetizers I have had here (including the hummus, other dips, and a beef and carrot soup that had no carrots in it) have been very mediocre, and this is why I have to give the place as a whole a mediocre review. Which is a shame, because I do actually like EB+B and am pleased to have a microbrewery right in the neighborhood. The beer and the flatbreads really are great, particularly the breakfast flatbread they serve at brunch which I fully intend to return for! Nice attractive growlers keep the beer fresh for a long time and are great if you need to bring some quality booze to a party. The house made kombucha is also quite good!

Bottom line: if you go, I suppose you should take some responsibility to order simply what the place specializes in (i.e. beer, flatbreads, and kombucha). That said, EB+B should also do itself a service and seriously revamp and improve its other food options. A gluten free flat bread would also be very good, as my wife's gluten allergy is a significant reason we don't go more often than we do, since the kombucha is the only decent "g-free" thing she can get. Service could also stand to be a bit friendlier/more polished.
I'm not a beer person. I love cider. Gimme something sweet with a little alcohol and I'm good. Prior to coming here, I was really excited to try the ginger cider that I read about on their website. As luck would have it, they were out so I ordered another cider that wasn't too bad (Commonwealth Traditional Dry). 

This place is actually pretty big, with two stories. It would be idea for a date night. It's got that kinda dark lighting with half dead flowers in little vases on wooden tables thing going on, which I like. Anyway, their menus are placed inside the inside covers of books and there's a bunch of really interesting art pieces all over the place. 

The flatbread pizza is delicious too. I ordered the bbq sauce one with chicken (small). Kinda pricey but it's so good. It had a nice crunch to it and it was so savory. 

I do wish the website would reflect the classy atmosphere of the place. Small gripe.
I come here all the time and absolutely love it.  Nestled in the heart of Mt. Airy on Germantown avenue, this brewpub consistently creates spectacular beer recipes and even guest taps of other interesting local-ish beer selections.  While I wish the menu was a bit more diverse, what it does offer always pleases my taste buds.  

Probably the house specialty is their flatbreads, and they look like pizza.  Small flatbreads are personal size, while the larger can serve two people (though I recommend two smalls to share so you get more variety).  On a recent visit we had the curry pesto flatbread, which was amazing.  Topped with the interesting combination of mozzarella, sweet potato, raisins, curry pesto, some other things I can't remember, and a tamarind sauce, which added a nice acidic kick to the otherwise sweet-ish dish, was the favorite of the four people at our table.  That said, on my many visits, I have yet to try a flatbread I do not like.   

Their homemade soups always bring the A-game as well--and the ingredients in them seem to be as fresh as those used in the rest of the dishes.  

The menu is constantly changing (for example, EB&B used to have a delicious duck pizza with cherry jam called the quacker--if you see it, get it, thank me later for the recommendation), but many dishes seem to stay for a while on the menu.  

My friends and I often go for brunch after a run on Forbidden Drive on the weekends.  Word to the wise--they do not open until noon so plan accordingly.
Stopped in here this afternoon after a very long morning of touring East Falls and Germantown. I'd vaguely heard about this place (probably from fellow Yelpers) and was excited to give it a try.

The downstairs was closed, and a sign pointed us up to the second floor.  I was a bit disappointed, because the big pizza oven is on the first floor, and its generally airy, with more natural light.  Not a big deal though, and we were seated right away. 

We each tried different house-made brews - I went with the saison and wasn't super impressed, but it wasn't bad. It was hard to choose a flatbread, because they all sounded pretty good, but I finally went with The Seed - white garlic sauce, topped with pumpkin and sesame seeds.  It was definitely unlike any pizza I've ever had - obviously had a very nutty flavor, which was complemented nicely by the garlic.  I found myself wishing there was some kind of veggie on there too (maybe even just spinach), so if I ever find myself back I'd probably pay the $2 to add it.
I have been to Earth Bread and Brewery three times now, and I really want to like this place, but there are a number of issues that keep me from giving this restaurant and brew pub a higher rating. The food is generally good, and their flatbread pizza is delicious. But the cost-to-quantity ratio is pretty high; if you go with a group, you can rack up a pretty staggering bill and leave feeling like you've barely gotten enough to eat. I consider their other items (salads, appetizers, soups) to be decent, but certainly not remarkable.

Unlike other reviewers (even the critical ones), I find the beer selection at Earth to be seriously lacking. There are at least a dozen... literally ONE DOZEN... places in Philadelphia with a better draft and bottle selection. That does not bode well for an establishment whose primary claim to fame is beer. I will not bore other yelpers with esoteric beer geek particulars, but let me just say that Victory, Sly Fox, and Philadelphia Brewing Co. are MEDIOCRE breweries, and to showcase this stuff like it's the second coming of Christ is embarrassing. Earth's own brews are decent, and their porter is actually good, but one good beer and four or five acceptable ones is hardly impressive, especially in a city where there are so many other places serving great beer. 

Upon first arriving at this place, I was taken with how cool the interior seemed. High ceilings, architectural salvage, and cool artwork. But it is very noisy, which makes it difficult to have a pleasant conversation and even harder to get your server's attention. The set up at Earth is very conducive to large groups, but the noise makes it difficult to enjoy each other's company.

If the primary selling points of Earth Bread and Brewery are flatbread pizza, which is tasty but expensive for what you get, and beer, which is in actuality pretty limited, then I can't in good conscience give this place a higher rating than two stars. I will likely return, however, as my friends seem to like this place. But the next time I go, I'll eat a sandwich beforehand, and make sure there's some good beer waiting for me when I get home.
This place is everything quintessential Mount Airy has to offer.  Homemade brews, amazing vegan and vegetarian options and a warm and comforting atmosphere that makes you just want to sit and stay a while.  The beers weren't standard which i loved and were definitely made to be enjoyed solo over a great conversation.  We then thoroughly enjoyed two pizzas fighting over who's choice was the 'clear' winner and ultimately i think that the jury is still out.  we'll have to come back for another round of tastings!
Earth Bread & Brewery serves great unique pizzas! They put so much creativity into each flat bread. We ordered a white flatbread with arugula, figs, and prosciutto. The flavors were a great mix of sweet & salty, freshness & fatty! The figs were the best part because they added unexpected sweetness with each bite. The dough was nice and chewy as well! This was one of the best pizzas I've tried in Philly!
I love the food!  
I love the house made sodas!!

I LOVE the decor and the menus inside old books!


Should be a 5/5 review right?

Wrong.  For some reason, I often feel judged inside Earth.  I have caught the owner (or is she just manager?) rolling her eyes in my direction and then generally being unpleasant and rude or condescending toward me.  I enjoy being a generous tipper, having worked multiple years in the service industry.  
I love the food there.  

If I didnt feel like I was getting the evil eye from some staff (not all!) for whatever reason, I would be in here more often.  In fact, I would probably eat dinner inside or get a flatbread pie for take-out once per week.  
As it is, I probably only dare order take-out once per month, and I haven't been upstairs to eat more than 2-3x per year since I moved to the neighborhood.

I want to love you Earth Bread + Brewery...but...
I've been eagerly awaiting this spot's opening since I first heard about it. Pizza (sorry, flatbread in Earth's parlance) from a wood-fired oven and on-site crafted beer? What could be better?

I went last night with my kids while the wife had a work engagement. I was a bit nervous, since I wasn't sure they'd have normal-enough pizza for the kids. But they gobbled up their plain pie ( "build-your-own" with nothing built on it), and they have juice and milk as beverage options, served in a lidded plastic cup, so they are definitely ready to serve this family-heavy neighborhood.

I had a Biere d'Earth, a medium-bodied, easy drinking ale with a nice malty finish. I've read elsewhere that the owner/brewmaster is not big on hoppy beers, but hop-lovers are accommodated with two IPAs from other local breweries on tap, as well as a stout, a white and some Belgian-styles. It's a well-put together tap list that complements the on-site options.

I had a pesto with roasted potato flatbread, which was tasty if uncomplicated. The crust is nice and chewy, and the toppings were fresh and flavorful.

The salads I saw go by look good - I look forward to returning to this great addition to our neighborhood!
With a name like Earth Bread + Brewery, survey says that you're going to have a good experience, and a good experience we had. Being a big fan of the two staples that make up my diet, pizza and beer, I found myself here one particular Sunday. I wasn't sure what to think at first, as we waited almost a solid 5 minutes for the hostess to come down from upstairs to seat us. At this point, I wasn't sure what would become of my service once I sat down, but my mind quickly did a 180 once we were warmly greeted, seated upstairs, and passed off to a kind server who ended up being great. 

Since we were here almost two months ago, I cannot recall what specific beers we ordered, but if I remember correctly they had 4-6 on tap, ranging from light to dark, which you could order in two different sizes. We ended up trying almost all of them and really enjoyed each and every one. I am a big fan of places that brew their own beer and Earth Bread easily falls right into that category + bonus points for tasty beer. 

As far as pizza goes, we ordered a small veggie (mushrooms, tomatoes, red onion, bell peppers, spinach, mozzarella, and basil pesto) and their special of the day (can't recall exactly what it was, but it did involve steak, which was reason enough for me to order it). Both pizzas were excellent, full of flavor, with a nice crispy crust. You can definitely tell that they use fresh dough and locally sourced ingredients. 

This also isn't a bad place for families and big groups to check out, as there is an upstairs and a downstairs. They also have fun events going on every night so be sure to check out their website. If you like pizza and beer and find yourself in Mt. Airy, then this place is definitely worth a visit.
Have to go along with the other's who mention the service staff and how utterly rude they can be. We live in one of the neighborhoods nearby, and were hoping that this would be one of our regular spots however, we are afraid it will not!  We made a trip this past week and sat down in one of the 2 bar tables in the window. The hostess that evening informed us that we would have to walk up to the bar and place our own order "no table service"?  This is a first as we always sit at one of these tables and have always had service.  We decided to sit at the bar and eat our dinner which was fine.  No sooner did we sit down at the bar, when a 3 top sat at the bar table we preferred.  We proceeded to watch the bartender come out from behind the bar and wait on them.  Hmmmm, guess the hostess did not feel that we warranted table service.  I wish we could  say that this will be one of our regular spots but until they step up their service and get rid of the attitude it will not.   This I blame on the owner!
i am happy to have this edition to Mt Airy...and sad it took me so long to review it...

I ventured there on a random tuesday night with my boyfriend...it was still pretty busy for a Tuesday, so I can only imagine what it is like on a weekend night.

Despite appearances, this place is actually big inside, so don't worry about a long wait....

We were seated upstairs.  Its super cute and dare I say Earthy inside.  I felt like everyone who was there spent their days working for an organic farm and then went out for a refreshing drink....you know, kinda hipster but sincere about it....

Earth Bread brews their own beer and while they have other microbrews on tap, I strongly suggest going with one of theirs.  I believe their beer menu changes often so all the more reason to keep going back.  Unfortunately I don't recall the quirky name of the beer I had but I remember it was a french farmhouse ale and it was soooo good.  It was the best part of the night.

Our waiter was awesome ....very friendly and very imformative.

I opted for a small garlic seed pizza and while it was good, I kinda felt like it was glorified bread sticks.

We also tried their special for the night, which was a honey mustard flatbread with chicken, and carmelized onions.  It was soo good and we had leftovers the next day.  It was kinda a surprise that it was $20 though.  I mean, it was good and all....but $20 for pizza er, I mean flat bread...well you understand.

I loved the beer so much that I am definitely going back...and flat bread is a good accompaniment...though be prepared to be full when you leave....
i went for dinner last week with a friend.  yes, the menu's small, but i personally think that's a good thing.  do what you're good at, and nothing else!  after this review i'm going to write a pretty foul one for honey's sit n' eat, a place that really needs to take a page from the small menu book.  small menu, high quality.  eb+b does this really well, i think.  pizza, beer and salad makes for one of the most satisfying meals around!  

the salad is WONDERFUL here.  i have seriously never had a better salad in the city.  and for $6, it's an awesome value.  it's pecans, goat cheese, cranberries and apples over some dark baby greens with a really, really excellent vinaigrette dressing.  it's rare i rave about a salad, but this one is particularly amazing.  
i had the seed pizza, which was not AS transcendent as last time, but they were also hella busy and grossly understaffed.  it was still damn good.  we still kept eating long after we were full.  seeds on pizza is a lovely thing, who knew.  and since it's a white pizza, the crust doesn't have a chance to get sogged down.  my friend's veggie pizza's crust did not fare the same.  the longer slices had a little bit of sog, which is a shame considering they seem to take a lot of pride in their crust, what with that fancy oven and all.  
i had two beers, both good.  one was called we heavy, yo - and true to its name, i was a little buzzed after two.  really good molasses-y flavor.  i also tried the santos l. halper (cute!  a pop culture reference i actually get!!) and it was less strong and honestly after that sweet strong beer, did not stand up.  

now for a few negatives: 
it's not the restaurant's fault, i realize, but the kid situation here is out of control, and patrons at least should know this going in!  i can't stand kids in a restaurant.  so i was a little less than thrilled when an 8-top (half kids) sat RIGHT next to us.  the only dislike greater than loud children, to me, are negligent parents.  it was seriously obnoxious.  had my pizza been any less tasty, i might have lobbed a slice their way.   
the restaurant was disgustingly understaffed and it showed.  the little staff that was present was obviously flustered and hadn't brought their a-game.  i left a nice tip, cause i really felt pity for the guy - the entire room was his alone, including 3 large parties.  it must have been horrendous.  but they should have reallocated some of the other staff, pulled the hostess like a losing hockey team pulls the goalie.  dessert came a good hour after we finished our meal, but it was without silverware!  that took another 10 minutes.  
and finally, the dessert was not good.  it was a bread pudding lacking flavor and good texture, and it was a bit overdone.  first time in my life i did not finish my bread pudding.  
all those complaints taken into account, i still give them 4 stars because the we heavy yo beer, house salad and seed pizza are JUST THAT GOOD.  and cheap.  next time i will sit at the (hopefully kidless) bar and order these three things and perhaps leave a 5 star review.
My sister is a hardcore fan of this place and has been begging to take me so this is where we ended up on Saturday. The place is very casual so don't expect anything fancy as far as decor goes but that's not what is important....

this is what is important: beer and pizza.

Their drink menu is extensive as they, not only brew their own beers, but also have beers from other breweries. They also have quite a few wines by the glass. Everything was CHEAP. There was not a single 20oz beer over $7 which was shocking. I also had a really delicious glass of California sparkling wine for $9/glass which is a far cry from the normal $12-15 I am used to paying.

Next, the food: everything was delicious. We tried their special jalapeno popper dip, their Bavarian pretzel and the breadsticks. Yes, this place is CARB central although they do offer salads... but who comes to a pizza place for a salad, let's be honest. For dinner, I ordered my sister's favorite, the "wild about mushroom" flatbread which was divine (can you say truffle oil?) I also tried my husband's "caveman' which was also delicious. We have recently been to Beddia (the most raved about pizza ever) and my husband and I both agreed we liked the flatbreads here more... they were not greasy at ALL, even the Caveman with all the meats, which was so refreshing. 

My one small gripe: service. Our server was very nice but generally, service was slow. It took over 5 minutes of us sitting at the table to be acknowledged and then another 5 minutes to actually get drinks on the table. This, of course, is not enough to deter me from good pizza and we will certainly be back!
I frequent this place when I'm in Philly, and it has really grown on me.

Whether I go alone, with my iPad and crossword in hand or with a group of co-workers, it's always been a good time. They have interesting beers and a decent selection of wines - all at a great price.

I've tried some of their pizza's and they're pretty good also.

It's kind of strange cause you see a mix of kiddies (toddlers) and families, couples on dates, older people hanging out hitting the alcohol hard... but it seems to make sense. They also have trivia on some nights of the week, which I have proudly failed at...

With a downstairs and upstairs seating area, it's not too crowded and quite comfortable to relax.

No wifi or tvs though.
I've been to Earth three or four times and recently 
had a lovely experience for my quaint bachelorette evening! The four of us each ordered a full salad and had two pizzas (the original and a white pie) for the table. All delicious and perfectly portioned! Service has always been above expectation. 

Bonus: Their beers are delicious!
I am a foodie....and this place was awesome!  What a neighborhood jem!
This was my first time in Mount Airy....and was pleasantly surprised!
I was with a group of 5 and we ordered:
1. Ceasar salad-ok
2. House salad-so good
3. Edamame-good
4. Artichoke dip-very good...should toast the bread
5. Large Pizza special-which was bourison cheese with squash-so so good
6. Large mexican-so good
7. Large traditional with added sausage-so good
8. small pesto with added chicken
9 many of the beer selections and spanish red wine!

Fantatic job...server Daniel was great!  We love this place...it will be added to the "regular" list of places to eat!  Thanks!
Earth is a neighborhood institution, and it deserves to be. The atmosphere is comfy-casual, the beers (both house brewed and guests) always delicious and well-priced, and the food consistently tasty. Weekly specials keep the menu interesting, even if you're a regular, and service is friendly and capable. Highlights include the seed flatbread, which is delightfully garlicky (try it with bacon!), and the Nashville Hot Chicken, which includes house-made pickles. (You can also order the pickle all by itself.) The bartenders are always genial while remaining professional, and mix a mean cocktail!

Their takeout menu options during the pandemic have been just as delicious as ever, and while we dearly miss hanging out there regularly, we're so grateful to be able to enjoy quality beers and flatbreads at home. When we're all on the other side of this, we look forward to more comedy nights, Quizzo, and Table Tennis Tuesdays accompanied by the best beer and flatbreads in the neighborhood. Lots of love, Earth Family!
Putting the menus inside hard covered books is absolutely creative and neat. I'm sure if I was here with kids I would love that even more. I mean, among other things, what a great way to encourage putting away electrons and creating an opportunity for quality family time. The brick over pizzas were delicious and so was the beer. Since I'm not fond of hoppinss, I tried the saison and loved every drop of it. It had plenty of flavor and richness while staying light and delicious.  As a last point, as someone who likes to make an effort to be green, I love that they give you a choice of boxes or foil for your left overs as a way of reducing their carbon footprint. Kudos for that!
One of the highlights of the small Mt. Airy strip. The waitstaff is amazing, the flatbread pizzas are excellent, and they always have great beer on tap. While they only offer 6 standard pizzas, I pretty much always get the Special of the Day - it's always different, and almost always great. I've had a great horseradish and flatiron steak pizza, a dandelion-base pesto pizza, and dozens of other unique combinations. The small pizza is a perfect amount for one person, and I've never seen one over $16, most are more $9-$11. 

They are great for themed beer weeks (all one brewery, sour beers, all local, etc) - I've had a couple good beers brewed there too, but generally don't think they stack up to the great stuff they have on tap. But, you've got to respect that, like the Special pizzas, they are continually experimenting with new brews, and I'm sure someday will come up with something really exceptional. Also, the sides are great - the Artichoke dip is wonderful, and the house goat cheese salad is quite nice.

The only real complaint I have is that every night the dinner slot is overwhelmed with screaming, running children whose half-drunk yuppie parents can't be bothered to control. I go a lot less than I would due to that, usually only coming in for late dinner or evening drinks.
I've been coming to Earth so often over the years, it's about time I did a review. They have their fabulous, ever-changing house-made draft beers, so that alone is reason to visit and re-visit. (Happy hour, too!) Sit at the far end of the downstairs bar, and you can look across at their vats, with huge bags of hops parked in front. 

I confess that I don't know why they emphasize "flatbread" in referring to their pizza (as in "flatbread pizza" - it is not the very flat, cracker like stuff you might find some places), made it with a real exuberance. My Earth pizza the other night was great, although it was a little like a pizza with an arugula salad on top. And they cut the pizzas at an angle, so the slices are more rectangular than triangular. Delicious, no matter the shape. I've also enjoyed their salads on more than one occasion. The Vietnam Veggie flatbread (vegan) might seem a little off-putting - but the concept is kind of a banh mi flavor, and I recommend it highly. Another repeatable item (that is, I order it over and over, it's very good) is the Wild About Mushrooms flatbread. 

Check their "happenings" on their web site. Note that they're not open for lunch during the week.
The first time we went to Earth Bread, we were so excited.  They had several great saisons, which was our beer style of the moment and we loved the atmosphere (old pull-down maps up on the walls, unique art, cool furniture).  Also the growlers are a really unique shape, so we were stoked about taking home one of those as well. 

While we've been consistently pleased with the service, the second and third times we returned over the course of a couple of months, we were less excited about the beers we tried.  They had both their own brews as well as other craft beers and we just haven't been as wowed with the follow-up selections.  Not to say that it's not a nice selection -- you could definitely have a few satisfying beers that you've never tried before -- but nothing so unique or rare that we were blown away.  We also ordered a flatbread the last time we were there and while the menu description sounded really good, it was just okay.

So, a three.  I definitely like this place and will go back, but there are a few little things that leave me less than blown away.  It's worth a try if you're in the area, but it's not a place to which you necessarily need to detour.
Rushed from downtown Philly with a bunch of friends on a Saturday for some dinner and artisan beer. Arrived just after 10PM and were quite disappointed to be told that 'we closed the kitchen early'. Well, when we checked the website, it said the kitchen is open until 10:30PM, with no mention that 'hours are subject to change'. Since we were very hungry, we decide to leave without having any beer.
This review is for the bar only.

RIP Inglesea!  Every time I come back east, Mt Airy is more and more boho.  I'm not complaining because when I come back east I don't have a car, so any place in walking distance is A-OK by me.  But -- still quite a shocker to walk into the former Underage Express and find a very, well, Chestnut Hill type of establishment.  But microbrews!  

Actually, their homemade brew is pretty average -- the ESB has the most to offer at this point -- but they have other favorites on draft and there's nothing wrong with that (even if McMenamin's has them beat on that front too).  Added bonus:  since this place is new, all kinds of folks are hanging out there, so cancel that 'just for fun' speed dating night and bring your friends here instead.
I've been to Earth dozens of times, I've seen it through multiple menu changes, and multiple wait staff changes. The food is always good, and the beer is always good. It was disappointing when they took away the 'build your own flatbread' option, and I don't really understand why they did that. I went there two years in a row for my birthday dinner with my family. So yeah, I like going to this place.

The problem is, and this is where they lose stars, I usually end up pissed off by the end of my dining experience. The service can be really terrible, it's impossible to get a hold of the wait staff, and getting your check has taken up to 45 minutes. People LOVE to bring their kids here, so you can count on lots of screaming children.

The real kicker for me was going here on my 21st birthday a few years back on Keep the Pint night. I got there at 5pm with my family, and they were already out of free pint glasses...I mean....really? You can't have an advertised special like Keep the Pint night if you are going to run out of glasses an hour into the deal. I've also been back again for another keep the pint night, where the same exact thing happened.

I'll probably never stop going to Earth, because I love the food and drinks, but I really hope that in the future they get better wait staff and that someday I'll actually get a free pint glass.
While I enjoyed the beer here, the pizza fell flat (pun intended).  Earth seems like a fine enough place if you're in the neighborhood, but my experience wasn't anything to brag about. 

We designed our own flatbread with artichokes, portabello mushrooms, and turkey sausage.  While the pizza was tasty enough, they really skimped on the toppings.  Until I got to a lucky bite, I could have sworn they forgot the artichoke.  The sausage and mushrooms were also sparse, and everything was cut into tiny pieces.  While the overall flavor was yummy, the overall value seemed low.  

While the pizza was a bummer, I was happy with the beer. I had a Ramstein Winter Wheat (guest brew), a Free The Hikers, and another homebrew that I can no longer remember thanks to the potency of the Free The Hikers.  Its always fun to get a good buzz off of two beers, but do be careful if you're driving there!
Earthbread allows tables of misbehaved children and fails to tell the parents that they are disturbing other diners. Will not return as it was a nasty experience when it should have been a pleasant dining night with our family.
I enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant as soon as I walked in and was surprised and happy to see that they served not only the homemade beer I knew about, but also homemade sodas and kombucha! I was impressed with their general mission statement on the back of the menus so I started out on a positive note. 

We had to wait a little while to order, but this was expected with such a large restaurant that was relatively crowded for a Tuesday night (which happened to be a great night to be there as they had Great Lakes IPA for only $2!) The pizza was delicious, the crust was to die for - incredibly flavorful and crispy. 

However, I was quite disappointed with the beers. I got the Bread+Circus APA, which I was very excited for after seeing it was brewed with the same house yeast they use in the breads. Though it seemed as if the yeast strain couldn't stand up to the alcohol as the beer was FAR too sweet and reminded more of a dubbel, trippel, or even slightly of an eisbock... perhaps there were hints of an APA somewhere under all that sweetness. My friend got the Rose Farmhouse Ale which was much more true to it's style, and though it wasn't fantastic, it was pretty good for a restaurant brewing their own beer - which I've come to be somewhat doubtful of.

The desserts were delicious, though seemed small even after I had read that they were quite small. Not too badly priced, though.

Overall, I would go here again to get some more delicious pizza, try their kombucha, and perhaps try another beer and hope for something a little more exciting.

If I had the choice, I would have given 3.5 stars, but gave 4 for the fact that they seem to care about sustainability and being eco-friendly.
Eh, I thought this place was kinda mediocre for what they were serving.  There were some pros and cons.

Pros:  They do their own beer.  It's pretty tasty and they do some interesting ones.  They have a smoky beer that tastes like you just sucked on a meat smoker.   And the other ones are good too.  They also use fresh ingredients in all their food.  

Cons:  For a pizza place thats trying to be inventive, im not really impressed.  It seemed very run of the mill, and it didnt separate itself from other places.  I went there within the first couple weeks it was open, so maybe things have changed up.
WOW. 

We came here after dinner at Iron Hill Brewery.. we heard from two gentleman at the bar that there is an event on Tuesdays called "kick the keg", we ventured over after dinner (we each had two drinks at Iron Hill and ubered to be on the safe side) we coincidentally ran into a bartender that my boyfriend knew. She served us each one drink, and three waters total. We then ventured upstairs to play ping pong, have another drink. We got upstairs to find the bar manager bartending. Unfortunately because we were not regulars, we were not allowed to order another drink. Unfortunately for the bar manager he didn't know who he was serving. 

I write a lot of reviews for people in their early 20's to mid 30's. These people are looking for bartenders who are open to new comers and are nonjudgmental of their first appearance in a bar. 

This bar manager refused us another drink based solely on the fact that he didn't know us. Not because we seemed intoxicated, not because we were slurring our words, not because we were sloppy, because he didn't know us. 

Don't waste your time at this bar. I will never be a patron here again. I have had much better times at Iron Hill Brewery with their fantastic bar tenders who are caring and pay attention to each individual order, as well as El Poquito. Unfortunately these bars are not open as late, if you are looking for a better bar open later, McMenamins is the place to go. Friendly bar service, no judgement and great people to sit at the bar with. 

Earth Bread + Brewery is dead to me along with everyone who follows me. 

PS

The ONLY reason this place got two stars was because of their VERY friendly and charismatic bartender on the first floor. She was amazing. Stole the show. Only good thing that stood out tonight.
i love this place...the flatbread is always sooooo good and the ceasar salad is a great appetizer to split....it's pretty generous.

favorite flatbread so far is the hunter...the turkey sausage is awesome.
My friend told me this was her (and her bf's) go-to place, so we had to try it. The four of us shared a few salads and a few flatbreads. Our Philly residents recommended the White and Black, so we got that. It was delicious. I just picked off the bacon. The salads were also good. The service was excellent, probably because they were our friends' neighbors.
After trying every flatbread they can throw at me they are well worth a full count review.  Bonus points to their hummus and bread pudding...god their bread pudding is amaze-balls.
This is good pizza. I won't call this flatbread, even though that's what it's marketed as. Despite cutting it into trendy rectangular slices it still looks and tastes like a pizza. 

I had the caveman 'flatbread', which is covered in an assortment of meats. It was quite tasty, and despite the numerous toppings all the flavors came together quite well. I really liked the crust, as it was a good blend of crispy and doughy textures. The sauce is forgettable, but since everything else comes together well it doesn't matter all that much.

On the day I went they had an interesting beer that was brewed with sorel mushrooms called Walls and Bridges. Never before have I had a mushroom beer, and really I might never again. It was an interesting savory flavor, the mushroom notes were heavy. The beer itself wasn't too dark or alcoholic, but due to the rich taste it's not a beer you could drink much of. I also had a pale ale that had been brewed with peppercorns. That beer was very average and therefore unremarkable, but at least it wasn't an unpleasant experience. They certainly get an A for effort in terms of their small brewery here, but I will have to try more brews to see if they tend to produce more good beer than bad.

I'll be back in the future for the pizza and beer here, because who doesn't like pizza and beer right? They do this classic pair well, even with their own little spin on it.
I've eaten here twice and both times the food was delicious. I really enjoyed the atmosphere though it did get a bit loud so it was difficult to hold a conversation. The servers have always been friendly and accommodating. I would highly recommend visiting.
The beer list is good. The food is good in that it's local, organic, real ingredients but the offerings aren't extensive. This is a good place to take a casual date or a low key pizza and beer night, lots to talk about (art on the walls from local artists, interesting beer, unique authentic food). However, it's not overly impressive. Just a good option and reasonably price. They have quizzo and music so there is something to do late nights.

Also- 21st Amendment's Hell or High Watermelon in a can is the perfect summer beer option :)
Gonna keep this one simple... one of my favorite spots. Inviting, chill, and dimly lit.(downstairs) The owners are nice, knowledgeable, and the staff is great.

Earth is very earth friendly... love it.

There's always something for almost anyone on pour at any given time. I think they really excel at darker styles and would have to say that the doppel bock (2bok4sure?) they made was probably my favorite example of that style I've ever had.

BONUS... they also carry some select sipping spirits and their prices are outstanding. $9 for a 2 ounce pour of Ron Zacappa = Earth rocks!
This place comes highly recommended by a friend. So when we stopped by for lunch on Saturday but read the sign that they only open for dinner starting at 5pm. Came back later, around 8pm and was greeted by the hostess saying they ran out of dough because they were going on vacation, but they had salad. Keep in mind that this place is called Earth BREAD, not Earth SALAD. Why even open if you don't have enough ingredients to serve to your customers? 

Why would I even bother coming back a third time, when there are hundreds of pizza places I know are prepared for business. I'm sure the food is probably great based on the reviews but come on, someone really dropped the ball here.
The beer is really good. I went to Earth on Qiuzzo night (a game very similar to Trivial Pursuit) and was a lot of fun even though I didn't win. 

The place has a very nice atmosphere. I recommend a trip if you have never been and if you live in the Germantown/Chestnut Hill area it's a MUST visit.
I like going to Earth, but I wish they didn't stop serving food at 9:30. I'm assuming they have a good reason for not serving past 9:30, but to me it feels a bit early, especially if you will be doing some late night drinking, it's really nice to have a pizza to help absorb those high ABV beers.

That said, when I do get there in time, the seed pizza is by far the best. I like to get it and eat at one of the tables in the bar area- the sit down service has been a little bit disappointing. (Slow, erratic, food coming out cold or not at all).

Another reason I prefer to go on the later side of things is that there are so many children running around earlier on in the evening that it almost feels out of control. A friend and I went there for "happy hour" a few months ago and there were children running all over the place, even in the bar area where we were because that's where their parents were hanging out. Maybe Earth can designate a "family" waiting area, where parents can still get drinks but the children are a little more contained. 

Overall though, Earth has been a great addition to Mt. Airy, especially for a 20 something resident of the area like myself. It's a MUCH better "hangout" than McMenamins down the street.
I was excited to one to this place because I love breweries and bread. Who doesn't? But when my friends and I got there the bartender was incredibly rude, not friendly or outgoing. She basically wanted to ignore us. I will never go there again.
I'm so lucky to have this place right in the neighborhood! Two floors of restaurant and bar areas. Delicious flatbread pizzas...just a touch floury and nice smokiness to the crust. Interesting topping choices including some cool specials (during the election I had the Bar-roccoli Obama heh!) with traditional tomato sauce, pesto, sundried pesto, garlic sauce...good variety to choose from for making your own if one of their menu selections isn't just what you want. Some interesting beer and wine selections that won't break the bank ($5.50 for a fun Spanish blend that pairs nicely with the pizza). And they even serve cookies from the stellar Night Kitchen bakery down the street.
I went here last night. It was maybe my 6th time here. I think they recently changed their flatbreads, at least the shape of them. Either way, it was as delicious as every previous time. We had the Meatatarian and the White & Black flatbreads. Both were perfect; the White & Black was just out of sight with the sweet figs on it. 

I've had the beer here on every occassion and it is always excellent. My friend had the sasparilla soda and said it was delicious.

This is a feel-good place. They use local ingredients. The buildings have been renovated so they have exposed beams, free standing doors, etc., and the decor is very clean and artistic.

The only complaint I can have about Earth is the volume of the music. It is very difficult to have a conversation. Every time I've been here, the music is blaring loud. Don't go if you have a headache that you're hoping dinner will solve.

9/25/13
Just an update on how fabulous and delicious this place is. It is now my local. I live in heaven.
it's great having more options on this stretch of germantown avenue, but i don't really understand what all the accolades in the ny times are about.  the food was fresh and simple, and they have microbrews.  ok, yeah?  the menu is limited...more like snackie foods instead of meals...and there aren't a lot of options.  the options there are seem tasty, but i'd certainly appreciate a few more menu items.  

the place is cozy and comfortable, but it's pretty racially segregated for such a diverse section of mt. airy.  hoping they continue to improve...
If you haven't been to Earth lately, give them another try. There were times last fall when I swore I wouldn't go back because the service was inexcusably bad. But lately, even on Saturday nights, it's been great. I'm glad I didn't give up on them. 

I love the flatbreads, and I'm always eager to see the weekly special. My favorite is the Seed - garlic sauce, red pepper flakes, mozzarella, and sesame seeds and pine nuts. It's delicious. Just a little spicy, not too much cheese, and those pine nuts - great. The veggie is another great choice. Loaded with veggies from  spinach to potatoes and finished with pesto, you may just need to break out to fork and knife to eat this one. The small flatbreads are more than enough for me - I always have a slice or two to share. 

I'm a fan of all the toppings, but my husband always orders the plain "Joe" and couldn't be happier. The salads and dips have also always impressed; the soup has been hit-or-miss. The latest soup miss was the French Onion, which tasted syrupy-sweet. 

Let's not forget the beer. If you're not sure what you want, just ask - or ask for a sample. Not into beer? Try the local wine on tap or a house-made soda.
The space is beautiful, the food is delicious and the beer selection is great (and they brew their own, along with the guest craft brewer of the week or month or whatever.)  I always have a great meal here...though one time a friend and I went on a weeknight and they were out of dough.  Seriously, at a flatbread restaurant?  But that was the only time I was disappointed, and I imagine that they never ran out of dough again - because, really...it's just silly.   But Earth is a great place to grab a beer and/or a meal.
This was the third stop on a bar tour I joined. The raves were all about the pizza.

There was a nice crowd in there on a Saturday night, but not too crowded. We were able to get our beers and pizza order in pretty quickly.

The first thing that caught my attention was the Red Velvet Cupcake beer. I was very close to getting, but was tipped off that it tasted nothing like the name. The put a whole in my balloon.

I ended up getting the Improv IPA, which was a very good beer. However, with each sip, all I could think about was the pizza that I was waiting for.

And, then it came. The goodness they call pizza. And, let me tell you, I think I found the best pizza in PA. The crust was perfect. The sauce was dam good. And, the mozzarella was great too.

After we gobbled down the pizza, I learned from one of the bar employees that they were voted best crust in PA. Well, hell, they got my vote. Yum.
Had dinner here on a recent visit to Philadelphia and was not disappointed.  The spinach salad was good.  The vinagrette had a kick to it!  The flatbread (sausage, mushroom, banana pepper pesto) was tasty, though there could have been more of the toppings.

What I really enjoyed were the brews made on site.  I had the coffee stout, which was great.  I also sampled the mild and kolsch, and those were good as well.

The downside?  Parking!  But that was to be expected.
Great fresh made beer and flat bread (aka pizza) what more could you want. Their house beers are always different so there is a new experience waiting each time you go in.
Good beer good breads, exactly what the name implies.
TL;DR - Try this place out. Bread = Pizza.

I came here with two friends, it was a 30 minute drive. We were STARVING when we got there, and had no idea what to expect. We looked at the menu, which has appetizers, beers, and breads. Bread. BREAD? We were worried there would be nothing to eat, that we would just have to make do with these breads.

WELL, it turns out, when they say bread here, they really mean pizza, or maybe "flatbread." Whew!

The Wissihickon was great, as was the Pesto. The beer was tasty! I agree with Anisha Y. this would be a good date place.
First of all there is no good pizza in Philadelphia, I'm from Italy I lived in Philadelphia for a year and a half and those so called pizzeria, that were so famous, were absolutely horrible. All of them, chewy, undercooked horrible American pizza. When they first brought me to this place I was resigned to another horrible greasy, "pie". It wasn't so, what they call flatbreads (WHY?) it's the closest that it gets to Italian pizza.
I had a beautiful pizza with rucola on top and it was impressive, of course they could have cook it a little bit more, but it's America and unfortunately people don't understand that Pizza needs burnt edges, maybe one day they will learn and this place is certainly a start. Do yourself a favor and get a pizza here, if you're in Philly there are absolutely NO other decent options.
Above average pizza/flatbread, although we felt there should have been more meat on the pies. The Wheatberry Salad was just ok. Not very creative - it was bland. Edamame was very good, but a little too salty. We didn't drink any beer so can't comment on that.
I really don't get why everyone loves this place.  I've eaten there several times, and even though I order 1 of the same 3 "breads" (can we drop the pretension and call them personal pizzas please?), they all come out a different size and taste differently.  There is no consistency. They do have a great staff, but the layout is incredibly cramped and while it's great that they are kid-friendly, it's hard to deal with over-zealous toddlers running around in such a cramped space.  Also, they need to can it with the open mic night, it's loud enough as it is.

It is a great place to stop by later at night for a beer at the bar...when the bartender doesn't decide to close early.
Good house brews, cute interior, mediocre service. Had a nice evening here with friends, but was kind of underwhelmed by their flatbreads which are $20 a pop. One of ours was burnt on the bottom and every bite tasted a bit like charcoal. We ordered three different flatbreads and we couldn't tell which was which because they all kind of tasted alike( and one was a korma version so it definitely shouldn't have tasted the same). We also orded a $10 avocado salad thinking we would share it, but laughed when it showed up because it was literally like 1/2 cup in size. There were four little pieces of greens sprinkled on top. It was tasty, but I expected more greenery for the price. I do like the concept behind this place and it is really cozy inside, I'm just not sure I would go back for dinner. Maybe I'll just grab a beer next time.
The menu is mostly pizzas. Lots and lots of different varieties of pizza. With all sorts of awesome toppings. Delicious!  Good beer selection. It's a great place for meeting friends, sharing food and having a quality conversation. Good service too!
I couldn't be happier that this place opened so close to where I live. I have been here about a half dozen times and have not been disappointed. 

Pros: The flatbreads are great. Try the specials when they have them because they tend to be the more creative flatbreads.

The beer is great. I have tried most and most are very good. I love that you can get a 13 oz beer in order to try something new.

The people. The wait staff, the owners, the other patrons are all fantastic!

Cons: I wish they had a larger menu, but I suspect it will grow over time.

Not to be missed!
Obsessed with this place. Favorite beer selection and I'm very picky with beer. I love their sour gruit beer sooooooo much. They rotate their soups and all of them that I've had so far are delicious.
This is not your ordinary beer and pizza place.  

First, as to the beer: they offer 4 of their own house brews, and a rotating selection of "guest" drafts.  The house Zythos is a really hoppy Belgian style ale with lots of flavor. Tried a couple of the other house drafts that really weren't to my taste. There was a good selection of about 6 guest beers, from which we sampled the PBC Pennsylvania Pale Ale, and Laguintas Heffeweizen, both were delicious.  Free tastes are offered so you dont have to commit yourself to drinking a full glass of something you are not sure you will like.

Second, the flatbread pizza is delicious and the food is reasonably priced.  We started  with a shared spinach salad with bacon ( a special), for entrees had 2 smalll flatbread pizzas (I had the sausage/mushroom and my husband had the buffalo chicken), and finished off with a shared bread pudding. The buffalo chicken flatbread was way too spicy for my taste but my husband liked it. I loved the mushroom flatbread pizza- great flavors in the sausage, and the flatbread was nicely crisped and slightly charred.  Our bill for the food and 3 drinks was $50 not including tip.

The atmosphere is casual but classy, low key and more restaurant like than pub like.  You could feel comfortable bringing kids here (and people do).  The music is not too loud and you can hear yourself talk.  My only complaint was the Beach Boys music that was playing in the background all night....

The service was just OK. Our waitress was friendly and took the time to answer any questions about the beer and food.  However she did not return to the table often enough to get our drinks refilled before they were empty.  She also served hy husband a cup of coffee that had largely spilled over into the saucer.  

Overall, an enoyable meal, and I wish this place were closer to us, I would come more often!
I have not been here for a few years , but I used to frequent Earth when I lived in the area. Such a cool spot to hang out, I always had fantastic service and delicious unique flatbreads and brews ! Seeing Earth pop up on my radar on Yelp reminded me that I should really go back !
I have been really excited for this spot to open and was looking forward to another option in Mt. Airy, I have to say I've been disappointed. They don't have a great selection of food, they sell wine and beer, but no hard liquor and they close around midnight. It would be a good place to go get drinks and order a pizza if you get hungry... but the main draw is supposed to be the food and there are much better options for that in the area. It's not really a bar scene; no TV, no music, no liquor... but they don't have enough food to really be a great restaurant either. It feels like they are stuck somewhere in the middle. 
The owners are very friendly and the staff are helpful, so hopefully they will work out the kinks.
Good, but not great. We went to Earth last night because I love flat bread, my husband loves beer and we were in the area. Seemed like a no-brainer. The atmosphere was nice and the service was good. My husband and I both liked the beer. We had 3 flat breads: the Mushroom w/ turkey sausage, the White, and a special they were running with BBQ sauce, steak and portobello mushrooms. I thought the White flat bread was delicious but the other two, not very delicious. The special was pretty good, but didn't have a whole lot of flavor. The mushroom and turkey sausage one was pretty flavorless and really skimped on the mushrooms. The turkey sausage was supposed to be spicy but it was not spicy at all. I had to salt all three. Overall it was a good experience, but not a great one. It is definitely worth going if you are in the area. But I wouldn't travel out of your way to go to Earth.
First of all let me start of with my one complaint.. no hard liquor. Nicey likes tequila, and when nicey wants tequila I'd think a bar can provide..NOPE.. anyway that was totally ok.. because they have single malts and cider. I can always get down with that kind of vibe.. I mean it's mt airy.. what am I going to do drunk there since I'm no longer 15? exactly.. Service was on point, and the atmosphere was super chill.. The menu looked to be pretty cool too.. I do plan to go back and try some hummus.. I mean I happen to be a hummus freak sooooooooooo yeah! 

I also must say that any place that tries this hard to be green is a place for me. I'm all for places that go the sustainable route.
I'm happy this place exists. It doesn't cost an arm and a leg, but I still get fresh good quality food- the kind of food I don't feel awful eating afterwards. Here's a tip: Eating for one? The small size flatbread is PLENTY. Combine that with a delicious seasonal soup and you can have a solid dinner for around $15. Out with friends and feeling even more thrifty? Then get a small Garden flatbread and homemade soda for $11. 
I get the mint lime soda every time. After a good hike, it's that clean refreshing taste I need. 
One problem is that service can be a little slow, but they make up for it with their friendliness. 
I like the fact that all kinds of people come here. It's very welcoming to young families. For those complaining about the kids...what do you expect? A too-cool-for-school pizza place? That too...I can't stop calling it pizza.
Great atmosphere and tasty brews, Earth Bread and Brewery is a great spot for one, two, or 20 people to have a fun night. 

We arrived and sat at the bar, and then we were immediately greeted by the bartender who described the menu and the brews. 

We had the opportunity to try the four that were house brews, which were all good, but ended up going with one of the guest breweries that they had on tap. 

The flatbread menu looked so good, we had to jump on the fig, bacon and arugula choice. It was fabulous, but even better when eaten cold hours later (we took the leftovers home). 

Very nice experience.
I come here all the time since I'm local and it's walkable - but they also have a huge lot a block away for parking - and plenty of parallel roads if you need to avoid Germantown Ave.  Anywhoo ... 

Good beer. Good service. Laid back atmosphere.  Only gripe is that they only serve pizza "flatbreads".  I'd go a lot more often if they expanded the menu to sandwiches or vegan fare.  It's delicious fancy pizza though.
As a Mt. Airy local, and a beer enthusiast, I LOVE Earth!  It's has a great flatbread selection, yummy salads, and inventive appetizer offerings.  In addition to quality, Earth also fills a much needed void in the neighborhood, and is able to be BOTH a great craft brew-pub *and* a family restaurant.  Wonderful hand-crafted house beers, and great local and not-so-local craft brews on draft as guests give earth extra points for me.

As a regular, I highly recommend the Wheatberry and House salads, LOVE their Seed and Black & White (though I hold the bacon) flatbreads - but really, you can't go wrong.

Also - though it may sound strange - try the dessert flatbread... it's surprisingly wonderful!!!
Was in town and stopped by here late. Nice place. If I lived in Mt. Airy I'd sure I'm spend time here. I didn't quite get the whole "flatbread pizza" thing. I was more interested in the beer. Our friendly and helpful server was more than gracious enough to provide me samples of the beers on tap. They need to serve a beer sampler. While my friends had pizza (flatbread...whatever...) I decided to go out on a limb and try a quinoa salad. It was surprisingly good. Made with sliced apple and topped with spinach, it wasn't filling put it was savory. The beers were good. Wish they were bigger, but it's OK. Had an issue with the Men's room. The stall was way too small. Claustaphic-small and felt like you were out in the open in the larger-than-you-think room. Overall though I like the place and would return. And if I lived in Mt. Airy, I'm sure I'd be a regular.....Oh....I don't recall seeing any TV near the bar or anything. That's odd....Oh well.....Maybe that's a good thing?
Previously lived around the corner from this place. I would frequent often during lunch hours or later at night for drinks with friends. The rustic and earthy feel of the inside is inviting. The menu consists of small appetizers, flatbreads, dips, etc. I have never been disappointed with the food here. The flatbread list contains offerings for both meat and veggie lovers. The draft list is complete with house-brewed, quality selections. A great option for low key lunch and beers.
