I had booked a reservation for my birthday at Effie's 6 weeks in advance for the upstairs room for 14 people. When I called to make the reservation I spoke with a man who explained the menu to me and we chose what my guests would have. I was really excited because it's a BYOB, not to expensive and I'd been there once before for a similar party. A few days for my birthday I called to confirm and everything was set. The day of my birthday, the owner called again to "make sure i was still coming." Oh course I was still coming, I had 14 people driving into center city for my party!  My reservation was for 8pm, I got there at 8:10pm and a few of my people were already there. The hostess/server brought me upstairs to the room, and there was another party at my table! I was told we would have the whole room, I definitely was not expecting to sit at 2 separate tables in a corner nook no big enough to fit 1 table, next to the only bathroom up there!  Are you kidding me, NO WAY! 8 people couldn't fit there let alone 14!! So I went back downstairs and asked to speak with the manager/owner.  The hostess went to the open kitchen, talked to the owner (who was cooking), whispered something, came back and said she'd be out in a few minutes. 45 minutes, and 14 hungry people later she still didn't come out of the OPEN kitchen to talk to me, I could see her ignoring me!!! So, I went back there to find out what was going on, whether the group was finishing, what happened... anything... Turns out, they gave away my table to a walk in group of 12 people at 7pm!! A 12 top does not turn over in an hour!!  I booked 6 weeks in advance and now I didn't have table to fit my group.  I worked in restaurants for 6 years, and that was the absolute worst service I had ever encountered.  She was rude, gave me BS excuses and they got angry with me for getting upset. I will NEVER go back, neither will anyone from my group. And, the one time I had been there before, the food wasn't that good. Total FAIL.
My once-monthly BYO girls' night took place at Effie's last Friday.  We chose the spot based solely on yelp research (mine, of course) and we were once again very pleased!  We had reservations and a table was ready for us as soon as we arrived.  Service was friendly and helpful.  The four of us shared an app that had a little of everything: spinach phyllo triangles, chicken skewers, olive tapenade, hummus, roasted peppers, orzo and a couple other things.  And let's not forget the fresh-out-of-the-oven pita bread, which was so good that by the end of the meal, I was referring to the pita baby in my stomach.  

My entree was a shrimp dish served over rice with a tomato/feta/green onion sauce.  A-MA-ZING basically sums up my feelings.  

Despite being stuffed, we ordered dessert.  Baklava and some other phyllo pastry that was filled with custard and drizzled with honey.  Both were good but the baklava definitely came out ahead, in my opinion.  The only problem?  The desserts were nearly impossible to eat with a fork alone.  Had it been the early 90s, I would have called MacGuyver to help us out.  Ask for a knife with your dessert.  Trust me.  

The best part was that dinner was only $30ish per girl-- which gave us plenty of extra cash for post-dinner drinks.  

The restaurant itself was pretty basic, so if I wanted my Greek cuisine with a little more ambiance I'd probably lean towards Dmitri's.  But for a small group looking for some good eats at a very reasonable price in a comfortable atmosphere, I'd hit Effie's.  This is exactly the place I plan on bringing my mom and sister, to introduce them to the wonderful world of Mediterranean food.
OK So yum!  Came here for dinner on a Monday night for a celebration of sorts.  
Everything was really really lovely.  

We sat in a cozy table in the corner for 4, and came armed with 2 bottles of wine which were promptly opened since one of the many perks of Effies is its BYO status.  

To begin, we went for the appetizer sampler (formally called Thessaloniki) which was delicious.  I can't commit to which of the dips we got were my favorite, so i happily bounced from feta dip to the hummus to the baba to the grape leaves to the olives and just smiled.  

From there, we split 2 salads for the 4 of us (which are definitely big enough to share unless their you'r entree).  We got 1 Greek salad, and one of the beet salad specials.  I have no decisive winner as both were phenomenal.  The Greek salad came with an egg though... and as a kalamata, feta, egg fan, it took me to a happy place.

For my entree, I went for the shrimp Santorini which is essentially shrimp over rice with a aromatic tomato based sauce.  The scallion in said sauce really took it to the next level.  It was amazing, and a great sized portion.  I ate enough of it where I didn't take it with me, but I very well could have.

The service was also great!  Our waiter was prompt, but left us alone to enjoy ourselves at our own pace.  Additionally, when he caught wind of our celebration, he brought us out rum shots which we enjoyed together along with the table beside us.  Also, they gave us a desert which was a pleasant cross between a cannoli and baklava.  We each got one too which was above and beyond our expectations of what comes free with dinner.  

All in all Effies was fabulous!  The food was delicious, the service was great, they let us bring our own wine, they didn't rush us, and you can make a reservation.  This could be my favorite restaurant at the moment.
After a recent dinner party here, I'm not really sure how I feel about Effie's. I kind of have a bad taste in my mouth about the whole situation and won't be returning.

We had a party of about 20 people. It was a snowy night, and they sat us in the back (I think it's the carriage house? Regardless, it was cold.) The set up was awkward- two long tables that butted up to one another at a 90 degree angle. I wound up in the "inside" of the angle, which meant my back was facing half of our dinner party. Awkward like I said, but whatever. They were just trying to accommodate our large party I guess. 

When it came time to order, the waitress gave us our options, then exclaimed that she did not have pen and paper. So instead of writing down our order, she yelled out each entree and made us raise our hands for what we wanted. Not only that, but she miscounted and made us do it again. I felt like we were in third grade. 

Appetizers were served family style. Grape leaves, hummus, etc. with pita. One end of the table ran out of pita. When they requested more, the server just said "No" and grabbed what was left of the apps. Eh... ok? 

When the entrees did come out, I do have to admit they were good (or at least what I had- the chicken kabob). Not sure about the other entrees. Effie's is also a BYOB, which I consider a plus.

However, here is the worst part. Like I said, it was snowing. In order to get to the room that we were seated in, you had to enter the restaurant, walk to the back, go back outside through the court yard, and into the carriage house. There were one or two steps into the court yard that were slippery because of the wet snow. One of the girls in our party slipped on a piece of metal and fell to the ground. A couple people ran to her aid and helped her back into the restaurant. She was fine, just a little sore. However, another guest in our party was in the bathroom at the time and didn't know what happened. As he walked through the restaurant, the whole kitchen staff was laughing about the "girl who fell outside." He asked who fell, and they stated "your pretty friend fell outside." He comes rushing in, trying to find out who fell and if they are OK, while the kitchen and wait staff are inside laughing their asses off. I just found this completely unacceptable and rude.
I first came here on a blind date. The date was a wash, but the restaurant has become one of my regular joints. I often bring out-of-towners here to experience the BYOB without the crowds or "weird" food. Which means - this is a place you could take a date, your parents, college friends on a visit. The prices are great (I often just split the big salad and then get an app.) and everything is delicious, especially if you like feta, which I do. 

In the summer, bring a bottle and eat on the outdoor patio. For a romantic date, try the carriage house out back. For an intimate "family meal" ask for a table upstairs.
A couple friends and I shared a mini-buffet late Sunday afternoon... it's the way to go!!!
I will have to choose moderate as the price range, but trust me, it is much closer to $11pp than it is to $30pp. (Someone should change the price range options to $10 or $15 increments. My mom would balk at $30pp, but not at $11, even though they're in the same group. lol)

We chose to sit at a sidewalk table, and it was quite pleasant. Side street, barely any motor traffic, and very little foot traffic. Good for people watching, though, as you can see the people on Pine Street.

The staff makes you feel like an old friend even if it's your first visit.

On to the food, I don't like calamari, but someone always insists I taste it, and this is the freshest I've had. There's a shrimp and mussel dish in some kind of lemony/mustardy sauce that is absolutely delicious, even though I am not a fan of mussels. There's a "seared cheese" dish that I couldn't believe I liked... Actually, I am craving it right now, which is what reminded me that I had a review to write. lol. I am still trying to figure out what the taste of that cheese evokes, but it is good.

And then my favorite things in no particular order: 1 - the hummus... It is divine. It is fresh, it is lumpy, and it tastes AWESOME. I am addicted to it. We had to send for more pita bread three times. Which brings me to number 2: The pita is the best I've ever had. It is slightly crisp yet soft and fluffy all at once. It is heavenly. 3: The chicken souvlaki sandwich. I stuffed my face with a little bit of everything, but the sammie I just HAD to finish. The flavors are BEAUTIFUL. lol It's the only word I can think to describe it.

Just be sure to scrub the smell of onions off your hands afterward. lol

NOTE: Effie's does not open until the evening. Please don't try to go for lunch. lol
I went here last night with a group of colleagues and a visiting academic.

We started with the special, a Mezze platter to share, which was good but I felt it was a little small considering our waitress told us it was suitable for sharing between 5.  We were quite glad we got a Greek salad to go along with it as well.

Having said that, any worries about small portions were blown away come the main course.  Everyones dishes were huge.  I went for the Baby Lamb Chops.  You get four decent lamb chops and a nice lentil salad and rice.  Other members of the party got the pork chops (two huge chops and a massive portion of fries) and the Moussaka (massive, two big guys couldn't finish the portion).  

And it isn't quantity over quality.  The food was extremely tasty and very good value.  I would definitely recommend coming here to anyone who likes good Greek food.
Greek food! Big portions! Good prices! And BYOB!

For money you would spend at a place like Chili's or Applebee's, come to Effie's instead! You could be having a souvlaki sandwich or some tasty dishes on rice or pasta! Not only do you get good food, but you can save some money on the alcohol front and BYOB! Definitely I will be frequenting more often :)
My fiancee and I stumbled upon Effie's and decided to sit for an impromptu sidewalk meal. We didn't realize it was BYO but my lovely man left me momentarily and was back with two oversized cherry and Apple organic ciders. While he was gone I ordered for us, and I have to say, they were excellent choices!

We started with warm pita and tzaziki. Just lovely with our crisp cider. 

Then we shared the charred octopus, which ended up being a little more of a salad, tossed with tomatoes, onions, fresh herbs and lemon. Refreshing and the octopus itself was still the star. 

We then had some kind of salad (sorry, I forget!) but it had lots of fresh feta and it was killer good. 

We ended with the mousaka. Wow. Wow. Mmm.  Warm cinnamon undertones mingling with the robust tomato sauce and hearty from the thinly sliced potato layer. It was the dead of summer and it was delicious but I can only imagine how satisfying it would be on a chilly night. 

Very reasonably priced, very nice staff and on our way out we realized that there is an adorable courtyard in back. Wish we knew! 

Ambiance is simple, food is simply good and BYO is always bueno in my book.
One of my absolute favorite spots in the city. This is a hidden gem in my opinion, not many restaurants you can go in Philly and get a "home cooked meal". The prices are very reasonable and the staff is great. Don't expect anything fancy, just a very low key vibe and a  very very good dinner. There is a great little private backyard to eat in if it's a nice night. My favorite dishes are the spanakopita, moussaka, Effie's chicken, Gyro, lemon chicken soup and the Greek salad is on another level.
Food was delicious. My mouth is still watering at the memory of the whole fish special. We went on a night when they had a vegetarian moussaka, which was very good; not sure how pescetarian friendly the menu would have been otherwise. The management was attentive and accommodating. The place is cozy, but there were apparently a number of rooms in addition to the main room (including a back building and an upstairs area).
Atmosphere: Beautiful, I loved the back room that made me feel like I was miles away from the city

Food: My stuffed chicken was awesome, my friends' food looked good, one of the plates though was completely overpriced, $24 for a thin portion of a crummy looking fish, yuck yuck yuck

BYO: convenient. 

Final word: Overpriced fish, amazing atmosphere, 3 stars.
Went to Effies without a reservation on Friday night.  They were able to find a table for us in the back room, which also had a party of Penn students in it.  The party got extremely loud, so we asked to be reseated.  They didn't have any free tables, but they let us sit at the little table by the door (which is usually where the hostess stands).  They were extremely accommodating and friendly (we felt like family).  

The little greek salad with gyro meat was enough for my dinner, and it was the best greek salad I've ever had.  It was completely packed with all kinds of things (including tons of tomato and olives that I hate, but my partner ate that).  We also had the mussels appetizer, which was really good (marinated muscles in a mustard sauce, which made them super flavorful).  My partner had the shrimp entree.  She liked it a lot.

We went pretty randomly this time, but next time we'll go on purpose and bring some drinks.
I want to love Effie's, but I agree with some of the reviews here that the food, while OK, is overpriced.  I had the Effie's chicken, and it was OK, but nothing memorable or spectacular for $17.  It came with rice.  Rice.  Nothing else.  Just chicken and rice. 
 It is BYOB, which I like and appreciate. But they should bring down the prices a bit.  The server was really nice.  She was cheerful and helpful.  
I like Effie's, but I don't love it.
We came here as a group of 4 because Mixto around the corner was crowded. We walked into Effies and were told there was a table available upstairs.  Up the tall narrow staircase, we were led to our table. The interior looked like someones home! Pretty cute, but the place we were sitting was pretty narrow. 
As for service, great attentive waiter. 
As for food, a solid 4. Greek food as its finest. everything was seasoned pretty good. as for a treat, we got this pastry dessert on the house. 
I would come back but choose different seating
I went in here to grab a bite a few weeks back on a Saturday night. Effie's is a warm, well lit little building. The servers/owners greeted me and sat me down promptly. I ended up getting avgelemno soup, which was supposed to be a lemon flavored chicken rice soup and the Effie's Chicken entree. I got some bread as a starter and it was delicious. Sadly it was the best part of the meal. The avgelemno soup was neither particularly lemon tasting or had a lot of chicken or rice. The Effie's chicken which had grilled chicken with sauteed mushroom and scallion in wine garlic sauce was just plain bland. You'd think that the mushrooms and scallion in wine garlic sauce would be tasty, but it wasn't at all. Bland, bland, bland. At least the chicken was cooked right and was tender. 

I just wasn't that impressed with this place, which is sad because I love Greek food and used to love going to Greektown in Chicago. The hunt for a good reasonably priced sitdown Greek place besides Zorba's continues.......
The first night I ate here, there was one waitress for the entire restaurant who did not write anything down and nailed our order. After devouring the amazing food, I have come to love Greek. I would recommend to eat here anytime of the year, but surely visit during warm months in order to sit in the courtyard. Take out is also an option if you are looking to impress dinner guests and cannot cook. Note that it is cash only and also a BYOB, but is worth the every bit of the hassle. This restaurant makes living in Philadelphia special.
I ordered the Moussaka and everyone from the table had plate envy when it came out.  Not only does this dish look good, it tastes good.  The beef was savory, yet had a hint of cinnamon, which made it taste slightly sweet.  It's BYOB, which is great.  They accept large groups, so it's perfect if you have a large party, but it can be a little bit cramped if there is another group.
I think they do accept credit cards, but if you are in a large group everything either has to be on one card.  My group decided to just bring cash because it wasn't that clear.  Call ahead to make sure if you have a large group.  Everyone in the group liked Effie's even though I knew some of them were new to Greek food, which is a huge plus.
Wonderful little place in the Haaayborgood. Great Greek, good prices, large portions. Whats not to love? I haven't figured that out yet. If you eat on the 2nd floor it feels like your having a nice family meal. The portions are big so get a few things and share amongst your peoples. Bring a nice bottle of wine, its a BYO.
With all the attention that Cypriot BYOB Kanella has been getting in Washington Square West, we thought it would only be fair to try out Effie's, an unassuming Greek BYOB just a few blocks away. Effie's has a reputation for courtyard seating and decent standards, like octopus and lamb, so we stopped in on a Wednesday to sample the offerings.

They were a little jammed up and grabbing a courtyard table, which seemed relatively easy for 8:30PM on a Wednesday, was out of the question. As we waited to be seated in a two-top along Pine Street we amused ourselves watching the cooks tackling orders while grill-smoke pouring out of the tiny open kitchen.

The first course of calamari was perfectly done. This was some of the best calamari we've had in a long time; if you've read some of our other reviews, you know that we use calamari as the baseline for judging how much care and attention a kitchen puts into the food.

At first glance, it should be an easy dish to make...pull it from a prep dish, batter/bread and deep fry, then serve...but so many kitchens really blow this one, through bad pre-made ingredient, poorly mixed or seasoned coating or due to inattentively over cooking the calamari into fried rubber bands...oh let me count the ways that you can ruin thee.

Effie's calamari was a perfect balance of light, crispy coating, just salty & seasoned enough with tender squid rings beneath. Served still warm, this was a sign of good things to come.

The sampler platter was a decent smattering of bulgar stuffed grape leaves, an eggplant dip, some hummus, cheese and peppers...consistency of the dips were smooth and flavors pronounced...a well-done, if not basic, appetizer. Served with pita points, a decent way to pass the evening over a glass of wine.

Mains brought both great grilling and gritty greens. The lamb rack was perfectly seasoned & grilled, albeit a little on the medium side of medium rare. Resting on a bed of mac & cheese orzo, this was Greek comfort food...except for the sand.

The dish was ruined with the ring of gritty greens that had not been throughly washed...my wife's first bite into them yeilded that 'tween the teeth crunch that kills your appetite...she asked me to try another piece to see if it was a fluke, but after one or two more bites from different bunches of greens the slack-luster prep was apparent. She picked her way around the sides while enjoying the lamb.

I ordered Lamb Lemonato, the lemon potato and lamb dish...basically cubed, grilled lamb & roasted potatos drenched in an lemon-oil sauce. The potatos were hit or miss due to their irregular sizes...some over-cooked & withered, other larger chunks on the edge of doneness, an occasional well-roasted wedge...Seems like short-cut prep strikes again.

The lamb mostly appeared in small scraps and was a little gristly..however, those sizeable chunks that could be found amongst the potatos were decently seasoned and cooked...I found myself digging through the cubes of spud in search of those few remaining lamb chunks that were hiding shadows of my plate created by the al fresco street lighting.

Final verdict? Great place for appetizers. They had actually 86'd two of the apps we wanted to try (tomato tart and the grilled octupus, a favrotie from what I can gather), so we may be back to try those and get some more calamari.

We're staying away from the entrees though...seemed like the poor prep went by unnoticed by the chef making it to the plate. Those sides sabotaged what could've been some great lamb dishes.

Most of the other customers leaving seemed happy though, so maybe it was just a fluke or that fact that we ordered at the end of a busy shift and were left picking through our entrees looking for the delicatable bits...but Effie's stuck us as Iffy's.
A friend and I ate at Effie's last night for a quick dinner after work.  When we walked in, we were greeted promptly. I asked to sit outside, because of the lovely pictures on the website, but the outdoor area was full so we sat inside.  Now keep in mind that Effie's is a Greek restaurant...well they must have set the temperature on "Santorini," because it was so hot and humid in there!  I'm trying to be less of a soda person, so I just asked for some lemon wedges to go in my water, and the waitress gladly obliged.  

Ok, now on to the food.  The bread and olive oil were pretty tasty.  I ordered the lamb souvlaki and my friend ordered the stuffed chicken.  We really should have switched dishes, because he liked my food better than he liked his, and vice versa.  To me, my food wasn't seasoned enough...or rather, it wasn't seasoned at all.  I've never been a big salt person (and my blood pressure thanks me for it), but I felt like I needed to add a lot of salt to my food.  I didn't though - just couldn't bring myself to do it.  I mainly focused on the string beans with tomato puree - they were pretty good.  All in all, I was pretty disappointed in my Effie's experience.  My friend who recommended it had  said such good things about it, and the reviews on here were great too.  I doubt I'll ever go back.   Sorry Effie's - I tried.
I had a mixed experience at Effie's. I wanted to love it based on Yelpers reviews, but some things were holding me back. 

When we first arrived we were seated in the carriage house (out back). I think the waitress wanted to give us privacy, but no one was in there, so it was a little creepy and stuffy. We moved outside to the patio garden, which was much nicer on a summer night.

The service was also just okay, not rude but definitely not friendly either. The first glass of water they brought me had a bug in it and when I told the waitress she didn't say a word (no apology?). Our food also came out at a slow pace, but maybe it's a deliberately relaxed atmosphere...

On to the positives...all the food we had was good. I'm not a Greek expert, but the food had a home cooked feel about it which I enjoyed. We started with an appetizer sampler. My husband had shrimp with tomato sauce over rice. The best dish of the night was my lamb souvlaki pita sandwich served with fries. The lamb was very tender and tasty! For just $10, I would ignore all my other qualms and go back just for this.

*BYOB
After a recent vacation to Greece, my fiancé and I were craving some authentic Greek food and ventured to Effie's last night. Everything was outstanding! The atmosphere is cozy and welcoming, and we immediately felt at home. The food was delicious as well, and the fact that it's BYOB is a huge plus. Their tzatziki is made with yogurt (not sour cream like some other places in the city), and we had the Loukanika and the Braised Lamb for entrees which were both excellent. At the end of our meal they gave us a complimentary dessert made with phyllo dough, custard, and honey-a really nice treat.

We will definitely be back!
The place is really cute! The food is nice! My gf got the chicken soup and it was very tasty! We had the Greek salad which was a very nice size. They serve bread with spices for free. We also got the whole Branzino fish which we shared. It was tasty! They got us desert on the house because it was our first time at the place. Highly recommended!
I came in on a Saturday night with Katie B. and about 7 others. The place is definitely outdated and needs some new interior design. 

We started with hummus and zuchinni chips. Both were great and very authentic. Our food was pretty quick. Unfortunately one of our friend's meal was cold and he had to wait about 15 minutes to get it back. There was also a dish forgotten. I ordered the shrimp santorini which was just eh. Nothing was special about it and it was small portioned. For being a BYOB I think they are decently priced, especially compared to Kanella. 

This is actually a great place for a group if you're at the large table on the second floor (like we were). I thought the service was also mediocre. Our waitress came around at very sporadic times which wasn't helpful when there was a meal cold which could have been resolved much quicker.
I am a huge fan of this place. It is great for groups especially because it's byob, but definitely make a reservation because it's small. They were extremely accommodating and worked well with our dietary restrictions. I don't think anyone was disappointed by their food. It's extremely affordable and the pasta portions are pretty large, so you could probably share a few. I loved the Makaronia and would highly recommend it. The group really enjoyed the Saganaki as an app. Great location, definitely worth trying out if you're looking for yummy greek food and a casual place to wine and dine.
The flavors of the food were just okay.  I had the orzo with shrimp and calamari.  It was cooked well and tasted good.  It wasn't great.  There were plenty of shrimp and a good amount of calamari, but the flavor was average at best.  The appetizer portions were horrible.  So small!  We had an appetizer that was $18 and it was served on a bread plate with 3 globs of Greek spreads and 2 dolmas.  It tasted good, but it was not a good value.

The crux of the experience (and this is the 2nd time this has happened, so shame on me) was the server.  She claimed to be the cousin of the restaurant owner and she was from Cypress.  She was rude, unprofessional, pushy, deceptive and didn't explain what anything was on the appetizers with multiple items on the same plate.

 She told us we needed to be done by a certain time when we sat down, which made us feel rushed and uncomfortable.  We were celebrating a dear friend's birthday and we were all hoping for a nice meal and an opportunity to catch up and relax.

She also stamped an automatic gratuity of 20%, which she deserved half of, at most, and for the 2nd time, mentioned nothing of it when she dropped the check.

Bottom line, we did not feel welcomed and the dreadful attitude of our server ruined the experience for me, for the 2nd consecutive time.  I won't make the same mistake again.

Go to Dimitry's, it world's better.
I had a group of 6 here for my birthday dinner on Friday.  We had a semi private round table upstairs - it really felt like we were in someone's living room.  A good thing, in my book.  The whole place is cozy and intimate. 

I've been on a Greek food kick motivated by my recent visits to Kanella's, which is just down the street on Spruce St and 10th.  Of course, given the proximity and both being BYOBs, it's hard not to compare the two.  It always comes down to the food for me, and I think Effie's falls short here.  The food isn't as inspired or nuanced as Kanella's.  It could be due to the Cypriot regional influence (think middle Eastern) of Kanella's versus Effie's, which is more mainland Greek, but the food is less spiced, a bit bland and not presented in a way that's inspired.  

I will say that our dinner table lingered for 2.5 hours and enjoyed many drinks over the span of several courses, and we never felt rushed or unwelcomed.   I think that speaks to the nature of the inviting atmosphere at Effie's.  Definitely a great place for romantic date. 

I don't like giving 3 stars, because that is a concession to having an average experience - (and who wants to be average?) - but as mentioned above, Kanella's gives Effie's a run for it's money and they'd do well to step up their culinary game.
This is hands down the best Greek restaurant I've ever had the pleasure of dining at.  Kanella is great, but Effie's is Legendary. This is the real deal, authentic, fresh, amazing flavors and good portions.  If I could only recommend one restaurant to someone visiting the city, this would be it.

If you're the type of person looking for first class waitstaff and a luxury experience, don't expect to find it here, this place is run by a few dedicated individuals who do the best they can with the limited staff they have.  You might have to wait a bit for your table even though you had a reservation, and they won't be as attentive as a server at Del Frisco's, but who cares? You come here to eat amazing food, not be treated like the king of the world.

A+++++ Would dine here again...over, and over, and over again.
I've walked pass Effie's so many times. I saw on GrouponNow Deal on this place so I thought why not, Let's try it.  This place is BYOB. The food was so so. I would prefer other Greek restaurants around the city.  The place is not very fancy for the price the charge you on food.  This place really need some update.

The hotest/waitress seated us right away gave us a menu then she left us sitting there for almost 30 mins waiting to order food.  Finally I got up to her and asked if we can order food.   I have to say this place is over priced for the amount of food you get.  

I heard they used microwave to cook our food!!!   I heard microwave beeping few times so I am guessing some of the food may not be fresh from the stove.

We had Loukanika and Mousaka.  Loukanika has more two pieces of 2 nothing special sausages and tons of tomato stew with tons and tons of rice.  It was ok. Mousaka was good but again too much tomato stew which over power everything. One cool thing about this place you get complimentary dessert afterward.  It's really good. 

Would I go back?  may be. Too over priced. I would try other places before I return to this place.  I would go back if I find a deal on Groupon again.
One of Philly's most enjoyable dining experiences.

Effie's doesn't look like much when you first walk in, but request to be seated in the courtyard or in the other dining room out back (an intimate & cozy dining room area with a fireplace) & you will be pleasantly surprised. It feels as though you've stepped out of Philly and into a small restaurant in the Greek countryside.

Great place for a dinner date. 

The food is delicous, you will not be disappointed.
A quiet low key place that also offers value for money. 

The servings are generous. My wife and I ordered the bean soup, spanakopita appetizer and two chicken sandwiches (one with salad and the other with fries). We split the soup.

The meal started with a basket of pita quarters, walm and toasty accompanied by a bowl of olive oil and some light flavoring. This appears to play the same role as the basket of bread in a typical Olive Garden - only in this case you can expect the basket to be refilled.

The soup soon appeared and it was very nice and made for a generous serving even when split between the two of us. In fact when combined with the pita fillers (which appeared to be unlimited  ) it would have made for a light lunch.

The chicken sandwich (really chicken with tzatziki sauce in a pita bread) was good too. The fries were simply outstanding and frankly along with the soup were the biggest surprises at the meal. I just wish i'd been hungry enough to eat all of it.

The serving of salad was good too with lots of fresh greens, tomatoes, cucumbers and a nice herb seasoning.

We had plenty to eat and If I had to do it again, the only change I'd make is drop the spanakopita which were only ok.
After being turned away from Kanella ( we need two week advance reservations? whoops...), my partner and I headed to Effie's. I really liked the intimate atmosphere. It was a busy Saturday night, so they sat us right next to the open kitchen. We didn't mind - it felt very European!

    The food: They didn't give anything to dip or spread our bread with until we asked (for olive oil). Grape leaves appetizer was delicious. We split a gyro and a meatball wrapped in eggplant special for our entrees. The gyro meat was good but veeerrry greasy. 
    The meatballs were incredibly tasty, but arrived at the table cold. If it was mildly warm it would have been fine... but it was cold. I asked for it to be reheated and soon overheard Effie (the owner/chef) complaining about the request. If you're going to seat customers next to the kitchen - know that we can hear you!

Our server was odd; he bragged about going to culinary school, then argued with me about whether there was eggplant in moussaka (seriously?). He also reprimanded us for not asking for change, since he assumed we were just "hanging out". Our wine was finished, the check was pushed to the edge of the table with a bill visible... how does that signal "hanging out"?
We also got to soak up all the drama between Effie and the servers. Every kitchen has its drama, but everything about the service seemed very tense and chaotic, especially when experienced so close to the action. 

Last annoyance: cash only. This came as a total surprise, since we hadn't seen it mentioned anywhere. Good thing we had the money. 

All in all: tasty, but the service wrecked the experience.
Worst meal I have had in a long time
Was sat on the 3rd floor in a cold corner w/ a party of 20 next to us
Bathroom was dirty, food was oily
Manager was a bitch
After 15 yrs of going to Effie's , would never go back
Come here if you love glorified cafeteria/airplane food.

The chef is in love with lemon juice.  The mussels could have been delicious if they didnt taste like biting into a lemon.  The stuffed chicken could have been great if the lemon sauce was left on the side.  Other than that, the Octopus was bland and the pork chops were bland too.  The hummus was DELICIOUS.  

The atmosphere here is actually delightful.  Although my server was pretty bad, I kind of loved her.  Dinner here is like eating in a friend's kitchen.  Fortunately for me, my friends are better cooks.
I visited Effie's because of everyone's positive comments.  But I found myself very disappointed. The place was way too cold with its concrete and brick build. After we were seated, we were ignored for a good while. And I certainly don't get the attraction of the BYOB policy!  The food is probably really good, but how do you enjoy fish with water (because we missed the  wine store's closing time)!?! I'd rather pay a couple of extra dollars to get a true restaurant experience! But that's just me...
I really wanted to like this place a lot. It started out baller and then kind of went downhill.

I came with three friends at around 10 for a late late dinner, only one other table (of 87 college girls with a jug of Carlo Rossi) was occupied. We got hummus and spanakopita to start, both were awesome. And I love saying spanakopita. The pita was hot and they replenished our basket without our having to ask.

I wanted to get moussaka but they were out (understandable at 10pm) so I ordered lamb souvlaki. The lamb itself was pretty good, a little tough, but tasty. But there wasn't much to it, not much tahini, and the rice and veggies weren't great. Generally disappointing. 

Once we got the check it took like 15 minutes to get the waitress to take it, which was frustrating. Oh well. I wonder if they do take-out spanakopita.
main subject: IF ANY OF YOU HAVE EVER WORKED IN OR KNOWN SOMEONE WHO WORKS IN THE FOOD INDUSTRY THERE IS NO WAY THAT YOU CAN RIGHTLY SUPPORT THIS BUSINESS. 

So, now that three of my friends have worked for this establishment and I have had to sit for hours listening to them cry over how terribly the owner runs the restaurant, I feel it is only fair to let the general public know how disgustingly undeserving this place is of your hard earned money. To summarize:

there is almost an entire new staff every few weeks because:
they are overworked and mistreated, talked down to, blamed for problems that fall directly under the owner's responsibilities, fired via text without reason, paid under the table, and generally treated like shit BY THE OWNER. The owner regularly messes up booking, does not order enough of or the right kind of food to prepare the meals on the menu, and then blames the wait staff when things start to go catastrophically wrong. 
 
The owned is a terrible business person and from what I can tell, a terrible human in general.  I'm absolutely positive she is driving this business into the ground, but I guess I just thought to share these small pieces of information with you because I was severely upset every time I had to find out about another messed up thing this woman was doing to her kind, hard working employees. 

There are countless amazing places to eat in Philadelphia, and this just is not one of them.
Came here on a Saturday night. Got the appetizer sampler- grape leaves were on point, hummus and tahini were amazing. Baba ganoush was good but def the weakest link of the group. 

I opted to go for the Greek salad with gyro. Very fresh and SO much food. I could barely finish it! 

There are rumors of free dessert but we didn't get any :(
I had a great experience and meal at Effie's last Friday!  We started off with a rough start when my son realized that he mistakenly made the reservation for four vs. the five in our party.  The hostess/owner took it in stride after our apology and hope that our son's post Temple graduation dinner would not be ruined.  She made a place at a round table upstairs which was perfect for conversation as well.  
We started with their fried calamari and zucchini.  The calamari was tender and the portion was generous.  They also served us a sizable basket of pita bread and olive oil to accompany the appetizers.  The zucchini was lightly fried and came with a creamy garlic sauce that was quite tasty.  
I ordered the grilled lamb chops, which came with four delicious chops and a fantastic spinach rice and salad.  We also had the grilled barrazano special, this was ordered with rice and grilled asparagus spears.  The fish was served whole and was very well done and the portions were large and well prepared. My son had the gyro plate which he allowed me to sample and was very good as well. 
The waiter brought us a free desert of a sweet cream filled philo delight to finish a great dinner! We had a wonderful experience and some tasty leftovers to remember Effie's by.
Cozy, low-key, good value.  If you like Kanella, Effie's is that without the pricey pomp and circumstance.   Similar interior with simple wooden tables and chairs with walls reminiscent of a Greek hostel. 

Huge salads! Veggie-lovers take note.  The main dishes offered the perfect balance of spice, vinegar, lemon, and oils.

The back room, where we sat, is a perfect hideaway meeting good friends or a rowdy group to dish of gossip as they share dishes of Mediterranean deliciousness.
This place is a great neighborhood restaurant with character, awesome food, friendly service, and very reasonable prices. If you want Greek but don't want to dress up and pay Estia prices, GO HERE! 

The food is delicious and there are some great ethnic staples on the menu. The place is also small so it gets a little crowded and loud on popular nights, but it's nothing to complain about. My only qualm was once when I sat in the back room in the winter it was cold because they kept opening the door. 

I can't wait until summer to come here and eat outside!
Effie's is an adorable Greek restaurant with a lovely staff.  I have been here many times, it is BYOB, and the food is always good.  

But this review is special because a few weeks ago Effie's hosted an amazing dinner party for a large group of my friends.  We were allowed to reserve the entire carriage house behind the restaurant (this space holds 20 people) without any rental fee.  We worked directly with the owners of Effie's and they were more than helpful.  The owners allowed us to come early and decorate the space and set up a wine area on the small bar (they even let us bring a cooler to keep the white wine cold).  We took pictures in the garden/patio area and then moved into the carriage house for dinner.  All the guests ordered off the menu and the food was fantastic!  Service was perfection!!  All and all we were there for 3 hours on a Saturday evening... couldn't have been happier!
Went here for a cousin'a 40th dinner. Loved it! Hospitality was great. Treated us like family. Food? To die for! I got the lamb special. Fell right off the bone. Tasty too! My other guest got things on the menu. Both are picky eaters and both loved their dishes. They even brought out a birthday dessert made with cheese and filo dough. Delicious! Highly recommend if you're looking for a small intimate dinner or date spot! BYOB too!
Last week our dinner party ended up growing larger than our intended restaurant could accommodate. A few hours before and nowhere to eat, one of my friends suggested this place.

I will admit that I was skeptical at first. I am not too familiar with greek food and when I do thinks about it, the first things that usually come to mind are yogurt and olives. Well this place has totally changed my perspective.

The 8 of us were seated in the back room that you had to pass through a garden patio type area to get to. Super cute! We brought our own wine and were given the perfect amount of time to have a glass or two while looking over the menu (beautiful prices to go w/ the selection). 

We all shared 2 appetizer trays that were gone in the matter of minutes - not because of the limited amount, but because of the delicious taste. You know its good when you are not shy about being pushy for the little bit that is left ("did anyone want this last bit?" you ask, as you scoop it onto your plate without making eye contact with anyone)

The entrees were just as good. I asked for my leftovers to be wrapped, actually remembered to bring them with me as I left, did not throw them out or give them to a homeless person while walking to the car, put it in the fridge at home and heated it up the next day. Now THAT is a success story!
A friend and I came in for dinner around 8:40 pm - they're open until 11 so we figured it was no big deal. We were seated and had to wait way longer than usual for menus, water, etc. 

Our waitress was extremely rude. Never introduced herself, basically threw down our plates and walked away, never checked on us, etc. 

The food itself was okay, really middle of the road. 3 appetizers ran us about $50, and then we decided we wanted some dessert. We had most of our bottle of wine left so we thought a little something sweet would be great. 

Once the waitress saw we were done with our food, she walked by and threw the check on our table. She came back about 10 minutes later and exclaimed "is this done?" We responded that we'd like some dessert to which she started yelling "they're done. It's done, all done" - what's done? She told us the kitchen was closed. It wasn't even 10 pm, and the restaurant closes at 11. We were confused, but accepted and paid our bill. 

We sat there finishing our wine and watched as the waitress let the table next to us (who sat down 30 minutes later than we did) order and enjoy dessert. Not sure why we were discriminated against, but I would absolutely not recommend this place, nor will I be back. Oh, also, we ate outside and a mouse was literally burrowing next to us. No thanks.
so i've been hearing about effie's since i moved to philly...one of my friends adores it.
and yes, it was quite tasty!
i had the gyro platter...and the meat was cooked to perfection.  the pita bread that comes with your food is also really good.  and since i adore beets, the side dish was excellent as well.
definitely a little chilly in the back, but the waiter was uber-responsive.

other than my cab getting into an accident on the way home (no one was hurt), it was a good meal, and i'd definitely go back.
Effie's is a very lovely Greek BYOB. After coming back recently from a trip to Greece, I was looking forward to authentic home-cooked Greek food, and I was pleasantly surprised by Effie's!

You get a complimentary basket of warm pita with olive oil/balsamic vinegar. The hummus trio was very good, but my favorite appetizer was the saganaki, flaming greek cheese, which was perfectly fried and flavorful. For my entree, I got the lamb gyro sandwich, which sadly was a little bit of a disappointment. There was plenty of meat, which was fantastic, but the gyro meat was a bit overdone and too crispy. I've also had the Mousaka and the Thessaloniki before, which were very good. 

While the food is pretty good, my favorite thing about this place is it's ambience. It is small, cozy, and homey, and it feels like you are being served out of someone's home kitchen! I would recommend making a reservation during peak dinner hours on the weekend, especially if you have a large party, as the seating is quite limited.
Dined here on a beautiful September Saturday night. Effie's was doing a brisk business and had outdoor tables both in their courtyard and on the sidewalk on Quince street. Tables were a good distance apart. There was hand sanitizer on each table. Servers wore masks and used gloves.

I ordered the Chicken Souvlaki Plate with Tzatziki, rice and vegetable of the day. It was very good and the chicken was grilled nicely. My dining partners had the Octopus and the Grilled Lamb Chops. I had some of the lamb and it was quite good, with very tasty seasoning.

Service was friendly and attentive all night.
I walked past this place a year and a half ago and fell in love with how cute the back garden looked!! We finally made it here as a date night request for my 25th birthday weekend! It's BYOB and cash-only so prepare for that, we almost forgot!

We came super early so we were the only ones seated at 5pm in the back garden, but we didn't mind, it was so pretty and peaceful. It's a very authentic place and the garden is gorgeous for a date I really love it.

They started us with warm pita with olive oil & vinegar, and we started with the spanakopita. The spanakopita was hot and tasted really fresh, dough was flaky and was crisped on one side - not oily! Everything I hoped for.

Next we shared the moussaka and the lamb gyro, both of which were unbelievable, we enjoyed every bite of it! Pretty large portions so we had leftovers to take home and I fully plan on finishing them later. 

They finished our meal with a complimentary flaky dessert that was the perfect ending to our meal, I have no idea what it was called but I left pictures! Delishhh. Overall - lovely experience, very intimate and amazing authentic food! We will be back in a hurry, this time with some vino to top it all off.
MMMM delicious. The hummus is great! I had a lamb special that was ohh sooo tender. Octopus salad is light and fresh. Chicken pot pie was amazing as well. They even gave us free dessert that was flakey and delicious. Good service. Seating is a little crammed, but I don't mind it.
They always will try to accommodate you and I've never had a bad meal here.
Always get the lamb entree if there is one. The lamb chops or lamb entree is amazingggg.
Also, BYO.
A charming BYO tucked away on Antique Row, Effie's serves delicious, authentic Greek food in a cozy atmosphere. It's one of the few places where I'll actually order lamb; the lamb is prepared so well that the tastiness outweighs my guilt over eating it. Save room for dessert, especially gooey, flakey, amazing baklava. Effie's is a great date place, especially in the summer when you can sit in the courtyard. Don't forget to pick up a bottle of wine to enjoy with your meal.
I can't believe I forgot to write this review! I came to Effie's about a month ago (see my uploaded pictures) and had a great first experience.  Really 3.5 stars, so I will  round up.

The place is tiny, like someone's living room of their house, but it's cute that way and certainly keeps the prices reasonable.   It's BYOB so we brought several bottles of beer. (No wine that night!)  the server brought us several buckets of ice to keep the beers cold. 

Service was good, she was attentive until the very end when it took a long while for her to run our credit cards. But the food came out quick, so no complaints there. We did ask our server a few questions about the menu and she seemed a little confused, like she didn't know the menu very well. But overall could answer us and make a recommendation. 

The food was delicious, which is why this review gets 4 stars. We had: 
- Sampler appetizer: tzatziki, hummus, meletzanosalata, olives, feta, dolmades.  Hummus was delicious and so were the grape leaves. 
- A fish from the specials menu, forgot the name, but similar to Branzino, served as a whole fish, head and all!  I peeled back the skin and went to town, the fish meat was cooked perfectly and very delicious.
- Grilled Salmon- this was really good, but the best part was the crispy crunchy bottom layer, added a nice texture to the dish.
- Lamb shank (specials menu again): Probably the best lamb I've ever had.  it was attached to the bone, but fell right off it was so tender.  Absolutely delicious, and large portion size!
- Effie's Chicken, I didn't try this, but my friend said it was very good. 
- Green Beans side dish was amazing.  I don't know how they cook them this good but they were yummy.

Overall great experience.  I would come back.  Its nice you don't have to wait for a table since they aren't crowded.  However, I do like D'mitris better for the atmosphere and prices.  But the BYOB here is nice!
Dear Effie's-

You sold out. You more than doubled the price of every single one of your dishes... nearly tripled some. You got rid of some of your most unique and refreshing dishes. Your staff doesn't have the same charm. Your food isn't even as good anymore. I used to die for Lamb Lemonato, now I'm extremely disappointed in how flavorless it is. You aren't worth it anymore. You're awkward and shabby. I used to swear by you and now I'm just sad. Your Meze platter is nothing like what it used to offer. I'm so disappointed, and I've said my farewells.

-Autumn, Most loyal regular, January 2008 - April 2011.
Previous reviews claiming "being rude to your customers is not a good business model," hit the nail on the head. We came here upon good reviews about the food (despite complaints online about service) to check it out. 

We couldn't sit out back because they were crowded, no big deal. 

We are walked to the "inside seating" (picture 6-8 people sitting on each other's laps trying to hear over each other's conversations) and left alone by the waiter. 

He comes back maybe 5 minutes later to hand us glasses of water (over the people sitting next to/on top of us) and leaves again.

Then we wait. First for five minutes. Then for 10....

Now 20. 

20 minutes go by. Literally 20 clock minutes go by and nobody says a damn word to us. Not a glance. Not a hand signal. No eye contact.

So we left. And went to Mixto next door where the service and the food were fantastic. 

Sorry Effie's, but that sucked. The food sounded great though.
We just went to Effie's for dinner last night, based mainly on the Yelp reviews.  Once again, the reviews were spot on!  Our meal was lovely.  It was a beautiful evening, so we chose to sit outside.  Although Effie's has a Pine Street address, the entrance to the restaurant is on Quince St., as are the outdoor tables.  It makes for a slightly more private dining experience, though as others have remarked, it does make for good people watching, as you can watch the Pine St. foot traffic. 

We started with an appetizer of imported feta and kalamata olives.  This feta was insanely soft and delicately balanced.  I've had Greek feta that was much saltier--this feta was just right, without any of the briny flavor (which does have its time and place!)  The olives were nice and fruity, but nothing remarkable.  Our next appetizer was the grilled octopus.  These little chunks of octopus were grilled and crunchy on the outside, with a softer, chewier center.  The spice mixture was just right.

For an entree, we shared the lamb souvlaki and a side of the garlic beets.  Mmmmm.  The lamb was cooked perfectly, and was accompanied by a delightful tzatziki, some yummy peas cooked in a tomato sauce (both the boy and I commend on the fact that we don't love peas, but this was a hit), and a bit of rice.  The lamb really did melt in my mouth.  The beets we had were a bit on the sweet side, but several pieces did provide a nice kick of garlic.

All in all, it was a great meal.  The service was pretty quick and our server was very genial and entertaining.  The only real gripe I have is that there were a few flies congregated around as we tried to eat our meal.  We kept having to wave them away, which bothered me more than it did my dining companion.  I suppose that's a hazard of dining outdoors!
Decent food. Had the braised lamb- got very little lamb and a lot of rice which was a bummer. The other entrees were good- chicken, eggplant etc

Because the weather was wild this weekend- we ate outside and it was so warm and such a cute little setting. Christmas lights everywhere, super nice. The service was good too- attentive waitress who let us know she was serving 50+ people.. So must be good if so packed!
I liked Effie's very much - it makes for quite an enjoyable summer evening out with friends or perfect for a sweet romantic date.  I had dinner with two girlfriends - we sat in the courtyard outside and it was so charming.  You're outside but unlike other outdoor dining venues you're removed from the street, which is very nice.  The greek/mediterranean fare is good - a friend had a delicious-looking greek salad.  I had a simple, fresh tilapia filet which came with rice and a green bean sun-dried tomato side, which I couldn't figure out where the sun-dried tomatoes were but it was still good.  The tzaziki was good, as well as the hummus.  Effie's is very reasonable, and the ambiance is awesome.
BYO with good prices, and a fairly nice secluded patio.  The medley appetizer is fantastic.  We'll be going back again soon for sure.

Zagat says no credit cards but they took VISA when we visited in the fall.
I've walked past Effie's numerous times without noticing it and after dining here I understood why. It's a tiny little place that looks more like a house than a restaurant, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. When we arrived Saturday night the entrance was full of people waiting. Upon checking in we were informed they were running behind and our table was not yet ready, but we could take a high-top across from the kitchen. We accepted since we were very hungry, but as the meal progressed we realized we should have waited for a real table. 

Our waitresses arrived and offered to open our wine, but strangely informed us that all the glasses were being washed. So we ordered and awkwardly sat staring at our open bottle. To start we split the meletzansalato (baba ganoush) and asked for a side of roasted red peppers. To our surprise, they didn't have any, which I thought was very strange for a Greek restaurant. We then asked for feta, which ended up being an excellent choice because it was absolutely delicious! The pita was delicious too, possibly homemade? Oh, but still no wine glasses. We had to ask the waitress for a container to keep the wine chilled, which she probably should have brought automatically. It wasn't until about 30 mins + of dining that we finally received our "special" glasses. By that point we had already sat through the chef (possibly the grandmother) yelling at the waitresses (granddaughters?). It was clear this was a family business, but not in a good way. 

For an entree I had the Armonia, which was a seafood blend mixed with orzo pasta. The portion was extremely large so I felt like I got my money's worth. I just found the sauce to be a little too thin. Otherwise, I enjoyed eating it. My friend also enjoyed her Effie's chicken dish.

When it came time for the bill, there was an error that the waitress had no problem correcting. However, we had to sit around another 10-15 minutes and watch her pace back and forth around the restaurant before it was corrected. The whole meal was very awkward. The food was good, but I didn't find anything to be particularly special so I will probably not return.
TIP: Now accepts credit cards!

I went to Effie's not expected much. I lived close to the location before and would always pass it. Never did I think of dining here. I went for a special occasion tonight and got what I expected. It's a friendly family owned BYO but the food is so-so. I got the special, vegetarian stuffed peppers, and thought it was a bit tasteless. I added some salt and enjoyed it better. I tired a friend's mashed eggplant app and thought the same thing-- needed more flavor. I wouldn't pick to come back here again. It's just not my thing.
Got a last minute reservation for a group of 7 on a summer Saturday night.  We were seated in the back "carriage house".  I use quotations because it honestly felt like tables were set up in a shed.  However, I get that the restaurant is microscopic and they are utilizing space.  

Upon arriving, we had to ask, multiple times, for some ice for our beers/wine.  We had walked 10+ blocks and our beverages were nearly boiling.  After getting settled, we decided to create our own Greek "tapas" meal by ordering a bunch of specials, appetizers, side dishes, and main courses to share.  We thought it was a fabulous idea as none of us were too hungry on such a hot night.  

Well, the waitress was NOT a fan of us doing this.  We were met with an attitude like you couldn't believe.  OK, I totally get that if a table of 7 doesn't order a ton of stuff it is disappointing to a server.  But to make that obviously known to your guests?  Disgusting.  Go in the kitchen and make a stank face, if you are so inclined.

There are a ton of BYOBs in the city and honestly, I don't see myself visiting this one again.  Being rude to your customers is never a good business plan.
I used to eat here at least twice a month when I lived at 9th and pine, though college and a few years after.

Even when I was a poor student I would always save for dinners here.   

BYOB.. which is great.. wish we had them in portland... Make sure to bring a bottle, although if you forget and  ask nicely, Effie will usually give you a few glasses from her private stash

I was in philly for family visit last week and had one night.. so of course it's effies.

we literally ordered one of everything and loved it all.

While I have no desire to rejoin the rat race that is Philly and the East Coast... I truly miss Effie and her little oasis of Goodness.

Efkharisto.
Made a reservation and was sat in a room in the back yard, very cozy and romantic.
The service was attentive and warm, the place is charming as a family-run type of place.
The food was great, we ordered the fish and it was perfectly made and seasoned. The greek salad (we requested no lettuce so it's more veggies and actually more athentic) and it was really great, the appetizer platter was also good. This is a BYOB so be sure to bring a good bottle of wine with you.
We will definitely come back again!
Food was excellent, service was top notch. Couldn't have asked for a better dinner. Staff was attentive and very friendly.
Although we were thrilled with our seating in an small building behind the restaurant with the doors wide open in February, we were thrilled with the food that we were served. The beet salad, zucchini chips and seafood appetizers were all delicious. The lamp chops were cooked perfectly and the Effie's chicken was also a great entree choice.   Would definitely come back but in warmer weather!
Eff this place. Go to Kanella instead.

In short, there's just no reason to go to Effie's.  Kanella, also BYO, is just 2 blocks away and is serving Greek food that is more innovative, better-prepared, and comparably priced.

At Effie's I had the lamb souvlaki platter, which had dry, flavorless and overcooked meat.  I asked for double vegetables instead of rice, which I didn't get, but one serving of the over-steamed and tasteless veggies was enough anyway.

There's just no reason to pay $20 for an uninspired and mediocre souvlaki that you could expect to get better in a diner for half the price.  Not when Kanella is doing such a better job just blocks away.
Excellent service for our large group and authentic Greek cuisine. Highly recommend the lamb and fish.
If one word could describe everything about Effie's - from the food, to the customer service - it would be: DISGUSTING.

For starters, when me and my girlfriend, both of us are noticably Hispanic, walked in, instead of being greeted by the hostess, a short-haired, young brunette, we were were simply stared at, as if our purpose for entering the restaurant was being questioned.

Then another hostess, who was much nicer, suggested that the hostess seat us in the "Carraige House," without asking us what we thought, our hostess simply insisted to the other, that we would be better off staying in the front section of the restaurant.  This was especially disturbing to us, because subsequently, every time a non-minority group of clients entered the restaurant, they were offered a seat in the Carraige House by the same hostess who insisted that it was not an option for us.

Now for the food.  We ordered the Mykonos Burger.  Having ordered the burgers, our waitress never thought to ask us how we wanted them cooked, and what resulted was a disaster.  An hour after ordering our meal, the burgers arrived, obviously rare. Whenever I eat at a restaurant, I believe in finishing at least half of the main course, out of respect for the chef, and the starving people of Chad (ha!). For the first time in my life, I could honestly say that the small bite I took was more than I could stomach.  Rare wasn't even the word to describe the way this burger, because to say it was cooked rare would be to say that it was cooked in a precise manner, with some level of culinary skill. No, this burger was terribly undercooked.  That's not to mention the fact that it was terribly overpriced.

So if you're looking for a great Greek restaurant. avoid Effie's. If you're looking for delicious bite to eat in a relaxed atmosphere, avoid Effie's.  If every other restaurant in Philadelphia is closed, by some unforseen act of God, and you are desperate for something to eat, forget Effie's, you would be better off grabbing a couple of Sim Jim's from WaWa.  Effie's is an overpriced purveyor of awful food, with customer service that makes you wish that you were waiting in line at the DMV.
If it wasn't for the service, I would've happily rated 5 stars. Came here for a friend's 22nd birthday and right when we sat down were suspected of having fake Id's because we brought our own bottle of wine ( the place is BYOB). 

The food though was spectacular. The beet salad and friend calamari are PHENOMENAL!!! I chowed down like I hadn't eaten in months and the waitress was surprised that we were ready for our entrees in about 5 minutes.

The entrees- you can't go wrong. Highly recommend the chicken sandwich Or honey glazed salmon!!!! So flavorful and delicate at the same time- they both melt in your mouth. 

Oh and the bread they serve you in the beginning- I really couldn't tell you what they put in that bread, but if I had that bread at home, I'd definitely be 300 pounds overweight. I definitely had about 30 pitas total because we kept ordering more!!!

To top it off, a surprise desert at the end from the waitress was spectacular. It had this coffee and Carmel flavoring and looked too good to eat. I skipped the fork and knife and used my fingers - best decision ever! Will definitely go back with an older crowd to skip the interrogation about age lol
Not a place worth trying. Had heard some hype about his being a great neighborhood greek restaurant. The place has no character in the decor, very congested,  and the food was just awful. This would have been a single star, if the waitress wouldn't have comped us for an entree, looking at our reaction to the food. 
It's a BYOB, but please have some wine glasses that are bigger than a couple of sips...
We had a really nice dinner here a few months back.  The ONLY downside was the size - it's a tiny place so don't plan on having any super private conversations.  The food was fantastic.
Great for a big group! Came here for a friend's birthday. We were seated outside in an outdoor patio space with cute lighting and lots of greenery. The table was super wobbly, though which made me nervous for our (several) bottles of wine. We ended up storing bottles on the ground. 

I ordered the braised lamb. They were very accommodating in that they let me sub out the side for something else. While the meat was really tender, it was heavy on the cinnamon. But what ruined it were the million whole peppercorns (or maybe cloves? I can't recall). I ended up picking around them. Everyone else loved their meals (most people got a chicken special). They also let us bring in a bday cake which was nice! Overall, solid place for a group but I'd order something different next time.
Very cute house and little back patio area (garden seating). Staff is limited but very accomodating. Food is alright, although I had wished my gyro had more texture foods in it (i.e. tomatoes and cucumbers). Overall, an okay experience.
Ordered dinner delivery for my roommates and I recently.  They said the order would take 30-45 minutes.  An hour later...no food.  We call...food is apparently on its way.  Half an hour after that...still no food.  We call again....the food has apparently left and is en route (same story as before).  Ten minutes after that the food arrives.  Cold.

Bottom line:  we ordered delivery.  An hour and forty minutes and two phone calls later we received cold food with not so much as an apology.
Went here for an enjoyable father's day dinner. We ate in the outdoor patio garden, very nice. We were seated right away and they opened our bottle of wine (they're a BYOB) and brought us wine glasses immediately. 

We started with the Mussels Saginaki, very good. Mussels are out of the shell and the broth with some peppers in it is excellent. Next was the fried feta appetizer, with some tomato, pepper, and olive oil, excellent as well. 

For the entrees I had the lamb Souvlaki, which was a bit of a disappointment. The lamb was tough and chewy. They saved themselves a 2 star rating since the string beans were excellent, the appetizers were excellent, and the other 2 entrees were good. The baklava was ok, nothing special. All in all worth a visit
We had a private event for about 20-22 diners in the back room at Effie's and it was handled beautifully.

We had many vegetarian restrictions so the following dishes were served, family style:

Spanikopita (delicious!)
Tyropita
A large mixed plate with hummus, baba, feta, olives, peppers and dolmades (awesome domlades by the way)
Chopped Cucumbers & Tomatoes in oil & vinegar
Penne with Onions, Kalamata Olives and Onion in tomato sauce.

The food was wonderful and the 2 ladies serving worked their butts off.  Wer had an amazingly good time. (And the good weather helped.)

The outdoor courtyward is a fun place to eat as well.

I can't wait to come back and have some lamb chops!

Great job, Effie's!
Quite possibly the first time I didn't even eat half my meal. Totally bland and tasteless.

First up was the lemon chicken soup. If you sold this to me as chicken soup, it would have been fine. But the taste of lemon was barely there. 

A friend of ours ordered the grilled octopus. No seasonings whatsoever! It came with olives and a pretty tasteless oil. 

The hummus was pretty flavorless too, except for the strong taste of garlic.

My stuffed chicken was...eeks. I ate about one piece of chicken, and I started picking at all the spinach and feta inside. The chicken was SUPER DRY and FLAVORLESS. I can do one or the other, but not both. My $16 entree was essentially spinach and feta, rice, and green beans in a tomato sauce.

My husband's gyro platter was pretty good, but that was the first time I've eaten gyro. He did say that while it was pretty good, he's had better.

This place advertises being "group friendly" on their website. We were a party of 8 seated at a TINY table with barely any elbow room. I was rubbing knees with the two people on either side of me. Not comfortable at all. Add 8 entrees, appetizers, and drinks to the mix, and well...none of us were able to relax.

Zorba's Taverna in Fairmount has waaaay better food for about the same price. Go there instead!
One of the best Greek places in Philly.  Good food, good service.  This BYO is affordable and delicious.  Highly recommended.
Ehhh...Effie's is nice...but it as hard for me to keep track of the individual dishes since many of them were not super memorable. We came here as a group and were offered the really nice private dining spot in the back. Our meal included three types of hummus, Greek salad, spanakopita, and I got the moussaka and fried fish. I thought the hummus selection was interesting and was delighted that some were slightly spicy and offered a good kick, however, they were a bit too dense for my taste. The salad was decent, but certainly very fresh. I really did not enjoy the spanakopita primarily because the wrapping had a weird, bad water taste that I couldn't get rid of. The fried fish was really good, although I think less fried would have made it perfect. The tail was crispy and the head thoroughly cooked through. The moussaka is a monstrous beast, although I think the size was more impressive than its complexity. That being said, it was still very good and filling. 

At the end of the day, everything was good, but nothing stood out. So, solid 3 stars all around.
This place is romantic, homey, and welcoming. I would give 5 stars for atmosphere--it's a quality place for a date or a nice dinner with friends. I had the feeling that I was actually in Greece in some ridiculously talented chef's backyard...

Everything is reasonably priced, and DELICIOUS.
Really great food and the prices aren't bad!! The best way I've done their food is to order a bunch of things off their menu and split! That way you can sample everything! The environment is really cute too- make sure you sit outside! A little hidden gem in Philadelphia :)
Effie's is one of the cheapest BYOB's in the city. Rather than serving elegant, $30 entrees, it helps to fill the need for affordable neighborhood restaurants in Philadelphia. Entrees average $10-15, with daily specials costing around $20-25. We regularly went here, especially in the summer, to share an appetizer plate (about $15) and a few beers or glasses of wine. When it's hot, and you don't feel like eating a big meal, this is the perfect amount of food, and the perfect place to eat it. 

If you're looking for something more, I recommend the daily fish specials, especially if they offer salmon. Effie's other great achievement is the grilled octopus. I never thought I'd eat anything with tentacles, and Effie's converted me. It's lightly charred, and dressed with olive oil and lemon juice. Perfect with that appetizer plate. Oh -- and service is always good.

Smallish groups are welcome, and mild rowdiness is tolerated with surprising good humor. I had my bachelorette party here, as well as celebrations for 30th birthdays, graduations and engagements. This isn't to say that Effie's is noisy - just friendly and unpretentious.
This was a really good last minute place for dinner. I've been walking past Effie's for months now and never ended up going until this past Friday night. The patio out back is really cute and magical looking with ivy and twinkly lights. For dinner we ordered the appetizer assortment which came with hummus, tzazki, Greek olives, grape leaves, feta, and of course warm pita bread. For dinner we had the lamb soulvaki and the seafood and orzo bowl (I forget what it was called). The vegetables that came with the soulvaki were really delicious and so was the lamb and sauce that came with it. It reminded me of a steak with bernaise sauce. The orzo came with shrimp,
Mussels and calamari in a red sauce. The calamari was cooked perfectly. Overall definitely a good place for yummy Greek food, in a non-fancy setting. The service was a little spotty, but I think that can be overlooked with the prices Effie's charges and the fact that they're a BYOB. Also they give you complementary dessert!

The weather was perfect and the Mediterranean food was a lovely compliment to it. I'll be back again the next time I'm craving some Mediterranean food!
This is the best and most authentic Greek food we have ever had in the city. Everything is like your grandmother made. We finished our plates with everything. Loved the zucchini chips, grilled feta, Greek salad, mousaka and the Greek lasagna that was that days special. Plus you get baklava on the house! SOOOO good!
The ladyfriend & I have been to Effie's twice now, the last time being Valentine's Day. Hey yo, it's an awesome little restaurant. The first time we went, we sat out on the patio, which is fantastical when it's nice out. It's outside, but there's a wall separating you from the street. Valentine's Day we were able to get into the carriage house, which is even more cozy than the outside patio on a summer night. It's just asking you to make out with your date. Politely.

The food is Greek and the food is whatever the Greek word for awesome is. Valentine's Day, had some amazing salmon and the ladyfriend had some oooohhh whitefish. 

As a date place, I'd be hard pressed to find a better one.
Disclaimer: I'm Greek, so I am biased, but also very selective about my Greek food. Effie's is hands-down the best Greek food I've found in Philly (Estia is a very, very distant second). I'm a fan of their chill, casual vibe and their lamb kokkinisto (lamb stewed for hours in a hearty tomato sauce). There's a small, intimate dining area near the front of the restaurant, plus an outdoor garden and another seating area in the back for larger groups (note: this area can get rowdy), plus an upstairs space. It's cute, it's tasty, it's reasonably priced. That works for me!
The ambience and the food together made it pretty okay. So make sure to sit outside if the weather is nice.
My favorite Greek spot in Philly. Staff is very friendly and the food is fantastic, never had a bad experience! The dining patio outback is indoors, but has a great rustic ambiance. The lamb souvlaki plate is delicious, the meat is so tender and delicious. My friend had the mousaka, which is kind of like a Greek lasagna. Very interesting flavors, wouldn't have wanted a whole entree for myself but it was nice to have a taste. I've taken my parents here for a casual bite to eat and the gyros are, of course, spectacular. The pita is perfectly warm and soft. If you're debating the baklava, you'll regret passing it up. Needless to say, I definitely recommend Effie's! (And BYOB, what more could you want?)
Been here 3 times. Truly amazing and delicious authentic medditeranean food.  Good and attentive service, made me feel like family. The muscles and charcoal octopus are my favorite. Love coming here.
As a Greek (American) I often have friends who visiting who request we go out for Greek food.  I never hesitate to take them to Effie's.  

Effie serves all her Greek food traditional with a bit of a twist--all the flavors I want along with something interesting and unexpected; for example: feta pastichio or greek mac & cheese.  

It has an adorable atmosphere perfect for a party, a date or an intimate dinner with friends (I've done all the above at Effie's).  Come during the summer and sit outside or in the carriage house.  It's lovely. 

Effie's also now has brunch... which is delicious!! Eggs and gyro are an excellent combination!
We were pleasantly surprised with Effie's!  It was a second choice for the night because our first choice was too busy, but I am glad we ended up at Effie's.  We sat outside in the back garden area which was super cute!  Our food was great and of course BYO makes it awesome too.  The only thing was that we ended up having a ton of leftovers after our waitress pushed us to order more food since she thought we didn't order enough.  That wasn't a huge issue though.  Overall we had a great experience and I would definitely go back!

This is one of Philly's higgen gems!
Great Octopus. Lamb shank was killer.  Bronzino was perfect.
I love this restaurant!  Great atmosphere, tons of outdoor seating with beautiful lights and plants.  The service is wonderful, and the restaurant really has a small-town, family feel.  The food is incredibly authentic and delicious.  Plus, BYO is always a plus.  Great spot for a date or make a reservation for a larger group dinner.  FIVE STARS!
Very friendly and family run environment.
Food consistently excellent. Great Greek salad and grilled octopus. Best grilled whole dorado fish in town! Lamb outstanding! BYOB always a plus for  your taste and the check. Prices reasonably on the lower side.
My family and my sister's in-laws came here for Mother's Day with a party of 9. We were seated in the carriage house in the back, which was adorable, private, homey, casual. I really felt transported to a Greek hostel from the ambience and decor! BYOB and good for large parties.

Our waitress was very sweet but the special menu of the day had inaccurately noted which dishes came with sides and she was very unclear about which entrees provided the option of switching sides out for different ones. We were a bit bummed about this because the normal sides aren't that good--rice and string beans--while the beets and the lemon potatoes were fantastic. 

In general, the appetizers were better than the entrees. We tried the meletzanosalata (eggplant dip), fried calamari, grilled feta, and saganaki cheese. Skip the grilled feta, but the rest were great, especially the eggplant and the saganaki. Obsessed.

I ordered the Shrimp Santorini, which came in a huge portion and was warm, saucy, and satisfying. My sister ordered the lamb souvlaki plate, and I really enjoyed that as well. We indulged quite a bit and I think we had some special options due to the holiday so our meal overall was not inexpensive, but entrees are generally $15-20.
This place is BYOB, and really cute! When you walk in, you literally feel like you are walking into somebody's kitchen. Which make sense, because there is a partial open kitchen. The space is really small, but if you go into the back (walk outside through a tiny courtyard), there is a back room. Very intimate and romantic setting, and much less frantic.

My group ordered an appetizer platter to share with all the traditional Greek apps, and I ordered the moussaka as my main. It was tasty, and I ate most of it. The best surprise was the baklava dessert on the house. I thought I had no more stomach space, but there is always room for dessert. Yum!

This is a Greek comfort / family food place. Maybe I'm spoiled by a trip to Greece a few years ago, but nothing here really shouts oompa! I feel a really well done gyro can impress me more!
Disappointing. 

We came here a few weeks back with a big group (9 of us) for a friend's birthday and we were so excited! Effie's is a BYO and we thought there couldn't be a better way to celebrate a birthday with a few bottles of wine, Greek food, and cake (we brought our own)! 

However, the whole experience was just disappointing. We called several days ahead and made sure that they had our reservation and that we could bring our own cake. Everything seemed ready to go. However, when we got there, we still ended up having to wait outside for about 20-25 minutes. I think the wait would have been better if we could have been inside, but with our group we couldn't all fit. It was a rainy, chilly night, so waiting outside was unpleasant. 

Once they were able to seat us in the back garage area, it took about 20 more minutes for our waitress to come with water and a bottle opener (they only have one or two bottle openers, we ended up having to share with the tables around us). So the night was already off to a rough start. 

We were able to order several apps to the table and though it took probably another 20 minutes, the food was pretty tasty. The pita was the most enjoyable part. It was warm and felt light and fresh. I think I ate one basket by myself. 

We ordered our dinner, which took another an hour to come to the table. (I'm not sure if that was meant to be part of the experience? Maybe it is meant to be a sit back, enjoy your wine, and relax, but it just came off as slow and frustrating.) The food, again, was good, but in my mind not worth the wait or the cost... 

I'm glad they let us bring our own cake, but the waitress brought the cake to the table when several of the group members went to the bathroom. Awkward and terrible timing, I felt bad for the birthday girl. 

I think if I come back, I'll try to do it with a much smaller group!!
I used to live in the hood, and I will really miss this place. Their food is so fresh and the staff is super friendly. The cute long-haired waiter offered me a shot of ouzo while I waited for takeout and the chef/cook? gave me free tzaziki because I had to wait a little longer than anticipated.
the only redeemable thing about the entire meal was a fried calamari appetizer,  it was tender and not chewy at all.
i ate here once 10 years ago and remembered it being really good ----
did i drastically change since then, or was it you effie's ?

`triple yuk yuk yuk!!!
i can definitely say the server was sweet and nice, but the food was gross! soggy rice. over cooked everything. old canned or frozen vegetables. flavorless lack of care and totally slopped together.

we coudn't and didn't eat what we ordered, we just left...feeling 
bad.
bad day effie's? 
how can a restaurant with so much neighborhood acclaim and history let down so fully and greatly?
waste of time and money.
what happened?
