Not sure how this place has so many high ratings when my experience here was horrible. 

Came in with my boyfriend to grab breakfast since he said its a new spot that just opened up near him. 

We came in and weren't even acknowledged by the staff, so we just stood in the line waiting to order. It took them some time to actually ask us what we wanted, to me this was a bad start! 

So we ended up ordering the farmers breakfast, which was eggs, toast, and potatoes, my boyfriend ordered the french toast. I also ordered a peach tea. 

It took so long for the food to come out, and when it did, only half of our order came out, which was cold, so we shared it until the other plate came out, which took even longer.

When it comes to the egg platter, it was cold, and when i went to eat the toast i bit down on waxy paper, which appeared to be the paper that is on the butter, smh! it was the worse! and when my boyfriend was trying my iced tea he sipped up plastic! It was from the tea bag--  we think anyway... 

So after we picked at the one plate and were annoyed, we sat and still waited for the other plate to come out, it finally did but was missing the bacon! SMH The worse experience ever! 

Other people who were in there, looked like they were having issues as well and I heard a few other people complaining about their experience. 

I wouldn't come here again!
I've tried Eggcellent Cafe twice now. Once we ordered from the counter and ate at their only table outside on the sidewalk, and today we ordered Caviar delivery. Both times the food was incredible. I can't believe how many different menu items they have! So many options of different egg sandwiches, eggs Benedict, egg platters, egg burritos, and egg toasts. 

The first time I ordered the green goddess which is an egg sandwich with tons of arugula and avocado. It was massive and soooo delicious! 

Today I ordered the salmon lox bagel with egg, avocado, tomato, and cream cheese. It was amazing!! Very messy, but worth it. My husband got a fried chicken eggs Benedict with potatoes and it was delicious too!!

The portion sizes are very big and the sandwiches are massive. I could eat here so many more times and order a new thing each time. Highly recommended, I will be back!
Came here at 8am on Saturday morning on our way to New York and so glad we did!! I wanted everything on the menu... settled for the Angry Pig omelet which did not disappoint. I had to eat in two sittings due to portion size. The ham and sausage was amazing... the omelet was nice and fluffy with just the right amount of sauce and cheese (not smothered). The home fries were crispy and flavorful. 

The hojicha latte (i got it iced with oat milk) was delicious but on the sweet side. Overall loved this place!!

Covid: there are a few tables and chairs if you want to sit outside but takeout was fine. Options to call ahead or order online for pickup.
You couldn't find a place more up my alley than this. I looked for a breakfast place near my hotel, saw the name of this place, masked up and ran down. The menu was almost overwhelming to me in its sheer eggy options.  There are copious options in the categories of benedicts, skillets, burritos, bowls, omelettes... even burgers topped with eggs.  I was on the go for the day, and with Covid restrictions didn't really want to dine in anyway, so grabbed a Green goddess sandwich to go, which featured Scrambled eggs topped with nicely melted chihuahua cheese, avocado, greens and a basil pesto on multigrain toast, which was quite tasty, as was their coffee.
 
Service was a tiny bit slow, but I know that is understandable as places grapple with current conditions, and there did seem to be a number of delivery orders that needed to be prepared as well.  I enjoyed my breakfast, though I have to admit that grabbing a quicker and (slightly) healthier option slightly broke my heart (figuratively.  probably a better choice than most things on the menu for long term heart health!).  

While a quality Sammy to go, I suspect the true gold of this place is coming in, sitting down, and ordering a huge, sloppy bowl or benedict, and I hope to get the chance to come back and do that sometime.  Maybe I'll even be bold enough to try whatever the heck a "philly muffin" is.
I came here for lunch with my fiance and our experience was nothing short of amazing! The lady behind the counter was super nice and attentive to details of our orders. However, I noticed that she wasn't fully aware of the menu price, due to the cafe being one week old, it's understandable that the employee doesn't remember all the prices listed on the menu just yet. 

We both ordered breakfast menu, I ordered the Challah French Toast and my fiance had Sammie Sunrise. My french toast came out perfectly seasoned, the right amount of cinnamon sprinkles, powder sugars and fresh cut berries on top were perfect addition. The portions was perfect, I had a side of sausage to compliment the french toast. 

My fiance Sammie Sunrise was perfectly topped with bacon, hash brown, organic egg and challah bread. The portion on her sandwich was generous and flavorful. Additionally, we ordered plain sugar donut as well. Their donut had a perfect not so airy texture and not too much sugar glazed. We're very satisfied with what he had and definitely will come back for more!
Walking in, you can seat yourself. Grab a menu and order at the counter when you're ready. The place is nice, just wish it was cleaner. The tables weren't wiped down well and had old stains from the previous slob. 

I got the breakfast burrito with breakfast sausage and my friend got the eggs Benedict. I didn't get to taste the benedict but she stated it was really good.
The burrito I got was really good, I wish i got two. 

Some veggies, eggs, hashbrown and breakfast sausage in a tortilla can't be bad! The side sauce paired well with it!
We ordered take out due to covid19 and it was amazing. I ordered oatmeal, it came with fresh strawberries, you can tell it's homemade and it's delicious. To be compelled to write a review about oatmeal... it was really that good and also very cheap. My bf got a breakfast sandwich and our total was 17.00z we will be returning.
Food was amazing. Reasonable prices that make brunch, "brunch". Not oversized and over priced. It was just right.
- I recommend ordering ahead so pick up is easier.
- Outdoor seating only right now
- Mornings are busier :)
The food is 4 stars, the service 2, hence the 3 star review. If ordering from here I would highly recommend ordering ahead or getting delivery. 

So the food, most dishes are egg based (as the name might imply so eggspect that component to everything on the menu (ha). I tried the Benedict and really liked the Philly muffin/roll, there was way too much sauce. The Benedict as well as the arugula was drenched in the sauce so made the salad just really soggy. The breakfast spin on the Philly cheesesteak was pretty good. Like all dishes was topped by an egg and the usual Philly cheesesteak items. Unfortunately it was also topped with way too much hot sauce, which overpowered what could have been a really great sandwich. The fries were delicious and well done! 

Now the service...I understand that Sunday mornings are like the Super Bowl for brunch spots. I don't expect for service to be fast, however the time it took to get the food was beyond slow. We were initially quoted 35 minutes for the food. 45 minutes past, and then an hour. We probably watched nearly every delivery person come and go in that period of time. Additionally, we had ordered a latte, which clearly sat for quite a while because when they finally brought it out it was lukewarm at best. Someone apologized, but if you have to apologize for a cold latte and know that you messed up, why not just fix it? 

Again, The food is pretty good, however would not recommend eating there on a weekend or just calling in for carry out in advance.
Cute little brunch spot I had wanted to try out for some time! 

I had noticed that the few negative reviews for this place had mostly complained about being really slow over the weekend, so I was glad for an opportunity to visit during an off peak time. The ambiance was clean, cozy, and cute, with bright coordinated decor throughout. 

I appreciated the wide variety of options for a brunch menu, even though it definitely leaned more heavily on the number of savory than sweet options. I shared a benedict and a french toast with my friend and we really enjoyed both! The benedict was yummy but I think the sides were a bit sparse. The french toast was excellent and not overly sweet as well.

There were options for ordering through a QR code, but we were served at the table since it wasn't too busy, and the prices were very reasonable too. 

I'd definitely be open to visiting again to try more things on their menu!
I'm not sure we would have ever made it to Eggcellent in person since it's pretty far from our neighborhood, but it's now become a regular go-to in our COVID-19 takeout-and-delivery weekend brunch life.  The menu is large and varied (not everything features eggs!), and the several sandwiches we've ordered over the past few weeks have all been fresh, filling, and delicious.  The breakfast burrito in particular is a winner; we've decided the "secret ingredient" that makes it so good is the crispy hash brown stuffed in the middle.

The food is certainly 5 stars, but be forewarned that delivery fees are high ($5+) and delivery takes a very long time (we've never received our order in under an hour, no matter what time or day it is).  We've learned to plan ahead when we want Eggcellent/not wait until we're already hungry to place the order.  Hopefully one day soon the city will return to normal enough that we can finally visit in person!
Stumbled upon this place when I was looking for a quick brunch in the neighborhood.  AMAZING food!  I got the chorizo breakfast tacos -- 3 huge tacos loaded with egg, spicy salty ground chorizo, a sprinkle of cheese...  a pile of fresh cilantro, pico, and a drizzle of creamy lemon aioli balance out the salt in the meat.  Comes with a big side of roasted breakfast potatoes.  Come hungry!!!
Tried this place right before the pandemic and then just ordered takeout (they deliver!) recently and still love this place so much! First time I went, my friend had the breakfast burrito and I had one of the eggs bennedict dishes (I forget which one). This time we ordered an egg and cheese with sausage, the eggspanola, and the incredible lox.

Everything is very good, well seasoned, and fresh. There was so much lox in the lox sandwich, definitely good bang for your buck. 

Once it opens up again, definitely go for an in person visit. The cafe is super vibrant and cute!
My wife and I met my son and his girlfriend this morning at this place.  What a great place.  I had the chorizo breakfast tacos, my wife had an omelet and the kids had green goddess sandwiches.   Psssst - The hidden gem were the crispy potatoes.   

The place was packed and the phone was ringing off the hook, but we got our food pretty quickly.   It was worth the short wait. 

The tacos were the most flavorful breakfast tacos I have ever had and they did not skimp on the filling.  Just the right amount of spice to make my bald head sweat.
This early bird catches the worm!

How I ended up here is another (long) story, but I will say that I spent the good part of an hour walking around Philadelphia one brisk February, looking for any place not a "cafe" open when I was up and about.  My diversion to cafes comes from a need to have substantial meals constantly, so the lighter fares of these establishments is not up my alley.  With even the various shops of the Bourse closed this early, I trudged on, ironically coming closer to the hostel in which I was staying.  Eggcelent Cafe finally came on my radar as I returned to where I was staying, planning to show up empty-handed and start on another search, willing to settle this time around.  I will start by saying that I did not settle on absolutely anything with my order; granted, with tip it was close to $20.00 for my meal (a smoothie and a burrito), but it was a special occasion, and you would not have to get one item or the other, cutting your costs in half and making for a much more affordable meal.

Eggcelent Cafe establishment has a nice patio outside and the feel is modern and appealing inside; in various locations, the egg theme is definitely apparent, with chairs scattered throughout.  There are definitely a bunch of places and ways to sit, whether you want a cushioned seat or a high-top chair; this contributes to the homey feeling of the place even though the ceilings are quite high.  Their menu has a great deal of variety in every section, and you can tell some serious thought was put into the flavors.  Further, this place really does boast a large amount of customizability, something sought-after these days.  You can tell that they care about serving you really nutritious food, as the ingredients are listed under all of the menu items.

As I said above, I ended up getting a smoothie and a burrito (which I ordered to go, as I had to get back to my car).  The smoothie was fresh and flavorful, with all kinds of berries and definitely nice and thick, still fit for drinking.  To eat, I ordered as breakfast burrito, which had so much going on in it, I am still in shock at how wonderful it tasted; I am hugely against anything that is mushy, and with spinach in it, as well as the fact that it was taken to-go, I was expecting to be underwhelmed, but this burrito continued to blow me away!  Here I was, having walked a good deal through the city, exhausting the majority of my options, all of the local ones, and I did not expect the variety they offer.  Just to throw this out there, they offer turkey bacon, and I have to admit that putting it in a breakfast burrito is a top-notch choice.

I only rate a place with stars based on the quality of the food, but there is so much to be said about this establishment.  The value for your money is off the chains here, because there is some serious care that goes into the food they are serving, even before it gets into this establishment.  Right off the bat, the fact that they were one of the only (best) places open when I wanted food speaks to their quality in a time of hunger, something all places should speak to.  The employees are incredibly enthusiastic and friendly, even with my substitutions, and they definitely knew the menu front-to-back, easily able to help if needed.  Finally, the main attraction, the food, is nothing to shake a stick at, and even passes the "to-go test," where I make a point of not eating it fresh for one reason or another.  This is hands-down, the best early-morning spot for some delicious and wholesome food to wake up to!
Wonderful! This is a great place to grab a filling, tasty bite. There's a good sized menu and there are plenty of GF options. Our order came out quickly and was nice and hot. You order at the counter and the gals will bring it to your table. This place was nice and clean with friendly staff and it's woman owned. :)
If you're looking for a brunch place in old city, this is the place to be. The place is aesthetically pleasing so take all the picture you want. But the star here is the food. I mean anything you get on the the menu is guarantee a   10/10. Definitely come here early because it tends to get busy.
I have been here a couple of times now. Who can pass up a name like the Eggcellent cafe? What a fantastic little hole in the wall. Breakfast was eggcellent. Coffee was delicious. Staff is friendly.
Very nice variety on the menu. I wanted something simple so I got the Green Goddess sandwich, it was super delicious with pesto, avocado and spinach. The sandwich was very filling and well worth the price. I also ordered a Vietnamese Iced Coffee which was rich and full of flavor. I def recommend this spot.
Wow just wow! Super excited to come back already probably the most delicious breakfast sandwich I've had in a long time ! I ordered the EGGSTRAVAGANZA
TWO OVER EASY EGGS, CHEDDAR CHEESE, APPLEWOOD SMOKED BACON, AVOCADO, TOMATO & ARUGULA ON BRIOCHE BUN SERVED WITH HOMEFRIES. This is what breakfast dreams are made of Also got a shortstack of pancakes with fruit which was also amazing didn't get to take a picture lol. They also offer smoothies and a variety of brunch options, even the coffee was great and they have all milk alternatives. Customer service was exceptional aswell as the COVID safety precautions !
Came here for breakfast and lunch several times. Loved the veggie burger and the breakfast sandwiches. Owners were so nice. Had the best homemade iced tea. I get it, it may take a bit to make your food. It's a family back there working hard. Don't let these ridiculous reviews change your mind about coming here. They have the cutest little space you can hangout at while some ACTUALLY takes their time to prepare a nice meal for you. I'll be back over and over.
Ordered the Farmers Platter with over easy eggs. Everything was delicious and the eggs were perfectly cooked. The staff was also friendly and helpful. Service was a little slow but it was nice to eat in.
Love this place! Food was amazing; staff, friendly; ambience warm and inviting. And I encourage you to check it out!
It's such a great breakfast and brunch spot! They have delish options for vegetarians and meat eaters. The Angry Pig is a must try, and the potatoes are crispy to perfection. Their bowls are also amazing, my personal favorite is the Brekkie bowl. The inside is adorable, but they also have nice outdoor seating on a quiet street and their food travels well for takeout / delivery.
I've been a few times now and I love it here! It is so cute and you could either sit down or take your food to go. They are very friendly and willing to accommodate. So happy to have a new breakfast place in the area!
We had Grubhub deliver two sunshine sammies. These things are L-E-G-I-T. Egg, bacon, sausage, and even with a delivery delay the buns were still crispy. Admittedly I knocked a star off because it was a little bland for my taste but if you need a quick and VERY hearty breakfast, look no further.
A good brunch place with sandwiches and coffee options. The food is good. Lots of orders were online. Walk-in is welcome. We were the first in line and placed order for two sandwiches. It took close to 35 minutes to get these ready. Considering this is not the best of the times it was ok. But a little bit of attention by the person in the counter and letting the customers  know there will be delay would have made the wait bearable. Three stars for that reason.
Changed to 4 stars with owners response.
First time at eggscellent cafe, I ordered the Sunrise Sammie without the bacon and added avocado. Yum!! A very cute cafe with plenty of seating and greenery. They offer a variety of lattes and smoothies, the Nutella latte was good. A new favorite!
At the moment there is street construction so please support this business but don't expect to eat outside
This place is AWESOME and just what old city needs! They are now open on Sunday's; which is a GAME CHANGER. I got the Eggsponola and it was fantastic. I'm so excited we finally found our new Sunday spot.  Great service, friendly staff, all around great experience!
Being a Chef ,not at all what I expected.
I will not go into specifics however ,the Short Rib Benedict.
Let's just say I'll stick to Green Eggs Cafe ,Executive Chef Tom Murphy of the entire chain,good friend of mine , can recommend a few points of interest,flavor profile on this "take away", was 100% wrong.
Good execution however.
So good! Had the banh mi burger and it was refreshing and not as heavy as a regular burger. Definitely will be back to check their other delicious breakfast sandwiches!
I was happy to see this cute little breakfast spot open up down the block from me. If it was really good I'd probably become a regular. Unfortunately, My first visit was disappointing. I went with my girlfriend and we placed our order at the counter, received a number, and sat ourselves at a table. My girlfriend's order of eggs, homefries, toast and sausage came out first. We waited a few minutes thinking my meal would be out shortly. Once it was clear my order was not on it's way we both dug in. The eggs were already ice cold. I liked the home fries and sausage. My french toast order  came eventually. The french toast was delicious. The best part of the meal. But the bacon I ordered was missing. My girlfriend went back to the counter to inform the staff and I got my bacon a couple of minutes later. The staff was apologetic, but the damage had already been done. Then to top things off a possibly homeless man came in, made a glass of water, and  sat down behind us and started talking to himself. That made things a bit uncomfortable. He asked for the bathroom and was directed to it, despite the sign saying bathrooms are for customers only. Then he sat down behind us again and was trying to make eye contact with me, so I had to avoid his gaze while also eating and keeping an eye on what he was doing. I was relieved when he left. Staff does not enforce the bathrooms are for customers sign. They are willing to take the risk of non customers scaring away paying customers in order to avoid confrontation. That's a bet they will win half the time and lose half the time. This time they lost. The meal was not good enough to put up with that again.
Great food...slower than usual service. Come if you have time because the food really is amazing but probably not a good fit if you are in a hurry.
This place was delicious! Great for brunch - it is just on the small side and is quick-serve rather than sit-down service. I wish we knew this further in advance. The place is adorable, though, and there is a lot of nice decor. 

They have a wide selection of food, and you can find the menu online. I got the veggie burger and my boyfriend got the Fully Loaded breakfast sandwich. It was DELICIOUS - the veggie burger had lots of vegan toppings on it (like veggie bacon and vegan mayo). Just be aware that the vegan mayo is VERY spicy! But overall, we were both super pleased. I would definitely come back here.
This place was delicious! Great for lunch - it is just on the small side and is quick-serve rather than sit-down service. I wish we knew this further in advance. The place is adorable, though, and there is a lot of nice decor. 

They have a wide selection of food, and you can find the menu online. I got the veggie burger and my boyfriend got the Fully Loabreakfast sandwich. It was DELICIOUS - the veggie burger had lots of vegan toppings on it (like veggie bacon and vegan mayo). Just be aware that the vegan mayo is VERY spicy! But overall, we were both super pleased. I would definitely come back here.
The avocado toast is anything but basic. Full of flavor with the truffle oil. Also got their rose latte which was SO good! You can walk in and order and seat yourself which makes this a quick and easy brunch spot! Would def go back again
Found this place close to our hotel thanks to Yelp!  It has the same hip/casual atmosphere like most of the restaurants we went to in Philly's Old Town.  The ingredients for my eggs benedict were topnotch, even though they used crusty bread instead of an english muffin, and it was put together perfectly.  

Message to management... ditch the cheap plastic flatware and use metal, or at least stronger plastic.  The struggle it took to cut through the crusty bread almost cost you a star.  

Otherwise, I'm happy we dined with you.
Incompetent staff and long waits for average food. Last Sunday I came here to pick up food for a friend who was visiting from out of town. When I arrived I told the staff that I was here for a pickup and gave them her name.  They nodded and turned around.  I thought they were getting her food, but after 5 min, I asked again about my pickup.  One of the employees then looks at the computer and says that they do not have an order by that name.  I then ask what they've been doing for the past 5 min then. She then asks how the order was placed and what it was for, and I tell her GrubHub, and she repeats that they do not have an order for oatmeal in my friends name.  I show the staff my screen shot of my friend's order, and then I call my friend to tell her that they don't have it.  As I'm doing so, I look over to my left and notice packed bags of you know what - pick up orders! I notice one that has my friend's name and phone number, so I pick it up and show it to the staff. They note that it also has two coffees, so they make the coffees, and I take everything walked off annoyed.

Apparently when I first walked in and said I had a pick up, the employee just basically ignored me and went about her business. Whey they didn't just tell me where to find the pick up orders is beyond me. And why they just let me stand there while they didn't offer any service in finding my order is also beyond me.  Worst service ever. 

The food took over an hour and was pretty basic. And the coffee wasn't prepared to request.

Won't be returning. Wouldn't recommend.  There are better places to go that have much better food and better customer service.
I'll be honest: I didn't expect to like this as much as I did! Raw tomato and raw spinach aren't usually what I look for (or like) in my breakfast burrito, but they didn't distract from the meaty bacon or perfectly crisp hash brown. The only thing I'd change is that it needs more/better distributed egg (the ends were lacking).
Stay away unless you like waiting an hour for cold breakfast food. We had average expectations and were shocked at the lack of communication and common sense by the not so Eggcelent staff. 

Going in, we knew it was going to be a peak hours Saturday morning breakfast and were prepared to wait. What appeared on the menu seemed to be a solid breakfast yet what transpired was inexcusable. 

We waited over an hour. The Eggcelent system must rely upon customer telepathy because the hand held buzzer the staff gave us never buzzed,
lit up or indicated anything. So by the time we noticed people leaving with carry out orders (and who had been waiting for less time than we had) my wife asked where our food was. 

The answer we were given was that our order had been called. Ok so what was the point of giving us a non-functional order buzzer? We weren't the only diners with problems. Another family had also waited an excessively long time for their breakfast order. In addition to other complaints I have noticed here in Yelp since. 

We were also disappointed because the Old City location was great and we were excited about trying a new restaurant. We won't be returning after the experience today.
Prices are good, and the quality of food is "egg" cellent. I purchased the classic bacon egg and cheese, and all the ingredients tasted fresh. My partner for the French toast and I was surprised out how big it was. Their lattes are decent as well- the coffee tasted premium.
The food here is delicious and the juices are great. I highly recommend going here if you are into breakfast or brunch. The only unfortunate problem is that there's only one of these in the city because if there was one near me I would be there every day.
We stopped in for breakfast since it's right near our Air BnB.  So tasty!  Super cute and the staff is friendly.  Good coffee  We had a waffle (served with ripe and delicious fresh berries) with eggs and bacon, a Monte Cristo bagel sandwich, and the Sunrise Sammie (BEC with hashbrowns on toasted challah).  My only gripe would be that it didn't all come out together.
Awesome late breakfast! Just the thing after waiting 2 hours in the cold to see Independence Hall. These folks know how to do breakfast right! Daughter had lox sammie and I had the sammie w sausage, bacon, egg and hash browns. Delish!
French toast is amazing. Fresh berries, just yum. Coffee is strong but good and fresh. Add a side on bacon. Would stop over and over.
This gut buster sandwich is exactly what it promised.  Flavorful and filling.  Bacon done right - cheese ratio perfect - crispy hash brown and eggs.  The only thing that stops short of perfection is the buttery challah bread. I would love the option of a firmer vessel like crispy toasted rye or sourdough.   A bagel would be too much.  I could not finish so if you are not super hungry it could easily be shared.  Overall really solid breakfast sandwich - easy ordering - friendly staff and fast pickup. Looking forward to coming back when I can enjoy the cafe ambience and try something else.  Good value.
So they're terrible 
The food made the wait worth it 
But now, it's awful 

*seriously this place is a shit show on the weekends. It's like they've never had customers before. However the food is bomb (if it's correct) and despite the rage this place brings me, the everything muffin breakfast sandwich is pure gold.

**they no longer take orders from seamless or grub hub and will cancel your food after a 2 hour wait
After deciding for about 20 mins where I should order breakfast from I finally chose Eggcellent cafe. I ordered the pancakes and a breakfast burrito for my boyfriend. The pancakes were topped with fresh fruit and were nice and fluffy! My boyfriend said the breakfast burrito was amazing. I usually refrain from getting breakfast delivered because it tends to be cold, but our food was still hot upon eating it. Seems like I chose the right place and the prices were reasonable!
Everything was delicious. The avocado toast  was anything but basic. The addition of the truffle oil and lemon made for a bright and flavorful dish. The pancakes were fluffy and light and filled with blueberries. We also had the French toast, which was thick and fluffy. We also had the Farmer's Platter which was equally delicious. The hash-browns were hearty chucks of potato and crisp on the outside. Last but not least was the Vietnamese iced coffee. Which was bold and strong yet creamy with a hint of sweetness. Perfection!! We stayed in Philly for two days, and managed to eat there three times!! Yes. It's that good!
Wow. Best breakfast I have had in a long time. Technically, I guess it was breakfast because I ate it in the AM. Had the fiery chicken sandwich. Phenomenal. Fried chicken and a fried egg on brioche with Vietnamese Bahn mi sandwich style pickled vegetables (daikon, carrots, etc.) with a spicy sauce. Wife had some of the best breakfast tacos I have ever seen! Chorizo and scrambled eggs with all the typical taco accoutrements one could want. 5 stars on food. We arrived when it wasn't very busy and put orders in right away. Food came out in about 15 minutes. Small spot with what I saw one chef in the kitchen and one server handling orders and the register. That being said, I can see how previous reviewers can have issues with what they would perceive as slow service. I see it as not as a fast food type joint serving breakfast. It takes time to make food this fresh and tasty. Well worth it. The staff was very nice and took pride in what they were doing. If I'm ever in Philly or even NEAR Philly again, I'm stopping in for breakfast to see what the other dishes taste like!
Food is amazingggggg. Got 2 Benedict's - chorizo and lox. They were both so good. The potatoes was flaky and extra crispy. However... the wait was around 40mins. (Order placed 10:35ish, received food by 12:15). This was our second time and the first time we also waited nearly the same. The first time we went, the place was packed with people were waiting in line out the door so that was understandable. However this time, it wasn't even that busy. One table before us received and finished the food before we even got our food. I'm just confused on why it took so long. Maybe they forgot it or something. People after us waited around 15-20? I love the food but will be hesitant on coming back since the wait is ridiculous. Parking around here limited to 2 hours so we spent half the time practically waiting for the food.
This place is amazing. Delicious food! Wonderful staff and a cute vibe! The avacado toast and sunrise sammy were absolutely delicious. I would put the Sunrise Sammy as one of the top 5 breakfast items I have ever eaten! The staff is incredibly nice and personable. This isn't a place for formal brunch but is amazing if you want some delicious breakfast.
Yummy, yummy, yummy. Really excellent food, super fresh ingredients, delicious brioche roll, perfectly poached eggs, friendly service - they even had treats for our dogs! Tip: review the menu in advance because there are so many tasty options, you'll need time to narrow down your choice.
So delicious! I loved the atmosphere and the service, I'll definitely be back next time I visit the city
Came here on a Friday morning after staying at an Air BnB across the street. It was the most pleasant surprise ever. My husband and I were originally just looking for a place to get a bagel and a coffee but after looking at the menu, we could not resist trying their food. The ambiance of this cafe is so adorable and comfortable. I got the breakfast tacos and I was amazed. My husband had the California Benedict and he loved the bread. For one bite he just had the egg and avocado and said that alone was delicious and he would even want to try their avocado toast. There was no downfall to this spot and we are going back next week again.  Totally worth it and prices are reasonable.
New spot ,good friend wanted to try we were starving and just went.
It was quaint & had such lovely menu & great coffee choices too 
Return factor: definitely going back!!?
One of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had in Philadelphia. Their bread options are tasty. The eggs are cooked perfectly. Their potatoes are crispy and tasty! I enjoy doing pickup or delivery from here. The portions are HUGE!
This place is charming at first glance. Wonderful use of a narrow, city building. The decor is fresh and bright and the exterior has a Sunny front that offers a promising experience indoors. It's busy. Maybe too busy.
We arrived at 10:15 am for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We were quickly seated and we placed a coffee order immediately. The coffee came. No one asked if we needed cream, nor offered us flatware. Several, not all, tables had picnic bins of flatware - so we helped ourselves to the community flatware in this COVID environment.
It took more than 15 minutes for them to come take our breakfast order. The food came out reasonably fast, but the order was incomplete. No one ever once came back to ask if we needed anything for the duration of our meal. The staff we grabbed to bring us the missing food and other condiments etc., dropped and ran without meeting our eyes - we couldn't even get a coffee refill.
The food itself looks creative and pretty on a plate...and it's ok, but just OK. 
My take: place looks great in photos and description, but the staff need training and experience and maybe a quick health directive review. The food - not worth coming back for a second try.
For as often as I've been here, I can't believe I haven't reviewed? You don't have to be Green Eggs to have an egg themed brunch place that, yes, still has a line coming out the door on Sunday morning. I love the huuuuge menu and the variety that comes from it. You pretty much can't go wrong, but there was something about the potatoes that come with the egg entrees that made me dream about being in Old City so I can "stop by." They also do coffee extremely well and have an assorted array of pastries that are...usually sold out because they're delicious. Would I say the service can get a little slow? Sure. But I would wait an hour to eat here because good brunch for a decent price is not a commodity in this city.
5 Green Goddess/egg, pesto, avocado, mozzarella, green on multigrain. The sandwich tasted very fresh and great option for veggie lovers or someone just looking to get their daily dose of greens!
5 Montecristo/Pork roll, fried egg, Swiss cheese, maple syrup on Raisin bagel. Bagel was soft and gummy. 
5 Energy Booster/Strawberry, blueberry, banana, spinach, almond milk, Chia: Smoothie was very filling but tasty! Could have used a couple more cubes of ice.
4Chunky Monkey/Cold brew, peanut butter, banana, chocolate, and almond milk Smoothie: Tasted a bit watered down but the ingredients make for a great smoothie!
5Overall: Great Philly cafe for smoothies and sandwiches. They also have a full menu with other items and an assortments of coffee, lattes, smoothies, and teas.
Sadly, we did not stay and eat here even though the reviews seemed good.  I cannot review the food.  The place wasn't that crowded, but we grabbed a table and looked at the menu.  Every open table was very dirty.  The 5-6 groups of people already sitting at tables did not have anything - no food, no coffee.  We could tell they were super slow with service.  That combined with the dirty tables, we left.
