So glad this place exists! I had ordered from here long ago and remember enjoying the food but sadly never reviewed them.

COVID got me to remember about this place and so glad they're still around! Solid spot for Indian food - and I've tried some not so great spots in the past.

If you go for pick up, the place is completely unassuming but don't judge it by the facade - there are surprises in store with the food quality! 

We had ordered pick up (they partner with the different delivery services and also do their own delivering for free!) We ordered the shaag paneer, garlic naan, and veggie biriyani.

The order delivery was right within the time window they quoted and the delivery guy was super friendly. Everything came well packaged and nothing was out of place when we unpacked it at home.

The food quality is where it's at though. Great flavor, solid portions, not heavy on the oil - just hits all the right cravings. 

Will definitely be hitting this place up again as quarantine looms on. Check it out - so much to offer!
This review is brought to you by the word spicy. Because that's exactly what Ekta wowed me with like no other restaurant that I've ever been to in Philly (Note: I still haven't given in to the Handy Nasty)!

I've heard the rave reviews about Ekta for as long as everybody else. But it's taken me forever to give in and try it just because of how freaking tiny it used to be. those two booths inside the take away section just weren't manageable no matter how good the food was! But cue the much needed remodeling, and you now have a seriously amazing Indian BYOB to enjoy that's not too far away from concert central Fishtown. As you can tell from some of the reviews some people aren't down with the changed results, and while I can understand why, so long as I can sit down to some saag paneer and a bottle of wine before the next show the Deli books at Johnny Brenda's, I freaking LOVE it!

I knew that when I was looking for something spicy to fill me up during an insanely cold day. And when I saw the three peppers next to the Kadai Chicken to gauge it's spice, I considered myself a serious contender. I'm someone who recklessly puts Siracha on just about anything (I only really draw the line at ice cream). But holy hell did some of those bites turn up the heat in my mouth like no other entree has to date. I finished up every bite that came out of the decorative bowl though, with just a little bit of help from the water that our servers were spot on with pouring, and the complimentary crispy naan appetizer that they hooked up.

While I might keep it lightly spiced with their full on veggie options next round, I fully intend to be back!
Tiffin who?   Ekta has the creamiest, spiciest sauces and soft naan- it's as good as it gets. Friendly man who answered the phone even took our order on a Tuesday night a few minutes after 9:30, when they were technically closed.  

Butter chicken with rice served me three satisfying meals with a great punch of heat.  According to the menu "hot pepper" legend that identifies the spicy items, butter chicken does not even warrant a "Medium" single-pepper status, so watch out if you are hot-intolerant. 

Can't think of a witty way to say this, but if you like truly delicious Indian food, order takeout from Ekta.  You will not be disappointed. 

Mmmm, butter chicken. God bless Girard Avenue and their low-rent, utterly divine ethnic food.
It seems like there are two camps out there, one for Tiffin and one for Ekta.  Count me as firmly planted in the Ekta camp.

Before we discovered Ekta, we tried Tiffin several times.  Takeout Indian was a staple of our diet in our former homes and so we were desperate to find a Philly equivalent.  After hearing such great things about Tiffin, we were really excited to try it.  And we were really disappointed.  Over and over again.  No matter what we ordered, everything at Tiffin seemed too sweet somehow.  The food wasn't  bad necessarily, the flavor just wasn't what we were looking for.

Enter Ekta. 

I know my palate may not be super-geared toward authentic Indian food, but Ekta is what I want when I want some delicious Indian take-out.  The dishes have heat (not sweet), are chock-full of spices, and Ekta's menu has plenty of variety.  I have no idea what I was eating before I had Kadai Paneer, but I can say for certain that I was not truly enjoying Indian food.

A few commenters note the suspicious absence of proteins when ordering chicken tikka masala or lamb vindaloo or whatever... and I can see that.  Usually I know I can bet on about seven or eight pieces of meat per container, which I suppose is fair to say: not much.  But I feel like that's not necessarily a bad thing.  For the price, you kind of get what you pay for and -- like a lot of rice-based cuisines -- the sauce is there to stretch things out a bit.  I shouldn't order chicken tikka masala expecting the Indian equivalent of KFC portions.

As for the rest, I second the emotions of Walter K.'s friend: "I'm just way into the idea that I can eat bomb-ass Indian food without even leaving my house."  Since the closest Indian establishment to me is Ashoka Palace (with its whopping 1.5 star average...) the fact that Ekta will deliver to my center-city door from its Fishtown homebase is enough for me.  Bomb-ass indeed.
Let me preface this review by stating that I enjoy Indian food. Ekta, your Kadai Chicken is delicious, as is your Kadai Paneer, Chicken Vindaloo, Tandoori Chicken, Garlic Nan... 

HOWEVER, the prices are exorbitant for takeout. If I order delivery and spend $20 after tax and tip on Kadai Chicken, why do I only get one piece of chicken in a tupperware container with a boatload of sauce and rice? Why does this cost $20?  

Eating in may be different, however I've given up on Ekta for takeout. I'm sorry, Ekta, but you let me down.
It should be noted that I am a relative noob when it comes to Indian food. The first few times I tried Indian, my meat dishes were sweet (rosewater lamb and something else), and I am no fan of sweet-flavored meat. Also, I'm a slightly picky eater (onions are my enemy). So it was with just a bit of hesitation that I ordered from Ekta on Sunday. I will never hesitate again.

I ordered for four people, so we got a good sampling of what Ekta offers. Within 25 minutes of placing my order, there was a knock at my door. There stood a plumpish Asian man with a huge smile, a red checkered shirt, and a big, blue necktie holding a bag of food. I only live a few blocks from Ekta, so he walked my delivery over, and the food was still thoroughly hot by the time he arrived. 

I know it's not an original idea, but I love the labeling of the food containers. I had the tandoori chicken, which was succulent and tasty. But my friend got the butter chicken, which was truly outstanding. I've been thinking of it ever since. We also tried the chicken tikka masala and chicken curry, both of which were praised by my friends. The only bump in the experience was the naan -- we ordered three kinds: plain, garlic, and potato. Onion naan was delivered instead of potato naan, and it wasn't awesome. Neither was the garlic version. I'd stick to just plain naan in the future.
Whoa. Check this out...
When it comes to authentic Indian food, look no further than Ekta Indian Cuisine.

First, start with Veg. Samosa. They are not the best, but good.
Then indulge with the signature dish "Ekta Biryani", which is outstanding. Loaded with spice and packed with flavor. Keep in mind this dish is a little heavy. Heavy on the cream.

- Service: Friendly.
- Atmosphere: Ethnic. 
- Portions: HUGH.

Four sold Yelps.
Oh but seriously, Ekta is bomb.

You know how Philly can't really handle snow...or rain...or any weather pattern not consistent with Scottsdale, Arizona? 

Well mega props to Ekta for having solid delivery of hot food in less than an hour on the quintessential dark and stormy night....When the rain smacks against your window like a cudgel wrapping against prison walls, there's nothing more comforting than a large hot bowl of spicy, freshly cut bindi masala. 

The spice warms your insides, while the okra, tender, yet firm, swoops over your tongue. The garlic naan oddly cools your fire, calms your gastric juices, and appeases your tongue with its soft, fluffy elegance.
"How the mighty have fallen" - NIV

I dole out these 2 stars to Ekta sadly and with a heavy heart. If today was my first visit, it'd probably be 3, as the food is still good, but I can't avoid comparing it to it's former greatness, and judging it in that light. 

When we were initially looking to move to Philly, mid 2016, we had our first Ekta experience. This meal was so euphorically delicious that it actually helped us decide to go ahead with the move to Philly, and factored in to our decision to rent an apartment in Fishtown.

After a long, muggy day of moving furniture under the blazing August sun, we used the last of our energy to shamble over to Ekta, and collapsed into a meal that was, if anything, better than the first. We practically became addicts, needing an Ekta fix at least once a week. 

Unfortunately, over the last year or so, we have watched the staff completely turn over (possibly a new owner? I have no idea). The food and the service have totally fallen off, and Ekta no longer comes out on top of our list of go-to Indian food in the neighborhood (alternative recommendation is Tandoor, which is great!), much less any more extensive lists. In fact, on one of our most recent visits to Ekta, after an abysmally long wait in the near empty dining room, we finally got our chicken jalfrezi, and I greatfully shoveled in a big spoonful, only to bite down on a sharp shard of bone. Bleghh...

Like the mighty Roman empire, I now consider Ekta to be one of the fallen greats.
Being in Philadelphia, you have to love the underdog.  

Right now, you have Tiffin, resting on it's laurels, sitting up there acting all high-and-mighty because of it's reputation for having the best indian food in the city.  You walk in and wait around for them to get you your food 15 minutes after they said they'd get it to you.  No smiles, no pleasant greeting.  It's all about getting you out the door.  

In comes Ekta.  Sure, it's small.  It has no place to eat, yet.  It's unassuming considering it's surroundings.  But, the prices are on the more reasonable side as profits are not being funneled for iPhones and confusing websites.  This could be because they don't slip in an accompaniment that you didn't want in the first place that, in all likely hood, is tasteless daal as Tiffin does.

But here's the real difference, when you walk in, you are greeted.  The chef randomly smiles and says hello.  They are more than accommodating and really friendly.  When it comes down to it, this is what makes the difference.  I've probably been to Tiffin 30 different times and they leave it up to the computer to remember my name.  This is the kind of place that knows your order and how you like it.  That is what makes the difference.

As for the food, I had the chicken vindaloo which was super spicy and delicious.  The girlfriend had chicken tandoor that was so moist and tender.  Samosas were just the right amount of crispy.  Everything was so delicious and satisfying.  Mmmm.... 

So, I will nurture this little fledgling restaurant and hopefully, when they get busy due to their reputation, they can scale their operation accordingly and still provide a personal touch along side some damn good food.
Hey, you! Get out of your comfort zone and get the Goan shrimp curry! It's great!

What's that? You wanna stick with what you are used to? That's fine because basically everything at Ekta is strong. 

I used to make massive orders from this place when I was the lunch n' learn commander in my residency at Temple so I'm familiar with many of the options:

The Saag Aur peneer- solid(like Han Solo in that stuff)
The chicken tikka masala - solid(like Snake)
the veggie samosas - solid(like a rock)
the lamb korma - solid(like steel)
the lamb vindaloo - solid(like that Goanna song)
the navrattan korma - solid(like the state of an advanced type of hard drive)
naan - solid(Google is failing me for more "solid" references)
garlic naan - solid(like when it is used as a synonym for "favor")
...you get the idea.

Ekta is fantastic at knowing its customer base. They add that little bit of extra salt and little bit of extra cream that really makes it appeal to the American palate. It's a great place for Indian-food-first-timers as well as veterans.
As a disclaimer this review is purely based on the delivery aspect of the operation, I live pretty far from Ekta but I still get my fix because they deliver to center city all the way from No-lib. 

First off, delivery is always the last option for me mainly because in my mind the food isn't as fresh as it is when you eat it at the restaurant. Ekta has completely changed my pre-conceived notions about delivery. My horizon has been broadened so to say. 

The food is simply superb! This past weekend for a party of eight we ordered a variety of dishes; Chicken Tikka, Paneer Saag, Chicken Saag, Chicken Kadai, Malai Kofta, Chicken Biryani and vegetable samosas, and garlic naan. Very reasonable considering the amount of food we got (17.00 + tip per person) and since we were at my place I also got 3-4 meals extra! 

All the dishes exceeded expectations and had the right amount spice, I can't pick a favorite because they all legitamately were delicious! 

So, if you live in Center City and crave indian like I do but don't want to move off your couch because there are football games on call up Ekta and have them deliver you some bomb A$$ food.
Whoever decided that quality Indian food should be accessible via delivery should be given some sort of medal or ridiculously-sized trophy. Ekta has (in my very narrow opinion) the best Indian food the city has to offer, and it gets at least fourteen bonus points for having spot on delivery service.

But apparently, you can eat in too! This locale on East Girard has two sections: first there is the fluorescently-lit take out/delivery portion, then you walk through this empty abyss (perfect for hiding secret treasure or a body) into the exotic, romanticly-lit dining room. Service is impeccable, and you will always find your water glass more than half full. (and that's not a metaphor, I'm being literal here)

If you find yourself here, order the Goan shrimp curry - it's delicious. The saag paneer is my personal favorite of all the saags I've paneered. The lamb vindaloo is pretty standard, but great for that spicy kick (though the food masochists like me should order it *extra* spicy). 

If you ever have a craving for anything even remotely Indian, Ekta should be your go-to.
Just pick up the phone. You don't even have to be wearing pants while you do it!!
Link to the MENU.. cuz yes they are dope and do deliver:
http://foobooz.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/07/ekta-menu.jpg

Oh man, I'm full.  Sooo, I'm one of those idiots who eats foods she is allergic to, like several Indian spices.  Now my eyes are burning and my lips are stinging... but man was that good! My brother ate with me and agrees wholeheartedly that I am an idiot--with or without the spices. 

I had the chicken masala and the butter chicken.  Both were exceptional, but I won't lie and say I knew which one was which once they hit my plate.  The rice is pretty much perfect which you may not find impressive until you experience it.

This place is great.  Period.  

Oh, and the delivery driver was also notably nice.
I love ordering the food directly from the restaurant because there's no delivery fee and other service fees that can add up your food bill. Very friendly service and willing to adjust the level of spiciness. 

Mango chicken: I asked for very mild but still tasted the depth of spice of the dish. It's not a heavy meal, I dipped my paratha into this creamy and flavorful gravy. The chicken cubes is a little bit overcooked.

It takes about an hour for delivery.
I had the "Kadai Chicken" for $8.25. This comes with rice, mango chutney, raita, mint chutney, and pickles, as well as a "chef accompaniment of the day"...Very spicy, but so good. Also had some Rosemary Naan for an all out carb explosion...Plump juicy chicken. Mmmm...

Etka was just what the doctor ordered...I had it delivered and it comes with the plastic containers labeled, so there's no messing stuff up with big orders. If you like Tiffin, you'll most likely dig this place.
The American guy answering the phone is pretty rude. Whenever I call them, he answers and just hangs up the phone and has a sour attitude. Get a better person to answer calls.
This delivery thing is coming between us. Deliver to my neighborhood! Do it Ekta. Do it. I'll make it worth your while...by which I mean I'll order lots and lots of Indian food on the regs. By far Ekta makes my favorite Indian food in Philadelphia, to date. I would absolutely get down with you more, if you weren't over the hills and far away and me with lazy bones.

I'll tell you something. Some of the true loves of my vegetable-loving-life are Indian style vegetable preparations. You know a mediocre place when every vegetable dish tastes more than vaguely the same...like...the exact same masala on your chana as is on your dal...as is on your aloo gobi, you know? That rots. Weak sauce. At Ekta you won't have to worry your pretty little head about that nonsense. All my favorites are represented well. I'm talking about you, ol' gobi aloo, and saag, baingan bharta.... Looks like I just love to name-drop Indian dishes, apparently. They're all expertly cooked up, nice and extra extra spicy, as requested. Malai kofta is crazy cashewy good. I love those little veggie dumplings...

Also, as I do fancy as spicy vindaloo, I will note that Ekta's is a winner, lamb or chicken. Nice and hot and spiked with vinegar. Dig the super creamy tikka masala, too as well as the Kadai chicken (tomato-y sauce, fresh green chiles, mmm hot). The tandoor chicken is juicy. Straight up juicy. Lotsa of garlic naan plus any or all of the dishes I just mentioned makes for a very happy ole gal. 
Bring. It.
Why dine at Etka??

We'll let see...the food is authentic and in my opinion the best Indian cuisine in Philly. Appetizers I recommend: Aaloo Aur Papri Chat & Veggie Samosa. Entrées I recommend: Mango Chicken, Chicken Korma and Paneer Tikka Masala. Don't forget to order naan with your entrée! Furthermore, Etka maintains reasonable prices especially when you consider the quality of food you receive...AND if you are a wine and dine person like myself you will be happy to know Etka is BYOB. The restaurant capacity is not very large with maybe a total of 8-9 tables...get there before 7pm and you should get a table. Finally the staff is very polite and friendly although they can be a little quiet/hard to hear when the restaurant is buzzing. 
  
Overall highly recommend to anyone that enjoys Indian cuisine!
This is my favorite Indian restaurant in Philly. I was a Tiffin lover, but I converted, and now I am trying to convert others into this religion.

First off, delivery. I don't know about you guys, but when I order delivery, I'm hungry when I order, not an hour later when it arrives. Who orders in advance like that? Well maybe diligent people, but I'm not one of those. When Tiffin says their food will take 1 hour 15 mins, it does (give or take 5 mins). When Ekta says their food will take 1 hr 15 mins, it delivers in 45. This has happened on multiple occasions. Hooray!

I think all their food is better than that of Tiffin's. The saag paneer is claimed to be wonderful by my friends (I am not a fan of this dish in general), I love the chicken tikka masala, butter chicken, naan, the lamb biryani, etc. etc. If you want spicy, it comes out madd spicy. Like...tears-dripping-into-your-dish spicy. Nice!

I've dined in also. It's modest like its rival, and service was great and attentive! The area can seem a bit rough, so there's plenty of street parking.
I'm writing this review after just finishing our dinner of leftovers from last night's Ekta order. My bf and I have had their food before when his cousin had us over for takeout, but this was our first time ordering delivery from them ourselves.

It amazes me that this restaurant delivers as widely as it does - its located all the way in Fishtown! - and they don't even charge an extra fee like another restaurant did who shall remain nameless but is located only 6 blocks from our apartment (out of your delivery area?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!). We ordered their chicken vindaloo, bhaigan bharta, and aloo gobi, which came with white rice (ALOT) and small sauce containers with mango chutney, raita, and some other condiment I opted not to try given it appeared to be spicier than the food itself. Their Indian food is AMAZING - spicy but not too much that it overpowers the rest of the dish (and I'm sure you could ask for spicier if you think you can handle it - I know I can't handle TRUE Indian spice levels). Plus the food is cooked really well and is quality. Our chicken vindaloo had large chunks of white meat drenched in the sauce. And with delivery, they mark each container with the name of the dish so that you (and anyone else) won't mix up any meat and vegetarian dishes.

I was surprised by the speed of the delivery as well; we ordered around 6pm, and when they said it would take 1 hour and 15 minutes I didn't mind considering how far they're located. But the delivery guy showed up 25 minutes early! Now THAT'S service.
I am SO happy to have Ekta in the neighborhood.  I'm a Tiffin fan and have been ordering from there since they opened, but now with Ekta so much closer and cheaper I've been ordering from there lately.  I love the butter chicken which is not chicken soaking in butter as the name suggests, but rather chicken in a delicious spice loaded red sauce (well, I'm sure there's butter in there too...).  The food I've tried is at the top of my spice threshold which I'd say leans toward wimpy (me, not the food).  The samosa chat, and the onion bahji are really good appetizers with plenty for sharing.  I keep garlic naan from Trader Joe's in the freezer since I've found naan really doesn't travel well (we get take out).  Two entrees plus an appetizer for two adults gets us two full meals in our house.  Yay leftovers!
I thought Philly only had hoagie shops and gastropubs, but Ekta turned my ignorant notions into... uh... non...ignorance.  Anyway I guess Philly has good Indian food as well.  Ekta was my first taste of Indian food in the great city of Philly and it did not disappoint. I went there with my bud DJ on a man-date, and we got lamb chettinad, samosa chaat, and garlic naan. We got the samosa chaat based on the recommendation of Manzur, the server/manager, and it was good but we had no idea it was a cold dish... kind of like a cold, mashed samosa gazpacho.  It's good, I promise, but if you're craving a samosa then that's probably not going to satisfy.  But no worries, Manzur sensed our slight disappointment and gave DJ and I an order of regular samosas ON THE HOUSE, which of course is my favorite. Free. 

A little tip: dine in and get a punch card.  If you dine in 5 times, you get 1 free entree the next time you eat in.  ALSO, if you bring your own gin, they can make authentic Indian cocktails and you can mix the gin in yourself. PARTY WITH MANZUR!
This has to be one of the biggest yelp let downs ever. 
4.5 stars?!? Seriously? What a joke.
It's places like this that makes me want to rethink yelp. 
I chose this place solely based on the reviews and placed an order for delivery. 
I'm guessing people who give this place more than one star have no concept of what Indian food should taste like... They probably consider Taco Bell fine Mexican food. 
We ordered the chicken biryani, tandoori chicken, mirchi tikka, seekh kabob, chicken biryani, chicken tikka masala, raita and naan. 
The naan were good - and they better be at $2.50 each when other places charge about half of that. 
The kabobs were dry and rock hard. The tandoori chicken was bland. The mirchi tikka was one of the worst thugs I have ever eaten - anywhere. Such an odd after taste. It was gross. 
The biryani and CTM were just ok....
And to put a cherry on top - the bill was $82.00.

Overpriced and definitely over hyped. I will NEVER be back, even if it's free.
Ekta is AWESOME!!!

The prices are really low, which I've found to be not very common for Indian restaurants.

The food was really good, and the employees were soooo nice! 

Ekta wins my award as the best Indian Place on Girard.
WELCOME EKTA!  Love the previous reviews so I'm not gonna try and be witty (yeah, like a paralyzed person promising not to run) so I'll share my bit.

As an enthusiastic group of 6, we ordered  more than I can recall honestly but I'm a HUGE fan of Cafe Bombay in Bristol which has my favorite dish: kadai.  I usually go for the Kadai Lamb, which EKTA has, however I had to share with some others that don't eat meat.  (chicken's not meat, cool).  The Kadai Chicken was great actually.  It was different though than the one I love at Bombay.  It's more a red gravy rather than brown and yet it's full of flavor and a bit spicy.  I would totally recommend this place based on the 5 main dishes we all shared and the appetizers were great. In fact, the Samosa Chat was something I'm already jonesin' for.  The Onion Bhaji left me wanting more.  For our bonus, they threw in 2 containers of great homemade rice pudding.

The whole bill and tip for delivery came out so low that it cost us around $10 each and though we only had 5 entrees for 6 adults, we still had leftovers!  We all need to enjoy this place while they're at this "grand opening" price range.  Tiffin was once so eager to please. Our hope now should be that these two duke it out and keep the prices reasonable.
I love when you order and they tell you half hour forty five minutes and the food comes in like 20. 5 stars for that, even though I had to scurry downstairs to answer the door. What can I tell you, I  am a huge fan of TIffin, with that said, Ekta is closer, and from what I hear the chef  is from Tiffin so how could I go wrong, not to mention that their food is a tad cheaper which I can feel less guilty for ordering indian at least once a week for my chicken tikka addict daughter. Which was fabulous. The naan hot and soft and perfect. Not sure I want to fully abandon Tiffin but hey I can spread the love equally. Just another reason to love living and never leaving our  lovely neighborhood.
Uh-may-ZING!

Lady Gaga and I ordered takeout last night from Ekta before the Halloween party.  We decided to watch Blackula and what better food to pair with such a stunning piece of cinematic genius than Indian?

Delivery time was 1:20.  I expected it to be a long wait because it was Friday night and they are very popular.  They did not disappoint in the least.  We ordered garlic naan, rosemary naan, butter chicken and chicken kadhai.

I loved this food.  I was like a little kid on Christmas when the food came.  The naan was warm and extremely flavorful.  Soft and slightly chewy.  Perfect for soaking up the delicious sauce.  The chicken kadhai was hot (being a two pepper dish) but it did not kill me.  It has all kinds of peppers in it and it just went so well with the naan and the basmati rice.  The butter chicken was creamy, the pieces of chicken were tender and the sauce was the stuff of legends.

I'm definitely geting two meals out of this order.  I know that I'm going to smile when I eat the leftovers.  I might even fist pump (I've been known to do that in the presence of awesome food)

Blackula was terrible by the way, in case you were wondering.

I guess i'm gaga for Ekta.
I am facing down the fact that I will be moving away from Philadelphia in the next 6-18 months, and suddenly discovering a million places that I wish I'd known about in my previous 25+ years in the city. Ekta is near the top of this list. I thought my discovery of Tiffin a year ago was both belated and momentous - but Ekta blows Tiffin out of the water. I am already mourning the fact that, wherever I end up, it is not going to have Indian takeout that approaches this level. 

Ekta strikes the perfect balance between traditional and innovative dishes/flavors. The aloo aur papri chaat was an excellent example of this - all of the flavors I expected, but much lighter and brighter than those I've sampled at more traditional Indian spots. The portion was also super-generous. I ordered the mango chicken because it was something I'd never seen on an Indian menu - it was awesome, rich, and had the perfect amount of spice. Lamb korma was rich and creamy and had generous chunks of meat. The garlic naan was soft and fluffy and super-garlicky. I also received a small container of what I thought was raita - but turned out to be (I think?) rice pudding. It was delicious and really helped when I accidentally bit into a mouthful of something crazy spicy (chili pepper?) from the mango chicken. Best of all? I've got enough leftovers for lunches and dinners through Wednesday, at least!

Ordering was quick and efficient, my food arrived right when they had estimated, and the price - while a notch higher than cheaper Indian from West Philly - was on-par with the food. They are definitely going to be hearing from me again ... sooner rather than later.
I will admit, I have not written a review in quite SOME time.....but it is the perfect time to rage about Ekta, briefly.

 Dear Ekta, 

                   Thank you for consistently great service and delicious food. Thanks for your awesome delivery man who makes your Indian taste-bud dreams come ALIVE. Thank you for sending me a birthday card .:)  Your food is delicious and our household loves you- dining in or out. From 3 roommates: vegan,vegetarian & a meat eater!
Had great expectations from this place after reading the reviews but was disappointed. I definitely have eaten better Indian food in Philly. Their non-vegetarian dishes were still better than their vegetarian counterparts.
If you need Indian food and you are in Fishtown, look no further than Ekta.

The food, in short, is excellent. I particularly like the chicken options over the lamb, although I've only had the basics (tikka masala and korma). Both are creamy and delicious--and far too easy to finish in the restaurant. Naan, of course, is a must-have, and I am partial to the garlic. 

I've visited Ekta a couple of times, and the restaurant was nearly empty on both occasions, which makes me think this is mainly a takeout joint. The in-store atmosphere certainly is very sparse, but if you are like me, it doesn't matter what your surroundings look like as you devour the dishes in front of you. Both times I've come here, I've left with a food baby because I ate too quickly.
Love it!  I'll keep this simple, since there are already so many reviews on here, and the place just opened a month ago.

Best Indian food for best price in city.  I'm loving that it's in Fishtown (practically on my street), and that it's giving Tiffin some competition.  I was getting really sick of waiting two hours for my over-priced food.

I've never had a better lamb saag (think they call it lamb saagwala), never ever, ever!
My roommate could eat Indian food every single night.  I, on the other hand, can only eat it occasionally so she gets super excited when I suggest ordering from Ekta.  They have a huge delivery area so it's pretty much a given that no matter where you live in the city, you'll be able to order from Ekta.  They're a little pricey, which is the only reason they're not getting 5 stars, but everything we've ordered is outstanding.

The garlic kabob, sam severa, and vegetable samosas are our go-to's on the appetizer menu and we're never disappointed.  I usually get an order of the garlic naan just for me because it's just so good that I don't want to share.  I'm still a bit of a novice when it comes to Indian food so I get the Chicken Tikka Masala as my main course and it's incredibly good, creamy with just a hint of heat and big chunks of chicken.

Their typical delivery estimate is an hour and a half, but it usually arrives a little after an hour.  All the drivers wear professional business attire because, as their website states, "we feel our customers are worth it."  Nice little touch, Ekta.  I'll see you soon.
I feel sorry for Philly! HOW ON EARTH can you have a LENTIL dish for 11.99 plus tax! ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Is this Lentil (or anything else on the menu) cooked by the god Krishna him self? If you go up to Edison, NJ or better yet Jersey city you will pay HALF this much for an AUTHENTIC dish. Yes I understand our choices are limited in Philly as we speak BUT COME ON!
Came back for some more Ekta and this time we tried the samosas, lamb tikka masala and tandoori chicken. The samosas were fine. The tikka masala was good as usual, between the chicken and the lamb I can't decide which one I like more. The tandoori chicken was super flavorful and moist, but at $14 for 4 pieces of chicken... I'm not sure I'd get it again.
Indian delivered! Over the weekend I was jonesing for Indian but too lazy to make the trek from Fairmount to Fishtown, so I ordered in. They said it would be about an hour and a half, but it was delivered 40 minutes after I called! So I did a celebratory dance, as I was starving at this point.

I ordered the Kadai Chicken, which was delicious, but hoooo boy was that spicy. Their menu denotes 4 levels of spiciness (0-3 peppers), with the Kadai clocking in at 2 peppers. At certain points I invoked a line from Modern Family: "I feel like I ate the sun!" But I couldn't stop eating. The best was that I had plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day.  But as another reviewer noted, the naan loses some of its warmth and gets a bit stale in the delivery process. Had to throw it in the microwave for a bit, but not a huge complaint there.

I'm stopping short of giving 5 stars, due to my laziness of not actually visiting the restaurant, and my naïveté regarding the level of spices they throw in (damn good ones too).
Simply amazing, especially considering it had quite a long journey from Fishtown to Center City.  The rice didn't travel well - it was pretty mushy by the time we got it, but everything else was delicious.

Recommendations:  Paneer Tikka Masala, veggie samosas and naan (of course)  My boyfriend had the Lamb Vindaloo, which he also loved.  The leftovers also made for a delicious lunch today so bonus points for that.  

It took about an hour for delivery on a rainy weeknight, but definitely worth it.  One other point to note: everything in the bag was labeled which means no guessing whose is whose.  Customer service was great, it arrived on time and it was delicious.  What more can you ask for?
If this review was based solely on food, it would be 5 stars.  I mean, I just licked the tupperware container that held my leftovers.  This food is Eastern soul food.

My friend and I had the sam savera appetizer, lamb chettinad, lamb tikka masala, garlic naan, and spinach naan.  Skip the sam savera; it was good, but it's just sausage.  Go for a different appetizer.  Both lamb dishes were phenomenal, and the naan was great, too.  The spinach naan was a delight to eat on its own.  It didn't even need to be dipped into any sauce.

Ekta loses a star for the location and the (lack of) ambiance.  The neighborhood didn't bother me but I can see how some might find it a bit sketchy at night.  More importantly, It isn't convenient to most of the city and while I hear they have a wide delivery radius, I don't fall into it.  Therefore, even though the food is glorious, I can't be a frequent customer unless I want to spend 35-40 mins each way on the subway.  If I am going to put in that kind of travel time, it's nice to have some ambiance.  I know the decor isn't really the point, but with such good food one hopes for the whole experience to match up.

As for the prices...well, I think the food's worth it.  You will not regret dropping $15 for an entree here, trust me.
I actually chose Ekta because I'd seen a bunch of people review it on Yelp last week!
We got delivery, so I can't comment on their dining-in offerings (although I walked by and it seems pretty tiny).  They were very courteous on the phone and then in-person when they delivered the food (although it did take almost an hour).  I had the Veg. Tikka Masala, and it was everything I wanted (as well as sweat inducing, which is not necessarily something I wanted, but certainly a quality of good Indian food!).  
I am eager to order from them again and try a new dish!
I ordered from this place when it had first opened and they were still sorting out how far out they would deliver.  They didn't even have menus yet!  I called them and asked if they would deliver to Temple U, and the guy said no, and I was so sad... then he called back 15 minutes later and said he would!  You should have seen my face... I was so happy.  The owner even brought the food over himself so that he could see where it was, and we had a great little chat.  The food comes fast and hot, and so full of flavor it's ridiculous.  The naan is so delicious, but eat it fast while it's hot, because it gets tougher as it cools.  I've had three types, garlic, plain, and onion, and just be forewarned, that it's not like garlic bread.  The garlic naan has fresh garlic in/on it, no salt, so sprinkle some on if you like it salty.  I've mostly chicken dishes, my boyfriend always gets the lamb korma.  We've learned to get our own naan because it goes fast, and it's too good to share, no matter how much you love someone.  I've had the chicken korma, chicken tikka masala, and the kadai lamb, and they were all delicious.  And the rice!!!  That rice, I swear, is like no other rice I have ever had in life.  It is so delicious, and comes free with whatever you order.  They also send along a small container of whatever the chef's special of the day is, which to my knowledge, is never on the menu, but is always some kind of dessert, and is yummy.   This one time, I ordered a vegetarian dish, and it was disgusting.  DISGUSTING.  I couldn't finish it.  I'm 99% sure it was the baigan bharta, so unless you like the stuff, be forewarned and stick to the meat.  Also, the stuff just doesn't taste the same after a night n the fridge, so try to finish it all... the meat gets tougher, the rice gets hard and dehydrated, and the magic is lost... trust me.
As my friend John Mallinen put it, "I'm just way into the idea that I can eat bomb-ass Indian food without even leaving my house."  And here it is:  Ekta is the new king of 19125 delivery Indian food.  This new joint opened recently on Girard Ave and only a few blocks from Tiffin. And I've heard that a few people from Tiffin left and started Ekta, but I'm not sure, and it doesn't really matter.

Ekta has a good variety of veg options.  Overall, it has standard, but great Indian options. Lentils, Paneer, lamb, and chicken are served with fresh vegetables in various curries.  Best of al, each dish is made to order.  The main downside of Ekta is that it has no atmosphere.  Two small tables are crammed into the front of the kitchen, leaving almost no room to eat at the restaurant.

Here's the bottom line:  Ekta offers fresh, healthy, delicious Indian food, and it's cheaper than Tiffin.  The main dishes are just as good, if not better.  There is no reason, however, to eat at the restaurant.  If you're trying to go out for Indian food, Tiffin should be your option.  Still, be lazy, order Ekta delivery, and enjoy the goodness from your own couch.
Simply put I love this place. I must have eaten here a few dozen times, if I count take out/delivery. I have never been disappointed or underwhelmed. Every time I wish my guy was bigger so I could keep eating the delicious food. 
The dine-in atmosphere is great its not as loud as many of the nearby options which is nice. Waiters are always attentive. Cheap enough to bring friends and upscale enough for dinner with parents (the kind where they pay for your meal)
If you are new to Indian food then this is a great place to start. If you are an old pro they can satisfy you here also. 

I don't think I have ever order the same thing twice and loved everything I have eaten.
I always order takeout from here and the experience is seamless. They take your credit card over the phone and within 20 minutes you're good to go! The Chicken Tikka Masala is one of my favorites but if I'm feeling adventurous I'll just pick something random on the menu. You really can't go wrong here!
First time trying Ekta last night and we were not disappointed! We made sure to order the Chicken Tikka Masala and garlic naan per my fellow Yelpers' recommendation, and also the Lamb Rogan Josh. The chicken tikka masala and garlic naan were on point, and my husband and I could not get enough of it. Next to the Chicken Tikka Masala, it was hard for the Lamb Rogan Josh to shine. It was good and the lamb was nicely cooked and all but the spotlight was all on the Chicken Tikka Masala. Yum! Can't wait to try their other stuff!
Best Indian food I've had in a while. Really such a great. 

Starters: onion bhaji was like an Indiana latke. So crunchy and delicious. We actually ate it with Sag Aur Paneer that we ordered as an app. Tasted like Indiana spinach dip. It was insane. Used the cracker bread they bring to your table as a dipping tool. 

Dinner: everyone got a version of the tikka masala and was not disappointed- paneer and chicken were both outstanding. Creamy, savory, sweet and spicy. It hit all the high notes. If you don't want a cream based dish and need a lighter option I highly encourage the Ekta Kabob. Perfectly grilled with the best lime flavor. My boyfriend ended up stealing a little bit of masala sauce my plate to add on his rice. 

They bring you the basmati rice family style and will bring you more if you ask/run out. 

They close at 10PM and seem pretty adamant about it so don't come for late dinner. BYOB and they take credit cards. Basically a rarity. Wait staff is incredibly attentive.
Just walking on the same block as Ekta evokes cartoon scenes of Donald Duck getting grabbed by the nostrils by some magnificent aroma that carries him down the street. 
My husband and I got Ekta the evening of our at-home Zoom wedding reception (bc covid, lol) if that tells you anything about how good this place is. It was also our Thanksgiving meal- we got it the day before (they were closed for the holiday) and warmed it back up so it could be our holiday feast. Can you tell I really like it? 
Honestly, everything from this place is delicious. Navratna korma, butter chicken, onion pakora, chicken biryani... all mouth-watering and savory. I'm an Indian and this is my go-to Indian spot in the area. Prices are decent for the portions. Service and pickup are easy breezy.
My mouth demands Ekta on at least a monthly basis.  I agree with another reviewer that people unfamiliar with indian food try the chicken tikka masala first, veggies go with the mutter paneer (or anything with that cottage cheese). Overall there has been only one item on the menu I didn't enjoy immensely (the malai kafta dumplings were so-so).

Mainly, I'd recommend getting Ekta take-out/delivery.  The receipt of the food can take anywhere from a half-hour to over an hour, depending on how far you are and how busy they are. Be patient, they are busy!  They throw in a free dessert with delivery, which can be delicious rice pudding or unidentifiable fruit in milk.  Whatever, it's free.

From time to time I will go eat in the "restaurant," which is really just a kitchen with 2 tables.  But it is BYO, which is helpful because the kitchen staff are so busy cooking take-out orders that you are really their last concern, so don't expect quick service. If you're on a date and want a cute atmosphere go to Tiffin. 

But I prefer Ekta: it's cheap, it's delicious, I don't have to leave my apartment and I get a free dessert.  And there's always enough for lunch tomorrow...
i love ekta.  when i moved to philly from new york city i was so dismayed at the lack of good, spicy indian food available.  ekta is the only place that comes close.
When I lived in Northern Liberties I didn't give Ekta much thought. I would drive by, but knew that Tiffin was within a shorter walking distance. Plus Tiffin had been the best Indian I'd had in Philly so far, so I didn't feel any pressure to extend my search.

But after making the BIG move to Fishtown, we decided to give Ekta a shot. Well, I'm really glad we did because I like it more than Tiffin. The entrees are just as good (very little difference between the chicken tikka masala), and we liked their samosas better. The chutneys were more flavorful, and I always found Tiffin's chutneys and sauces to be watered down. Ekta's onion bhajis were also totally yummy! I could probably make a meal out of samosas and bhajis, but I am a sucker for fried treats. Plus Ekta is a few bucks cheaper than Tiffin.

I also love the free dessert. The kheer was so good, and I was really happy to have it after dinner. My fiance and I split an entree, plus one order of samosas and the bhajis, and there was still enough of the chicken tikka masala left over for his lunch the next day.

Ekta has definitely won me over.
Only the third time i've had Indian food, and the first time in Philadelphia. It was great. I hear they're adding a dining room next door, but for now it's just 2 tables in front of the counter, the kitchen is directly behind. Compact, to say the least. Good prices, fast service. Fishtown is on it's way. I don't even know what i ate. i split it with my friend with a side of naan bread filled with cheese. It was more than enough for both of us and the bill was only like 13 bux with a drink. I'll definitely go back.
Decided to give them a try and bypass my usual favorite Indian restaurant (sorry) because Ekta is closer. Well I was not disappointed.  
I eat the same thing at every Indian restaurant, I judge them based on samosas, lamb rogan josh, the pickle, and galub jamun.
The pickle was too salty for my liking however I enjoyed the large portion.  The galub jamun was good however most places I visit give you 3-4 balls, I only received 2.  The samosas were a great texture and completely filled, no missing or air pockets. The lamb Rogan josh was lovely.  Large pieces of lamb, very tender, and not gamey or sinewy.  The rice was fragrant and aromatic.
Overall, this is my new go to place for take out.   I gave 4 out of 5 stars because the pickle and galub jamun.
Money......Again.  Had the butter chicken and the tandoor chicken app.  I started to get really mad when I realized I was getting towards the end of the meal.  Best food ever.  I'm dreaming for an girlfriend who knows how to cook this kind of food!
Great indian take out - cheap and fresh.   I got a vegetarian dish, Malai Kofta, which was fantasic.  Just as good if not better than Tiffin.  There are just a couple of tables for eating in, so it's better to take out.  In the summer it was insufferably hot inside because of all the ovens; might be nice in winter, though.
Got delivery today...  The food is clearly high quality..  We ordered Chicken tika masala, lamb tika masala, and garlic naan.  All were delicious.
Fix the weak-ass Wonder Bread nan and you could very well claim the title Best Indian in Philadelphia.

Positively scrumptious and world-class.
Extremely reasonable prices.
Insanely huge delivery area.
Large, varied food orders delivered on time, with a smile, every item at the perfect temperature.
Two Indian thumbs up!
great place...especially if you find tiffin just a bit too expensive.  ekta is almost identical in quality, but it will save you some money.  the only real difference is that the sauces are slightly less thick than tiffin's and the paneer is smaller and a bit less firm.  other than that, you can't tell the difference.

i always order takeout, and they are quick and nice, and always throw in a sample of something new to try.  tip them well.  they deserve it!
Delicious!!!

We finally ordered Ekta for delivery the other night and wow, I was not disappointed. I had always thought Tiffin was the Indian take out place in Nolibs/Fishtown until I drove by Ekta. After looking up the reviews on yelp, I knew I needed to try it and boy was it delicious.

I ordered the Goan Shrimp curry based on many of the reviews I read, the butter chicken (per Vinny P's review) and the garlic naan all for delivery. Now, as a highly impatient person, delivery is generally my worst nightmare. They tell you a time and it almost always comes later and then ends up driving me completely crazy. To my surprise and excitement, Ekta showed up 10 mins early. I loved them already.

After one bite of the goan shrimp curry, I immediately knew that Ekta was my new spot. First off the sauce was great. It had kick, but not too much and finished with the perfect hint of coconut. The shrimp were also cooked to perfection. Then, tried the butter chicken. The sauce was packed with flavor and hints of heat and the chicken was also cooked perfectly. I find that my biggest issue with Indian takeout  tends to be that the food can be over cooked but Ekta did great. Both the shrimp and the chicken were perfect and I was happy. Then, the garlic naan was the perfect platform to grab the rest of the sauce on my plate to enjoy. Yum. 

To sum it up, I will absolutely be ordering more Ekta before this incredibly cold winter is over. Delicious Indian takeout is perfection on a cold winter night!
Ekta is hands-down one of the best Indian restaurants on the east side of the Schuylkill.  And - as a total bonus - they deliver all the way to South Philadelphia from their Girard Avenue/Fishtown home.  Unbelievable - talk about customer service!

My personal favorite menu items (all veg, non-meat eater here)
* Dal Makhani
* Paneer Tikka Masala - spicy!
* Masaladar Chola
* Samosa Chat
* Saag Paneer
* all the naan is good, especially the garlic naan

and their pickles are divine - really salty and hearty, just like indian pickles should be.  Ekta is divine and a permanent favorite in my book.
I think this is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city! Their chicken tikka masala is absolutely delicious, and the depth of flavor in every dish blows every other Indian restaurant out of the park. The chicken cubes are large but tender, which just perfects the dish in contrast to other chicken tikka masalas I've had that had dry, small pieces of chicken.

Do yourself a favor and get their garlic and onion naans so that you can savor every bit of the flavorful sauce, no matter which dish you get! The service is friendly and fast, and they are quick to refill your water and rice. The atmosphere is quaint and although the walls are a bit bare-bones, the delicious food makes up for all of it. 5 stars! My mouth is salivating as I am recalling my experiences here.
excellent food. i love it. i had the alu gobi and it was fantastic. no complaints whatsover- this is as good as it gets outside of india!
Ekta you have broken my heart.  

You must have gotten a Tiffin menu because you have raised your prices close to 20%.  I know that times are tough and when facing the idea of expansion, capital is important but changing a $8 dinner to a $10 dinner doesn't seem right.  Our two person dinners went from very reasonable $18 to a silly $28.

Ekta, I know that the long-tail theory has been kind of getting discredited lately but by the fact that every time I go in there there are 5 people waiting for the same crack-filled indian food, it seems like you guys are not hurting.  

I will never trust a restaurant again.
Ekta: I've read/heard the reviews about Tiffin being better, but I think Ekta is more persuasive on my taste buds. Tiffin feels good, but it has a tinge more of having been adapted. Ekta, though I'm not the from the good ol' sub-cont., seems more 'authentic.' As to the bitter complaints on the nan, I've never had an issue. One drawback this place shares with Tiffin, the tip area on take away receipts. I hate that. Tip for what again?
The review is for the delivery order.

Tandoori Salmon : flavorful, salmon is cooked well done without overly dry.

Papad: thin and very crispy it's salty.

Ekta dal: so far is my favorite. Seasoning is on point and not too heavy.
I finally got the chance to sit inside Ekta to eat.  The interior is rather tiny, and brightly lit, so don't expect anything too cozy.  They right away give you papad and 2 chutneys--green and tamarind.  The green however was oddly creamy and sweet. Four of us ordered Butter Chicken, Lamb Korma, Kadai Chicken, and Lamb Vindaloo.  Everything was served in a small copper pot that was a pretty big serving.  They didn't seem to give us enough rice, but it was refillable.  

I said before that Vindaloo would be the true test, and it certainly was.  Tiffin's vindaloo is MUCH better.  Ekta's was pretty mild and tomatoey.  Since vindaloo should be very hot, I asked for some chilies.  The waiter asked me if I want it chopped, which I did.  I expected small choppings of chili peppers, but instead I got about 5 chilies, 3 of which were simply sliced in half on an angle and the other 2 were whole.  Not sure what they were thinking, but I had to chop it myself at the table.  They also seemed to be light on the cilantro, so when I asked for some more they brought that out--chopped a little better.  

Ekta's secret seems to be cream, which can work sometimes, but not in everything.  I had to deduct a star simply based on the vindaloo, chilies, and nonstop cream, but compared to most places in the city this is pretty good.  I still much prefer Tiffin though.
if i got delivery from ekta as much as i craved it, i would be one fat fat girl.

saag paneer was tasty, and naan was still semi-warm even after waiting over an hour for delivery.  i feel like there are certain indian places that just add a crapload of spiciness to food, but here, there are more subtleties to the flavor that make it all the better.

but yes.  all indian food is greasy and fattening.  i cannot wait to have more.
Wanted to expand list of all the items I have had (or others with me have had and really liked) with prices. Warning: long, but will show favorites

Apps: Veggie Samosa (not my favorite, but people always expect it-$4), Onion Bhaji ($4), Samosa Chat ($5), Aloo Aur Papri Chat (my favorite app-$5), Cashew Roll ($6), Garlic Kabob (another favorite app-6), Kali Mirch Ka Machhi ($6)

Bread: Naan ($2.50), Peshawari Naan (among my favorites-$4.50), Garlic Naan ($3.50), Basil Naan (another favorite-$3.50), Hari Mirch Ka Naan (naan with green chilies-$4.50), Onion Naan (another favorite-$3.25), Rosemary Naan ($3.50), Paneer Naan (with cheese-$3.75), Palak Naan (stuffed with spinach; another favorite-$4.25)

Tandoor: Tandoori Chicken ($14)

Vegetarian Entrees: Saag Aur Paneer ($13), Dal Makhani (favorite-$12.50), Alu Gobi (favorite-$12.50), Masaladar Chola ($12.50), Baigan Bharta (favorite-$12.50), Kadai Paneer ($14.50), Ekta Dal (favorite-$12.25), Mutter Paneer ($13), Paneer Tikka Masala ($13), Malai Kofta ($13), Navratna Curry (favorite-$13.25), Ekta Vegetables ($13.25), Paneer Mangoli ($15)

Meat Entrees: Chicken Tikka Masala (favorite-$15), Chicken Curry ($14.50), Butter Chicken (favorite-$15), Kadai Chicken ($15.50), Chicken Vindaloo ($15), Chicken Korma ($15), Lamb Vindaloo ($16), Lamb Saagwala (favorite-$15.50), Lamb Chettinad ($16), Lamb Roganjosh (favorite-$15.50), Kadai Lamb ($16), Lamb Korma ($16), Goan Shrimp Curry (favorite-$18)

Biryani (best biryani I have ever had): Lamb ($16), Chicken ($15)
I've loved Ekta from delivery for a while. Good vegan options, amazing baji, true winners. I finally went to eat in the other day, and the dining room was cute, service was very nice, and as always, food was great.

My hubs adores the saag paneer, and I usually change between their version of chana masala (different name) and their ekta dal. The dal's a little bland, so probably a good choice if you don't like spicy food. I like it for a solid meal that always has leftovers, plus I've had too many chickpeas in my food career.

I'll probably make an effort to come back to their brick and mortar since it's a nice quiet experience. Always great, Ekta!
Basically if you're reading this, you're probably wondering if you should eat from Ekta or Tiffin.  As far as chicken/lamb vindaloo goes, Ekta is the clear winner.  Their vindaloo comes seething like molten lava, an evil red color born from the depths of hell.  As I eat in my underpants, endorphins shoot through and I start to sweat upon my couch.  That's what I'm talkin' about.  Tiffin's is much milder and to me that's a no deal.
I cheated on Palace at the Ben with Ekta this week. Yeah, I read Philadelphia Weekly's 50 best things you must eat in Philadelphia, and I'm a sucker for a good chicken korma. I had to try it out on principle, and man oh man am I glad I did. 

First of all, it's cheaper than Palace at the Ben. (Altogether, my boyfriend and I saved about $10 on the meal.) Secondly, despite their Fishtown location, they deliver to Center City (and the surrounding areas). And the portions are HUGE (I'm making three meals out of the one!). 

Then there's the korma itself--I wasn't disappointed... The flavor was delightfully spot on, the texture was creamy, and they didn't skimp on the chicken--there were huge chunks of white meat simmered in the delicious korma curry. (Contrast to Palace at the Ben, which tends to run a liiiittle on the greasy side, and uses dark meat. I prefer the naan at PatB, though, because it's fluffier.)

We do live in a world of consequences, however, so I'm subtracting one star for the hour and a half I waited for my dinner. 

In summary: LOVE the korma, hate the wait. Next time I'll order, go do the laundry, and then enjoy a well-deserved chicken dinner.
I would give this place more stars if I could. I always order delivery from this place, and I gotta say, it is the best Indian food that I've had in my life, no joke. The food always arrives hot, and the prices are great.

In my past life, my wife and I would regularly have Indian food from Vikram Vij's establishments, and he personally runs two of the best Indian restaurants in the world (go ask Mark Bittman and the New York Times) from a single city block in Vancouver . After going back to try his food again recently at Rangoli's, it doesn't even compare to what I get at Ekta. The flavors at Ekta are fresher, stronger, and just plain better. Coming to this realization was surprising to me; that a plain old restaurant in Fishtown could easily beat the food from one of the best Indian chefs in the world.

Go get food here. The good folks of Philadelphia have no idea what they are overlooking in this little restaurant on East Girard.
Sooo... might be biased as I write this since I just finished my Ekta dinner... but SO WHAT!  I even joined Yelp JUST so I could write this review!

Have been a fan of Tiffin since they opened but have been VERY disappointed in their performance in the last year... (45 minute wait for delivery -- which has actually averaged 1.25 - 1.5 hours!!!... Decreasing amount of chicken in their dishes... unfriendly phone service...)

SOOOO... now we have Ekta and it's AWESOME!  Convenient. Friendly.  More affordable... and the FOOD!  The Saag Paneer is OUTSTANDING.  Best in Philly fo' sho'.  Chicken Tikka was very tasty as well... and the complimentary Raita... nice!   I COULD NOT STOP EATING tonite... 

Will definitely get back into eating Indian on a weekly basis now that we have a new place in town... we'll see what happens when THEY get discovered... hopefully things won't go downhill like Tiffin...

My waistline isn't happy-- but my tummy is!!!  YAY EKTA!
For delivery/takeout, I'd consider eating from here again.  Dining in...no.

Came here Friday night, table for two.  The small dining room was packed, unsurprisingly, and we were told we could wait by the door.  Sure.  Another couple came in, were told the same.  No system for reservations, just wait for a table so when one freed up it was pretty much whoever grabbed it first.  The second couple stepped outside to wait as the inside is cramped and lost their table to another group who slipped in right when a table freed up.  Annoying.

The service was similarly aloof.  As others have said these people (Ekta employees, not Indians you racist monster) are not service oriented; it's what do you want, serve, get out.  Another annoyance was the fact that they bill themselves as a BYO yet (despite a bottle being on the table) we had to flag someone down to get glasses.  And don't expect an ice bucket, the table next to us asked and were told the best they can do is, uh, pop it in the fridge in the back.  No thanks.

The food was solid and cheap.  Granted I am no Indian food expert but I did enjoy it.  Watch the samosa chat, shit's spicy.  The lamb in my chettinad was a bit sinewy and very dry as well.  Not the best but the sauce was awesome, nice bit of spice.  Tried some chicken korma as well which had nice cashew flavor without being too heavy.  Definitely worth grabbing for takeout or delivery.
I had a bit of a saga trying to order Indian food last night, and Ekta saved me when I was hangry and frustrated.

I ordered from an unnamed competitor who told me 35 minutes for pickup. 45 later, I showed up and it wasn't ready- 10 minutes they said. 10 minutes later, they admitted my order was taken by accident by a delivery driver and they were "trying to get it back". I asked for a new order and they said they'd refund me. I was hungry and SO annoyed at the way they handled it.

I called Ekta to explain the situation and they said they'd make my order ASAP. And they did! 15 minutes later they brought my food right to my car and I was delighted. The person on the phone said I'd like my food better than unnamed competitor and they were right. The samosa chaat was so flavorful and lovely. The chicken tikka masala was delicious, topped off with garlic naan. I am so excited for leftovers for lunch today!

Can't wait to order again from them soon! Thank you Ekta for saving me!
Every time I call to place my order I always get very friendly service who explains my questions of the dish that I ask for.

Vegetable samosas: comes in two pieces. The dough isn't thick, not greasy, enough fillings. It's not spicy and not heavily seasoned.

Vegetable tandoori: the veggies are crisp and covered with herbs. Delicious.

Chicken jalfrezi: it's not creamy and seasoning is well balanced. There are chunks of chicken but slightly on the dry side with slices of red and green peppers. It's light and not too heavy entree.
I've been searching for awesome, affordable Indian food in Philly for six years now, and Ekta has just rocked my world. I was living in NYC before moving down to Philly, and there the options were endless: the cheap 6th St joints that probably share a kitchen, Curry Hill, reliable but over-priced Baluchi's, and the wealth of Jackson Heights, reaching a pinnacle at Jackson Diner (since gone somewhat downhill, but that's another review). So I moved to Philly, and there were cheap, mediocre buffets (e.g. the West Philly places) and expensive Café Spice. Other options came up over the past few years, but they were either let-downs or in the 'burbs. 

I don't know why it's taken me so long to try Ekta, but it will be but days before I call them again. We had the paneer tikka masala, malai kofta, and naan, and it was mind-blowing. Wow. Seriously, nearly on par with Jackson Diner at its peak, and clearly the best Indian food I've had between the Susquehanna and East Rivers (that's a wide swath of land, people). The naan was delicious; not quite restaurant-crisp but a few minutes in the oven would have seen to that (but who wants to wait?). The curries were just superb, the epitome of what Indian food should be: not freakishly hot but extremely well-spiced.

And, even with two people sharing, there are plenty of leftovers for lunch. The prices aren't bad, especially for food of this caliber, and with leftovers, the value is even better.

Ekta, expect my call.
-{My wife and I are in our late Forties, well travelled and well educated. Also we both spent about a decade each in the restaurant business. We live in Fishtown, Philadelphia. We both love great food and appreciate good service.}-
I wanted to mention that we have eaten here around 5/6 times before. 

Sunday 18th Sept 2016 night for dinner. 

So we decided we needed some Indian food last Sunday evening. I wasn't  that thrilled with my last visit to my local Indian restaurant Ekta, but thought well the no matter what the food is usually pretty good. 

When we arrived about 7:45 the restaurant was about half full. We were seated and menus brought over with waters. 
If you don't already know Ekta is BYO and also has a take-out part next door. The BYO makes coming here cheaper and you can bring whatever you want.
I was having some lite beers( they go well with Indian food)  and my wife was having a gin n tonic, also good with Indian food. 
My wife and I are both Scottish so we grew up with some amazing Indian food. ( Indian food is hugely popular in UK )

The host came to take our order, I ordered tandoori chick n and my wife ordered paneer tikka masala and also a garlic nan bread. Any time we have been in there it has been what looks like a husband and wife team, both have always been nice.

The restaurant is nice and clean they use real linen. Its one of those rooms that seems to amplify and carry sound really easily, you can hear other conversations quite clearly. God forbid you drag your chairs, sounds like an earthquake hehe.

The food arrived in a reasonable amount of time and looked and smelled good. I'm so glad we skipped the apps, it's very easy to fill up fast with Indian food. My chicken was nice and hot and just the right amount of spices. My wife's paneer was delicious, the sauce was yummy and creamy. I added some to my tandoori chicken, I thought that came with some sauce but it didn't. 
We actually managed to finish all of our food it was so good, and we didn't fill up on apps. 

So we were happy campers, nicely full with some spicy lips and tongue. 

I still think prices are a hair on the high side, maybe that's just my Scottish-ness, but when you consider the BYO, food quality, service etc it's all good.

I think they deserved 5 stars this visit. If anyone looking for some good Indian food then I recommend giving them a try, even if you are not from the neighborhood. Bring some good Indian beers or a bottle of your fav wine. 

We live a few mins walk from Ekta so we will always come back for tasty Indian cuisine.
As the star-ratings here say, Ekta is indeed "as good as it gets".  Don't be scared if you go there to pick up your food.  It's definitely understated (which is an understatement...  or something).  There is nothing about it that says it will be good.  You might even be a bit frightened.  However, I tell you that it's completely worth the trip (I say this as I've never gotten delivery).  The food is excellent, the prices are completely affordable (for those of us with less-than-normal paychecks) and the people there are very nice.  I thought the food was far superior to Tiffin and the prices were definitely easier to handle!
The review is for the delivery order.

Very nice service because they can accommodate my special order. I ordered korma with cauliflower and it is delicious.

Peshawari naan: I was expecting dry fruits and nuts as described in the menu but I found only a thin layer of ground nuts. That's why I took a star down.

Lachha Paratha is pretty good. Both bread came warm. 

Baigan Bharta and Masaladar Chola are full of spices. It's good but not mind blowing. 

My delivery comes with styrofoam plates an utensils. The food is still piping hot. Nice service 

I want to try the non vegetarian dishes next time
I tried this place after a friend recommended it and this is definitely one of the best Indian food I've had after a long time. They have a great menu and excellent choices of meat / vegetarian curry and tandoor dishes. I ordered the Ekta Kebab and Paneer Lychee which was really good. One thing about this place is that the owners and chefs are from Nepal, so you get a very unique blend of North Indian spices and this is not what we get in other local Indian / Pakistani restaurants. 

Bottom line - I would recommend this place to anyone looking for some great Indian food in the neighbourhood . Enjoy !!
Don't tell most of Philadelphia that I said this but, Ekta is better than Tiffin! Oh yeah, that's right! I said it...and what?!?!

So, you've had a crappy day and you got out of work late and you hit parking lot caliber traffic on 76 and life just kinda sucks a little??

Call Ekta and they will make it all better... Garlic naan loaded with Samosa Chat, Saag Paneer, Chicken Korma, Mango rice........... It's all good, it's all cheap and so far I can vouch for Ekta delivering as far down as the 22nd & Pine area and as far over as 30th & Poplar (who knows how far they'll go!?)
I talk about Ekta incessantly, and I'm pretty sure all of my friends are tired of me now SO you get to hear me rave instead. 

Best Indian food in the city hands down. The naan is buttery, garlicky (in the best way), and the perfect mix of soft and crunchy. Whatever dish you get: chicken tikka, saag, korma, aloo gobi, it'll be creamy, perfectly spiced, and rich. I haven't been disappointed yet.
I thought Tiffin was great.  Ekta is better:  spicier, tastier, cheaper.  If you're looking for Indian food in the River Wards, you've got to give this place a try. 

They're expanded their dining room but I always get takeout.  And I always get the peshwari naan.
I love eating at Ekta. Give me the spicy Chikem Tikki Marsala, Chicken Biriyani, and surprise me cause I need to try something different! Lol. Customer service is cool here. I totally recommend this place for those spicy Indian food lovers!
i am being nice by giving three stars, and i'm doing that because they were overly friendly there.  i recognized a couple familiar faces from tiffin, but this is no tiffin. which is odd because it's tiffin's former chef's joint. menu is similar but not the same. i ordered one thing tiffin didn't offer (samosa chat) and one thing it did (paneer tikka masala). rounded this out with a mango lassi and a basil naan. the samosa chat, very sorry to say as it's one of my all-time favorite indian dishes and something i've always wished tiffin would carry, was just not good at all. you know that weird burny flavor when tomatoes get stuck to the bottom of a saucepan and burn? it tasted like that, and oil. mango lassi was a lil sour, like the mangoes weren't at their peak. the paneer tikka masala was the exact same recipe as far as i could tell, minus about half of the paneer. tiffin's is $1.50 more expensive but there is a lot more cheese in that dish. rice was the same, and good. my basil naan used dried basil from a shake-can, and the bread was denser than i tend to like. i did like that the free accompanyment was a dessert, kheer. very yummy with lots of little cardamom blasts. the chef/owner took a lot of cues from tiffin (right down to the packaging, bags, labels, staff, delivery men in suits, and even the street - girard) but where it matters they don't live up. in my humble opinion.  :)
I love Ekta!

This is the best Indian food I have ever had. Ever. And I have sampled Indian food in Boston, Miami, all over Philly... Ekta wins! 

The atmosphere, as one of my close friends who also loves Ekta says, "Feels like you're eating in someones parent's living room." But no matter, it is dark and eerily quiet when it's not in full swing. But the food is to die for. I highly recommend the Saag Paneer or the Lamb Saagwala. The first is a healthy, vegetarian delight full of spinach and saucy, spicy but not firey deliciousness. The latter is full of lean, tender lamb, planty of vegetables and another spicy slightly firey sauce. 

I dare you to finish your entire pot of food. There is so much actual meal and an abundance of aromatic rice that going home without extras is a rarity. But if you're trying to go all out, definitely start with the Samosa Chat. a small bowl filled with lightly fried dough, yogurt, chickpeas, veggies, and millions of herbs and spices, I'm sure. It is both spicy and cooling (bc of the yogurt) and 100% delish.

Everytime I go to Ekta, I suffer Ekta withdrawal for the next week. But, in order to save the state of my sad college-student's bank account, I have forced myself to refrain from returning to Ekta at every craving.

 P.s. BYOB!
My husband went to India over ten years ago, almost died from dysentery and has refused to eat Indian food ever since. Sad for me; Indian is my all time fave.

Ekta has changed EVERYTHING. He now, against all odds, loves Indian food. There is harmony in our home; all is now right with the universe. Thank you Ekta.
Ekta was my go-to Indian spot when I lived on Shackamaxon. Although the cleanliness of this place was constantly in question, the deliciousness of the place is undeniable. Um, YUM?!? Yes.
I think at one point or another, I've eaten just about all the vegetarian dishes that they've had to offer and they're always really good. I highly recommend anything with paneer or nuts in them. Also, their naan is banging. Delivery is pretty quick too.
-1 stars for their questionable cleanliness.
Among the best Indian I've had in Philly.  The fact that Ekta is BYO is also a plus.  There are a bunch of great places nearby to grab quality beer.  Bottle bar east is a five minute walk.

A friend and I ate here about a week and split the lamb malai methi, and the chicken saagwala.  The meal started off with complimentary papadums and sauces; always a plus.  The lamb was cooked to perfection and the sauce had a bit of a kick to it but was really savory.  The chicken wasn't dry like most other saagwala dishes I've had.  Overall a good meal.  Why I don't give it five stars; slowish/impersonal service, and awkward atmosphere.  We were in the back with four other tables close-by and there was no music or other background noise generator.  Great meal overall though.
The menu price is a suggestion and not accurate. Don't be surprised when you have to give up your first born for mediocre (at best) Indian food.
Amazing! Don't get me wrong, I am a fan of Tiffin, but Ekta takes the cake. Their service is A+ with waiters catering to your every need before the customer lifts their head to ask. If being located on Girard Ave is not convenient enough to eat in their newly added dining area, they deliver to surrounding Fishtown-Port Richmond-Northern Liberties too. 
The food is out of this world. First place prize goes to The Chicken Tikka Masala dipped with Paneer Naan that hints to the tastes of a bowl of tomato soup with grilled cheese. Second and third place goes to the Lamb Rogan Josh, and the Chicken Saagwala. Each dish was more savor-able than the next. 
The large portions makes great leftovers
Bless Chef Raju Bhattarai, formerly @ Tiffin, for bringing a delightful bit of variety to us Port Richmond/Fishtown residents with EKTA (205 E. Girard Ave.)!!  The food is AMAZING, the portion size generous, and the price is just right --Perfection!!  Additionally, the staff are friendly, polite and helpful (especially when mispronouncing several dishes ;)  My friends and I ordered many tasty items from the menu, which I couldn't yet find online, so I thought it'd be helpful to list a bunch of our favorites.....

Appetizers
Veg. Samosa: $2.50
Onion Bhaji: $2.25 (yum!)
Malai Seek Kabob: $4.50

Vegetarian Main Course (w/ rice & sides)
Saag Aur Paneer: $7.50 (my favorite!)
Alu Gobi: $6.50
Masaladar Chola: $6.50

Non-Vegetarian Main Course (w/ rice & sides)
Lamb Saagwala: $8.95
Kadai Lamb: $8.95
Chicken Tikka Masala: $8.95

Tandoor (w/ rice & sides)
Tandoori Chicken: $7.50

Bread
Naan: $1.50
Pudina Naan: $2.00 (naan w/ mint...I was expecting more minty-ness, but still very good)

They're wonderful...& hope to entice the entire neighborhood ;)  Enjoy!!
Three stars for the PRICES! Four for the food. I have ordered takeout twice from Ekta: 
Lamb Biryani: A++, awesome. I have a lot of respect for this biryani after making it at home several times this year. It is a laborious recipe, and at Ekta one of the few things I believe to be entirely worth the price. $15 and they gave me a whole quart container of the stuff. I was a very happy lady.
Ekta Vegetables: Delicious! The menu described this as fresh vegetables sauteed in fresh tomato and mustard seed. From the description I thought perhaps this dish would not come in a creamy gravy, but rather one tangy and packed with flavor. While it was BURSTING with flavor, it was pretty creamy. Next time I might see if they can hold the ghee.
Aloo Aur Papri Chaat: Got all the ingredients, but proportions were off. Another legume was added apart from the typical chick peas, think it was an adzuki bean...a respectable bean but not one I believe has a plane in my chaat. One of my favorite salads when done right, but I wouldn't get it at Ekta again.
Chicken Vindaloo: Bomb. This is my bf's mainstay and he was happy with it. I also liked it but found the chicken to be a bit dry.
OH Ekta, as I eat my leftovers for lunch, I give thanks that you are the closest takeout to my house. I love the smell of you wafting down Girard and around the corner. I haven't eaten much Indian food in my life, but I hear there's nowhere better. I love you and the spice you add to my life! No wonder there's always double-parking going on!

(But what have you done to the front of your building?!)
Although I am an Indian food novice, I know amazing food when I taste it! If you are sick of the standard pizza, hoagie, cheesesteak callout options and live close to Ekta, you must give them a try.
Due to my aforementioned novice status, I played it safe and ordered chicken tikka masala.  The sauce was so delicious, that the chicken was really an afterthought.  I could make a meal out of that sauce alone, which I pretty much did with my garlic naan, also delicious.  I also highly recommend the coconut rice.
The food here is slightly more expensive than your typical callout food, but it is so much better.  They also give you quite a bit, so you can make two meals out of it.  And they deliver to Port Richmond! I can't wait to try more of their delicious food.
Indian food done well! Ordered takeout and the portion size lasted me 2 more meals! Great value - 5/5. The onion pakoras, butter chicken, and saag paneer were outstanding and would highly recommend. The dal was solid as well and each main came with a side of white rice.

I took off a star because the samosas come 2 in an order and when I asked for 2 they didn't warn me. The Naan are a bit small and the samosas also lacked the punch of spice that they are known for. 

Overall 4/5, food 4.5/5, service/communication 4/5.
Mmmm... Ekta.  There are dozens of different spices used in Indian cooking, and if you try enough of Ekta's menu, you'll probably enjoy them all.  At some lesser Indian places, everything tastes more or less the same.  Not Ekta.  So far each dish I've tried has been a marvelous, self-contained universe of flavors.  

The prices are decent too.  They're still holding the line at $8 to $9 curries, which used to be standard in Philly until a few places raised their prices.  Unfortunately the low prices only tempt me to order more dishes to stockpile yummy leftovers.

I've only done Ekta for delivery, so I can't comment on what the experience is at the restaurant.  If I ever find myself in their neighborhood, I will surely stop in for some curry!
I have gotten delivery four times, twice in the past week and every time was very satisfied   The dishes all arrived warm.  The taste of the sauces is more home-made than other Indian restaurants in town and West Philly. The Goan shrimp is an unusual offering and fabulous.  My naan was also superior and the rice well-cooked.   The tandoori was temptingly moist.. The Indian restaurant in Fort Washington is the only one I've been to with superior quality but also more expensive.
Adventured to a new place for dinner-- Theres two sections to the restaurant.. take out and dine in. Was slightly confused when first coming in... then OMG finally good indian food in philly! atmosphere was uber lacking, and the service was second rate but oh boy oh boy oh boy the food was awesome-sauce! i got the ekta chicken special and weeeee! my taste buds were so happy i smiled for two days after. wee hoo!
Good stuff. Every time there is traffic on 76, I get off at Fishtown to go to Ekta before heading back to West Philly. Somehow smelling the food from Ekta as I drive home locally makes everything magically copasetic.  

This is definitely one of the better places I've been to in Philly. 
When I usually go to Indian places, I stick to a few dishes that I know I will like. However at Ekta all the dishes I've tried were equally as tasty. I've never had a bland dish, and every dish that was supposed to be spicy was actually spicy:) I highly recommend their naan and samosas.
