I hadn't been here in years! Probably since they first opened and my husband indulged in a memorable (for him) skillet of brisket mac & cheese. My girlfriend and I had missed the window for opening hours at a newer sushi spot around the corner and this filled in as a nice, casual, back-up place, one I'm happy to have back on my radar. It is one of my good friends old favorites and since she was treating me for my birthday, how could I possibly say no? It wound up being the perfect place to nosh, drink and chat, in a fun, colorful atmosphere without being rushed! Happy accident. 

I actually wasn't very hungry, but found myself rather intrigued by their Mexican fusion offerings....

I started with a seasonal pumpkin brew after a busy day. They had a few on tap in October, which I appreciated and love. I forget what it was called, but it was a delicious cinnamon spiced IPA for $6. 

We shared her favorite, the fried pickles. They were a decent sized portion and remained juicy and perfectly dill and sour. They had a lighter coating that didn't over power the round and weren't dripping in grease. In fact, if I didn't know better I would say they were even baked. Loved them! 

I was shocked to see so many vegan and vegetarian offerings. I didn't remember them! We shared a plate of the veggie 'wings'. We chose the buffalo (they also have garlic and honey something)and they had an awesome kick. They were made of seitan and had crisped edges! Absolutely tasty and a plate I would love to share with hubs when we return. (And he's a meat-eater!) 

She also got a totally stuffed smoked chicken quesadilla to go. It was oozing with cheese and had an aioli drizzle atop. 

I noticed their tequila tastings, which sound fun and blood orange margs, which are my favorite! Would definitely love to come back for both!

I also noticed the quizzo sign! We are always looking for new spots to play! So fun!

I love the murals and lights in the place...so would my kidddos. And the outdoor seating, which will be calling my name come spring and summertime. 

Definitely heading back soon...for another plate of those wings, some tequila and a round of quizzo. Just my kind of place! Yum!! 

A good, laidback, less expensive place for a casual bite, or just to grab drinks with a friend and catch up! Nice to have one of these places when we're in the No Libs area.
I recently went to El Camino after having a mediocre visit a few years ago. I went in on a Saturday afternoon kinda during off hours to get a late lunch. The place was a little loud but relatively empty so we were seated quickly in a booth. 

I quickly saw the brunch menu that ended at 3pm and was stoked to see mango guacamole. It was a little expensive at $12 but I wanted it to I splurged. They give a perfect amount of guac for sharing and the chips are seasoned well. 

We ended up skipping the drinks but they have a ton of margarita flavors and it seems like they were doing a shot advent calendar...which is interesting haha. 

The main I ordered was a gringo burrito with seitan. I;m a vegetarian so I am grateful for all the options El Camino has to offer. Honestly, this was just what I was craving and was DELICIOUS. Everything tasted fresh and not too dry. Maybe I'm a gringo but I loved this burrito.

Definitely a solid Mexican place in Philly and I'll be back!
Camino used to be one of my favorite places in the neighborhood, but over the last year or so the experience has gotten less and less favorable, and this really culminated in an event from last night.  Short summary - I will literally never step foot in there again.

A group of my coworkers and I were enjoying happy hour, and yes, we were rowdy. However, this was nothing different than any other Friday night there that I've experienced over the last three years, and nothing different than the two other loud parties in the back room with us. We had made a reservation, but we're told we needed to leave because we had stayed beyond our reservation time, even though everyone was still ordering food and drinks.  Our bill ended up being over $400 for our large group, but one of the servers refused to keep serving us because we were "disrespectful" or some other nonsense. It seemed as if rules were arbitrarily created over and over just to discourage or express distaste at our apparently inappropriate behavior. 

There were a number of other microaggressions, but I really think that it came down to the fact that we had a racially diverse group in a restaurant that has grown accustomed to having a richer and whiter clientele than our table consisted of. It's sad that it is 2014 and this is the experience a group of educated professionals (of all colors and ethnicities, and of teachers nonetheless) has to be subjected to when literally spending hundreds of dollars at a supposedly hip and progressive establishment. Needless to say, we left pretty pissed off, gladly taking our business elsewhere. Thanks to the Abbaye for accepting our business with grace and respect.  Much love! (it's on 3rd Street, go there instead)
This NoLibs spot has a festive atmosphere, sharp interior, and strong drinks.

A friend took me here one night: she had drink coupons and I couldn't resist. Even without coupons, prices are decent. It was easy enough to navigate the space and mingle with the many patrons, and we had fun chatting with random folks. (Plus, there was a Bacardi promotion that night, so I scored a free shirt and a free shot!)

I'll be back for their food.
Many of you know that I'm proud to be a Southern girl, at least when it comes to some things. For instance, I love me some sweet tea. I think good country music stopped being produced around 1968. And I don't mess around when it comes to BBQ.

That puts me in quite a pickle, living in Philly and all. Sure, there are a few places that I can go when I need to satisfy my cravings (like Tommy Gunn's, Abners and a few others), but after a while you want something different. Thank god that Owen Kamihira opened ECR, because it's a breath of fresh air for BBQ lovers like myself.

I went for lunch recently and instantly liked it. The dining room is open, as is the kitchen, and there is a laid-back vibe in the air. Choose a booth or a table or grab a seat at the bar - it's all good up in this 'hood, because the friendly servers will take good care of you wherever you are. My friend and I started off with fried pickles (crazy delicious) and the jalapeno poppers (of which I declined - sensitive taste buds and all). We then moved onto the big stuff, and I actually remarked that I was glad I wore elastic waist pants (no, they weren't Sears & Robuck mom jeans, they were leggings. Have some faith in me, please.). The brisket I ordered was perfection, and it tasted like a meaty cloud in my mouth when paired with the sweet BBQ sauce. I'm drooling on my keyboard as I write this - it's that good. Add in some onion rings and hot damn! You've got yourself your new favorite meal at your new favorite restaurant.

Prices are totally reasonable, the bathroom is clean and you can watch people ride their bikes down 2nd Street while avoiding the speeding cars. I will be here often. If you see me, say hi!
If you're reading this update in isolation (not in the sense that you're in solitary confinement, but in the sense that you're not reading it along with my Penang update), I recommend you go to phillymonica.yelp.com.

Now, as part of my morning goals for the day, I promised I wouldn't drink or eat carbs, but would instead opt for a salad and go to the gym.

While I did go to the gym, I failed to "not drink." At lunch, I downed 2 margaritas (one with Canton Ginger Liqueur instead of tequila) and a Canton-bourbon-'arita. They were all so delicious I couldn't help but allow one to follow the other. 

I did order a taco salad though. Great food, but unsuccessful day, folks. Better luck tomorrow.
Stopped in after walking the streets of the 2nd Northern Liberties Street Festival. Great outdoor seating and enjoyed the bands while eating with a friend. 

I only had appetizers but was very pleased with my selections. Had the guacamole and chips which were awesome. I am a NEWBIE to 'guac'... The guacamole was creamy and I could taste the lime and tomatoes. Not sure of all the seasonings in the guacamole but it was soooooooo good.  Can't believe all these years that I told myself I didn't like it. Well now, I want to eat it all the time. Today was no different. The chips had a red lightly spicy seasoning on them which were tasty and the chips were also crispy. I had to stop myself from eating the whole bowl which I believe was for 2 but it was so fresh and "delish"... 

My second selection was the Mexican corn was sweet and had a distinctive yet delightful taste with the cojita cheese. I am a fan and would order again. I always love grilled corn that has been carefully "de-silked". My teeth were very happy and my tummy as well.
My Ranty Favorite Meal
by Ally G.

1) El Camino Real specializes in Northern Mexican food and Texas BBQ. Most of the menu items consist of meat. Even though their seitan dishes are quite satisfying, according to my carnivorous and vegetarian friends... The focus is mostly on the meat. It's all about da meat! But if something isn't perfectly catered to a vegetarian need, just chill... they try hard to meet your needs :D Try the interestingly cheesey side of corn!

2) For all you real foodies out there, you know and can appreciate ECR's fine choice in ingredients. Everything is either fresh or homemade! You won't find any of that nasty canned crap in the kitchen. So um... for those who say otherwise,shhhh, just chill... have another bite and savor it. Try the beautifuly smoked wagyu brisket.

3) The service might not be ECR's strong point. But cut them some slack... How many packed tables do you see? A LOT. All the folks there are way cool; trying their best to make everyones experience enjoyable! So call over your server, be patient, relax, just chill... enjoy good company! Try the Texas peach tea while your at it!

4) For all you Top Chef fans... Guess who's going to be in season 6! None other than ECR's lovely executive chef, Jen Zavala! (definitely the hottest contestant in Sin City).

5) Lastly... seasonal fruit cobbler... enough said.
Ya...

So last time I reviewed Bar Ferdinand which is conveniently adjacent from this establishment "El Camino Real" which by far is the closest thing to genuine tasty Tex/Mex and Mex made by "White Trendy Hipsters". But to the point I take back what I said about Bar Ferdinand. Especially since I friend the actual artist who did all the promotional art for the place and you can see his work every Thursday on the back of the City Paper advertising both BF and this place. 

Their pulled pork is extremely tender and will have you going Cookie Monster style nom nom for hours. What else but to have pulled pork on Texas toast and call it a sandwich? Only this place! And by golly it's worth every artery clog. And for you Vegan Making Time crowd, just kidding but you know who you are? ;)  They also serve Tex/Mex your way including fried pickles, YUM! Actually I noticed they really love their pickles. Everything including sandwiches come packed with them. I was pickled out by the end of my meal. 

I also noticed the crowds were great. Ranging of all trends, ages, and lifestyles, which to me is what most places should be. I didn't feel like someone was eyeing me up awkwardly and a waitress didn't say...

"Sorry you're wearing sneakers, I um can't serve you"

( Thanks Steven Star! *thumbs up* )

Anyway, all are welcome here and it certainly carries a great vibe which the ever expanding condo rising Northern Liberties needs.
This is the first time I've ever re-reviewed any place (on earth). I just got home from another great meal at El Camino and I felt it would be a disservice not to give this place 5 stars. The moist beef brisket was a revelation! With no additional sauce needed, the meat was tender, flavorful, and delicious. Complimented with texas toast and pickles, it was as good as it gets. The chips and salsa were also top notch; I love the extra spice they add to the chips. Finally, $20 for a margarita pitcher that poured us about 6 glasses... that's a great price around philly. El Camino, you complete me.
Three words:

NOM
NOM
NOM

What a completely sublime experience that did not, I repeat, did not break the bank. I fed myself and three other people for under $40.  And they were fed with some of the best food I have had in the city.  The brisket drew oohs and ahhs from all party members at the table while we were treated to some ginormous texas toast and delicious taco salad.  

The service was top notch with water, chips and food being delivered very professionally and succinctly.  Well done!  

This will seriously go into the rotation of great places for us to eat nearby.
El Camino Real is solid good times.  I'm a sucker for al fresco dining, and that's one of their strongest assets.  

Now onto the important stuff: food.  While it's not fancy, the portions are HUGE!  Worth every penny.  I ordered the taco salad with seitan, expecting a medium sized plate.  This one was HUGE, with greens, tortilla chips, black beans, corn, and seitan aplenty.  The dressing was tangy and spicy.  I still managed to polish it off, anyway....

Another thing I love here?  The pickle chips, with their spicy chili dipping sauce....yum.  While I've not ordered my own barbecue here, I've tasted the ribs, the texas toast sandwiches, and fries - and damn, are they good.

The one weird thing about ECR is that the servers always have a deer-caught-in-headlights look.  I have no idea why, but they always look lost.  Chill out dudes, I won't bite your head off.

I'll be the first to admit that I'm no foodie - or rather, I'm a foodie for street food, ethnic cuisine, and cheap eats.  ECR manages to accomplish huge portions of Tex Mex food at a good price.  I dig.
This place is awesome, and if I actually had a full meal here who knows what the rating would have been. I can definitely tell you though that my marg and endless chips and salsa with some guac was pretty damn awesome. The hipster bartenders and wait staff - super friendly and on top of their game, and the ambiance was nice.
The literal Tex-Mex combo was super unique and definitely added to the character of this place.

I came with a few people prior to dinner. We actually meant to head to a different Mex restaurant but, this spot was first and my friends got confused. We ordered the pitcher of margs, I think passion fruit (don't hold me to that) but, it was great. We were all asked individually salt or sugar, I went with sugar and it was mighty fine compliment to the marg.

We went with chips and guac and the bartender recommended to get the endless chips and salsa at $1 or $2 a person. Great idea. The guac was a pretty large serving and we were served three types of salsa! We always had chips as the bartender was on top of his game and overall my party and I were super happy. On a side note, we were at the bar right by the food service area and I was watching ginormous burritos go by and yet the place smelled like ribs. What an amazing combo right?

I'm no local but, I definitely enjoyed this spot and would come again. They had outside seating, yay for that and this 'hood is pretty cool, so two thumbs up for that as well. Definitely wish a spot like this would open up in my 'hood - ahhh maybe one day.
We had received two recommendations for El Camino so we knew we had to try it. The food was delicious but overall the restaurant was INCREDIBLY loud. We were there on a Thursday around 8:00, so we expected it to be busy, but we weren't prepared for this volume. Besides that, the food was fantastic and we definitely want to go back to try some of the other options.
Ugh.. why is this place so amped up? This is what I hate about "hip joints". The service is awful & rude, the food is over priced, and they give you insanely small portions of it. But unfortunately, the food is good! I ordered a chicken burrito and it came wrapped up in two separate tortillas that looked like skinny, flat Taco Bell tacos and it came with some pathetic small salad. STILL HUNGRY! We had to go get a slice of pizza afterward.

My friends were equally disappointed, if not more and the waitress was a total bitch! She brought us all water with loads of ice except for my one friend who happen to be African American. Coincidence? I wouldn't put it past her since her attitude was so shitty. It also took her about 15 minutes to get our orders & then we waited painfully long after that for the food to actually arrive.

Thanks a lot El Camino "Real"... up the food, get better servers, & maybe I'll come back.
Read Catherine L.'s review - and my sentiments are echoed.

A close friend and I came here  for dinner.  When we had trouble finding the place (we were at the "A Full Plate" end of Liberties walk, we called on the phone and a nice man came out to get us and walked us over.  This, alas, was the best part of the meal.  Things got progressively worse and worse.

First we were seated (inside - at our request) and our drink order was taken by a clearly overworked, spread-too-thin male server (who was very nice and tried his best - 3 stars for him).

After taking our meal order we waited, and waited, and waited...

And waited some more...

And finally asked harried server to please bring our chips and salsa (as he had just brought some to another table nearby).  We were starvin'!

The smoky salsa and salsa verde arrive - in hot bowls "fresh from the d/w" and thus we had warm salsa.  Yech.  And the salty chips were "chipettes" (or to be mean - crumbs.)  smashed to smithereens.

OK, things aren't so great - but we await our entrees.
Wow - Impressive looking - I order a single beef shortrib and feel like Fred Flintstone.  This thing is HUGE.   Gi-normous!  Like a brontosaurus rib.  Alas - there is no sauce.  My friend orders an "OK" pair of Chicken burritos that are no better than Qdoba.  

So here's the kicker...  About 3/4 through the entrees, frantic server appears again with a six-pack of sauce.  He gives me a bottle of HOT and a bottle of SWEET.  I pour out a bit of the sweet onto my plate (disregarding the crust around the rim of the squeez bottle) and dip my meat in.  UGH!!!  Racidity Central.

The HOT sauce is not rancid - and has a nice flavor but it just to hot for me.

My appetite is now officially GONE.

And shortly thereafter, so were we.  I will not return.

Such a disappointment.
Sad, very sad burritos. 10$ got me a pair of burritos that were tiny in size and in flavor. Salsa options are basically non-existent with really only a choice between pico de gallo, and bottled hot sauce (two.. yes two different types of tabasco!). The plating itself looked like it was missing something as the plate was nearly empty. At least put it all on a smaller plate and make my burritos look bigger! 

I'll upload a picture and you can see for yourself.. I even included a standard table/butter knife for scale. It dwarfs the burritos. All of this is just contributing to my #burritodepression here in Philadelphia.
Inconsistency Central!  El Camino - stop playing with my affections!

A girl can only take so much.  At first blush, your seemingly endless bowl of chips, (which is only as good as your server can replenish, it appears), smoked tomato salsa, tomatillo salsa and chunk guac is all nice and good - until super sloppy, absent and inattentive service starts to wear on you.

But like the good girl that you are, you perserve, because you're patient, you forgive easily and you believe in the restorative power of a good meal.  But that good meal never comes.  What you get instead is a big gringo burrito that you can't even finish because the whole lot is filled with undercooked overly crunchy rice.  Your supporters (i.e. dining companions) also bear the brunt of your poor choices with a burrito and its contents barely cooked through, and a burger that wasn't cooked to the right temperature. 

Your cool factor can't save you here, El Camino - especially when you're operating at full capacity - your kitchen and staff can't seem to cut it. Like other people have experienced, you are hot and cold and it seems lately, it's been mostly chilly.
Oh, how I wish we could do half stars.  This place doesn't quite deserve 4 stars.

I decided to try El Camino Real on a Tuesday night since it's impossible to get a table on a weekend (see my review of Bar Ferdinand). 

Walking in last night ECR immediately endeared itself to me.  Cibo Matto was playing! Throughout the whole night there was a super fun mix of 80's and 90's music. It was great. Of course it's neither Mexican or Texan, but great nonetheless.  We are in Philly, after all.  I even got the pleasure of watching a server dance like M.C. Hammer. 

The food was delicious.  The pig wings are a stellar idea. Their blue cheese is super strong. The pig wings aren't spicy at all, just wonderfully cooked. My friend and I ordered the brisket sandwich and the short rib sandwich.  We both joked about how the kitchen seemed to throw whatever toppings they felt like on the sandwiches.  The sandwiches are huge, thanks in part to the thick sliced toast. None of the sauces were very hot, but the fries are super spicy. I eventually gave up trying to eat them. 

The place has a great selection of drinks and food.  It's really hard to decide what to order if it's your first time there. The service was decent, if a little slow towards the end.  

The reason I really want to under-rate ECR is how our leftovers were handled. My friend and I both asked to have our food wrapped up.  We each had half of a sandwich, a plate full of fries, and sauce. So the server packs it up, puts it in a plastic bag and places it all next to my friend.  Now, I think I need to state two things.  One, I was in the bathroom when my friend asked to have the food packed up so I don't really know if something was said and misunderstood. Two, my friend is male and I am female (and super pretty! just kidding). But you can imagine my surprise when we get back to my place and attempt to divvy up the food. 

They use the foil containers that fold over a cardboard top. So they aren't super easy to open and close. The first container is our sauces in two plastic containers. Weird, and annoying since it's a waste of packaging.  The second container was only fries.  Both of our fries, combined! The third container was the top piece of bread to each of our sandwiches.  And finally, the fourth was the bottoms to our sandwiches. I'm not sure why our server decided to combine our meals in so intimate a way.  Maybe he assumed we were a couple and heading to the same place?  Even so, that's pretty brazen, and totally out of the norm. 

The place is so popular on Yelp, I really wanted to love it. But in the end, I was just weirded out by their packaging of the leftovers.  Weird.
(to the tune of "Come on Over" by Christina Aguilera)

Hey, friends, don't you know
Got some specials going on (they do)
Got a good location, can eat chips and dip all night long.
El Ca-mino, the chips, so fresh, can't stop myself, give me
More and more
The meat is smoked, don't wanna eat that bread? 
Grab a wrap
and Listen to me

El Camino rules (so visit here baby),
Queso makes you drool (that cheese will make you go crazy)
Guac? Give me a pool!
Now gang, don't all be shy - Margaritas of every type.
You wanna feast all night?
El Ca-Mi-no rules!

Ok, a few caveats. It's good - maybe not QUITE the best when it comes to Mexican, think more Tex-Mex, but the meat is tender, the pitchers are hearty, and the chips are salty. If you're getting chips and dip, and you see "flour chips" listed, forego them for the corn tortilla chips. You'll be glad you did. Sandwiches can be wraps, OR served on thick Texas Toast.

The bathrooms could use a bit of cleaning (or a few more stalls) and the music was FAR too loud when we arrived recently (and, honestly, on most visits) but if it's early enough they'll turn it down. There's outdoor seating, tequila flights, and it's close to a whole buncha other NoLibs hangouts. Not much to complain about, and man, I love that queso.
When John mentioned that Jennifer from Top Chef used to work here, I got super excited. Google showed me that it wasn't the contestant I'd been thinking of, but I was still curious enough to want to try the place. The wait was close to 45 minutes as estimated, and we eventually got a small table by the window. For lack of supply our table wasn't equipped with the same set of hot sauces as the neighboring tables. Margarita flavors of the day were strawberry or mango, and a pitcher of the latter pleasantly sloshed us by the end of dinner.

I was sad to see that their menu online hadn't been updated with the recent changes. While I understand that it's a pain to keep stock for a vegetarian ingredient that isn't present in any other dishes, I'd been really looking forward to the cactus and sweet potato burrito. Which reminds me, I haven't seen a neighborhood so vegetarian-friendly in a long time. John was gung-ho about what appetizers we were going to get, so I let him take charge of those while I picked out our entrees. Given the amount of food we were about to indulge in, we opted to pass on the endless chips and salsa. As strongly as his roommate recommended the barbecue, I was pretty realistic about our consumption of food and chalked the pork belly off for a later visit.

I've never seen fried pickle chips cut so thick (a hefty quarter-inch), and the texture was right on the border between cuke and pickle. The spicy chili mayo it came with was an okay pairing, nothing special. Of everything on our table it was the least spectacular, and as a result it was the only thing we left unfinished.

The single order of veggie wings with ranch sauce arrived at the same time as the other app. Celery and carrot sticks were acceptably fresh, though the celery was the lower quality of the two. The seitan was sliced thin and fried to crisps before tossed in buffalo wing sauce. An interesting plate that I was content to eat, but definitely takes an open-minded palate to appreciate. Not sure that I'd get this again, but I'd be tempted to make this at home if I went herbivore.

Since the shrimp and chorizo burritos each came as a pair, we traded our spares to share the entree experience. The radish slices were nice to have, but I was unimpressed by the jicama cabbage slaw. I think my main criticism is that the tortillas tasted straight out of the package. I would've enjoyed each bite more had an attempt been made to lightly grill the wrappers. The chorizo was my favorite of the two; instead of pineapple, it's now served with roasted red potatoes that give it a fantastic rustic flavor. The wedge lime lightened the heaviness of the burrito, and I could totally picture this as an amazing breakfast burrito if scrambled egg were included. The shrimp burrito tasted of very fresh ingredients, but citrus wasn't present enough to make the seafood really pop. Sadly, this made the room-temperature tortilla overwhelm the light flavor of the shrimp.

Service was friendly enough to come by to top off our glasses for us despite the packed crowd and the pitcher being right there for our own dispensation. Two bathrooms behind the ATM/cigarette machines, surprisingly clean and tagged with random graffiti that actually fits right in with the feel of the place. The art on the windows made me smile, and the hubbub was too noisy for me to make out the TVs by the bar. I'd be interested in coming back at least one more time for food, and I'd definitely come back for boozing.
$2.50 classic margaritas (strawberry costs $3.50) during happy hour are the bomb dot com! Absolutely delicious and had me dancing in my seat :p 

Simply put, I'm just not a big fan of the food here. I came here for dinner with family and friends and everyone left food on their plates...not normally atypical but then again no to-go boxes were needed either :/ Meat was just not tender and food was somewhat bland.

Service is also hit or miss and the place can get pretty raucous, which is cool for happy hour but not for a nice dinner with parents or a business dinner. This is a happy hour only spot for me.
I'm giving them 4 stars for good food, good drinks, good service and good ambience. 

A friend referred me to this place while visiting Philly. I came here alone on a Friday night and sat at the bar. The place was pretty busy with all tables filled and people standing at the bar waiting on a table. 

I missed the margarita hh since I came around 9ish. I ordered a margarita,  mahi mahi tacos and the chips and guacamole (don't judge! I was super hungry) 

The guac was so damn spicy. The chips are seasoned with spices so I'm sure that added to the spiciness. The tacos were super tasty and the drinks had the right amount of alcohol. 

Everyone that passed at the bar was super friendly with saying hello and the actual bartender had the right amount of attentiveness and interaction. 

I watched Rocky and enjoyed all 3 margaritas. Will definitely return when I come back to Philly.
You know, maybe I went wrong with choosing the mexican side of the menu.  My friends love this place. They typically go with the tex-mex.  I had dinner here with this extremely hot piece of a. I know.  sXy. The margaritas very pretty watered down.  We ordered the fruit of the day margarita.  My friend said he likes  the "fruit of the day" flavor because you never know what kind of fruit you are going to get. It could be poop flavor fruit...or something like that.   Anyway fruit of the day ended up being strawberry. Blah. Not impressive. 
The service in this place was terrible. No one gave us menus when we were seated.  So I walked over to the bar and asked the bartender for menus. Our waitress took forever to come over and take out order.  Our food came pretty fast that was a plus.  I ordered the Carnitas Burrito. I really wanted the Lengua Burrito I read about on the restaurants website.  Unfortunately it looks like they may have taken it off the menu.  Does no1 want Braised Calf Tongue as much as I do??? WTF People?  My friend (sXy) got the fish burrito.  The food was good.  But not impressive.  We've  definitely had better burritos in our lifetimes. We both ordered platters i.e../ rice and beans. Our platters came out with no silverware.  So I ate my rice and refried beans with my fingers.  JK. I walked back over to the bar and demanded silverware.  That bartender took better care of me than our waitress did. 
I will go back one more time.  I will opt to sit inside vs. outside in hopes of better service.  I will also order the pork ribs and hope for the best. Maybe I'll even try the poppers.
I was at El Camino for so long last night that my friend and I started taking shift breaks with the employees. I'm not kidding. We got there at 10pm and didn't leave until 2. Elaine, Philly's best bartender, refused to give us our check and kept refilling our beer glass. Then, as employees finished up their last tables, they joined us at the bar and did shots with us. 

I met Jimmy, the El Camino waiter responsible for the Bar Ferdinand artwork (that you probably saw in the back of CityPaper/Philly Weekly)? He has a handlebar mustache, people. He has a handlebar mustache.

My friend and I ate the chicken burritos. If you care about my opinion, every visit should include El Camino's chicken burritos; they're the best things out there. Also, I went with the meat sampler platter. There was some pork, short rib and more beef. The guac is also a must.

Looks like more and more people are finding out about El Camino. There wasn't an empty seat in the house.
el camino real is a half mexican restaurant and half bbq restaurant which just opened on liberties walk.  i went last night and i loved it!  i stuck with the texan menu because i was craving seitan (but will be back for fish tacos from the mexican menu).  i started out with the veggie wings then got the BBQ seitan for my main. our waiter warned me that these were both very similar dishes before putting our order in, which they are, but that was OK by me cause they were both excellent. the wings have the sauce on them and ranch on the side, while the BBQ seitan has the BBQ sauce on the side and yummy grill marks on the seitan. i definitely recommend the spicy sauce over the sweet (which was a little too sweet-tomatoey for me). had some guac, too, with some very salty (good) chips.   had a root beer float doused in rum for dessert.  i think this place will finally fill the seitan void in my life leftover from when azure closed earlier this year. i'll be back soon and often.

service is excellent too, by the way... chef and manager both stopped by to ask how things were, and our waiter was very attentive.
El Camino Real is easily the best TexMex establishment I have ever been to.  And this is for the simple fact that they have foregone all of the traditional "TexMex" fare and opted instead for a generous menu of both Texan and Mexican favorites with enough flair to make menu deliberation a lenghty and sometimes strenuous process.

The GF and I visited this place on a lark yesterday having heard good things from anyone that had experienced it.  We were more than pleased with our decision to El up to the frozen north and give this spot a try.

The food was well prepared and tasty, though with such an extensive menu, we didn't even have a chance to venture to the mexican side.  The Texas BBQ that makes up the bulk of the other side was delicious, and included a number of vegetarian options.  Being the pork lover that I am, I settled on a shaved pork loin sandwich with their spicy sauce, while the lady had the bbq seitan.  Both of us were pleased with the results, despite having gorged ourselves on appetizers already. Speaking of appetizers, the pickle chips (cornmeal breaded), jalepeno poppers and chips and salsa were all fantastic, though the portion size of the poppers would feel better if it were slightly less expensive.

The food isn't the only treat to be had at El Camino.  Both of our drinks were tasty and delivered quickly.  The Michelada was spicy and refreshing (I like clamato, who knew?) and the Margarita was tangy and tart.  Both highly recommended (though I was also lusting after the bottle Mexican Coke).

I am anxious to get back to El Camino Real to give the rest of their menu and their brunch options a shot.  In the meantime, I have my memories and an extra pound or two around the middle to reflect on.  Delicious!
Basically by chance, I've been to this place three times in the last few weeks.  I don't feel like going too into depth about the place, so I'll make it quick.

The Bar:  The bar does not have a single rotating tap.  The only things worth drinking here are Legacy Dear Abbey Dubbel or the Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale, and even those can get old if you come too often.  It's also overpriced; $7 and $6 respectively for the aforementioned beers. Here's the redeeming quality that makes it all worthwhile: half priced pints, pitchers, and margaritas from 5-7 on weekdays.

The Food:  The menu is split into two separate sections, Mexican and Texas.  I've had the barbeque and a burrito, and both were good.  The menu is a mixed bag with some great deals and some overpriced dishes, so chose wisely.  You will also save money by ordering your sandwich and sides separately, which is really strange.  If you take a moment and check out the menu, and ask your server a few questions, I'm sure you will be happy with your choices.

My conclusion is that El Camino Real is a fine place, as long as when I go, it's happy hour, and my visits are not too frequent.  $2.50 endless chips and salsa are an excellent appetizer, with green and smoked red salsa.
The food is way underwhelming.  I can't believe how bland and badly put together the nachos were.  Had a good variety of food - street corn was soggy and bland; ribs were dry; potato salad was weird, some other problems.  Fried ice cream was delicious except for the weird, stale, inedible shell it was sitting on.  Carnitas were good.

Don't believe anyone who claims this is the best mexican food in town - they are severely misguided.  There are way better non-Mexican places who have killer nachos, like the POPE in south Philly.

Also the management seems to be childishly unprofessional.  My server mischarged my credit card and I didn't notice til two days later while checking my online bank statement.  It's now been a week since the incident, and three calls to mgmt have been made on my part, and there's been no response or refund to my account.

I could suggest a hundred places in Philly to go before this.  I hate to write a bad review but this restaurant deserves it.
id rather go to taco bell.....this place is garbage

The managers name has to be Turd Ferguson (gone in 60 seconds reference) we had bugs on our food and he didn't care and said it was "normal"

Terrible service / subpar food
I'm sort of obsessed with El Camino Real lately. Why? It might be the fried pickles, which are amazing and one of my favorite things to eat, ever. It might be the margaritas, which are quickly moving up my "best margaritas in Philly" list. It could be the gooey cheese enchiladas, topped with a fried egg (everything's better with fried eggs on top). Maybe it's the tender beef brisket, with a mix of the spicy and sweet sauces drizzled on top. But why try to justify an obsession when I could just indulge in it instead? Yum.
This place has it's own style, great food, friendly service and oh did I mention a boozy brunch? Yes, follow me.....

I have never actually come to eat here on a regular occasion, but always come Sunday for their boozy brunch (1 free drink with entrees). And I'm almost embarrassed to say that I always order the same thing, because I fear nothing else on the menu living up to it. Thankfully, we always come with friends and I talk them into ordering/sharing their plate.

My favorite dish I actually ordered by coincidence, because brisket is not something most Colombians make....and the word alone did not sound appetizing. Thankfully a steaming skillet passed by me and the wafting smell of meat slapped my nostril follicles into a trance. The skillet is a heaping mound of potato cubes, perfectly seasoned with bell peppers, salt, onions and chunks of deliciously tender brisket; they top it off with two eggs and lots of scallions....oh and a side of Texas toast to get your carb fill for the week. 

My hubby-to-be always orders a Breakfast Burrito, which is also very delicious- and if you are an avocado aficionado like us, you will definitely enjoy. It is a thick burrito stuffed with eggs, avocado and he adds bacon.

They also have these amazing sauces that are either sweet or a little spicy, that compliment basically everything perfectly. Sundays are $12 pitchers of mimosas/bloody marys so we tend to do that. Parking is not bad at all for the brunch crowd and I've never had to wait for a table more than 10 minutes.
Camino Real is very consistent. Come here on a Thursday-Friday-Saturday night and you'll find a crowd. My favorite thing from here is the chicken+ bacon taco because it comes with Sweet plantain! The staple items are the margarita which are great during happy hour. The wings are really good as well. I also went to breakfast once and everyone at the table enjoyed their individual meals. I love coming to this place especially when they're not as crowded i.e weekdays.
First off. This rating is for service and not the food. I have to stress that first. That being said I can't begin to say how disappointed I am in the service (or lack there of) I received tonight. I actually frequent this restaurant and have for years. Tonight I attempted to bring 7 of my friends along to enjoy dinner here for a birthday celebration. When we arrived we asked what the wait time would be. The hostess who was very nice told us 20-25 minutes for indoor or we could be seated immediately outdoor. The 8 of us were talking and another woman arrived at the hostess station and told her it would not be 25 min but 45 to an hour. So we asked to be seated outside. The hostess explained that if we chose to eat outside if it rained there would be no guarantee we could be moved indoors. We agreed and that was fine. The hostess then mentioned to the other young lady (who I would later find out was named laney) that we chose outside and she was worried about the rain. Laney told her "well that isn't our problem". During the time that I was speaking to the hostess the other young woman kept repeating what the hostess was telling me. I'm an adult and I can hear plenty well so I knew what she was saying the first time and didn't need a third party repeating it. 

While the hostess sat the rest of my party I stuck around to ask the young lady if there was a problem or if we had done something to annoy or offend her. She simply stated she wasn't referring to us she was talking about something else. Ok. 

After the hostess sat us, no one ever arrived to take our order. No one even brought us water or asked if we wanted a drink. Nothing. To be so worried about us possibly eating in the rain, yet no one cared to try to get our order in a timely manner.  

After waiting with no sign of service what so ever, I picked all of our menus up and returned them to the hostess. I have never been so disappointed in the service I've received here. It's one of my favorite places to eat but tonight it left a bad taste in my mouth.
I should preface this review by saying that this review is not based on one particular visit but on the numerous times that I have been here.  I have primarily eaten dinner but have had lunch on a couple of occasions. With that said, on to the review.

The restaurant is informally divided into three different service areas: the bar area towards the front, a larger sitting area towards the back, and the outdoor seating that surrounds the establishment.  

The bar area has seating at two different bars, high-top tables, and booths.  This area can get somewhat crowded and for some reason is louder than the rest of the place.  I think its a combination of the people standing at the bar and the music.  On busy nights, people will gather by the bar while waiting for their tables despite the fact that there is no room set aside for them to gather there. For this reason, try to avoid sitting at the high-top tables on these nights unless you like sharing our intimate conversations with complete strangers. 

If you end up sitting at the bar, the bartenders are usually very friendly. They are also usually very busy since they take care of the bar patrons as well as sling drinks for the rest of the customers. Oh, there are TVs with sports on usually if you want to sit at the bar and don't want / don't have anyone to talk to.

The back seating area is just an ordinary seating area and is fine. 

The outdoor seating, made up of picnic style tables can be great to hang out at on nights where the weather is nice.  Great for people watching too . . . if you're into that sort of thing.  I've found the servers at all of these areas to be equally friendly and attentive so don't worry that you will be ignored sitting outside.

Beer selection is pretty good.  Mexican beers, local micros and Slyfox and Sixpoint cans, I believe. PBR for the hipsters. If you're a beer snob, you'll find something you like.  They also have the usual Mexican-style cocktails. I ain't got time for that though so you will have to ask some one who regularly consumes drinky-drinks about them. 

The food is the absolute best.  I'm a vegetarian so its sort of unusual that I get to eat Tex-Mex (I usually get to eat Mex, but definitely not Tex), and they don't have a huge selection here, but what they have is top notch.  Bottomless chips and salsa are excellent.  They give you some sort of smoky salsa and salsa verde. I highly recommend the former, the latter is okay. 

I always get the veggie wings.  The sauce is pretty spicy and flavorful but does not taste like burning, and the fried seitan pieces it covers are crispy.  Love dipping them in the blue cheese sauce.  These are by far the best veggie wings around putting to shame the ghastly tofu wings I am usually subjected to at lesser establishments.  I have scoured the internet for recipes trying to duplicate these wings but have failed miserably.

I also always get the enchiladas. They have a really smoky chipotle sauce and are topped with a fried egg. Absolutely amazing.

For you meat-eaters, I dated a girl who used to always get the Chronic which is a pulled pork sandwich with mac and cheese and bacon on top.  The fact that she used to eat this sandwich despite the fact that she usually avoided eating anything she had to eat with her hands is a testament to its greatness.  I personally can speak for the mac and cheese which I sampled off the top of the sandwich.  For you mac and cheese connoisseurs, the noodles are slightly al dente with creamy, but not too creamy, cheese and jalapeno breadcrumbs.  Again, awesome.

I don't know what it is but this is one of my favorite places to eat in the entire world. I know its not perfect, but my love for their food blinds me to all its imperfections, much like a mother loves her children unconditionally.  In fact, I saw the chef at Latkepalooza earlier this year and took it upon myself to gush about the food all the while making an ass of myself.  

You should go there.
El Camino has never done me wrong! I'v been here on Saturday nights and I've been here during the day on a Monday before. Completely two different worlds. If you're coming on a Saturday be prepared to wait, BUT it's always worth the wait. You usually can swing a seat at the bar while you wait and if you do I highly recommend their house margarita the El Camino or their jalapeño margarita! Both are equally as good, but if you're looking for some spice the jalapeño is right up your alley! Monday is way different. You usually can just walk right in and sit down anywhere. Service is always on point.

Everything I have ever ordered from El Camino has always been excellent. My two favorites would be the Shrimp Quesadillas or the Texas Cobb Salad. I get the Cobb salad without pork or bacon. It's seriously so yummy. The Shrimp Quesadillas run at about $12 and for how much filling is in the actual quesadilla it's a great price. Also they put a chipotle sauce on top and it's the perfect final touch to a great meal! 

Last but not least they have $1 endless chips every day. I like to pair that up with their guacamole for an appetizer. I would totally recommend El Camino Real for anyone in the Northern Liberties area.
Amazing brunch and service is quick! Get the nachos with pork belly and the classic margarita! Jess the waitress is great as well
I rarely make it out to Northern Liberties, but I am really glad that we decided to make the trip with our friends on their recommendation of ECR. It was a Friday night, around 7pm or so, and we had no problems finding a parking spot on the street nearby. The restaurant looked pretty busy, but we were seated promptly and had a waiter not too long after that. First test, not having to wait: check!

They have a decent beer selection. My friend and I split a pitcher of Kenzinger and our wives got some peachy, girly drink (which they seemed to like). Second test, good beer selection: check.

The menu is divided between Tex[an] and Mex[ican]. The Tex portion is, you guessed it, BBQ-laden. And the Mex portion is, well, Mexican. We ordered a bunch of stuff to split and everything was very good. My wife was in love with the fried pickle chips appetizer. I had the chili relleno and it was decent. The seitan wings were uber-good. I will def get them next time. Nachos and onion rings were good. Test 3, good, creative food: check. 

Service was fine. Nothing to brag about here. My only gripe was that they didn't seem to have sufficient bathroom capacity - just two unisex bathrooms, for which there was a perpetual line. So, bathrooms: fail. 

Anyway, for anyone who is still reading this review after I have rambled on for paragraphs, I would definitely recommend checking out ECR if you are in the neighborhood.
Ooooh. That Chronic. The Sandwich, the Myth, the Legend. 

It's very good. It's a lot of food, but you'll feel good when you've conquered it. And you probably won't need to eat for a day. Margaritas are good. Wings are pretty good too. But again, if you're the type of foodie who enjoys a challenge, The Chronic awaits you.
El Camino is very good. My fiancé and I came here with some friends while on a visit in Philly and really enjoyed this place. We started with chips and salsa. Both were good. I had the Chicken and Bacon Tacos, which I was a little nervous about getting at first bc it also had Plantains in them. I like plantains but just wasn't sure how that would come together in a taco. I got the tacos anyway and to my surprise they were actually good. Very flavorful and just a overall good blend of spices to make everything come together. My fiancé had the Enchiladas. Overall he said they were good however he said it was a lot of chicken and not enough Enchilada shell. Also, apparently the drinks were good bc my friends had drinks and the guys had beer. Overall a nice spot and worth a try.
Loved it.

First, good value. We had two meals and two drinks for $35, one of the drinks being a margarita. Not too bad. We could have gotten away with the whole thing under $30 if I didn't have a $5 beer and she didn't have a $7 margarita (which the GF said was excellent). It's the type of place you could do for under $30 for two people or if you want to go all out around $50. There is a wide variety of beer selections, ranging from $3 to $7. I was STUFFED after half a rack of ribs and she couldn't finish the sandwich and french fries.

As for the food... El Camino Real isn't the "hipster take" on BBQ. It's just really good Texas style BBQ. The ribs were good and the sauce on them was fantastic. Girlfriend had the rib sandwich and fries which she said was excellent. Imagine Famous Dave's, except really good and high quality. (we didn't try the Mexican, though). I will be dreaming about whatever the sauce was on the ribs tonight.

Service was very good, too. No problems there. Comparable to Bar Ferdinand, where is where I think a few servers work. Attentive but not intrusive.

Atmosphere was what you would expect for Liberties Walk -- a mix of everyone. It's a bit dark in there. It's pretty cool though. Reminds me a bit of Cantina.

When we left, my GF said "This was a very good call, that really hit the spot. I bet we'll crave this from time to time." That about sums it up.
OK i've visited about 5 times in total now and my experiences have ranged between 3 and 5 stars (thus the 4-star average).  sometimes the seitan wings are overcooked, sometimes they're perfect and spicy as hell.  yes, i order just about the same thing every time.  i've been on two different occasions with different guests who reported the burritos as dry, so i stick with my seitan wings.  and sometimes a salad.  in the first nights when they opened, they really brought their A game.  now i feel it's mostly an A-minus-game.  still good though.
Awesome place for the area, great food, and the nachos were really good. The beer was cold, the service was fast and the place is funky and upbeat. I can't wait to come back.
A group of six of us got to El Camino Real at around 7pm on a Friday night, and they were hoppin. The warm weather meant both the inside and the outdoor tables were packed, and we settled in for a 25 minute wait. Over the course of the evening we experienced slow service, but I hate to let that count against them because they were understandably slammed.

The outdoor picnic-style tables are nice and great for a larger group. Their menu is huge and features an extensive mix of Tex Mex and BBQ choices. So hard to choose! They also serve a pretty respectable list of drafts along with wine, margaritas, flights of tequila and bottles. 

We started with the endless chips and salsa, and even though $1 a person sounds cheap it's still kind of a raw deal when they get $6 out of a table just for chips and salsa which would be free at a lot of other places. Their red salsa was tasty and more like pico de gallo, but their green salsa was not so good and basically went untouched by the table. 

The mac 'n cheese received rave reviews, and the nachos with pulled pork came out huge and really enough for a meal or for a very shareable appetizer. I got the pulled pork sandwich with fries, and since it comes with two toppings they were nice enough to just give me the coleslaw topping as a side. The pulled pork was shredded and delicious on a nice big bun. This was a huge sandwich, and since I was full on chips I had half left over. The fries were fresh cut skinny ones with seasoning... mmm. Cons: no extra BBQ sauce for the sandwich or dipping sauce for the fries, but this could have been a result of the Friday dinner rush.  

This is a great spot for a casual dinner and/or drinks outdoors in Northern Liberties.
I'm pushing the fail button on this place....now. Which pains me, because they make some cheap ass margaritas and tasty fish tacos (ok, so the server couldn't tell me what kind of fish, but still tasty), and we know I'm always on the lookout for a good fish taco (I don't judge you). 

But this weekend, with the opening of the piazza, it was busy. Ok, I get it, and I'll give you another chance cause of the crowds (and an extra star - which is why you're at 2). But when the manager asks you how many and you say 2 and they turn you away because they're saving tables, that really boils me up. So if I was a table of 6, you'd be less overwhelmed? Screw you, buddy.
so here's the dilly-o.
ECR was at a yelp event, and they served up some tasty tasty eats.
and so i went.  and yes, they do have some highlights...
the burrito (what, plaintains? *and* bacon??) are ah-may-zing.
taco salad?  meh.
magaritas?  they go down just a bit *too* easy (please take note of this, boys who may possibly want to go out with me!)
chips and two types of salsa?  yes yes yes!  
crowd that is way too cool for me?  servers who take forever and a day?  check and present.

so yes.  i love you.  but i don't.  if you could only string together all those good things...  le sigh!
So, being from Texas, I cannot tell you how stoked I was to hear about this place. I was so stoked in fact, that I actually squealed a little bit when my friend told me about it. I have been a bit homesick lately(especially because I have not had a breakfast taco in 2 weeks) and was excited to hear about somewhere that might make me feel a little bit at home. 

Well, here it goes:
Salsa- Uh, hmmm. We don't serve Pico De Gallo as salsa back home. It is usually to spice up a taco, or burrito, or taco salad or something. They also served verde salsa. Both were not bad, kinda tasty actually. Just not what I know as Tex-Mex.

Burritos- I ordered the Carnitas. They were good, but kind of small for 10 bucks. More like a taco than anything. I will try the enchiladas next time(oh yes, there will be a next time).

Taco salad-(my friend ordered this) HUGE. And my friend loved it, she got it with shrimp.

Margaritas- Not bad. Not bad at all. And only $5!!!
Also, Sunday-Thursday, they have half-priced draught beers and margaritas from 10pm-midnight. Can I get a what what?

So all in all, it was an OK experience. The waitress was a little too distant for my liking, when we were done eating, she just brought us the check.  I kind of wanted another margarita, but felt we were being rushed out of the door.
Came here for night out restaurant week. 4 course menu for $25. Such a steal!

My only turn off was that a co worker had eaten here last week. My co worker is black. She stated that when she sat outside, her female waitress required that they put a credit card on file prior to ordering anything on the menu. Her and her friend were the only people of color eating outside that night. 

They did comply with the waitresses request, but found that they were the only individuals who had gotten asked to give a credit card to hold for their "tab" although they were only dining outside vs sitting at the bar. How do they know that they were the only ones that got asked to keep a card on file? They simply asked other parties around them who all said "no." I personally have only been asked to give a credit card for my tab at a bar, - never - at a restaurant.  

****They complained to the manager who stated that it is their policy to keep a card on file for ALL parties seated outside.****

My bf and I were seated outside. I'm Filipino, my bf is white. We were not asked to keep a card on file. Neither was the party of 5 white individuals to my right. 

The food was delicious and filling to the point where my bf and I didn't finish our 4 courses. I, however, don't appreciate racial profiling. Ive worked in the restaurant industry as a hostess during my college years and have found that servers are told to "keep an eye on" certain individuals. 

I have no complaints about the service that I received. My waiter was great - he was very attentive and had great recommendations. 

My co worker is not a yelper and because I was also appalled by her experience I am only giving 3 stars vs 5.
Switching to three stars because I've been here four times, two of which someone has ended up waking up sick in the middle of the night. I don't know that it's food poisoning, I'm told that if you have food poisoning you'll know it. Maybe the food is just  extremely heavy and doesn't digest quickly enough?

Either way, from other yelpers' reviews it seems like this is an all too common occurrence. 

I'm afraid to go back anytime soon.
As someone else mentioned, I wish we could rate half stars. I'd likely throw El Camino Real a 3 1/2, but given the option it leans towards that 4th star. Visited about 11 pm on a Thursday night, and surprisingly still found it well over half occupied. 

Sat down in a not altogether comfortable but perfectly suitable wooden chair, with the welcome sound of Johnny Cash bouncing around overhead. Not too loud to drown out my conversation but not quite quiet enough to speak at a normal level. Having read some other reviews I had no doubt where to start - the fried pickle chip appetizer. Yummy, spicy little bites. I wasn't sure if it was the breading on the pickles or the spicy chili mayo that was giving them such a kick. My friend, who is not quite a fan of things so spicy ate two and gave up. Trying them separately, I'd say it was the mayo that was really heating things up. 

Moving on to dinner, I chose the brisket sandwich while my friend went with the cactus & potato burritos. My brisket was quite tasty, with a subtle tanginess. The Texas toast it came on was about what you would expect, though I do have to admit it was nicely toasted. Not too soft, not too hard. The cactus & potato burritos were a nice change of pace over the normal options. Of course I snuck a bite (or two) and while I found cactus doesn't exactly have a ton of flavor, it all worked well together. As if I wasn't already in the midst of stuffing myself beyond comprehension I also ordered the mac n' cheese. Jalapeno breadcrumbs? How could I resist?! Overall, I'd say this last dish was the only one I'd skip the next time around. While interesting, it wasn't enough of a twist to warrant the high price. Not to mention, along with my friend's spanish rice, it was served rather lukewarm, which I found odd since it came in a small cast iron bucket which could have been preheated to retain the warmth. 

While not normally much of a desert fan, the S'mores Bread Pudding was too difficult to resist. This in itself is reason enough to drop by ECR. Warm, gooey chocolate bread pudding, delectable marshmallow ice cream, and a few graham crackers to chop up and mix in... 

Including a few local Kenzingers and a zesty watermelon margarita, we left about $80 lighter, the lingering sounds of David Bowie drifting out the door behind us. Would I go back? You bet, but not until I run through a few more recommendations from our fellow Yelpers.
I've sampled quite a few margaritas around Philadelphia. These are by far my favorite. Happy hour specials are half off margaritas. This makes a pitcher of their house margarita only $12, which is plenty for 2 people. All the food is very good. I'd recommend the gringo burrito, chicken quesadilla and taco salad. They also have delicious chips and salsa, bottomless for only $1. Great place to have a few margs outside on a nice day. 

My only complaint is the service can be hit or miss sometimes. Especially if you are eating outside.
The service here was absolutely horrible! Our waiter was extremely rude, he would walk away before I was even done talking and would basically ignore anything I asked him...

We ordered 2 baskets of fries, endless chips and salsa, bean dip and a gringo burrito between the two of us. The fries were seasoned and delicious. The chips were a little stale and the bean dip was just extremely bland. The burrito was filled up with so much rice and felt like I was eating a soggy rice burrito. 

We ordered a pitcher of margaritas which we could barely finish and the waiter was trying to get rid of us so he kept pushing the check on us and didn't even bother asking if we wanted dessert.
A solid happy hour. As a Texan, I wouldn't come here for nor rave about the food. It's definitely a Tex-Mex menu, with Americanized versions of your Mexican favorites. The only thing I've ever had beyond chips and guac here was a BBQ brisket quesadilla. It was rich, greasy, and tasty, but I just imagine all the departed abuelas turning over in their graves.

I've been here heaps just because it's convenient to where my friends live, not necessarily because we LOOOVE it. They offer half-price margaritas and pitchers until 7pm, and they have dog-friendly outdoor seating. This makes it a pretty nice place to converge. I will say, the inside acoustics are terrible. It's so freaking loud inside the restaurant. The vibe is nice, but it's very laidback casual - like "servers in cargo shorts and t-shirts" casual. 

If I wasn't always in this neighborhood, I wouldn't go out of my way to come here. But for its convenience, it's alright.
El Camino is my top Tex-Mex restaurant in Philadelphia. I have been here tons of times. My favorites are: 
The Chronic
Pork Ribs (the best I have ever had, and my dad is a professional BBQ chef)
Steak Tacos 
Chicken Quesadaillas 
Sauteed Spinach

Happy Hour Specials: M-F: 5-7pm=half price Margaritas including pitchers. If you want to get drunk off of margaritas for the low price with your friends, this is the place for you.
Let me preface this review by saying that this rating is solely based on service, not the food. The food here is good. It's something different and when you're in the mood for something meaty or cheesy, this is your place. However, the service is terrible. 

I'm really disappointed because el camino is such a great little place in a great location. I wish management would address the service issue and it would be one thing if it was every now and then but after reading other customer reviews on yelp, it's evidently an ongoing problem. 

We came in for lunch today and it was busy, understandable since it's New Years Day. We put in our name and waited for about 30 minutes, no big deal. Once we were seated, we waited about 10 minutes before anyone approached us. Once the gal who we thought was our waitress brought us water, we started ordering drinks. She let us know that she wasn't our waitress and our actual waitress was bar tending right now also, but she will be over soon. I ordered a coke and she said she'd bring it over, and she did. 20 minutes later, our waitress, or bartender, or whoever, came over and we were already ticked off. 30 minutes until the waitress even comes to the table? The food was good but the waitress was bar tending the whole time. We asked for water a few times from other servers. Once we were done with lunch, we had to ask another waiter for boxes and a different waitress for the check. We waited another 20 minutes for the check to come. After leaving a small tip to reflect this horrible service (almost 2 hours since we sat down now), she comes back to the table to ask if we were really leaving her this tip after she was "running around". 

I really want to keep giving this place a chance but there are just too many good places in the neighborhood for el camino's service to be so bad. I really don't appreciate her calling us out in front of other customers either. Tipping is a reflection of service and it drives me nuts when servers expect a tip even if the service was poor. It's not ok.
My boyfriend lives close to el Camino so we find ourselves there often. Love the margarita pitchers, can't go wrong and a pretty good price for as much as you get. There is also endless chips and salsa for $1 per person. 

The only thing I've ever gotten there I DIDNT like was the taco salad. I went expecting a delicious fulfilling fatty taco salad and what I got was healthy greens with some grilled chicken and tortilla chips on top...very odd. The meal that stole the night recently (November) was what my good friend Sean Kelly ordered. He got the gobbler sandwich, a play on thanksgiving dinner, which you wouldn't think would be good at a Mexican restaurant. It was HUGE and only around $10.
The Good:

Boozy Float - draft root beer (hells yeah baby), Myers rum & vanilla ice cream.  Makes me purr.

Outside seating that isn't in the middle of the sidewalk!

Big juice burger - delicious. And when I told them to make it as rare as legally possible, they obeyed.

Possibly the best fries I've had since traipsing around Texas.

Great! BBQ sauces - loved the tangy and the spicy, although I really couldn't tell which was which.

The Bad:

Margarita with salt - I did say without salt, because bleh to salt on my margarita. The large quantities of liquor made up for the salt taste. 

Service was a bit slow, but it was a Saturday afternoon - true they weren't packed, but they also weren't rocking their A-game.

The Ugly: 

Ha, the other patrons! Drunky McDrunkerson was Cra.Zy. throughout our curbside brunch. Entertaining, but exhausting to watch. Not sure what the waitstaff could've done to restrain this chick (other then flag her, maybe?) - still. We'll be back.
This place is a definite gem.. The food and drinks are on point.  Walking into the place there isn't a hostess, or at least not when I went, but any of the waitstaff will basically tell you to sit wherever.  The thing is the waitstaff is a little hard to identify. 
So once you get seated and hopeful find someone to get you a menu, you are started off with some nachos and salsa, which are unlimited for $1... Looking over the menu what got me excited was the pitcher margarita drinks... Not a huge margarita fan, but definitely a fan of pitchers lol. They were actually good too! I wasn't too hungry but I did get some veggie wings which were freaking awesome, like seriously amazing. Looking at some of pics on here imp going to have to come back and try other things on the menu, but I don't know how i'll come and not order those veggie wings.  Like I said great food and drinks, nice vibe in the place, only lost a star due to subpar service.. Even still, I will return!
We love it here.. Lauren you're our girl!! Everything is delicious and Margs are on point.
I've been coming to El Camino for at least 10 years. I've sat inside, outside, and at the bar. Last week I came here with my boyfriend for a bbq lunch. We were sat outside and placed our order. Then the waitress came back to our table and told us we had to put a credit card on file because they need to protect themselves from a "dine and dash" situation. I told the waitress that I've never been asked for a credit card before here and that I was incredibly offended, she must have felt awkward because she didn't respond to me. This is a cheap place, like $30 a person with tip is probably what you'd spend. And they think I'm going to dine and dash?! I reluctantly gave her my card because it wasn't worth it to find somewhere else to eat. After this the waitress came to our table twice and couldn't even look at me. The entire meal was so awkward and it just ruined the experience of having a nice time sitting outside on a nice day. Then when it came time to pay the check, she hovered right next to me while I was trying to figure out the tip. I tip 25% no matter what kind of service I'm given because I'm not a monster. I told her it was really hard to do the math with her standing over me and her response was "i can look away". This place needs some serious etiquette training and maybe a new policy for dine and dash. I will not be returning and that's sad after 10+ years of patronage.
First time having brunch here and I was quite happy with my food. I ordered the breakfast burrito and added chorizo to it as it comes meatless as well as with a side of roasted potatoes. My only critique is that it could have been wrapped tighter and the burrito's contents finished with some salt to bring everything together for a nice flavor sensation. Potatoes were great; love potatoes! Service was solid and my food ran me $12 not including tax ($8 + $4 for the added chorizo). Pitcher of mimosas for $15 are also a good call though wish they'd consider a bottomless option.
Plenty of people have reviewed here. But I would say the following:

1) I used to not like their food (circa early 2009). I, personally, believe it has improved very much since then. If you haven't been in awhile, give it another shot.

2) Sweet Potato and Cactus Burrito

3) House margarita with patron

4) Pitcher of house margarita with patron

5) Go during the day if you want to be able to have a conversation (spacious and it gets very loud at night)
We googled the best chili in Philly and this really was!!!! Try the pickle chips and the chorizo tacos at brunch.
Terrible experience today. The waitress forgot where we were seated and forgot which beer was ordered. Their shrimp burrito came out under cooked which was sent back. When it came out the second time, it was just a greasy mess. Disgusting!! Don't order the shrimp burrito.
Food is great, theme is fun, weekend scene is cool.  Perfect place for group of 4-6 people, you can sit outside or at big tables in the back.  They have a great happy hour too!  

P.S. deep fried pickles and pickle back shots.
A friend and I ate dinner at the bar on Friday and had a great experience.  The margaritas were really good, quite sour but good.  I was surprised by how many wines by the glass were offered... we tried at least 3 of them... all quite good.  The guacamole is packed with huge chunks of fresh avocado, I would have preferred a bit less lime but would order it again.  I got the taco salad... normally I'd stay away from this type of item since "taco salad" at most places = fatty dressing, big tortilla bowls and loads of cheese, but not here.  The cumin vinaigrette is really spicy and not heavy at all, the grilled shrimp is generously tossed throughout the salad and the greens (piled high) were fresh as can be - by far the best salad I've had in awhile!  I totally wish this place were in my neighborhood.  The bartenders were excellent, friendly, fun and attentive.  The atmosphere is casual, the clientele was a mix of families eating dinner, couples, singles etc. (nice mix) the decor and lighting could be improved but I think it's a work in progress... they wanted to open up ASAP and I'm glad they did!
Girlfriend and I thought we'd try a new place in Northern Libs last week. Everything that could of went wrong did. Service at the bar was terrible, we were told we couldn't sit at tables that remained empty because they were reserved. They would've miserably failed a shopper's report. After waiting an hour of no food and empty glasses, we walked out and found ourselves back at our go to spot, El Camino.

Nothing really bad to say about this place. They were packed and had our apps and drinks on the table within ten minutes. Service is always solid and price on the food cannot be beat. Thank you for rescuing our date night.
Cute, hipster type place

Went here on a Tuesday during a snow storm and it was packed!

When you walk in there is a bar to the left and seating area to the right and in the back.  Tables are kinda packed close together in the back of the restaurant.

Ordered:
Sangria--yum yum yum

Guacamole with chips--was not prepared table side but was still good.  I always get guac at Mexican joints!

Tuna Burritos (can also order as tacos)--Seared rare tuna, cilantro & onion, sweet & sour slaw, cilantro lime aioli--This packs quite a flavorful punch!  I am a huge fan of pan seared tuna so I was happy to see this on the menu.  In my opinion, there was just a tad too much sauce inside (overwhelmed the fish) but otherwise was good.  The tacos/burritos are ala carte with the option of adding beans and rice.

They also have a good selection of beers :)

Great place to visit for some low key Mexican and great location to go out afterwards.
Great margs and food. Get the queso fundido WITHOUT the chorizo. With the chorizo it kinda tastes like chili and I wasn't a fan.
I came here for dinner with my family (who was from out of town) and a friend.  The atmosphere was cool--if you are a 20 something college student/young professional who does not mind loud drunk people (however, it could have been really loud because it was a Friday night).

We started off the night with a pitcher of Margaritas and chips and salsa, which were both quite yummy.  But then the food came :-/.  The burritos had absolutely no flavor and were overstuffed with rice.  My dad had beef brisket which he said had no flavor either.  My Mom said her taco salad was good--but how can you mess up taco salad? 

Overall this place was just "Meh.  I've experienced better" and I would have been a lot happier ordering more flavorful food at Qdoba.

PS-don't take your parents here on a weekend night, it can get a lil rowdy

PS #2--I will say the happy hour special here is quite good (3 stars for that) because those margaritas are off the chain and only $2.50!  Probably the best classic margarita I've had in Philly.  Nice!
as good as the food is at El Camino Real, one of the best things about it is the wealth of outdoor seating. that's really probably one of the better things about the Liberty Walks/Piazza area in general - most of the restaurants have enough space for it. in the summer, especially when you're eating Mexican and/or BBQ, the best place to do it is outside.

service was great and chill. we ordered fries and the bbq mixed plate to start, which gave me a nice preview of what my brisket would be like. the portion sizes were perfect - enough for me to leave some to take home, but not so much food that I ended up stuffing myself and feeling gross. I can't wait to go back and try out the mac and cheese and get some more of those fries!
Their BBQ is phenomenal! !!! As soon as our order arrived we knew we had found something special. Portions were giant, slow cooked pork was melting in our mouth. Bbq brisket was really good as were the sides. Their enchiladas are also worth trying. The service staff of this joint is very friendly too. I guess I can't say enough about how much we enjoyed our visit to El Camino.
I want so badly to love el camino real...mexican and bbq food in one place?  This is basically my dream come true.  I went to El Camino the first night it opened, and I've been back there probably around 10 times since...maybe only 5 of those times have been for food, the rest just to sit at the bar and drink.  

I have never had a bad experience sitting at the bar drinking, in fact the service has always been stellar...probably due to the fact that elaine was working the bar and her service is impeccable.  My gripe is when you actually sit at a table and get food.  The servers are nice and helpful but it seems that they're either stretched thin, working too many tables....or they're just slow - but I dont think that's the case.  I have sat at a table on more than one occasion and waited far too long to be server a drink, or had my order taken.  More than once I've waited over a half hour for a drink to come...and over an hour to even get my food....and asked how my meal was?  forget it.  

BUT my biggest gripe is that the 5 times I've been there my food has come to me cold.  once it was burned and cold.  I'm not sure if this is the servers fault or the kitchen staff but 5 times going there and this happening is kind of ridiculous.  The sad part is that the food is actually really good...why can't I just get it served to me hot?

Long story short.  if you want good service sit at the bar or come on a weekday when its not busy.  The food has great potential and I'm sure I'll return here in hopes that my food isn't cold.
Given its somewhat low Yelp rating, I had always been hesitant to chance a meal at El Camino Real. Sure, the menus (both for brunch and dinner) seemed appealing, but with a consistently good option just down the street (Dos Segundos), I never rolled the dice and tried the place's Tex-Mex fare.

A recent meal here informed me that my worry was unwarranted. We had a totally pleasant brunch here that was on par with my other go-to Mexican spots around the city. Our meal began with El Camino's bottomless chips and salsa ($1 per person). I didn't care much for the thinly cut chips, but they were dusted in a paprika seasoning that brought a lot of flavor to the otherwise pedestrian chips. Both the smoked pico de gallo (perfect amount of smoky flavor) and verde (super fresh) salsas were appreciably tasty. Additionally, the jalapeno margarita offered a unique, bracingly spicy yet totally refreshing cocktail experience - not to be missed for fans of peppers.

My shrimp tacos didn't do much for me, the shrimp were well-cooked but the dry corn tortillas detracted significantly from the otherwise vibrant flavors of crustacean, salsa, and chipotle mayo. A chicken-bacon burrito satisfied to a significantly greater extent with its unique combination of soft, sweet plantains, tender smoked chicken, and crispy-salty bacon. The flour tortilla on that dish also fared much better, as it was soft and pliant. El Camino's mac and cheese arrives piping hot in a nice little cast iron bowl, and certainly doesn't skimp on the sharp cheese flavor. I didn't taste too much jalapeno in the bread crumb topping, but this is a respectable rendition of a classic dish. Mexican rice is toothsome with a delicious hit of cumin flavor, and beans are hearty and perfectly seasoned.

El Camino Real is thus another solid Mexican option in NoLibs, the drinks and food do the job for any sort of party. I am eager to sample more of this spot's expansive menu.
Ate here with some friends on a Sunday afternoon, service was quick and the food was delicious. Pricing was comparable to typical restaurants in the area.
I knew I would love this place when I saw their website address.  BBQburritoBAR.com... I was so in.  The margaritas were tasty, as was the taco sampler I devoured.  We sat outside and it was gorgeous.  I'd go back.
Last night was a total bust at El Camino. To preface, I also work at a loud and busy restaurant / bar and understand how management, the kitchen and a restaurant operates. I frequent El Camino for the pitchers and the pig wings which are unreal but last night was really sub par. The waitress told us she hasn't worked in a while and didn't know the draft beers which was weird, and she seemed as though she was either having a bad night or was just rude 

I ordered the nachos with Refried beans and brisket and they were absolutely inedible. They came out piled high, sans beans, covered in all fatty pieces of brisket and topped with a bag of lettuce. The cheese was tasted like a liquid version of mayo. Let's just say they were bad. So, when she finally came around 16 minutes later, I apologized and told her they were really gross. Unfortunately, she acted as though I personally offended her and was passive aggressive and super rude the rest of the night. I ordered wings and she didn't once speak to us again. Hopefully she was having a bad night because otherwise, I couldn't come back based on how we were treated.
If zero stars was an option, that is what I would dole out to this establishment. El Camino Real will not be receiving my business after the experience I had there last evening. After making a reservation for 12, my coworkers and I (all teachers) were enjoying a deserved Friday evening together after a long week. We were lively, giving each other light and love, and even singing the Stevie Wonder rendition of 'Happy Birthday' to a lady at a table near us. There also happened to be two tables right next to us, also comprised of teachers, who were equally as lively. After being present for about an hour and a half a fellow came over to our table and asked us to tone it down, because it was "only 5:30". On a FRIDAY evening. He did not address either of the other tables, ours coincidentally being the only one that was racially diverse. 

Our waitress came to close us out for a bill totally approximately $400, and stated that her shift was ending and that another waitress would be over to serve us. This did not happen; what did transpire was that we were told we had to leave/could not be served because another party was arriving. It was made evident that this was simply a ploy to remove us because our presence was not welcome there; preceding this, management and other employees could be seen "observing" our table. When queried about this anomaly in restaurant policy (who refuses business/money, especially when a party as a reservation), the manager gradually backtracked in regards to the amount of time they typically allow a party to stay, from 3 hours to 2 and a half hours. We had only been there for two. 

Gentrification is alive and well at this establishment, and the experience my coworkers and I had there last night is evidence of such; diverse groups are not welcome, and this lack of hospitality/service is not covert.
No more seitan on the tex menu, though they say they can still do it.  Boo. Also when I went last weekend two of my friends got enchiladas and were asked if they wanted rice and beans with their meal.  Enchiladas come with rice and beans already and are not listed on the menu as a possible platter option.  It will cost you $5 for rice and stupid beans.  My friends were stuck paying $19 for an enchilada. Just say no.  Knock it off El Camino; you're being gross and shady.
This place is way better then most of the surrounding places and for the same price!

Awesomeness: Mexican citywide special (Mexican beer and tequila), Wings (cooked well, not fatty, not redicu loudly hot). Burger with carnitas an egg and lots of burger AND fries.... Sheeesh.

Value: Lots of quality food for the buck, may wanna share some dishes.

Atmosphere: It's where hipsters meet adults, because everyone likes this place. Loud, friendly and has outdoor seating.

Service: Excellent, prompt, friendly, informative.


Will return.
Good happy hour place for Margaritas.  Its half off 5-7pm on week days. So a pitcher is around $12 which much cheaper than places around. We added a extra flavor for $4 . We added mango and the drink came in way to sweet. Alcohol was less. So was not up to the mark. You get bottomless chips n salsa for $1/person. Was a good deal. Chips were nice n crispy. Some chips were seasoned like Dorittos. Liked it very much. We ordered spicy shrimp burrito. Loved the sauce inside. The only complaint was that there were pieces of tail left on the shrimp. This was unusual as you should not expect people to open burrito wrap to remove the tail. 
Overall decent place for happy hours
Great spacious outdoor dining experience especially in a nice night. Very relaxing atmosphere, definitely a hot spot in the Northern Liberty area.

I had frozen piña colada. Doesn't have strong alcohol, perfect sweetness. It's very refreshing especially in a warm night. 

My friend had frozen strawberry mango margarita and she enjoyed it.
Veggie wings.

Need I say more? ...No, but really. Being a vegetarian all my life, wings were probably the one thing that looked the most appetizing to me because they're doused in only the best thing in the world - HOT SAUCE! This is the only place I've ever had veggie wings, but they are so magically delicious! Must try for vegetarians!!!! 

Oh and the $1 chips and salsa + $3 side of guac = best. thing. ever. Cheap and yummy!
Break out your skinny jeans!  El Camino is nestled in the bottom floor of a young development at the end of Northern Liberties (near Fishtown) where hipsters abound.  The atmosphere is a mix between dark (the lighting is low, there are spray painted skeletons on the windows and unusually creepy statues of mother Mary) and upbeat (loud, but not obnoxious) and funny murals with even funnier comments in the bathrooms (which are unisex so be warned).  The service at the bar is good.  The service in the rest of the restaurant is not (servers tend to be slow and almost annoyed that you are asking for things).  

All of the food is solid (generous portions and interesting flavours), but here are some of my favourites:
- Guacamole (a little pricey, but very good)
- Fish burrito (lightly fried and delicious)
- Pulled pork sandwich (nicely cooked... flakes off) and begs to be slathered in the BBQ sauce (hot/mild) sitting on your table
- Blood orange mojitos (if your order with the simple syrup on the side... they are just perfect :)

Happy eating!
I highly enjoy this place. The atmosphere is awesome. A few friends and I got a table here during a huge snowstorm, and there was still a decent amount of people eating, and at the bar.

The BBQ seitan is delicious-- $5 for a 1/4 lb. of it. It is very refreshing to go into a bbq place that actually has vegan and vegetarian options! I expected to go in there and just pick up some drinks.
We rolled into ECR for the first time at around 4:15 on a Sunday, the post-brunch/pre-dinner lull. A few people lingered at the bar and in booths but they weren't too busy. Our waitress explained that the kitchen would re-open at 5 and chips & salsa were available if we felt like hanging out. We did, and they arrived promptly. The chips were crisp, lightly seasoned and perfectly tasty to eat on their own - but why would you want to with two heaping bowls of delicious salsa? 3 bowls of chips and 45 minutes later I still couldn't pick a favorite between the tomatillo (green) salsa and the tomato. Suffice to say they were both extremely fresh and flavorful and complimented each other well.

At 5:00 on the dot a new waiter (just as cute and friendly as the first) arrived to take our order. Initially I had been all set to order Mexican, and assumed that was the fare ECR would favor, but ended up opting for the wagyu brisket on texas toast. There is definitely more variety on the Tex side of the menu than the Mex. My boyfriend ordered the enchiladas.

Speaking of my assumptions about the menu - 5 min before rushing out of the house to make a movie I decided to try to check out their menu online. ElCaminoReal.com points to an open domain, Yelp didn't have a link (I've since added it), and a quick googling didn't turn it up. My first look at the front of their menu revealed the answer: BBQBurritoBar.com. WTF? NameOfYourBusiness.com is available and THAT'S what you go with? *shakes head*

Anyway. The food arrives in about 15 minutes. The enchilada platter is massive. My sandwich is bursting with succulent wagyu paired with two cups of BBQ sauce (sweet & spicy) alongside a mountain of thin, crispy hand-cut fries. I sample both sauces and declare Sweet the winner. A bit smoky, tangy, very good. I smother the sandwich in it. The spicy had a great flavor as well but a bit too much burning for my taste (though I am admittedly not a big fan of hot food - someone who is would probably not consider it that hot). The toast is crispy around the edges and soft in the middle and soaks up just the right amount of sauce. The brisket is brimming with beefy goodness and melt-in-your-mouth tender. Really excellent sandwich overall, wouldn't change a thing.

There is one problem: My fries are room temperature, dangerously close to cold. This is a damn shame because they clearly would have been amazing piping hot. I'm not the type to send food back unless it's raw or something though, so I request a side of cheese sauce which thankfully comes out fast and steaming hot, and served to warm them up well enough.

My boyfriend really enjoyed his enchiladas, and I sampled a bite (or four) to confirm that they were very good. But then I'm of the opinion that mostly anything is good with a fried egg on top.
We have been to this tex-mex restaurant/bar a couple times now and it never seems to disappoint anyone. Expect a wait if you go anytime near dinner, especially on a Friday or Saturday night. We had a 45 min wait and went up the street to grab some beers while we waited. They text you when your table is ready - convenient. 

On to the food. It's delicious. They start you out with $1 per person for all you can eat chips and salsa. Very good. Seasoned chips and fresh chunky salsa is a winner. The guac is pretty good too if you feel like spending the $8. 

Main meals. I ordered the brisket melt and I was pleasantly surprised. Great taste. Meaty. Cheesy. With a spicy mayo that was very good. All the tacos are great. Chorizo, carnitas, steak, chicken and bacon, brisket. You won't be disappointed. My friend got the ribs and they were also pretty tasty. 

The margaritas are good. Plenty of beer selections. Go there. Eat it.
I am not a vegetarian.  I crave their veggie wings.

I'd had veggie "wings" elsewhere that were just limp strips of seitan smothered in sauce.  These are cooked to have texture and some crunch around the edges like real wings.  I force everyone I go here with to eat these bad boys.  

Everything else is pretty tasty too
alright, I've given El Camino Real some more chances.  I've been going there quite often lately with mutual friends and I must say they've finally won me over, pretty big time.  I heard the head chef left, reason for the current awesomeness?  Maybe.  

Regardless - the last 4 visits to El Caminio have been amazing.  They have been offering two for 5 deals on hotdogs during phillies games (yeah thats over) and eagles games (yeah thats still on).  A mexican hot dog and texas hot dog.  They are BOTH amazing and delicious and like nothing I've ever had in my life, I liked the mexican slightly better and yeah you might be thinking 'ew hot dogs' but seriously...so so good.

BLT? amazing...fish burrito delish.  As usual Elaine at the bar is my top choice for seating but I did sit at a table in one of my recent visits and the service had totally improved leaps and bounds since my summer time experience this year.  w2g El Camino.
Caveat: this experience was a few months back. 

Bartender is a D-bag. He got hammered on whiskey shots and then stopped serving us drinks around 11:30. Apparently he decided it was more lucrative to strike up conversations with the wait staff.
This is another great restaurant in Northern Liberties!  I think my fellow diner was right in classifying this place as heavier on the Tex than the Mex in comparison to Cantina.  Our waiter was super friendly and even brought us an extra scoop of ice cream for the delicious s'mores bread pudding that we ordered, which was an impressively large portion - great for sharing!

My friend ordered the mac and cheese with brisket.  It was creamy, delicious, and a great size as well!  Good prices throughout the menu.  There is something for everyone.

Also - the margarita pitchers a great deal if you and someone else are planning on having more than one!
El Camino Mac & Cheese Update: Bland and dry... no longer rich and creamy... I waited a while before updating this in hopes it would get better... but no :( the bread crumbs just don't have that kick anymore...

Mac & Cheese: this made me so happy :) the cheese sauce was perfect. Not way think or too runny. It was more on the thin side, but still full of cheesy flavor and goodness :) The jalapeno bread crumbs on top gave it a nice kick too. You can tell the bread crumb topping was homemade, verrry niice. More please :D
People seem to like to go to this place but everytime I go here it just gets worse and worse. Overpriced Mexican food thats not good at all. Average at best. I was dying to like it but its just meh. Anyway the service is absolutely horrible and the crowds are just too much to deal with. You can do better... Last time we were there some girl off the street pretended to be our waitress... Just bad times everytime ive been here. Should and could be 100x better but clearly the management has no idea as do some of my friends who keep going here.
WORST WORST WORST.  we went to brunch there and they had no soy milk for coffee. prob the ONLY place in nolibs that doesnt have that option.  well its whatever b/c they RAN OUT OF COFFEE CUPS.  so there was no coffee until 30-40 mins into brunch.  i ordered a hot apple cider. they were "out of it" then i asked for ANYTHING VEGAN... turns out while they do have veggie wings, they have pretty much NOTHING vegan - i ordered seitan nachos w/ no cheese and no sour cream and black beans. it was boring.  their food is boring. the music is too loud there. 

WORST MENU. WORST SERVICE. WORST FOOD.
Margaritas and guacamole really hit the spot. I enjoyed fajitas as well. It's definitely not "authentic" food here, but still a good, chill place to kick it with your friends and get some drinks in your system before a night out.
Oh so long ago this spot housed Deuce (or some name like that) which I think made if for about a year.  It had zero personality and was way overpriced....
.....so in moves El Camino Real.  It already feels as if this place has been around for forever.  I love the table and chairs - huge chunky handmade-feeling and carved.  They have outside seating too, which is a plus so we can bring our pup along.  

The chips and salsa are addictive.  If it were socially acceptable I could just sit and eat these all day.  However, since filling up on $1 chips and salsa is not acceptable, I have enjoyed other tasty items on the menu.   The "taco" salad is delish - mixed greens with some of the aforementioned chips, beans, cheese and vinaigrette, plus a protein of choice if desired.  The Nachos are topping heavy and more than enough to share.  My husband usually gets the ribs (i think they are pork?) - be forewarned though, sides are extra - so unless you just want a bid old plate of meat with a slice of toast make sure to order a side.  Overall not super-spectacular make my mouth sing food, but it is more along the lines of comfortable and tasty.    

Have a huge tequila selection (I generally hate tequila so you are on your own here).  However, the pitchers of margaritas are well priced and pretty yummy (They have a fruit flavor of the day - which they are always happy to bring out on the side, since I use it to further mask any lingering tequila flavor)  They also have a good south-of-the-border beer selection.   

All in all not a bad place. 
P.S.   Definitely family friendly during the day.

PPS - Currently on the menu is a pineapple and  vanilla-tequilla beverage - all you taste is the vanilla and the pineapple.  Kinda pricey at $8 but worth a try.

PPPS - So the vanilla pineapple drink is no longer on the menu, but since my  last update they have revised the menu and it is even better then before.  Recently got the fish burrito - boy was it good!  I also had a fantastic glass of Sauvignon Blanc and totally spaced out and forget to write down what it was  - so I called a few days later to ask what it was - the employee who answered the phone was way more then helpful in getting the name of the wine that I had had!  She was awesome and I hope I can find it so I can buy a bottle and enjoy it at home!  Yay and THANKS!
Overall my experience at El Camino Real was pleasant, and I would recommend you try it out if you're in the neighborhood.  Nice selection of food, between the BBQ and Mexican.  I had the pork sandwich on texas toast, for 9 bucks I think, and it was very tasty, and the fries were really good as well.  Do beware of the BBQ sauce, they only had a choice of sweet or spicy, and choosing spicy was a mistake.  It literally burnt my mouth off, the hottest thing I have ever eaten.  I suggest to the chefs to offer more BBQ sauce selections.  Other than that it was a cute restaurant, with a fun atmosphere.
This place is good. 

I wouldn't say it's great. 

But it is pretty good.

The margaritas are great, however.

I tried the seitan bbq, and I had three sides of I think baked beans, potato salad, and coleslaw. The slaw was really tasty and fresh and crunchy. I loved the potato salad, I think there was bacon it in. I do not remember.

Also, I must add that I am a pickle HATER. I hate those evil spawn of cucumbers so hard. However, my bf got the pickle chips and made me try them after a few margaritas and they are reallllly good. 

A+ on the making the pickles more appealing to us haters. 

I will definitely be back.
3 1/2 stars, really.

I can't say 2 or 3 stars due to: strong margaritas, awesome happy hour specials, great service, and the fact that food portions are really quite large and filling for the price.

I can't say 4 or 5 stars due to: sloppy presentation, $6 upcharge if you want your margarita frozen (?!), browned limes, and that fact that we ordered a Mango margarita for a $2 upcharge and it came out tasting absolutely nothing like mango.

The menu is VERY big and split between 2 cuisines, which is always a nice touch: Mexican and BBQ.  I will most likely probably never order Mexican food from here, since it's along the same lines of Cantina where you're overpaying for non-authentic and bland food.  However, I'm kicking myself for not getting the unlimited chips and salsa since I hear good things.  We opted to start with the grilled Mexican corn, which was very, very tasty with a delicious crema and scallions on top, but the parmesan cheese wasn't really melted on there and looked unappetizing on the plate (read before re: sloppy presentation).  The limes on the plate were browning, which is always a turn off, but whatever.

We ordered a pitcher of classic mango margarita on the rocks. I was excited because one thing Cantina does have going for it is the margaritas, so I assumed this place would taste like that- where the mango is infused in the flavor.  Not one bit.  It was a decent margarita, don't get me wrong, but it just tasted like the basic lime flavor.  The bottom was more yellow, so we were hoping that by the time we got there, it would taste more like mango, which it didn't.  What it did have were hundreds of tiny specks of mango chunks, just small enough to not pick out of the drink and irritating enough to make me wonder why they didn't use a strainer to get the bits out before they served it.  Luckily, it was damn strong and rendered roughly 3 glasses for each of us, so totally worth it (especially at half price for happy hour).  Just stick to the classic flavors and you'll be set.  

FYI: the glasses they served us with salt were only like a quarter covered in salt, rather than brimming with it.  The limes on our glasses were also browning.

For entrees, I ordered the Texas cheesesteak off the regular menu and the BF ordered a Texas cheeseburger with bacon, onion rings & BBQ sauce off the discounted happy hour food menu.  Both were very tasty and filling and served with seasoned fries that sort of tasted like BBQ chip seasoning.  My cheesesteak was giant with pretty tender ribeye and served on a really fresh roll and smothered in a delicious cheese sauce, fried onions, and deep fried jalapenos for a kick.  The smoked ketchup on the side was VERY smoky, but grew on me throughout the meal and paired really nicely with the sandwich.  The burger was also very good and served on a nice big bun, but my BF said it really didn't need the onion rings, since they turned to mush under the weight of everything.

BONUS: I didn't even realize until after the fact you could order any of the sandwiches in a toasted wrap form, which is always a good option.

The meal before tip was under $50 after all was said and done and I had a buzz, so I'd say it's definitely worth the trip during happy hour.

Overall, I would still love to come back here for those bangin' happy hour specials alone, as well as try the infamous Chronic sandwich and MAYBE fajitas or quesadillas if I'm feeling adventurous.  

PRO TIP: If you love dogs, come here to dog-watch.  There was a pug at the table next to me and plenty of Fishtown pups being walked through the Piazza.
I don't mess around at El Camino. This is THE place to come for happy hour in Northern Liberties - half off margs (and pitchers of margs). Tortilla chips with two kinds of salsa for $1. After filling up on those, one entrée is plenty for me and my boyfriend to split. We love to come in the warmer months on Tuesdays or Thursdays, sit outside, and talk about our days. 

Highly recommend the chicken enchiladas - they come with a fried egg on top, so you know it's bomb. Service can be a little slow outside, but if it's a nice day, what's the rush anyway?

Bathrooms are downstairs - I almost walked into the kitchen (well, you sort of have to walk through it) the first few times I was here.
