Quick service and welcoming staff, but the food at El Fuego is anything but fuego (which means fire in Spanish). In fact, it was the most disappointing Mexican/Tex-Mex food I've ever had. 

My fiancé and I were walking down Walnut Street when we decided to pop in here for lunch. Our order consisted of hard shell tacos for him and soft shell tacos for me. The hard shell tacos come four to an order while the soft shell tacos come three to order, and you're allowed to mix up the meats. I really appreciate that since it gave us the opportunity to try a few different kinds. 

I chose chicken, pork and chorizo for my three tacos. They were so bland and the meats were all cold which I definitely wasn't expecting. Cold taco meat is definitely a no-go for me. The chorizo was probably the best of the three, but that's not really saying much. The add ons that were available at the time were lettuce, cheese, sour cream and salsa, and although I got all of them they didn't do much for me. 

Staff was nice and very quick. Both of our orders were ready in just minutes. The restaurant seemed clean, although I can't comment on the restroom because it was out of order when we were there. 

I can't think of any time in the future when I'll be visiting El Fuego again. Yes, the service is fast for when you're on the go, but I can think of so many other places in Philly to go to for not just a quick meal but a tasty one too.
This is where you'll go when feel fed up with the non-ending long lines at Chipotle! 
- Slightly pricer than Chipotle.
- The same simple menu: burritos, burrito bowls, tacos and quesadillas. 
- Quick service. 
Still, I think Chipotle is way tastier, and I wouldn't trade it for the world.

Three Yelps
In my never-ending quest to find the perfect Carnitas Tacos (see my last meal on earth), I was fortunate enough to stumble across El Fuego.  While unfortunately, they don't have Carnitas at all, I found a delightful treat in their hard-shell tacos-- I had Chicken and Chorizo tacos, and I've been there twice so far.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
El Fuego is discreetly nestled just up the block from Washington Square, in fact I'm surprised that I stumbled across it in the first place.  I would think it would be less than easy to just find El Fuego if you weren't looking for it, signage is not so prominent.  You walk in to see a fairly small, narrow layout, a massive line that can get sloppy sometimes (as in it lacks as formalized a process as Qdoba or Chipotle), and fresh, delicious Mexican food being served up in much the same way as the afforementioned chains.  You tell one of 3 or 4 servers what you would like on your food and they build it for you right there...it's not the best way in the world, but it works.  Oh yeah, and there's no outdoor seating, which they could totally benefit from, they really ought to do that soon.

THE FOOD:
Other reviews here claim some of the food is a little wet and messy...I LIKE THAT!  Hahaha, half the charm of Mexican food in my opinion is the cleanup job you get to do after you finish the main part off, almost like a second meal.  I thought the Chicken was pretty good, it didn't knock my socks off, Chorizo I don't usually eat, so I don't have much to compare it to, but I thought it was very good as well.  I would take El Fuego's tacos over Qdoba, but nothing beats Chipotle yet, except my Mom's special recipe!  They also feature a respectable beer offering, so you can enjoy a nice import from south of the border as well.  Their menu is run-of-the mill-- burritos, tacos, quesadillas.  That's about it...don't go there expecting some immersive experience, it's not authentic Mexican, it's Cali style Tex Mex...which I happen to love regardless.  Price-wise, it's a tad more expensive than other similar joints, but nothing to kill your wallet.

THE SERVICE:
Service is mostly attentive, although I am not 100% on the cleanliness of the whole operation...not that I have huge issues with that, but neatnicks might take issue with that.  Their ordering to process is relatively easy, although they could firm it up a bit (hey, at least it's not some exasperated worker calling numbers out, waiting for the absent-minded moron to come claim his grub by about the time it's reached room temperature).

THE VERDICT:
Seeing as how there isn't a Chipotle in Center City (yet...let's keep praying folks), I would happily go to El Fuego in the meantime, and I'd recommend it to lovers of American-style Mexican food.  I wouldn't recommend it to people worried about a messy meal, or who were looking for truly authentic Mexican experience.
So I recently revisited El Fuego after a long hiatus; I use to visit at least once a week. Couldn't remember why it had been so long until I started eating at my desk.. NOW I remember, it was the rice with CILANTRO. Please, please provide other options for example rice without cilantro or brown rice.. PLEASE. 

While their food is fresh and they still get you out quickly, I can't get pass that cilantro.
If you want to have a Chicken Burrito with 5-6 pieces of chicken this is your go to place.. My chicken burrito should have been called the ultimate rice burrito.. The half part of my burrito was all rice then the bottom, a little chicken with chewy tendons.. Not worth it for $8.. No corn, and brown rice as well... Chicken from cart vendors has better taste
El Fuego is a short walk from my workplace, and a couple of my colleagues enjoy eating there on occasion.  They have brought back food to work that looked tasty, so when it was suggested as a lunch spot on a Friday afternoon, I was happy to give it a try.

When we arrived about 12:30 on a Friday afternoon the place was packed and there was a long line.  However, the line seemed to be moving quickly.  I decided on a chicken burrito that I wanted to add peppers and onions to before I got to the front of the line.  My friend ordered first, and she asked for a chicken burrito with light rice.

 I then ordered mine and the guy behind the counter gave me hardly any rice and didn't put the veggies on it and was about to pass it on.  I said, "Excuse me I asked for veggies and the rice..."  He interrupted me and said, "You asked for light rice.  That's what you said, that's what you get.  I can't help it if I can't hear you." I said, "No, that's what my friend in front of me ordered." He had given a lot more rice to her by the way.  He slid my burrito on down the line and started taking the order from the next customer.  

WHAT???  I was so shocked that someone would be that rude to a customer that I just kind of stood there frozen as the next guy asked me what toppings I wanted on the burrito.  I managed to mumble green salsa.  Then I was told it was about 8 bucks and it was over.  My friends saw the look on my face and were like, "What's wrong?"  I told them I just wanted to leave and didn't tell them the whole story until we were walking back to the office.  

I mean all he had to do was put some more rice on it and add the veggies.  It's not that hard.  I have worked at places where you deal with the public in the past like grocery stores, and coffee shops, and even if someone was a complete jerk to me, I would never treat them like that.  It's inexcusable.  I think it was some of the worst customer service I have experienced anywhere.  

Looking back on it, I wish I just would have walked away and not paid for the thing, but since there was so many people and I was in shock I just wanted out of there and didn't want to make a scene.  Plus, I was starving because I hadn't had breakfast that morning.  

I got back to the office after walking about 10 minutes and the burrito was only lukewarm.  It was just okay, and I've actually had better food at Qdoba, which isn't saying that much.  Also, I've definitely had much better service there or anywhere else for that matter.
Ever since the disappearance of South Street's The Joint (where have you gone and why haven't you called?), I've made El Fuego my burrito go-to. If you go in expecting authentic Mexican (see: Taqueria Veracruzana), you'll be disappointed here. But make no mistake, El Fuego is, er, on fire? 

If I'm prepared to call it a one-meal-today kinda day, I head to Fuego and load up my chicken burrito with all the fixings. What's great is that this place is locally owned, their ingredients are prepared by actual hands the day/night prior, their meats are cooked on-site and you can opt for the Negra Modelo or Dos XX over a soda. 

This spot beats Qdoba and Chipotle any day. Now that the weather's on its best behavior, I say you go there, grab a burrito and head to Washington Square Park to bathe in the sun and your glorious new purchase. Or don't bathe in the burrito, but do eat it.
Its a real good Burrito yo!

Chorizo burrito what fuckin what! Nicey Spicy too. I recommend it. Also, they've got this naked burrito thing which seems to be all the rage. Seriously, this place had a line the rivals all the junk cheesesteak jawns and more then half the mutha fuckas in line got that naked burrito shiz. 

I like it. I like it alot. They have beer too. Aw. Fuggin. Yeah.
Good, not great burritos but you get a lot for your money. Like, a real fucking lot...I got a chicken w/peppers, guac, veggies, etc and it lasted a lunch and a half. 

It was a little wet and the chicken was pretty meh...

overall, this place gets 3 stars for quantity over quality.
This may be the closest thing to a SF burrito, but it is still not very close.  

I was so excited to go to this place based on all of the positive reviews of their California style burritos.  Maybe I hit them on an off-day, but I left disappointed.  

I was encouraged at the sight of the steam table holding all the delicious fixings for an awesome burrito.  The prices even seemed manageable (not SF cheap, but acceptable).  I ordered my burrito and salivated as she loaded it up, rice, beans, cheese, sour cream, a healthy dose of guacamole...then, lettuce.  Lettuce is great on a burrito, but romaine lettuce in big spiney pieces?  Not good.  

I got mine with the "hot" chipoltle salsa.  Unfortunately, this salsa was not hot and I ended up having to douse the thing with Tapatio, and nobody wants that.  The burrito, though big, was wrapped quite loosely and poorly and fell apart as I ate it, this coupled with the use of big hunks of lettuce was quite troubling to me.

I may give them a second chance.  Maybe.

Sally F.  - You need to get yourself out of this tasteless city and have yourself a real burrito.
My friends and I stumbled upon this little place while walking around Philadelphia for First Friday.  When I first walked in I was unsure how much I was going to like the food and the atmosphere.  There was rap music playing (off of the workers iPod) and there was a disco ball as the main source of light.  I became more worried that I saw a burrito was only going to cost me $6.95.  I thought, "That must be a terrible burrito if it is in the city and only cost $6.  When I began to eat I was surprised to discover that it was delicious.  It was not greasy or oily like so many burritos are.  It had a great combination of flavors and felt healthy.  It was so large that I couldn't finish it.  We also bought the chips (you have to pay for them on the side) but they were great as well!!  Next time I am in the city I will definately stop by this place for a quick bite to eat.
got a chorizo quesadilla here today. meh.

kind of saddened by lack of toppings (from what I saw).  the chorizo was pretty ok, kind of tough.  my friend got soft tacos.  so much water and so drippy.  very saddened :(
Coming from California, I've had my share of good Mexican food. It is very difficult to find a decent burrito anywhere out here. El Fuego is as close as I've come in Philadelphia. Their burritos are huge and quite tasty. Far better than Santa Fe Burrito.
I don't know what all the rave is about this place, but after ordering a burrito from here, I walked away truly disappointed. This place made me probably the lamest burrito I've ever had.

One burrito is I think $6.65. While it was plenty big, the only thing hot were the beans, and it fell apart after two bites. I don't know about you but I prefer my burritos hot and slightly crispy. The only thing they put in the panini press was the tortilla, and that was for a split second. 

If you don't order out, they place the giant burrito in a tiny plastic tray, which I found ridiculous since eating the thing can get quite messy. The place itself is small, dimly lit, and hardly furnished.

This was a sad day in my burrito-eating history. There is nothing special about this place at all.
This place is clean- located near Jefferson hospital. The line was long but dont get discouraged it will go FAST. This is a chipotle style service. You go down the line and watch ppl make ur food. I got the Spivey beef. Was good but not as flavorful as chipotle. I don't feel satisfied. 

Chipotle has better rice and beans- more filling. But good location and yea for nice couches in the back.
I work in the Market East section of the city, so when a "Mexican" craving comes-on, I either end up here or the 12th Street Cantina in the Reading Terminal. Similar to Qdoba, they give you the assembly line overstuffed burrito. Basically a premature food baby wrapped in a tortilla. 

I go for the grilled veggie burrito. The burrito comes with grilled peppers and onions, cheese, lettuce, rice, choice of pinto and black beans, choice of salsa, sour cream, and guacamole. Feel free to customize as you wish. Their ingredients look and taste fresh and fill you up for the rest of the day.

It's nice to have this place in such a convenient location. When the weather permits - take it over to Washington Square Park for some people watching.
I was not impressed with this place.  It's fast food, it's not authentic, and frankly, I thought it wasn't very good, although I'll give it to G.M. that I also thought it was one step above Qdoba.

I ordered tacos and the meat was too salty and was bland other than the salt.  I like my meat to be rich and flavorful, have lots of spices--but not too much salt.

I also thought the lettuce was fresh but tasteless...why put lettuce on tacos anyway?  I want my tacos with onion, cilantro, and lime, like a legit Mexican place serves them, but those weren't options here.  This place serves AMERICAN tacos, not Mexican tacos.  They come on wheat tortillas, not the soft corn tortillas that authentic places serve.

While I didn't think this place was outright bad, I paid well over $7, including tax, for three small tacos that were thrown together very fast, weren't authentic, and weren't particularly awesome.

I also found the atmosphere in here to be very loud to the point of being unpleasant.  It's the friggin city, I want my lunch break to offer a little peace and quiet--and this place has a cold decor with lots of hard, reflective surfaces that amplifies the noise.

No.

I'm not coming back, and I would not recommend this place.
The burritos are fresh enough, but the menu is quite limited.  Overall, very average with poorly wrapped burritos.  Not sure why anyone would go here instead of Santa Fe Burrito nearby.  Also not impessed by paying 7 for a veg burrito- you could do better!
Sometimes a person just wants a giant burrito. Human fact. 

We fondly refer to El Fuego as the closest Chipotle to our house. I don't mean it in a negative way a'tall... It's just a mighty similar dealy, except that you can have a Negro Modelo or a Pacifico for yourself . Everything is fresh, aight guacamole... and the guys who work there are always friendly. Totally good for a quick lunch, this place. Plus, you can, as I did recently, watch a muted episode of Miami Vice as Latin hip hop played in the restaurant. A-OK en mi libra.
El Fuego's trying to be like Chipotle. But unfortunately, nobody can be like Chipotle. Chipotle's just so good for so little money. El Fuego gives you the exact same options - same cilantro rice, same customization, same look, but it just falls a hair short. It is good, it's just not Chipotle. But in an area with too few cheap lunch options, I'll keep going and getting my non-Chipotle burrito bowl and keep being just a touch disappointed.
In terms of getting a California burrito on the east coast, this is one of the closest restaurants I've found.  Being a native San Franciscan I find it hard to get a good burrito in Philly, but El Fuego has the formula right.  They stuff the burrito full and you're usually not hungry for more.  They just need to add some refriend beans and some yellow rice and they'll be on target.  Be careful, the hot sauce really is HOT!  Enjoy.
Overpriced! Exactly like chipotle! 
I saw the meat getting cross contaminated with my own eyes! Not at all what it is hope to be!
Overall: 4.5
Food (flavor, presentation, portion) : 5
Service (the frequency of waiter/waitress, the speed of the delivery for food, the treatment of guests) : 5
Ambience (the view, the location, the interior atmosphere and relevance to food, any theme etc) : 3
Price (the portion size and price comparison, comparison of prices compared to other similar restaurant, the total of dishes and overall price etc) : 5

I went on a business trip with my seniors and are staying in the Hilton Garden.

Food: I got the burrito bowl with black beans, sir cream, lettuce, rice and chicken. It was delicious and yummy. Reminds me of chipotle.

Service: Fast!! It got busy quickly after my colleagues and I came into the restaurant. 

Ambience: it was loud and crowded. Good location for business. 

Price: good for the food. 

Overall, I'd definitely come back again when I'm in the area.
The guys behind the counter always have an attitude. The food is okay for quick Mexican. Better than chipotle. The meat needs to be pulled apart more. Service needs improvement - including the manager/owner. Attentiveness to your customers is key in the restaurant industry....
I went here for one of my first lunches as an office worker in center city. The business lunch crowd is a beast, but the capable and friendly guys behind the counter move the line along fast enough. The line also afforded me the opportunity to study the menu......which in fact I didn't need, because I'm familiar with Chipotle. 

yeah, it's a Chipotle-esque experience (the great Fordian assembly line of burrito-fixin), but I especially appreciated their delicious guacamole, fresher-tasting veggies, and the nice guys working the counter. It's probably a cooler place to hang around and eat than Chipotle, too, just not during the noon-1pm crunch time -- however, Washington Square park just across the intersection was a lovely al fresco place to enjoy my veggie naked burrito.
I have been coming here on and off for about 3 years and it is really slipping. I get the bowls with lettuce and chicken but I decided today would be my last day. Chipotle is just a little further for me in the other direction but if I want this kind of fare I will be making the effort to go the distance.
Pros: 
-the chicken is seasoned ok (but got very little of it)
-chunky salsa is spicy enough
-guac is ok

Cons 
- people sweating over your food- gotta step back and wipe off - no excuse for that. 
-the guy who starts the bowl off is always snarky and borderline rude. It is noisy in there so you cannot often hear him. He doesn't make eye contact so don't know who he is talking to.
- Not making an effort to drain the beans when you are doing salad greens- I ended up with a soupy mess
-not having a dressing for the lettuce bowls (then again maybe that is why they drown them in bean juice?)

All in all feel like I waste money - but that may depend on what you get. Also I think they have a policy of no credit cards under 10.00 - most of their items will be about 8 so if you are not buying extra bring cash. Chipotle take cards regardless.
Why do I eat lunch at this place almost twice a week, besides the fact that I work 2 blocks away?

- The quickest service ever! (around lunchtime, if you beat the rush by arriving AT 12pm sharp, you will be out in 30 seconds)
- They accept Level-up!!!
- They have Chorizo! (last time i checked qdoba and chipotle don't)
- The freshest tortillas! 
- Amazing (yet pricey) guacamole!

It is a little expensive (about $8) but you do get a fulfilling amount of love in your burrito. 

*Dont go for the taco's, you barely get any substance in there!* 
**oh and its BYOB if you want to eat there**
I do love me some chipotle, but every once in a while I like it change it up.

While their menu is basically the same, everything tastes different. I definitely like one of their spicy meats more than chipotle. It seems a little more fresh here and definitely less crowded (6pm on a weeknight). I'm sure lunch time is a mad house.

Get a bowl obv, because they fill it a ridiculous amount.
Really good burrito bowl that you can make into a salad and customize yourself.

Think of this as Chipotle, if their ingredients were DELICIOUS.

GREAT guac and chips.

Solid casual lunch spot.

Might be a line during lunch.
first off, if the guy asks: "want some hot sauce?" SAY NO! that junk will burn and clear your sinuses, at least they did for me. and those burritos? 2 can eat one. easily. they are so BIG and full. rice and beans and all the fixins. its BIG.  my highlight was drinkin' the pineapple soda. at the moment for the life of me i cant recall the name of the soda but i know they are great. very chill atmosphere, all in all a great addition to the awesomeness that is philly downtown. Happy Eating!
I was not impressed by this place.  To me it was like a Chipotle but with a fancier sign out front.  I got a spicy beef burrito and the beef was the only thing slightly different then every other boring burrito place.  Like a previous reviewer said, the menu is quite limited and in my opinion boring.  The food was decent enough but I wouldn't go back here again.
They should have named this El Candle. Sadly, there wasn't any fire in my belly or in my head after eating here.  The previous couple of reviews were positive enough for me to give this place a try. It is kind of sandwiched between Tuscany Cafe and some other buildings on Walnut. The place itself was sleek with stainless steel, hardwood floors and pounding hip hop music playing.   The music annoyed me, not because it was hip hop, but because it was loud and the music seemed to reverberate up in the high ceilings. It made talking difficult to say the least.

I ordered 2 spicy beef and 2 chorizo crunchy tacos with an order of chips and guac to share with my buddy.  The guac wasn't overly spicy or flavorful. In addition, the chips were heavy and without much flavor on most of them. A few chips seemed to have some lime flavor crystals on them but not too many. I've had better chips at Qdoba and for far less than the 4 bucks for guac and chips. 

I was a little annoyed with the way they "constructed" the tacos. Shoveling all the toppings on like its a pizza instead of tacos was a little ridiculous. I know they were busy, but still, a few seconds more for some real effort? In fairness, the ingredients in/on my tacos were all pretty fresh.  However the spicy beef tacos weren't very spicy. In contrast the chorizo tacos were nice and spicy. The tacos were fairly messy so I had plenty of fork food after I was done.

Frankly I don't get why there were so many people there today except that 1. Its a Friday 2. It was a really nice day 

Go to Qdoba and save your money. Or take some time and go somewhere good.

Post note: I"m still tasting the chips hours later. Nothing like greasy corny aftertaste.
Similar dining concept to Chipotle but slightly more pricer and the bowl is smaller. Customer service is really a hit or miss with this place. If you come during lunch, staff is a friendlier than in the evenings. My only issue is that when they add the beans, they don't properly drain the liquids so if you don't eat your food immediately expect to enjoy a soggy meal. The bowls are also in plastic bowls so sometimes it's cold.

On the plus side, the horchata is good here!
I'd been looking forward to checking this place out, given all the rave reviews on Yelp. While not the worst burrito I've ever had, it definitely doesn't compare to California burritos, or even burritos from Baja Fresh.

We had the spicy beef burrito and the steak quesadilla. The steak quesadilla was OK, except that I had to instruct them to put the salsa *inside* the quesadilla, which by the way, is how it's best done. The meat wasn't super fresh or high-quality for either the burrito or the quesadilla.

Service was OK. One of the women working was chit-chatting with a friend the entire time and seemed pretty unhappy once more customers came in and she actually had to serve them. The person helping me was nice, except that she ripped the tortilla when rolling up my burrito and then re-made it by dumping all of the ingredients onto a new tortilla. This sucked, because it meant all the ingredients were unevenly clumped throughout the burrito, and it could have been prevented if only chit-chatting employee #1 hadn't overheated the tortilla and made it too stiff to wrap.

Overall, food & service is comparable to Qdoba, although it is definitely not as gross and fast-foody in terms of decor if you want to eat there.
I paid either $12.13 or $12.82 for a burrito here. Somehow I was not expecting this when I arrived at the register. It doesn't *actually* seem unreasonable, but I generally shy away from spending that much,  if anything, on lunch. That said, I did save 1/3 for lunch the next day (not quite enough), so that distribution of cost across days is more my style.

I wasn't very impressed since the ingredients weren't really distributed in a homogeneous fashion. THAT's what I want, and I feel like it's never really going to happen, at a cafeteria-style line, anywhere, especially at lunch time. So, ya know, it is what it is and it's not my favorite but it's fine. How's that for a half-hearted run-on evaluation?
I like to try different lunch spots and came across El Fuego. Small little Mexican spot with very good tacos. The chicken, beef and steak tacos were delicious.  It was $8 for (4) tacos and a large drink which was a good deal. 

The staff was friendly and the service was quick and efficient.
Oh wow.  This place is so good.  I live in Rittenhouse, so the closest burrito place is Qdoba.  This place is 10,000 times better.  It's the same assembly line deal, but the food tastes so fresh and everything tastes like itself.  Like, if you have rice and beans and guac and whatnot you can taste them distinctly and not as one mush.  

The place is clean and the decor is minimalist but nice.  There was one guy at the counter and he was nice.  

I don't think I'll be able to eat Qdoba again after this place.
Really should be a zero stars option. 

The food was terrible. "Beans" were mostly water, veggies gross, everything just kind of awful. Somehow they are using twice the amount of carbonated water than anywhere else...probably to cut back on the syrup costs. All the drinks tasted like perrier water with a little bit of sugar.

The service was horrible. The poor girl in front of me asked for pinto beans after the dude had moved her tacos down the line, and he replied "Thanks a lot"...apparently it's a major inconvenience to do your fucking job. Just a bunch of attitude and bad form.

This was my first time in an El Feugo. It's totally the Hardees of the San Francisco-style burrito places. Terrible.
Here is what I have to say about El Fuego:

Chipotle put on one of those fake nose/glasses/mustache combos and tried to trick me. I was not fooled.
I will walk through rain, sleet, and snow to get to El Fuego when the mood strikes. I love the burrito bowls, their soup is fabulous on a cold day, and they will let me order only one taco if I feel like it.

The guys who run the shop are super friendly, too. My office has ordered a couple hundred tacos for an event and they delivered all of the supplied (just make sure you or someone you know rations this stuff out, it goes quick). I've also coordinated happy hours here: $2 tacos and $2 beers. Not bad!

This is a great place to get lunch to go, sit down and relax, and even host events here. Good food, good people, good vibes!
Yummy yummy yummy. A favorite lunchtime spot. Modelo with a lime and a Vegetarian Burrito please! Also try the chips and salsa. I dont know what they do to their tortilla chips, but i can never get enough of them. They are some of the best. The guys running this place are always friendly, always willing to do something different for the finicky vegetarian (me) and always serving up the best burritos i have had in philly.  I love the family style seating, and watching people make fools of themselves trying to stuff giagantic burritos in their mouths gracefully (while I try and fail similarly to do the same) is always good lunchtime fun. In short, this place is a good choice. Try it!
I love this place, i would often eat so much i'd get sick. I also gained 10 pounds when i worked down the street from it. The pico de gallo is the freshest in the city, and the naked burrito is huge. Staff is really awesome and efficient too.
There's a certain amount of cliche that must be digested with every Tex Mex burrito or taco. It's sort of a bland, salty taste that passes for overseasoning while it's really your psyche rebelling at the thought of even more fake Mexican food in your body. 

Sadly, El Fuego is no exception. It's the same ingredients, the same process, the same formula as your Moe's, Chipotle, Qdoba. Let's set aside my begruntled, waistline-growing, Tex-Mex glutton self and acknowledge El Fuego for it's contribution to the Center City fare. 

The price is right, and the atmosphere is inviting, no-frills. It's about the food here, and even if it won't change your worldview, it's always refreshing to eat somewhere that's more interested in their food than their aesthetic (a less and less prevalent approach). The chicken is stand-out, the steak is fine, and the chorizo could be good (however, when I had it, it was cold). 

My only serious complaint - what almost made me give it a 3-star review - is that the food on the assembly line should be kept warmer. That minor point aside, El Fuego is a good place to grab a quick meal on Walnut (a relatively unrivaled option in that area, unless you're looking to spend quite a bit more).
Ok so there are a lot of reviews on here from people that actually eat those stupid rice filled burritos from the chain restaurants like Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. Do me a favor and go to the Southwest...pick a state...or even better, go to Mexico and go somewhere authentic, i.e. not a Qdoba, Chipotle, etc. and find me a burrito filled with rice. It won't happen because its not natural and its dumb...and...(last and)...its not delicious. 

The real beauty behind a burrito though is that its simple and anybody can get their burrito the way they want.  I want to say that people who like rice in their burritos are dumb...but that's not what burritos are about. They're about taking the most beautiful form of bread in the world, "the tortilla", and rolling it up with whatever you want! Some people, like Tim at work, want to put bacon in the burrito, others want yummy chicken, steak, chorizo, lengua, carnitas, chicharone, beans, and of course even (not yummy) rice in theirs. I can't give El Fuego 5 stars because there wasn't anything special or amazing about the place or the food, but, you do get to pick whatever you want to put in it (with limits, no penguin or kiwi), the tortillas are good, the guacamole is good, they have a few options on salsa, are authentic enough to have Tapatillo on the counters, and the guys behind the counters weren't jerks. Unless they were from New Jersey and I couldn't tell, then they would still be jerks, just subtle jerks. 

Oh yeah...the burritos are HUGE too, so that's nice too!
Quick and good. Thoroughly enjoy their naked burritos. Come here often on my lunch break.
I discovered El Fuego while working downtown for a certain car sharing operation that shall go un-named. It's fast and like most Mexican take out joints you get a boatload of food for under 8 bucks. I instantly fell for the pulled spicey beef quesadilla. There's no frills and there's no buffet style line like other places in the city but it hits the spot. Plus I really don't mind supporting a small local restaurant as opposed to a corporate chain. 

One day I discovered the new location at 21st & Chestnut, which looked so welcoming with the tables outside and the huge indoor space. I got a frozen margarita which was basically a spiked slurpee with chips n salsa for 5 bucks during happy hour. It was airy and un-crowded, I sat up front by the open windows with a great view of the street. Neither place will knock your socks off but for a simple cheap meal I don't see what's not to like.
Good lord. 

The chips were stale; the guacamole was too acidic (it was more like an avocado ceviche for crying out loud); the burrito was tiny, the "spicy" beef was stringy, wet (???), and bland; the filling of the burrito consisted primarily of what seemed to be unseasoned white rice; the sour cream was watery; and the chorizo at least was flavorful, but had been on the line for so long it was dry as a bone.

I tried so very hard to find something about this meal that wasn't disappointing but I came up lacking. It's the worst meal I've had in Philly. What a waste.
I WANT to like this place, i really really do! I keep going back because they'er locally owned and the only other Mexican-ish places i can walk to from work are Qdoba and Santa Fe Burrito.

None of these options are what anyone would consider "authentic" Mexican, but they are all just a couple steps above, say, Taco Bell. However, i dont need authentic Mexican to make me happy. I love a tasty burrito! 

The problem i keep having with El Fuego is that i can't manage to get a tasty burrito. All the meat fillings are off. The Chorizo is too salty and the slow cooked spicy beef is stringy, bland, and not what i think anyone would ever call "spicy". Sure, you put enough sour cream, cheese, and salsa on shoe leather and wrap it in a tortilla it will be just short of delicious. But without a tasty meat option to ground the dish, i may as well just stick to Qdoba. It's closer.
Just got back from El Fuego.  There was a short line of lunch time workers.  Don't expected any smiles or customer service.  It's all 'head down', 'What do ya what? and 'Next'.  (Not necessarily bad if you're on your lunch hour, but ......)

    I asked the server to cut my buritto in half.  He made a face, rolled his eyes and muttered something......  I've been before and was unimpressed (with the food and for the abrupt service), just happened to be in the area and thought I'd give it a second chance. Still unimpressed.

    I won't be back again. I've had much better Mexican takeout and MUCH better customer service.  There's plenty of places in the around Washington Square where they appreciate your business and have better food.
I work about a block away and have been going here for at least 5 years. I used to love this place and bring people here for lunch all the time, but recently I've been noticing the food quality drop way down. For example, I generally get the chicken burrito bowl and the ingredients were really fresh and clean, but now I just get a soggy mess that I don't want to finish. I'm not sure what changed in their preparation process, but I think it's time that they go back to basics. 

I also have a problem with the wrapping of their burritos. Although I appreciate having them stack the burritos super full especially for the price I'm paying, I'm not a fan of having them so packed that every time I eat one the tortilla breaks and I have to eat it with a fork. If I wanted a burrito bowl to eat with a fork, then I would have ordered one.  

I will mention one positive: the tacos are always a good safe choice. 

Chipotle is a few blocks farther from my office on Walnut Street, but I'd gladly make the hike if they continue down this path of neglecting quality.
I love the quick service. The food is always fresh and yummy. I enjoy sitting by the window watching people while I eat.
Yea, so, the steak is definitely the way to go. I don't know why i hadn't tried it before. El Fuego has moved way up on my list of "Mexican" restaurants in the city. I had a burrito with grilled steak. I can't wait to try the tacos and the quesadillas!
Fresh ingredients assembled to order.   The spicy beef is delicious.  The salsa is fresh and spicy, just the way I like it.  It's a hearty portion that could feed two if you aren't exceptionally hungry.
Sick burritos!  I had a chicken and chorizo burrito today and I was in heaven.  The chorizo has a nice little char to it that really gave the burrito a nice kick to it.

I have been here a few dozen times and the consistency of their food is why there is always a line there.  

I love burritos and this place takes a crap on the "other guys."
i love this place!  miss it.  used to go there 4 out of 5 days a week when i worked in philly.  it's  a very california burrito with fresh ingredients.  the guys behind the counter during the week at lunch are awesome.  really great guys who are fun and nice.  they get an extra star for that.   anyway, try the naked burrito with a chorizo and chicken mix.  YUM.
Nothing fancy about this place. However, their chorizo rocks with the soft tacos. My only knocks on the place is a little pricy for a taco of $2.25 and a whopping $2.50 for extra meat. Ouch! I will come back because their food is fresh and authentic but just every other week. Mexican food is weak for the most part in Philly and I lived in California for 30 years so I think I know a little about Mexican food.
Yea this place is horrible.

The only people in this place were the people that worked there whom all seemed to be eating watching spanish soccer.

The way the burrito was made just ruined it to begin with

Chicken wasnt' that good and the whole thing just tasted bland.

I am still trying to find a good burrito spot in Philly and have yet to find one.

Save your self the time and just hit chipotle instead.
I got the chicken burrito bowl and was not impressed. The meat was nothing special and the salsas and toppings added no flavor.   The ambiance was dark and depressing, I went there at 7pm, and could use some more lighting. The owner or who seemed to be the manager was not really friendly and seemed overall annoyed when I was ordering.  I would not go here again.
The food here is good, but today I had very poor customer service, which I see reflected in a few other reviews as well.

I have gone here a few times. Today I went for lunch and I ordered a few things (picking up lunch for people at work).

When I ordered multiple things, the guy making the order signed in exasperation and rolled his eyes, like he was doing me a favor even serving me. Then I asked for "light on the rice" and he said "No, I'm not doing that, I'm making them the same" and before I could respond made both burrito bowls with normal rice (I asked for one light on the rice).

Then I tried to pay for the orders separately and the response of the cashier was a groan and the sentence, "You're killing me."

I'm not sure what the difference is between me ordering multiple items, or multiple people being in line ordering a single item, but apparently ordering multiple items here is not okay.

Like I said, the food is good, but in my opinion life's too short to surround yourself with people who are negative for no reason. I was polite the whole time, but made to feel bad simply because I ordered food. I'll go elsewhere from now on.
Easily the worst burrito I've ever had, the morons there don't know how to wrap and everything tasted sour.  Basically a super low quality Qdoba with less options and a higher price.
This place just reminds me of another chipotle and qdoba... except not as good. The menu options are generally the same, but parts of my burrito were cold while others were hot. It was quite unappetizing.  Not really a place worth checking out.
I'm a unhappy that they charge the same for a veggie burrito as one containing meat, and I sometimes find it comical how bad they are at rolling a burrito...

but the ingredients are fresh and tasty, the shop is cute, and this being Philadelphia, El Fuego is miles better than the competition.  Especially the competition right down the street...
After my friend telling me to check this place out for months, I finally managed to sit down with a burrito from El Fuego. Now, I have never had a burrito in California. But I have had burritos from chain restaurants with the same concept like Qdoba and Chipotle. Now, if those chains too make a Californian burrito, and I was to compare them, El Fuego wins hands down. Their is a sort of simplicity to the burritos they have. Not overloaded with exotic cheese sauces or odd salsas, the burritos here are simple, hearty, and clean.
Big. Fat. Burrito! i crave BFBs pretty often. weekly, at least. this one was generous on the cheese and had fresh lettuce. the spicy salsa couldve had more of a kick to it but overall a good choice if you're in the neighborhood.
Burrito includes rice beans bell pepper and salsa for $7.50. That is not a lot of variety for the cost. Also they charge extra for a bowl. I paid for chips and salsa but they forgot my salsa and charged me for guacamole. I asked for the receipt but they said they don't give out receipts. 

I recommend going somewhere else. 

Taste was okay too. Not much flavor.
First off, I just want to state that I am far from a Burrito Aficionado. However, I do thoroughly enjoy a well-made, balanced burrito. 

I cannot agree with 'Liz S.' more...she hit the nail on the head. I too REALLLYYY want to love it here, but I can't seem to do so. Hence the three stars. The people who work there are extremely blah. They're neither nice nor rude. They're just there. Like robots.  

I have to say, I can make a mean burrito at home, and maybe I am being biased, but it's better than El Fuego. If I'm in a pinch, sure, I'll run and grab one since they're only like $7 and take five minutes....except at lunch. The line is longgggggggg! Why!? Whatever.

The tortilla is definitely chewy. Not sure if it's how they're heating them up or the brand that they buy. Chipotle definitely has them beat.

As Liz said, the lettuce just doesn't taste crisp and clean. And to be honest, you can tell just by looking at it in the bit on the prep table. Sometimes, it's brown and wilted. Not good, El Fuego. Not good.

The meats? Well, this is where it gets weird. They're never hot (Except that one time I went for lunch. Probably because of the high turnover.). I would argue that the prep table (Or whatever the proper name for it is) is not at a proper temp, and if it is, the system is flawed. Now, I have never gotten sick, but I know for a fact that when I touch the meat (like 50% of the time) it's cool - not warm nor cold. Doesn't bother me...until I get sick!

Overall, this place deserves three stars in my honest opinion.
I don't understand how this place has just 3 1/2 stars.  Anyone I've ever brought to it has craved for it in a bad way.  The line out the door everytime I go (that thankfully moves really fast) sort of reconfirms my thoughts.

This is hands down the best taco/burrito shop I've ever been to.  It's not authentic but that's really not my barometer of good.  The fresh ingredients are superb. 

I am a vegetarian and I'm a huge crunchy taco fan if they're flavored and these are.  I'm usually not a Mexican fan because my stomach will KILL me for hours after I leave.  El Fuego leaves my belly happy.  And I always go for the veggie crunchy tacos that have peppers and onions and I get the pinto beans, the mild or medium sauce (sometimes both) and cheese and lettuce.  Fantastic!  

I hear the chorizo is amazing.  I will usually get these days the naked burrito, which simply means burrito without the wrapper.  That's a heck of a huge meal.  The quesadillas are fine but rather boring for me as a vegetarian, through no fault of El Fuego's.  I don't like guacamole but I hear theirs is amazing.  

Prices are cheaper than chain burrito places even AFTER they've raised them several times.  If you go in around happy hour, you can get beer and they play dance music.  

Service is always great.  Usually super cute as well, which we ladies know makes the food taste EVEN BETTER and despite the fact that it's always jam packed in there, they manage to keep it pretty clean.
CLOSED... I think? 

I used to go here all the time because I'm crazy about Mexican food and they're right around the corner from where I work. Back then, I might have rated them 3.5 stars at best.

Now, I really don't know. I tried calling them around 7pm last week (their hours are listed as being open till 9pm across the web and in their phone's voicemail) but no one picked up. I swung by today (again, around 7pm) and their sign said they'd be open till 9pm but everything was completely closed. No new signs or anything looking different otherwise.

Honestly, I don't know if they're still open for lunch - but, seriously, if you're gonna change your hours LET PEOPLE KNOW. And if you're closed for good or even if your hours have simply changed, AT LEAST put a friggin' hand-written sign on your front door. I'm hungry for chorizo near Washington Square Park and it's all El Fuego's fault.
Always leave overly stuffed and happy. The naked steak burrito is always a great choice with all the fixings. Get some chips and guacamole and a pineapple jarrito and your set. What I love most is the place is owned and operated by an awesome owner who bought the business and works hard all day long. Support local businesses like this one great food, great atmosphere, great people.
We were excited to have dinner here, but it was hotter inside than it was outside, so we took our food to go. 
I ordered three veggie tacos, but the fillings were really basic for the price we paid. Having other veggie options would definitely benefit everybody. Something as simple as sautéed mushrooms and zucchini to go along with the beans and rice would be wonderful, instead of just beans and rice. I think having another taco option like that would make a lot of people happy, not just vegetarians.
This place cannot be more boring. The meat is overcooked and chewy, flavor is lacking complexity. Save your money and go down straight from here to 6th & washington avenue to the taco trucks.
It's a giant burrito. Sometimes, a giant burrito is just a giant burrito, not rocket science. I can't say I'd be able to tell the difference between this or Chipotle if I were blindfolded, but um...who cares? I guess my standards are low - the only thing I don't like it chewy gross bits of meat. El Fuego did not serve me chewy gross meat, so I was happy. 

Oh, I tried the crunchy tacos and got one with each kind of filling. I have to say that the chorizo was by far the tastiest and I imagine I'll get that next time I go. It's a block away from where I live, it's dinner for under $10, there's happy hour every week night from 5-7 and it's fast. I think that equals four thumbs up.
I go to El Fuego once in a while for lunch and it's a pretty good burrito spot.  The quesadillas were good.  Nothing special in my opinion.   However, the burrito's won me over.  I've only had the marinated steak burrito with black beans, rice, lettuce, shredded cheese and I thought it was fresh and really hit the spot.  The guacamole is pretty good too.  

My lone complaint about this place is that it was really loud.  Like loud enough where I couldn't hear the guy taking my order.  I had to ask him to repeat himself because I honestly couldn't hear him and he became visibly annoyed.
I don't care.... this is what I heard from the server when told him that the way he has kept his beef curry... he is mixing all his beef curry with chicken and who so ever doesn't eat beef will have a trouble (including me). This can be easily solved by keeping the chicken in last so that it doesn't get mixed up with beef. The answer I got a rude "I don't care", if you don't want to eat, just walk away...

I wouldn't recommend anyone to try any checken dish who doesn't eat beef. Unless they fix this problem..
If you would have told me that they do California style burritos and tacos in Philly, I never would have believed it, but El Fuego knows the formula and works it to perfection. 

The first time I had one of these modern Cali burritos (and I was born and raised in Southern Cal) was at a joint in San Francisco back in 1995. It was a small place that had a line out of the door. Everybody worked at a frenetic, almost Soup Nazi, pace.  Great place. I think they invented the formula.

Here's how it works. You've basically got a taco and burrito assembly line behind the counter. Start with the big or small flour tortillas, then several types of beef, pork, chicken, fish are in big steaming pans. The smell is terrific! Then all the extras and ingredients you could hope for. Black beans, refried beans, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, pico de gallo, shredded cheese, onions, sour cream.. the works. The guy assembles the whole thing in front of you, expertly (and miraculously) folds all of that deliciousness into something you can actually grab and lift without it falling out (after your fifth bite though you're on your own) and puts it in a little brown paper bag or red plastic basket.

They've got original Mexican soft drinks. Jarritos (but no Jamaica.) and you can stuff yourself for only 10 bucks. Service is fast  and there are some tables in the back and a big plasma playing. 

The only problem with El Fuego is that you might not get a seat during the rush.
Went today for lunch. Looks like a trying-to-be-hipper version of Chipotle. Big 12:30PM line, took about 15 minutes to order and get food. 

Food was decent. For $7.50 I got a burrito with spicy beef, pinto beans, tomatillos red and green, cheese, rice, and lettuce. Honestly the flavor was just meh, more reminiscent of qdoba than chipotle. Nothing really stood out to me. It was fine, but I don't think I'll be getting it again anytime soon.
I'm a chipotle fan through and through, but these burritos are top notch. The spicy beef, the chorizo, chicken all are delicious. Both offer skimpy meat portions, so double meat is a must. If in the area give it a go. I am there at least once a week.
My favorite Mexican food place. Fresh food prepared daily. Does not give indigestion like other places. I eat from this place every few weeks.  Ice tea is fresh brewed. Max
Exactly the type of gross Tex-Mex food that gives Mexican a bad name. This is a glorified Qdoba/Chipotle/Taco Bell, with booze. I am not sure if I went here with high expectations or if it was just terrible, but I was expecting real Mexican and basically got a pile of crap from a rude teenager putting blobs of sour cream everywhere. I didn't think that chorizo could ever taste bad, but they managed.

Skip this place and travel 8 blocks south to any Mexican restaurant you see for food that is about a grillion times better for half the price.
Once upon a time (last year), I was in charge of bringing snacks to an annual trip with friends. I decided to bring a tray of guacamole and salsa along with chips from El Fuego. My friends snacked on it all night long and finished it up the next morning, they couldn't get enough and kept asking where I got it. This year it was not requested, it was demanded. So I braved the strong winds and rain, picked up my trays, chips, and dinner for myself, then hit the road to make my friends happy again. Thank you El Fuego!
This place is great for soft and hard tacos. You get to order at a salad-bar-esce bar where you can pick all your toppings and extras.

Make sure you get guac and chips to start, but be warned everything here may be a bit more spicy than you are used to. You can sit in the back of the restaurant, or at a bar facing the window where you can watch passersby coming from Washington Square.

I think this is a great little place to get real fajitas and tacos without traveling to Little Mexico.
A good amount of food for the money. It also tastes great. I would have given it only 4 stars but after reading the negative reviews from people who think baja fresh is better I had to bump it up another star to try to cancel their opinions out.
It's good enough for lunch, but not great. It's obviously not authentic Mexican food nor flavors, but it's an ok rendition of California burritos.
This place is crankin at lunchtime. Word must be out that they toss together amazing and delicious Mexican in a simple but still super pleasing style. You choose from a burrito, burrito bowl, tacos or quesadilla and shout out your preferred ingredients in a 'have it your way' sandwich shop style environment. You can then grab n go (as most do) or dine in at one of the handful of shared open seating tables. You can get away with lunch for less than $10 and it beats Chipotle every day of the week.
I always walk/ride by this place and last week I decided to stop in.  I ordered the chicken tacos and they were pretty good.  Certainly not the best I have had but better then Qdoba or Baja Fresh. The service was friendly  and the restaurant was really clean.  It was a quiet day so it was nice to sit in the front window and people watch.  Next time I'll try the burritos for sure.
Here is what I would really like in life . . . to eliminate qdoba and santa fe burrito on 11th street, and replace them with el fuego.  When it comes to fast delicious burritos, el fuego's dominance over the competition is insurmountable . . . sometimes 7th street just seems a little too far away.
What a wonderful find. All the fun of a chipotle but with fresher ingredients. I had the trio of tacos and loved that you could mix and match the different offerings. It was a very generous portion for the price, and the food was served quickly. I also appreciated the fact that it seemed to be a family run business. The wait staff was exceptionally friendly and accommodating. I also liked that they served Jarritos sodas. Certainly a place that I will return to if I find myself hungry in this society Hill neighborhood. Also note that this is very close to jeweler's Row if you need a break from shopping for diamonds.
I arrived today just around 12:10 and was expecting a crazy line based upon the previous reviews.  There were about 5 other people in line, but since the line literally moved at the speed of light, my burrito bowl was complete and was paying probably within 2 minutes of walking through the doors.  As I was walking out a large group came in, and suddenly the line was out the door (talk about perfect timing).

I ordered the chicken bowl with black beans, salsa, guac, sour cream & cheese, for a total of $10.10.  My meal was delicious and totally satisfying, and I am certain that I wil be back.  The portion was a little large for me to finish in one sitting, so I only wished they had a more heating friendly container - as I doubt this clear plastic would bode well in the microwave.

Good fast food at a fair price = no complaints from me.
I come here frequently for a veggie bowl. Typically there is a long line but you are in and out in minutes. The food is always fresh and staff is accommodating.
This is the place for a cali burrito in Philly.  12" tortillas packed with beans (black or pinto), rice, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, guac, salsa (fresca, tomatillo or chipotle) and choice of chicken, steak, spicy beef, chorizo or peppers and onions, they hit your stomach like a 200 mexi-ton bomb.  I could get one for lunch and be good for the rest of the day.  Plus they have Jarritos (mmmm, guava!)  Great place to grab a Pacifico or Modelo and watch some futbol.  Santa Fe burrito is weaksauce, Qdoba is a bit better but can't hold.  Beats out Jersey's coveted Surf Taco.   My only complaints?  They're not open later, or on Sunday at all.  And they aren't located on every corner in the city.
After traveling to southern California numerous times, I've been spoiled.  El Fuego isn't great, but it's good enough. 

I agree the preparation of tacos/burritos in rushed and sloppy.  It's as if they want to project that as part of the experience.  Tsk. Tsk.  Take your time and make it right.
I had an hour to kill on Saturday at lunch time, so when I walked by this place and saw the different taco options, it seemed like I had found a great way to kill time. 

When you walk in, this place will remind you of Chipotle, Qdoba, or any of the build your own burrito places. I decided to try their tacos which come in threes and they had no problem when I asked to try a different meat in each taco. I figured that I might try as many different combinations as I could! I ordered the steak, the spicy beef and the chicken soft tacos with chips and guac. 

The toppings are all fresh and delicious and exactly what you would expect at this type of taco joint. The meats were good, but nothing was stellar. The guac was good, but the chips were very disappointing. 

The staff was watching a soccer game when I came in, and pretty much focused more on the game than on the customers. After I ordered, they took over a table to continue to watch the game. I found this slightly amusing, but the people who came in after me and had to wait for them to take a break from the game didn't seem to impressed. 

All in all it was an average taco place. Nothing special and I probably would try something new instead of going back.
Where else can you find fresh Mexican food that offers beer and good guacamole?

I'm a wimp with spicy food, but their food is a little hot for me, but I can deal with it because the food is so fresh and tasty. The staff is top notch. The line is usually out the door around lunch time so go early or later.

Tip: They offer good happy hours specials
best place for tacos or burritos in philadelphia. probably best in the country... but im not qualified to say so.
Quick and friendly service at 1pm on a Tuesday! 

I ordered the chicken bowl with white rice, pinto beans, guacamole (extra $), and other house toppings. It was tasty, compact, and a bit spicy! I took it out and ate it at the adjacent Washington Square park, but the there is plenty of seating and the space is comfortable.

Great spot for less than $10 lunch or dinner! Basic options of bowls, burritos, and quesadillas with flavorful toppings.
Yum, very good burrito for Philly. I've been a Chipotle fan for years having lived in Colorado, so I was surprised to find this local place that pretty much beats Chipotle on the big burritos. I also lived in SF for a while and yeah, El Fuego is a distant cousin, but not quite the same. One thing they do in Cali that they don't here is some places will melt the cheese onto the tortilla first and fry the meat and rice and beans together on the grill. Another good thing that makes El Fuego stand apart from the new Chipotle that opened here recently is they have a beer license so you can get some Tecate, Dos Equis or Corona to go with that hefty burrito.
My co-workers seem to rave about this place but I didint find it any different than Chipotle or Qdoba. the burrito bowl was pretty good- but sill standard taste.
Takeout was quick and easy.
This is a solid place right on Washington Square. Akin to Chipotle, the concept is similar, but we like to shop local, right?

I usually opt for the burrito bowl.  It's quick and delicious, and if you don't get cheese or sour cream, you can keep it pretty healthy.

Salads aren't on their menu, but just ask for a bowl with a lettuce base instead of rice.
OK lets preface this with I LOVE CHIPOTLE so please don't yell at me for this yelpers.

I liked El Fuego a lot! I got the spicy beef bowl and was not disappointed. The bowl contained black beans, spicy beef, rice, pico, salsa verde, grilled peppers & onions, cheese and guac. Everything was very tasty and you could tell it was all very fresh. You could taste the ingredients in the salsa verde really well and the meat was nice and spicy. So the reason I really liked El Fuego is because it was just so fresh and lighter. I will definitely go back and try something else too. 

The service left something to be desired but I think it was just because they were super busy...maybe. I do agree with other yelpers in that it is pricier than chipotle.
Great spot nearby Washington Square. Got the spicy beef burrito bowl w/ mostly all of the toppings and it was delicious. Everything tastes very fresh and less pre-packed/formulary than Chipotle. Will definitely be coming back!
