Californians often talk poorly of the Mexican fare in New York.  And when I hear them do so, I feel like a kid attending community college who is listening to his school being compared unfavorably, maybe even unfairly, to the Ivies.  What am I missing?  How can I get membership to the club?  Will I be okay?  Searching questions.  Well, I am discounting my visits to Pancho Villa in San Francisco, from which I do not have many fond memories.

El Jarocho's status is however not up for debate.  I imagine it is about as Mexican and authentic as a taqueria could ever get.  On my recent visit to Philadelphia, I called ahead for directions and the staff had trouble speaking English.  But their willingness to communicate was comforting.  Upon reaching El Jarocho, I discovered that their menu is extensive.  The totopos seemed to come in two grades--I preferred the thicker, crispier kind that came with the pico de gallo.  The friendly server brought out fresh guacamole that I couldn't resist, even though I am not a big fan of avocado.  Next to arrive was my order of cheese quesadillas, with a side order of beans.  The food was simply delicious, and easily the best Mexican I have eaten in a long time (see pictures).  The granite top tables and ceramic bowls at once exude earthy charm while confirming El Jarocho's general bias towards keeping it simple.  I spotted several groups of Mexican diners, who appeared too comfortable to not be regulars.

I seemed to have finally discovered the elusive fourth dimension of Mexican food --
            
                                               Speedy  (think 'Chipotle')
                                                         \
                                                          \
                                                           \    
                                                            \ _________ Hip (like Suenos, NY)
                                                            / \
                                                          /     \
                                                        /         \
                                                      /             \
                                        Authentic     California Mexican 
                                     (El Jarocho)       (what is that?)

I call it Authentic Mexican, as opposed to California Mexican, that continues to defy accurate description :P
Well, since all of you now know probably about my lifetime battle with Mexican food, I won't have to go into too much depth about how excited I was to find an authentic Mexican spot right around the corner from my new apartment that DOESN'T cause me to rush immediately to the bathroom after eating. Having been to El Jarocho twice in the past week, I can safely say that my stomach was not offended. Hallelujah! Any Mexican place that doesn't make my stomach turn is worthy of being my hundredth review!

Not only was their food inoffensive... it was downright delicious. A few nights after we moved in, Hunter and I went here for dinner, since all of our pots and pans and cooking items were still in boxes. We sat down at one of their few tables and the waitress came over to us right away to take our drink order. We were pleased to discover that she didn't speak English very well, which pretty much guaranteed that we were going to be served authentic Mexican food. I ordered the shrimp burrito with a pineapple soda, and Hunter ordered the beef burrito. It took about ten minutes for the waitress to bring them over, during which we enjoyed their amazing homemade chips and array of sauces (salsa, crema, and I believe salsa verde). I probably could have eaten just the chips for dinner... they were that good.

Based on my shrimp burrito alone, I probably would have given it four stars. It was good, but not knock-your-sombrero-off delicious. The shrimp were definitely fresh and not canned, though, which was a plus, and the burritos were (excuse the cringe-worthy phrase) as big as your head. When I asked for the check at the end, the server misunderstood me and brought me some iced milk with cinnamon stirred in. I'm still not sure what this drink is called, but I was surprised to find out that it was really good*.

We got takeout the next day because we were too tired from unpacking and moving to walk any farther than two blocks. I ordered the chicken burrito this time. WOW! Way better than the shrimp burrito. The tortilla was loaded with tender strips of grilled chicken, lettuce, Oaxacan cheese, tomatoes, jalapenos, crema, and onions. It was moist, juicy, and thoroughly enjoyable. Yum.

I am so happy that this is my neighborhood Mexican spot. I will be back here time and time again. Bonus points: They deliver! This could get ugly...

*According to Meg C., this amazing drink is called horchata.
It is truly amazing. Meredith K. is right, this is a Mexican restaurant you can dine at and not be running to the bathroom afterwards. The food was fresh, light, and flavorful. I had a simple chicken dish, I think it was the "Chicken Mexican". The dish consisted of a chicken breast that had been flattened out and covered with a saute mixture of tomatoes, jalapenos, and onions. I found it spicy and a little on the salty side but when paired with the refried beans which were a little on the bland side it balanced well. I am not sure if I will drive all the way to South Philly for it, but it will definitely be on my short list when I am in the area again.
Embarrasingly, I've even written a poem about my love for El Jarocho.  Mexican food is my favorite, and El Jarocho is in my top 5 for Mexican in the city.  The food is fantastic.  The shrimp burrito is my go-to and always excellent.  The queso fundido is also great.

The delivery is a plus, but I must say the food is much better eating in, and its byo.  Its worth the walk south to head to this fantastic place.

i felt the need to add my poem (note this was for a contest, i don't write odes to all my favorite eateries)

Ode to El Jarocho

Garces, Perrier, not even for a rainy day,
Stephen Starr, can't even afford the bar.
El Jarocho...that's where I go-cho.

Obama has asked us to cut back
So El Jarocho is where I snack.
Shrimp burritos and killer queso
all so good I want to give the chef a beso.

In the recession, your wine habit may be too much,
so bring a sixer of Dos Equis, and go dutch.

Car troubles got you down,
Not to worry, El Jarocho delivers all over town.

When it comes to authentic Mexican eats
El Jarocho cannot be beat.
So head down to South Philly, or give them a call 
because their tacos and burritos are the best of all.
El Jarocho serves up some really great authentic Mexican food, and I look forward to grabbing lunch here every time I visit Philly. 

I am in love with their chorizo.  It is arguably the best I've ever had.  It is perfectly seasoned and so yummy. I've had it on both their tacos and in their burritos, and it never dissappoints.  Once their food is in front of me, all I need is a bottle of Tapatío and it is a wrap for whatever is on my plate, so long as it includes their chorizo.

It should also be noted that they have a cute atmosphere, efficient service, and an extensive drink collection. (Mexican coke FTW y'all). Overall, if you find yourself in Philly with a craving for authentic Mexican, El Jarocho is the place to go. Psssssst ... get the chorizo!
I'd like to have a serious conversation with you about cat calling. Seriously, has this ever worked for anyone? Ever resulted in a meaningful relationship? Even a one night stand? No? Okay, awesome. 

Thanks for listening

El Jarocho is a teeny but well-meaning restaurant just before the heart of the Italian Market. It was pretty much a pain to get to, but mostly because I am an idiot, even equipped with GPS. Walking all around the area for about 20 minutes, and couldn't find it. Hence, the cat calling. 

As others have said, there are only maybe 5 or so tables in here. They were only half full at my arrival, midafternoon on a Sunday. So what I thought was cool is that instead of feeling cramped, it felt really relaxed inside. Like you and your friends could go chill there for an hour or two, slowly savoring your meal without being rushed by the servers. I can't imagine it would be the same during the peak hours. So maybe try takeout then, and dine in during an off-rush hour. They're open from 9am-11pm, so should be plenty of opportunities. 

I was greeted immediately by a server when I approached the counter to place my order, and received my food in like 10 minutes. The menu is fairly extensive, in juxtaposition to the small size of the place. It has similar categories to other taquerias, the ubiquitous tacos/burritos/platters/tortas/etc. But they have two different categories of sandwiches. They have unique platters, and more of them. They have a large breakfast menu. I ordered two items, the Burrito Jarocho and the Camarones Enchipotlades (chipotle shrimp dish). The burrito jarocho had spicy shrimp, rice, beans, and some lettuce, pico, and sour cream on the side. It was tasty, but unfortunately nothing suuper special. Not at 9 dollars. Which I will gladly pay for a great burrito, this was more like a 7 dollar one. At least not special enough to deter me from my longtime favorite Italian Market stop, Taqueria Veracruzana. However, the chipotle shrimp entree was really delicioso! It had a good amount of shrimp, not giant shrimp but a good number of them, a serving of rice, a mound of tortillas, and a little salad. The chipotle sauce really hit the spot - pretty spicy, but not overwhelming. I really liked the side salad. It wasn't very fresh, but I liked the addition of something cold and crunchy on the side. The portion wasn't as enormously intimidating as it is at Veracruzana, but the price is a little lower so it works out. 

In conclusion, I did like this place, and I loved the chipotle shrimp dish I got. I would definitely go back.. but I'd be hard pressed to pick it over my favorite Taqueria!
There was a time where I was all set to call El Jarocho the be all authentico joint for Mexican food in Philadelphia. But it's been awhile and visits to Taqueria Veracruzana, El Zarape, and Los Taquitos de Puebla  have bought out some serious contention (and even more reviews that I need to jump on!). But even still El Jarocho is definitely one for the record books.

On one glorious summer night the staff working were amazing enough to bring a couple of tables outside (not a typical scenario for them) so we could enjoy the weather while waxing poetic about the night (bonus points for the impromptu street soap opera that was going on across the street at the time!). and that's just the beginning of the incredible service that I've been treated to here!

The food is also pretty damn impressive in both taste and price. at $6 the 3 taco deal is pretty impossible to beat; especially since you can go with Al Pastor or Chiles Rellenos. The jalapeno of the rellenos might not pack the hot kick at the levels that I'm used to. But it does provide a subtle spice that's just right, and is perfect for washing down with tamarind Jarritos. Ole!
Favorite thing on the menu is their amazing pork tacos and smother it with their orange sauce! They have amazing sauces! Love this place
We were craving a good burrito the other day, and decided to give El Jarocho a try. 

The restaurant was a simple taqueria, minimal mexican inspired decor.  A few tables- nothing fancy. The server brought us chips and salsa and we ordered vegetable burritos.  The two salsas and chips were fresh and tasty,  The burrito was fairly ordinary, though tasty as well....definitely not the best burrito I've experienced, though not the worst either.  

Service was simple- though it was a corner take out spot, so I was surprised to find table service there at all.  Total price for 2 was around $20.  Worth checking out I suppose, although I'm curious to try other options next time I get the craving for some mexican food. 

If I had written this review immediately following my visit, it would have been 3 stars, however due to the stomach discomfort that both my boyfriend and I experienced about an hour after we ate here, I'm going to have to give it a 2.  Perhaps the vegetable burritos weren't vegetarian???
I can't get enough of El Jarocho. Every time I have even the slightest inclination of a taco craving my legs are already walking me in the direction of El Jarocho. 

I love this place because it's small, cozy and has a great neighborhood feel. Oh, and the food is BANGIN'! Nearly every time I go there I order the enchiladas con queso y salsa verde. By the time I'm done I always have and empty plate and a massive food baby. Oh, and did I mention they always have ice cold Coca Cola in the glass? Swoon!

I love their chips and salsa...the cream sauce is awesome and I always ask for extra to drown my tacos with. 

I always get waited on by the same girl. She's an absolute sweetheart.

Where else can you stuff your face with a taco and watch telenovelas?
You need a burrito-induced food coma? This is the place you go.  I was craving Mexican one night. Tacos, quesadillas, burritos, anything with melted cheese will make me a happy woman. Yelped about this place, and I was ready for the Al Pastor. As mentioned in previous reviews, the place is small. Friend and I were one of the two parties at the restaurant, so it was going to be a quiet dinner. Before we got our main meal, we were served nachos with a green salsa (spicy!) and some type of cheesy sauce. Both sauces were good, and we finished off those nachos before we got our entrees. The burrito was large, and I challenged myself to eat the whole thing. Mission was not accomplished considering how stuffed it was with rice, beans, pork, cilantro, and sour cream. Even though I couldn't finish every last bite, it was delicious. Friend ordered the Mexican style eggs, and she seemed happy and content as she mixed her refried beans, eggs, and cheese into a flavorful myriad of Mexican awesomeness. 

The cost was unreal. $8 for my burrito and $6 for her eggs. Score! Thank you, El Jarocho for a tasty, cheap, and satisfying meal.

Note: Breakfast is served all day!
Authentic Mexican food. The cemitas (tortas from Puebla) are quite tasty. The burritos are also tasty. 

Plus, all this tasty food is fairly cheap, and they take every credit card ever. Since a lot of similarly-priced authentic Mexican places in the surrounding area are cash only, that's pretty awesome.
Hands down this place is delicious. Everytime I eat here, I am not disappointed. My friend that lives in South Philadelphia reccommended it to me, and I crave it all the time.  

The tacos are great, the enchiladas are great. My boyfriend always orders the mixed fajitas EVERYTME,  I tasted them recently and they were to die for. 

The prices are reasonable and I would totally tell anyone to go there that is interested in eating some authentic mexican food!
This is definitely my favorite taco joint in Philly. I'm not a huge fan of the subway, but I deal with it to get to El Jarocho. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food, this is the place. 

I've only ever tried the Tacos Al Pastor there, and quite frankly, I have no desire to try anything else. They are so delicious! The meat is so tender and seasoned perfectly. I love the sweet bursts you get from the pineapple chunks.The tacos are topped with onions, cilantro and lime. I wish I knew about them sooner!  At 3 tacos for 8 bucks, they are definitely a steal. 

They serve complimentary chips and dip with dinner and the sauces vary night to night. There are various salsas and we have also been served a couple of cream based sauces... chipotle usually? They also offer a variety of Mexican sodas. If you have enough room for dessert, their flan is on point.

As far as service goes, the woman that usually serves us is sweet, but not particularly chatty, which I don't mind. Leaves me to get lost in the telanovelas that I don't understand but entertain me anyway.

I can't get enough of this place. And as if all of this isn't enough reason to head there, it's also BYOB. So bring your cervezas!
This is my favorite divey-Mexican-spot-in-South-Philly at the moment.

Tacos ($6 per three, generously filled) are pretty much everything one would hope for - homemade double-tortilla, spicy proteins, yummy sauce accompanyments.   The chorizo (spicy/salty Mexican sausage) is by far the best, followed by chicken and steak.  The pork (not sure if it is al Pastor?) is OK but consistently a wee dry for my liking.

Burritos ($7) are predictably massive and essentially a monster version of the taco plus some rice.

On weekends only - I enjoy the barbacoa de borrego (lamb platter thing, $12, serves 2).  It is deeply-spiced-on-the-bone-yummy-indulgent and is usually served with a side of rice and beans.  

I'm pretty sure they just slay a lamb in the basement, chop it up, and just let it simmer all day in this big wok-looking pot.  Amazing... and you'll smell it immediately if you visit this place on a Saturday.

Atmosphere is TV-blaring, bright lights, girl-scowls-at-you-when-she-serves-you minimalist.  On the upside, it seems a bit cleaner than some of the other taquerias I have encountered - and the open kitchen is encouraging.

Overall, El Jarocho is stellar authentic Mexican food that is so cheap it is almost free.   I heart the hell out of it.
I love, love, love this place! It's right around the corner from my house, so I eat here quite often.

The meal starts with delicious chips and homemade salsa. I usually order the chicken tacos or the chicken quesadillas, which are wonderfully unlike the ones they serve up at Qdoba or other such chain restaurants. The quesadillas are topped with chopped lettuce, tomato, spicy peppers, sour cream, and crumbly cheese. Mmmmmmm! My boyfriend swears by their veggie burritos, and I hear they have good Huevos Rancheros as well.

This place is also a BYOB if you so choose. They do carry-out and delivery as well. Definitely a South Philly gem!
I'm glad I gave this place a chance, as I got nervous from the neon sign screaming "Tacos" and shaped like a Taco Bell taco.  Try to understand where I am coming from - I have been traumatized by some terrible food here in the city and/or puzzled about things like putting cheddar and lettuce in a taco.

Their tacos are actually very good and huge, so you get filled up.  The meat reminded me a lot of tacos in California, and that's a good thing.  And no damned  lettuce and cheddar cheese.  My boyfriend got a chicken burrito that was the size of an adult cat and he said it was delicious.  I want to try their burritos next, though it will be a tall order to beat out a San Francisco burrito.

The service for take-out was a little slow, but I could see that there were a gazillion delivery orders they were getting ready before I came in.  The waitresses were nice and the interaction gave me the chance to use what little Spanish I have.

Oh, and they have champurrado.  FTW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Other posters say this place is inexpensive, though I think that's relative.  I'm used to paying (when I lived in Cali) 1-1.50 for a taco and under 6 for a burrito, and under 10 for a non-seafood plate.  This place, and all others in Philly that I know of cost far more than that.  I guess Mexican is more of a treat here, rather than the staple it is in Cali, hence it's something you get when you have extra money, not something to go out and eat everyday.  But I digress...
This place changed the meaning of the word 'authentic' for me.  In direct contrast to all the El Camino Reals and Los Caballitos of the city, this place feels intimate and family run.   By far my favorite Mexican food in the city.   El Jarocho's food is reason enough to make me want to live in south philly again.
I went here before I saw the Milwaukathon at Connie's Ric Rac. It's a pretty stripped down place, some booths, one single table and the kitchen. The place was really bustling when I came in. Kitchen people and the servers were flying around like nobodys business.

The menu contained a crapload of different dishes, a fair amount which I hadn't had before. I ended up ordering a cheese quesadilla and an al pastor and ham chemita with some horchata to wash it all down. They brought out some chips and two sauces for dipping.  One sauce was a creamy white/orange sauce with a nice chipotle flavor. It wasn't very hot. The other sauce was a really tasty orange red sauce that had a lot of smoky chipotle/somethin flavor to it. It was hard resisting finishing this off.

The quesadilla was pretty good. The tortilla was toasted just right and the cheese was pretty tasty. Garnishing it with some crumbled queso fresco was also a nice touch and complimented the quesadilla.  The chemita came out looking like an oversized torta.  The meat was really good. Lot's of spices and wonderful taste. The al pastor/ham combination seemed to work really well together too. On top of this there was the fresh cilantro and the avocado slices, as well as a tasty chipotle sauce. I nearly bit off my fingertips finishing this, it was so good.  I washed it down with a large glass of horchata. Large is always a subjective side. Usually places give you a medium sized glass half full of ice. This was a Big Gulp sized plastic contained full of horchata and ice. 

Service during the meal was pretty good. The waitress checked up on me but wasn't intrusive. I got my check. That's when I had a problem. It took forever to pay. Since they don't have a true cash register there is no place to go to in order to pay. So you are stuck paying the waitress. Which would be fine, except she passed me at least 3 times with cash in hand(The third time she started busing up two tables). I actually stood behind her and another lady while they bundled up a bunch of takeout orders. Finally they took my money and I was able to leave.

I really liked the food here. I'll be back at some point. I'll just try to avoid the peak times next visit.
Interesting little Mexican restaurant tucked away on Ellsworth Street, one block down from the Broad Street Diner.

First, I know these operators take pride in this place. Locals tell me they are often cleaning up outside.

I can say my tacos were tasty. And for nine bucks you get a BELLY-BUSTING amount of food.

(The taste/value ratio is good here.)

ADDITIONAL NOTES:

If you are a heavy person, don't count on being able to use the restroom. It's one of the smallest restaurant restrooms I've seen.

Watch the steps as you exit. It's a little tricky.

There's no parking lot. Your only option is street parking. OR go to Target and park in their garage (it might cost you?). Then walk a long block to get here.
10/10. Amazing authentic Mexican food! I'm from Mexico City and I'm always searching for the perfect tacos and this place comes pretty damn close. The seasoning they use it's authentic and everything tastes delicious! If you are not sure what to get because their menu is pretty big, just go for the tacos. Carne asada, campechano, pastor and lengua are my favorite.  The rice and beans are also delicious as well as their green and red authentic Mexican sauces. Oh and don't forget to have an original Mexican soda Jarritos or a refreshing agua fresca! Horchata it's my favorite. You won't be disappointed!!!  
I wish it was closer to city line avenue!
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!


That is really all I needed to type in my review of El Jarocho. They serve my favorite burrito in the city at a very affordable price. Not to mention that the queso dip alone that they serve with their complimentary chips and salsa keeps me craving a visit to El Jarocho. I have no idea what that dip is made out of, but I'm assuming that one of the ingredients is magic.
Ohhhh baby do I love El Jarocho. Te quiero un chingo, El J. My sweet novio and I frequent this place. I have a very hard time getting anything but the couple things I'll write about.

1.) Sopes. Best Sopes I've ever had. The servers always let me get three different kinds...I'll usually do chorizo, carnitas and carne asada. Deliciously mounted with beans, lettuce, tomatoes, crema, queso fresco and avocado. I always drizzle the tasty mayo chipotle sauce they have for chips as well. Just an awesome meal!

2.) Enchiladas Suizas. GET. THIS. NOW. Very generous portion of chicken enchiladas stuffed with Oaxaca cheese and drenched in salsa verde. Their salsa verde is fantastic, with a bit of a tang I haven't tasted anywhere else. Depending on the chef it can be mild to spicy. But always fantastic, and served with rice and beans.

3.) Carne asada served with cactus. Their cactus is always tasty! Sometimes the steak can be a little chewy though... :- /

4.) Whole fried tilapia. I only got this once, but holy cow. T'was huge, and really took my by surprise because the fish still had eyes and it was the first time I ever ate a fish that hadn't been prepared. But after my boyfriend showed me how to get the meat from around the fish's many teeny tiny bones, it was absolutely delicious and came served with a huge garden salad.

5.) One of my favorite places to get horchata...second only to Que Chula es Puebla in Fishtown.

The ladies that work there are very nice, and the prices are right. I've never left hungry or without a to-go box!
Wow, this place was great!!  I had the shrimp soup, rice and beans and the flan.  The soup was filled with delicious, large shrimp, swimming in a bucket of broth that was seasoned to perfection, with just the right amount of fresh cilantro and onions.  The portions were huge, my girlfriend ordered the Mexican mixed fajitas and was only able to eat one, needless to say those leftovers won't go to waste...At $40 including the tip this was one of the absolute best meals I had in a long time.  Beware, this place isn't for the snobby foodie, our server was nice as hell the one time we actually saw her...looked like she was busy, so I ordered our food and drinks at the counter and an hour or so later she brought the bill.   No worries, I wasn't in a rush and was very happy to be supporting a fabulous, authentic, local restaurant.
So I'm here from NYC came here to see my sister. We read loads of reviews & decided to come here instead of a place called "pistoles" anyway let me get to the point ...... It SUCKED!!!! 

Let me tell you how tasteless this place is & how the waitress lacked all communication skills. How can I order something I want if I can't even get through to her. She straight up told me I can't have shredded chicken on my rice when they have it in an enchilada form. 

The shrimp tacos taste like they're out of a can. Don't get! I advise DO NOT!! 

Steak tacos were bland , dry , lacked in flavor. Waste of calories! 

They gave us a complimentary chips and dip and the chips tasted like fried pitas. 

I can't believe this is considered "AUTHENTIC" if this authentic Mexican then I have been living a lie my whole life. 

Save yourself taste, calories , money , gas etc

The hot sauce they had on the table helped with taste tremendously but who goes to a restaurant to have a plate full of hot sauce. 

Wow what a disappointment !!!
A small place with only a few tables, but every time I go there seems to be one empty...  (Did I mention:Free Delivery!) amazing food and the prices aren't bloated. I personally only stop in for a quick order of tacos or a burrito, but they have a rather extensive menu with breakfast and dinner entrees as well. What makes them different from the masses of other South Philly taquerias is the sheer amount of wonderfully cooked pork/beef/etc they pile on. Like most good Mexican restaurants, you get your money's worth... Try their beef tongue tacos! Best Mexican in Philly!
I totally love this place! It's a small, authentic restaurant with really nice servers and owners. I got the Mexican style shrimp while my friends all got different burritos and we all loved it. It's affordable and the portions are definitely enough to fill you up, I had leftovers for lunch. I'd definitely recommend it to everyone!
"Who knew something this gross existed", said my wife when we left this place.  Cheapest, to the point of indelible,  ingredients carefully put together by two guys who have no idea what they are doing.  This place wouldn't reach more than one star at any price point.  At ~$14/ main dish the owner is laughing in your face.

At some point we were sure it was a joke and somebody was going to greet us outsite saying we were on a hidden camera.  Unfortunately that did not happen.  No doubt, the worse restaurant we visited since we moved to Philadelphia four years ago.
Oh my goodness. Places like El Jarocho make me wish that I'd paid better attention in my five years of taking Spanish just so that I could become best friends with the people who run this fine establishment and be around their delicious food all the time.

I've had El Jarocho all of three times, twice in the actual location and once with a mass order take-out. The actual location is rather small, so it's not great for large groups, but they do accept huge take-out orders over the phone. You just have to make sure you're speaking clearly and slowly and that you have your own system for sorting out all the orders afterwards. 

In my El Jarocho experiences, I have had the privilege of trying a cemita, a miscellaneous assortment of burritos, and the flan. Of the burritos I had, my favorite was the al pastor. Goodness gracious, so succulent that I wanted to become a broken record of "Que sabroso!"

One Sunday evening my friends and I were lucky enough to be sitting in the restaurant when a duo with a guitar and an accordion bust through the door and started serenading us. Not conducive at all for dinnertime conversation but we were able to request that they sing Happy Birthday (three weeks belated) to one of our friends who was present. That and the Univision telenovelas playing on the TVs mounted on the wall made me feel for a moment that maybe I didn't have to be Cindy after all, I really could be Ceci of 7th grade Spanish I.
This is probably the best Mexican-food joint I have tried in Philadelphia. The place sports double TVs with some quality Mexican TV. If you eat in, you are treated to some complimentary salsa, a delicious pink sauce, and some homemade chips. I'd call the pink sauce queso if I thought it was made out of cheese, but I really have no clue what it is (besides delicious). You could literally sit there and just get full off of the free stuff. It's probably worth the visit just for these and then taking your food to go.

I've been here several times and everything has been spectacular. I've tried a chimichanga, a burrito, two of their tamales, a torta, and their tacos. My personal favorite are the burritos with al pastor. The food is fresh, the portions are large, and everything tastes authentic. My usual test for authenticity is ordering horchata and actually getting one (because it is not on the menu). Just try the free chips and you'll taste that delicious authenticity with every crunch and dip.

Coming from Southern California and having experienced all manner of cheap, quality Mexican food, I have to say that El Jarocho is among the very best. If it were located closer to me, I would eat there a couple times a week. For those who are curious, they even have a good Mexican soda selection, as well as imported sodas from Mexico (ie. Coke in a glass bottle made with real cane sugar).

-C
This place is fantastic.

I am from Texas and have eaten in many authentic taco places and this place is definitely makes it in the top 5%.

Recently moving to the area, I couldn't stop thinking about this place and believe I went back 2 more times that month.
There al pastor and cow tongue( there's a nice mexican name to it that I can't remember) tacos are delishhh!
And man, they are pretty generous with the tacos. I'm a hungry boy that eats quite a lot but 3 tacos keeps me satisfied and content.

I haven't had a good taco in Philly in my 5 years, but glad that I finally found it thanks to my friend! El Jaracho gets a thumbs up in my book for the tacos.

ps. the ambiance could use a little work.
I went to El Jarocho today with a friend.  The restaurant is convenient enough to get to... just get off the subway at the Ellsworth-Federal stop and walk a block or so.

I ordered a burrito al pastor and a jamaica from this corner restaurant.  I didn't see the jamaica on the menu, but I asked for it and was pleasantly surprised to hear a no problem.  It's a favorite of mine... and unfortunately not a lot of Mexican restaurants in the city make this delicious iced hibiscus tea drink -- but El Jarocho has it.  I'll come back for that!

The waitress wasn't that interested in being quick in bringing the drinks, but not problem I guess.  My friend was a bit annoyed.  Actually, the food was made and arrived quicker than the drinks arrived.

The burrito al pastor was delicious, though.  The pork pieces were hefty enough--  plump and juicy.  Plus, I'm always happy to taste actual chunks of pineapple in al pastor dishes in this city.  However, I feel $8 is a bit pricey for the burrito I received.

I will most certainly come back though when I'm in the area.
DO NOT EAT AT THIS DIRTY PLACE!  I just watched the chef sneeze into his hand then wipe it all over his shirt, the start making my food. After I said something to the manager, they told me he washed his hands witch was a complete LIE, because u saw everything. I walked out in disbelief because ive never been so discusted with a restaurant before.  BEWARE!!!!!
This place is SOOO good!  I'd been hearing good things about this place for awhile, and just now got around to a visit.  Myself and a friend ordered an entree to share, and then asked the waitress to recommend a second.  She recommended the nachos.  I wasn't expecting much because (really) what can you do with nachos?  They were the most amazing things I've ever eaten!  We got them 1/2 topped with sausage and 1/2 with steak.  

That plus another dish would probably be enough to feed us for several days.  Though our plethora of food only cost us $20, we could have easily split the nachos and walked out of there with a bill of $9.

The only downside was that the service was a little slow.  However, this was made up for by the owner's daughter who insisted on sitting at our table and speaking to us in Spanish (which neither of us understand).  Too cute!
If I actually lived around here it would be hard for any other place in the area to get another dime of mine! That's what El Jarocho is about poppin tacos and taking names. But really, I don't think they have tres leches cake. If anything, that would be my reason to go back to Veracruzana.
I was all set to write a review saying how the burritos were huge and fairly alright, but then I found a piece of plastic in mine. 

Then I was going to just take off one of the 3 stars I was going to give it because let's face it, these things happen but here I am, the next day, feeling nauseous and like death, and I can only blame that burrito from El Jarocho because it was the only food I put in my body yesterday. 

Good thing I was already partial to El Maguey, because I am definitely never going back here again.
Came on a Saturday night and the service was nonexistent. 
The food was just okay. A lot of pre-made junk Mexican food thrown together and/or microwaved.
I had the chicken enchilada, which was just bland chicken wrapped in a tortilla with some sauce and cheese on top. I've had way better.
Be prepared to hang out awkwardly for a while unsure where to sit, then unsure if you will ever order. Other tables were equally annoyed. Tables seated after us ordered and got food before us. Didn't even get our order right. I brought alcohol and never got the glasses we asked for so we couldn't drink.
They were completely understaffed, overwhelmed, and incapable.
With so many Mexican restaurants around, I will Never be back.
Most legit Mexican food I've had in Philly. You can't beat $2 tacos! I tried the chicken, steak, and carnitas - all equally good and filling. The meat portions were generous, served on corn tortillas with onions and cilantro, like straight off the taco truck.

My husband had the chipotle style shrimp and it was crazy spicy, so beware. El Jarocho's food definitely has kick and I can't wait to try more!
Caitlin C. and I have been at each others' throats about La Lupe, which is a two star restaurant---and that's a fact, don't even think about arguing. But I think we've found common ground in El Jarocho. 

El Jarocho, unlike La Lupe, serves (pretty consistently) delicious REAL Mexican cuisine, all with real Mexican hospitality---which, for your information, is some of the best in the world. 

Last time I was in there, I had a plate of enchiladas suizas, topped with fresh, tangy queso oaxaca. It was better than VIPS, the Mexico City chain restaurant where I've consumed at least a hundred plates of said Mexican classic.

At lunch, it can get a little busy, even overwhelming, for the single server, but she still manages to treat everyone like they were the only customers. 

Tip of the day: Culturally, when Mexicans eat out, it's a much longer event than perpetually hurried Americans are used to. That's why, as you'll see at El Jarocho, the wait person usually won't bring your check until you ask for it---they don't want you to feel like you're being rushed along.
jeez, this place is GREAT!!! I ordered the bisteck encebollado. Thin cut steak served with grilled onions on top, pico de gallo, guacamole, beans and rice. So good, so much flavor. They start you off with house fried tortilla chips served with salsa verde and a creamy chipotle. I would order a tub of the creamy chipotle if I could..FYI I hate chipotle flavor but this stuff is addictive O_O
A fruit punch jarritos to drink, brings back memories. I can't wait to eat my way through the menu :)
I was pretty sad I had ridden all the way to South Philly from the comforts of my Rittenhouse apartment on a chilly November night to play a kickball game that was canceled at the last minute.

Enter: El Jarocho to brigthen my mood.  It's a stone's throw from the kickball field and decided it was worth a try since I was already there (and hungry).  Even if I wasn't hungry, the food was delish.  I ordered the tacos and had the grilled steak, chicken, and seasoned pork.  A squirt of lime and a dab of hot sauce later, and my mood was lifted.  

Thank you El Jarocho, I would probably venture back to you even when I don't have a kickball game!
I don't know if you realize this: but I love Philly's food scene and have had it all.

This is serious, AUTHENTIC (no Taco Bell lovers) Mexican food. It is the best in the city (one taste step above La Lupe).

Small location, a staff that hardly speaks English (that's when you know you've found a real authentic place) and customers who hardly speak English.

I can tell you whats on the menu and I can tell you what I order, but you won't be convinced unless you go for yourself. Let me know if I'm wrong.

Okay, okay. .  . order the carne asada with extra guacamole.
My dining companion brought home some tacos from El Jarocho for dinner the other night.  There were really good, but they definitely needed the flavor sauces and some lime to liven them up a bit.  If I ever venture to South Philly again, I will definitely go in person.
This place is the cats pajamas! We  ordered delivery 2 times this weekend and are officially super fans of this place. The guacamole, chips, burritos all are amazing!!  I highly suggest getting anything with steak. Is that cream sauce from the heavens? It is AMAZING. 

Order from here - you will not be mistaken.
This used to be the go-to weekend late lunch spot for me and my friend who lives around the corner from here. She still goes, but i can't bring myself to. 

The thing is, i'm giving the place 4 stars because the food is delicious. I have loved everything i ever tried and i really like the different sauces you get with your chips when you eat in. If you have a favorite, they will bring some out to you if they have it in the back. The service is fine. But, like someone else pointed out, for some reason it takes forever to get your water refilled. Dont know what thats all about.

Now, the reason i dont go to El Jarocho anymore is this: 

After sampling a good swath of the menu, i tried the El Jarocho sandwich (torta) and immediately fell in love. This sandwich had everything: ham, a fried piece of fish, avocado, tomato, cheese, some sort of spread. I dont even know the rest but there were several more ingredients involved and it was HEAVENLY.

The something tragic happened. They CHANGED THE BREAD! The bread used to be crusty and chewy, kind of like untoasted panini bread or something. The new rolls were fluffy, cakey, and completely overwhelmed the ingredients in the sandwich. After the bread changed, i still got the sandwich three more times. Three times i choked down the dry, sad version of a sandwich that used to be sheer perfection before i gave up entirely. After being separated from my favorite torta i couldnt go back to the other menu items, so i have opted not to return.

So go go go! Try El Jarocho. Just stay away from the sandwiches unless spongy, dry, tasteless bread is your thing.
El Jarocho is another awesome Mexican joint in Philadelphia to add to my list. I came here back to back for lunch this week, a rare occurrence in my life. Here you will find two big flat screens on a local mexican TV channel with the customer demographic consisting mainly Mexicans, a wall decorated with Catholic tribute (?) to Mother Mary, a counter full of Jarritos bottles. As i looked around, I felt like I came to the right place.

I ordered a bunch of tacos both times, different kinds. You can get three tacos for 7.50. It's not the cheapest but each tacos come with a generous amount of meat in them, so it's actually not a bad deal. My favorite is their Tripa tacos. It's tender, juicy, nicely flavored. Next favorites are Al Pastor and Chorizo. Don't get the chicken taco. The first day I got it because the server made a mistake of giving me chicken for Tripa. (I made sure I got it the 2nd day). Each taco comes *very* hot off the griddle. Try to hold off the temptation to bite the sh*t out of the delicious tacos. I didn't and I burned my tongue pretty badly.
Very disrespectful. They gave us a wrong delivery order disputed it and claimed we lied to get free food. Ashamed because I live on the block and ate here regularly. Sorry to say you've lost my business. P.S.I speak Spanish and can understand your insults loud and clear. 

Horrible customer service. Avoid at all costs!!!
We love their food, often do take out or delivery.
We usualy get the Fajita Mixtas which are very tasty we order Pico de Gallo often.
Fast delivery
Horrah! EXCELLENT AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD.

Does ANYTHING ELSE even matter???

I have been here at least 3 times. The food is the best mexican food in Philadelphia (that I've had so far) and is authentic mexican food that you would find IN Mexico/ South America. 

Inside everything is authentic Mexican as well. The decor, the tv stations, the music, the spanish menus, etc. 

The place is small and doesn't have a ton of room but doesn't matter, the tables are still spaced far enough apart.

This place is fast, affordable, and has delicious, authentic food that is not easy to find in Philly. If you're not one for crazy authentic mexican food and dishes that you haven't heard of before, just stick to the tacos. These are well made, simple and taste great. They have a good set of homemade sauces and spices that you can supplement your food with that isn't just run of the mill hot sauce or even salsa. They have pretty generous portions too so you'll always leave this place full.

The only thing I disliked about this place is that the delivery guy complained right at the door about his tip and kept telling me how far he had to come and that it was cold. I tipped the standard amount and I don't appreciate that at all. That's not going to convince me to suddenly grab my wallet and just take everything I have in there and give you more money, it's going to convince me to not order delivery from you ever again. They also don't take credit cards for delivery.  

Will come back here often and recommend it to anyone who likes real mexican food. If you live close by then get delivery. If you live far away, you're better off coming in. (Kind of the opposite idea here but that's what the delivery boy taught me.)
I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but I do enjoy a good taco. In my admittedly limited opinion, El Jarocho has the best in the City. Their steak tacos are excellent, forcing me to make a weekly trek down there despite the fact that I live in University City. I've tried the Mexican Burrito once, and while it was ok, I just can't help ordering the steak tacos with a Mexican Coke and flan for desert every time. Aside from that, the chips with the pinkish/orange dip is a great combination. Another positive: the place is BYOB, so you can come in with a six pack of Modelo Especial or a bottle of Cuervo if you so desire. 

On the downside, they have one waitress who doesn't speak English especially well and tends to mess up my order slightly (I always get my steak tacos without onions). Now that I know what a "cebolla" is I don't think that will be a problem anymore.
OMG.

This is one of the BEST Mexican meals I have ever had. No joke. I am literally wishing I was back at this place right now.

Seemed to be super authentic but most definitely insanely tasty.

I ordered the breakfast special (number 1) and really enjoyed my meal. Would have to say it was the best brunch I have had in a very long time.

Can't wait to come back here the next time I am in Philly!
This is my favorite taqueria in Philly.  I used to live a few blocks from El Jarocho (and a few others).  They all serve more or less the same dishes and have similar atmospheres, but I prefer El Jarocho.  The chicken tacos are my favorite (3 for $6), washed down with a limon Jarritos.  

I often take guests from out of town to El Jarocho and they all love it, usually mentioning their tacos even weeks later.  Recently, I took a friend from Germany to El Jarocho and she absolutely loved it.  I'm sure she'll have flashbacks of El Jarocho's football-sized burrito the next time she hits a German Mexican restaurant!
I am pretty sure this is the best burrito in South Philadelphia. Now I haven't been to every single taqueria in the neighborhood, but I can't imagine how something could possibly taste better than the enormous vegetarian burrito I just ate in its entirety.

My fiance' had the beef burrito which he enjoyed, plus he ordered a quesadilla (I had a bite and it was very good!) and we got chips and guacamole. As a nice surprise, our order came with about 6 different little containers of sauces and salsas, each more delicious than the next.

We have a new addition to our Takeout Thursday rotation!!!
I was surprised at how personal the experience was here. We got tacos al pastor and pozole, both of which were great. Definitely recommend this restaurant. 
*authentic al pastor (rotisserie cooked) are in mexico and miraculously in Los Angeles at certain times.
I feel horrible to knock a star off as this was my favorite hole in the wall mexican place ever, but we brought friends here to show them the awesomeness and it was a lot less awesome :-/. 

Our guess was it was a different chef because it was just a completely different experience. I got the same enchiladas I had gotten the first time because it was insanely good and this time they were just so mediocre. sauce wasn't as developed, cheese not as plentiful, and chicken was no where near as spiced or tender. Our friends all got burritos and none of them were impressed. There was very little meat in some of them. ingredients were very unevenly distributed and the plate was boring with a non-crisped pale tortilla baby plopped on a plate. Our server was pretty bad and yeah, it was just not the same at all. 

I pray to the burrito gods they have the chef we got the first time still, and that if we come back and try other things, it will be the happy little enchilada it once was.
their delivery is fast, their food is consistent and yummy. honestly, i haven't tried that many things on the menu, but what i have tried was great. my coworkers and i have ordered from here twice a week for three years now so they must be doing something right!
When I moved to Bella Vista, my new roommates raved about this Mexican place nearby. Although I had loyalties to Taqueria Veracruzana, one evening I decided to check out El Jarocho for a change.

It's not a very large place, maybe seating for 20 max, so if you're with a large group you should prob call ahead. But it's welcoming, with kitschy Mexican/southwest decor. The two TVs are usually blaring Mexican shows, often soccer games, for a nice change of pace (unless that's what you usually watch, i guess).

Service is friendly, although it might be a little slow if they're swamped during the dinner rush. I don't usually mind, because I'm chomping on the complimentary freshly-made corn chips with salsa and this amazing creamy pink sauce. Brilliant.

Food is decently priced, with burritos in the $8-9 range. My favorite is the house specialty, Jarocho Burrito, packed with large shrimp in a spicy sauce. Also good is the Azteca, with pork and tasty nopales (sliced cactus). They're in pretty sizable portions, enough to save for later unless you've really got an appetite. I've been meaning to try the specialty dishes, but I'm way too into the burritos.

Other pluses are that they're BYOB, they take credit cards, and they deliver (including that mysteriously addictive pink sauce). Move over, Veracruzana, I've got another favorite.
El Jarocho reminds me of home cooking I grew up on. When I get homesick, I order a side of beans and rice and some new menu item or make the short trip from Center City over 13th and Ellsworth. I've brought so many people to the restaurant and have ordered take out from them so many times that the delivery man, Orlando, recognizes my voice.

My most ordered menu item: torta de milanesa de res. I adore tortas. Call me simple, but they're one of my favorite foods, mostly for nostalgic reasons. Their tacos are delicious too. El Jarocho's al pastor rivals some of the al pastor I've had back at home in LA and they're always willing to add extra pineapple to my order of tacos. I personally enjoy that their tacos come with a side of spicy sauteed cactus but I have had them be a little too overcooked and salty.

Their takeout is always quick and fresh, but as a native Spanish speaker, I have had a little difficulty ordering. I've given my address in both English and Spanish only to receive a call a little later asking me to repeat where I want my food delivered. Nothing too bothersome but something to look out for if you're not a Spanish speaker. 

Eating in is pretty nice too. It's a BYOB, not in the sense that you can bring in tequila and expect them to bring out margarita glasses and a pitcher of mixers, but you can bring in a cooler of beer. 

I usually skip bringing booze in because they have a pretty great selection of glass bottle Mexican sodas - especially my beloved Sangria and Mexican Squirt. They also serve horchata but unfortunately it's one of those pre-mixed dispensed ones, like the ones found at little Mexican mall joints in the Valley, versus the giant glass barrels filled with fresh made horchata. I don't think they serve agua frescas however they do make their own squeezed juices. 

Long story short, this place is amazing. Don't expect anything fancy but the food and people are what keep you coming back. The place is clean but on the small side but they're accommodating to groups for up to 6 people.
I'm pretty lazy. Sometimes I am lazy and hungry. Other times I am lazy and really hungry and kinda broke. In these cases I am so glad I live around the corner from this fast and fantastic Mexican restaurant. 

I question even calling it a restaurant because I think it has about 4 tables and I have never eaten there, but I am going to go ahead and call it one because there ALWAYS seems to be at least one person eating there... good sign. The bad side is that the diners are always white people in their mid-twenties to mid-thirties, which I find suspicious even though I am aware that I do fit into this category.  Well do not fret!! This place is still legit.

The chicken burritos are so plentiful and delicious that I rarely get anything else but I have been told by many people that the rest of their menu is stellar as well. Just another reason to be lazy and not cook I guess. At this place it might actually be cheaper to do that anyway.
Ordered the burritos el pastor and the steak with fried onions which came with rice and beans. Both were excellent and the pricing is very reasonable. El Jarocho will become my new go to for Mexican in the city!
El Jarocho is exactly what I need in a taco place! I will never turn down free chips and salsa, and it's a great way to start off. For those who are more mild salsa fans, the complimentary salsa does have quite a kick. 

The service was very friendly and quick! For having such an elaborate menu, I was impressed with how quickly our food was delivered to our table. I went for the steak tacos, and was delighted. The portions were generous, and the tacos were hefty! With three per order, it was a solid meal for under $10. 

There is a limited amount of seating - so this would not be the place for groups larger than 6, especially during the dinner rush. I will definitely be returning whether for dine-in or takeout - I'm happy to know of this quality Mexican food establishment!
Update: the food is still good but the service is poor. I ordered steak nachos with guacamole and an al pastor burrito. It was clear that there was a lapse in communication because I had to repeat myself multiple times before the woman on the phone could repeat the order back to me correctly.

When the order arrived, I saw that they did not include the guacamole that I had paid for. When I called to ask them to bring it over, she told me that it would cost an additional $3.48, because nacho guacamole only cost $3, but a separate order of guacamole cost $6.48. After a frustrating conversation while the food got cold, the woman on the phone conceded that she would send over "a little guacamole for free" (that we had already paid for). Forty minutes later, after we were done eating, the guacamole arrived.

Good food, bad service.
I'd probably give my first try of El Jarocho a 3.5/5. Maybe I'll bump it up to a 4 after I try some other dishes. First off, the service is pretty bad. This seems to be a common trend in Mexican restaurants. It's a very small place, and they only had 2 people serving and cleaning and 2 other people cooking. You have to be a bit aggressive to even grab a table. There are a lot of people either coming in to order or pick up takeout or calling for takeout on the phone, so it's a bit hectic. 

They give you chips and salsa, which is very nice, but they don't fill the bowl. I don't really get that. The salsa and whatever that queso blanco(?) dip is are both very good. The chips are a bit dry and lacking salt. They didn't come by to refill my bowl when I finished the approximately 15 chips in there.

I ordered al pastor tacos and beef milanese. They were out of the weekend special barbacoa and this wasn't that late on Friday night. It took a while for me to get my food, which I hope means everything was made fresh.

The tacos are slightly expensive for 3, but they are relatively large. I enjoyed the al pastor, but found it a bit crispier than some other places where it was a bit softer and easier to eat. Still, the flavors were very good. I appreciated that the tacos came with a little bit of nopales and onion.

The milanese was a fair price and came with pico, rice and beans. My biggest complaint was that they clearly overcooked the beef. It was edible, but far crispier than it should've been. I didn't want to complain, because I knew how long it would take to get a replacement. I would not get this again.

For just over $30, I had enough food leftover for a pretty big lunch, so I can't complain about price much.

A+ for Jarritos mandarin.
El Jarocho's food is authentic and good! 

This little neighborhood spot is only has about 5 tables, so I tend to order take out most of the time. The food is fresh, and the wait is never long. The people are always nice and helpful. One time, my friend wanted fish tacos, but could not find it anywhere on the menu, but they were willing to accommodate her order. 

Best thing on the menu is probably their tacos! However, I feel like their prices are higher compared to the other local Mexican establishments. While, I do like this place and will eat here on occasion, I do like other locations much more than El Jarocho.
Is this place off the beaten path -- YES!
Is this place worth the trip down Broad Street -- YES!

I was a little nervous to travel such a far distance away from my humble abode, but I am glad that I did.

I went with the El Jarocho burrito, and I am glad that I did! 

Great Guacamole and ... Did I mention that they deliver????

Worth the effort to go down to El Jarocho to visit... And they are SO NICE!!!
Stopped here on Saturday while I was on a bike ride called the tour de taco. 20 miles, 10 taco stops. This was stop 3. I took the strategy of one at each stop which was pretty ambitious. I ordered the chicken stuffed jalapeño taco here and it was definitely the right choice.

It may have been one of the largest jalapeños I've ever seen and it was packed full of shredded chicken. After the jalapeño was stuffed, it was then battered and fried. The heat wasn't overpowering, and the flavor was amazing. It was very juicy, definitely worthy of a few napkins, and the salsa on top really gave it another kick. Double layer tacos are the only way to go. 

Best news ever is my new house is three blocks from here. I see a lot of tacos in my future.
El Jarocho is a little neighborhood Mexican restaurant that my boyfriend is obsessed with. If you eat in they give you a basket of perfectly cooked tortilla chips with 2 yummy sauces- a green salsa and a spicy creamy sauce. I'm not exactly sure what the creamy sauce had in it but it was addicting!  

For my entree I got the Burrito jarocho that comes with spicy shrimp, lettuce, pico, rice, beans, cheese and sour cream. It wasn't the best  burrito I've ever had, but it definitely hit the spot. I was expecting the spicy shrimp to be well spicy, however, I found the dish had very little heat. Overall I enjoyed eating it mostly cause it's hard not to love a burrito, ya know? 

If you live close and need a quick, tasty meal, this is a great place. But if you're looking for blow you away Mexican, I wouldn't go out of your way to come here.
Maaaannnn... the chorizo quesadillas are probably the most comfortable of comfort foods. They're like tacos wearing a robe and slippers. And the horchata... ay dios frio! 

PRO-TIP: The large horchata is $4, but if you're getting a big plate or the quesadillas like I implore you to then it'll work wonders in helping digest your food. It's a chilled sweetened vanilla cinnamon rice milk. It'll take some of the bite out of your heartburn and some of the party out of the crema. Otherwise, I usually BYO something in the gulp family from 7/11.
Being from Los Angeles, the hardest part of moving to Philly is having your mexican food choices severely decimated. I tried a couple walk-in places that were barely edible, and some fancy places that were too expensive, so I looked to Yelp to let me know the best places for street mexican food around these parts. And I was led to El Jarocho. I never had a mexican restaurant deliver before so that was a good culture shock. The food was pretty decent: The meat, especially the carnitas and the chicken, were better quality than I'm used to and the rice and beans were cooked well. But of course it lacks the extra flavor of the LA joints I used to frequent. I can't describe what makes LA mexican food better, maybe it's the floor spice or the barely cleaned grill. Anyway, El Jarocho is a sufficient substitute until I visit California again.
If you're looking for no frills, authentic Mexican, this is the spot for you. Customer service is not much, but the food makes up for it.

They always pair their complimentary house tortilla chips with two sauces, a salsa and a Mayo-based one. These were so delicious that it filled me up before our entrees even came out! We tried out their specials: costillas de res enchipotladas y nopales (short ribs with chipotle sauce and cactus) and chicken mole. The short ribs were tender, melt-in-your-mouth pieces of heaven. A little fatty, but super tasty. The mole was a bit disappointing. It was overly (almost gnawingly) sweet and lacked spice - a bit of habanero sauce helped but just barely. These were slightly pricier than most other items on the menu, but the portions were huge! 

Will definitely be back again to sample their burritos, tacos, and tortas!
I usually don't review places after only one visit, especially if I only get take-out like I did from El Jarocho, but I feel like after my experience it can only get better.

When it comes to Mexican restaurants, in my experience, there are two categories. The first contains Baja Fresh, Qdoba, and is basically just mediocre stuff covered in cheese and wrapped in a tortilla and called Mexican food. The second is the insanely delicious and often very spicy, intricate dishes served in a place where the waiters don't speak the best English and there's a TV playing a concert of some Tejano group. El Jarocho definitely falls into the second group and that is why I love it.

I actually discovered this place through Yelp, by searching restaurants in the $ price range (these days, that's really all I require from a restaurant). After reading the reviews my decision was obvious. I only got to actually be in El Jarocho for a short while because I was seeing a movie soon, but that time just built the anticipation so high. There was a group of people eating and their food looked and smelled great. I ordered some mixed fajitas and as the cooking started the smells became intoxicating and overpowering. I was a little confused by the menu, as it seemed to be split into breakfast, lunch, dinner, and weekend specials, but there was tasty looking dinner stuff in the lunch and breakfast section and I ordered a "weekend special" on a thursday without a problem, so I don't really know how strictly they stick to that... if at all.

So I had to eat my food in a moving car (don't worry, I wasn't driving it) but that didn't lessen my experience any. I was transported from that car into Mexican food heaven. Every bite was delicious and the rice, meat, beans, and veggies all worked in beautiful harmony but each flavor was still distinct. I only wish they provided more beans because I loved them. That being said, they did give a LOT of food. I was a little surprised by the price, considering my meal was I think $14, but it also lasted me for dinner that day, lunch the next, and I think I still have some leftover.

After eating, I just couldn't get my mind off these fajitas. The next day all I wanted to do was tell people how good they were. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu.
Definitely the best mexican in the city...and I eat a lot of mexican food.  A LOT.    

The burrito jarocho with the spicy shrimp is my favorite, but all the burritos are great.  Several salsas to choose from, all are delicious...the guacamole is awesome.  

It is the only place I've ever been to that gives you more guac than chips when you get takeout.  That says something right there.  

Delivery is always quick as well.

Do yourself a favor, go here.
I used to think Veracruzana was the be-all end-all of taquerias in South Philly. I quickly flushed all preconceived notions of whatever taste I thought I had down the toilet. Although I really haven't been to many taquerias in the area- I tend to go to the closest to my house- I will say El Jarocho is the best I have had. The menu is pretty typical- sopes, 3 tacos platter, burritos, etc. all of which maintain their fame.

I recently went for breakfast/brunch/WHATEVER and was sad to find I had been missing yet another gem from this corner restaurant from heaven. I had the huevos racheros which was a (contrary to my imagination/white person brunch) spicy, soupy tomato sauce with some refried beans, and two fried eggs sprinkled with cheese- it was quite delicious.
Come hungry to this place! Very hungry!

My fiance and I decided that Mexican food was the best choice for our lunch to wrap up the weekend and found this gem on yelp. The portions are HUGE and the service was great. The Mexican sausage was incredible and the grilled chicken was delicious. I ate just the chicken on it's own and it was succulent and perfectly seasoned. Then of course I tried it with the complimentary chipotle cream sauce and garlicy salsa that they place on the table with chips pretty much as soon as you sit down. It's awesome. That's all I can say.
All I wanted to say is that this place is the bomb.com. My go to is always the Al Pastor, delicious and inexpensive. Yelp wants me to type more than I need to.  So...
This place is a must try
Al pastor is muy delicioso

Hope thats enough Yelp!
One of my greatest regret amidst the pandemic is not ordering more here, my heart sunk when the phone line went to voicemail when I tried ordering to support one of my beloved local business! I have not found a better taco place for their carne asade, and burritos on the east coast (theres probablyyyy one other comparable competitor who can put up a fight on the west coast). Meat is magically seasoned, juicy and succulent while perfectly paired with their housemade avocado lime like sauce topped with fresh garnish! This is a prized gem in philly and a favorite to many! my heart and needy stomach is with you through this pandemic - please fight through this and I'm looking to many more meals here once this is over! Much love and support for you all!
Came here on a late Saturday night and it was pretty lively, but not packed at all. we were visiting from NY and staying a few blocks away, and saw that this local Mexican spot had great reviews, so we decided to check it out! both me and my bf ordered the 3 tacos set; i had  the chicken and steak tacos, whereas my bf had the more adventurous beef head, tongue, and tripe. i enjoyed my steak taco a lot, but the chicken tacos left a little to be desired... just a tad bland but i still enjoyed it. i took a bite of the beef head and it was tender and juicy! we also ordered a side of guac (because, duh) and they did it right. perfect texture and a small kick of spiciness.

The best part about this place is that they serve the mexican juice Boing! i LOVE these juices and the mango flavored one is sooo good. i wanted to try the flan but we were so full by the end of our meal that we decided not to. 

One gripe about this place is that the menu prices are not up to date. we were surprised to see everything we ordered was $1-$2 more on the bill (ex, tacos were advertised at $9, but we were charged $11). please update your menus!
Best Mexican spot I've been to here in Philly. They take credit card, which is also a huge plus. Not sure I understand why it has gotten dinged on service; everyone we met there was nice and speedy. 

Small neighborhood restaurant with a couple of tables inside for dine-in. If you dine-in, you get some chips and salsa plus some sort of spicy mayo sauce. The real highlight here for me was the carne asada. I'm not sure what kind of marinade they use, but it's salty, citrusy, and garlicy. So good. Tacos are also really huge and a meal within themselves for $9.00. Huge menu, so there is something to please everyone.
A wise man once told me, "Lettuce don't belong in a f*cking burrito." And that's probably the biggest reason why El Jarocho will always have a nod over its older and more popular rival, La Veracruzana.
Ordered delivery via Eat24. I would have given 5 stars but delivery took a little longer than promised and food was a little cold. Otherwise, everything was absolutely delicious! We ordered chicken nachos, tacos al pastor and a combo with chicken enchilada and crispy taco. Everything was flavorful, moist and very good! Can't wait to order again!
I love a good burrito. What I love even more is a good Al Pastor burrito, which usually consists of spice marinated pork, bits of pineapple, cilantro, & onions wrapped in a warm, soft flour tortilla. The best Al Pastor I've had in Philly so far was at Taco Riendo which, even though is closer to my house than this place, could use a little friendly competition, therefore I decided to give El Jarocho a try. 

The restaurant is small with seating for only about 15-20 people. Service was really slow for a Friday night and the server wasn't too informative regarding my couple of questions about the food. The complimentary chips and salsa were good, especially the white sauce (which I've never seen served with tortilla chips before).

My Al Pastor finally arrived and it was HUGE! I couldn't pick it up without everything inside falling out so I cut it into smaller sections and ate about half of the entire burrito. Seasoning of the pork was decent and wasn't too chewy. However, there wasn't enough sweetness from the pineapple and tang from the onions and cilantro. Place is a great bargain for all you get and 

Needless to say I'm still a Taco Riendo fan :-/
Best tacos and Mexican food in America! Great service! Horchata is spectacular as well!
Here's the thing about El Jarocho.  Their nachos are DELICIOUS.  AND technically they deliver to my house.  And take cards.  So, the problem, you ask?

They don't speak any English.  Which is fine if you're in the restaurant.  But try communicating that you want some goddamned carne asada nachos WITH guacamole delivered to your house over the phone.  You get passed around and around, and depending on the night, told that you need to order more food.  It's rough.  Especially when you hang up in disgust, and then they start calling you to finish your order.  

I would try the hell out of their tacos, and if you can get their nachos delivered, they're far beyond adequate.  I've just given up on their sexy-mexy delivery possibilities.
I would rate it zero, but you have to select at least one star.  This place looked promising according to the Yelp reviews, and maybe the food is good - but I can't comment on that since I never received my food.  I ordered delivery and after an hour went by, I called to check on the status and basically was told they forgot and it was just sitting there.  Then after some muffled discussion in the background, I was told  they would leave now, however when I inquired how long the food had been sitting and if it was still warm, the woman on the phone curtly replied "I don't know".  

Now is that the kind of response you give someone who waited over an hour for food you forgot to deliver?  I don't think so.  She then asked if I wanted the food or not, and hung up on me when I said no.  I called back for a manager, and she told me "no, no" and hung up on me.

I refuse to give business to a place who would treat a customer this way.  Probably the worst delivery experience ever, and now I'm angry and straving.
Although I didn't get my usual California Mexican fare (carne asada something), I can pretty close-- bistec encebollado (beef steak with onions) with a side of nopales (cactus). The bistec was a little salty, and I prefer my nopales raw, rather than grilled (which was still very good). 

My fiance got some plate that was sort of like mine but had chorizo. I think I liked his better. =(

Any restaurant you can spot a few paces from the train station because of the gaudy neon lights is awesome.
Overall, the food wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad. I would go to this place as a second choice mostly. It was above average and the best part of this place was the chips. They felt homemade and were insanely crispy accompanied by really flavorful sauce! 

I would definitely recommend this place if it's nearby but otherwise I would go to to Los Gallos.
I do not give yelp reviews. Ever. But I am pretty sure El Jarocho is my favorite (Mexican) restaurant in all of Philadelphia. Prices are fair, delivery is fast (and free!). I order at least once a week- usually the shrimp burrito, nachos, and/or al pastor tacos. All are amazing, and I am always pleasantly surprised when the nachos aren't soggy upon delivery!! I am also pretty sure I'd bath in whatever that pink sauce is if I could. Tonight I made the mistake of visiting another authentic Mexican restaurant (won't name names) with equally amazing yelp reviews and it doesn't even come close to the tastiness that is El Jarocho. I am a lifetime customer!!!
This used to be my place to go for Mexican food delivery!

Large portions of guacamole, flavorful carne asada, and juicy al pastor. So why am I giving them 3 stars? Because they have been increasing their prices almost every time I order! It started with $6 for tacos, and eventually bumped to $9, but nowhere was this noted in any of their new menus. To order 3 tacos and guac is now $18, which is pretty pricey for a joint like this, if you ask me.

Nonetheless, if you're willing to dish out the money, this place has some authentic mexican food that is worth trying.
Absolutely delicious Mexican food. I loved their tacos, anything with steak and burritos. It's a neighborhood gem and it immediately made it to my top place for Mexican food since I first stepped in. There is actual FLAVOR in the food that I didn't have to add extra hot sauce to make up for it! I highly encourage you to give this place a try!
After a desperate, drawn-out attempt to figure out where to eat dinner last night, we decided on El Jarocho. What a delight.

This is the kind of Mexican food I've been looking for for a while - cheap, delicious, and fast. While the blended margaritas at Cantina are tasty, the prices are steep for what you get (not that the food is bad there, unless you get something with that red sauce on it), and it seems a little too yuppyish to be authentic. El Jarocho is the opposite.

We ordered a vegetarian burrito and cheese enchiladas and a few scant moments later our food arrived. My enchiladas are delicious - three little bundles of joy, stuffed with cheese in a pool of green sauce between beans and rice. My boyfriend's vegetarian burrito was massive and looked fresh and tasty. Bonus points for the 20oz. sodas, too.

From my seat I had a wonderful view of a street person leaning against the mailbox outside, chewing on leftover ribs and/or chicken wings out of a styrofoam container, whipping the bones into the street, and sweatin' out the beautiful afternoon before riding off to find more windshields to clean. We nicknamed him Rib Tips. 

I will definitely return to El Jarocho, if not for the view, then for the fast service, delicious food, and Mexican westerns on the flat screen.
Everything you dreamed a Mexican restaurant could be!

As I walked into El Jarocho, hungry enough to eat a pig, I knew I was going to be in for a treat. The inside was just the right size to make it inviting and the bustling kitchen is visible from anywhere in the room.  A big family of locals, it looked like, was just finishing up.  

A few minutes after we sat ourselves at a table by the window, an extremely friendly and pleasant waitress brought us a bowl of fresh chips (the real, substantial fried on the spot corn tortilla ones NOT from a bag) and green and red salsa (their red salsa is creamy and a little smokey flavored, different, but delicious).

The menu is pretty extensive (the breakfast selections looked awesome and cheap!) and everything sounded really good.

Our table got different huge burritos ($7) and one order of tacos (3 for $6) and I got a fresh squeezed orange/carrot juice (huge and so good!) ($3).  The burrito is enormous and delicious, and definitely will knock you into a food coma if you eat it all.  The chicken burrito I got was kind of greasy and I'm pretty sure everything had to be fried in pure lard, but you know what it was damn good. 

I'd have to say the carnitas tacos were the best thing out of all our orders. 
Super fresh, really tasty pork, fresh warm corn tortillas, garnished with tons of cilantro and onion, with limes and cucumbers on the side.

They also give you mini boxes of peppermint Chiclets with your check.

I can't wait to go back and try more!
I would never recommend this place because the owner is extremely rude. Will come outside and harass you if you park your car on the street, legally, in front of the restaurant. He will also key your car. Please take your business elsewhere. It's not worth it.
I don't know if someone new is managing this location of what but a lot has changed. They don't deliver to center city now! Which is crazy they're not that far! I used to order delivery all the time. They also close prior to their posted closing time. Not sure again if it's under new management or not. Terrible service! Other options available. If there were one star that's what they'd get! Which is unfortunate because the food is good.
I came here on a quiet Friday afternoon for lunch after moving. I liked this place, but not as much as my other favorite (Veracruzana).

The chips and salsa were fine .... the one salsa was what I will call chipotle mayonnaise, which I think was weird. The tacos al pastor that I got were good, but very greasy. My friend's burrito was ginormous. 

I won't NOT come back, but it's not in my top favorites, either.
I was SO prepared to like this place. I was stoked to find a reasonably priced and authentic looking Mexican place nearby, especially one that delivered. However, there were just too many little bumps in the road. I would consider dining-in in the future only if I were in the area, but I wouldn't order delivery again. 

First, you can't pay with a card if you order delivery. You have to pay in cash. Minor inconvenience, but it's 2018, come on. The person who answered the phone was impossible to talk to. We had a lot of questions, especially considering there is no website and no updated menu posted anywhere online. They were less than willing to be helpful. They were rude and abrupt, and we didn't end up getting what we wanted because of their phone service. My boyfriend, who is Hispanic, placed the order. It had nothing to do with a language barrier, just their unwillingness to be helpful.

The food arrived in about 30 mins. We got the huarache with carnitas ($14), the tacos with steak ($9), and a huge portion pico de gallo ($6). We didn't want the pico of gallo. We just wanted the chips and salsa that come complimentary when you dine in. What we got was $6 worth of pico de gallo and a laughably small portion of chips to go with it. The chips were too crunchy to be enjoyable. The steak tacos definitely weren't bad, but nothing special either. There was a good amount of meat and it was flavored well, but it was VERY greasy. The huarache was HUGE. The meat tasted very strongly of soy sauce, which was definitely weird. But it was a huge amount of food and still tasted relatively good. All in all, the food was good, but I was expecting much better. It absolutely did NOT live up to the hype promised by other yelpers. We probably would have given this place another chance if it weren't for how the food left us feeling. Unfortunately, we both experienced stomach aches for hours after eating, and my boyfriend had some major ~issues~ in the morning. So, sad to say, El Jarocho only gets 2 stars from us.
I can't believe I hadn't been here before. I've only lived nearby for like 4 years. Blerg. Definitely been missing out on some AWESOME beans, cheese, and other yummy things.  

First off,  the chips and dip we got at the table were great .There was a tomatillo salsa - and a chipotle cheese sauce like thing that I am now drooling over in my head as I write this. IT WAS THE BEST EVER.  Basically, I loved both of these, and figured that there was no way my meal would be bad after this start. 

I ordered the enchiladas - and being the veg that I am - went with the cheese option. Bc not only am I veg, but I'm also a fatty.   WHATEVER. IT WAS SO GOOD. The cheese wasn't bag shredded cheese like you often get - but great, creamy, thick real cheese - and it was truly the most delicious I've ever had.  The beans were well seasoned - and the green salsa and the sour cream only added to the yummyness of it all. I ended up with more than half left over - and I ate it the next day and it was STILL GREAT.  Which says a lot. 

Basically, I'm a big fan of this place. And I'll be getting take out often. As often as my waistline will allow.  Which is probably like 1 time a month - but hey. It'll be a go too when I want cheese and beans! 

Informal atmosphere, BYOB apparently, and prettttty inexpensive. Overall, can't go wrong!
Great taqueria.  Good tacos, guacamole, tortas.
I stopped in for lunch once.    Had huevos rancheros and a torta.   The torta wasn't as good as the ones from Garibaldi, but the rest of the stuff was on point.    This is the best neighborhood.
Not impressed at all. I went here because my husband raved about this place and their shrimp burrito. It was very pricey and in my opinion not worth it. I would rather Taco Bell. Not sure what their other food is like but from my experience I'm not sure I'd try anything else.
Man oh man this place is a sea of awesome foods and you will not know which one to get. Walking in you see a tiny little place that seems very homey and family owned. Looking at the menu you see fantastically delicious and overwhelming perfect dishes all smothered in cheese and sauce and awesomeness.

I got the nachos cause nachos are the best. Friends of mine got the burrito, quesedillas, and enchiladas and all were as magical as riding on a rainbow during sunset.

Food was good, service was mediocre. But honestly, the food was so good I didn't care.

Go, it's brilliant.
