I met a friend for lunch at El Merkury last week and, I have to admit, the experience was a bit confusing. There's a menu overhead but you place your order through a touchscreen system. Since it was our first time visiting, we asked several questions about the salads since we were both looking to keep our lunch on the light side. 

The menu overhead featured some sparkling waters, so I thought that's what I was ordering when I selected the lemon mint water from the touchscreen menu. We received drinks that looked more like lemonade, so I wanted to double check to see if there was any sugar. I was told that there was just a little bit, but I like to opt for unsweetened whenever possible. I traded my drink for a bottle of water. So my first piece of advice would be to put clearer descriptions on the touchscreen menu to avoid any confusion. 

The salads were pretty plain. Since we wanted to try each of the two dressings, we opted for dressing on the side. I personally thought both dressings looked and tasted very similar and couldn't detect much of a difference. The dressings were clearly very healthy - I don't even know if they had any oil in them. The result was a rather bland tasting salad, though the ingredients were all clearly very fresh. The chicken on top of my salad was tender and lightly seasoned. 

We also ordered a side of guacamole, which didn't come with chips (again, something that should be noted on the touchscreen) and was filled with a lot of diced cucumber (or similar veg). We dumped this on top of our salads but, again, I don't think it added a whole lot of taste. 

I get that El Merkury specializes in foods that are fried, so maybe it was a mistake to think that we could also get a delicious but healthy meal. Healthy, yes. Delicious, not really. If I go back, it would be for the other parts of the menu.
El Merkury has been back on my radar since the pandemic hit; I knew I was way overdue to give them another chance. Also, they are one of several woman-owned businesses that have been stepping up to the plate to feed local healthcare workers and hospital staff. In a time where all small businesses are struggling, that says a lot. 

My husband and I were out for a bike ride last weekend and wanted to grab a healthy lunch. I suggested El Merkury since we had been talking about ordering from there and I knew they had some fresh salads. We each picked a salad and also shared an order of cheese and bean pupusas. I topped my salad with shredded chicken which was a smart choice; otherwise, I think the salad would have been too plain. I really liked the taste of the mustard dressing, however. 

I think where El Merkury really shines (and where I missed the boat the first time) is with their street food options, which is the majority of the menu. Though I only had a single pupusa, it was delicious and left me wanting more. In addition to their regular takeout menu, El Merkury is offering family meal options as well. Think pupusas and taquitos by the dozen, proteins by the pound and sides by the quart. This would be so great for a family or even just to have a couple meals spread out through the week. I am definitely looking forward to putting a larger order together in the coming weeks with this option. I'll also have to try some of their famous churros, once I do!
If you are in Center City Philly and have a hankering for Central American street fare - specifically Guatemalan and Salvadoran - El Merkury is there for you.  This bright and clean casual eating spot serves up the food you'll find on the road from Antigua, Guatemala to San Salvador, El Salvador.  I stopped in for some chorizo taquitos and a side of elote covered in queso and cilantro crema.  Place your order on a store iPad and your food is then freshly prepared.  Don't forget to ask for their delicious house-made chili sauce.  It was a tasty meal at a fair price. Def check out the newest Central American eatery in town.
I'd the tostada combo, I recommend the corn on the cob and the tostadas. I didn't enjoy the soft fritters but Id like to try the other menu options. I'm not a fan of churros but my best friend thought they were delicious.  I'd trouble reading the chalkboard menu and what they were calling dumplings are really fritters or even pancakes. The ice cream was refreshing (it came with the churro) after the spicy corn. The owners are lovely and the place is clean. I enjoyed how the food was seasoned and would like to try a salad on my next visit.
I can't wait to go back. I ordered veggie tostadas, corn, and coffee churro/ice cream. Everything is made to order after ordering at the kiosk. The tostadas and corn were fresh and delicious. That CHURRO OMG! I feel so deprived from the Americanized churros I've had in the past. The churro was hot and the ice cream had a consistency of a custard, outstanding.

And to wash it all down you must have that lemon cucumber water..


Awesome service and I love the cool breeze of the open windows on a September day.
Confusing menu and even more confusion with the 'order by pad' thing.

That said, the proprietress was very sweet and patient while I fumbled with that order screen. She answered my questions and made suggestions without being pushy or upselling.

I went for a combo meal of a chicken taquito and a cheese pupusa, a side of plantain chips, guacamole and a horchata. I probably ordered free sides (pickled red onion, curtido and a salsa) or else these come as a matter of course. As I said, that touch screen and my ADD did not dance well together.

Food arrived quickly but then I was the only patron there at the time. The curtido was forgettable and the guacamole was on the thin side. For about $13, though, I got a reasonable meal (loved the oozy, cheesy pupusa) that filled me up. The restaurant is very clean but is not sterile, utensils are biodegradable and if you have never had Central American street food (living in the Bay area spoiled me for the really excellent stuff), this is a good, non-challenging gateway place. 

Churros are not my jam but if you have a sweet tooth, the churro selection here looks like a stoner's paradise or a different spin on ending a first date.

Good place to stop in before or after a movie or when your blood sugar is dropping from too much shopping. 

Remember-it's nice to support a woman owned small business. : )
There are a few things you should know about this place:

1. It's brand new... it's only been open a week - so stop by and welcome them to the neighborhood.

2. The food is made to order, and it tastes clean and fresh. You may have to wait a bit, but it will be worth it. I promise.

3. Once you arrive, you have to order via kiosk. I am not sure if they accept cash. Which is way more convenient than the places that accept only cash.

4. I would suggest ordering a combo so that you can try a sampler of dishes.

5. They make the BEST CHURROS on this side of the Mississippi. Seriously. They are amazing! And they come with complimentary vanilla ice cream! 

I would highly recommend this restaurant!!!
This is my favorite Central American food. I am not cheese person or heavy tasting. But , I love these food with cheese on. The mix of the cheese and onion , salsa just make it so refreshing . It does not taste heavy at all. My favorite non-Asian restaurant. The food are so fresh and well decorated. I will definitely come back !
A passerby on the street may not think much of this place just walking by as it is unassuming and on a more residential block surrounded by high-rise apartments, a couple churches, and a parking garage. However, it's a nice little edition to the area for some quick, casual, and tasty Central American street food. The portion sizes are pretty decent and food very reasonably priced! The combos are a fantastic deal and the way to go if you are hungry! You are able to customize your toppings/order using the screen. 

The tostadas were packed with flavor and meat. The Elote Loco (corn topped with chili flakes, cheese, and cilantro cream) was fantastic as well - nice amount of spice and buttery goodness. What I think is most unique and standout though is their dessert churro. My favorite is the dulce de leche. The churros are massive, and they come out perfectly warm and crispy, served over vanilla soft serve.

You'll need plenty of napkins for this place; the food can get pretty messy, but you won't regret it!
I have literally never written a review on Yelp before***

BUT just ate at El Merkury for the first time and was so blown away that I had to write, kid you not. The pupusa/tostada/street corn/baked rice was so dank (read: top 5 sub-$12 meals in philly for SURE) that I had to rave about it publicly and unequivocally. 

The fact that there were only 3 other customers in there when I just visited is a cardinal sin. Everyone go to here. Thank you!!

***as a former service industry worker, I see Yelp reviews for what they are: a platform for bullying and classist criticism that comes with absolutely no food or service work credibility!!
It took three trips to El Merkury for a 5 to be official. The first time I was hungry and felt like I was maybe not fully objective about the delicious street food. Second time I had their churro for the first time and forgot everything I'd ever eaten before that moment including the food I just ate! Third time I got it together. I had the pupusa and taquito combo. Really delicious. Everything balances so well and the ingredients are fresh and distinct. No need to bury these yummies in salt or condiments. Really great bite!

I can not recommend the churros enough! Perfect texture. Great, creative speciality preparations. I'm working my way through the churro menu. So far I've had the Tres Leches and the Ron con Pasas. Absolutely in the top 5 desserts Philly is currently offering!
After work on a friday i was finally able to stop and give El Merkury a try. This kitchen does not disappoint. Ordering is done via a touch screen which i like because it lessens the chance of any mistakes with your order. Swipe your card right st the screen and you're done. I'm not sure if they take cash , but who carries cash anymore now a days. If the system was set up to take NFC via apple pay or android wallet that would be nice but not a big deal. 

I ordered the chicken taquitos and they were delicious. Came out very crispy and hot with some great accompanying accruements. Spicer than i expected but a pleasant surprise. 

Also finished out the meal with a tres leche churro. It came out hot and crispy as well. The tres leche was also good.
Wow this place deserves more customers!

El Merkury is where the old Agno used to be on 21st and Chestnut. It's a new place serving Guatemalan Street Food and after multiple visits I have to say the food is beautiful, delicious, and so filling!

You'll notice it first by the bright colors of the tables, chairs, and sign outside. The same themes occur inside with a nice mural on the main wall and little Guatemalan eccentricities on the other wall.

You'll most likely be greeted by the owner who is a lovely and pleasurable woman who is kind and attentive. I was most surprised that when she brought my food to me the first time I didn't even have to ask for water because she brought it out for me.

So! On to the food! I've tried the tostada, Taquito, and pupusas and my personal recommendation is to get the tostada and taquito combination with the standard two sides-my suggestion being the corn and rice with the roasted corn on the cob. You'll see in my photos how beautiful and delicious everything looks.

Come here often and do the neighborhood a service by spreading the word about this awesome place to eat! Also, it's very casual so stop by for a nice lunch.
Saw the pictures for this and came to try the churros, left super impressed! El Merkury is an unassuming little place selling Central American Snack food, and although I didn't get to try the other stuff I loved my churro. They have basic churros with dips and/or fillings, but I opted for one from the "Gourmet Loop" list, which all come served over a cup of vanilla soft serve and covered with toppings like homemade caramel, rum raisins, dark chocolate, etc. 

I got the tres leches: 3-milk mix, topped with cinnamon and torched meringue! Everything was spot-on, from the crispy and warm churro to the cool soft serve, and the meringue/marshmallow coating toasted perfectly. I would definitely come again to try their many other gourmet churros, as well as their tostadas and pupusas, which I hope are just as good!
One of the better tostadas in the city! 2 large ones with your choice of meat for about 8 bucks. Not too bad, especially if guac is included! 

Pros: 
access to freshly made churros and tostadas, which are virtually non-existant in this city 


Cons:
Their ordering screen is super glitchy so it took us forever to order.
Pupusa is bland
Not really sure how everyone got ice cream on their churro but it wasn't even an option for us, nor was it on the menu.
tl;dr delivering a sophisticated take on Latin American street food, this Rittenhouse cucina cooks up one of my new favorite desserts in the city

Philly mints many exciting pop-ups into full brick-and-mortar establishments. Among them is El Merkury, a fast-casual spot promising an accessible assortment of Central American street food staples. The walls and stamped tin ceilings are whitewashed, decorated with colorful cubbies on one side and a spraypaint-stenciled, kitchen-themed mural on the other. Bright yellow and deep blue aluminum tables and chairs complement the vibrant Spanish music playing in the background. Garage door-style windows open widely, greeting the summer weather with panache.

My partner and I stopped by the Rittenhouse outpost for dinner, and we opted for two combo platters and churro. As we waited at our table, I was surprised and impressed that the staff offered near-restaurant quality service. They brought out iced water, then staggered the entrees and dessert. The entrees could be summed up as well-portioned and sturdy, with an exciting assortment of textures and spot-on sauces, but underwhelmingly flavored meats. The Cheese-Baked Rice absolutely hit the spot. The richness of melty cheese was balanced out by sweet corn. The guacamole ran on the pureed side, emulating a sauce more than a dip. Seasoned with lime and pickled onions, it was refreshing and flavorful. The beans were well-cooked with a good texture. The plantain chips held up to the scoop test and proved to be an ideal side to pair with the beans and guac. I appreciated that they were longitudinally cut, but I wish they were salted -- the chips sans dip definitely were underwhelming. Our meal ended with a bang thanks to the Galletas Abue Churro. Looping spectacularly from a cup of soft-serve, the sight of the churros is second only to the taste. Our variety was heavy in indulgent flavors of cinnamon and sugar, and the soft-serve was drizzled with dulce de leche and wafer cookies. The made-to-order churro was piping hot, slightly melting the adjacent soft-serve and intensifying the lusciousness. In fact, I'd say the churro is reason enough to pay El Merkury a visit. Even though you'll definitely want a churro for yourself, you may find that your eyes are bigger than your stomach. Surprisingly heavy, the portion is fair to split between two.

For $40 for two (after tax and tip), El Merkury definitely runs the Rittenhouse-standard price for a fast-casual affair. While the food might not have blown my socks off, it was a solid foray into the star of the meal. The churro selection has my strong endorsement as ranking among the best dessert option in Philly.
Perfect treat for a hot summer day! Decided to walk there after spending sometime at rittenhouse square and their tres leches churro soft serve really hit the spot. The vanilla soft serve was super delicious with the dulce de leche topped with the crunchy, flakey, brown sugar-y churro -- overall, AMAZING.
Quick service. One of the best corn tortillas I've had. Ordered the tostadas and street corn, they were both delicious. Also their prices are very reasonable and great portions! 

I will be returning whenever I'm back in the area.
This newcomer brings Central American street food: pupusas, tacquitos, tostadas, and churros, to Rittenhouse.

We stopped by for a late afternoon meal on the opening day- Saturday, May 5. The inside is casual and spacious, with painted graffiti-esque decorations and bright yellow and blue accents. We were greeted by friendly employees who patiently and knowledgeably guided us through the options. We placed our order at the self-service screens at the counter: a pupusa tacquito combo (1 each + 2 sides, $10) and an order of tostadas (2, each with up to 4 different toppings, for $5.56). 

We eagerly awaited our food, though it didn't take long- maybe 5 minutes before our food was brought to the table. They were served in brown boxes with wooden utensils, true to El Merkury's image as a street food vendor. The tostadas are taco-size corn tortillas deep-fried in their flat form, then piled with toppings. You can choose up to four toppings per tostada. We got one "enchilada style," which means layers of pickled beets and beans, raisins, olives, a mix of beef and pork, and a sprinkling of cotija cheese. I enjoyed the variety of salty, savory, and sweet flavors and the contrast of crunch from the fried tortilla and beets with the soft meat. The second tostada was pork mechada with refried beans, guac, and salsa. The flavors were more bold but less unique on this tostada. Overall, the tostadas were delicious, but we would have enjoyed them even more if they had been a little warmer and the tortilla a little more crunchy. Still, we expect that might have been because it was only their first day serving food at this location!

The pupusa was a little smaller than the tostada, but hefty: a substantial stuffed white corn pancake. You choose your filling: we got carnitas chicharron (pork). The carnitas had a nice fine texture to it. I thought the pupusa was a tad soggy and a little dull in flavor, but my partner assures me that's just how pupusas are- they're designed for dipping in sauce! 

The tacquito (we got chorizo panela) was piping hot, crispy and richly flavorful, with a substantial spicy kick. The pupusa and tacquito combo came with two sides: we chose plantain chips and elote loco (grilled corn with cotija cheese, chili flakes, and a green sauce). Both of the sides ($2 each on their own, but included in price of the combo) were gustatorial adventures :) We loved the char on the elote and the complex mix of flavors. The plantain chips are fried to slightly sweet, crispy, salty perfection. 

We would come back to El Merkury in a heartbeat: for their excellent service; and for great value; and most of all, for their unique, well-crafted, and delicious food!
My partner and I wanted to eat our takeout outside in a nearby park and El Merkury was perfect for an easy grab and go with food that wouldn't be too messy or difficult to eat (overall at least, maybe the tostada we ended up getting was not in that category lol!). 

We ordered two pupusas, both filled with chicarron pork, and a hilacha chicken tostada and a side of plantain chips.

Everything was so incredibly good!  We absolutely loved every bite and there's truly nothing else like this in the city, at least that I know of.  The plantain chips were nice and crunchy, the pupusas were soft and juicy, and you could really taste that corn flavor.  The tostada was also delicious, and as you can see from the photo, they really don't shy away from piling on top of it.  The flavors of the chicken and all of the toppings together was perfect. And to be honest, I really wish we had ordered way more.  The serving size in my opinion was kind of more snack-like?  So definitely order up and go crazy if you get this to go.

I was also eyeing their churro & ice cream combinations, and will definitely be back for that, they had a variety of interesting flavors like tres leches and mayan chocolate and I know I just have to try those soon.  I've had a few other friends also suggest the bean pupusa and other options that I didn't try off the menu that they have agreed are stellar, so maybe one night where I don't feel like cooking I'll just order a dozen frozen to go (which they have as an option! You can order them frozen and cook them at home). It's a perfect quarantine food option spot for sure and really unique in the Rittenhouse area.
I visited this restaurant many many months ago before the pandemic. I simply ordered some food to go and it was pretty good. The only thing is every time I walk past the restaurant it's not super busy which I think it should be because if you can get a seat by the window it's really a nice view. The food is also really good as well so I'm actually surprised that it's never super packed in there. If you can he should order some food to go it's really delicious.
I have been wanting to try El Merkury for some time and finally got around to it a couple of weeks ago. The restaurant is a casual dining restaurant where you place your order and pay using the iPads available to you at the counter (there was also an employee who helped us figure out what exactly we wanted - which was super helpful) 

Once you place your order you just take a seat, someone will bring out your order an a glass of water for you. (Other drinks are available on the menu). We order a couple of the combos and some street corn. The combos had pupusas and taqitos along with a side (we chose the rice and plantain chips). 

The pupusas (somewhat similar to arepas if you've have those, or the central American version of parathas) were amazing - I got the black one and my husband got the pork. Both were amazing and so filling! We were unable to finish our combos. The street corn was also delicious and a must try. 

This place is delicious, friendly and I will certainly be back!
My boyfriend and I stopped in on a Sunday around 2 pm and the place was empty. We ordered two taquitos, one chili chicken and one chorizo, two pork papusas, two corns and a tres leches churro. 

Taquitos- 2/5- the chili chicken taquito was way too spicy and the chorizo one was a bit soggy from the salsa. My boyfriend didn't enjoy them.

Papusas (carnitas)- 4.5/5 - the flavor was great and they were filled with a good amount of meat. They could have used some more toppings though, maybe avocado and lettuce/tomato and some more sauce options.

Corn-3/5- I've had much better mexican corn. It was way too spicy with both a pepper sauce and red pepper flakes. It needed more cheese and the corn itself was cold and just didn't taste very fresh.

Churro-5/5- the tres leches churro was amazing. We loved the ice cream it was served with. I would go back just for this.

Overall I would give it about 3.5/5 for the entire experience. Go for the churro and maybe a papusa, skip the corn and taquitos.
I'll be back.
This place was great. 
I will definitely return here again and again to try everything on the menu.
Once I figured out the ordering system (there's a slight learning curve) I took a window seat and waited until my name was called. I got the spiced roasted squash queso fresco taquitos. The shell was toasty crisp and the squash perfectly roasted. It even had some pickled red onions on top which I loved. I also ordered a side of cheese baked rice with jalapenos and corn. I had no idea this was a thing. It was amazing, pure comfort and I will get this every time I go here. I may need to replicate this at home too if I can, it was that fantastic.
Finally I got an original churro. I love churros. To have a place that makes them near where I work is going to be dangerous. There is a whole churro menu of various types. I need to go back and try one of each. 
A new staple in my center city lunch rotation.
On a recent business trip to Philly was led to this spot near  Rittenhouse Square by a local  for a much needed break from the cheesesteak overload I was having. And El Merkury turned out to be just what I needed.  Central American street food and it was delicious! 

The kiosk format was new to me but it was extremely easy to use and a very friendly staff member walked me through it. A few taps on the screen and minutes later my food was ready. 

The pupusas came out nice and hot  filled with the perfectly melted lorocco jack cheese inside. Accompanied by 3 perfectly crispy chile chicken taquitos. The super fresh salsa and pickled onions paired with both well.

I added a side of arroz con elote, which I had never seen before on a menu. So glad I ordered it, the roasted jalapenos and corn gave it the perfect heat and texture.

Then it came down to which churro I wanted. I went with a staff pick, the Galletas Abue, delightfully presented  in a loop standing in a scoop of rich vanilla ice cream. The churro was crisp, cinnamony and airy while the homemade dulce de leche was out of this world! 

So if you want some authentic Central American fare or just want to satisfy your sweet tooth with an amazing churro, this is the spot for you. Will definitely be back on my next Philly visit!
Ordered tostadas as take out. I came late to pick up the order so the shells were a little soggy, but the tostadas were so flavorful and delicious. Recommend adding the pickled beets as a topping. Will have to go back to sit down next time.
Cute. I always think it's effective when you can go in somewhere and pay on your own, so it was nice to use an iPad to put in my order. It was hard to decide what I wanted, but I landed on the tostadas. It would be nice if the menu descriptions were in the iPad too, so I wouldn't have to look up at the written descriptions on the chalkboard while ordering, but it was OK. 

The food took kind of long to be prepared, but I figured they made it fresh. Overall, I got my chicken and pork tostadas with corn and rice in a semi-reasonable amount of time. It was cool to be texted when my order was ready and then sent my receipt by phone. The downside was, though the receipt was itemized, it didn't have a description of each of the tostadas. I admit, I didn't remember what kind of tostadas I ordered at first, and had no way of knowing because it only said '2 tostadas' (it doesn't refer to the toppings you ordered either. This is a small thing though, since the tostadas were good.

They also could maybe use some complimentary water off to the side. The food is spicy (as one would expect), and a dispenser of filtered water would be nice. I am not grossed out by tap water so I didn't mind the cashier going over to the sink and giving me some, but I know some folks don't prefer that.

Other than those things, I would go back. I overheard they were out of churros, but I'd love to give those a try as well.
RUN, DO NOT WALK TO EL MERKURY! YOU WONT REGRET IT! 

I decided to pop around to a few different locations in Philly for lunch one day and just knew I had to stop into El Merkury after reading the awesome reviews and stalking the Instagram page for weeks! 

The food is so authentic and flavorful, and is so hard to find in Philly. Pupusas are one of my favorite foods and I have not been able to get good authentic pupusas since moving to Delaware. I ordered the pupusa/tostado combination which was crazy affordable for the amount and quality of food you're getting. 

I did my happy dance from the very first look at my plate because I knew it would be amazing but once I actually tasted it, there may have been tears of joy shed. It was so worth it! 
The pupusa was perfect, it had that soft yet firm outside  shell you want and was stuffed with delicious meat. Topped with just right amount of curtido. 
If you're never had a pupusa before, give it a shot at el Merkury 
Next I ventured to the tostados, which knocked my socks off. It was loaded and heavy with delicious meat, and a perfect balance of fresh toppings (and the shell didn't break at all, talk about sturdy) 

Sides: corn, guacamole, cheese/rice, plantain chips which were all amazing as well!!

Last but definitely not least, we finished the meal with a churro that was gone the second it touched the table. There are so many different churro options and I can't wait to go back to try some more.
I stopped by El Mercury for take out during the pandemic.. this was my first time trying their food... I found some very unique options for vegetarians...

Chipotle Jackfruit Taquito and Butternut Squash Taquito were very good but my favorite was the Loroco Jack Pupusa! Also, the Arroz Con Elote was delicious!!!

It was later in the evening and they were winding down . The owner was very nice and helpful. I'm glad I finally got to try their food. Will definitely return.
The Galletas Abue (homemade dulce de leche, crushed Maria cookies, and cinnamon sugar) is the best churro I have ever eaten, putting most restaurant churros to shame. Not even the churro con chocolate at Cafe Aranda in Malaga, Spain can compare. What elevates this churro to superstardom is the very simple presentation of a golden arched loop crisped and sugared perfectly with its warm, soft, moist center inviting you to break off pieces of it and dip them into the cup of soft serve vanilla ice cream mixed with cookie crumbles and dulce de leche. The combination is superb. You will try to figure out where you've had parts of this dessert before and you will say to yourself, "Wow, they've improved upon the experience." There are other flavor combinations of churros, too, that I am looking forward to try.

If churros were your only reason to come here, that would be a good one, but El Merkury also offers tasty entreés, too. The pupusas are excellent. They look small but are really satisfying (think of small, flat mounds of masa cornmeal with your choice of a filling that is baked in). The three cheese baked rice with jalapeno peppers and corn is also very good and the plantains are great.
Love visiting El Merkury on Chestnut! Sofia and her team are wonderful hosts, and the food is phenomenal!

My personal favorites n the menu are the chorizo taquitos, and along with their sides (gotta try the elote, arroz, and plantain chips), I'd argue it's some of the most authentic Latin American cuisine in town.

El Merkury is affordable and very accommodating for groups! We hosted about 15 people or so for a board meeting, and the setup was great. Would love to host future events here, and I suggest you give it a try if you're in the center city area.

Look forward to my next trip!
Food was nothing out of this world but it came out fast. The taquito was really good though I have to admit. 

What I really didn't like was that they really tried to collect your data. They ask to use get your phone number on the register and there's a default check box that says share my contact info. Also they wanted email addresses and stuff and they didn't allow you to print your receipt so you need to give an email to get a recipient. Seemed questionable to me.
meep i dont know if i came at a wrong time or something, but we came on a friday night around dinner time to try this new place out.  we ordered the TOSTADAS (it was SUPER salty. the meat was WAAAAYYY too salty oh my goodness. i was biting into a piece of salt. the portions are satisfying, but everything was just too salty, and the order didn't come out how I wanted it), and the CHURRO (it was WAY too coated in cinnamon sugar... it was just drenched, no matter how much I scraped off the sugar, it was still drenched. and the churro was too hard, wasn't soft at all.), and the PLANTAIN CHIPS (the chips were way too oily, no flavor at all).

the ordering is simple, they have a kiosk, but the server working here was WAY too slow, and it just took forever for the food to come out when there was nobody at the restaurant.

only positive thing i would say about here was the interior and the open windows, but thats it.  Food and service is very subpar. Not happy at all with this visit.
Stopped into El Merkury for a quick meal, excited to try their version of Central American street food since we love getting pupusas at home. Got the combo with a pupusa and taquito, and the portion size was a little smaller than I was expecting for the price. The chorizo taquito was really tasty, but while the pupusa was good, it wasn't as flavorful as some of the ones we've had before. On the side, we got guacamole along with arroz con elote, and that cheesy corn rice was my favorite part of the entire meal. Ordering was done on touchscreens, and I liked that the atmosphere was very relaxed and casual.
Went there on opening night--thrilled we have a place like this in Center City finally! Food was great; definitely would recommend the pupusa's. I also tried my friend's tostada... really tasty! Everything I tried had a unique Salvadoran/Central American flavor to it that I don't see often in Philly, and it's definitely worth experiencing if you haven't had it before. 

Relaxed ambiance, good music, and very friendly staff. I was especially surprised by what a good deal it was in terms of price. Also, if I recall correctly, they are BYOB. Can't wait to go back on a nice day when they have all the windows open out on the street.
My new Philly favorite restaurant! I'm putting it on heavy rotation. Outstanding tostadas and pupusas. The churros are a must. Vegan and gluten-free friendly.
My friends and I decided to visit after we saw the churro ice cream pictures on Instagram. It's a really cute place and I love the vibes/decor/etc! My only concern was the churros itself lol. The waitress brought them out within 10 ish minutes, and then we spent maybe like 5 mins taking pics for insta cuz they looked cute or whateva. Now idk if they weren't made right or we waited too long to eat them buttttt the churros were crunchy. I tried to break a piece of the churro and the entire thing crumbled into a million pieces :////// The only soft part of the churro was the part that was sitting in the ice cream. As far as taste though, the tres leches was def the best flavor, but man I really wish the churros were softer. Oh well.
El Merkury is a great spot to grab something quick but still tasty, and very different from other options in the area! I have had the taquitos, papayas, elote, rice, and beans, all of which I have enjoyed. The taquitos are nice and crispy, and the meat is tender and full of flavor. Everything that I have had here is on the spicier side, which I enjoy but know is not for everyone. 
One thing is that the dishes don't take out that well- things loose their textural contrast, which I think is more from the nature of the food.
El Merkury offers tasty and trendy Latin American food for reasonable prices. I haven't yet tried their very over-the-top-looking churros or other sweets, but we enjoyed the pupusas, tostadas, and elote for dinner, and they were all flavorful and hit the spot. The restaurant interior is sleek and industrial, a bit like the vibe at Chipotle. The restaurant isn't too busy or large, giving it a more laid-back feel, and the one staff member was friendly. Prices for a full meal are around $12 or so, which isn't cheap per se, but fine for a casual get-together. Overall a nice experience.
Came here mainly for their very instagrammable churros, plus some snacks as we came during "happy hour." 

The churros were amazing- very light and crispy. I thought I would share since it's a good portion, but because it's so light I did fine by myself haha. It's served with soft serve ice cream, although you can opt for a stuffed churro (definitely trying next time!). I think they should explore scooped ice cream instead of soft serve to take it to the next level. The cashier was pleasant- she even agreed to customize my order when I asked to add walnuts because I couldn't pick which flavor. 

We also tried the corn and guacamole- no complaints. The guacamole was very fresh! Will have to come back to try the savory food for dinner.
Food was delicious. Cant wait to go back and try the churros! Food is nice and easy to
Pick up or sit in restaurant with the perfect ambiance.
We ordered a variety of things from El Merkury and I will say that I loved how authentic they were as compared to other places in the neighborhood.  

I liked the butternut squash taquitos - so different than the offerings I've seen elsewhere, and sweet without being too sweet.  I did notice that all of the food we had (guacamole, refried beans, and even the taquitos) could have used more salt to bring out their flavors a little more.  The churros had a nice flavor, and would have been even better if I ate them when they were still warm.  

Overall, it was a nice change of pace, and I would probably dine in next time to see that part of the experience.
I love the churros here. Crispy, sweet, and fresh. They seem to have trouble with the ice cream machine a lot though. Out of the 4 times I've been, 3 of the ice creams have been watery. Once, the churro machine wouldn't work correctly (still tasted good, though).
I also love their pupusas. All 3 flavors are great; my favorite is the chicharron pork. Give me that and a side of refried beans, and I'm a happy camper.
I visited the area with a few friends and just happened to walk by. As soon as we saw the ginormous churros sitting in ice cream, we knew we had to make a stop. 

We ordered street corn and a few churros. I loved loved loved the churros here, especially the unicorn looking one with the rainbow sprinkles. I can remember the dessert like it was yesterday. The crispy warm cinnamoney churro with the soft center with the cold ice cream was amazing. Not to mention the texture and flavor of the sprinkles. It just hit the spot!

I still dream about the churros and will come back. Highly recommend!
Most confusing menu ever. I will be back and if it takes me a month to understand how to order properly so be it I will take this challenge.

You must use there touch screen to order and I thought I was ordering 3 taquitos as you can not mix and match no I ended up with one and a tostado, side of corn, and side of platains. Thing is on the touch screen if you don't choose the free sides it is very confusing and you can end up getting burned.

The corn was some of the most delectable I have had in some time with a spice mixed around it I have never encounted, I must go back to find out what it was and update review...I want to say it was a spicey cheese but just amazeballs.

The tacquito was good but one per order is not good they reallly must rearrange portions or make ordering easier to what you actually want. The tostado was fine but that was not what I was looking for. Plaintains very good but again I did not "want" plaintains but they came with the combo.

I recommend you try this spot however as the Churro menu god dam looks magically I can't explain all the options you have for different flavored churros but they do sell a shirt celebrating national churro day so I would not be suprised if they are amazing.

I will be back!! And fully endorse you trying some of there items!! GET THE CORN WHATEVER YOU DO!!
Amazing pupusa, the best one can find around. The pupusa has a good amount of filling and nice crunch. The curtido was well made, just enough vinegar to eat with each bite. I love the different churros option, very fun and yummy. Overall, the food always tastes fresh and authentic. The bonus for me is the merchandise sold that benefited women in Guatemala. You can get a fridge magnet for just $3.
I'm so happy to have tried this place!! I love a casual meal that still offers so much flavor. Went with my bf around 2 pm this Sunday.

We ordered 2 combos through the kiosk for the sake of trying a variety. It was pretty painless. Although pay attention to the *max number* of options you can choose, I missed this at first and was confused. Our food came out quickly from a friendly server. Everything seemed freshly prepared.

I loved my combo!! The grilled corn on the cob was amazing - seasoned with some chili flakes and cilantro. I also tried a crunchy tostada topped with beans, chicken, and salsa. The chicken was surprisingly savory and a little tangy. My taquito was perfectly fried with juicy chorizo inside, a delight after having bland chorizo at other philly establishments. I will probably pass on the 3 cheese rice next time. While it was creamy and yummy, it was heavy to go with the other fried food. 

Overall, we definitely had eyes bigger than our stomachs. Next time, I'll just order 2 taquitos or tostadas to save $$ and also room for dessert.

The tres leches churro - wow. Covered in cinnamon sugar with a portion dipped in meringue. Served with cinnamon vanilla ice cream. I'm not the person to go out of my way for dessert, but if I have a sweet craving, I'll be coming back here just for the churro.
Look at those churros!!! Three of us shared the Dolce de Leche churro and it was the perfect amount. My only disappointment was that the churro had the oil fryer aftertaste. I will definitely be back to try the other flavors.
Go and try some Central American food staples! This place has delicious food, great vibes, friendly staff, and a great mission! For those of you who are lactose-intolerant horchata lovers, the almond milk horchata is amazing.
Great food and great vibe. The owner was really friendly and customer oriented. My suggestion would be to give customers the option to customize the items they order through the kiosk at the front. For instance, I don't like onions or beets and I would like to omit them from my order. You should also provide the curtido and sauce for the pupusas on the side, so that customers can adjust it to their liking. 

Overall, it was a great experience. I was able to give my girlfriend and her sister a taste of some Guatemalan food. By the way, the dulce de leche churros were amazing! Keep up the great work.
Food is good but service can get very slow if they are busy since there's only one or two people who seem to work there.  The corn was great but the churro and ice cream is not worth the calories.
The ordering experience, while unconventional, was overall intuitive and easy. The people serving and preparing the food were quite friendly and eager to help with anything. 

The food, overall, was "good". My entrees were tasty, but the side of rice and refried beans could have been fresher. The churro w/ ice cream (tres leches) was AMAZING.

The price is a little steep for what it is. I'll probably be back at some point.
Rip Agno, you will not be missed! I'm so glad El Merkury moved in here!

The food here is great. I suggest getting the plate with two food options. They are all so good and you can get an entire cob of corn or plantain chips as a side for free with a meal! 

The taquitos are worlds ahead of the ones I eat at the gas station after a night of drinking. I prefer the meat options but even the vegetarian options are quite good! They are always running out of random things so I find myself trying their other offerings which are all good. 

All of their churros come with ice cream. The two go great together and is one of my favorite desserts. One time they ran out of ice cream and I had to eat a sad lonely naked churro. 

The water situation here is slightly suspect but I am used to drinking from the tap at home.
I was in the area and tried El Merkury yesterday for the first time. I have Celiac disease so I inquired about the food being Gluten Free. Turns out mostly the whole menu is Gluten Free by default. They use a dedicated frier for the corn based tortillas for the taquitos, pupusas, and tostadas. I got a taquitos and a tostada combo. The food was amazing! The pork tostada was my favorite. The plantain chips were very good as well. I have been craving this food since I ate there, I will definitely be back. I highly recommend El Murkury for a fast casual meal. You order at a kiosk and they will text you when your food is ready. Can't be any more convenient. I think we have a winner.
Great churros, taquitos and tostadas. Try out galle abue one.

The owner was really nice and detailed about her dishes. It is also nice to see a native guatemanteca opening this restaurant.
Great food that you can't get anywhere else in the city! Everything I have ordered here is delicious. You need to try it!
Sofia (owner) is so incredible sweet and was amazing to talk to about the origin of El Merkury and how the food is connected to her childhood memories.

A great place for all dietary restrictions and cravings!
If you are visiting Philadelphia or are a long-time resident in the mood for some amazing food, you need to check out El Merkury. El Merkury has great cuisine and you can't beat the price point. If you have a sweet tooth, the churros are a MUST HAVE. The service was quick and the restaurant is in pristine condition. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Ordered a pupusa and tostada combo and only got a pupusa, it was for takeout so I didn't notice until I got back to the office. I called to ask for a refund 5 times WITH NO RESPONSE. No one has answered the phone. Very underwhelmed I wish I could've liked this place but never going back again.
I've walked by this place a million times and finally went inside, what a fantastic find!

Pros:
Simple menu but with lots of variety
Great value - prices you would find in the Italian Market
Food was excellent
Indoor and out door seating

Cons:
I'm not 100% sure what Horchata is supposed to taste like...but my friend said it was kind of meh. I liked it though? 

A fantastic addition to the Rittenhouse area, will be back for sure! Really not sure why it always seems so empty on the inside.
Definitely worth a try. Hadn't ever had Guatemalan cuisine before and this was a great introduction to it. I got the black bean pupusa and it is very good, though not mind blowingly so. Casual, fast, good prices.
Wow!!! This place is seriously underrated and I'm just so glad I finally tried it after walking past it many times on my way down Center City. The decor of the restaurant is nice with bold colors and the whole vibe is very welcoming. They use self order kiosks which are great and very intuitive to use although a friendly lady did guide me through the options and recommended items to me when I asked which were the most popular. They served me the best churro I ever had with dulce de leche, cookies and ice cream. The churro itself was hot, cinnamony, crispy on the outside and airy and soft on the inside with a slight chew that I love. The dulce de leche was delicious and paired with the ice cream - every bite was heaven. 

I wish more people knew about this place because they definitely deserve the recognition. It's obvious that they have heart and take pride in what they serve. If you're looking for something sweet, this is a must try. You won't be disappointed!
Love the food...
It's really yummy and the location is good as well 


I tried a few things from the menu and everything was delicious... check it out :)
You can tell that everything at El Merkury is made with more thought then your average papusa or churro.  We tried just about everything on the menu.  Loved that most things had a bit of a kick, and lots of flavor! The Churros melt in your mouth! The salads were also a big hit!
So easy! So good!
I've walked past it for months, wondering ... "street food"? I took a stab, successfully used their tap-screen ordering & payment tablet, took a bite of their chorizo tostada and YESSS.
I bet you'll like this place, too.
This place is amazing and it begins with how you order on beautifully easy-to-follow touchscreens. It's byo, authentic, friendly & helpful staff. Definitely coming back here. Try a combo- can't go wrong with any of the sides too!
I stopped in to El Merkury for the first time yesterday around lunch. It's a nice, open space with a few outdoor high tops for nice weather and pads to order on (the staff are ready to provide explanations or introductions to the food at the first notion that you're not familiar or are there for the first time). 

The menu is a good size, with the meal food (ie. not the extensive and impressive churro desert menu) broken into three categories - taquitos, pupusas (quite similar to venezuelan arrapas), tostadas, and sides. Each of the first three categories had about three types within, and there are a handful of side options. So there's enough to explore/vary your orders a bit if you plan on going from time to time, but not enough to overwhelm or confuse a newcomer. It also helps that I get the impression they do a lot of their business in the form of the combos, which allow you to try items from two of the main categories with a couple of sides. 

I got a pupusas and taquitos combo, choosing the Quesillo Black Bean Pupusa and Three Chili Chicken Taquito, with Elote Loco (roasted corn on the cob with cilantro cream, chili flakes, and queso fresco) and Guacamole as sides. It was all tasty, as was the bite of Arroz con Elote (baked cheesy rice with jalapenos & corn) I was able to try. The spice levels were pleasant for me but nowhere near excessive or boundary-pushing. The taquito, dipped in the cilantro-heavy guacamole*, was pretty delicious, and I topped the pupusa with the salsa that accompanied my order, also to enjoyable effect. The corn was a definite highlight. The cob was split in half**, which is a good thing, because once I took a first bite I couldn't bring myself to put the cob down until I was finished. It was so tender and flavorful that I needed two smaller cobs to help me spread the joy throughout my meal rather than polish it off in one gluttonous storm. 

If I have a complaint, it's that I didn't feel like a got a huge value for what I paid for the combo. The way it was pitched to me, I though I'd get two taquitos and two two pupusas in addition to my sides. In retrospect that might have been a bit much to expect, but I would have really appreciated one more item of some kind. Maybe that was just because I entered the place pretty famished, but I was nowhere close to full by the time I finished. Still, the quality was where I wanted it to be and it's something at least a bit different. I'd not only recommend it, but I do intend to go back at some point, just perhaps not when I'm starving. 

* don't worry, cilantro haters, they give an option on the tablet menu to opt out of any cilantro

** it may have only been split in half because I took mine to go, but I was till glad it was
Such a wonderful place to grab lunch with a friend. Everything on the menu is delicious and served quickly, but I especially enjoyed the pupusa. There's really nothing better than sitting here with great food and company in front of the open windows on a hot summer day.
Great authentic food and nice atmosphere. Very friendly service and willing to help you with the menu. The churro menu is a lot of fun!
Have been here multiple times. Love how authentic the place is to Central American roots. The food is very different from the normal Latin American chains you see. 

Taquitos were an instant favorite, but I have now learned what a pupusa and tostada are and am in love. Recommend the bean pupusa even if you are a meat eater as I am. Churros are extremely IG friendly (you'll see!) and are homemade which makes them a ton better than the frozen ones everyone gets elsewhere.

For the sides, I recommend getting the cheesey, spicy rice with guacomole and the plantain chips with salsa. Corn on the cob has always been a favorite for me, so love the elote!
Gourmet Loop CHURROS- YES PLEASE!

On a recent trip to Philly, I decided to take a break from eating at Reading Terminal and stopped in at El Merkury. This place has great taquitos and churros! The chicken taquito filling was savory and was especially delicious when paired with the pickled onions. Even though the portions are relatively big, I could've eaten a second order of the chicken taquitos. But, I wanted to save room for their famous gourmet loop churros. I saw so many mouth-watering pictures of the churros that I made sure to save room. And, the churros did not disappoint. Rarely, do I find a fast-food restaurant that has an extensive dessert menu. The signature gourmet loop churros, which is served with vanilla ice cream, can be ordered with different toppings. I ordered the "Mayan Chocolate" (dark chocolate syrup, dusted with cacao powder and cacao nibs) and it was delicious. Not too sweet or too heavy, the churros had just the right amount of sugar and crisp- I probably could've eaten 10 more of just the churros! This was a great ice-cream treat to kickoff summer. 

I thought the overall experience was nice. The restaurant was clean and the employees that I interacted with were friendly and helpful. I also thought the touch-screen kiosk that was used to place my order was seamless and easy to use. I also experienced quick wait times for my food and was served promptly- within 10 minutes of placing my order. The prices were also very reasonable considering the central location. I would highly recommend this place for a quick lunch/dessert stop.
Enjoyed this place, nice service, quick service, tasty food, and not too expensive given the portions and area. 

If hungry totally worth a try!!!
I have been stalking El Merkury on Instagram for some time now. My apartment is outside of their delivery radius, but I finally had the opportunity to order from them a few months ago and have it delivered to my work. Since then, I have ordered delivery a few more times, and today I was finally able to visit the restaurant in person and order. 

Everything is always incredible, even if it's cold by the time you get home. The papusas are my favorite go to, and I would never skip the arroz con elote! I had my first ever churro sundae today and they are just as beautiful and life changingly delicious as they look. I might've even shed a tear or two. 

I have yet to have something disappointing from this restaurant! Everything is fresh, delicious, and clearly made with tons of care and love. Do not walk, run! Or get it delivered if you wanna stay home.
Everything here is bursting with flavor!  The tostadas were delicious.  I tried the pork and chicken.  She put just the right amount of toppings on each.  The elote was perfection.  Worth the walk over from the other side of Broad Street!
First, the food is gorgeous. Has to be said. It's very pretty. But moreover, it tastes amazing. So good, maybe life changing. Get churro. Get everything.
Order is taking forever and someone just complained about no guacamole when they paid $2.80 for it.  They don't appear committed to operating a retail restaurant.  And you can't order all menu items on the kiosks, what's the point of that?
Solid, excellent grub. I don't know what I ordered but it sure was good. It was a combo meal that's a very nice woman helped me with and brought it to my table. All I can say is muy bien
This is one of my favorite lunch/dinner places on the west side of center city. I'm so happy my work has moved me closer to the restaurant so I can come more often for lunch - and drag my coworkers along too! My go-to is their combo option so I can have a little bit of everything. Their side of Elote is so flavorful and can be quite spicy - be warned! My favorites of the mains are the chicken taquito and the black bean tostada. Wonderful crunch and flavor on both. Their churros are so fun; really any flavor choice will be a winner.
We got takeout here last minute on a Sunday night and they gave us amazing recommendations so we got to try a few different things on the menu. The grilled corn was super tasty, and the pupusas were sooo good. They also literally had the food ready in 10 minutes. We got the perfect amount of food for 2 people for around $20... an incredible deal for such fresh, authentic food. Also, the staff were super friendly. This will be in our regular rotation when we're too busy to cook. Can not recommend this highly enough!
Very good and unique. Haven't found another place like this in the city. Very easy and quick service. Very friendly with lots of recommendations. Would definitely recommend anyone to try this place at least once for dessert. I can't say much about the regular food since we did not try any.
Went here with my god sister and I forgot the name of what we ordered but, I was told that the icecream machine was down so, it would have been a 5 star if it did. 

So far, I think this is more of a dessert to share with someone due to the overload of sweetness but, would come back to try more of their flavors!
I had multiple items on the menu and all of them where so so good. I appreciated the fact that the food was seasoned very well, nothing bland about the food here. I churros were amazingly good , hot and crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. I highly recommend this place
Its food makes quarantine more bearable. Absolutely delicious every single time. I highly recommend El Merkury.
Slightly Americanized for my taste. But, being Central American myself, I can appreciate El Merkury'a presence in Philadelphia, finally something that tastes close to what I grew up eating! 

We ordered a little bit of everything. The meat used in the tostadas and the taquitos was delicious, but the pupusas were thicker than I would've liked, mucha masa. The curtido was also lacking, i would have liked more of it. I also don't like the lack of personal interaction, where I could have asked for it to be a little thinner or asked if it could be done more of a revuelta style or asked for more curtido. 

But will definitely be back for tostadas and taquitos (hopefully I can ask for curtido for the taquitos)
My favorite Central American restaurant in Philadelphia! The food is amazing, I've tried everything. The owner is so incredibly sweet and her passion shines through in the food and the decor. Everyone should eat at El Merkury you will not be dissapointed!!
Amazing food! Pupusas are fresh, flavory and juicy. Elotes are yummy. I haven't had the chance to try churros, but I'll come back to try them all!
Came in here for lunch with some colleagues.. we ordered on the little kiosks and sat at one of the tables. Our food came out.. but it wasn't all there. They had forgotten to bring chips/guac and seemed very confused as to what we were talking about even though it was on our orders. Of course the kiosk didn't provide a receipt so we couldn't verify that we had ordered it in writing. Good food.. just seems a little disorganized. I would go back for a quick lunch though, probably would get takeout.
This place is unbelievable. Like actually authentic which is a breath of fresh air in Philly sometimes. The tostadas are so good; especially the chicken. Also the churros are amazing; not like the " American" churros most people think of. Love that it is a woman ran business as well.
Gluten free!! Everything in the menu is gluten free except the Churros. I had the butternut squash taquito which was out of this world. The pork papusa, rice/fresco/corn side, and plantain chips. Insanely delicious food. Fast service and friendly staff. Also, budget friendly, my whole meal was $11. I'll be coming here again and again.
Amazing Central American food - cheesy rice with jalepeños (had to buy a quart - it was Just That Good), pupusa, taquitos and churros for a fabulous lunch. Good vegetarian options, sides of pickled onions, salsa, and pickled veggies. The pork filling, chicharron, knocks it out of the park. This place is a family favorite!
Finally got to try this place with a friend. I ordered the pupusa and tostada combo. I got a pork pupusa and a salpicon tostada with salsa, pickled beets, and refried beans. Both were delicious, but I definitely preferred the tostada which was a bit more flavorful for me. On the side, I got the cheese baked rice and guacamole. I didn't find the cheese baked rice to be particularly noteworthy. I was able to try the plantain chips, which were very good. So, I would recommend getting the chips over the rice as a side. Lastly, we finished with the original churro and one of the workers was nice enough to let us try all three dips, which we really appreciated. The cajeta dipping sauce made with goat milk was unique and was definitely our favorite. This was definitely the best churro I've ever had so definitely plan to get the churro if you come here.
I feel like this place flies under the radar at Reading Terminal Market. It's not like the rest of the vendors in Reading. This Latin American food is absolutely delicious. My husband and I got the nachos and pupusas. My husband said the nachos were the best nachos he's ever had! I highly recommend getting food from El Merkury, you won't regret it!!
Stopped here for lunch at Reading Terminal Market and it exceeded all my expectations. I was hoping to try this new restaurant but it didn't appear on RTM's online map and didn't want to walk to whole market before lunch. Their large sign caught my eye down one aisle. My SOP at a new restaurant is to ask staff what their favorite dish is and without hesitation she said the pork baleada. I'd like never had that before and loved the super thin wheat tortilla. The pork was delicious and balanced with the refried beans and fresh avocado. The spicy sauce was SO good and super spicy.  I had seen photos of their churros - made to order - and knew I had to try it. I picked the South Philly with goats milk caramel. The churro was hot and delicate. A little tricky to eat and there were no open tables close so stood on the edge of the aisle.  People walking by stopped to stare and I pointed across the aisle and they ordered churros so helped the store out. My next visit I'll try a  pupusa or tostada with jackfruit. Highly recommend!!
El Merkury is one of our favorite local spots. We've had the papusa, tostada, and doblada and they are all delicious! We also get the churros every time because they are amazing. The service has been great every time we've gone for both pickup and in-person dining. El Merkury has some outdoor seating up to 4 people / table with plenty of space between tables but we've also picked up and taken to the park nearby.
 
In an effort to call attention to COVID-safe outdoor dining done well and support local businesses, we have started an Instagram account @PhillyCovidDiningGuide showing the outdoor set ups! Check out my post on El Merkury and others here https://www.instagram.com/phillycoviddiningguide/
Delicious food and great service! I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for Latin cuisine in the city. We got the papusa and tostada combo with elote and plantain chips. Everything was great and the portion size was good! Make sure to get the churros as well :)
This place has a fantastic vibe. When the windows are open and you can feel the breeze outside it's a lovely place to sit and eat. The music is also great and plays at the perfect volume to hear and still have a conversation. The place is also very bright. The blue and yellow theme gives a fantastic vibe. I also love the paintings on the side wall (see pic) will terms. I love the experience of ordering on a tablet, especially since the staff are so willing to answer questions.

As for the food, the papusas are just lovely. They pack in the meat and toppings for both those and the tostada. The tostadas are also amazing, but I'd recommend eating those in because they could get soggy with takeout. The elote is also really good, I love the cilantro topping. The plantain chips with salsa are awesome too.

I always like to get the hibiscus, lemon cucumber, or tamarind water here, but they also make a great cappuccino! The hibiscus water is really good, not overly sweet. The lemon cucumber water is just sweet enough and has so much cucumber. The tamarind water takes me back to childhood, it's really good!

Now the churros are like next level. I love the spicy chocolate and the Mayan chocolate churros. The ice cream that comes with them is also to die for. The soft serve is so creamy, it's almost like gelato texture. The churros are crispy and so so good. I like to break off some churro and dip it in the ice cream.
I got the pupusas and the tostados. Get the chicken tostadas. They were mind blowing. Best and cheapest Mexican food I've ever had.
I have had El Merkury on my radar ever since they opened because churros are exciting. But last night I FINALLY gave them a try.

TL;DR: food wasn't totally my bag, but I'll probably be back to try other things and/or for churro sundaes. Also: plan to enjoy the food while you're there while it's hot and fresh!

Long version:

I scheduled an order for pickup at 6:45pm so I could grab it on my way home. Ordering through their website was easy enough. When I arrived, it wasn't clear where to go for pickup so I just kind of waited behind a couple that was ordering via a kiosk and eventually walked up to the service area to ask. I was a little early but my food was almost done -- great! It was decently busy inside on a Friday -- about 3 tables of folks enjoying food and the other couple ordering. That's always a good sign. My food was ready quickly and then I walked home to enjoy.

This was my failure. It's a 20 minute walk home, y'all. And it was 40 degrees.

By the time I got home, the golden fried doblado and the puffy pupusa were no longer hot and had lost any crispy texture there might have been (looking at you, doblado). Fail. So if you're looking to do takeout, keep your journey short or take a Lyft home or better yet just eat it there.

The flavors were pretty solid -- the pupusas (I got the bean and cheese ones) kind of reminded me of a Latin stuffed pita pocket. I liked the slaw and pickled onions. The spicy salsa wasn't too harsh for my weak self to stand. The shredded chicken in the doblado was flavorful as well, but at the end of the day -- I prefer empanadas to doblados. Sorryyyy. There was just a lot of BREAD happening in this meal and usually Latin food tends to be lighter on the carbs so it wasn't the vibe I was hoping for. Arguably this is also way too much food for one person and trying one dish would have been plenty but ... "when in Rome," right?

Glad I tried it though. Would not be opposed to trying it again (freshly hot) but probably would not seek them out either... I'll get the tostadas and street corn next time, or maybe try a pupusa that is freshly hot and add on some corn if that's a thing?

I had added on plantain chips which were perfectly salted, and also a churro with the dulce de leche dipping sauce, which -- again -- would have been better fresh but was exactly what I expected a churro to be otherwise.

All in all, I chalk my experience up to incorrect expectations (so much bread!) and the major user error in walking home with my meal in the cold... Flavors were good, just not my thing from a texture or overall experience perspective... At least not yet!
I ordered catering from here for a work happy hour. Sofia was great to work with. She took the time to chat with me on the phone, offered excellent suggestions and guided me in the right direction to fulfill our dietary needs. Delivery was on time and set up efficiently. She even made labels and a menu showing which items were vegetarian, etc. The pepian chicken dobladas and churros were my personal favorite but everything was delicious! All the employees loved it and even took some leftovers home. I would definitely recommend El Merkury to friends and hope to have a reason to order from them again soon.
