My friends and I returned to El Poquito for dinner last night and I was just as impressed by the food as I was during my previous visit. It was Tuesday, so there were plenty of taco Tuesday specials, and also a whole list of other specials as well. 

We started with some guac, tuna ceviche, brussel sprout tacos and fried jalapeños for sharing. I thought everything was really solid though I wasn't crazy about the tuna ceviche. The fried jalapeños were absolutely addictive, however. 

All four of our crew decided to get salads for the main course. I had the avocado salad and asked for the avocado dressing and also the shallot vinaigrette on the side. My salad arrived without any dressings but the food runner brought them right over when I asked, along with something one of my friends needed. My salad was delicious and all of the ingredients were so fresh (the shallot vinaigrette was great!). 

The reason I had to pull a star is because our server barely stopped anytime she came to our table. I was sitting on the end of the booth so I was able to ask for a refill of my club soda, but my other friend never got a chance to ask for a second margarita. The restaurant was busy but we got more face time with our food runner than we did with our server, after placing our initial order. 

Nonetheless, I still think El Poquito is great and I'd be there all the time if I lived in the area.
I was feeling like I needed something a lil different tonight so while sipping a large Margaritas..because I plan my meals around my alcohol choices (don't judge me...lol) I decided to have a Mexican food...one of my fav places is El Poquito!

This is a COVID-19 review...I ordered and had delivery done by Caviar!  The food was packaged with care and I was pleased to have my side sauces included as well!

I decided to dine with real plates and treat myself like I was actually dining out!  

Keep up the good work El Poquito and I can't wait to have your Margaritas and Tacos when you open up after the quarantine.
#yelpsbignightin
I attended a surprise birthday party for one of my favorite girls on Friday night, and El Poquito did an amazing job as the host!

Prior to my visit, I was unfamiliar with this restaurant. I don't get to Chestnut Hill very often, which is unfortunate since it's such a cute neighborhood! We found street parking a couple blocks away, on one of the side streets. We entered and were led to a private side room which hosted about thirty people. The decor is cozy and comfortable. We mingled as we waited for the birthday girl to arrive, and servers were constantly coming around to take drink orders or take away empty glasses. 

The margaritas were excellent! They were just slightly sweet and packed a punch - just the way I like them! After the big surprise, we were seated and had three courses, served family-style. I loved the chips and guac and shrimp ceviche, and the tacos and enchiladas from the second course were all very good. I was way too stuffed for dessert.

Overall, I was very impressed with El Poquito and would even go out of my way to have dinner there again. Next time, we're taking the train so my husband doesn't get stuck driving when I once again pull the I'll-drive-tonight-just-kidding card once we're already out.
I live near this restaurant and was very excited to have a new place to try --and, hopefully frequent.  But, I was left feeling a bit disappointed after having visited it. 

The food is ok.  Nothing special. Prices are high, portions are small.  It seems the menu has no real focus or anything really interesting going for it. 

You wouldn't know you were in a Mexican restaurant by sitting in this place.  I understand minimalistic and understated decors, but c'mon folks--how about a little decoration of some sort!  Very boring space, reminds me of the last two businesses that were here and failed.  The current owners spent so long and what seems like a lot of money redoing this place to have it look 90% the same as it did before.  Yes, the ceiling of repurposed Amish beams is nice, but it looks like Restoration Hardware, not a Mexican restaurant.

The story of El Poquito is very interesting, but I had to read about it online and through my own research!  How about including some fun facts on the menu about it, and perhaps some interesting tidbits of info on the food and its ingredients, history, origin in Mexican cuisine, the restaurant's and the chef's personal twist on its preparation, etc?

It's just your usual Mexican fare here: tacos, fajitas, tortilla soup--, without any real twist or changes--for high prices.  I can get better and cheaper Mexican in almost any restaurant in the area.  You need to try something new, folks!  It may be the location and the building, too. It seems to have bad feng shui, no business lasts long here, and I, unfortunately, predict the same fate for this new business.

Oh, and the margaritas are tiny and cost $9. They were good, but in two gulps mine was gone.  And, I am always a little leery of Mexican restaurants that don't plunk down a bowl of tortilla chips and salsa as soon as I sit down (this is done in 99% of Mexican restaurants in Mexico).   With the price of those margaritas, you could afford a few tortilla chips to munch on while scanning this very limited and unimaginative menu.  

Sorry.  I really wanted this place to be good.  I really did.  I don't think I will be returning.
I've been eyeballin' this place for quite some time and am thrilled to report that it was worth all the oglin'! I can't remember what it was before, but I just remember it being a li'l too underwhelming to warrant return visits. Happily, that's not the case with El Poquito: Terrific atmosphere, super sweet, swift service, very tasty eats and a wonderfully tequila-laden beverage selection.

My friend and I shared a bountiful scoop of mega fresh, perfectly chunky 'n smooth guac. We each dined on chicken rice burrito bowls, which had me singin' serious notes of BYE CHIPOTLE . I don't know what kind of rice was in that bowl, but it was so delightfully fluffy and flavorful. As a dish, all of the flavors of the grilled chicken, the black beans, the queso and salsa melded together to create a really warm depth of flavor, and the portion was perfect. 

Try their seasonal margaritas fuh sho! Right about now they have 2 | the blood orange : tastefully tart :: the blackberry : sublimely sippable. The decor is a very inviting mix of rustic, a li'l funky and a li'l upscale, and it's one of a few places I've visited recently that had a volume level that didn't require constant yelling and the cupping of the ears to hear.

They do take reservations, but we went on a Sunday evening at around 7 and were seated immediately. It's lovely having a dependably delicious, reasonably priced Mexican establishment so close to home. If you're in Chestnut Hill, check it out!
The category is... taquería baja Mexico. Nom nom nom. Scores please!  10! 10! 10! 10! 10! Yaaaassss! El Poquito is the mother of all taquerías!!! Congratulations. #praytellem

The food is amazing! The staff all deserve a raise and as many hours as they want. 
Get the tacos and ask them to grill the soft tortilla. You'll thank me. 
We came with a large group and were able to try un poco de todo. Everyone was blown away!
I can't wait to do it all over again.
What a great restaurant for Mexican food. I came here in the winter and only got to eat inside but I'm excited to come back and get to try their outs seating area. It looks gorgeous. 

We all ordered different margaritas and and shared them, so I got to try a couple of the flavors they're offering. All of them were delicious, not sweet and syrupy, and definitely not watered down. 

We all also ordered a portion of the guacamole to share. Not the best guacamole I've had in Philly but still really fresh and good. I definitely liked it more than the salsa. 

I ordered the chicken tacos (you get three tacos with your order). Personally I thought there was too much of a cilantro tase, but if you love that, then these will be great for you. 

Service was great, staff was friendly and the food came out quickly.
First impression is a beautiful, cool, funky space.  My two friends and I were here for a Saturday night dinner and the place was full and candlelit.  Everything was perfect until the waiter came to our table.  Everything went downhill from there.  First of all, the earnest, friendly waiter (who kept calling me "my dear" even though I am old enough to be his Mom), was clueless about Mexican food.  Odd, huh?  Couldn't pronounce the Spanish names correctly.  We got drinks and about five small plates.  The guacamole was tasteless and the salsa (which cost $6!) was not special and not made from fresh or tasty tomatoes.  There was a small dish of smoked onion dip that was overly salty but tasty, yet there wasn't enough salt in the guacamole or salsa, so we mixed them up.   My friend's margarita was good...at least the bartender was on the ball.  We got three different taco meals (3 small tacos to each meal) and a ceviche, along with the three dips and chips.  The fish tacos were so unspectacular they wouldn't' rival a self-respecting Philly food truck.  We ordered the most expensive crevice, with yellow fin (I think it was $13).  When I say it was small, I think we each had one bite each.  No kidding. People at the next table asked to be moved because the funky red metal chairs were so uncomfortable.  The place is trying hard to be so cool, but it better get its food act together quickly or it will be out of business in six months.  The only way I'd go back would be for drinks.  My share of the bill, $50, which included two Brooklyn lager drafts, left me hungry and unsatisfied.
El Poquito is a new Mexican restaurant in Chestnut Hill which previously had no Mexican restaurants.  It is good that they don't have nearby competition because this cantina is most definitely on the average plateau.  The positives are that it looks good and that it has a large outdoor eating area. The minuses are that I found the bar service not very pleasant (and usually it is very easy to please me as you can see from all my reviews.)  The tacos were okay - nothing to write home about.  I had both the ground beef and the chorizo varieties being specially served at the bar that day..  Hot sauce which you have to ask for helped a bit as the food here was very, very mild. In a city with several superior Mexican dining options, I doubt if I head back to El Poquito any time soon.
This place is extraordinary overpriced, with unprofessional, and downright snotty wait staff. Their food is paltry and the menu design showed ignorance for the way they listed items. Waitstaff are pretentious & I will tell everyone I know not to go there.

We dined at El Poquito a few weeks ago because we were having a concert in the area. I asked for recommendations from Main Liners and so we went with it and had dinner. Although we had made reservations for 9pm we finished early and arrived at the place at 815pm. We almost were not accommodated since it seemed every table was occupied until the hostess returned and led us to a two top table. It was very noisy and a bit dark but I liked the environment as it was a little rustic. 

This restaurant is labeled as a Mexican restaurant with bar. The menu looked intriguing and delicious so we decided to start with one of the salsas listed. We assumed that all the salsas were tomato based so we chose the French Onion thinking it was just more onion-based only to find out it was LIKE a FRENCH ONION DIP. It was overwhelmingly disappointing especially since we were expecting a salsa. We told our waiter, Andy, about our shock, and he started telling us that salsas are all different, really talking down to us as though we were not educated about Mexican food and salsa. HELLO, I am Mexican and salsas are traditionally salsa based. 

We then were told that we could chose from the green or red salsa since, AS OUR WAITER, told us, were the traditional salsas, thinking they are like every table salsa. Um. We ordered the red salsa and it was SUPER hot. We ordered it with chips and it was basically inedible. In Mexico, that salsa would be used as a condiment to add to tacos, not with chips. We basically wasted 4.00 on salsa that we did not eat. I noticed TODAY that the particular salsa is not being offered. Hmm I wonder why.

We ordered from the bar- a blood orange margarita. It was very pleasant and fresh. When I went to order a traditional one, I asked our waiter to hold the ice a bit because i preferred that. He then retorted that I was still getting the SAME amount of liquor and mix EVEN without any ice. WHO TELLS A PATRON that??? Did he think I was trying to trick someone to give me more alcohol by limiting my ice. Seriously. It was so unprofessional and patronizing. My husband and I were very irritated by the service.

Entree time. We both ordered tacos. Mine were the Veracruz with grilled cod. I like the presentation and the fish was delicious with all the toppings. My husband got the Carne Asada Tacos with barely ONE strip of meat. For $15 these tacos were basically like SMALL PLATES or TAPAS. I guess if we were paying for the presentation and ambience, the 3 tacos were not $15 worth of tacos. This is expensive Mexican food for idiots who do not know better. 

GO to El Limon for a truly traditional Mexican fare. Mexican food is simply not the same as in Texas or even Mexico itself.

The only redeeming food item we truly enjoyed was the side of fried plantains. If we had not ordered that we would have still been hungry. There is not indication that sides are required for any dish and even for the pricier items like the enchiladas and fajitas, the portions were still atrociously small.
Let me get to the point. The bar at the El Poquito is disgusting. I sat near the area where bartenders make mixed drinks. And I saw something very disturbing.  First, a garbage can is standing next to the ice chest. Second, all sorts of liquid gets drop into the ice chest while and after bartender makes a drink. I wish I could capture it with a camera. Third, both male and female bartenders worked that night used glass to scoop ice and served a customer with the same glass. Typically, bartenders use an ice scooper, but not these two. I wonder if how they pass the health inspection based on what I observed. The food might be good, but I would not dare to drink anything from the bar unless they are in cans or bottles.
As a transplanted Texan who lives just a few blocks from this new Mexican restaurant I was hoping maybe a Garces team member would build on Distrito, make it better, and finally give people in Philly a place like you find all over Austin. That wasn't really he goal here, as it's not Tex-Mex (why hasn't anyone done this yet, though? El Vez, El Rey, Las Cazuela's and some taco trucks around town are ok and come close, but I'm still waiting for the real thing). First bad impression here and above: they charge for chips and salsa. What?! That never happens in any Mexican place (modest or fancy) in Texas. I inquired and was told it's because the ingredients are all fresh and locally grown and otherwise people would just sit at the bar and eat chips all day. Guess what? Maybe so, but they'd also keep buying drinks. Chips and salsa need to be free and plentiful, with waitstaff checking to see when your bowl needs to be replenished. I'm told they may rethink this policy as they've only been open two months, so we'll see. Second pet peeve: no queso on the menu to go with chips and salsa, only fundido which no one likes--please replace with queso (not Velveeta and Rotel's, but homemade authentic queso), which everyone loves. Third problem: the corn tortillas (which are very tasty and homemade) are the size of tiny silver dollar pancakes, not full size. Same thing at Distrito: cute but leaves you still feeling hungry. Drinks: nice draft beer selection and excellent tequila and mezcal (but very, very pricey--this is a neighborhood joint, not Village Whiskey!) and only one kind of margarita (triple sec is only cordial mixer used--no grand marnier or Cointreau? And no choices for which tequila in margarita?). Food: despite the diminutive portions (I guess this is why it's called Poquito, or little), the food is very flavorful and fresh (but 32.00 for skirt steak tacos?? Crazy! Even if it might be enough for two). A simple taco like that is my baseline for judging a place, along with their chips, salsa, etc (see above). Other menu items were reasonable but I'd rethink the tacos al carbon section. Kids menu was very reasonably priced but only comes with the chosen entree and no sides (my son's taco meat was cold but was promptly reheated). The food is very tasty, however, but since I live so close and would come here often if they tweaked a few things, I hope my constructive criticism will be heard! :)
Here are some words to describle El Poquito: cute, spacious, yummy, twinkly.

This place is pretty darn big on the inside and the outside, it has a great bar, and the food was right on point.

I got some chips and guac, and the guac was perfect. I can only handle a little bit of cilantro, and I was happy when the guac was perfectly balanced.

The corn on the cob? RIDICULOUS! Take a look at the pictures. It's so good.

The rice bowl was huge. The carnitas were crispy and full of flavor.

I could totally sit on the deck of this place and eat myself to fullness and drink myself to drunkenness.
Food is solid and margaritas are delicious. 

None food-related note:
They bill themselves as a family-friendly restaurant, but there isn't a changing table in the men's room. My husband had to stand up toddler on floor to change him. Awkward. Welcome to 2015 El Poquito, men change diapers too. Please install one asap in the men's room. Thanks.
We ate last night at El Poquito.  Although we really wanted to like it, we won't be back.  
PROS:  Great service, cool decor.  The service was excellent and quite timely.  We were in the side room, and the noise level was fine, not too loud.
CONS:  Our main problem was the price charged for the quantity of food served.  Our $11 nachos were a pretty small portion.  For $14, my husband got two very small enchiladas, nothing on the side at all.  My chicken tacos were luke warm, and were only so-so.  I am all for small portions, but please charge accordingly!  And at these high prices for quantity served, please provide free chips and salsa!!
My beau and I stopped in here on a late Sunday afternoon,after walking right past it earlier without realizing that it was a restaurant due to the almost unreadable sign hanging out front.

Small,overpriced portions served in an annoyingly small cast iron dish instead of a plate that leaves you no where to rest your knife and fork.

We each ordered quesadillas (verde and chicken $10 and $14). Each dish was 2 meager quesadillas w/o any rice,beans or even a bit of green salad. Most Mexican places throw this stuff in for free because it's cheap for them and diners like getting it.

I also agree with the reviewer who mentioned no chips & salsa offered when you sit down...it just seems cheap of them. If they are trying to be upscale Mexican, that's a nut that will be hard to crack,as most of us expect to pay a moderate amount of $ for plenty of food,when it comes to Mexican cuisine.

Hopefully, they'll rethink the portion sizes and get some real plates.....
I'm struggling with this review because I have been here multiple times and I'm just very very disappointed in this last time I came. 

So I want to start off by saying I've been here easily 4 times before. I discovered it one day with my mother and have brought a friend to it and he in turn loved it so much he has brought people to this establishment. It's actually become our special place. 

So when he decided to take me for a birthday dinner it was almost a no brained to go to this place. I can't really say that the food is out of this world or that the drinks are crazy good but the vibe is right. A nice warm night, sit outside under the lights. It's a lovely aesthetic. 

This particular night was the first warm night we have had in months. So everyone was out. Including us for my birthday dinner. There was a wait but the host said that they would text us when it was time for us to be seated. Maybe it was a 20 min wait. Not bad at all. We go and we are seated and then we wait....and another family of 5 and seated and we wait....and then another couple is seated and we wait. Then I notice after easily 20 mins of waiting while seated that the group seated right before us, and the two groups seated AFTER us have been at least greeted with drinks and even the family of 5 with guac and chips. (How sway?)

Now I totally understand that it was a busy night. But don't waiters have sections? Who was our waiter? So finally it gets ridiculous and we waive down a woman (presumably the manager because she wasn't in the uniform) and ask her for our waiter because literally everyone around us has been tended to. 

She comes over and to her credit after apologizing and giving us the "new staff" excuse, she asks if we want drinks (but we are ready to order cuz....) so we order our drinks in our food. TO HER CREDIT: the drinks and food come out fairly quickly! She comes back after we have been done for about 15 mins and she asks if we are all done and if we want dessert. Absolutely not. It took too long for everything else. So we are like we are good. We would like the extra guac and chips packaged up. She comes with a bag and containers with the food and we are set. 

NOW normal people would also have a check with this stuff. She says have a great night and leaves. We think we will get the check. This was around 8.....8:15 comes. We are chillin but waiting for the check. Finally 8:30 comes up and my friend is like yo I'm gonna go to the bar and see what's going on because at this point most of the patrons have gone and the waitstaff is nowhere to be found outside. He goes inside asks for her (cuz honestly she must have taken a break) and she comes back, no apology. Smiles and puts down the check. 

The lesson we learned that day was to never come on a warm night at peak dinner time. I don't know what the deal was but we had ok food for a lot of money and a lot of waiting. Not going to lie i tipped horribly because I didn't even want to tip. When you tip its to say hey, I know you waiters are poor and you really did do a great job at helping feed me. But since 0 waiters came to us, we had to flag down a person and then SHE forgot about us at then end....


This is not a place I want to really do dinner at again. There are too many amazing places in philly to waste my time and money (and birthday) at a place that hardly acknowledged us.

I gave it 3 starts for the previous good memories had here.
We love Mexican food. We have been to El Poquito before and liked it, unfortunately it has gone way down hill; from service to food they are resting on their laurels. The servers couldn't be less interested in the patrons and the food is pretty much slop. It's not even worth sending back. The food was just really poor from start to finish. 

The best part about the place was leaving.  Honestly if they don't address the waitstaff and the food now they won't make it through the summer. 

One of the worst meals I ever had.
Wow.  First off, food was 3-4 stars (if everything had been hot).  Service was -3 stars.  Wednesday night, 2 1/4+ hours for dinner.  Nearly 25 minutes from the time we ordered dessert (2 orders churros) until they were brought.  Local beer - Round Guys - $6.50 for a 12oz. pilsner glass - and a weak pour as well with 1" of foam.  Luckily kids food was brought first - then 15 minutes for 3 adults and one of the sets of tacos was cold.  I'm not faulting the server entirely - she was running around, bussing tables and bringing food - though the cold entree was probably on the food delivery side.  I think they've been open about a month now but obviously still some major kinks to work out.  We might give this one more try, but then again - with Cantina Feliz close - we might not.  No WiFi and cell service is pretty poor along the avenue - didn't help with the long waits.

--- UPDATE - I thought they'd been open for a month - turns out they only opened 5 or 6 days prior to our visit - updated review to 2 stars and will try again and update accordingly.
Had dinner here for the first time about a month ago. The interior was completely redone from how it looked before as Chestnut 7. The decor is nice but it was very dark and I thought they are trying too hard to create ambiance. The chairs are metal and uncomfortable. It is also really loud inside. Probably because they put a lot of tables real close together, and a lot of people's conversations bouncing off the hard wood interior. Now, on to the drinks/food. I ordered a margarita up with salt. The drink was good but didn't fill the whole glass. If it was in a smaller glass, it wouldn't bother me as much but it looked like I got ripped off. We had to wait a while for our drinks and for water refills. Which is weird considering there were 4-5 different people waiting on our table. Still not sure which one of them was our waitress. Anyway, my husband and I ordered the mushroom tacos because we are vegetarian it was one of two options. The mushrooms came out atop a bed of roasted scallions. I don't know if that was part of the presentation or part of the meal. Also, there weren't any fixings for the tacos. It was tortillas and some cream sauces that we had requested not to bring because we don't eat dairy. The mushrooms were very salty. Really salty. Then I found a fishbone in my mushrooms. It was awful. The owner came out and apologized and tried to tell me it was hay from the mushroom shipment. I eat plants day in and day out, I can guess what happens to hay when you saute it in oil and mushrooms. He took my meal off the bill thank goodness because it was pricey for what was served. Our friends got tacos and their portions were so small. Not worth the $20 or so price tag. They could've been appetizers. All I know is that I wanted to like this place because it has a great location and decent vibe, but the food is terrible and the prices too high. Maybe it'll change in the summer when the deck opens or maybe when get a new chef and new menu.
The decor is lovely and the servers very friendly, but the food takes FOREVER to come out, including NACHOs.  Our order of nachos was put in before we ordered anything else and did not come out before our appetizers.

The tortilla soup was not that flavorful and the taco meals are incredibly small.

I love local, authentic Mexican food.  Honestly, though, Uncle Julio's in the Plymouth Meeting Mall has better guacamole and much faster service.
It seems like the Yelp reviews on El Poquito are mixed, but I rather liked it. We started off with hiramasa ceviche and liked it very much. Everything tasted fresh and I enjoyed how it tasted light and bright to start the meal. I thought it was a little on the pricey side for the portion and I could have probably eaten a whole order, but my husband an d I split it that night. My husband had an order of the tacos de baja and I had the enchiladas de costillas (which the server seemed pleased about and endorsed my choice as a great one). Everything came out hot and presented in what I would call a rustic chic manner. I didn't try my husband's baja tacos, but the short rib in my enchiladas was tender and flavorful. I probably shouldn't have eaten the whole thing (it was a substantial though not a huge portion), but it was super tasty. We had also ordered some chips and pico, so given that and the ceviche, and my meal, I had a nice little waddle going by the time we finished our meal and walked back to the car.

My husband was impressed with the tequila menu and I enjoyed my margaritas. I also have to say the service we received that night was excellent even though it was very busy. I saw that another reviewer noted that the place was really loud, but I didn't think it was excessively so. If I try to recall, I would say that it was a little noisy, but the volume of the place wasn't something that stuck out to me on the night of our experience (and it's something I've definitely been bothered by at other restaurants in the past). I'd like to go back to see of our positive experience there is consistent on a second visit!!
Came for brunch and am now really confused by these positive reviews. My guess is reviewers have never had delicious Mexican food before. BUT maybe I should have ordered something different because what I got actually made me angry. 
Came for the first time with my dear friend from out of town. I feel sad now that I chose someplace where the food was not delicious. My mimosa tasted weird as if the champagne or prosecco was a bad match for the orange juice. The good thing is they give you plenty to drink. I ordered huevos rancheros and I've never been more disappointed in a meal. I almost sent it back but didn't want to be rude in front of my friend. 
The atmosphere was nice. I remember when that restaurant used to be different. I can't even say it will be worth it for me to try something else the next time I visit. It was that bad.
The service was friendly and accommodating though.
I really wanted to love this place. It's SO cute and the people are very nice but the food was just ok. We went for Sunday brunch and sat outside. The outdoor area is adorable - there is plenty of space in the shade and some in the sun and the table settings are cute shabby chic style. There are lights hung from the awning which makes for a really cute nighttime scene too. We ordered a mix of breakfast and lunch and had a mimosa and a Bloody Mary. The drinks were good. The empanadas were very good too but they were not made traditional way, but I didn't mind that. The breakfast was just ok. They used a ton of butter on the eggs which was unnecessary and then everything else was over seasoned. It was edible but disappointing. Service and ambiance was a 5, but the food which is most important was a 3 at best.
Came here for lunch in Chestnut Hill on Father's Day. We didn't have a reservation and were told the outside patio was full, but had no problem getting a seat inside in a huge booth. The inside was very spacious with a lot of wood used in their design concept. The large bar in the centered added a nice focal point and additional seating for singles or couples.

We all decided to get a drink. I got a Margarita Gose by a local brewer, while the others got Sangria, margarita, and old fashioned cocktails. All were enjoyed. 

You don't get free chips and salsa here, so we ordered some Queso Dip (chipotle queso topped with pico de gallo and served with chips). Immediately upon sitting the appetizer on our table I noticed the glaring unequal distribution of Queso to chips. The bowl of Queso, while tasty, was quite small. It was very quickly consumed by a table of four, with us scrapping the sides of the bowl trying to get a little more on the many remaining chips. The Queso size needs to be reevaluated for its cost.  

For entrees, we ordered a set of 3 tacos as did our friends. They almost always get the Nashville hot chicken tacos (Valentina honey hot sauce, ranch, pickles, flour tortilla) and did again today. I tried a bite and they were good. Not too hot, but enough kick.  

We ordered the Korean Steak tacos (flank steak, bulgogi marinade, avocado, red chili sesame, corn tortilla) as they sounded so good on paper, but did not deliver in actuality. All you tasted was hot from the red chili sesame. All of the other flavor profiles were just lost. I don't know if the bulgogi marinade was forgotten or what on the steak or the chili was just that heavy handed, but you could not taste it. The tacos were one note and quite disappointing. My husband took a couple bites and just couldn't deal with the heat, so he discarded his dish and ate my enchiladas instead.

Speaking of the Enchiladas (3 chicken tinga enchiladas, choice of sauce (verde or roja), poblano rajas, onion, queso mixto, crema, pico de gallo, and black beans and rice). I selected the verde and was happy with the look of my plate when presented. It was a nice sized portion as far as the enchiladas and sides. The enchiladas themselves were good, nothing out of this world, but tasty. Really liked the crema and other toppings, chicken tinga was solid. The one downside to this dish was the rice was very dried out, but the beans were creamy and well seasoned.  

Thank God for the Churros (fried dough, cinnamon, and chocolate sauce) as they were absolutely the meal highlight. Perfectly fried and I liked both of the dipping sauces very much. They are made fresh so have to order them earlier in the meal, but worth the wait. Make sure you leave room to order these! Delicious. 

In general I thinking they were having a bad day, it may have been due to the Father's Day rush or just still trying getting their groove back from opening post COVID, but whatever the reason their food suffered.
Came here for the Harry Potter festival with a couple of friends. This restaurant obviously participated in the festival. Although they did not go all out on decorating, I appreciated the waitresses making an effort to keep the theme going in their outfits. 

Anywho, we got the guacamole, atun (tuna ceviche), carnitas tacos (it came with 3), plantanos, and lots of margaritas! Everything was delicious! They had a special menu for the festival and my friends got their specialty drinks- they were unique and yummy! 

We had the option of sitting outside located on the side of the restaurant which was adorably decorated with lights. If the weather permits, you must sit outside! I would definitely come back to try some other things on the menu. By the end of our meal, we were too stuffed to eating anything more.
Decent Mexican food in a spacious, casual but sophisticated atmosphere. Service was fast, polite, and efficient. Prices were a little high. 

We ordered the guacamole and chips, fried plantains, carnitas tacos, and Baja fish tacos.  Guacamole had a bit too much lime for my tastes, overpowering the creamy avocado flavor, but was still tasty. I also didn't care for the one tortilla per taco, they are small and pretty thin tortillas and could get messy. Fish tacos had a cornmeal breading, which made the fish dense but the spices were on point and the flavor was there. Carnitas had nice crispy edges and the pickled red onion gave a nice counterpoint. I still prefer Buena Onda for seafood tacos, but I'd try this place again for some of the more creative flavors offered - Korean BBQ short rib and Banh Mi pork flavors sounded interesting. 

Plantains were my favorite. Caramelized crispy edges of sweet plantains, sprinkled with slightly salty queso fresco, a crumbly Mexican cheese. Just a dab of Mexican crema to make it creamy. 

Nice beer selection - Dogfish Head Festina Peche was the seasonal on tap, they also had Dale's Pale Ale. Bell's Two Hearted and SixPoint Sweet Action were also on the draft list. I regret not trying the Watermelon Basil margarita that was on special. Also many tequilas, including flights, mescal, and other cocktails available.

We'll be back.
I really like the ambiance and the food. appetizers are great, food is authentic. services was good and when I left my credit card they still had it the next day. Looking forward to see how their outside service will fare in the spring

i withheld a start for their nickel/diming approach, chips/salsa and many other things are additional $ where as in similar restaurants they are included
Positives: Great atmosphere, especially the outside seating. Really great margaritas and guac! I would go back, but only for outdoor happy hour. They have started a taco Tuesday special which helps with my below complaints. 

Negatives: unfortunately this place falls short for me, the reality is you can get really tasty way cheaper Mexican food all over the place and El Poquito is just over priced for what the food actually is. They charge for chips and salsa. The drinks are very expensive for what you get. The tacos are mediocre at best and the menu seems fairly limited. They would do well to have better specials.

Disclaimer: I am totally not opposed to paying extra $$$ for great food, this just isn't it.
Located in lovely Mt Airy which holds much love and fond memories for me since we once lived in Philadelphia. 

On a balmy summer night, it was with friends that we decided to dine at El Poquito. 

We were seated outside, cocktails and food items offered, fireflies overhead, we enjoyed joyous convo and food, I found El Poquito to be a jocund location. 

Will return someday.
I have been a caterer, owned a catering business, been a server and a bartender, so I always tip very well. Today, after eating at El Poquito for the first and last time, I did something I have never done before. 

I left no tip. 

None. Zero. 

Read on, please.

My vegetarian friend DM and I went for a long drive to Doylestown to visit Peace Valley Lavender Farm (do yourself a favor-don't bother) and planned to eat close by at the well reviewed Indian restaurant, Cross Culture. Unfortunately they were closed so we headed back to civilization and Northwest Philadelphia. We were discussing our late lunch/early dinner dining options when I remembered my retired friend telling me that she and her wife had recently eaten at the new Mexican place on Germantown Avenue and suggested to DM that we give it a whirl. I treated because she drove so much today.

El Poquito has indoor and outdoor dining. DM likes to be in air conditioned splendor, so we opted for eating inside. We were seated right away and our server, Ruth, an unsmiling individual with a snide attitude and a permanent sneer, gave us menus (including a brunch menu-for what reason?) and took our drink and appetizer orders. DM is sober so she had a club soda and I had a margarita on the rocks. Our guacamole came. Nothing special for $10. Chips were fresh but not warm. Our drinks did not arrive. We nibbled and talked and when the guac was just about gone, my drink finally came. It tasted fine but was filled to the very rim in a wet glass and the bar used table salt rather than coarse salt on the rim. What the hell?! 

We ordered our entrees and when I opted for 4 banh mi street tacos (having not eaten at all since I woke up at 8 a.m.) instead of 3 (the menu listed both sizes), I got another poisonous look from Ruth. Since the menu listed a 3 or 4 taco serving, I did not understand the nasty look, especially since she was not going to have to assemble the food. DM ordered brussels sprouts tacos and a side of plantains. Our tacos came. They were okay. Nothing stellar and I am still at a loss to say what made mine 'bahn mi' as opposed to plain old shredded pork. There was nothing vaguely Korean let alone Asian about these babies. The tacos were not bad in any way, but not flavorful, either. Just protein in corn tortillas. Note, too, that there are no salsas, condiments or anything along those lines on the tables or accompanying the food for personalization or perking up lackluster dishes. DM enjoyed her tacos, but she is very easy to please. The tacos are served in ugly metal holders that look like something you would see in an institutional kitchen. 

Ruth perfunctorily checked in with us as we were finishing and DM asked about her plantains. She got a 'my bad' expression from Ruth, who admitted that she had forgotten to place the plantian order. We sat for a long time staring at our dirty dishes and I finally waved someone over (not Ruth, who had long ago vanished) so I could order another margarita and have the table cleared. DM asked for a club soda refill, too. Time passed. Glacially. A different server brought my drink, again in a very wet, over filled glass, with a rim just half salted with (once again) table salt. A third server brought DM's long delayed plantain side which she enjoyed, calling it her dessert. 

And we sat. And sat. And sat. Fortunately, we enjoy each other's company so we talked as we sat. I finally caught someone's eye and said we were interested in dessert. The woman was angry that I 'bothered' hrso she asked another server, in a very aggrieved tone, if s/he would give us menus. And we sat some more until Ruth re-appeared and took our dessert order. That came fairly quickly and she did check in once, asking (but not caring) if I liked the tres leches cake. It was just okay and it was garnished on 2 corners with some kind of yellow slush that could have been apple sauce. Never seen that on tres leches cake and I did not eat what ever it was.

Dinner was finally over and we played the sitting and waiting game again. I finally took out my credit card and let it sit prominently on the table. A server I had not seen before asked if he could take my card. He brought the tab over for me to sign and left. The meal was expensive (nearly $85), but the tab seemed just a bit higher than I expected, so I reviewed it. I was charged for 3 margaritas. I tried to catch someone's eye-no dice. I looked around for a server or the hostess. No one was around. I sat. I stood. I was pissed. After an ordeal of 3 hours for a simple meal for 2, then being over charged and not being able to discuss it, I left no tip and a note on the check stating I had not ordered 3 margaritas, I'd ordered 2 and Ruth could count that extra charge as her tip. 

Now I wish I had read the reviews before we wasted our time and my money here. If we had, I would have urged DM to drive to Lucky's Last Chance for good service, good drinks and honest, good food. 

Lesson learned.
Dined outdoors during COVID in autumn. This place had a really charming outdoor dining atmosphere, which is what drew me.  String lights, a lot of space, ample hub ub, welcoming vibes.

The food, while not bad, was very unmemorable. We ordered sangria, fried sweet plantains, and chips/salsa.

The salsa was pretty bland, and oddly smooth, near tomato sauce.  Sangria felt lacking in flavor. The plantains were just fine. 
The price point is higher because of the area, I presume, which added to the disappointment. 

Maybe we ordered the wrong things.  If I was in the area, I may give it another chance for the atmosphere. 

*Not affecting my rating, but everything served was in disposable containers. I understand this as a COVID measure and some of you may welcome this safety gesture, but it did detract from our dining experience thinking about the massive amounts of waste being generated.
Really really disappointing.  Service was very poor - big kitchen delays.   Also, I made a simple request of the waitress that there be 'no cilantro' on my tacos. Plate came smothered in the green leafy crap and the waitress had the gaul to tell me ' that's not cilantro, it's parsley!  

I sent it back, and 20 minutes later when the rest of my family finished the meal- the replacements still did not arrive.  

Great setting, but the good and the service weren't even marginal.  Best seat is on the sidewalk w takeout from someplace else 

Don't waste your money or time
A little thrown by earlier negative reviews. Went without a reservation at 6 pm on a Saturday night and they graciously squeezed us in (party of 4). We had two kids, and they clearly had us in the "family section," which I appreciate, but a few non-family diners did not. The drinks were pitch perfect -- not too sweet, and the food was great! Really appreciated the existence of a kids menu as well as sides options.

Adults had:
-blood orange margaritas (pitch perfect)
-guac & chips (pricey but generously portioned)
-brussel sprouts tacos (4) - very tasty!
-tuna ceviche -- very yummy!

Kids had:
-juice (one portion split in two)
-kids chicken taco
-kids hot dog
-kids fruit cup

We got churros for dessert that were expertly fried and very tasty.

At this point, I'm just lusting after the outdoor space and can't wait to replicate things outdoors!
I love Mexican food and the food here was great, but there were so many things that made my experience kinda suck.

The portions are SMALL and the prices are HIGH. I understand it's chestnut hill, but mexican food is cheap to make and there's no need to charge upwards of $20 for 2 fajitas. The drinks were expensive too! I spent $25 on two drinks at the bar.

Also, our server was extremely pushy! When we ordered a guacamole for the table, he interjected and said "So two for each side then". We had to tell him no. Also, when he dropped the check he "reminded" us that gratuity wasn't included... UGH

I spent about $45 on a salad and two drinks.
Is there less than 1 star?  Being ignored by the wait staff and sitting for more than 30 mins. As they glanced at us & walked by!!
Never again
I really have to agree with the other reviews about the chips and salsa. It feels a bit chincy to not have that automatically brought to the table. El Poquito peeps, if you're reading this, you really should bring these to the table STAT! Diners will probably order more drinks as a result so you will not lose money. 

But I digress...

The guac was spot on. Super delish. Creamy AND chunky. The veggie quinoa tacos were also quite tasters. And the side dishes were very plentiful. I got the plantains and one of my friends got the brussels sprouts. Another friend ordered nachos, which looked extremely tempting. Good thing they had beef on them or I would have pilfered a few. All in all, I definitely did not leave hungry. 

The server did take an excruciatingly long time to run our credit cards through....she was kind of just standing around at the bar while we were waiting, which was kind of annoying. 

Still, I'd go back here again as it is right down the street from me.
I went to El Poquito on opening night, Friday December 5th for drinks and guacamole and then again for dinner on Wednesday December 10th.  On opening night, we sat at the bar and enjoyed their strong and tasty margaritas.  They even have Mezcal which I was very happy about. The guac was fresh and flavorful. The bartenders were extremely friendly, inviting and warm. 

Dinner later in the week: The kitchen and servers are still working out some kinks as the other reviewers have noted, but the quality of the food is great. The flavor and creativity of the food is showing through. The staff is extremely friendly and they are working hard. We tried the Baja fish tacos and the Veracruz Fish tacos as well as the Carne Asada tacos. All were very good. Perfect portion size.  We also got the rice and beans and brussel sprouts as sides and both were very tasty.

ONE RECOMMENDATION: Each Salsa is $4.  Offer 3 for $10 so we can try them all!

I'm so happy to have this restaurant open up in the old Chestnut 7 space (hated that place!!!)  An inventive, high end mexican restaurant is exactly what CHill needed. Can't wait to use their outdoor space this summer.  Keep up the good work El Poquito!
Ate here on Saturday night.  It was the second night open. Food was delicious and flavorful. We ordered the guacamole appetizer which was fresh.  Loved the sangria! Will surly return soon!
We stopped in just for a drink and it was kinda bitter sweet. It was easily 90+ degrees outside and of course we would go in when the A/C system was being fixed. They did have floor/window units so it wasn't super hot, but just not as cool as you'd like it on a heatwave day. Anywho, I had the Verdita and my friend had the Margaritas. I must say that Verdita drink was everything. It's made with reposado, pineapple, mint, cilantro and jalapeño. This drink was perfection, the sweet+spice made up for the lack of air. This is definitely going on my list of Chestnut Hill drink spots!
This is the new Mexican restaurant in Chestnut Hill.  I had high hopes for El Poquito, but sadly I was disappointed.  Down the road was Avenida..another Mexican restaurant.. but they have closed, not sure what happened?  Now, back to my experience at El Poquito, this place has high hopes because of the spacing - different dining areas and outdoor seating.  The menu is absent of empanada's - how did that happen?  Ok, moving on...me and friends (some had been there previously) decided to select multiple items and give them a try.  We had a selection of tacos, the fajitas and our drinks were margaritas.  The food was Eh...nothing to really talk about - the fajita was bland and tasteless.  The best taco choice was the Baja.  We had to ask for sour cream and taco sauce for God's sake - it's Mexican - why wouldn't this be included on the plate.  I know it's not Taco Bell, but seriously - you needed condiments to add flavor to these dishes.  

The service and server were less than desirable.  We were a party of 5 and of course there were ongoing needs from different individuals - why did we have to constantly ask her to come to our table - it was like she avoided us.  I don't understand that kind of service.  The drinks were average. 

I have no reason to go back unless it changes management, menu or ownership.  This is not my typical review - I am not a 1-star rater (you can see from my other reviews) but this experience was one of the worst I have had in years.
So over this place. Per Craigslist they're searching for a new GM. I hope they either get a talented one soon, or that this place tanks ASAP so the spot can be turned into something worthy. 

Harsh, but it's deserved. 

I've been to El Poquito about 5 times in the past year.  Each visit has gotten progressively worse in quality of food, and especially in quality of service. My last  two visits were over-the-top in suck and so it must be unapologetically yelped. 

Food: My biggest complaint is that it's BORING and second to that, it's often poorly executed. Imposter "Cantina." I've had a number of the tacos, they're passable and I do enjoy the cauliflower and Brussel sprout varieties. Have also sampled the Americanos and fajitas, as well as a brunch dish. It's all just really forgettable  and unimaginative, except for the price tag. I had always been curious about the rice bowls, got one last visit and wow; I guess the kitchen ran out of every element that adds taste to food. White rice (not brown, not yellow, not Spanish, not flavored, not anything) some steak -- with an albeit decent cook on it -- and a bit of guac is all I can remember. Wholly underwhelmed. A fellow diner ordered their tortilla soup, and everyone at the table found it disappointing. 

Service: Unfortunately, I've had the displeasure of ending up with the same Johnny-too-cool-for-school server nearly every time I go! Bro is just curt and apathetic AF. Never checks in after food is delivered and just gives off the stankiest "yeah?whattyawant" vibe. I went with a party of six a few weekends ago. We had to ask for everything twice (drink refills, $4 salsas) etc. He never came with the water refills (after a margarita one needs to hydrate!) and so, after at least one polite request and waiting ample time for him to fill us up, I took matters into my own hands and grabbed the water pitcher from the server station and refilled our glasses myself. I suppose this might seem rude, but I DID wait long enough and it kills the whole experience if I have to sit dying of thirst for the second half of my meal. Johnny SAW me take the pitcher from the station and didn't even say anything!

I suspect that people will continue to come here because they have some of the best outdoor seating in the area. I'm told from a local El Poquito has been here for about four years. However, given some of the other recent reviews, this sounds like the proper amount of time for this place to go out in flames, fanned by its page-long tequila selection which is rendered irrelevant in the face of lame food and service,  which is easily observed at El Poquito even under the dim and cozy twinkle lights.
So unimpressed by our experience of the salsa verde (salted green vinegar), the shrimp tacos (flavorless shrimp in the standard corn tortilla - wimpy and limp because they were never revived by the grill and weren't even warm), and the tortilla soup (won't guess what the broth was but I have my suspicions)... that we won't be back.

Chips were very light & good, though.
Short review: Woefully underwhelming. Not sure who was head in the kitchen on Saturday, but, no. Just no.

Long review: We were having a girls weekend out in Chestnut Hill and were looking forward to a Mexican feast with drinks and ordered a number of dishes off the menu. Here's the run down:

Chips and salsa - Salsa was bland and under salted
Guacamole - Terribly over salted and made in daily batches so you're stuck with whatever flavor it is
Crispy brussels sprouts - Burnt and removed from bill
Esquites - Ok, but uses canned corn rather than fresh off the cob
Margarita - Were told there were no frozen (whaaa?) and had to go with regular, fine
Korean beef tacos - Heavy spice, no salt or additional flavor, removed from bill
Nashville chicken tacos - Tasty
Plantain tempura tacos - Tasty
Churros - Underfried in too low temp of an oil (can tell by how greasy they were)

I have no desire to visit again.
Came in last night for dinner. First things I noticed were the nice decor and an awesome outdoor space. There was live music outside on the patio which was great! Aside from the atmosphere, the rest was a real letdown.

We ordered two Mezcal Paloma cocktails - they were ok. Not great, but tolerable. Started off with crab tostaditos and tuna ceviche per the server's recommendation. The crab tostaditos were almost inedible - a scoop of some weird creamy crab dip atop a store bought plantain chip. I didn't like these at all! The tuna ceviche was more like tuna soup with a few chunks of avocado mixed in and plantain chips thrown in. We also received a bowl of tortilla chips that were comparable to store brand Tostitos, not even the real deal. Yuck. We also ordered the Korean short rib tacos which were the best of the bunch - but still not great. The meat was chewy and the flavors were "meh".

Overall, very underwhelming. Love the space, hated the food/drinks. Seriously overpriced for what you get as well. Do better, El Poquito!
Nice cocktails (with a kick) and great salsa trio! That's all we had. They were a bit overwhelmed at the bar on Friday night. I'd like to see them beef up the staff, but it was worth the wait and crowd. Nice quality.
As if chestnut hill isn't cute enough.. This place is soooo cute. Looks like it was just rehabbed. The guacamole was awesome, also tried the Brussel sprouts and carnitas tacos, delicious. Churros for dessert came with a chocolate sauce that I nearly licked clean
From years of Yelping, I have a long list of bookmarks that I mean to get through some day. In the hopes of getting through this list, I often recommend places to visit when going out with my friends. 

It doesn't always work out for the best, needless to say. So I am now always nervous when recommending a new place to hang out, when I haven't had the chance to vet it for myself. 

The beautiful Amy A. and I decided to tempt my bad luck when I asked her to join me at El Poquito. Fortunately for us, El Poquito was awesome! We made it in time for the second hour of happy hour. There were several drink specials from 4:30 to 6:30. I stuck with the house margarita. You can get a flavored one, which is usually my drink of choice, but I was pretty happy with the house. It was basically a glass of alcohol, in a delicious and classy way, which was probably why I was so happy. Later on, I tried a Paloma, for about $9 I think, and that was strong and delicious as well. The bartender working was great too. Not too friendly at the beginning, but warmed up a lot as the evening wore on. Perhaps because he was busy for happy hour when we first got there. By the end, he was chatting with us, recommending us the best drinks on the menu, and giving us lots of advice for cool places in the city. 

The food was also good. Not the best I've ever had, but definitely good and worth getting again. We split one of the burrito bowl's, and an order of the brussel sprout tacos. The bowl had lots of good layers, and was the perfect portion for the price. It was not outrageously huge, but not small by any means. The tacos were the standout. So much flavor in three regular size tacos. We probably could have eaten three more orders. Some say the food is overpriced, but it is what it is. If the food is all homemade, and tastes good, then it's not overpriced. The two of us had two entrees, an appetizer (guacamole - good, but standard. not the best I've ever had.), and several rounds of drinks. I think our tab was around $60, which for the amount of food and drink, was very reasonable. 

The inside is a great space. It's not so small you can't move around, but it feels very cozy inside. The bar only had about 13-15 seats, so I'm not sure if it would get too busy on the weekends or not. The restaurant also had a really cute outside space for warm weather dining next year too. 

El Poquito is best for date night, and girls night. It's probably not a place I would go to every night. It's somewhere in between casual and fancy. I would lean more towards casual, but with a special,fun night feel to it. But does that even make sense?
Decent food, good drinks, and good company is what makes a dining experience amazing. While I already came with one, we decided to try El Poquito  late on a Friday night. Upon arrival, we were instantly greeted and seated. The ambiance was pretty intimate-- a great place for a date, girls night out, or a solo night at the bar. To start, we ordered margaritas (pomegranate and blood orange) and wings. The margaritas were tasty-- strong enough to order one but tasty enough to order more, lol. The wings were decent-- spicy and crispy. For our meal, we order street tacos. I got fish and my friend got shrimp. We were both pretty satisfied. They were tasty, fresh and had the right amount of toppings. My only complaint is that the fish was a bit bland. Other than that, it was great! I'd definitely go back, but I probably won't do the fish tacos again.
We came here for lunch on a Sunday and the place was fairly crowded. We had a reservation for the patio, which is covered and was a great place to eat. Everything was done through the Toast app, from ordering to paying. You could see everyone's orders and when it came time to pay, pay for your items only. This is great for groups.

The menu had so many good options. I decided to go with a bowl and had a hard time deciding between the grilled mahi bowl or the plantain tempura mahi bowl. I ended up going with the tempura and have no regrets! It was a unique taste and so good. It was a light, but filling meal. The kids menu was great as well and our server kept our waters full. That was the only interaction we had with her.
This is a cute Mexican food place right in the heart of Chestnut Hill. They have indoor and outdoor seating, and in the winter (this year atleast) they have a cute heated igloo village. The igloos really do stay pretty warm and comfortable. Make a reservation though because they're a hot commodity! 

Their menu is pretty big and they have a variety of options for vegetarians too. They also have happy hour deals.

The food is pretty good and priced about average. 

I have been there a few times, and usually service is good. The last time I went, the service was very slow and they forgot to put in some of my order but I believe they had new hires working so that's likely why. It won't keep me from returning.
If you're looking for authentic Mexican cuisine then please stay away from here! I'm sure the person who owns this place is white and not even Mexican. The food is totally bland I gotten 3 "chorizo" tacos they claim it's there "housemade chorizo" it's just was either ground chicken or ground beef no pork or chorizo what's so ever! My partner got steak fajitas and they literally put 5 strips of steak in it and a whole lot of peppers and onions to mask that they didn't put barely any steak in it. No appetizers nothing sounded appetizing their menu is only like a list of 15 things total no authentic Mexican seasoning besides the place and atmosphere being a total gem inside it's beautiful! Maybe the owner should stick to interior design and not cooking. The only thing good were the drinks nice and strong we both had a sangria. Don't go here for authentic Mexican food.
While there were more pros than cons about El Poquito, I have to admit this wasn't my favorite Mexican restaurant. 

Starting with the positives: Booking a reservation on the website was super easy, metered parking was available right out front, employees were friendly and the inside of the restaurant was absolutely stunning. Staff wore masks/face shields and social distancing appeared to be enforced. 

Stopped in on their Margarita Monday - pitchers of any margarita are $15 off all day long. I ordered a glass of sangria. There was a decent amount of fruit mixed in and I savored the spices with each sip. Food was just okay. It came out fast, but the temperature of the food wasn't right. It must've been sitting out for some time and got cold. 
We started off with chips and guac. Nothing special about the guac, although you can add cojita cheese, pineapple or lump crab for an additional charge.

I was looking forward to trying the Impossible Chorizo tacos, but was abruptly told by the waiter that they were out of them. I settled for the curry cauliflower tacos. The cauliflower was crunchy, but lukewarm. I will say they did not skimp out on filling up the tacos with the cauliflower. The curry aioli inside the taco shell was very good and actually gave the taco the majority of its flavor. 
My favorite menu item by far was the esquites (corn off the cob). It was flavorful, creamy and complimented my tacos amazingly. It looks small in size, but I was able to share it with my boyfriend. Highly recommend!

I would like to give El Poquito another chance. The food didn't leave a lasting impression on me, but I enjoyed my experience here. The environment was comfortable. Maybe next time I can sit outside on the heated patio or inside the heated igloos.
When I'm in Chestnut Hill I always end up coming back to El Poquito for the frozen margaritas! The seasonal flavors (especially Blackberry) are delicious, and the house margaritas are good as well. Though they are a bit pricy, the happy hour specials are good. The atmosphere is fun, especially in the summer when there is outside seating with colored lights and sometimes even live music. Vibrant place to catch up with friends when you want a casual, but lively night out!

The food is also very good; I love the chips and guacamole and chorizo tacos. The street tacos are also very good, and on Tuesday select tacos are only $4!

My complaint about El Poquito is that it's a little pricy, and sometimes they seem to nickel and dime you so watch out to make sure you are actually getting the specials they advertise. I've experienced this behavior on multiple visits, from various waitresses. For example, one time during happy hour I asked for the daily margarita flavors (as all margaritas are sold at a discounted price then) and the waitress listed the margaritas as well as "a cocktail margarita", which she highly recommended. What she did not mention, however, was that that "cocktail margaritas" were not included in the happy hour. I was surprised when my drink bill was twice what I expected. Another time, the special rate was simply not applied to the bill, and I had to send back the bill for the waiter to re-calcualte with the discount.

Yesterday, I went with friends to the Late Night special ($2 tacos and $6 margaritas), which was advertised in the window. However, the advertisement did not mention that you must sit at the bar to receive discounts, and the discounts are not applied to tables. Luckily we asked in time and were able to move to the bar. 

Overall, although I find the service and bill practices irritating -- and would be sure to warn friends about them before recommending this restaurant -- the food and margaritas are excellent.
so, have been back a couple of times and have to change my rating from 5 to 3.  i agree with the other reviews that the "value proposition" is off.  the food isn't good enough to compete with the small plate folks (Amada and Tinto) and the portions are not large enough to compete with Cantina Feliz or Uncle Julio's.  Either give folks chips at sit down and rice and beans on the plate or lower your prices...
Delicious food, nice decor, great service. Plantains were crispy and delicious. The enchiladas de costillas (short rib) were delicious as well. Great depth of flavor to everything. Very nice place.
This place is top notch! El Poquito in Chestnut Hill has some of the best food in the city of Philadelphia, with a menu to please both vegetarians and omnivores. Their staff has been friendly, inviting and attentive during each of my five visits. The indoor seating area is fun, laid back, yet romantic. Sit outdoors to enjoy fresh air in one of Philly's most attractive neighborhoods. I highly recommend El Poquito for virtually any occasion!
The interior is really beautiful with old reclaimed wood and the service is solid.  The food, however is definitely not worth the drive to Chestnut Hill. 

The habanero cashew salsa was really good, but the verde tasted a little grassy.  The salsas also came in really small dishes which made it hard for sharing.  For a party of 6 we each got a dab of salsa and they were 4 bucks each.  The tuna ceviche was fantastic, but I definitely wouldn't share that as it's on the smaller side as ceviches come.  Both fish tacos were really tasty- both the grilled and the fried options.  The fried fish was perfectly square and resembled a frozen fish patty, but was tasty nonetheless.  The carnitas however, were disappointing as they were super dry.

The michelada was fantastic and was one of the best that I've had.  I probably wouldn't make the trek out for the food though- it was a bit overpriced and not the best I've had.
Hoping for a pleasant brunch experience, I was quickly disappointed by the service, food quality, and overall cleanliness. While we were greeted and seated right away by a friendly hostess, our service once we had been seated was minimal. We ordered Mimosas right away and waited over 25 minutes for our drinks, while other tables that were seated after us received their bar drinks right away. Eventually, our server recognized our impatience and mentioned that the orange juice had to defrost, reassuring us that our mimosas would be right out. This, however, was after 25 minutes of waiting, which in the meantime helped me discover that there was week-old, crusted, melted cheese left on our table from a prior guest. Gross!

Once we received the mimosas, the taste of the orange juice was very bitter; and yes I know that not all orange juices are the same, but this one tasted as if it came out of a frozen, concentrate mix. It was definitely not fresh. 

Aside from the drinks, once our food had been brought out, it was cold, not even lukewarm, and I discovered two small hairs in my scrambled eggs. I had ordered a dish called the Americano, which included Eggs, a Poblano Potato Hash, and Bacon. All three items were cold. The taste was okay, but honestly, I was expecting a lot more than a dirty table, cold food with hair in it, and poor service. 

Our server made such a minimal appearance at our table, we didn't even bother to mention these concerns.

If you're looking for a pleasant brunch experience, you won't find it here.
Soooo such high hopes for spending Cinco here. 

Our service was terrible.. and guess what it's not packed ... half the tables are empty so why such terrible service. Our waters were not refilled once, each order of margaritas was messed up & we waited for 20 minutes before we were even acknowledge.  

Ordered three things - our empanadas were terrible.. veggie ones in a gross dry crust. We split 1 between 4 people to try.. no one wanted ANY of the second.. we wanted to share our disappointment with our server but that would have required him coming back to our table. 

Taking this tequila party else where.
Neighborhood gem.  So glad we have IP in CH.  The fundido was very good - some of the best I have had.  The crispy cod tacos as well as the carnitas tacos were also excellent.  I prefer my margaritas a little sweeter but that didn't stop me from having three of them.  We ended the meal with the churros.  Who doesn't like fried dough?
I'm not sure why there are so many mixed reviews. I went here last night with my BFF and LOVED it. We sat at the bar and they do have a decent happy hour until 6:30pm. 

The bartender was fantastic, friendly and very well connected to the Philly restaurant scene. He made some good suggestions of places to check out. Super helpful for this suburban girl. 

We started with the guac. It was good, wish it had a little more kick to it, but delicious. We split the carnita's rice bowl and brussel sprouts tacos. I'm still thinking about those tacos. They were so good. I only wish there were more. The rice bowl was a large portion, definitely worth the money. 

I liked the ambiance, it's a little hipster. And they were playing awesome 80's music all night. 

I seriously might be going back on Saturday for those tacos.
On a nice hot day, we Decided to stop in for lunch.  Outdoor seating is very nice but food is terrible.  I would say the shrimp ceviche was tasty.  My chicken burrito was just nasty. The rice was super salty. It seems like they soaked the rice in the ocean or something.  Little hole in the wall el limon serves better Mexican food than this.  If you're going to operate such a beautiful place, at least put more effort in making good food.  The tacos huevos was dry.  Absolutely terrible.
We have been here twice. Both times too busy to get a seat so we sat at the bar.  Even sitting in front of 2-3 servers the service was painfully slow.  No one approached us for 5 mins of us sitting down.  Then we got our beers pretty quickly.  Then took another 30 mins to place our order.  No water was offered or brought.  Our chips and dip came out in a timely manner, but it took an hour for two taco orders to come out.  When they came out one was appealing (the Koren BBQ) while mine (the tuna) was merely over cooked tuna with three pieces of cucumber, 5 edamame beans, and one hunk of avocado.  That's it. No sauce. Nothing.  It was dry and disgusting.  The Korean bbq was pretty tasty.  I then requested another beer- the bar tender looked at me, nodded his head, grabbed my beer bottle and then walked away.  He the proceeded to continue to mix about 40 more drinks and never came back to us.  I had to finally ask the second bar tender for the beer which she brought promptly.   The attitude of the first bar tender was awful - didn't even make eye contact or ask us how the food was... He was awful.  The margaritas are pure mix and salt.  The food is far too expensive for the product, and the service is awful.  Never going back. 
Honestly, I've had better food and better service at a Mad Mex.
Such a wonderful atmosphere and great service. Amazing guacamole! Absolutely love love the Brussels sprout tacos. I would never think to order them over other types but I would never order anything but these Brussel sprout tacos.
We had a truly delicious and delightful dinner tonight. The pulpo ceviche was astounding and the Brussels sprouts tacos were even better then the banh mi ones. One of the best margaritas I've had. We really loved the atmosphere too. It was comfortable and casual, but still felt like a "night out" if you know what I mean. The only complaint, and it's a minor one, more of a piece of advice then a complaint, SLOW DOWN! We wanted to sit and savor our rare childless evening, but the entrees came out while we were still enjoying the amazing empanadas and ceviche.  Our waiter was excellent but it wouldn't have been a problem if he was just a tad slower. Check before you fire the next course. Like I said, an astounding dinner, but it would've been perfect if we had a chance to rally relish things.
Went here for a celebratory dinner with my family.  The food was really good and the ambiance was relaxing and very open and airy.  The service was weird and really disappointing.

Service

We got there at 5pm on a Saturday. We were immediately asked if we had a reservation which we did not since we were just walking around Chestnut Hill and decided to check this place out. The hostesses (I think there were 3 of them at the booth) seemed really annoyed, like we should have had a reservation. 3/4 of the inside of the restaurant was empty.  There were maybe two other parties seated inside so I'm not really sure why it mattered that we didn't have a reservation.  We were seated and a waiter came over to our table. He was sweating a lot and seemed really pissed off. Throughout the evening we had a hard time getting him to clear the empty dishes off of our table and ordering more drinks. He just didn't really seem to care and was not excited when we asked questions about the food. So, I was a waitress and I get it. It's hot and you're in Chestnut Hill so your probably dealing with wealthy assholes. BUT, if I'm gonna pay $15 for 3 very tiny tacos I want good freakin service and I want someone who it at least going to pretend to be interested in me as a customer and the food they are serving.  Also, it was not busy and there were lots of staff members. Obviously, we still tipped him generously and I hope he was just having an off night. 

Food

The food was really good. We had a habanero-cashew salsa which blew me away! We got steak, cod, bahn mi, and korean bbq tacos and they were all seriously delicious.  I wasn't a huge fan of the quedo fundido (may have spelled that wrong) which was melted cheese and fried onions, but the rest of my party was really into it. The guacamole was also delicious and very fresh. 

My favorite tacos were the cod. They were breaded cod with apple slaw and spicy mayo. Soooo delicious!!!


I will definitely be back for those tacos and that awesome salsa and hope that the staff are having better days when I return.
My husband and I were very excited that a legit Mexican restaurant was opening near us and we weren't disappointed.  Unlike some reviewers I found the portions to be perfect.  I could barely finish my third Baja (fried fish) taco.  Everything tasted extremely fresh and was cooked just right.  The guacamole was super- I like it simple, chunky and flavorful.  The Sangria was delicious and the cheese quesadillas from the kid's menu was a big hit for our 4 year old.  The service was DYNAMITE.  Both times we have visited we were totally impressed with the speediness and attention to detail by the servers.  When I came back from the powder room my napkin was folded!  FANCY.
I really wanted to love El Poquito, but it fell short on a recent brunch visit. The atmosphere is great, very clean and airy.  The lighting inside (and the ceiling) are really cool.  And I can see how the patio will be a huge draw (a little too hot for our tastes, unfortunately). Service was fine, not much to say about it. The brunch menu is *extremely* limited, only 5 items! I know you can order off the lunch menu, too, but the choices were pretty limited for straight up brunch food. 

I had the Americano, which I felt kind of bad for ordering given it's a Mexican (or Tex-Mex) restaurant, but the "poblano-potato hash" and salsa verde made me think it would have some flair. Unfortunately, there wasn't a hint of salsa OR poblano on the plate!  My poached eggs were almost overcooked, too. The saving grace was the bacon, which was YUMMY. The mimosa was just so-so and there was a lot of pulp at the bottom when it was finished. 

A friend had the burrito and seemed happy with it. She took half home (it's huge!). Another friend had the huevos rancheros, which looked good but not as fresh as some I've had. His eggs (fried) were also overcooked, solid yolks. 

All in all, I'd go back to sit on the patio and try some tacos, but will be skipping it as a brunch destination.
First, this would be one star but it was Stag and Doe night so I think they were simply not prepared.  Starting with the obvious.....  It is impossible to tell who works there because all of the little hipsters wear jeans and Chucks and stick their pad and pen in their back pocket.   That annoys me for some reason.  I think it may be because they look like they are reaching around into the bumm ...  not good for a food server.  

We walked in and were seated and given water right away.  I could not see the menu so we literally were ordering blind.  We each ordered a margarita.... nothing fantastic for nine dollars.  The adobe has a much better house margarita  and is it MUCH less expensive.   We decided on nachos and wings ...not exactly a foray into the culinary wild west but we were tired and just wanted a quick little bite.   We asked for the Black Beans on the side.  I have a thing about the way the black beans soak into the chips..  they make them soggy too quickly for my taste.   When our food came out within a reasonable amount of time the server said...Oh I forgot you wanted the beans on the side... Don't worry there are not many on there.....    It was a nacho casserole...  chips SMOTHERED in black beans, then beef, then cheese...  SHe said I should try it and she would come back and if we didn't like it she would have them remade.   Away she went....... and away she stayed.....  empty drinks, empty water glasses and nasty nachos.....

By the time she came back we just wanted out.  We got FORTY SEVEN DOLLAR CHECK, paid and left.....  I won't be back anytime soon
Just went for a few drinks and an appetizer with my husband this evening.  Overall, good experience.  Nice decor, and I'm looking forward to the outside area being open.  We ordered the paloma, the mezcal negroni, and a margarita.  All very good, but the negroni is unnecessarily expensive.  Ordered the tacos de carnitas, which we liked.  The tortillas were tasty, and they were topped with pickled onions.  The meat wasn't so crispy (as it says on the menu), but flavorful.  Looking forward to future visit and further review updates.
Loved the food which was flavorful and delicious.  The decor is not my style but it didn't take away from my dining experience.  But I am taking away one star because they offer nothing in the way of happy hour.
Really tasty. Great service. 

Had the enchiladas. Delicious.  Not from around chestnut hill but would definitely make a trip back this way to come here.
Unique menu and cool atmosphere with a great crowd on a Saturday night. The brussel sprout tacos were delicious and loved that so many of the tacos were unique combinations beyond traditional Mexican. Looking forward to coming back during the week for happy hour. Knocked off 1 star because really every Mexican spot should serve free chips and salsa and they only gave us chips?? Also the service was quick but the wait staff definitely seemed a bit awkward and not as friendly as I'd like but perhaps this is because of management changes mentioned by some of the other reviews. Overall I would give them a second try based on the unique Mexican menu, delicious food, and cool atmosphere.
Tacos and the house margarita, that's all I need to say. You're missing out if you haven't been here already. Wonderful staff, even better food and ambience. 10/10 recommend for a casual dinner or date night.
I really want to love this place. The location is perfect, outdoor seating, adorable bar- great ambiance. They have a kids' menu. 

That said- the food is meh, the drinks are weak. They really need to hire some real Mexicans to spice up the menu and give it flavor. The fajitas are 30% onion, the beans are salty. The tacos and ceviche are interesting but we are always disappointed when we eat here.
Poor service and I was overcharged. The food was average. Clientele, Decor and ambiance are very cool and trendy.
Therefore it's a nice place but be wary of  the overcharging.
Food was good here.  They have a great menu.  
My only complaint was the bartender.  Drinks weren't THAT great and my wine was served to me in a dirty glass with lipstick marks.  When I asked for a new glass, he dumped my wine into another dirty glass and really didn't seem to give a sh*t.
Food was great, drinks were great, service was great. Loved the atmosphere. Upscale Mexican food at reasonable prices. Can't wait to go back!
Great potential, I'll definitely go again when they've ironed out the kinks. In all fairness it was their first night, open to the public. My husband and I walked in with no reservation but was seated promptly at the bar. The ambience was very communal, big benches/booths seating 6-8 alongside the bar and smaller tables scattered about. The lighting was great but I searched for any hint of Mexican flare and found none. Maybe they haven't fully decorated although I did like that it was minimal versus overly done stereotypical decor. We were attended by a young woman named Anna at the bar w cute tortoise shelled rimmed glasses. I point her out because she was fantastic. Kept her cool even when the kitchen made some initial mixups, was very descriptive in her fave dishes and drinks and overall very accommodating.  To start the guacamole was very good (chunky, flavorful not too salty), we ordered the carne asada tacos and the chicken enchilada. We waited almost an hour for our meal and then they only brought out tacos but no enchilada. Unfortunately we couldn't wait any longer and asked Anna to cancel our order but to her and our surprise after the initial mixup the kitchen never fulfilled the enchilada order anyway so no harm no foul. My husband and I ended up sharing the tacos which were delicious and I wish we could have tried the enchilada. Not long before I was telling my husband that the manager should have come over did Anna say that owner, George was on his way and they would comp our meal. The first is a sign of great service while the latter was an over and beyond awesome gesture. We of course left a generous tip and will be back. I highly recommend, the flavors were great. Our red sangria was good and the margarita was strong! But the attentiveness and service by the staff was excellent and while we never did get to speak to George, I'm just happy they acknowledged the mishap and took care of two patrons who write entirely too long reviews! Good luck!
The location is good with nice outside seating. The food is average at best, but  unauthentic. The real problem was the price, in my opinion it is outrageous. I have been a few times hoping that it would get better to justify the price. The staff is hit or miss. I have had a very bad interaction, mediocre interaction, as well as excellent service. There is so much potential for the location and I truly hope they turn this place into something special.
Second time to this restaurant, first time everything was spot on, today still good, but some inconsistencies. My Carnitas Tacos were spot on, but the Grilled corn was not grilled but instead boiled or steamed, missing that nice tasty char that makes it special, easy enough to do with any kind of fire, like say, a gas burner. Not sure what happened, the description said grilled. Second, my girlfriends French Toast was described as having plantains on it, but instead had bananas, picky maybe, but a completely different flavor and texture. These little inconsistencies didn't ruin brunch, but I like to see what the menu describes actually end up on the plate, or have someone tell me about the substitution.
Overpriced, overwrought and overly complicated Mexican grub all cleaned up for the suburban Anglo.
one word........... terrible 

Salsa was more like Chile mixed wit Marinara sauce

Tacos were dry like how does that happen 

Service 2 outta 10

And frozen margaritas bad. 

Chain restaurants are better and that's a shame.

Kids running around loud as shit. Feels like I'm at el'chucky cheese
If you love high premiums but a mediocre product this is your spot for tacos, tequila and outside seating.

The guacamole is good but the food like the decor is more about kitsch than quality and while some of the recipes appear unique the flavor is far from inspired.

Go here if you don't mind paying the premium to be in the neighborhood and don't want to drive to find real quality or authenticity downtown.

My advice would be Yelp the Mainline for some humble and inspired Mexican flavors.
El Poquito serves some of the most crave-able tacos ever. We've eaten there many times and have brought friends often too.

The key to this place is knowing what they really excell at:

-The Nachos--absurdly good
-The Tuna Tostaditos--outrageous!
-the most delectable Tacos are: the Brussel Sprout, the Curry Cauliflower, the Ban Mi and the Veracruz--all equally scrumptious.
-Plantanos--a wonderful, sweet complement for the savory tacos
-in season, the corn on the cob is not to be missed 

For dessert, the Tres Leches Cake is moist and refreshing with fresh pineapple. Also the Churro ice cream taco is home made and cinnamony--really flavorful.

The staff is friendly and helpful and the atmosphere is really charming. One of our favorite restaurants for all seasons!
Places like this always boggle my mind.  Great concept, cool atmosphere, but service and overall execution was very poor.  

I have to assume the bartender tonight is dating a manager or is an owners daughter because people like that should not be behind any bar.  Rude and brazen and we felt like we were inconveniencing her with our order.  I hope a manager reads this, she's the middle aged one with brown hair. Just miserable.  

Service was disastrous to say the least, food was mediocre at best.  I have lived in Roxborough/Manayunk for 15 years and have been waiting for a good Mexican option since we are limited to Adobe and Cactus.  Very disappointed this place cannot be a go to spot based on below average marks across the board.
What was most salient during my visit:

1. Nice atmosphere & design

What I was not impressed by:

1. Food- lukewarm & very small tacos.
2. Temperature- It was slightly chilly inside.
3. Prices- a bit on the higher end given the amount of food.
I visited with a friend, the space is nice, the drinks were good, although the drinks special, a paloma I was assured was not at all sweet, I found it too sweet for me, I am trying to watch my carb intake. It tasted good, but I drank only a few sips fearing the sugar content. The server never asked me if I didn't care for it, not that big a deal but it would have been nice.

The major disappointment was the food. We shared steak and chicken fajitas, my friend also got the esquites. The corn was from a can, which could have been okay if they would have doctored it up sufficiently, they did not. The chicken was preferable to the steak in the fajitas. I hate to say this, but the steak tasted like it had been in the freezer too long before being cooked.

The price for what we got was exorbitant. I would return for drinks, but not for dining.
First time diner and extremely confused as to why this place has so many good reviews. The service was absolutely horrible. Drinks took over 15 minutes, the servers let the dirty dishes from our appetizers sit on our small two top while delivering our entrees, looked at them, and still walked away without picking them up. The food was definitely not worth it. And to top it all, there was a MOUSE running around our table. Not only did they not offer any apologies after we showed them the mouse, but they continued to seat other people directly near the mouse. This is a place that clearly does not care about their customer service or their customer's experience. Would highly, highly not recommend waisting your time or money here.
This is not a restaurant that plops down chips/salsa on the table when you arrive. If you want some, be prepared to pay for them. We decided we didn't want them enough to do so and instead ordered the Crispy Jalapeños (lightly fried jalapeños, smoked onion ranch), which were exactly as promised--lightly fries and of varying spice levels.

Additionally, you cannot mix-and-match tacos, unless you have a friendly group, such as ours, who decided we'd just share orders of 4-taco sets (in order of the diners' preference): Carnitas (crispy pork, black beans, onion, lime, cilantro), Korean BBQ (short rib, kimchi, radish, cilantro, spicy lime aioli), Baja (crispy cod, cabbage, avocado puree, spicy lime aioli), Chorizo (house made chorizo, lettuce, white onion, roja, pickled jalapeño), Banh Mi (pork, pickled vegetables, jalapeño, cilantro, spicy lime aioli), and Carne Asada (grilled steak, refried beans, avocado puree, queso fresco). We also had the special tacos: Steak and Eggs.

Diners also enjoyed Micheladas (lager, tomato juice, hot sauce, lime) and Margaritas (tequila, triple sec, fresh squeezed lime), particularly the blood orange Margarita.

Would return because it's nice to see this type of food option in Chestnut Hill, and if I do, I'll definitely get the Carnitas tacos!
Used to be great. I don't see it lasting much longer.  Employees there are very rude- especially the girls who hostess and the bartenders. Quality of food and beverage has declined.  Super small margaritas and if you say light on the ice, they just fill your glass 3/4 of the way full and then point that out to you when delivered. Don't waste your time or money,  so many other great places in Chestnut Hill.
$72?? For 4 drinks (which we waited a half hour in total for), a few baby zucchini (another half hour) and 6 tacos (tiny portions and an hour wait; no mention by our server that corn tortillas were an option)? We actually went for a full 10 minutes with nothing to drink at all, not even water. Our server completely neglected us-walking by over and over again and not checking on us.  Even when the food had obviously been taking forever (an hour for 6 tacos???), she didn't bother to update us. The portions were laughable-I think I know why it's called El Poquito. I should have known better when we first walked in and the hostess didn't even make eye contact with us for 2 minutes. We made the decision today to ONLY get Mexican at the authentic places in South Philly, period. Skip this unless you are super-patient and have a lot of time to waste.

The only good thing about this experience was that the drinks WERE good. The Margarita and Paloma are excellent. But they aren't enough to being us back.
First time here & probably last... we waited over a half hour for our food! The appetizers came out AFTER our food ... appetizers were all served in cups. I ordered what i thought was corn on the cob ... but it came in a cup (in soup style)! The chicken tacos were sub par... nothing special or great. 4 tacos for $18!  & not worth the money we paid! Much better mexican restaurants in the city... save your money & go somewhere else
A group of four of us came in on a Sunday afternoon for brunch and were seated immediately. The restaurant has a cute rustic theme a motif you'd expect to see somewh like Austin, very cute and inviting. There is a ton of indoor seating as well a nice sized outdoor area you can be seated as well (we chose indoors). 

The menu is a pretty good size, quite a few different options to choose from, nothing too far off from your usual "Tex Mex" food. We ordered the nachos for the table, huevos rancheros, enchiladas and a couple of sides to share. All in all we got more than enough food to satisfy us. 

The food itself is...okay. nothing special and to be honest nothing really worth the prices you pay for them (no hard to find or unique ingredients or no particularly special way of preparing the food) however it was a good meal. 

If you're in the area, I suggest you try it. If not (let's say you live in the city) I wouldn't make the trip for it. To be honest you'll get the same/better quality in the city for roughly the same price. (Ideally this would be a 3.5 star meal)
I recently moved to the Philadelphia area. My lady friend came down for the weekend to hangout and explore. She had a stressful week with exams and was really craving some Mexican food. We called a few places but they were unfortunately booked up and then we stumbled upon El Poquito.

El Poquito did not disappoint. The first thing you notice in the restaurant is the ambience - amazing lighting, wall and table decor, and the overall atmosphere. We elected to sit inside but there is outside dining as well. Rest assured, the staff and everyone were on the ball with covid protocols.

As for the food and drinks. We started off with some water and then decided for a pitcher of margs to destress from the week. Wow, they packed one helluva punch. If you want a strong margarita, this has your name on it. For food we had queso and chips for an app and chicken quesadillas and a chicken bowl for our meal. All 3 were excellent. My friend loved the pepper in the quesadilla. It was a great place to share in some great food, unwind with some margs, and really enjoy each other's company with a lot of laughs and smiles. My gratitude to the El Poquito staff.
Not too many Mexican restaurants in the C Hill / Mt Airy neighborhoods but El Poquito makes up for that. I've been going here for years and always satisfied when I leave. Great drinks, a TON of tequilas, the decor and ambiance area great addition to the experience the onlyyyy thing that may not be cool about this restaurant are the hours but hey, can't have everything and I would say it does speak to the quality of the restaurant. Go here!!!
This is a very cute little Mexican restaurant in Chestnut Hill! I walked in with a friend for dinner on a Friday night. I had a reservation but looked like I didn't really need one. The restaurant was busy but there weren't any lines and there were some open tables which was surprising 

I started off with a drink - prickly pear margarita. This was recommended to me by the waiter as the top fruitiest drink at the restaurant. I very much enjoyed it! I was first surprised when it first came out bc I thought it would be more of a clear/yellow color but the drink was dark red! It tasted sweet and tarty and just like sweet pear! Yum!

My friend and I ordered the guacamole, carnitas tacos (4 piece) and the Baja tacos (3 pieces). The guacamole was delicious and well made. Creamy and delish! The Baja tacos were crispy and hot on the inside - just the way I like my fish tacos yum! It was topped off with pickled radish?? And a spicy orange sauce
The carnitas were the better of the two however. Baja was good but the carnitas!!! I took one bite and I instantly fell in love. The meat was so soft and literally melted in my mouth! 

I really enjoyed having dinner at this restaurant and really hope I'll have a chance to come back.

Other notes:
They have a tiny little lot in the back but its very limited (only 5-7 cars maybe). Street parking is best.
They also have an outside patio area which looked cute. I'm sure it'll be super cute and nice to eat out there once the weather gets warmer
The human portion of the evening is rated at 5 stars. We had a great night. The atmosphere was amazing, the heated igloo was a SUPER dope idea, my waitress was also funny and sweet. That part was great, now let's move to the NOT so great part.

The food was what lowered the overall score. We got chips, pico and a cheese quesadilla  to start and the pico had me excited for what was to come. Whheewww, boy was I wrong... We ordered chicken tacos, chicken nachos and beef nachos and I have never tasted a blander chicken tinga in my ENTIRE life and I've eaten my fair share of Mexican food... 

The staff was really good about the complaint (another reason for the 5 stars for service) and the manager came to chat with us and asked what was wrong w/the food before taking it back. We just explained to him that the chicken was the exact opposite of flavorful and not what we've come to expect when eating what was supposed to be authentic Mexican. The street corn however was DELICIOUS though and seasoned very very well, and the platanos were well platanos lol.

Drinks ehhhhh I'd say about a 5.75 out of 10, too much margarita mix and not enough tequila. 

Can't say that I'll never, ever go back but if I do I'm getting street corn, chips and pico lol
I'll keep this as minimal as the service at El Poquito.  Ambiance was about the only part of the experience that's deserving of a single star. The service was lackluster, the margarita tasted as though it was mostly comprised of mix vs fresh-from-scratch ingredients, the tacos, street corn and retried beans were mediocre at best, and the $14 guacamole was about enough for one person. I'm fine with a $90 tab for two people when the ingredients are fresh, the food tastes good and the service is stellar but this fell far below expectations.
