Came in for a late lunch on a Friday afternoon.  When we first walked in, the place was empty. We started with margaritas, which were very good. Then ordered off the lunch specials. Plenty of food and it was really good. The service was friendly and helpful. 
By the time we left the place was starting to rock.
Nice retro, old school diner vibe.
My husband and I recently went here for Happy Hour.  Happy Hour runs Monday-Friday from 5:00 pm 6:30 pm and their happy hour prices can't be beat.  You can't complain about $1 tacos and $2 canned beer, so from a price standpoint El Rey is a great option. For a Rittenhouse address, its quite a deal. 

We ordered an assortment of tacos (fish, vegetable, chicken, steak).  My favorite was actually the vegetable, which was more a black bean taco. However, as big fans of Mexican food, the tacos and small bites we ordered were just ok, but again they were $1. Perhaps, some of the other menu options are better.  If we go here for dinner, we would probably try something other than the tacos.

I did like the eclectic interior decor.  It has a nice ambiance, although dimly lit. Our service was great. The waitress was very friendly and check on us several times while we dined there.
I had the most amazing salad here! Let me tell you about it because you must order the extraordinary concoction of the CRAB, AVOCADO, and BACON salad. Yeah, you read that right. Those three ingredients are meshed with some grapefruit for a little zing, the necessary mixed greens, and a savory chipotle dressing. The bacon was crunchy, the crab was plentiful, and the avocado was perfect. I expected to come to this restaurant for guacamole, tacos, or even a burrito. Nope, this salad caught my eye, and I am so glad that I ordered it. Well worth the $12. I'm thinking that the next time I'm there, I'll just have to order two!

However, my real reason in coming to El Rey was for the margaritas. I've tried the classic and the mango before, so I tried the tamarind. It had a nice sour kick. I don't fancy salt on the rim, or anything too sweet so this flavor fit the bill. 

Service was pretty attentive and friendly. At 10pm on a Saturday night, most of the dinner crowd was just finishing up, and most tables were there for apps and drinks.

I'm a fan of this place, and hope to make it to happy hour very soon! $1 tacos and $4 margaritas between 5-6:30 PM. Yes, please!
Mmmm nachos. Don't come here without ordering the chorizo nachos. It's literally the size of a pizza and arguably even better bang for your buck than the happy hour dollar tacos. Oh there are happy hour dollar tacos - skip the chicken and fish because they're both really dry and opt for the steak (unless you don't eat meat.. blasphemy) 

Drinks are ok. They have happy hour drink specials too. Some fancy tequila on the menu, but will run you like $10-14 a pop.. gross.
Exhausted and in search of additional sustenance, Mexican comfort food seemed to be calling after the epic dance party I had just been part of. Our group of three walked through El Rey's doors and were greeted with the overwhelming aroma of coffee; perfectly fitting for the space formerly known as Midtown Diner IV. 

We started with a round of drinks; margaritas for the ladies and a Yakima Glory served in a miniature boot for the guy. The margs were tasty, but it was already late in the game for me and I ended up leaving about half behind. It was good eats I was mainly after.

We started with guacamole and salsa, which came to a grand total of $13.50 all together. (Sidebar: I simply cannot have guacamole without salsa, so ordering both was a no-brainer, even though I felt a bit swindled. Just because all the high-end Mexican spots are charging this much doesn't make it right.) The chips served alongside are the super thick kind similar to ones I've had in Mexico. 

Modest prices on all other menu items made the guacamole inflation an afterthought. I ordered chicken quesadillas and was quite pleased. They arrived quickly and tasted great; not super heavy but totally satisfying. My amigos were more than happy with their tamales and mushroom quesadillas. Portions weren't huge but that's just fine with me. On a super hungry night, I'd probably order the same and maybe throw in another dish to share or an app.

The brunch menu intrigues; I will return for another showdown.
I'll most likely re-write this review once I'm able to explore the actual menu outside their happy hour, but then again, you really can't beat this happy hour so why would I want to do that?

Dollar tacos are obviously going to keep me coming back here.  Pair that with a $4 classic margarita or a $5 specialty margarita and you're set.  Plus there's $2 and $3 snacks like chicken enchiladas and tostadas.

You get what you pay for.  The tacos are MINI (I ordered 5 and was still hungry), but the fillings and fresh corn tortillas are still tasty.  Skip the "steak" taco (it's not steak at all, it's more like braised short rib or some type of beef chuck roast) and opt for all fish tacos since they're delicious and served with a crunchy slaw on top.  Hell, order 10 fish tacos and for $10 you've pretty much got yourself a meal.  Chicken tacos are okay.  There's also cheese and veggie options.

The margaritas are BANGIN'.  Super strong but still super tasty- mixed perfectly.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I got the classic.  Friends got the special one that night which was chipotle/pineapple. Super fresh and with just the right aftertaste of spice.

We still ordered the guacamole cause we're at an authentic taqueria.  What, am I NOT gonna order guac?  Anyway, that was super tasty as well- the right balance of chunky and smooth.  Maybe a little bit bland for my liking, but that huge woven basket of fresh, warm, salty, homemade tortilla chips makes it all worthwhile.

It reminds me of a cheaper El Vez and cute like Oscars or another dive bar on the inside with low lighting and 70's kitsch everywhere you look.

Will definitely be back here again.
I absolutely love El Rey! This is a great spot to grab delicious nachos and fish tacos. That's my order. The vibe is dark and mysterious, yet festive. I would definitely recommend El Rey for a nice dinner out. The food quality and service is consistently good. 

It's a whole different animal during Cinco De Mayo season, as well. One of the best places to go.
El Rey in Spanish means The King. In this case, its the King of Overhype or the King of Crap. Take your pick.

I went in here last night around 7.  I was immediately greeted by three lovely hostesses. There were no tables available, so I took a seat at the bar. There was my first mistake. Some jackass failed miserably to account for leg space. I had to sit crossways just to friggin fit in. And my right knee still touched the edge of the bar. It was uncomfortable, to say the least. 

Yes the decor was nice. Although it seemed like someone watched "Stand and Deliver" one too many times. It was like eating in a Hollywood set of what a Mexican cantina should be. I kept expecting Edward James Olmos to come out and eat at one of the tables.

I ordered Enchiladas Verdes with chicken and mushroom quesadilla. I'll preface this next part by saying I've actually cooked enchiladas verdes from scratch so I know how it should taste. The verdes sauce was weak and had absolutely no zip to it. I couldn't taste any onion or garlic and the tomatillo sauce tasted old(I"m guessing they made it up way earlier or from canned tomatillos, though to be fair I didn't taste the telltale aluminum/can taste in the tomatillos). The tortilla used in the enchiladas was dry, and the chicken was eh. Not only that but they were small. The enchiladas fit crosswise on a long serving plate  instead of lengthwise like most normal Mexican restuarants.

The mushroom quesadilla was a little better. The filling had some tasty mushrooms and corn in it. However, they surrounded it by a overly baked/grilled and dry tortilla which made it seem like I was eating toast. They had some avocado chunks mixed with cilantro and lime. While I like all three, the lime overpowered the cilantro and the avocado.

I left feeling like I"d been suckered. I was feeling like it was a 2 star(r) review until this morning. I was forcibly entered into the El Rey Memorial Run 2 times so far. Thanks for the memories.

The only way I'd go back is if it was for drinks at a table. There were plenty of hot women there. But I wouldn't eat there and I wouldn't go back to the bar.
Through the doors of El Rey and you're suddenly transported to LA or the desert. Starr really sets the mood here and you feel like you're stumbling into a roadside diner somewhere near the border of Mexico. 

Mexican prison artwork hangs on the wall across from the bar and the small, yet careful selection of tequilas (and only tequila) does the authenticity of a Mexican diner experience justice. 

My dinner date and I tried to sample as much as we could from the menu. The short rib enchiladas were good, but the gorditas stole the show. Make sure you don't miss out on these. The shrimp and whitefish ceviche was not good though. It came tossed in Mexican ketchup...ketchup with ceviche? No no no. The empanadas were a bit too salty and greasy, but I really enjoyed the fresh guac - delicious chunks of avocado assured the freshness here.

The food was good, the tamarind margaritas were great (a better bet over the traditional ones), and the ambiance was A+. The only thing amiss were the guys in suits seated in the back who looked like they were checking the books and going through the numbers. After watching them grill the servers, I'm guessing they were Starr's business partners? Isn't there an office for this kind of thing? Anyway, I wish they hadn't ruined the mirage of cool this place exudes. 

I'd definitely come back for more of those tamarind margs and the gorditas.
With a 4-star showdown between my Philly phavorites Felicia D, Michelle C and Monica S ... I was shocked by the 3-star average on this über-hip Mex joint off Rittenhouse Square.

Formica countertops, wood paneling and all the other good stuff that makes up an old school side-of-the-road dinner is juxtaposed with a tasty, relatively authentic menu of Mexican eats available almost anytime (before midnight, that is). Full of twenty-somethings and hipsters, this is true Rittenhouse cool. The margaritas are solidly balanced and the eats are hands down delicious. The chips & guacamole is secretly pricey ($14??) but generally decent plate of food from the entree menu, won't run you much more than ten bucks. I noticed a pretty sweet 2-course lunch deal for $9.99 that I'd check out when I'm back in town. I can completely get behind the pollo verde enchilada that had me swooning, despite a late night lack of appetite. 

Sure, it's a little pretentious and gimmicky, but you've gotta appreciate the flair. And if you don't, then at least give a nod to the queso.
Aaaawww, poor widdle Steven Starr, no one wants to give him any 5-star love. 

Everyone loves to hate things made to be cool, and unfortunately for Starr, he's the poster boy for Philly's trendy restaurant scene. Which means that while people flock to his restaurants so they can say they had a 'night out', they're going to be skeptical of the food.

I came with an entourage (4 people.. that's enough of an entourage for me), and we tried everyyyything. Some things should be skipped and other things were good, like the lamb tacos (bf loved those), black bean enchiladas (closest I've found in Philly to the real thing), and the queso fundido. Mmmm, ooey gooey cheesy lava. For all you lactose intolerant or semi-intolerants like me aka the Asians, you better be close to a bathroom if you plan on eating a good portion of that cheese. Pleasure comes at an ugly consequence!

But the real goodies were:

1) Chilaquiles with eggs: crispy and thick tortilla chips, salsa verde, and 2 fried eggs on top. Crunchy, layers of flavor, and egg yolk ooze... HAWT!

2) Michelada: what a glorious drink concoction - basically a bloody mary but a Mexican version, made with BEER and a chili pepper and salted rim and served in a beer mug. AND they give you the leftover beer from the can ohmagawsh it's so classy!!! 

I could have just those two things and I'd have a perfect meal. 

Starr doesn't do the best at making things authentic. And it really annoys me that he took Midtown Diner (where I used to order up a storm of breakfast items after a drunken night out), put up some fancy lanterns, and made it a Mexican diner where you have to be 20-30 years old and dress like you're going to an indie concert to eat here. But it kinda works for me, ugh. 

Michelada tiiiime!!!!
**Happy Hour Review**
First time at happy hour at El Rey and I was surprised at how much of a vintage feel I got from it being tho it's a starr restaurant.
Not those faux vintage restaurants either. It looks like the decor was salvaged from the 1940s or something.
On to thee food n drinks!!

The $4 Happy hour margaritas were so freaking good!! Like really tasty and strong!
The $1 tacos were pretty good but my least favorite was the chicken rice cake. Not a fan of the soft texture and not much flavor to it IMO. But my fave tho...which was a regular price appetizer item were the nachos!!
Like seriously I've had my share of nachos in the city but those were by a mile the BEST. 
WHY ARE THEY THE BEST YOU ASK? WELL LEMME TELL YA. 

The pops of strong cilantro are what highlight the nachos along with the chorizo. All the ingredients are evenly distributed close to perfection. I can't wait to eat here again.
I stopped in for some quick bites last night at the bar.  Kudos for major reuse of the existing space.  I'm glad they kept the scalloped bar, but I couldn't help feeling like I was still in Midtown.   Drinks hovered around $8.  I spotted bottles of tequila, mezcal & an assortment of wines & beers.  The full bar is reserved for the RR lounge off of Ranstead.

My bf and I tried the guac, sopes & tamales.  The chips were thick and fresh - reminiscent of El Vez - and full of grease.  The guac was plentiful but was incredibly salty.  I wouldn't order it again.

The 2 sopes were beautiful little fried corn patties topped with reddish-pink strips of meat, cheese & creme fraiche.  They were "meaty & delicious" according to the bf.  

The tamales (1 chicken, 1 cheese) were wrapped in banana leaf and corn husk.  They were a little buttery around the edges and well worth the $6 we paid.  I loved that I could share this dish with my carnivorous counterpart.

Overall impression?  Interesting bites, inexpensive prices (our total bill was around $35).  I would have appreciated more info on the menu - as I had to bug our bartender and ask questions about each unfamiliar food I saw.
Sure, it's pricey for tacos. And just to throw this out there, I'm not exactly a Stephen Starr fan boy. Not only that, but The Yelp consensus was that this place is just A-OK. So, out of the gate, El Rey had a few things going against it before I actually decided to try it.

Perhaps my "realistic" expectations made me like this place. That, or I just plain like this place. Probably the latter.

If I had to choose one thing that really made this place shine for me, it was the service. The staff at El Rey, in my experience, are some of the friendliest you'll ever meet. And I've paid women to have sex with me. Just kidding, but not really. 

These people are FRIENDLY. Genuinely so. Last time I happened to be here, it was my birthday. My brother mentioned it off hand, and they gave me free stuff. Sweet.

They're social. They have lives. They talk to you and make good suggestions. They're not pushy with getting you to get more booze. And they attentively sweep crumbs from your table - not sure if that's part of the authentic Mexican vibe they're purportedly going for, but whatever. Much more courteous and helpful than the average American Food Service Bear.

The fish and carnitas tacos are my favorite, here. They're good, and honestly reasonably portioned. I eat a whole hell of a lot on a normal basis. I managed to leave this place full, but not stuffed. I view this as a good thing.

Also, check out the queso fundido. Cheesy greasy goodness - don't be shy about asking for extra tortillas either.

Good job, El Rey.

Pro-tip: treat your servers well. They will do the same for you.
Awesome place to walk to after the Mutter Museum.  This is a pretty cool place.  It's different in the coolest of ways.  The food is awesome, I am not into that type of cuisine but I was very impressed.  I found that the margaritas are especially nice and pack a punch.  The wife and I had two and were feeling no pain.  The décor is different, but that is on purpose, this is a big hipster hangout.  The wife and I were nicely dressed, but blended ok, I would definitely go back.
There are three types of Mexican restaurants: fake Tex-Mex chains with "southwestern burgers", mom & pop spots with simple but flavorful dishes, and El Rey which sits somewhere between mom & pop and innovative tapas. I really like what Stephen Starr has done with the former Midtown IV spot; retaining the diner layout but kitsching it up (in Starr fashion) with random smatterings of Mexico, Elvis, and abstract nudes, giving it a roadside Mexican restaurant feel with a friendly, knowledgeable staff dressed in plaid.

Everything I've tasted here is really good, and I've tried a lot from the menu. As for appetizers, the Nopales (a salad of cactus, avocado, toasted pumpkin seeds, etc.) is amazingly refreshing, the Sopa de Hongos (wild mushroom soup) is well done with a chicken broth base as opposed to cream, and the guacamole, although not the most flavorful or unique I've ever had, does not disappoint. For the main courses, the Los Moles (chicken, lamb, and pork, each in their own sauce) stands out, especially the chicken, which had a sauce reminiscent of curry/Indian flavors, and the almost chocolaty sauce that bathed the lamb. The chilaquiles with fried eggs on top, the gorditas, and the zucchini quesadillas are all delicious, but again, portions might not be what you expect. Only the Los Moles from what I mentioned can serve as a sufficient entree.  

I don't generally like margaritas as I find them cloyingly sweet and a one-way ticket to Hangoverville, but the margaritas at El Rey are smaller and less sweet, with great flavors like tamarind, guava, and mango. The traditional margarita, however, is my favorite, and tastes like you get a little more bang for your buck (aka more tequila), though this could be my imagination. 

Note that I compared El Rey's menu to tapas. The portions are small, so you will want to order a few plates for the table. Only a few of the "Especialidades" items on the menu are enough of a meal for one, the rest, such as the quesadillas, might not be as much food as you're expecting or used to at other places. If you go in knowing this, you won't be disappointed, as the most common complaint I've heard is that El Rey is expensive or the portion sizes are too small. 

El Rey does some things differently, but I think the risks they take here work. The flavors are rich and sometimes have a flair of the unexpected, and each dish has something unique to offer, so again, I recommend ordering a bunch of plates for the table, even if it's just for two. The servers are helpful in explaining the portion sizes and making personal recommendations, take advantage of them and their advice, you'll be happy you did. Oh, and try the outstanding habanero sauce from the kitchen, but don't say I didn't warn you!
I gave 5 stars because I either like something or I don't. 
Normally I'd give El Rey 3 Stars because it's just not my type of place. A tequila bar.
As my tip states, this is overpriced, hipster, Mexican food. Don't think there could be such a thing? Well, my friend, there is. 

Now, I'm all for kitsch and tongue-in-cheek tackiness, but the food better stand up to the American-picker-esque junk and prison art on the walls and Quentin Tarantino style soundtrack. 

The menu here is limited but does have some tacos, enchiladas, and specials. I paid $10 for guacamole and chips and would bet that the guacamole came out of a large tub of the pre-made stuff. The chips were overfried and hard. The other menu items didn't impress either. The pork tacos were small, and more like pork sliders as I think the diameter of the corn tortilla was about 2 inches. The chunks of meat were tender, but were seasoned very strangely and reminded me of cinnamon.

This is another "à la carte restaurant" and so your bill ends up being very pricey. Mr. J got the chicken enchiladas; however, they did not come with rice or beans. Each one of those items will cost you approximately 4 dollars.

I was not impressed and the menu was very underwhelming. Mexican is not that difficult to prepare, but somehow they can't seem to get it.
The quest for a fantastic margarita continues! 

I came here with a college friend so that we could get our pre-game on. It was totally packed, but I managed to get a seat at the bar while I waited for my friend to arrive.

The guava margarita was yummy, but not really worth the $8 I spent on it. The sangria, on the other hand, is to die for! Plus, their beer selection is decent.

One thing that ticked me off was that the hostess refused to seat me at a table until my friend arrived, even though my name had been added to the list. Much larger parties were seated before me--I guess good tips are more important than customer service?

Overall though, this is a nice place to kick back and relax. The atmosphere is dark and cozy. It's not the most authentic Mexican (obvious) but they do have delicious guacamole, which has to count for something!
Number 9 on our Starr breakneck tour. We ordered a pitcher of white sangria which was very good. The elote was well covered with cheese and seasoning, totally delicious. The   Fundido is just cheese melted with stuff on top. I'm used to more of a dip consistency that you can use chips with.
Read through my old reviews. You will see me repeat a personal philosophy numerous times. It is thus: if I know I am going to be socializing at a location but not spending a ton of money, but staying for a while, I plan to tip the waitress fairly well to make up for any additional tips she may have made if the table had turned over after I left.

I think this is just common courtesy. I know that the waitress (or waiter, but for the purpose of this review we'll use the feminine) doesn't KNOW I'm going to do that. I know that she, internally, probably just wants me to go so she can make more money. At the end of the day though she should be treating me like she wants me around.

Today I went to El Rey with two friends for a mini-celebration. We sat at a booth in the back area. We each had a drink and we ordered around $20 worth of food. 

Now I arrived about 10 minutes after my friends. No sooner had I sat down and begun talking to them than our waitress arrived, which is great. However I had not even begun to consider what I wanted, so I told her "Hey, I literally just sat down, if you could give me a minute I'll let you know." Her response to that was "Okay, well how about if I start you off with a margarita?"

I guess that's probably standard, but it was just the WAY she said it. The inflection, the glare. What I *heard* her say was "Ugh. They're not going to spend ANY money, and they're just going to waste my time!" So I said "No thank you." She teetered off, and in the course of the next four minutes came back TWICE to see if I was ready. Now mind you, the place was PACKED.

What then unfolded was the most irritating situation I've ever encountered with a waitress. She wasn't even TRYING to hide the fact that she just wanted us to leave. Everything we did seemed to irritate her. When we finally ordered food she kept coming back asking, with this really deep INTENT in her voice, if we wanted anything else to eat. Like...who does that? Maybe AFTER we're done with what we already ordered, right?

Then after we were done, like magic she was there to take the plates away. Seriously, the SECOND the last morsel had entered a mouth. This was followed by several more 'Can I get you anything else"s in the next five or six minutes. Finally we were so miffed that we told her to go ahead and bring the check.

She did, and my friend closest to the wall took it and put her credit card on it. The waitress ran it through in like sixty seconds and them came back with it for as ignature. My friend took it, signed it, and then put it under her arm so we could just have a damn conversation for a little while. The waitress cruised past several times over the next five minutes, sort of peering at the table looking for the check. It would be one thing if she was just politely checking in case we were ready to pay, but no; she was OBVIOUSLY impatiently waiting.

She finally came by and, WHILE SAYING THE PHRASE "Can I go ahead and get that for you?" REACHED ACROSS THE TABLE AND UNDER MY FRIEND'S ARM TO TAKE THE TRAY WITH THE SIGNED RECEIPT ON IT!!!!!!!

I'd like to tell you the food was amazing, especially the chicken tacos. I could tell you that, because it was. Unfortunately all I can remember is my waitress making me feel, from the second I got there, that I was not welcome and that she wanted me to leave.

For the record, our actual bill came to approximately $21.00. Based on my usual standard I would have tipped about 50% and left a $10. Based on her behavior, we left under 10%; $2.00. So she sort of proved her own foregone conclusion.
I went there today for lunch and it was GOOD! They have a 9.99 two course lunch deal. The cayote salad was pretty good. It tasted like a Medditeranean salad with a sweet corn kick to it! The chicken enchiladas used the green sauce rather then the red sauce. I usually get the red sauce, but either way it was good! My coworker had the tortilla soup and she enjoyed it. I would def come here again for lunch! Thanks again B!
Solid food. Pretty good prices. Low key decor. I was pleasantly surprised with El Rey overall. I had the cheesiest enchilada I've ever had (no complaints here) along with chips and salsa. Also, with 7 bottled beers and 5 drafts, the choices range from the typical (Corona) to slightly more rare in Mexican restaurants (Southhampton Double White).
tl;dr a casual Mexican cantina with unbeatable off-hour specials

Rittenhouse has become a bastion for both fast-casual and sophisticated table service, with little room for anything in between. Yet "in between" is exactly where El Rey carves its niche -- a sit-down Mexican-inspired spot with legitimately cheap eats (which are surprisingly less expensive than some nearby fast-casuals).

El Rey looks and feels like a 50's diner, sporting Latin-patterned green-and-yellow tile and a long bar along the right side of the restaurant. Booths with forest green upholstery line either side of the restaurant, while knickknacks like photographs and antique newspaper articles adorn the walls. The ambiance is completed by Latin mariachi music humming in the background.

The two unbeatable deals at El Rey are the Weekday "Comida Corrida" special and the power Happy Hour. For the lunch, start with fresh chips and salsa, then pair an appetizer and small entree for only $10 for a laidback meal. Alternatively, during Happy Hour, an assortment of $1 tacos and $3-4 drinks are on the menu, making for a boisterous atmosphere.

During my last visit for lunch, I opted for the Nachos and the Pozole Pork Belly Gorditas. The chips and salsa starter was quickly served to my hungry party. The chips are warm, study, and crisp, and we ravenously chowed down. The nachos were served in a solo clay pot, decorated with chorizo, cheese, black beans, and jalapeños. They are tasty and surprisingly hearty despite the single-serving. My entree dish consists of 2 gorditas, topped with pork, cheese, and lettuce. While the pork was robustly flavored with Latin spices, I couldn't get over the doughiness of each bun -- it almost reminded me of a bao. I also wish the entree was bigger, but I guess you get what you pay for. Nonetheless, for only $12.50 (after tax and tip), my power lunch felt like a complete success, which is why I keep coming back.
Warning: Review written by a Mexican who makes her own real Mexican food and is completely biased when it comes to restaurants. 

I was very curious about this place. When I first saw it I thought it was a regular Mexican place then I found out it was Mr. Starr's... I decided to try it anyway and I regret the fact that I did...

Has Mr. Starr ever really had Mexican food? The cooks are mexican... why can't they just make the food like it's SUPPOSED to be.

I got ceviche. Does he even know what that is? The shrimp wasn't diced, there was no lime juice (that's how it's supposed to cook), it was drenched in tomato paste, there shouldn't be any tomato paste in ceviche. It came with 6 chips... 6! Are you kidding... it was $10

Boyfriend got zopes. Wow, how sad. These lame excuses for zopes... not to mention only 2 tiny sized zopes... for $10. Pathetic.

2 margaritas... i essentially paid for the shot of tequila that was topped off with ice, that's how small they were and they were $7.50. There was more ice than drink in my glass. I appreciate the fact that there was a lot of alcohol and not just juice but make it taste like a margarita.

Oooh better suggestion: Play better music too! How about some spanish stuff!!! The place was crowded and all the tables were taken, so sad... the servers kept hitting my bag that was in an empty chair next to me, is it really that small that you must knock into my stuff every time you walk by? I appreciate the server being helpful and telling my dish was very small but I refuse to pay over $50 for a meal that isn't going to leave me somewhat satisfied in taste and quantity. 

I must say I am very impressed with the fact that management asked you how your meal and greeted you when you left... It seemed like one of the managers saw how unhappy I was with my food and it felt like he just kept looking at me trying to figure out what was wrong.

**If you want real, cheap, better tasting Mexican food go to Washington Avenue, anything there is much better than Mr. Starr's lame attempt to create an authentic Mexican restaurant. 
*This place is clearly for the Rittenhouse residents that are too afraid to go a bit south and want something posh to enjoy. 

The fact that Mexican cooks have to cook the food must be a slap in the face for them, I feel bad for them. I know I would quit just knowing that this is what he's selling for an ENORMOUS profit. Clearly he's making at least $8 off every dish he sells.
I'll start with the negatives and end with the positives.  El Rey was a frustrating experience.  I've mentioned this before, and I'll mention again.  I'm from Texas and highly critical of my Mexican food.  El Rey does a disservice for Yankees.  Here's why:

1.  They are trying to look like a real Tex Mex place, but nothing is old, has a story behind it, or authentic.  
2.  You can't get pitchers of margaritas.
3.  My Negra Modelo did not come with a lime. Blasphemy.
4.  There is no salt on the table.  (This is just like totally inappropriate for an authentic Mexican place)
5.  Chips and salsa are not part of your meal.  You have to order that.
6.  The hostess is not assertive.  She's passive.  She's a hostess.  Make it happen.
7.  The "mexican" candles on the tables aren't Mexican at all.  They opted for the pop art post mod expensive ones instead.
8.  The napkins aren't cloth and the glasses aren't plastic.

The positives:

1.  Chicken Tinga is delicious and I'll probably go back for it.
2.  The prices are fair.
3.  The staff is friendly.
4.  I like the lighting.
5.  Good for sharing.
6.  There are booths.

I'll go back, and I should know better than to expect anything different.  I was just hoping that instead of making a parody of an authentic Mexican restaurant, he might actually do something out of his comfort cookie cutter zone.
When it comes down to it Starr restaurants just aren't my bag. But despite that El Rey has plenty that I enjoy, even though its a far cry from traditional Mexican which is something that I normally get critical of.

When I first heard that the old Midtown diner was no more and a Stephen Starr joint was moving in. I was feeling the agony of defeat. But as I started to to see signs promising tacos and burritos, and noticed that they were keeping as much of the original exterior as possible, and I was beginning to feel intrigued. And finally checking it out ended up paying in dividends.

The fact that they managed to be so faithful to the vibe and decor of the old school diner, while managing to do things like making the old shady back bar feel more inviting is truly an awesome feat. and the crazy movie posters that they added to the walls are pretty fantastic to look at!

Dionico Jimenez was a culinary marvel when he worked at Xochitl. And him working under Starr makes for a pretty interesting combination (almost the equivalent of when Garces did). He manages to bring some subtle innovations to some tried and true Mexican dishes (awesome lamb tacos!) that oftentimes deliver. and Yet he also manages to stay faithful to plenty of other dishes. the fact that drink range from a wide variety of margaritas, and reasonably priced beers, to jarritos and Mexican cocoa-cola is a plus too.

Overall El Rey still has plenty of the glitz and flash that usually rubs me the wrong way about Starr restaurants. But it also stands out just enough to make it worth the visit.
All (flavored or unflavored) margs now $5, $2 veggie tacos, $3 chicken tacos, $4 fish and carnitas tacos - $1 chips and salsa still. Yikes. We've seen the evolution of the $1 fish taco go from large chunks of fish with nice pickled onions and crema on top to what looks like ground fish with a way too much cilantro dumped on top for $4 with the same size tortilla. For good, cheap margs for hh, I'll continue to come here, but when I want a good fish taco for $4 a pop, I'll go to south Philly.
Ah, the long, relaxing, drunken and delicious meals I have had at El Rey... Ah!

First, don't ignore the happy hour here. It runs from 4 to 6 p.m., Monday through Friday and as the week teeters toward the weekend, if you aren't there by 4:30 p.m. at the latest, you can risk not getting seated. Not sure about this? Let me tempt you. $4 for a classic margarita. $5 for a foofy flavored one. A good, cold margarita, too; very strong and not 3/4 ice. Add $1 for chips and salsa and $2 for chicken, fish or vegetable tacos. Et voila! You don't need to cook later on. You can just bemusedly stagger home and fall into bed. Or onto the couch. 

How 'authentic' is the food? Well, I can't address that other than to say if the real deal is what you're after, South Philly has a plethora of 'real' Mexican eating establishments should that be your goal. Don't come here expecting huitlacoche quesadillas and obscure mezcal flights and you won't be disappointed. 

El Rey looks like a crazy diner inside because that's what it used to be-an all night diner. It's got cozy booth seating as well as a long counter where you can drink and eat. Most of the servers remind me of the type you'd encounter in a diner as well. A bit long suffering, sometimes brusque, very fast and efficient and if they know you aren't going to get smashed and obnoxious, they soften up. They are also invariably great at alerting you to when happy hour is ending so you have time to order a few more bargain priced drinks and apps. So remember to tip accordingly.

Over the years, I've had most of the menu and it's all good. You won't ever go wrong with the nachos. They're dependable-big and basic which isn't a bad thing. Their guacamole is quite good. The chilaquiles are a great brunch meal. All the ceviches are fresh and well made. The chile rellenos are one of my dinner favorites. Portions are generous and did I say El Rey makes a good, strong classic margarita?

Another interesting thing about this place? If you are polite and earnest and ask nicely, a shortcut through El Rey's kitchen takes you to a wonderful, speakeasy type bar-The Ranstead Room-right behind the restaurant. 

So stop ordering El Rey's food from GrubHub or DoorDash and complaining about it on Yelp. Get some gumption, leave work early, get here at 4:05 p.m. and start doing some two fisted margarita drinking and $2 taco munching.
in the world of hipster dining, starr restaurants=bad.
in the world of elitist foodies, starr restaurants=not unique.

and since i am a die-hard hipster wannabe foodie elitist, i really didn't want to like this place.
but ya know, i walked away happy, satisfied, and pleasantly surprised.
drinks=delightful.  food=tasty and perfectly salty, and on the low end of starr prices.  decor=wonderfully tacky.  service=friendly.
it's like he wanted to make up for el vez or something.

i remember eating mexican corn outside of thrift stores back in chicago....
  the corn here brought back those childhood memories... (there, did that bring back my hipster street cred??)
I've been here several times for lunch. Their $10 business lunch combo is an incredible deal! It comes with chips & salsa, an appetizer, and and entrée. The chips are nice and crispy, and the portion is HUGE - I always bring home leftover chips to make my own nachos at home. 

I really enjoy their nachos and get them every time I come here. The lunch portion is smaller than the dinner portion, but still very filling and delicious. Their tacos are good too, but on the tinier side. The selection isn't huge for the lunch combos, but I've always been happy with the nachos and either the tacos or enchiladas.
Ambiance:  Kitschy chic.  This restaurant tries very hard, and succeeds at being charmingly low brow.  It feels fun and cozy.

Service:  Our waitress was terrible.  A skinny black girl with really short hair and a huge attitude.  We let her know that the three of us would be ordering from the lunch special and asked that chips and salsa be brought out.  She rolled her eyes and splayed open her hands in a strained and frustrated kind of way.  Despite her obvious resentment at our request, she agreed she would bring them out.  Our request was not out of line, nor was there any justification for her to show such obvious annoyance at us.  It kind of ruined our meal because every time she would come back by our table, it was uncomfortable.

Food:  The lunch special deal was a great opportunity to try some new flavors.  The cactus salad was a light and bright flavored delight.  The texture of the cactus was great.  I got the short rib enchiladas which are raved about on yelp.  While I agree that they were good, they weren't anything special.  Perhaps the addition of another spice or acid would have made the flavor pop.

Overall:  I would come back for a cozy fun atmosphere and yummy food - but request not to be seated in the rude waitress' section.
I'm from California and the food here is not authentic Mexican food. But do feel free to enjoy the atmosphere which reminds you of being in a Mexican joint. I had the tamales which is probably a bad choice to begin with, my bad. But I tried my husband's tacos and even they were unimpressive. Then for dessert, I once was served a Choco Taco ice cream (remember those?!) with "strawberry salsa". I know, don't ask. Sigh...
I'm not sure about a pricey taco place trying to look cheap.. 9 bucks for 3 tiny tacos with no guacamole or salsa, 10 dollars for guacamole and another 3 bucks for chips and salsa.  Mexican food should be cheap....you can get great delicious tacos at a number of places in the city where you can still get that great dingy vibe without being contrived.  The sangria was pretty good, but was 25 dollars a pitcher which you got 3 glasses out of when you could just get a glass of sangria for 7 bucks.  

On the plus side, we were seated pretty quickly even though the place was relatively packed but the server came by our table a few too many times.  I got the imperssion he wanted us to hurry up and get out of there since we were done eating, but still enjoying our drinks.  I'll probably go back for their happy hours but definitely not when I'm craving some delicious Mexican.
Came for late lunch on a weekday holiday. Within a few minutes, we were getting waters and checking out the menu, and once the food was ordered, it came out very quickly. The $9.99 lunch special is an insane deal! Just enough food, lots of chips and salsa, and the daily and special plates they have to choose from are all unique. I got the chicken soup, which came in a small bowl but it was very filling and the flavor was spot on and perfect for the chilly weather. Nachos come stacked with meat and cheese, the fried tacos are small but filled and flavorful, and the enchiladas were soft and tasty as well. Not the most authentic Mexican food, but I thoroughly enjoyed every flavor and they style they have.

 Really can't complain about the quality for the price! To get the check took a few extra minutes, but once we made contact with the waiter, got out of there pretty quickly. I'd definitely come back and try another special. Good food, great location, and even better happy hour deals!
I've been to El Rey a handful of times, and keep coming back for one main reason - the food is really pretty good. It's not blow you out of the water good, but it's fairly inventive, uses quality ingredients and is well prepared.

Last time we were there, we got the grande quesadilla, which was basically a spectacle at our two person table. (It's about 3 feet long.) It was filled with different kinds of meats and cheeses and came with a tiny buffet of toppings and sauces. We got the guac and chips. Pretty standard, but good. We got the tamale trio, which we were pleasantly surprised by (most non-authentic Mexican restaurants mess them up.) And we got the enchiladas, which were decent, but not too special. Overall, a very (very!) filling meal, and all went nicely with our pitcher of classic margaritas.

If it were just about the food, I'd give El Rey 4 stars, but unfortunately, I keep coming back to the service. I am a very open minded and friendly person when I come to a restaurant. I don't expect to be treated like royalty, but I do want to be treated right.

This time, we put our name in and walked down the street for a beer to kill time for the 20 minute wait they told us about when we arrived at 9:40. Well, before long it was 10:10, and we were wandering back because they hadn't called or texted yet. We found out they took our name off the list (supposedly because someone had told them to.) In my world, we would have been seated next, but yet we waited for another 20-25 minutes at the restaurant, while people got up and left, others were sat and they slowly cleared off tables. Then at our table, our waitress seemed to be in another world and barely took our order (after 15 minutes of waiting at our table.) The food came out at a decent pace, but then we struggled to flag people down to fill our waters.

It's a toss up for me, because I'm sure there are good nights and good servers here. I just - in my 3 or 4 times I've been - have not experienced it. If you are just in the area and have lots of time and want a meal that contains guacamole and some pretty decent margaritas, head on in.
El Rey has definitely going to become a regular lunch spot for me.

The place is pretty large and tacky as hell.  I kind of love that about it.  On a lunch special, you can grab 3 courses for a nice price which also includes chips and salsa.  If you're looking for a quick lunch though, this isn't your spot.  You will use your full hour, especially when they are busy.

Recently, I've taken to just ordering off the regular menu at lunch.  While the lunch special is a nice deal, I find it's too much food for me.  The pork tacos are tasty, as well as the portabello ones.  It's really a tossup for which I like more.
I normally come here for their lunch specials during the week. It's $10 for an appetizer and an entree, for the city this is super cheap! 

I always get the nachos as my appetizer and have tried the enchiladas, huevos rancheros, as well as the tacos. Everything is solid, the nachos are a decent portion while the entree is a little smaller than you expect but for lunch it is a good portion. 

They also have a good happy hour specials. Overall, quick meal, friendly staff, and nice ambience. Looks better inside than from the outside.
Continuing my never ending quest for cheap and delicious food, I went back to El Rey for their new $9.99 lunch deal. The two course meal, plus chips and salsa seemed to good to pass up. And it was. nom.

I had the wild mushroom soup and short rib enchiladas, both of which were delicious. My friend had the tortilla soup and sopes which she loved also. Stephen Starr quality food, for the price of diner food. Win.
Decided to give this place a second chance after not loving it last year and still stunk. The service is what makes me dislike this place so much. Every server, bartender and host we've had here has been rude, cocky and obnoxious and trust me, I'm not a fussy diner. 

When we went on saturday the bartender judged what we were ordering, and not in an "i dont recommend that item" fashion, he was just being a jerk. I got a pretty gross smelling glass for my margarita (that wet dog, not washed properly smell) that made it hard to drink. Wasn't that tasty regardless of the glass smell. The pitcher wasn't exactly worth $32 either that was quite lacking on alcohol. I do appreciate their flavors and variety like having a tamarind margarita and extensive tequila menu. 

The food is good actually and I liked the tacos I got here last year but its nothing outstanding, innovative, or generously portioned. I would give it 3 or 4 stars for the food but just the rude service and prices bring it down so much.  Their menu does have a lot of great options and I would like to try their tamales one day, but I can do without stepping in here again. Their queso fundido's great though and so is the salsa.
Oh Mr. Starr, you know how to please a lady. Feed her delicious $1 tacos after work and give her $2 tecate and she will be feeling fine.  The chicken were good but the steak were better.  Service is always great and I saw more than one couple with a child under 5 here, which says this is a neighborhood joint.

Considering my kitchen basically looks like El Rey, I always feel right at home under the 70's string lights and Mexican movie posters.  For the center city crowd, come a few block West and find one of the best happy hours around.
El Rey is a good restaurant if you're into that kind of stuff. When I eat tacos I want large portions, big tacos. When I eat dip I want big chips, refills. This place serves smaller portions for big prices. It was a nice meal but I doubt I'll go back.

As far as wheelchair accessibility, they take a ramp out for the two front steps. However, when approaching the restrooms as I left I found that there was too little space to turn and enter the actually restroom. So the entrance can be made accessible but make sure not to drink a lot because if you are in a wheelchair you won't be able to fit inside the restroom.
Dear El Rey,
Please pretend you are cooking the food after I order it. That means my enchiladas should not appear at the table TWO MINUTES after I place the order. 
PS. And if you are pretending to be a dive Mexican joint,  you might want to consider offering free chips and salsa with the drinks.
 
Thank you,
-s
It looks divey from the outside and it is divey in the inside. But I guess this is the place where the hipsters go after work for a divey happy hour. When I entered the seedy looking building I was pleasantly greeted by nicely dressed host/cashier who helped to find single seating at the bar/counter for me. I was immediately greeted by one of the female staff members who went over the regular menu as well as the happy hour menu in detail. There were a lot of food options for $1-3, beer $2-4 and heavily discounted margaritas, couldn't beat that deal. I started off with a $2 Tecate and a $3 quesadilla. The beer was cold, the food was warm and arrived quickly. The pleasant server with a beautiful blonde afro was very attentive and kept everything running smoothly. 

Now they've sucked me in with great prices and engaging service! I took another crack at ordering, this time I had $1 taco's one fish and the other steak. Both arrived promptly filled with tasty ingredients. I was pleasantly surprised, I suggest you take the 'dive' at least during Happy Hour M-F 5:00-6:30!
I really like El Rey.  I like the decor and even more so I love the Happy Hour.  There are really great deals on margaritas, beers, and appetizers.  The food is good.  I also was very impressed by the fact that when I asked about gluten in their items they brought me an entirely gluten free menu!  This is a really great establishment and one of my favorite places to do Happy Hour in the area.
Not a happy camper.
Went to El Rey at 4:40 PM - was told no dinner until 5 - but we could have a drink and chips & salsa ($3.50 - very tasty).

I ordered what i always get - the classic margarita.  Ugh - it was so bitter.
I asked them to re-make it, explaining that it tasted unusually bitter.  they remade it - and it tasted the same - dreadful.  They remade it a second time and it was good - but not the smooth, limey-sweetness that it usually is.  So I drank it.

I got fish tacos ($9 for 3 tacos) and they are the exact same tiny tacos you get for $1 during happy hour - no rice or beans or anything with them.  So I got a side order of corn on the cob (good stuff!).

I am sticking to happy hour here from how on.
My husband will stick with Qdoba.
I told myself I wouldn't be back, but somehow I ended up back in the same place 1.5 weeks later. I came around lunch time on Memorial Day with my SIL, and we were offered the lunch menu but opted for the full menu instead. 

We ordered vegetarian nachos & eggplant enchiladas. Eggplant enchiladas are really mild but we asked for habanero sauce on the side which was super spicy but added a great kick to the enchiladas  The nachos were really good and came in like a huge pizza pan, but they got soggy really quick due to the amount of sauce and beans that were spread all over.

And we also ordered a "pitcher" of Passionfruit in Oaxaca Margaritas for $36. Pitcher is in quotes because when we got the margaritas, she only gave us a 1/2 full pitcher (with ice). NO JOKE. Like imagine a half glass full of water. My SIL and I both got one more margarita out of the pitcher which was useless because we were better off just ordering another glass. If you see a trend in my reviews, you'll see I ordered eggplant enchiladas both times which are definitely worth it & delicious. God knows I'll probably be back again, but hopefully next time for happy hour because it's HELLA pricey when it's not HH.
Two weekends in a row for me in the Rittenhouse Square area.  If this keeps up, I might ruin my image. 

I saw this place several times, but chose tonight to go in.  So, I do dig the classic diner look from the old Midtown influence.  It has a way of making me feel right at home.  

Food wise, let me run down the whole list...

Chips and salsa... I'm a fan of these style of chips.  The thick style without too much salt makes me taste the salsa better.  And with this fresh salsa, that's a good thing.  I didn't even mind that they weren't free.  

Wild mushroom soup... decent, but not the absolute best.  I think I had different expectations for this.  

Pork carnitas tacos... now we're getting in my wheelhouse.  The subtle seasoning of the pork just worked for me.  

Side dishes of rice and esquites... this is what really worked for me!  Here's a tip.  Order both of these and mix them together!  Trust me, it works.  

The wife got a dinner special that I don't remember the name of.  On the bill, it's still listed as "dinner special".  But it was basically one big tostada with chorizo, potatoes, lettuce, pico, egg, and a few other things.  It never stood a chance between the two of us! 

Service on the night we went, I would classify as overly friendly.  As I look on my receipt which I stuffed into my pocket at the end of the night, we had Zach.  He was excellent.  At least two other waiters came by our table through the evening to check on us and thank us for coming while wishing us a good evening.  Heck, you'd think they just opened up or something and are trying to get in the public's good graces.  Don't know if this is a regular occurrence but it was a good touch.  

So what kept it from getting 5 stars?  Three things.  First, I really wanted to try the guacamole, but I couldn't bring myself to spring for the $10 it cost.  I'm sure it's awesome, and it's not that I am not willing to spend $10.  I'm just not willing to spend $10 on guacamole.  Second, the table wobbled all night.  I wondered if Mr Starr just went with the tables the Midtown left behind.   Third, the soup maybe just wasn't my style.  It was good but not great.  

But, I will go back again.  Even if it is not totally authentic for whatever reason a Mexican food snob might not think it is, it's still pretty darn good cooking they're putting out here.
Best Michelada ever!! Been here a few place only for its drinks. Comes in boot shaped glass and I love the spicy salt on the rim of the glass gives great taste to the drink. 
I have tried their lunch specials ($15) for quite a few times. Few of the many things I tried here - Tortilla soup realllyyyy delicious. Love it!!! Nopales salad is great too. Black bean enchiladas for main course is pretty filling and good taste again. I have never been disappointed with the food here except the fish taco wasn't completely my taste but no complains on other food. Tamarindo is an amazing drink too. Overall great place for happy hour as well as lunch. The service is great too!!!
Service was blah... I came here last night for dinner at 7 and the waitress was weird. The chicken quesadillas were dry and salty. I have no idea how they screwed up the quesadillas. The sangria was yummy and the churros was amazing.

I decreased my rating to 3 * bc of the service and bad entree.
i like the decor, i like the drinks, i like the quick and attentive service, i like the halibut tacos, i like the short rib enchiladas, i like the margaritas, i like the pricing.

so, as the four stars indicate, "Yay!  I'm a fan."
This place is a waste of time/money. The food is just average even though they try so hard to make it seem like it's a new and improved version of Mexican food.

The service was bad and lacked any sort of emotion. Apathetic-waiter man came over and kept exactly the same facial expression and tone of voice for the entire encounter.

The salsa was mostly red pepper chili water and had no other taste at all. The food was also a dumbed down bland version of real mexican food.

This place is running a business on the reputation of a famous owner who has probably never set foot in this place except to see what kind of bs decor his money bought him. 

The worst thing about this place- they play like they're authentic mexican food. SO far from the truth. El Rey- I don't see you guys lasting. Might be wise to just pack up now. 

Totally unimpressed with this place.

Any real mexican restaurant will outshine this place in every single way possible any day of the week. Don't believe me? Go eat at El Azteca.
Food -- Good

Price - RIP OFF!!!

Salsa they serve is weird. 

Everything is a la carte so they totally rob you for a normal mexican meal.

GO FOR - happy hour for drinks and chepa tacos. NOTHING more.

All in All- TOO EXPENSIVE for the FOOD and AMBIENCE
I've been to EL Rey many times over the years. The $1 tacos and drink specials make it a fun, inexpensive, spot for Happy Hour. And the $9 soup + entree lunch specials make it a good spot for lunch with coworkers. The Mexican food is tasty and I've never left disappointed.

But...  Stephen Starr's El Rey feels like Stephen Starr's El Vez's little sister. The atmosphere & food is good but not quite up to the level of El Vez. As a smaller restaurant, the decor is also not up to El Vez standards. It's only advantage is the lower price point.  But if you are someone who likes to go to Happy Hour often, that price difference because a huge plus.
I stopped at El Rey Wednesday night. The place was packed but luckily there was one table available. We got seated quickly and ordered a mango margarita pitcher, nachos(chorizo, cheese, black beans, jalapeño, habanero salsa), queso fundido ( melted cheese with chorizo & poblanos) & a chicken quesadilla. We loved everything! Ao much flavor and warmth in every bite. Our favorite was the nachos and the margarita. We'll definitely return!
Ordered delivery through Caviar from El Rey with my daughter, and it was great.  The food was delivered within 30 minutes and nice and hot.  We ordered Guacamole, and it was very tasty and a nice portion with lots of chips.  I ordered the Chile Relleno and it was very flavorful, maybe just needed to be a little more spicy, it was on the mild side.  I also got a side of the Black beans, and they were one of the best parts of the meal, whipped beans basically with nice flavor and a little heat, really excellent side if you like beans.  My daughter got a chicken Quesadilla which was very good.  We ended with the Tres Leches cake which was excellent, definitely would order it again, included some nice blackberries. Overall a great home delivery experience, had low expectations but the food was excellent.
For what it's worth this place is pretty good - quality TexMex just left of Center City. 

This is a Steven Starr restaurant and draws menu inspiration from sister restaurant El Vez. There's still plenty of foot traffic towards this end of Center City, so likely will need to circle for parking and what not. I recommend parking closer to the I-76 ramp and walking down especially when the weather is nicer out. Otherwise, closer street parking is available though depending on when you're venturing in, the likelihood of finding it easy is variable at best. 

Walking in, it's lively with lots of color and noise, but also a bit dark. It has seating for large groups as well as small tables, so accommodations from a numbers perspective is manageable. It does get a little noisy inside, so during our time there it was difficult to hear one another. I think it was more of the music from the speakers than the chatter from the guests. I don't think I would've mind this too much if it wasn't so dark inside. I pair dark lighting with a more quiet affair so I think my senses were thrown off. 

The dinner menu is fairly expansive and covers your typical TexMex fare - from nachos, guac, quesadillas, empanadas, fajitas, etc. They have some good twists to staples such as their different guac flavors (tahini based, Chihuahua cheese, etc.), and the pumpkin seed sauce with with their empanadas. 

On our last visit, we settled on their nachos to start since that was the most veggie friendly option we like. While peering the menu, we were trying to see which items we can make veggie friendly since most of options seemed to require modifications. We discussed this with our waitress and she was happy to offer options that were veggie friendly, and suggested items we hadn't even considered! The waitress herself also eats vegetarian, so she was able to give some personal accounts of what has worked for her with the menu items. I love that touch of familiarity! We ended up ordering empanadas as well after that conversation. 

For the nachos I liked that they took the time to cover most of the chips with the toppings instead of piling everything in the center so you're left with some uncovered chips and others soggy from the weight of all the toppings. We were in the mood for some lite bites that will fill us up and the nachos definitely did the trick! Since we had the empanadas on order as well, we split a plate to try the veggie friendly creation and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised! I'm not a fan of empanadas usually, but I think El Rey is an exception. The filling was flavorful and not dry. The red sauce layered on top help to add some spice to the dish, which is always a plus for me!

Overall - I liked our time here. The menu items available definitely were opened up after chatting with the waitress, and I appreciated the flavors. I want to come back and try a few of the other options!
Not a big fan of  Stephen Starr in general, but he did take over a Midtown diner to open El Rey and that is a huge plus b/c anytime one of those sorry shithole excuse of a diner is closed, Philadelphia's property value goes up. 

Basing this review more on grabbing drinks then food, though I did grab a little food here once. My guess is Starr was trying to do the trendy Mexican thing but not be over the top obnoxious like El Vez.....ehh I like the setting: the dining seating is nothing special, but I really like the 50s, 60s, & 70s posters plastered on the walls. Apparently, Batman like J Edgar Hoover was a cross dresser who favored brazlian cut bikinis. Their cerveza menu is hurting, but their tequila although not as vast as say Dos Segundos or El Vez has some good picks. I had a few sips of some margaritas- the guava and mango were pretty good if that is your thing, but Dos Segundos cucumber and jalapeno margarita is my one and only.

The time I had food was what u expect from Starr..OK but overpriced.  I had some cerviche, carnitas and guac and chips. A couple of beers, shots of tequila and margaritas and I got a Mexican Fawk U from Mr Starr during check time. Overall if you are in this part of town and want a good place to talk and grab some drinks and pick at some food I wouldn't fight it... too much.
Went here for the first time last night. Place seems pretty cool insidr. My friends and I had to request a table with the beautiful hostess, Jo. There was a little bit of a wait but nothing crazy. 

Started off with a pitcher of Mango margarita which was amazing, shouts to the bartenders. An order of the loaded nachos which surprisinly was not too spicy and had ground beef on it. 

I order brisket tacos which I'm sure is a recipe from heaven itself. I tasted the salsa Verde enchilada that was also great. What really caught my attention was something the server suggested. The best way to describe it is a pork, beef 1.5 foot long taco ! It was the perfect blend of seasoning and meats which also came with three different sauces: unfortunately it is not on the menu and was the special for the day. But be warned, it's a new worth sharing with two other people. 

I look forward to eating here more in the future
I'm a Texas-made girl who is familiar with the spectrum of "Mexican food" in Tejas and in various parts of Mexico. This place deserves every bit of this 5-star review.

The food is more authentic then most Tex-mex that I come across in my home state. What a find! Thank you Philly and many thanks to El Rey for being awesome.

I highly recommend the Michelada to accompany homemade chips with chunky salsa appetizer.  Top it off with a platter full of nachos which feeds 4 people.

Although it was off the menu, my guest ordered plain cheese enchiladas with salsa roja and they were good too.
This place might be easy to miss, as it looks fairly similar to the old Midtown IV that used to be in this location.  I went with a friend on 4/28/2010 at around 8:15, and it was pretty busy.  We were told to expect a 15-30 min wait, so we left our phone number and checked out the Ranstead Room rather than taking a seat at the bar.  The wait was in the 15-30 min. range (I don't know exactly how long it was).  I got a tamarind margarita, having read good things about it, but I wasn't terribly into it.  I wasn't really sure what a tamarind margarita would taste like, so I'll chalk that one up to personal preference.

We wanted to sample a wide variety, so we ordered the nopales (cactus) salad, churros, queso fundido with chorizo and poblano peppers, chicken quesadillas, chicken enchiladas, and shortrib torta.  The salad had nice textural contrast, especially with the pumpkin seeds, but the flavors, while fine, were a bit one-dimensional.  The acidity could've been toned down, and the (cotija?) cheese contributed saltiness more than flavor.  My friend likes eating dessert at the beginning of the meal, so we had the churros next.  They were served with a cajeta caramel dipping sauce.  They were tasty, hot and fresh, although nothing earth-shattering.  I would have preferred slightly larger churros, or more of them.  The queso fundido was served with four tortillas (we wound up requesting more, which came gratis) and was greasy and delicious.  Probably my favorite part of the meal.  The chicken in the chicken enchiladas was pretty bland and boring texturally, although the rest of the dish was well-executed.  Sometimes the tortillas can disintegrate in the salsa, or sometimes they're too tough, but these were good.  Again, the portion was a little smaller than I would've liked.  The torta tasted fine, but it was all sort of soft and the flavors weren't terribly distinct.  I think using a crunchier roll would have improved the dish.  Our quesadilla didn't come out, and we asked our waitress about it.  Initially she wasn't sure if she'd placed the order, so we asked if we could switch to the gordita (since I'd heard her recommend it at another table).  It turned out the quesadilla just hadn't been sent out (probably because we were pigs and already had a pretty full table with everything we'd ordered).  She gave us both the quesadilla and the gordita and comped both, which was pretty nice.  The quesadilla came with a salsa fresca with avocado chunks and was simple but good.  The gorditas came as three mini towers with a puffed up disk of fried masa on the top and on the bottom and small shreds of pork in the middle.  Again, they were good but not revelatory, another variation on grease and meat and spice and acidity.

Overall, I was a little disappointed.  This place is really close to where I live, and I was hoping for a Starr-ized Italian Market taqueria with similar food to the taquerias at slightly higher prices.  The food was not quite as good as some of the taquerias I've been to, the portions were a little smaller, and the prices were higher.  I think the bill came to about 55 before tax and tip, and that was with two items comped--a meal for two at a taqueria wouldn't break $20.  There are other Mexican places in the city (Taqueria Dos Segundos, for instance) that I like because they have similar food to the bare-bones taquerias and I'm willing to pay a little more for slightly lower-quality food for ambiance.  I don't think El Rey wins in that department, though.  It's a little hard to judge the atmosphere since the place just opened, but it was loud and hectic when I went, and that sort of detracts from the cheap diner-y vibe they're going for.  I'm sure there are people who'll love this, and I'll probably go back just because it's conveniently located.  All in all, not bad, just not what I was hoping for.
$1 tacos every day, M-F 5-6:30 PM. 'Nuff said. They might be small but the variety that is offered is unparalleled. Usually $1 tacos are either chicken or pork but we had the option of fish, chicken, steak, cheese and veggie tacos. Also, the food came out faster than the drinks - that was definitely a surprise to me. Don't let the outside of El Rey deter you from entering - it definitely looked grungy and a little run-down (suburban girl through and through #sorrynotsorry) but once you walk in it's almost like a diner retro-vibe -- I kinda liked it! Their pear margarita was the special marg of the day and it was heavenly. Strong, delicious, sweet - everything I look and appreciate in drinks. Highlight of the meal was definitely the vegetable empanada which was the right amount of crispy on the outside and oozy cheezy on the inside. Definitely coming back. Would highly recommend. Waiters are very attentive and it was busy, but not overly crowded at 5:30 on a Tuesday night. GO GO GO!
Decent little spot. We went on a Saturday night. They did not take reservations so the 8 of us decided to give it a shot anyway. Hour wait. Lame but expected. I personally enjoyed a few Pacifico's while I waited and tried not to be in the way. I am extra large and the place is not very big so it was difficult to not be a road block. 
   Anyways, the queso fundido, the nachos, and short rib enchiladas all get an A plus. Delicious.  El Rey is very reasonably priced. (I'm not cheap like many Yelp reviewers i see) It's like El Vez's cheap dirty little brother. The bill, drinks included, came to $30 a head. I look forward to going back soon.
Okay Mr. Steven Starr....I see you steppin your game up.

I've been wanting to go to El Rey for some time after experiencing over- priced/mediocre/bland Mexican food in Philly.  I'm so glad El Rey did not disappoint!

So heres the deal:

ATMOSPHERE: the place seems a little too narrow to be a restaurant, but I'm sure Starr chose it for it's primo location. The bar was also right up front which interfered with the waiting patrons....so this added to the claustrophobic feel. The restaurant attempts to give you that authentic Mexican vibe with its exposed stone walls, flags, cheesy decals, and christmas lights--I can dig it.  I like how this place is not upscale and it's more about the food here than the decor.  I will say the diversity of the crowd sucked, but lets hope with time that will change.  

SERVICE: I was a little upset when the hostess seated us allll the way in the back booth by the kitchen...that is until I saw our waiter---ca-yute!!  I'm sure he gets some fat tips with that gorgeous smile.  Not only was he easy on the eyes, he was extremely charming and knowledgeable about the food.  Ladies...maybe you should request a seat in the back, and I'm sorry I don't know his name.  

FOOD:  My table started off with the Chilaquiles with the fried egg.  I enjoyed it, nothing spectacular, but it was good.  I ordered the short rib enchilada, since it came highly recommended by my best foodie friend Yelp. It did not disappoint!  Really good-awesome flavor, good portion size...not tiny, but not massive.  And the price was right $9-"Yay I'm a fan!".  One of my dining companions ordered the Camarones (shrimp, fried garlic, squeeze of lime) and said it was delicious--however, it took her quite some time to separate the shell from the shrimp, so you have been warned that this dish takes some work!

MARGARITAS:  I first ordered the classic with salt (it's my go-to in Mexican joints).  It was good, worth the $7.50?  Not quite....maybe $5 or $6.   Now that Pineapple Frozen Margarita (also $7.50).....it's on the money!  I usually don't order frozen drinks because I often feel like they cheat me with less alcohol in these.  But this little sucker surprised the hell out of me.  So fresh, so fruity, yet so powerful!  

I like you El Rey. I'd be more than willing to go on a second date...and if you still have one of those frozen pineapple margaritas waiting for me you may just get lucky and score a third date.
There is nothing I don't like about El Rey.  I've eaten there a bunch of times and it's always been a blast.  The drinks are great and the food is amazing.  My favourites are the short-rib enchiladas (tastes like Mexican lasagna) and the tortilla soup.  I'm usually a red wine kind of person, but when you're at El Rey, you simply must have the michelada.  It's beer mixed with this tequila/tomato mixture, served in a salty-spicy rimmed glass and a lime.  OMG, so good.

One of the nicer things about this place is the staff.  So friendly!  On my first time here, Ashley let us taste test a bunch of different drinks before we committed to the sangria.  Another time, we sat at the bar and chilled with Steven.  Last night, Tara was our server and she is so adorable I just wanted to put her in my pocket and take her home.  I loved everything about her except her heinous shoes.  Both the manager and the chef came out to check on our table a few times and it was most appreciated.

I'll be back, for sure.
My one recommendation for El Rey? GO. I frequent El Rey at least 4 - 5 times a month, it's close to my apartment and it is extremely reliable and consistent. The guacamole could use some additional salt (as could their home made chips) but for $10 this is actually a pretty good value as it'll feed 4 people easily. I've tried everything at El Rey, the tacos are always delicious, my only complaint is that they're pretty small (and during happy hour they are even smaller). The queso fundido is a MUST, the short rib flavor is my favorite, with a very substantial heap of slow cooked, very tender and flavorful short ribs and carmelized onions. The short rib used on the queso is the same filling for their short rib enchiladas and tacos.

I always get the Alhambre (chicken) without the bacon. The dish is similar to fajitas but in place of boring bell peppers, El Rey mixes it up and adds poblano peppers, adding a dimension that bell peppers just can't compete with. The grilled onions, poblanos, mushrooms and chicken are then covered with cheese (I think some sort of jack?) and is served with a large scoop of guacamole and flour tortillas. It is awesome. I also really like the sea bass tacos and the crab and avocado salad.

The margaritas are good and El Rey has my favorite Jarritos flavor, Mandarin - yum. This place constantly delivers great food, has a lively and fun Mexican diner atmosphere and never disappoints with service. Is it very strictly authentic Mexican I am used to from growing up in CA? Not entirely, but it is my favorite Mexican place in Philly.
The salads (especially in summer) and ceviches here are amazinglt fresh and flavorful.

I really ejoy it here, especially earlier in the evening before it gets too noisy and corwded.

LOVE the food at El Rey.
El Rey is always in consideration if I can make it into the Rittenhouse area in time for happy hour. Their happy hour is inexpensive and enticing. 

I believe happy hour used to go until 7:00, but at the time of my most recent visit it stopped at 6:30. The $1 tacos and $4 house margaritas are worth the hustle. 

The tacos aren't the largest in the world, but for a $1 you can order a slew of them and satisfy any appetite. You can choose from chicken, beef, fish, cheese or vegetable. Or don't choose and just get all five! Each one is has an individual preparation and garnish, so I'd check with the server for details of what comes in each taco. 

The glass of margarita isn't the largest in the world either, but sometimes I believe only a pitcher would be large enough. They are strong but not over powering, and go down really easily. 

There is a dark and almost 70s diner vibe to the place. 

I need to make it back to eat off their regular menu however in the meantime it's definitely only list of happy hour must-dos.
IF YOU HAVE ALLERGIES DO NOT EAT HERE. 

My girlfriend who is allergic to nuts had lunch here today. She told the waitress about her allergy and the waitress alerted the kitchen. They then served her the duck tacos with mole negro sauce (which contains THREE TYPES OF NUTS). Unsuspecting, she ate one and got violently sick for the next 6 hours. Thankfully she didn't have to use her EpiPen this time, but we certainly will not be back. She could have died, and the "sorry" she got from the manager really doesn't make up for that. 

Don't risk it. If you're craving tacos, go anywhere else. I recommend el vez or loco pez.
El Rey attempt to be what Jose Garces' Distrito is, but fails horrible, on a grand scale

I went here last night with my girlfriend for dinner, with high hopes of trying Starrs newest resturant. In terms of appearance, the lighting and overall atmosphere are all well suited for the overall resturant feel. we were told our wait would be 15 minutes, which ultimately turned into an hour. this wasn't unsurprising due to the relative "compactness" of the resturant.

When we were finally seated, our waitor was relatively friendly and somewhat educted in the menu and it's specialties. We order the overpriced chips and guac, the entire time we felt that the chips were overly oily whereas the guac was lacking flavor but tttempted to mask it with large chunk of avacado in the guac. Next we had the campechana ceviche. the whitefish and shrip paired well but the ceviche sauce tasted like cocktail sauce from a can. An insult to an educated pallet. 

We continues to have the arabes taco and skirt steak. The plating of these items felt akward and unattractive, an though they were just thrown onto a oblong plate. The skirt steak was actually done well and was surprising flavorfull, but the arabes was overly dry. Due to our long wait our server brought us a complementary black bean enchilades. I've never been one to turn down free food, but after two bites of the extremely oily and bland enchilades I put it down, and decided to wait for our final course, Los moles. I was actually looking forward to trying this after being thoroughly dissapointed by everything else, but once it arrive it became much of the same. The dish was so-so, for lack of a better word, with no clear  winner between the three choices of mole Negro with lamb, poblano with chicken, or the pipian rojo with pork. We didnt finish any of them infact, and choose to skip dessert.

Our overall dining experience wasn't negative, due to the friendly staff and decor to distract you, but the food was not creative or innovative in an manner. As a whole if you are looking for quality tapas style dining you'll be better served and more satisified if you go to Distrito. 

Steven Starr receives an epic fail for this attempt.
I've been to El Rey many times. To be honest, food isn't that great.

Happy Hour: by far the best reason to go to El Rey. Happy hour from 5-6:30 M-F, $1 tacos, Mexican beer for $2, margaritas for $4. For $15 you can get sufficiently drunk on Mexican beer and have a handful of yummy tacos. While pretty small, the tacos are probably my favorite thing on the menu.

Unplanned dinner: second best reason to drop in El Rey. With no expectations, it's a great place to grab a few drinks and some food. Some things are definitely better than others. Guac is standard, short rib enchilada has been good and bad, carnitas tacos are my fav. Stick to what you know.

Planned dinner: not so much. I came with my boyfriend and my parents a few weeks ago, and no one was super happy with their food. Probably because we had higher expectations since we had had plans to go for weeks. 

I'm curious how their brunch is, maybe I'll have to try it soon.

Tip: stop in for a cheap happy hour and order some drunk munchies.
"El Rey" should be translated as "UPenn Cafeteria". Any night you will find a number of grad students in the place eating and drinking. And, for good reason. El Rey has good food and really good drinks. The decor is comfortable and the place kept relatively dark.

On the food front, I think the Enchiladas are really good. The tacos are a bit dry. 

For drinks, the margaritas are strong and tasty. Ordering a pitcher is always a good idea.
Went here with the girls for drinks and snacks after a long day at work.  The makeover from the former Midtown IV is, as others have commented, pretty awesome.  Its a long narrow space with cool Mexican artwork and a very dim interior.  Sort of good for drinking away the sorrows.
We ordered guacamole and tried all of the special margaritas.  The chips and salsa were pretty good, and the guac tasted of fresh avocados.  For me it was a little too smooth, but I think that's a preference issue--the flavor was full of avocado goodness.
Of the three margaritas, the tamarind one was my absolute favorite.  It was sort of like a long island iced tea, or a punch or something.  Very very good.  Didn't like the mango at all--way too sweet.  However, serious points for noticing I wasn't drinking it, offering to remake it, and taking it off the bill.  The classic was classic.  A good margarita.  And that is the most important thing at a Mexican place.
absolutely amazing dining in or taking out.  been here for brunch and dinner and late night snack and i highly recommend the gorditas; don't let the $6 price tag fool you, these things are quite filling and delicious!  i agree that the guac is a bit bland but it's fresh and the chips are always amazing.  the steak tacos are a must and i told the staff they really should offer chorizo tacos too!  everything holds very well when they wrap it up and the flavor is still to die for.
I chose this spot for my birthday lunch yesterday after reading about the $9.99 lunch special. FYI - they don't take reservations.

Myself and 3 co-workers ventured over in the pouring rain. When we walked in we realized we wouldn't have had to make reservations anyways...it was pretty empty. We were immediately seated and given a ton of menus. Lunch specials, regular menu, drink menu...way too much going on!

We decided on a pitcher of the frozen pineapple margaritas. These were absolutely delicious but I think they made mango instead of pineapple. We order our food and our waiter said he would bring us chips and salsa. We must have waited about 15 minutes before we got our chips. They chips were fresh made and came with 3 salsas which were pretty decent. Of course our 1st course comes out a minute later...

Myself and another got the tortilla soup and the other 2 each got a salad which was given to the wrong person and the dressing was not on the side (they didn't know because you would never be able to tell which is which until you started to eat a few bites) so they had to be sent back. Another salad is brought out and she made a face after tasting it...I tried it and when I tell you it was salty oh my freaking god! I love salt but this was like a whole salt shaker was spilled on it. So it had to be sent back AGAIN. The tortilla soup was the most FOUL thing I have ever tasted or smelled, my friend that also got it agreed. I love tortilla soup and will eat almost anything but this was bad, as my friend put it it smelled like the Philadelphia Zoo (she wouldn't even taste it). (this is not an exaggeration either, I would have normally sent it back but we had already sent 2 dishes back and honestly I just didn't feel like waiting and my appetite had almost diminished)

After that course we were pretty bummed out about the meal. Our second courses came out and they were better but nothing noteworthy. The chef sent out a complimentary dessert--I appreciated his trying to remedy the situation. It's a shame because I think they are really trying but I don't know... the whole place just isn't right...

I left with such a sick feeling stomach and that lasted until about 8pm that evening :(

I won't be back here.
We came here for an early week happy hour. We had a wonderful time. The ambience inside is so retro, and it looks like it took the place of an old diner. I was pleasantly surprised that they have a gluten-free menu, and could accommodate my gluten allergy. They even have a dedicated fryer for frying tortilla chips and tortillas, which is something that a lot of restaurants in the area are not aware of cross-contamination issues. The $4 house margaritas during happy hour are wonderful and pack a great punch! I will definitely be back to El Ray!
El Rey, you totally wowed me last night.  Having heard lukewarm feedback, via word of mouth and Yelp - which was surprising to me, because the chef used to be at Xochitl - I wasn't sure what to expect.  But dinner was GREAT.

We started off with the guac - a little pricey, but great.  For dinner, I went with a combo of the chicken enchiladas and a side of beans.  The portion of enchiladas was generous, filled with savory chicken and topped off with loads of cheese, pickled onions and  fresh salsa verde.  It was awesome, if not overwhelming - I had to pawn some of them off on others.  The refried beans were light and absolutely delightful.  I also tried a bite of the lamb tacos, which were modest in size but delicious.

For drinks, I started out with a good ol' Tecate and ended with one of the freshly squeezed tamarind margaritas.  This drink packed a punch in both tequila and tartness.  A winner all around.

The price point is on the lower end of Stephen Starr's restaurant spectrum - affordable, yet pricier than your average South Philly taqueria.  But I don't regret a single penny.  Service was friendly and attentive.  And yes, it was weird eating in the old Midtown but I loved the kitschy, purposely tacky decor.

If I'm looking for good Mexican in Center City West (which isn't easy), El Rey worked.
One of the pitfalls of being a frequent Yelp reader is as you fill up your head with the experiences of others, you might react strangely when a new destination is mentioned.
 Friday night my wife tells me she would like to try El Rey. Wrinkling my brow a bit, and not considering the appropriateness, I reply " that's the place that gave Jim M the trots". Understanding my dysfunction, My Lady asks, Which Jim is that? Burger Assassin? Awkwardly I nod my head yes. " I still want to try it" i emphatically nod my head yes, not ready to unlock my lips until sure they would say something constructive. 
Off to El Rey. 
I was pleased to see the updated deco re still left enough hints of the Mid town Diner, give the impression that the restaurant has been here awhile. 
The mango margaritas were sweet and strong and were a great cocktail for a humid night. 
The food was hit or miss. The chorizo tacos and gordittos were very flavorful, with a ton of cilantro. If you are not a cilantro fan, I would be careful when ordering. 
The enchiladas were fair, but forgettable. 
The plates are small but two entrees and a couple of pitchers of margaritas were enough to satisfy. The price of food was very reasonable, the drinks were pricey but our bill total worth a smile. 
Service was good, and I will be back. 
PS. My constitution was A-Ok the next morning.
I was extremely excited to try El Rey.  Welllllllllll, I must say... it was a little bit of a disappointment.


The Good:
- LOVED the decor.  So fun, kitschy; made me feel like I had just pulled off the interstate to stop at a Mexican Diner.  The was-mirrors on one side of the restaurant are covered in a collage of Hispanic movie posters.
- The Tamarind Margarita!  Quite a few reviews have touted this margarita, so I decided to give it a try.  Definitely lived up to the reviews.  

The Ok:
- Chips and salsa.  They didn't blow me away, but I managed to eat the entire kit and kaboodle on my own.... and while I'm not one to usually complain about price, etc, I don't really feel like I should have had to pay for chips and salsa...

The Not-so-good:
- VERY loud.  I was here at around 7:30, and my date and I had to lean in and shout to hear each other.  Surprisingly, when I came, it was louder in the dining area than in the bar area.
- Carnitas tacos.  They weren't bad, really, but they didn't even get close to the realm of awesome...


Maybe it was just the night... or what I ordered... but if I was craving Mexican food, I'd definitely hit up Distrito or Cantina before coming back to El Rey.
For an unassuming outer exterior, this place is very cool inside. After trying it for the first time, during their express lunch (great deal at $10 for lunch and chips/salsa), my husband and I came back for happy hour. $5 margaritas, $1 tacos, $3 quesadilla that you don't have to sit at the bar to enjoy! Great deal and cool vibes...
This rating is just for their happy hour. I've been here for dinner before but I don't think I'd rate this place as high for dinner. 

The bar area itself isn't very large but happy hour specials apply even at tables. $1 tacos and $4 margs just cannot be beat! The tacos are really good and their margs are adequately strong. I got chicken and steak tacos. Both were delicious. They also have vegetarian friendly options, but I didn't try them. My favorite part I think is their amazingly spicy and delicious house habanero sauce. It's REALLY spicy so beware if you're not into that. The bartender got my order in for happy hour 2 minutes before it ended at 6:30pm, which I really appreciate!! There are hooks under the bar for your bags and whatnot, which is always a nice small plus. They have a single bathroom for women. Not a deal breaker, just mentioning it as an FYI. Overall, I totally recommend this place for happy hour!
I have been to El Rey three times: twice for brunch and once for dinner.  It is right down the street from my apartment, and for that reason I have frequented it fairly regularly.  If it wasn't so close, I honestly wouldn't make a trip all the way here though.  But it's a great neighborhood standby for when you live close!

Positives: I like the chilaquiles for brunch.  The michelada and margaritas are delicious and refreshing drinks.  As other Yelpers mention, El Rey is a fairly priced, especially for a Stephen Starr restaurant.  The decor is super funky.  I love that each table has a name of a 70s muscle car attached to it.  And I also love that Randstead Room is in the back (if you haven't been, go).  It's usually not too crowded and you can get a table most times, except during CC Sips.

Negatives: I find it annoying/pretentious that you have to pay for chips and salsa.  Granted, they are really good chips and salsa, but come on... at least give the first basket free and then charge for refills or something.  Also, I had the tamales one night and I was underwhelmed by them.  I would choose something different next time.
COVID Update: HH is now from 4-6 pm, and their tacos are now a whopping $2 instead of $1. The chips and salsa are $1, which is a good deal still. The margs / special flavors are still the same price ($4 and $5 respectively). They also take reservations, which they didn't before. Lots of outdoor "stable" seating on Chestnut St., which is kind of nice until the 21 or 42 whizzes by you!
My best friend and I are OBSESSED with El Rey and I'm curious as to why they don't have a better overall review because each time I've been here has been 5 stars.

Let's start with the nachos: literally the best nachos I've ever had in my life. just scroll through the pictures on this page and you can see how they layer them, just right, so that EVERY chip has toppings. Let's be honest, is there anything worse than getting a plate of nachos and being left with a bunch of plain tortilla chips at the end due to improper piling/topping distribution? no.

On to the rest: all of their food is legit. I am not of spanish decent and I don't claim to be but my best friend who is agrees that El Rey has some of the best mexican food in the city. We always come here when we have a mexican craving. Nothing I have had here has been anything short of great- quesadillas, guac, enchiladas, etc. 

One last note: jalapeno margarita. done.
I went to El Rey for their Saturday morning brunch. I loved that the brunch offered a variety of Mexican options. I ordered the Truffled Huitlacoche Omelet, which was served with pico de gallo and home fries. In addition to a nontraditional brunch menu, El Rey has a unique drink menu. Unlike most Mexican restaurants which offer standard margarita flavors such as strawberry and lime, El Rey offers flavors such as tamarind, mango, and jalapeno pineapple. My friend and I opted for the guava margarita and it is honestly my new favorite flavor!
::points at 600+ reviews below::

Deelish food, unique ambiance, attentive service, total cleanliness, commensurate price-point...all deserving of 5 stars.

Brunch.

Lunch.

Happy Hour.

Dinner.

Any and all.

Try it.
I had a lovely solo dining experience at El Rey on a scorching hot Wednesday Night.  My servers Justin and Isaiah were both terrific and very knowledgeable about food and the menu items.

Since I dined alone I had only one item from the menu (and I can't wait to return to try more).  I had the short rib torta and it was BIG (Huge, and messy - definitely NOT a date night food.), but more importantly it was Excellente!

The braised beef shortrib was tender, yet charred (they do this at the end for presentation) and tasted so flavorful and succulent with just the right amout of fat to taste great but not too fatty.

The sauce - made of guajillo (sp??) peppers and tomato, really tasted like tomato sauce to me - but what do I know?  The best part?  A FRESH - I mean uber-fresh - baked roll - almost like a mexican "fat" baquette with a crunchy crust and a white, airy inside.  (Yes, I know trop carbs, but who cares when the Bread is shipped in from Parc!!!)

They even re-did the back bar as a swanky faux speak-easy.

Yes, it's pricey - but I bet if you order the right things you can have a 4 star night easily at El Rey.

Oh - and even though the place is blaringly-loud - it's still less noisy than Distrito - but I gotta say - Distrito's food still ROCKS my world.

I shall return.  Next time with friends!
Only if I didn't know the plates were going to be small, I would have ordered more. Otherwise this place was pretty good. Short rib sopes A+.
very loud and packed but service was efficient and effective. 

I would like to come back and try more of the menu. Also thank the lord that Tecate is on the menu.
Its weird going here since the interior is most of the original Midtown but with extra stuff on the walls. 

Will be back again.
This is definitely not traditional Mexican food. That doesn't mean it's bad, but the food you get is not what it sounds like on the menu.

I went with a friend around 7pm on a Friday and it was only half-full, so it was really easy to get seated. We ordered the chips and guac which were pretty good!

I had the "cheese black bean tortilla wraps", which I would NOT recommend. They're supposed to come with a side of zucchini and other vegetables, but the cook put them inside the wrap which made it taste very earthy, thick/dry, and overpowered the cheese inside. I could barely eat it.

The pico that came on the side, however, was AMAZING! I ended up just eating that. It was very fresh and had a slight acidic flavor which was a great palette cleanser for the earthy tortilla wraps.

My friend got the chicken enchiladas and thought they were okay, but they came with pickled vegetables (not mentioned on the menu) which made the tortillas very soggy and acidic. Neither of us finished our food. nor did we ask to box our leftovers.

My friend went back recently and did not see the tortilla wraps on the menu, so hopefully they are gone and were not simply renamed something different.
Came here for a happy hour on Monday evening. The restaurant wasn't too crowded and my friend and I were seated immediately. There is no outdoor seating here and the restaurant is very dim, which sometimes can be cool, but on a sunny, warm day we were definitely having some regrets about our restaurant choice. However, my friend and I quickly forgot the nice weather outside when we saw the happy hour prices which included dollar tacos and $4 margarita. There are quite a few taco options (chicken, steak, veggie, shrimp, fish) and then your traditional marg plus a special (that night it was lemongrass coconut). 

I ordered the chicken, steak, and fish tacos. They were definitely small but larger than I expected for the price. They also tasted pretty good- again, nothing amazing but for a dollar you can't go wrong. You probably need 4-5 tacos to feel you have eaten a reasonable amount. The best was the steak taco which had a delicious sauce. My friend and I also split the nachos, not on the happy hour menu, and were much more impressed by the taste and size. These were really good and served similar to El Vez' nachos. I'm sure the food not on the happy hour menu is just as good. Aside from the food, the waitstaff here was super kind and accommodating-they really contributed to a positive experience. This is the perfect place for a cheap happy hour if you don't mind being inside!
I have only been here for their $1 taco happy hour, so I can only comment on that. 

El Rey feels like a pretty small place, and it definitely gets crowded during happy hour, so get there early. You can't beat their $1 tacos. Lately, their taco of the day has been something fishy like salmon or tuna, and those are always my favorites. The cheese and vegetable are also really good. The only downside is that the tacos are pretty small, so I usually have to order 6 to be anywhere close to full.

The $4 house margaritas are delicious and potent. Maybe it was because the drinks came before we started munching on our tacos, but 3 of those really knocked me out. Just remember that happy hour is only til 6:30, so make sure you get your orders in before then.
If only this place was BYO!  I went pretty late at night and their kitchen was open which was very cool.  The waiters and waitresses wear colorful plaid shirts which was cute and they were all very nice.  I didn't order any drinks but there is a counter leftover from the Midtown Diner that the restaurant used to be where you can order drinks and food from if you don't feel like sitting at one of the tables or booths.  Each wall has unusual stuff to look at and examine and each booth is named after a type of car, I believe, which was also interesting.  I had the Chorizo, steak and chicken tacos which were all really tasty.  The chips and salsa are good too.  The tortillas are very tasty and soft and there is fresh onions and cilantro on each taco.  The tacos are very flavorful albeit small.  They kept the general infrastructure of the old Midtown Diner but really did a crazy thorough job with decorating the place.  You don't have to talk to your fellow diners and just look around on the walls and booths.  I really like that this place is open late but I wish it was BYO!
Way overpriced ok mexican food. 

I'm not going to pull the California card, because of course there's no comparison, but lots of things annoyed me about this place.

First the good - the chorizo nachos were phenomenal. The corn on the cob side was awesome. 

The rest... the tortillas for the fish tacos were about the size of silver dollars, three to an order. $9 or $10 for an order of three, no beans or rice. The beans and rice are about $4 each as a side. They're the same tacos that are $2 at happy hour - the tiny "street" tacos. 

And no free chips and salsa.

Very small portions in general. 

Whatever you do, don't get the pitcher of margarita. $27 for a pitcher that fills maybe four glasses, you're better off ordering individual margaritas. Actually I would strongly advise you bypass the margaritas entirely, they're pretty weak too. Stick with beer here. 

Very nice wait staff though.
El Rey is just so-so in my book. There are plenty of better Mexican places in the city. Everything seems 1-2 dollars overpriced. Chips and salsa for almost 5 dollars is a little ridiculous, considering it is one type of salsa and nothing special. 

Short rib enchiladas are good, not great. The sauce was good, but I could have used more of it.. they were a little dry. The meat was tender but not the best I've had. The meals don't come with sides and to get rice and beans, it's an extra 8 bucks. I got a side of black beans and they were bland. 

I tried my dining partner's mole dish and it was good. The sauces and meat were flavorful and they give you tortilla shells to make your own tacos. This price point seemed more reasonable, as the meal was sized appropriately. 

Probably wouldn't opt to come back here anytime soon.
I come to Philly every so often to visit my family. So when it comes to eating out, I only want to waste my time at great quality restaurant. It was an abnormally warm winter night so that means those who would usually be hibernating at this time are out and about enjoying the mild weather. Every byo we wanted to try was jammed pack. My sister recommended El Rey because she had a great dining experience there before. My bf and I arrived at the door and I was immediately stopped in my tracks. "What is this place? a ghetto diner??" Needless to say, I was startled by the exterior of the restaurant because I was expecting a trendy Starr restaurant. 

Rule # 1, I failed to follow the ultimate rule of "never judge a book by its cover."

We waited for 50 mins or so and enjoyed cocktails at the bar. The restaurant retained a genuine vintage look. Didn't look like it there was an effort on the decor, more of a tribute to what it used to be like many years ago. 

I must say, the food blew me away. I'm a huge skeptical when it comes to mexican food. A lot of places that are "supposed" to be good, tend to disappoint me. There's no lie to be made. The food was authentic, super fresh and reFreshing! We shared a pitcher of guava margaritas which I was super excited for. Sadly, I did not taste any hint of guava. Tasted more like bitter orange or grapefruit. I mentioned it to our server who simply replied there was no such orange or grapefruit margaritas. Whatever is was, it wasn't guava, or maybe it was a really wrong tasting guava. 

My table of 5 shared guacamole, 2 types of ceviche (blue crab ceviche is a must must must!), corn on the cob (must) and plato fiesta (also a must for a large group). Dessert truly was the home run. Churros and mango and mexican chocolate ice cream. 

Besides the fake guava margaritas, the meal was a knock out. Would love to come back.
Came back for dinner after a great experience at the Elite event and was not disappointed. I couldn't resist a repeat of the frozen pineapple margarita - gone are the days when I thought I was above frozen drinks! Even at 8 on a Saturday we were told only a 15 minute wait for a table, but it wasn't anywhere near that long - the bartender wasn't even finished making our cocktails before our table was ready. We got chips and salsa to start and then a giant plate of tacos and quesadillas to share. GIANT plate. For only $25 we sampled more dishes than I care to discuss and we loved every bite - well except for one mystery quesadilla that we agreed had a dish soap flavor going on. Dessert was ordered and enjoyed by my dinner partners but I was too full of tacos and Tecate to even look directly at it. I am constantly craving Mexican and this place hit the spot!
I live down the street so i decided to check out the new restaurant for dinner.  I can't speak for everybody that would eat there, but the portions were way to small for me.  I got the steak soft tacos, paid for chips and salsa, and got 2 margaritas, and it was $37.  The tacos were way too small.  They give 3 tiny tacos.  I probably could have had 9 tacos and maybe have been satisfied.   I won't even get started on having to pay for chips and salsa.

Well, bottom line: the portions are too small and it's too expensive.  If the portions were bigger it might justify the price.  I basically left the restaurant still hungry so i walked down the street and had to get a hoagie.
2 for food and 3 for service. 

We were sold on their 18 inch quesadilla special. Unfortunately, it was whatever. The dough was dry and the meat inside both chicken and beef was not as juicy and bursting with flavor as i had expected it to be. I think we scarfed it down because we were all hungry and tipsy. That sangria was strong, it really kicked in. 

The guac was scooped out with an ice cream scooper and had no it factor to it. Maybe they picked some up from Chipotle? Hmmm.

Also tried the salted caramel ice cream. Lots of caramel but no salt was presence. 

Overall whatever food but great service.
I came here for happy hour, because who can pass up $1 tacos and $4 house margs??? I ordered the veggie and fish tacos and enjoyed both. The veggie ones were juicy and especially flavorful. The fish tacos were good too, but slightly dry in comparison. The margs were delicious as well, but not super strong. You're definitely going to want to order a few rounds of these. 

El Rey had a fun vibe, the waitress was super friendly, and we were seated quickly. The tacos weren't the best I've had in Philly, but for $1 each, they were pretty good.
Came here on Sunday eve. I'm pretty sure our waiter would rather be at home putting his feet up. Ordered the fish tacos and they tasted like they expired last week. The margaritas weren't great either. Don't know if was due to being Sunday or the fact the Eagles are in the playoffs? The manager never even bothered to stop by when I returned the tacos. Didn't bother to replace my dinner due to everything else being off.
