Wise men say only fools rush in, but I couldn't help falling in love with El Vez.

My affair with El Vez began, as so many romances do, with alcohol and a cheesy opening. An appropriately christened Perfecto Margarita ($11) on the Rocks with El Jimador Blanco, Cointreau, Grand Marnier, and Lime Juice awoke my senses while a bawdy Melted Manchego Cheese Dip ($9) with Sweet Onions proved to be liquid lust. My heart was captured, my soul surrendered.

Seeking a little less fight and a little more spark, I ordered the rich "Indian Red" Lopez Guacamole ($18) with Spicy Crab and Salsa Roja because you've got to follow that dream, wherever that dream may lead. All hail the King of Guac.

At this point, I didn't need any more food, but El Vez makes you want to live each day, as if it were your last. It's written in the stars, my destiny was cast with Crispy Mahi-Mahi Tacos ($14) with Red Cabbage, Avocado, and Chipotle Pepper Remoulade.

Our server was tender and sweet. She made the experience complete and I love her so. Take my cash, take my whole life too, for I can't help falling in love with you.

Lord have mercy, I got a hunka hunka burnin' love for El Vez!
After not having gone to El Vez for a couple of years, my friend and I made an impromptu stop here for dinner after getting some drinks at an event near by. It was restaurant week and, to be honest, we were completely shocked to get a table at about 8:30pm on a Wednesday night. We were planning to go someplace else if there was a wait. Luckily, (and surprisingly) there wasn't!

For my three dishes, I had the El Vez guacamole, the snapper a la veracruzana and tres leches for dessert. The guacamole and tres leches were both pretty standard but good. The main entree was absolutely delicious! The green rice was so flavorful - I literally couldn't stop talking about it! The snapper was cooked perfectly and the olive-caper sauce really brought it all together. I didn't finish the entree at dinner so I was excited to have leftovers the next day.

Happy to bump El Vez up a star and to say that I won't be hesitant to make a trip back here again in the future!
I was visiting my friend in Philly and she took me here for dinner. We are both Southern California natives, so we were no strangers to Mexican food. I wouldn't say that this tasted like authentic Mexican food. But it was all still pretty good. I got the nachos. It was delicious but I wish they gave me more chips. It was very pricey for the portion I got. I would come back for the margaritas.
I don't really believe you can wrong with any Steven Starr, the famed Philly restauranteur. El Vez is always an overall solid option whether it be for delicious, strong margs with a side of chips and guac at the bar for happy hour, a lunch date with bae or dinner with girlfriends. Even for a weekend brunch with Mexican flare. (Think huevos rancheros and breakfast burritos.) I particularly think El Vez is great for large parties as they do a prixe fixe menu similar to one offered during Restaurant Week! It makes dining with a large group so easy as everyone knows going into the meal exactly what their cost will be. This is also a great option as you get a sample of many different offerings in one sitting without having to order full portions! Don't forget to order pitchers of margs too! Try the blood orange! For the large party you would deal with a Starr event coordinator, not the restaurant  itself. I believe this is for 10 or more only. Just call and they will redirect you. I've worked with them on several occasions and they are very helpful!

The decor and outdoor seating is really a huge draw for me. The space is really fun, vibrant and funky! Tufted velour curved banquets, fun mosaic tiles, a rotating bike in the middle of the bar making you feel like a slight badass. They even have an old fashion black and white photo booth. Many patrons chose to leave a copy of their photos on the wall heading towards the restroom. I love this! 

The food is always spot on. The chicken tortilla soup from what I've seen is a fan favorite. During our most recent trip I ordered the portobello fajitas. The option to 'top your own' makes this a great menu choice for veg patrons. They are delicious but beware the mushrooms, peppers and onions themselves are rather spicy without any hot sauce, pico or guac added. The salads which are another great veg option are huge and definitely shareable! Flavors are really bursting here in all plates! The meat is said to be tender here, especially the short ribs. People love the fish tacos too, whether it be red snapper or mahi mahi. Seafood items such as shrimp tacos and crab guac are popular as well. 

Unfortunately chips and salsa aren't complimentary here and that is usually a bit of a pet peeve of mine. An order of them and one of their temping, unique varieties of guac or salsa should definitely be something you want to indulge in however especially if it's your first visit!! Don't miss it! 

Prices seem fair to me. 
Service is always pretty good. 
Parking is kiosk metered street.

Reservations are available on Open Table only 24 hours or more in advance. 

They participate in annual Restaurant Week for dinner only.
(To the tune of The Weeknd's "I Can't Feel My Face")

And I know, it'll be the death of me, but I just can't resist
When I see that guacamole, gotta try that creamy dish
But at least those chips are nice and warm, and salty as all hell
More tacos.... More tacos...

Waitress said "Don't worry.... About it"
She told me "Don't worry, there's more."
We both know I could go without it.
She told me "Go mad on some avocado-OH!"

I just stuff my face whilst at El Vez....
But I love it, yup I love it.
Oh, can't stop stuffing my face at El Vez
But I love it. Yes I love it.

And, like, sure the price is kinda steep, but why not treat yo self?
Ingredients tasting wicked fresh, so I pretend it's for my health
And that chicken tinga can't be beat, I think I'm deep in love
This I know... Yes I know.


Oh, a giant, brightly colored Stephen Starr spot. Like a moth to a flame, I couldn't stay away from the shiny lights, the rotating bicycle, and the promise of flavorful margaritas. If you're experiencing sticker shock, there are plenty of cheap joints in South Philly to nab some tacos, nachos, and 'ritas. But if you're looking for a spot in the heart of the city where the ambiance is positively glowing, the music is bumping, and the people are beautiful. From dates to business dinners, entertaining clients to girls' or boys' nights, El Vez always strikes me as a spot to see and be seen. Luckily, this hasn't resulted in questionable food. As enough has been said regarding the guacamole, I'm going to focus on something very special to me. The Chicken Tinga Open-Faced Quesadilla. Three cheeses, red onion, bacon, poblano crema (and, of course, chicken tinga. This dish is savory, crunchy, cheesy, rich, and exciting. 

Ours was initially forgotten by our waitress. And I thank my lucky stars that I reminded her after our taco plate had been cleared. Because I would take this tinga treat over a dessert any day of the week.

We did NOT have drinks, split the guac, taco sampler, and 'dilla, and I believe it ended up around $50. Not a cheap night by any means, but not outrageous. We agreed we were leaving full, but not so full that we hated ourselves. And that, IMHO, is a sign of a quality dinner out on the town.
My friend and I had brunch at El Vez on Sunday.  The prices on this menu are pretty reasonable, but after ordering one drink each (a bloody mary for my friend and a mimosa for me), plus an order of guac, things added up quickly.  

The guacamole was delicious as always.  I find it interesting that many people complain about the price or compare it to what you would get at Distrito.  Yes, it's expensive, but it's only a few dollars more than Distrito's version and they give you twice as much at El Vez.  I will continue to pay the inflated prices for what is easily some of the best guacamole I've had in the city or elsewhere (my mom holds the title of #1, though).    

For my meal, I had the huevos and chorizo, which is a build your own breakfast taco deal that comes with warm, soft flour tortillas, nicely portioned sides of guac, sour cream and pico, a large side of black beans and a generous pot of scrambled eggs with (surprise!) chorizo.  I never really got the whole breakfast taco thing but I'm starting to dig it lately.  I loved my meal and had more than enough food (I would suggest ordering two totally different things and sharing with your breakfast buddy).  

When my friend pulled a 15% off card out of the dregs of her purse, our bill dropped drastically and we felt that we got some major bang for our bucks.
Okayyyyyy, this place is awesome. 

The perk to being extremely late to your brunch double date is that the first couple to get there gets to let you know if the initial place you planned on meeting is lame, and also they get ample time to find a new place for the group. Lucky for me, we were so late, that the other couple was able to try TWO places and then finally end up in El Vez. (I know I sound TERRIBLE. And it's because I truly am terrible when it comes to showing up on time). 

Anyway. I love this place. It was around 1:00 when we finally ate and I was ravenous. I got the El Vez Burger and added chihuahua cheese and bacon which was actually only a dollar extra. It came with smoked poblano aioli (a lovely touch), lettuce, tomato, avocado. I added my own dab of ketchup and bam. It was so good. And I am not just saying that because I was crazy hungry. It came with an arugula salad on the side. (All of the dishes did). And I loved that too instead of fries. Actually ended up eating everyone else's salad. (More people need to jump on board with arugula). 

The coffee was delicious and much needed. The space is crazy cool - we all sat in this big comfortable booth. The waitress was really friendly and the food came out quickly. If I lived in Philly this would 100% become a regular brunch spot for me. Be aware though: this place is a lot. There is music, a lot of people, and many colorful decorations. I was a big fan.
I took some out of town Yelp colleagues here for lunch today and was hoping and praying it would please our critical tastebuds and high service standards. Well, let's just say that they get a B- for effort: the service was good (our waitress was very attentive and super nice), the decor was wacky (thank you, Mr. Starr, for once again trying to distract us from the cuisine) and the portions were generous. The food, while it wasn't terrible, wasn't anything to get excited about, though. My shrimp Caesar salad was just ok, and the lemonade tasted like Country Time. I totally appreciate the fact that at many of these theme-y restaurants more emphasis is placed on the experience rather than the meal, but I wasn't totally feeling it. Oh well, at least we got our photos taken in the cool photo booth before we left (word to the wise: be prepared as soon as you put your $3 in or else you're going to get a shot of someone's boobs instead of your smiling face. Or maybe that's your thing; in that case, say cheese(y)!)
El Vez has 1,629 reviews...does it really need another? Uh yes, because there isn't one from Sexyman and me. 

This place was hopping at around 1:30 PM on Saturday. No-seats-open-by-the-bar kind of packed. Aren't weekend afternoon cocktails the best? We snagged a table in the bar area for a martini and some apps.

- Bazooka Limon Guacamole...goat cheese, roasted tomatoes, and pistachios. This was effin amazing. The textures and the flavors complimented each other beautifully. "Goat cheese in guacamole??" you say, while looking perplexed. Yes. Do it. 

- Taco Tasting Platter...Sea bass, chicken, beef, carnitas, mahi-mahi. We liked the mahi best and the sea bass least. This tasting platter was the perfect portion size for what we wanted. Nice presentation also. 

El Vez is very festive and fun. Friendly vibe with enough tequila options to keep you entertained for days. And the bathrooms are communal, so no, you didn't walk into the men's/women's room by mistake. A few margaritas will do that to a person, or so I've heard.
I'm giving el vez 3/5. I really wanted to like this place. I'd wanted to come here previously (this place was recommended by a coworker) but the 35-45 minutes wait always had me wandering to nearby spots for almost immediate seating and less hostess attitude. Due to the lack of a waiting area, you're forced to take a walk outside, which is annoying in the Winter months, or gather at the already crowded bar in the center of the dining room. So I made a 10pm reservation (the only one left) on a Friday night. Since we arrived at 9pm and I was quoted an hour wait anyway, I mentioned the 10pm reservation. Those must have been the magic words because the hostess was like "oh we can seat you now. " Huh? Ok. Anyway...at the waitress' recommendation we ordered the guacamole. It came with warm homemade chips and spicy house salsa. Both were good. We ordered shrimp and chicken tacos for two. Both were really good.  I thought the char flavor was a bit overwhelming but my dinner date was pleased. Margaritas were good. The restaurant has a laid back ambiance: think late 20 somethings gathering after work for celebrations in the booths etc so it was pretty loud. Not the ideal family or romantic spot. I probably wouldn't go here on a first date if you'd actually like to hear your date talking. Overall el vez was good just not good enough to go out of my way to return without a reservation or fight for a coveted center city parking space.
Everyone who knows me, knows my love for Mexican food... so when I saw the amount of ratings on this place, I was excited to try it out. Unfortunately, this place wasn't up to par for me. 

 I'll start with the positives:

-Loved their chips!! Hot, fresh, light and salty!! The salsa was sooo good and I loved their traditional guacamole. Slightly OD on the lime but it was fresh and delicious!
-My mom ordered their build your own steak tacos...the steak was amazing!! The seasoning on it was great and it came over grilled peppers and onions! The sides were avocado, sour cream, cheese, spicy sauce and pico de gallo. I would definitely recommend this dish! She also order a side of rice and beans which I was really impressed with. 
-I wasn't too impressed with their chicken tacos, it just fell short. Thank God for the spicy sauce that came with the steak fajitas or I wouldn't of ate them at all. 

Now onto the negatives:

-I understand it was a Saturday night, but a 2 & 1/2 hour wait for a table of 3 at 6:30pm is ridiculous. I felt most of the tables, people were just hanging out after they ate. They should think of an effective way to reduce the time. 
-Their menu is beyond limited. Salads, enchiladas, guacamole and tacos is the gist of it. They do have some appetizers and 3 entrees (the entrees I wouldn't consider traditional Mexican dishes). They're missing a bunch of plates: fajitas, chimichangas, flautas/taquitos, sopas, and tamales. I personally would remove the entrees and consider these as good alternatives. 
-Nothing in the decor screams Mexican restaurant...they could literally close down, change nothing, reopen as a new restaurant and it wouldn't make a difference. Even the margaritas didn't come in their traditional glass!

Overall, some of the food was good, our server was quick but not very attentive, but the wait here isn't worth it at all.
First time ever at El Vez. Why? Because it's across the street from Sampan. However my dining companion insisted on Mexican going on and on about a guacamole craving so I acquiesced. 

Made a reservation so we didn't have to wait. The vibe as many others have noted is definitely cool. Who do I have to be to snag one of those gold velvet tufted plush ass banquets??? Oh well, my stripped booth was just as spacious and comfy. 

Vibe aside, I ordered chips and salsa, she got the big mocalete of guacamole. These were very generous helpings of both. I got the Mahi Mahi Crispy Fish tacos, she had the chicken tacos. These were not generous helpings. Quite the opposite. In fact I was shocked that I only received two tacos. At 16.00 that was 8.00 per taco.  At least my sister got three but again very small. Were they at least tasty? Well the red cabbage overpowered the fish in my opinion. If I were to go back it would to sit at the bar. The margaritas were so good. I'd probably stick to nachos as far as food is concerned.
We had a large group so we made a reservation. I was impressed that we got seated immediately. We got a few huge pitchers of margaritas which was a very good choice. They have tasty nachos. The actual main course was dry and the portions were a little small. The bill came out to be a little more than I'd like to spend. Overall though it was a pretty average restaurant.
El Vez is one of those Philly restaurants that has remained constant for well over a decade. Its one of the first restaurants Jose Garces worked at before he won Iron Chef, saw his own restaurant empire start to rise, gradually disintegrate, and become rebuilt in a new way.

That is one way that the Philly restaurant scene has evolved since El Vez has remained a solid constant. But another way exists directly outside of it where restauranteurs like Marcie Turney & Valerie Safran, Michael Schulson, and the restaurant group behind Zavino have developed a growing restaurant empire within the same area. Meanwhile El Vez might not even be the best Spanish influenced restaurant under Starr so long as El Rey remains an incredible spot that leads to a not that hidden cocktail bar in Rittenhouse Square, and Stephen Starr gets ready to open a new Mexican restaurant in Fishtown (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2020/02/18/stephen-starr-fishtown-mexican-restaurant/).

All of this said above is to not so successfully summarize the reasons why El Vez often gets overlooked in today's Philly restaurant scene. I don't even think I would have come to rediscover over my past couple of visits if it weren't for spots like Charlie Was A Sinner and Sampan being so crowded when my crew set foot in them first. And really that's kind of a shame, because even though it's usually far from my first choice for bar/restaurant to hit up on the block, and its especially far from my first choice for Mexican/Spanish food in the city, the constant that it delivers does always hold up as a good one!

I've covered many times over how I tend to prefer the more traditional Spanish restaurants over the more trendier TexMex varieties. But even though El Vez does appear to stand at the top of the trendy pile when you walk in and look at it, it does also tend to dish out some pretty impressive food! Favorite of mine include:

"Bazooka" Limon Guacamole: I normally prefer my Guacamole to be the tried and true original flavor! But with goat cheese, chile flake, pistachios, and roasted tomatoes added in, this one really knows how to stand out for the better!

Queso Fundido de Hongos: Otherwise a fun and more appealing way of saying cheesy fungus. But with this one having truffled wild mushrooms and huitlacoche (a more fun way of saying corn fungus which is actually pretty good) inside a melted blend of cheese, its a very fun guy fungi!

Taco Arabes: Slow roasted lamb mixed with morita chiles, cucumber salsa, and lime yogurt for that refreshing win with just a tinge of spice.

Short Rib Enchiladas: Served perfect and simple with chocolate mole sauce!

With a tequila list like theirs you know that El Vez does some pretty impressive flights and margaritas. But I'm not that weird in finding their Knockout Margarita with vodka to be a stand out one. But ultimately my favorite cocktails are their refreshing Guava Mojito, and their boozy bit of spicy bourbon decadence in El Viejo!

While it may always be far from my first choice when I'm in the food centric neighborhood that is the Midtown Village Gayborhood, El Vez does always manage to have a few standout things that make me McThrilled when I do show up!
Such a fun, hip and vibrant place to dine!! I really enjoyed my brunch experience at El Vez.

Upon entering the restaurant, I noticed all the beeyutiful colors such as purple, orange, green and yellow. Our waitress was really friendly and attentive when taking our orders.

The food came out pretty fast and it was steaming hot. I ordered the black bean enchilada. We also had their spicy crab and original guacamole. 

My enchilada was delicious and flavorful, every bite had black beans and other spices. The meal came with rice and beans. My entire meal was filling and seasoned well. The spicy crab guacamole was my favorite it had large chunks of fresh crab meat it was oh so good. I also washed down my meal with my pretty purple cocktail called the grenada and it was strong!

Overall El Vez offers reasonably priced meals for Center City!
The good:
Came to El Vez for late night drinks quite awhile ago and had a fun time. Their decor is dark and chic, and their bar is a riot (check out the spinning bike) - check out their communal sink area by the washrooms and all the photo booth photos on the walls.

The bad:
I came here again with a group of five around 10 pm Sunday, wanting to sit and drink. The hostess told us their kitchen was closing, thus we couldn't reserve any of the (many, empty) tables. We told her we wanted to drink. She said we could sit at the bar, but the bar was almost full, and much too crowded for a party of our size. She suggested we order at the bar and sit outside. It was a little chilly, but we toughed it out since we wanted our alcohol and didn't want to walk elsewhere.

The ugly:
The hostess's tone of voice made our group feel unwelcome (especially when telling us about the kitchen closing) and there's no excuse for that. Service was practically nonexistent.

If you can, sit at the bar.
While reading through some of the reviews, I saw one that said that I should eat prior to going to El Vez. Which reminds me, I need to get my car detailed but I'm going to give it a wax and vacuum before that. See how much sense that makes? We (a group of seven) decided to try this place after a friend raved about it. If you don't want to read the rest, here's the cliff notes version: Lame.

We ended up standing in the doorway for 30+ minutes (which is apparently short according to other reviews). Seven people showing up with no reservations can be difficult especially later in the evening, so I don't hold it against them. The waiter tried to explain how to read the menu (apparently the descriptions underneath the Spanish sounding names weren't enough). Service was lacking for the rest of the night. 

Food is the culinary equivalent of paid phone sex. "You like that, don't you big boy? Oh yeah, you want more? Pay $15 dollars for another three bites." I dunno if that's how phone sex actually works, but in my mind it makes sense. The whole thing was a giant tease. Mexican pizza: boring. Chipotle Chicken Tacos: I would tell you if I've had better if I didn't accidentally inhale it when I breathed in (main course my brown booty). Corn on the cob: atrocious. I can understand paying a lot for Lilliputian food if the aforementioned food was brilliant, but it was mediocre. At best. Everyone was disappointed with their meals ('cept the girl who got a salad. They don't skimp on the lettuce at least). After paying, I took my first look around, and I realized how pretentious the place is. The decor is gaudy pretending to be hipster, and most of the patrons were highfalutin' looking girls pretending they're not bourgeois (I wanted to use it in a sentence). Don't lie, you suggested the place because you wanted your date to think that you always eat so little.

The worst part in all of this? Ten minutes after we left, we ended up at Wendy's eating the crap from the Value menu because we were starving and didn't want to spend more than a couple bucks after what just happened. Ambiance can only go so far. I'd rather eat at Chili's. That's right, I said it.
I popped in here for a late night bite last week, and after having been here a few times now, it's about darn time I write a review. I think what kept me from writing one was about what to rate it. Three or four stars? After my most recent visit though, I decided on three and half, but rounded down to three. 

El Vez is such a cool and hip spot, which is why I think I keep going back. It is vibrant and bumping, making it a good place to stop in to for some Mexican fare and drinks - no matter the occasion, no matter the company. If you don't have a reservation, you can expect a wait. 

The drinks are pretty solid. It is not very often that I'm feeling a marg, but on the rare occasions that I am, El Vez does it well. Times when I haven't wanted a marg, I've gotten the sangria which is more my kind of thing. Fruity and refreshing, but you can definitely taste the booze. At just $9 a pop, it is a total win!

Now on to the food - I love their guac. My favorite is definitely the "bazooka" limon which comes with goat cheese, chile flakes, and pistachios. It is very flavorful and quite unique. I tried the "Indian red" Lopez that comes with crab on my last visit. It was stuffed with a ton of crab meat which was a true delight! Unfortunately, it lacked in flavor otherwise. Definitely a disappointing $18 spent. 

The tacos are kind of underwhelming. I most recently got the crispy mahi mahi tacos which also lacked in flavor. I was really excited about the chipotle remoulade, but I did not taste it at all. The tacos came two to an order, but were rather small in size.

All in all, I still stand by the fact that El Vez makes for a good choice in restaurants if you're looking for something lively and fun. I'll probably be returning, but more likely for some drinks and snacks (aka guac) than for a full meal.
El Vez has all of those things you'd expect from a Stephen Starr restaurant: trendy atmosphere, polished service, killer beverages. However, the one thing that sadly didn't blow me away was the food. 

As many have pointed out, the portions are super small. Don't come here hungry or plan on dropping a lot of money to satisfy that appetite. Aside from being on the smaller side, the carnitas tacos and red chile & chicken enchiladas didn't have that wow factor. They both came out hot and fresh, which I definitely appreciate, but they were fairly basic otherwise. We started with the Tito Santana guacamole (mango, red bell peppers, jicama, habanero and serrano chiles) and that was great. 

The true star of the show would be the margaritas. My first pitcher was of the classic margarita. While a classic margarita is typically no frills, this one was pretty solid in execution. It was strong but mixed just right. The second round of margaritas was the Granada. It was made with gold tequila, triple sec, fresh pomegranate juice and lime. Now that's not a ton of ingredients, but they just worked so well together to create a refreshing and strong margarita experience. 

I probably won't come back to El Vez for dinner unless it's a group thing, but there's no doubt I'd return for a strong margarita and guacamole excursion. What better way to experience the atmosphere, service, beverages and guacamole?
This is one of my go-to Mexican spots in the city! It is a little bit on the pricey side, but the food is always delicious and reliable. I ordered for pickup on the website, and pulling over or parking to pick up the order can be tough, especially on weekends or evenings in Center City - might be helpful to bring someone with you to hop out and grab the food while you circle back around the block. Their guacamole is one of my favorites, and the enchiladas/tacos are always steady. The churros are good, but the dipping sauce has some kind of spice/jalapeno in it if you're not into that. Overall, I'd definitely order from here again!
Fun hip place to dine. Met some friends here and the food was delicious and the service is spot on.
"Hard Rock Cafe for The Pleated Khaki Set"

El Vez is a suburbanite's impression of what urban nightlife should be. Staged lighting, industrial finishes, and a twirling motorcycle atop the bar for theatrical effect. 

The dining experience is equally bridge and tunnel. Service feels scripted from a corporate marketing playbook. It's warm, friendly, yet highly structured ("Remember to recommend the guacamole, mention the range of types, then state your favorite kind - be creative!") Plus there are plenty of catch phrases and buzz words woven into every 'customer touchpoint' to reinforce the El Vez concept. 

So, you may feel like you're less focused on eating delicious food, because delicious is besides the point - than swallowing the brand.

These marketing mechanisms, or techniques, or maybe we should call them controls, create even and dependable dining experiences, which are OK, but never great. You don't expect magic. You're not paying for magic. 

The Yelp ratings bear this out: in the almost 300 reviews submitted to date, El Vez is almost always given the same rating: three stars.

What further cements El Vez into its '3-Starr' (ba dum bum) position is this: the restaurant appears to have drunk its own Blood Orange Kool Aid. It seems to believe it's better than it is. 

$18 guacamole does not make your avocado spread inherently great. Nor does simply proclaiming it so, nor does plating it on a glossy green leaf in an ethnic bowl. Ingredients, recipe, and technique are what matter.

So, go on: get the blood orange margarita, the guac, and the tacos for 2. It's all good. Or fine.

Would I return? Sure. Would I kvell? No, Señora.
I did not have high expectations when I walked in, and El Vez certainly did nothing to change that for me. Immediately upon entering we were hit by a wall of noise from the conversations of other patrons at the bar and dining tables.  The one thing I have noticed at the Stephen Starr restaurants I have been to, is the design team certainly does a great job of creating amazing spaces for people to enjoy food and drink.  I think they missed the boat here at El Vez, why not include sound dampening in the design specs?  Also the bar area intrudes directly onto the dining area.  Nothing like spending good money on a meal only to have customers at the bar hanging over and around your table while you try to eat and engage in conversation with your party.

As far as the food is concerned, we tried the Cesar Chavez Guacamole. The flavor seemed to be washed out, as if they had to run out of avocados and diluted it to complete the order.  It was also supposedly the spiciest of their guac's, yet it was actually very mild without out any heat at all. Interestingly, the salsa that came with the chips seemed diluted and washed out tasting as well.  For appetizer we had the Open Face Chicken Tinga Quesadilla, it had the most flavor of the night, but was not not by any standard above average. The Crispy Mahi-mahi fish Tacos and the Red Chile Chicken enchiladas we split were both under flavored.  No taste buds required for either of these ;)  For drinks we tried the Perfecto Margarita, it contained el jimador blanco, cointreau, grand marnier, fresh lime juice.  It sounds better then it tasted. I have honestly had better at Airport terminal bars :(   

The service was spot on and our server Kera was friendly, helpful and efficient.

All said, there are too many other options for Mexican food and Margaritas in the area for me to return to El Vez.  Suggest they work on the food and beverage creation detail as much or more then they invested in the cool look and vibe of the space.
We are new to the Philly area and had heard really great things about El Vez. We had a reservation last night at neighboring Lolita's but were a little early and figured we would stop into El Vez just to see what the typical wait is on a Friday night. We had checked out open table for reservations and didn't see any available so we were curious. 

We walked inside around 7:30 and were greeted by two restaurant hosts. They said hello and we asked what the wait was like. They told us it would be two-two and a half hours. I said "ok, no thank you, we just wanted to see about how long" and that we'd check back another time. As we turn to walk away,  one host says to the other audibly "YESS!" as though they were happy to not have any additional people on the waiting list. 

The encounter really disappointed us and kind of crushed any desire we had to make a reservation or even try the food in the future. As someone who has worked in the food service industry in the past, I can understand that having a long wait for your tables is stressful, however you should never leave potential customers feeling like you were ecstatic that they left.
Nice, I get to plug in review #352. This will be totally unique, except for all the other people who have yelped about great brunch experiences here.

I have to agree that for brunch in town, this is worth a look. Got there at noon on a Sunday before going to catch the orchestra. Had a reservation for four, just in case, and the staff was plenty friendly, from hostesses to our server, who did a great job start to finish. It was quiet when we got there, but getting more lively by 1:30 when we left. However, our server didn't miss a beat.

About the menu: For me, the traditional bloody Mary, fresh (original) guacamole, and carne asada steak and eggs with salsa verde homefries made for a perfect brunch. Peeps around the table also enjoyed their blood orange margaritas, wines and enchiladas. Lots of "mmmms" and no complaints whatsoever. I sampled a mahi mahi taco and thought it was a bit dry, but that's not my dish of choice anyway. 

I can see why some people bitch about the prices for the regular menu. Upscale Mexican has that effect sometimes. But it's a Starr joint, not a bodega in Frankford, so you know what you're getting into, right?
This place is downright swanky.  I come here a couple times a year and have consistently enjoyed the food and margaritas.  The prices are a little on the high side, but it's about on par with what you would expect given its atmosphere/hype.  I would give it five stars, but the menu is really limited.l  It would be an awesome surprise if they could add a couple new entree items.  I feel like the items on the current menu are pretty polarized, in that you either love them or hate them.  Maybe add a couple middle of the road favorites? Like I said though, everything that I have tried is delicious.  Keep up the good work.
A perfect weekend consists of dinner and cocktails at El Vez, a show at the Kimmel and a stay at a great Philadelphia hotel.   El Vez has long been in the pantheon of  Philadelphia-area Mexican restaurants, yet we have no good reason for our long delay in getting there.

Based on the exhortations of friends and Yelpers, we ordered the guacamole.  Unlike most preparations, the avocados were diced so the guacamole contained discernible pieces of avocado in addition to chunks of tomatoes, red onion and cilantro.  It contained a goodly amount of lime and hit the perfect tart notes.  It was, in sum, an excellent version of guac (although still not as good as mine).   

Mr. M had the grilled beef tacos, which he pronounced sublime and the best he had ever had.   Mine were the Colache tacos, and I marveled at how the kitchen was able to extract such richness and umami from veggies.   Pure joy in a petite taco format.   We will, undoubtedly, return.
Great location in philly. Their guacamole is super fresh. They have spacious booths and can accommodate large groups. 
The food was like hipster mexican.... don't come here expecting anything truly Mexican. 
Like a fancier chipotle tbh
One word: Overrated

I've been here numerous times and have tried it all: brunch, lunch, dinner, and drinks. I only come because my friends like it so much. Yes, I easily fall victim to peer pressure. I don't understand why they always want to go though because it is so expensive for super average food (with the exception of guac). 
Their blood orang margarita is probably the best one. It only comes frozen though, which sucks for people like me who have super sensitive teeth. Another fave is the sangria. Fair warning though... when you get a pitcher it's only HALF full of sangria (they load it with huge pieces of ice). They do have good vegetarian options - not THAT many though. I got the mushroom fajita last time I went and it was meh. Not amazing, but also not terrible. 
The interior is pretty cool and it's good for large groups. Hour plus wait time any day of the week, so definitely reserve way ahead. 

El Vez is definitely my least favorite Stephen Starr restaurant.
El Vez is centrally located in the heart of Philly. It is walking distance to many tourist sites. We decided to give El Vez a try since we noticed it was the number one reviewed resturatant on Yelp. Out of curiosity I had to see what all the fuss was about for a Mexican themed restaurant in Philly. I should have known better. 

The run down...

Food is priced competitively for what you'll find in the area. The portion sizes are off, way off. We ordered the vegetarian nachos called, "Nacho Mama," which were absolutely outstanding. The appetizer that we ordered was large and easily enough for four to people to share. It was topped with beans, cheese, tomatoes, onions and many other fresh ingredients. I opted for the shrimp tacos for my entree. Here's were things took a turn for me. The portion size and taste of that shrimp tacos was completely disappointing. The tacos were bland. I looked for salt and pepper, but there wasn't any on the table and I'm not a fan of corn tortillas. The tacos are about half the size of a regular sized one, any not very filling. El Vez is clearly banking on people ordering cocktails, appetizers, entrees and dessert because if you simply had one entree, you're probably going to be heading to get a cheesesteak somewhere afterwards. The Mr. chose oxtail enchiladas, which included two average sized enchiladas and rice 'n beans on the side. If I ever venture here again, I'd probably try the enchiladas and hope that the flavors are better than the bland tacos. 

I figured the saving grace could be dessert, so I took a chance and tried the Tres Leche.  That was the final mistake. Horrible, box cake tasting Tres Leche. The lime strawberries were good though, but the overall cake would have been better off without the lime zest.

Menu options are good, but food is average. Dinner menu is served all day on Saturdays, so even if you make a lunch reservation, you'll be stuck with dinner options. We were not informed of this until after we arrived and inquired about a lunch menu. 

As with any metro area, parking can get a bit tricky. We opted to pay $12 for parking, one block away, at the Holiday Inn lot. The lot is open to the public for parking.
Came here for a late night drink and dinner, this place was pretty impressive. 

Must try are the Nachos, these bad boys are large and in charge come with chicken or steak and you get them for the low low price of $12.50. Realistically if I come back I will just get a couple drinks and split the nachos with like 3 to 4 people, yeah they are that good and big. 

We had the pitcher of red sangria, which was $32.00 a little pricey, but its and works out. 

For our entree, well I'm from Los Angeles I'm use to cheap delicious tacos, taste is usually there quality may lack. This place had a taco sampler $23 for 5 tacos, no rice no beans... I would have never have picked this, but the tacos were all amazing high quality and taste. You get a carnitas, a ahi tuna, a carne asada, a chicken and I believe some other fish taco. 

Service was excellent, food was amazing, drinks were good, for downtown thats probably just what you pay. 

Will definitely be back drinks and the nachos.
El Vez gets 4 stars for the GUAC - not for the rest of the menu - which would get 3.

The guacamole hear really is tasty - although if you've tried the guac at Xochitl - which is made tableside with cotilja cheese fresh-ground to taste - WOWZA - but that's another review (check out Xochitl and Tequila's in Philly - regional Mex fare.)

Anyhow, back to El Vez which is filled-to-the-brim with Starr-kitsch.  Kitschy or not, this is a good place to get an over-priced fruity drink and schmooze with the yupsters.

I better go again before I turn 40 and get permanently banned from the joint!
Really cool, trendy and hip restaurant with a really fun atmosphere.  There is so much going on in here with the velvet booths,  gold bicycles on top of the rotating bar and cool wall decor that the food isn't as memorable as the ambiance.  

Great menu options and a bunch of different guacamole options.  We opted for the guacamole with crab meat, it was a little salty but delicious.  The chips and nacho were great too, the salsa was some of the best I've had.  
They do have a great lunch selection and offer a two course lunch option with a soda for $17.  The appetizers and tortilla soup were really good but our main entrees were just ok.
Tortilla for the black bean enchiladas was too soft and the tomato sauce on top was too creamy, I didn't like it.  Vaca frita burrito was underwhelming. 
Waitress was aloof and robotic.
Had a 2 hour wait, but we left and did other things and went back. Sat at the bar until our table was ready and Had delicious margaritas and a app  Now Elvez is as amazing as always. Our waitress super long blonde hair was perfection on point. It's a hot spot so be prepared to wait but the food and ambiance is amazing.
Long story short, the hype is not real. Food is mediocre and prices are unjustifiably above average.

I know what you're thinking... four stars almost 2000 reviews this place has to be good, right? Not today, Yelpers... Not today.

The ambiance and location of this restaurant are definitely good however the food is mediocre at best and the drinks are also meh. As the location is very busy also expect slower than usual service.

Their guacamole minus the crab is comparable to most run-of-the-mill Mexican restaurants. Yes, the guacamole is fresh, however I don't know if a few fresh vegetables in original-ish combinations are going to justify the $14-16 price tag. 

The margaritas while boozy enough to certainly get the job done aren't anything that you'll have a hankering for later. 

The bottom line is this long-running Philly establishment is one that you will need to check off of your list. Just don't expect to be blown away (or even impressed for that matter) and I'm certain you won't need to come back again.
Was in Philly for New Years Eve and went to this place the next night for dinner. It was a few blocks away from my hotel. When me and boyfriend entered we instantly knew we'd be waiting for a bit..It was busy..but not so much in a bad way..There was still room to breathe..the hostess took our names and we went over to the bar to get some drinks..

While sipping on one of the best margaritas I've ever had (Pink Cadillac I heart you!!!) I took the time to look around..The atmosphere and decor is very cool and different (They have a tricked out bicycle in the middle of the bar! Definitely a must see)..We didn't have to wait too long for our table (Or maybe I was too much into my new best friend Pink Cadillac to notice :-P ) 

Once seated we surveyed the menu and I decided on the Chicken and Cheese Enchilada and my boyfriend got the Beef Tacos..We loved our food! Just the right portion to have us both stuffed and both our plates empty. Service overall was great here..Friendly and welcoming. I will definitely be going back :-)
El Vez is a Gayborhood institution, and the food lives up to its reputation. My top picks are the taco sampler, fajitas for two, and the cheesy corn.  The guacamole was a bit overly salty but looks amazing if you are in it for the insta.  Overall, though I'm not a fan of Mexican food, I would recommend it as a dinner destination.
Lively restaurant that packs in lots of younger professional types at all times of the day. And what a great venue for dates or groups it is.

You can't go wrong with anything boozy here, whether a pineapple canela or blood orange margarita. Items that would otherwise be starters elsewhere, like guacamole, chips, and salsa, are large enough to be shared by all here, and come in deliciously creative options, like the limon guacamole, which has goat cheese, pistachios, chile flakes, and roasted tomatoes in it. So filling, in fact, that you won't even have room for traditional entrees like burritos, tacos, or enchiladas.

A fun experience all around. One of many places that's deservedly injecting some serious energy into Center City!
I'm not a big fan of rant reviews and I figured I'd never write one, but guess what? Now this is happening. 

I've been to El Vez twice before and enjoyed it. It has a high price to food quantity ratio, but I think the price is justified by the taste: great guac, good tacos, good margaritas, friendly waitstaff, nice presentation, etc. On Friday before memorial day weekend, work was emptying out at 2pm and four of my coworkers and I felt El Vez was the perfect place to start out the long weekend. Arriving slightly before 2, we were upfront with the hostesses that we were planning to consume massive amounts of guac and margaritas. This was probably a mistake because we were informed that tables were only for people getting entrees and that we could sit at the bar. Even though the bar was empty, this still sucks for a group of five. Looking around at all the empty tables, we politely asked the hostesses again if they could make an exception and were shot down. So we walked out of there, perhaps never to return. 

In some ways I can sympathize with rules such as this but I think restaurants need to show a certain flexibility given this situation. Consider that Steven Starr has taken great lengths to make El Vez a bar-oriented restaurant and that there are also no bar tables made for groups such as ours. We were also ready to spend a ton of money on their $30 minimum margarita pitchers and $15 minimum guac bowls, probably exceeding what most tables would be spending on food. Perhaps this situation could have been averted if I had been fanning myself with a wad of twenties as I entered the restaurant. 

Alright, I'm done. I'll stick with Distrito for my fancy pants Mexican in this town. I hope I never have to write one of these rant reviews again.
Best way to eat WELL at El Vez without breaking the bank:

Share the guacamole (13) and the taco tasting platter (22) with a friend and youre looking at at 35+tt so right around $20 each :) and trust me youll be full if u get an extra basket of the home made chips + salsa which come free and are addicting! 

My favorite of the tacos is probably the Mahi-Mahi.. the red cabbage and chipotle pepper remoulade are perfect pairings and be sure to squeeze some fresh lime juice over the tacos to really stimulate the entire palate!!! 

I've gone to El Vez a bunch since I moved to philly from El Vez and now when I go I usually sit at the bar and order this with a friend as well as the regular margarita! Another great item on the menu is the Grilled Corn on the Cob ($4). It's only another 4 for this side dish and WOW its a huge ear of corn and comes covered in spices and cheese and tastes amazinggggg. 

By sitting at the bar you avoid the weeked wait which even if you have a reservation youll end up waiting for at least 20 minutes in my experience. And sitting at the bar I find I get better service there and its easier to chat with a friend since at the tables it can get rather loud. If you are going with a group of say 6 though definitely request one of the big plush red boothes in the back!!! Great for parties and pictures :) Which reminds me.. check out the old fashioned photo booth after putting in your food order!!

buon appetito :)
jecarosenose
I stopped by El Vez for a friend's birthday dinner and my first impression was that the food was overpriced and the portions were tiny. The three tortillas for the tacos were hardly larger than my palm, and they ranged between $12-19--far more expensive than any taco has a right to be. The guacamole, while large enough to serve three and offering unusual options, also averaged in the mid-TEENS for pricing. The margaritas were reasonably priced ($9-12--normal), but they were not strong at all.

El Vez is a cool-looking place to hang out, as Stephen Starr places tend to be, but I didn't think there was anything particularly exciting or original about this one, plus the food:price ratio was too low to justify eating there.
El Vez is a bit of a Philly institution now.  I remember being a semi-regular here back in '04-'05, when it was still brand new, Stephen Starr was still a semi-obscure restaurateur, and the quality of Mexican food on the east coast was a *lot* lower.  

Back then, I'd always thought of El Vez as a nightspot, where locals and students imbibe blended margaritas under the glare of that famous rotating motorcycle statue and then proceed to have crazy drunken photobooth sessions in the back.  I guess people still do those things, but my most recent visit to El Vez was for something different...

SUNDAY BRUNCH!

And the brunch was surprisingly good.  

I joined a friend here, who was armed with an 11:45am reservation -- which ultimately wasn't necessary, since it wasn't very busy.  We were treated to a window seat, which was especially nice, since those seats are damn near impossible to get when the nighttime throngs have taken over the place.

While pondering the drool-inducing menu, we had some chips and salsa, which were fantastic.  The chips were piping hot, and the salsas were bursting with flavor and just the right amount of spice.  I have no doubt that the chefs at El Vez have stepped up their game over the years, as authentic Mexican food has finally infiltrated the east coast.

I had the steak & egg chilaquiles.  The dish featured some beautifully prepared steak (cooked medium) next to a heaping mountain of tortillas, all with a beautifully fried egg on top.  The flavors of the dish were good, but lacking the spiciness of other chilaquiles I've had before.  What bothered me was the miniscule portion of the steak compared to the massive overload of tortilla.   I know you have profit margins to worry about, but please don't be stingy with the protein, fellas!

My companion had the trio of enchiladas (black bean, chicken, and shrimp) with a side of rice and beans.  I managed to sneak some tastes in, and I thought all three were outstanding.  I secretly wished I'd ordered those instead of the chilaquiles.

Service was great.  Everyone was prompt and efficient, and nobody minded that we lingered over coffee even after the check was paid.

El Vez... I like the way you've matured over the years.  Nicely done.
If I could give El Vez zero stars, I would. I just walked out of this restaurant about 5min ago and I am furious. My husband and I went for happy hour and sat at the bar. For 15 whole minutes,  NONE of the 4 bartenders acknowledged our presence. It's a busy Friday, so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. However, four caucasian people sat at the bar 15 minutes after we arrived and were immediately greeted and handed menus. When I told the bartender we'd been there for 15 minutes, she rudely and dismissively said "Well, it's Friday and we're busy" and proceeded to walk off. 

I'm an African American woman and I can't help but think that if we were white, we would not have been treated with such disrespect and disregard. We were both dressed professionally (not that that should even matter) and patiently waited to be served. I will NEVER return to this restaurant and I will urge anyone with good sense to not visit this obviously racist establishment.
Great food! My friend and I split the Tacos al Carbon and chose steak. The steak had a very nice char on the outside but very juicy and flavorful. We ordered the guacamole and chips with garlic. The guacamole was good but the chips were light and delicious. We also got the Brussels!! Great choice. I tasted a little lemon juice and the chef seasoned them perfectly! Definite must eat place.
Ay papi, I wanted a bit more!  Came here on Sunday for a quick bite to eat and was really surprised by the off the wall, yet fun design and decor.  We chose to sit in one of the padded schnazzy booths which has a great view of the restaurant and located directly under a very elaborate and impressive wall of dead dolls.  

The food was solid - for the most part.  We first ordered the Indian Red Lopez guacamole which was okay but it definitely lacked flavor.  The description read spicy crab.  It had some crab meat, but pretty much no spice.  We then ordered the chipotle chicken tacos and some kind of brunch beef burrito.  Both were muy sabroso!  They definitely made up for the weak guacamole.  Speaking of which, the guacs are so WAY overpriced here.  Both our entrees combined were about the same price for that small serving of guac and 2-3 times the size.  For the price they charge for the green stuff, it better be damn good but sadly, it wasn't.  

The service was excellent.  Our server was cheerful and very attentive to our needs.  She explained and answered all our questions with a smile. No complaints in this department at all. 

Overall, not such a bad place.  I can imagine this place could get quite crowded and fun during an evening out based purely on its ambiance.  I'd definitely come back to sample more of its menu.  Just stay away from that overpriced guac.
Hey, if you're feeling the need to lay down some serious bucks on nothing but atmosphere, then you're sure to love the tragic experience known as El Vez.  Honey pie and I tried this joint out after considering it for a while; in fact, she may have tried it prior to our trip, but I can't recall if this actually happened or not.  No matter.

Hey look, there's a goofy bicycle rotating in the center of the restaurant!  Check it out!  There's a photo booth where you can go in and make nauseated faces after realizing how much you spent and how satisfying the food wasn't!  But you say you enjoyed their one of a kind cocktails and margaritas?  Get outta town!  What they're serving here isn't anything you can't get anywhere else, save for maybe that frozen blood orange margarita, but having tried it, I can safely say you're not missing a thing.

So then, be prepared to pay out the wazoo for the "special guacamole" they have here (many different varieties; nothing exciting that I haven't had at other eatieries for a fraction of the price) as well as your entree.  What?  You don't want to spend between 15 and 25 bucks for each thing?  Well then, you have no business being here!  Actually, how this place stays open based on getting what you pay for is a mystery.  What El Vez serves is nothing exciting, with no major crazy variation on anything that justifies the prices paid.  

I suppose it's good if you want trendy, "new" Mexican bullshit, but for what it's worth, you can do a lot better by going to one of the more authentic hole in the wall joints in town.  It might not be flashy and the music might not be as obnoxiously intrusive, but your wallet and stomach will be much happier, plus you won't have to deal with hipster servers who put on the fake smiles and couldn't care less who they're dealing with.  El Vez is cookie cutter nonsense with a colorful high gloss finish, that, unless you're just of that sort of crowd who doesn't care what they waste money on, doesn't leave any positive impression once your visit is over.
Pros:
-Nacho appetizer was delicious
-Nice ambiance 
-Our waitress was friendly and attentive

Cons:
-The wait time was ridiculously long. We were told it would be a hour and 40 mins. It ended up being 2 hours and 10 mins
-My tacos were a bit cold 
-Overpriced

I would probably return again, but def not on a Saturday evening
The food: cHad the Tacos for two- opted for the Porteblla mushroom tacos and I stuffed my face until my stomach hurt.

Let me tell you, they brought some much food and the onions, peppers, portabella mushrooms were grilled.. mouth watering  delicious 

The ambience: The place is hip, low lights, and  a great place for a loud date, a great bar and just hip.
Another beautiful Steven Starr masterpiece, this restaurant is the epitome of cool.  I went here for lunch with a co-worker, and I was struck by its funky interior and cool wait staff.  I ordered the lunch special, which means you pick two items off of two menu lists.  I got the ranch salad, which was okay.  Lots o'lettuce and not much else.  I wound up digging through the lettuce, hunting for the few black beans and tortilla pieces I could find.  I also got the spicy chicken tacos, which weren't tacos at all, but rather tostadas.  However, those were really good and were just the right amount of food for lunch.  I reserve judgment on the place as a whole, however, until I can go there for dinner and drinks sometime.  It's worth checking out, at least.
Damn those were some good nachos (Macho Nachos). Not only are they pretty on the plate, but they're really really good. Who needs an entree when they have such an awesome, delicious, and filling appetizer?! 

Let me say it again. Duh.Li.Cious.

I came here after Sips one balmy Wednesday and had the luck to sit outside with my friends. The view is fantastic. Front row seats for watching drunk business men teeter across samson and 13th. I was even tempted to heckle a few tipsy cuties myself. Good food, good weather, and cute tooshies in nice suits will do that to you.

When I came here before, I had one of the margaritas and the chips and guac. They were both good but as others have said, can pinch your pocketbook. But I'd say the atmosphere and service make up for it. I've always left here satisfied if not a little more broke. 

My friends meals were okay, probably 3 star worthy. My nachos were by far the best plate on the table. I win again. My friend had one of the enchiladas. They were okay but small. She ended up snacking off of some of my nachos. Another friend had the queso fundido con carne. It was also an ok dish. I'll be sticking with my nachos. 

One thing El Vez does really well is presentation. All the plates came out looking scrumptious even if they tasted only ok. But this place is always crowded so they must be doing something right.
OK, I wasn't going to write this update as I really like El Vez, but then the hostesses apparently put me as a no show on my Opentable reservation, so they deserve what they're going to get. 

This place has truly degraded into the worst of the Starr restaurants. Beyond having the aforementioned air headed hostesses, the bar tending staff is a crime. I went with two friends the other evening and we waited literally 10 minutes for a drink. EACH ROUND. The service was so bad I asked Nathalie, one of the managers, to get involved, and that *barely* made things better. 

The food is OK, though our chips an salsa were cleared when we stepped outside for a cigarette break, even though we had informed them in advance, had half full drinks, and had left our coats on our chairs! 

There's still no decent excuse, even talking with Nathalie, for the elimination of the higher end product such as the tuna salsa. We tried to order the tuna guacamole, but again Daniel, our oblivious bartender, sunk to the occasion and forgot to put the order in. Nathalie treated us to some mahi-mahi tacos (yum! now with more fish, so very nice!) to make up for the poor service, but sorry, service is just as important as the food, and frankly, it was zero star service here.

We won't get into detail about the state of the men's room beyond mentioning the piles of trash on the counters and numerous layers of towels on the floor/urinals. 

I used to go to this place twice a week. Now maybe every other month, and the poor service and declining overall state of the facility is a prime example of why. This may be Starr's most profitable restaurant, but when you put nothing into upkeep of the menu or physical plant, that's easy to see why. It could be more profitable if they'd make some effort with the menu and hire some competent staff. 

We were told there's a new Chef coming on board in a few weeks. Thank G-d something is changing at this place. 

Frankly, I wish I could give zero stars and tell people to avoid at all costs. save your money and go next door to vintage, apo, or Raw, or ANYPLACE else. 

El Vez - you're a waste of my time, money, and digestive process. Shame on you for just not caring anymore.
Funky and fun vibe in the 4th stop of the Starr trip but where we had the least welcoming experience. The guacamole was creamy and delicious, the drinks made well and we split the trio of enchiladas which were all good in their own right, the shrimp was my favorite. The table next to us seemed to be designated the stroller table and we were jostled around for two different parties. The waiter was average until he came out with the bill and upon placing it on the table it fell on my friends flan, he picked it up from the flan and placed it back on the table, didn't wipe it off or anything. Also it didn't seem as well maintained or clean as the other places three places we have been so far.
I dig El Vez.  Their guacamole is kick-ass and the blood orange margarita is as yummy as the previous reviews indicate.  Also, an old school photo booth that actually works?!  Yippee!  Lounge-y background music and glittery decorations make for a fun atmosphere.

It's been a while since I've had dinner there, but hanging at the bar for drinks the other night made me want to plan another night out as soon as possible.
Way too pricey. Way.

Guacamole was $12!? It comes in a huge bowl but really isn't that huge. It could fit in a much smaller bowl. 

The margaritas were strong which is always a plus in my book. But I didn't even look at how pricey those were. 

I had a chopped salad which was bland and lacking ambition. I thought the place could have been cute, but they were trying wayy too hard to be funky bouge. I liked our waitress and the staff seemed young and nice. Not enough gay staff for being on 13th street. But that's ok :)

All in all, I'd say this place would be a whole lot better if they priced their menu a little more accurately.
Mexican food that is elevated on a fine dining level. Don't expect to walk in here and taste food truck quality food. This restaurant uses traditional Tex mex cuisine and elevates their dishes to today's latest culinary trends. Try the taco tasting platter and the nachos bean dip. They will blow your mind! They have a wide variety of drinks available, and the bar tenders like being challenged on making unique cocktails. Call ahead to find out the wait times.
I visited El Vez for the first time this past Sat night. I was impressed! This place really lives up to its hype. The decor is amazing. Its sorta freaky and weird and I love it!  The dining room is huge and has a cool, hip vibe going on. Lots of folks having a great time.  But make sure you have a reservation in advance, otherwise you'll be hugging the bar most of the night. :) 

The drinks. Ok, the pitcher of margarita's is the way to go. Just sensational. We went with the traditional, but I already cannot wait to return and try one of their specialty margarita's. The drinks are STRONG. I had a mean buzz off the first few sips! And I'm no lightweight. But they arent overpowering by any means. 

The food- the guacamole is the best I've tasted since I was in Cancun. Just mouthwatering. And the list of guacamole options is like half a page long! So many variations of one of my favorite appetizers. The chips were firm and not too salty. Just perfect for dipping. 

I tried the shrimp enchilada's for my main course. Wow, wow and Wow. Just a plate of solid gold goodness! Flavors were off the charts and presentation was truly eye catching. If licking the plate was socially acceptable, I'd have no problem doing it after this dish. :) 

Overall, I cant recommend this place enough. With the packed house on Sat, it looks like this place is a staple for alot of Philly area folks, but for anyone on the cusp of trying this place, I would highly recommend venturing out to this fantastic gem in the heart of the city. Enjoy!
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE EL VEZ...

u want killer mehicano food? EL VEZ
u want tasty alcohol filled Sangria? EL VEZ
how bout a photo booth or trickedout bike in the middle of a bar?
ELLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL VEZZZZZZZZZZ

yea, on a saturday night, its pretty loud and theres a decent amount of people waiting to eat, or even get a table, but the Enchiladas are amazing and the appetizers are so cheap and filling that ud wanna skip on your entree. The staff is super friendly and the decor puts alot of other philly establishments to shame

on a nice/breezy spring night, hitup El Vez with some friends and experience Philly @ its best

GET A PITCHER OF BERRY SANGRIA & Nacho Mama Nacho's...I DARE YOU...
ull kinda fall inlove =]
My boyfriend and I stopped by here for brunch -- I had never been here before but he had dinner there a few years ago. I was pretty impressed at the vegetarian options on the menu. The waitstaff was pleasant and knowledgeable and the food was delicious. 

We ordered the goat cheese omelet without chorizo, the scrambled eggs rancheros, and the de la Hoya guac. The food arrived quickly and was very tasty!
This is really one of my favorite Mexican spots in the city. You have to get a pitcher of the Cadillac Margaritas! The pitchers are pretty expensive, but you get at least two and 1/2 drinks out of them. So, so good but you will definitely be tipsy when you leave! I recently went with my parents and they both loved what they got.

For our appetizer we all shared the Queso Fundido w/ house chips. All of us LOVED this. It was so creamy and yum. It also came with two types of salsa. For my entree I got the carnitas tacos. Three tacos and it came with a side of salsa verde, mmm. My dad ordered the tacos tasting platter. It consisted of five tacos and he enjoyed all of them. My mom got the Short rib enchiladas and she had no complaints either! 

For dessert my parents shared a churro plate. I was way too stuffed, but my parents both said they enjoyed it! Our server was very friendly and did a good job on staying on top of everything we needed. I'll always come back!
This Starr restaurant has its signature unique decor and friendly and professional service. Not much else. The chips are really thick and hard. They were painful to eat so I just stopped when usually I'd devour chips with salsa and guacamole. As much as I like the idea of a margarita made with fresh lemon and lime juices, it didn't work since it was really bitter and sour. I got the scallops which were rubbery and I could only eat two of the four. I basically lost my appetite but got a dessert since my date wanted to share one. Of course they brought it over split on two separate plates which defeated the whole purpose. This experience set me back about $135.
Ok so this place if officially off my list! 

We went for a quick drink last night before dinner reservations in a neighbouring restaurant. Bartender required a card to open a tab etc nothing strange with that I hear you say well that was until they then LOST said card. And as we only stayed for one drink I've no idea how it was lost in such a short amount of time.

Ice buckets were shook upside down, floors searched etc and the outcome "I must've given it to someone else. Sorry!"...

SAY WHAT???? You gave my husbands debit card to an entire stranger? And on a holiday weekend where we can't get our hands on a new one in time for the weekend away? Yup it would appear so. 

Beyond unacceptable. Will never return.
El vez is a great place to Have upscale Mexican food. Make reservations early as this place fills up quick. 
Walk in guests have to Wait 1-2 hrs. 

Love tres leches and guac- beat guac in philly 

I recommended going for lunch- u get a great side salad with entree for 15 bucks.



What's annoying is the Coed bathrooms downstairs.
2 Steven Starr restaurants in one weekend and I am in culinary heaven! 
El Vez is one of my favorite go to spots for amazing Mexican food. This visit was amazing as usual. We made reservations but it's usually easy to get seated in the afternoons vs. the evenings. They also have a brunch menu, but we stuck to the regular menu. We ordered a pitcher of margarita, the Tito Santana guacamole and open faced shrimp quesadilla. Everything thing was yummy. This was the first time we got the quesadilla and it was delicious. I was too full after this to order an entree. However I did taste the steak tacos and the steak is seasoned very well. El Vez is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city.
Overhyped.  The food was okay. We ordered the guacamole, mahi tacos, and short rib enchiladas.  There was nothing special about the guacamole. The mahi tacos were probably our favorite. With a squirt of lime, the tacos had the perfect flavor. The short rib enchiladas were good but extremely salty. Their portions are small. 
I would recommend making reservations online bec starting around 5PM the wait was already 45mins. They have outdoor and indoor seating.
Dear El Vez,

I know that we agreed that last night would be a one-night thing, but as I'm laying here experiencing this rough "morning after" feeling, I am starting to think that maybe we should do it again sometime.  I don't want to scare you away or anything, but the truth is... I think I feel in love with you last night.  I had both your Pink Cadillac Margarita and Granada Margarita, and they were FABULOUS, and left me wanting to try some more of your intoxicating liquids.  For instance, "The Sexican," and the "Cuchi-Cuchi" both sound tantalizingly delicious, and I am sure that I need to sample them when I get another chance with you. 

And, your guacamole... OOH!  Guacamole is basically a food group for me, but since moving to the east coast, I have had trouble finding good guac.  But your creamy guacamole... and five different varieties... just blew my mind!

Because these were the only things that I got to try with you, since we started so late, I feel like I didn't get to experience the whole you.  I feel like I need to taste everything on your menu, up and down, to really understand what you're all about.

Your atmosphere was lively, fun, and put me at ease.  The soft, curved couch booth that I sat in was positively delightful!

I'm looking over the pictures that I took last night in your photo booth, and I just can't stop thinking about you.

How about next Friday?

Yours truly,

Taylor L.
Seriously one of the best Mexican restaurants I've ever been to.  Friends and I went there for dinner and had such a great time! Our waiter super friendly and attentive.  The guacamole was AMAZING.  Get the 3 sampler guac so you get more to try.  I had the mixed tacos and open quesadilla.  There are some really great flavors with both of these dishes.  I used to think that the best Mexican food comes out of food trucks (which is partially true in NYC), but this restaurant slapped me across the face and told me that you can sit down and have a fantastic experience with Mexican food.  Love, love, love. 

I will definitely return here if I come back to Philly.
Besides the large spinning bicycle at the top of the bar, there's not really much to be impressed with here. This is your typical, noisy, crowded, kinda overpriced, Americnaized Mexican Food Place. 

We ordered their guacamole to share, which our waiter said they're known for. I don't know how you mess us Guac, but it was actually pretty bland besides heavily tasting of cilantro. My soup again, had very little flavor besides ocationally tasting of cheese. This kind sums up the whole experience. Generally eh, just an ocational pop of something interesting. I wouldn't come here to eat, maybe for quick drinks as a stop in a night out?
I had my very best girlfriends from high school visiting the city last night with their boyfriends. Thinking that it would be awkward as I was resident "5th wheel" because my boyfriend is away for the basketball season, suggested El Vez as in my experience this is always a crowd pleaser. The restaurant itself has the off-the-wall theme of the Mexican Elvis, "El Vez", vibrant colors, plush velvet booths, and a tequila bar that screams "try one of everything, just hope you don't die in the process". 

The food as always did not disappoint, I think my friends were a little dismayed by portion size for the price, but living in the city and knowing the quality of most Stephen Starr restaurants, you don't really question price, you just take in the flavor. 

Overhearings from around the table:: 
1st: The chicken enchilada was excellent, I could have licked the plate...and I kind of want to because there wasn't much to eat. 
2nd: The Carne Asada was great, enough that I couldn't eat the whole thing. 
3rd: The beef tacos were good, but what was that green sauce on top? I don't think I like it, and I definitely don't like tomatoes. (I know I know, maybe she should have read the contents of her order on the menu before ordering, but she's a picky eater and was enraptured by the word "beef"). 

I can attest to my tortilla soup and mexican chop house salad and say that they were both pretty tasty. I don't know that I've ever had a soup with actual chunks of avocado in it, but it was great nonetheless, the chicken was tender and it was spicy but not spicy enough to make me go reaching for my water. The salad was meh, I could take it or leave it, at $9 for a salad that most consists of chopped iceberg with a little bit of watercress, and a simple vinaigrette would have expected a little more. 

Blood orange margaritas are excellent, they are a solid 4 stars...the food/portion size in relation to price is a meager 2-3 stars counterbalancing my overall rating to a 3 star experience. Not too shabby.
Four words: FROZEN BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITAS

El Vez is my favorite place to take friends/family who are visiting Philadelphia because it's just so damn good!

You can expect a level of service typical of Starr restaurants that I've come to really appreciate. The wait staff is always courteous, attentive, and best of all they know the menu! Of course, per line 1, I can't say enough about the frozen blood orange margaritas. They're massive and totally delish. They make their guac fresh to order so you can't NOT guac #ItsAGuacLife. Also, the crispy mahi mahi tacos here are actually to die for - take it from someone who actually hates fish and seafood. When I get cravings, it's for those tacos - and don't forget to squeeze the lime from your plate into your tacos...it makes all of the difference!
Alright and somewhat pricey Mexican food. It might be that I have peasant taste buds but I feel I rather just pay less and get more at Taco Bell than come here to eat. I ordered their lunch special with came with a tortilla soup and black bean Enchiladas.  It was roughly $17 dollars if my memory comes to serve. That's like 3 boxes deals at Taco Bell. Ah. I was not so blown away but the taste and quality of the food.

It just seemed like regular quality food that can be purchased. I definitely did not rationalize that the cost was worth what was served. Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't bad. It just seemed that you could get the same taste or better at other locations for half the cost. 

This place seems like it's more for chilling with friends over a margarita then a sit down and eat place. I'll come back for a drink but I'll eat dinner before hand. Actually, I'll probably drink before too cause the prices can get high if you don't gauge yourself.
Very cool place - LOUD. With a great big round bar in the middle. 

So they are known for their guacamole - 4 or 5 kinds to try. And I guess if you are known for guac you can charge $13-$21 for it AND if you place it in a huge bowl that is actually really shallow - ie, not much in the bowl -  you can totally get away with charging that.....

The "original" was definitely delicious. And for $13 it should be. 

The tuna tostada appetizer With pineapple salsa was not great but was ok. My friend said their white sangria was good. 

I would come back to try their various taco plates as well as margaritas and other guacs. It's a cute place!
El Vez is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.  I've been there many times and every time I leave, I feel satisfied and full.  The guacamole is absolutely amazing (you can't go wrong with any of the choices) and the drinks are delicious (my personal fav is the blood orange margarita).  I usually end up getting the chipotle chicken tacos and I have to admit that I was at first put off by the way they were presented--the whole open face, just laying there sort of thing doesn't really appeal to me.  This all changed though as I soon as I took a bite--they are delicious!  The whole place just has a great vibe and the service there is fantastic! The addition of a working, old school photo booth is a definite plus. I highly recommend that you try this place at least once--I don't think you'll be disappointed
Look, it's a fun place. 

It's not going to set any records in Zagat for fine dining. the bartender is wearing her tee shirt knotted so when she bends over you can see her splash pad on her lower back. I'm not here for the best meal of my life.

I'm here to remember when...when I had a smaller waistline, didn't have an angry exhusband and the only person who called me mommy was my senile 89 year old grandfather at the home. I go there as an excuse to get a new top, feel sexy with my SG ( umm, stop looking at the splash pad not on me), and people watch.

That's the formula for the Steven Starr restaurant and it works here. Average but popular food, great theme decor and young, stylish staff. 

Why not? Who couldn't use more fun in their life?
I crave the frozen blood orange margaritas from here. They are the perfect consistency, flavor and they go down all too easy. Be careful, as they can trick you with their delightful flavor into thinking they lack sufficient alcohol content until suddenly--BAM- you get hit with a sudden rush of drunkenness. 

The guacamole here is delicious. My recommendation is the Indian Red Lopez which is composed of spicy crab, cilantro and salsa rojo. Delicioso! And for the main meal? I can't stay away from the crispy mahi-mahi tacos. The fish is succulent and crispy accompanied with tangy red cabbage and chipotle pepper remoulade. Yum. I absolutely adore these. After living in Hawaii for 4 years and eating fantasticly-fresh fish tacos on the regular, I was greatly concerned when I moved back to Philly that I wouldn't find a slammin' fish taco here, but I found it at El Vez! 

The only drawback to this place, is that it's very trendy (also pricy) so weeknights and weekends it draws a pretty big crowd. More often that not in the evening (especially summer) it can be a struggle to get a table without a reservation, but if you're just goin for a margarita, you can either sit or stand at the bar. 

And now after writing this review, recalling all the scrumptious flavors that El Vez brings to the table, my mouth is watering for a cool, refreshing margarita and a yummy mahi-mahi taco.
The food here is fantastic!  Go with a group and enjoy the food and service in a festive, laid-back atmosphere.

Start with the quintessential Mexican restaurant appetizer - chips and dip!  The guacamole is ridiculously fresh!  Mmm mmm good!  I also recommend that you order a side of the Manchego (?) cheese dip as well.  Reward your palate with alternating bites of the colder guacamole and the warm melted cheese dips.  Just be careful -- the appetizers are so good that you might not leave room for the main course!

I enthusiastically recommend that you try the crispy mahi mahi tacos.  Stuffed with red cabbage and avocado, I highly doubt that this is an authentic Mexican dish.  But......who cares?!?!?  It is absolutely delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!  I didn't even eat seafood this good when I was at the beach!

I'm psyched to go back another time and try a few other attractions on the menu, incl. the tortilla soup and the huge burritos that everyone raves about.  This is not a place for authentic Mexican food, but it is hands-down probably one of the best "Mexican restaurants" in the city!
I came here for dinner and I was ready to eat a lot since I didn't have anything besides breakfast! We started with two kinds of guacamole, bazooka and Cesar Chavez! Oh man they were so good and I gotta say that bazooka was my favorite because I love goat cheese! Then i had the steak tacos, medium cooked and it was juicy and full of flavor! Then we ended the night with churros, they were hot and fresh, just the perfect way to end a very nice dinner!!!!
Stopped by for drinks and dessert after finishing a dinner reservation nearby.  Thanks to COVID adjustments we were able to snag an outdoor table directly next to a heat lamp.   Our table was a little wobbly (which we ignored) but our like server promptly noticed and grabbed something to level it. 

We got water, blood orange margaritas and the cinnamon churros.  We chatted and people watched and had a great time.
The manager was the most disrespectable person I have dealt with in Philly. Very disappointing for being a Steven Starr. Would not go back because of how our group was treated.
El Vez is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. With a very modern intimate interior juxtaposed with delicious food and an amazing staff, El Vez is a dining experience fit for all occasions.

The nacho mamma is an array of nachos on a thin pan, and topped with all of the favorites: jalepenos red onions, cheese,  and crema to name a few. It is delicious and addictive. 

I appreciate the intentionality placed into the presentation of the food as well as the taste. There are a lot of options for vegetarians and meat eaters alike. I had the cauliflower tacos and they were great! They did have a lot of cheese on them, but the crispy onions added a nuanced flavor to the taco that worked very well. 

My wife graduated from Law school and we went there to celebrate and they were very collegial and friendly!! 

For dessert we had churros and the tres leches cake. All delicious! The tres leches was soft  and rich. The churros are better without the chocolate dip. 

I highly recommend El Vez!
I've visited El Vez on numerous occasions for drinks and once or twice for dinner as well.  I'm a huge fan of the Guava mojito.  Their Mahi-Mahi Tacos are a bit small, but extremely tasty.  Likewise for their Oxtail Enchiladas.

While the place does get packed, it is usually easy to get to the bar to order a drink.  The same can't be said about getting a table, so I recommend a reservation if you plan on dining during peak hours.  They don't really have happy hour specials and aren't part of center city sips, so no need to plan to visit during limited hours.

If you aren't too hungry, they offer a variety of salsas and guacamole to snack on.  They are a bit pricy, but extremely well done.  You can also them at the bar!
Freakin love it. My go -to girl spot for margaritas ( every last one is good), photo booth and amazing food!
Pretty average food served in portions that are smaller than you'd expect for slightly more than you'd expect to pay for it. 

When ordering our entrees, the waitresses kept pushing for us to get some sides. Despite the fact that we ordered appetizers. That'll tell you all you need to know about their portions. 

We asked for our food extra spicy, so a server brought out chopped jalapenos and habaneros, which after we got our bill, found out we were charged for. Not the end of the world, but it felt like when you go to one of those fast food restaurants and they charge you for an extra dipping sauce. 

I came with a party of 13 with no reservation during the brunch hour. They asked if they could split us up into groups of 5, 4 and 4. Perfectly okay with that. However, we got our bill and were charged a 20% gratuity for being a large party. This didn't make sense to me considering all three of our tables were in completely different parts of the restaurant. 

The waitress snatched the bill from me when I asked for it to be taken off. She said she assumed we were one party... despite the fact that we had 3 separate bills, and were seated at 3 different tables. 

As a rule I tip a minimum of 18%, more for good service, so it ended up being a matter of a few dollars, but it was the principle. A very unprofessional assumption for her to have made and very blatantly in her self-interest.
Solid option to quench your Mexican cravings. 

You don't have to be in Philadelphia long to learn about El Vez. The Steven Starr flagship establishment seems to have good word of mouth marketing and delivers with a good mix of Tex-Mex staples as well some funky twists on dishes you probably have had at other places. I would say to definitely try it at least once - it's a tourist trap to fall into but no need to continually dive in. 

The restaurant is in a busy area so parking is a nightmare! Garage parking is available nearby, or you can try to circle towards Old City or the other side of Broad Street and see if you can get lucky. Walk ins are typically an hourish wait (:/). We ended up waiting the time, but they do expect the full party to have arrived prior to seating so it was sort of annoying to just twiddle around until our names were called.

In regards to the food, go for the margaritas and nachos and stay for the vibe. The inside is decked out with mosaic tiles on the walls, and a hanging bike over the middle bar. There's also a photo booth to leave your mark! The portions are ample though the prices are a little much for the ingredients being served. 

I would say the service was OK. I felt we were being rushed through our meals at times in order to turn our table. I understand they were busy, but no need to put a time limit on us!

Overall a fine spot, nothing too extraordinary but worthy of your visit at least once =P!
An old friend treated us here for some late lunch goodies and ended up being more disappointed than satisfied. The appetizer was a good generous size and pretty yummy. It made us very excited about our meal seeing how how big and yummy that had been. Instead, everything went downhill from there. Our meals were tiny and not so memorable. I don't even remember what I ordered. It's definitely fun and festive inside and you find yourself looking around a lot instead of the food on your plate. The servers weren't that friendly and since I don't drink, I can't really critique that aspect of it. But it seems most people go there to have drinks. I probably wouldn't ever go back again.
This was my second time at El Vez, and it surpassed my first experience in so many positive ways. The food was delicious and the classic El Vez margarita pitchers were so tasty and refreshing! Let me start off by saying you cannot go wrong with their chips and guac. For our meals, my friend ordered the chicken quesadilla with jalapeños, and I ordered it without--I really appreciated our server giving me the option to leave them out. My other friend ordered the enchiladas. For dessert we had the churros. Everything came out better than expected. I really like their outdoor set-up and hope they can continue it. Our server, Carly, really made the whole experience. She was amazing! She constantly checked on us and didn't rush us out at all. Her demeanor was so warm and friendly. Can't wait to visit again and ask for her!
Sure, the guacamole may be muy bueno and the atmosphere is fun and funky, but you know what? Two margaritas, some shared guac and a bowl of soup just doesn't seem worth $40 to me.

Of course the waiter is going to push the truffle guacamole. Of course it's $18. Don't waste your money. 

Portions are small! Bathroom was missing paper towels and four out of six soap dispensers were empty. Uh, Stephen? Maybe you can help 'em out here?
yummy....the guacamole is awesome!!! All of our entrees were excellent. Our service was great and the drinks are delicious. yay :)
Finally came here for brunch after hearing rave reviews and living literally across the street. I must say the decor inside and out is stunning!! Lots of mosaic tiles and other shimmery parts (currently undergoing renovations so not as pretty, but should be done soon). We sat outside and I got the el vez burger, medium. I'm a huge fan of aioli too, plus avocado was a delicious combination. Only thing they could work on was the bun- I prefer thinner buns so you can savor what's inside. We also witnessed an interesting street fight haha. Otherwise solid 4- will need to come by for for dinner/hh!
I come here for solely for their guacamole. They don't have very many options for vegetarians, at least none that I've liked enough to come back for. 

If you're going to go, go with a group of 4+ so you have a chance of getting this cool comfy booths!
I went here for lunch but I don't think the menu is drastically different from their dinner menu.  I also didn't pay for it, which always improves the experience.  We had the guacamole because I am a fiend for it, and it definitely lived up to my expectations.  I ordered a burrito and found it to be pretty decent, but it was not nearly as good as similar fare I've had before.  I definitely want to go back so that I can sit outside, sip on some blood orange margaritas (didn't try any but I've heard wondrous things), and people watch on 13th Street.
Bleary-eyed from a week on the French corner of the Dominican Republic (if Yelp was in the DR, I'd have scores of reviews - come on!), we landed in the Iladel for an overnight.

Nobody recommended this place and we didn't even yelp it, but I see now that El Vez is highly regarded. Can we talk for a second about how freaking cool everyone who we came into contact with was? The hostess had a huge tattoo on her thigh and looked like she walked out of some upper Brooklyn artisinal broccoli salad purveyor photo shoot with oversized glasses, flowy shorts, and crush your skill under toe boots. All the servers looked like that too.

But they were nice to us! We ordered some guacamole and a pitcher of some kind of booze. I continue to have doubts about the $15 guacamole. It seems excessive to me, but they almost got it right: I might complain less if it also came with homemade chips, and if someone served it off his or her naked (hairless please) belly or other fleshly body part.

The taco combo sampler platter was good. I especially liked the pork, as usual, and she liked the chicken. The booze pitcher was $40 or so, but worth it: we both got plenty wasted, more wasted then two drinks each would have bought us. The mezcal was tangy and spicy, nicely balanced and not too sweet at all.

If everything cost 1/3 less, I'd give it five stars. Still, we enjoyed this a lot. Everything was freshly prepared, flavorful, and excellent in concept and execution. This would be a great spot to order pitcher after pitcher of delicious drink and eat a bowl or two of guacamole with some folks.
The best red sangria I have ever tasted.  Seriously, it's like crack.  Can someone please tell me what's in it? Pepper flakes?  Red hots?

Edited 9/11/08:  I'm really trying to be all healthy these days so when I hit El Vez (often), I stick to one drink and a reasonable amount of food.  That being said, the guacamole is still kick-ass and the chicken tortilla soup is teriffic.
I have always loved the guacamole and blood orange margaritas at El Vez, but I had a recent experience there I had to share because I am SO impressed.

my friend and I ended up with leftover guacamole, enough that I felt obligated to take it home with me, knowing that I'd probably end up throwing it out when it was brown the next day. but, no! the kitchen staff had wrapped my delicious guacamole in a banana leaf, so that it was just as green and delicious as it had been in the restaurant!  way to go, El Vez!
overhyped, overpriced, but the drinks are good, and the guac is quite tasty.
this year, i went for cinco de mayo (i'm a glutton for crowded-ness) and they had set up extra tables outside.  
it wasn't bad once we got some bar counter space.
and i could never hate a place with a photobooth.
great place to go for summer sips if you get there early.
The food is okay, by no means terrible, but for some reason I go here at least once every couple months

The blood orange margaritas are usually to DIE for, and although the food (esp. the guacamole) can get pricey, they are pretty large portions.

I'm not sure what they marinade their mushrooms in, but it ruins the texture of the portebellos that come with the vegetable fajitas

They do have sweet velvet booths, and a little picture booth that my boyfriend and i take pictures in every time we go
This place is ALWAYS packed no matter the time of day and the wait is usually a while, but you can usually find a spot at the bar. The atmosphere is fun, and the chicken tacos are really good. A little pricy and kind of small, but flavorful and I liked the spices. I would recommend getting the guac, huge bowl and we took some home as well. I've heard the pistachio and goat cheese guac is good so I will be back to try that. Def pair everything with a marg
Great restaurant and wonderful food! The ambience is lively, and it sometimes can get quite loud. During my first trip here, I was told by waitstaff that they had a dedicated fryer and that I was able to eat the tortilla chips given my gluten allergy. On my second trip, to be safe, I wanted to verify that the fryer indeed is dedicated for my gluten allergy. Sadly they also fry other breaded food items in the fryer with the tortilla chips. I was very disheartened to hear this! Nonetheless, the margaritas are wonderful and guacamole (although not as delicious) is healthier for you with vegetables rather than tortilla chips!
After a long day of sightseeing in the City of Brotherly Love, dinner at El Vez was a welcome conclusion to an exhausting day. 

Why El Vez? It was two blocks from my hotel. Lucky for me. When I Yelped nearby places and read that this place served fish tacos, I was sold. Another bonus was that they are on opentable.com, so I was able to reserve a table 1 1/2 hours before showing up AND earn 100 points! 

I am so glad I made the reservation as this place was packed... and on a Wednesday night! The only negative thing I can say is that it was so loud in there! I guess that is a sign that patrons are enjoying themselves! 

After reading through several reviews I knew I had to try the blood orange margarita. It was good, but not OMG good. I probably would of ordered another if they weren't $9 each. That's almost an order of fish tacos. And what about happy hour? When i popped in at 5 pm last night as I was passing by I asked if they had one and the hostess said no. 

We had the original guacamole served in the huge mortar bowl which I think they do to make it look like there is more than you think. The only improvement I would recommend is that for $13 they could make the portion larger AND prepare it at your table like another overpriced Mexican joint in DC. It was very good, BTW. Also good were the fish tacos. they are about the size of those McD's snack wraps, but instead of paying $2.79 for two, you get to pay $11!! Not quite a deal, but as I said, very good. 

If they started having a happy hour and charged $5 for their margaritas, then I'd say this would the place to go. Paying $5.50 for one taco would be easier to stomach, especially with discounted alcohol to wash it down.
Terrible. That, honestly, is the only word I can use to describe this place. 

I moved here from Los Angeles and have been in search of some worthy Mexican fare. This ain't it...

I've been to Barclay Prime twice now and it goes without saying that it's spectacular. I have always liked the way El Vez looked from the outside, so my wife took me there for my birthday last year to stick with the whole Steven Starr thing. 

We ordered guacamole just to see it made at our table only, it wasn't made at our table. It just mysteriously appeared within seconds. Damn, they're fast... No big deal... it still looked somewhat appetizing. We each took a few scoops with the steel nachos that felt like they had been sitting out for a year and had to stop there. There was so much salt in it that I almost got sick. 

For dinner we ordered the fajita. The people next to us had the fajita for 2 and it looked awesome. It wasn't. Again, with the salt... It was terrible and we didn't even finish it. 

Happy birthday to me. We skipped dessert and went home. Never again... If you want real Mexican, go to La Lupe.
best. guac. ever. i always get the chicken tacos and they always taste just as amazing as i remember.  plus, there's a photobooth, which is always a good time. this may be an odd observation, but i really dig the bathrooms and the shared mosaic-ed blue space for the guys and gals to (hopefully) use when they wash their hands. there's also a capogiro gelato conveniently located across the street, just sayin'.
