A great coffee shop is made of more than simply the drinks it serves. It's the amalgamation of different elements that, when brought together, create an all-round customer experience. 

+Consistently serving the finest espresso
+Friendly baristas 
+Affordable
+Ample comfortable furniture
+Wifi and outlets
+Unique decor

From the delicious lattes to the great environment, these are the factors I look for when I enter a coffee shop. And lucky for us Philadelphians, Elxir is the epitome of this description. It has always been a positive, comfortable, and sociable gathering spot away from home and work for me. You'll leave with perfect coffee for your soul while feeling inspired and energized.
The world can be divided into two: Tea culture, and coffee culture. I'm definitely a coffee drinker. Coffee culture can be divided into two: Starbucks and Elixr . I'm definitely an Elixr drinker. 
As most people, I just cannot start my morning, any morning, without coffee. I like caffeinated coffee, and I don't like mornings, but I really, really like caffeinated mornings--especially when a hand-poured coffee is involved. 

At other cafés, the barista may have the audacity to ask... regular to decaf?!!!! And I'm like...Decaf? who drinks decaf? it's like when you drink unalcoholic beer with the promise of a buzz in the air!  It aint happening. I don't think I even saw the decaf option at Elixr's limited menu. 
The friendly barista poured his coffee knowledge at me, as I was "Elixr-Virgin" and gave me his recommendations. I wanted to try some hand-poured coffee. They have beans from Colombia, Ethiopia, Costa Rica, and Kenya. I got " El Roble " an artisanal, hand-roasted beans from Costa Rica. I was not disappointed. 

This intimate low key coffee roaster has one of the most satisfying and simple pleasures in life, coffee. I'm sure I'll keep coming back for the comfy atmosphere and the great coffee.  It is not your average cup of joe.

 Five Yelps and a coffee, please!
Elixr is one of my favorite coffee shops for meetings and brainstorming. The energy is high, the music is pumping (which sometimes makes it hard to have a conversation so I generally keep said meetings to three people max) and the caffeine is a-kickin'. Pretty sure I'm never falling asleep tonight after two afternoon coffee drinks. Also, the baristas are friendly and they always do that cute heart thing in the latte foam. I love cute hearts in latte foam! 

The turnover for tables and especially the more comfy couch seating is pretty high, or maybe I've just been lucky on my past couple of visits. The people watching is prime.
You know this is going to be something special when you can smell this beautiful aroma dancing in the air from a block away. Just let it carry you inside where you will feel a sudden surge of excitement come upon you. You might also have  an impatient pulse wondering when is it your turn to order, when is it your turn to indulge into that perfect cup. Those are the questions that will be running through your head , or maybe you are in need of some much needed caffeine? Maybe less caffeine in how you would approach it, if you are that anxious. 

What is an "Elixir ? To simply say it's a magical liquid that can cure illness or extend life.  True annnnnd true. 

~Cure an illness? Why yes, yes it can, just stop in if you are feeling sluggish or a bit depressed. A cup of this finely roasted , finely brewed cup of goodness will change how you feel.  
~Extend life? Your damn right it will, again partake in a cup of this aromatic treasure and you'll notice a spike in your step! It will make you feel like nothing can stop you, taking over the world is on your mind now . Hence the magical reference!  

There are plenty of coffee shops in Philly, but this has to be the most unique one out of the bunch. Don't get me wrong there are some great shops out there also serving up works of art like Elixr. Elixr is simply unique, they definitely stand out as being original with their decor.  The decor is well, pretty much awesome along with the baristas making your one of a kind cup. I guess I also have to mention that they also make tea for those who are not into coffee. I on the other hand, I love and need coffee just to keep on going. 

The coffee roasting gods have granted us with a gift, so don't question it, or how is it possible that this is that damn good. Accept it ladies and gents, accept this marvelous gift bestowed to us.
Fantastic specialty coffee shop in Center City, offering a variety of delicious espresso drinks as well as vegan donuts and cinnamon rolls. Ambiance is sleek and modern yet cozy and inviting. Lots of seating and surfaces to work on, as well as outdoor seating. Prices are very reasonable ($5 for an iced Americano and vegan donut).

My Americano was perfectly made, and I really enjoyed the vegan donut. I was pleased to see that they had several different flavors, including chocolate pistachio, maple walnut, and blueberry coconut. Staff was very friendly and patient. All credit cards accepted.
I like to exercise my coffee palate. And so I do. Several times a day. 
But when a NEW place opens in town, I, of course, being of sound (ish) mind and caffeine-craving body, must explore... experience...evaluate. Today, on a la-di-da afternoon when everone sauntered aimlessly about town, I set out on a mission to seek the new spot. I had read a few of the reviews, and prepared myself for some picnic tables and a varietal selection with a pour-over method, very similar to Spruce Street Espresso. Now, the term "picnic tables" is not really accurate...they are communal tables that happen to be beautifully hand-crafted from special wood by a guy from Amish Country. And it's really a nice way to feel connected to like-minded coffee lovers, in the way that places like Talulas Table, Le Pain Quotidien, or some other shops are catching on. 
Service was not only friendly, but patient and willing - nay, ADEMANT, to please. The Baristas were knowledgeable and enthusiastic about their product without being overbearing (many new places make this mistake and it makes for an uncomfortable experience, note the token phrase "Have you been here before?" Ugh.). I felt completely at ease as one Barista and I discussed my varietal options which were listed with accompanying flavor profiles. I personally prefer a dark roast coffee as thick as sludge and as espresso-like as you can get. The Barista said the darkest of what was available was probably the El Salvador, but that it honestly was not a dark roast. While waiting for my brew (this is not WAWA so don't expect a grab-n'-go situation...this is connoisseur country, mutha...) a woman came in and wanted brewed coffee...IMMEDIAMENTE. Today they didn't have coffee on tap. Usually they will have one varietal brewed in the urn, but today they only had enough beans to accomodate single cups. She was unwilling to wait, and pretty vocal about her frustration. I giggled to myself as the staff received her negativity with polite patience and sincerity. 
         I swirled and sniffed before I sipped, as I usually do with a new coffee, and alas! I didn't like it. It just wasn't for me. I was so sad, not because I didn't enjoy my expensive coffee, but more because - well, I liken it to someone giving you a wrapped Christmas gift, and you are so touched, and they are excited to have you open it and love the gift, and you hate it. You want to love it, but you don't...and they say "I have the gift receipt..." and you want to say "no, no...it's great... thank you so much." but dishonesty only creates an elephant in the room of a friendship...and I wanted to be honest here, so I said as apologetically as I could "I don't like it". 
         The owner, a man so beautiful to look at I felt like I was tripping over my words the entire time, was determined to please me (if only more men understood this) and offered to brew me a cup of Ethiopian himself. While he was crafting my new drink (no he did not make me pay again), I learned he had spent time living in Indonesia, how proud he was of his new business (and yes, how excited he was about the communal tables. They really are beautiful.), and how passionate he is about coffee. I learned that the coffee they buy costs them more than I would ever expect, and that sustainability and quality are really priorities for him. He is humble and happy to be doing what he is doing, and his employees reflect his energy. It was intoxicating to stand among such proverbial warmth. 
       The Ethiopian was closer to my preferences, although not my favorite. But we talked in depth about flavor profiles and what I might like, things I know I DO like, and about the possibility of regular cupping events that he will host. I can't wait.
         The food in the case looked amazing. I didn't recognize the pastries from anywhere I'd seen, but the almond crossaints looked like works of art, they were so beautiful. The sandwiches, I have read, are done by Marathon. I am over the moon about this place. Anyone who is as into coffee for coffee's sake as I am will be appreciative of a cafe of this caliber in the area. You don't come here for a 7-Eleven cup of blech. You come here for coffee that you enjoy because it's coffee. Good coffee. But what scores the extra point on the TD here is the staff. I got the feeling that I would be treated as well as I was today even if it weren't their opening week. 
......And, you know, being so beautiful that you make Gale turn into a blithering puddle of jimmer jammer (no - I have no idea what that even MEANS) doesn't hurt, either. He gets 5 stars, too.
The people have spoken, this place is the shiz. 

The coffee is great, the dudes behind the counter are cool and every wonderful thing everyone says about this place is true. I just wanted to add my vote, along with this delicious fact: In the lower level of the coffee shop, every single seat has a designated plug. It's a remote employee's dream!
I'm not sure how I haven't reviewed Elixr before... it's one of my favorite coffee shops in America. 

Elixr has it all - the amazing coffee, the relaxing and comfortable environment, and the extremely friendly and helpful customer service.

DRINK/FOOD: I primarily only drink cold brew and only occasionally drink pour over or espresso or something else. That being said their cold brew is one of my favorites! Always on point, smooth and has such a great flavor. Their pastries are always really great & fresh too.

The ATMOSPHERE at Elixr is incredible. I love working from here - and often choose this over any other place when I'm in town for work (once or twice a year). It's so cozy and welcoming and they've used the space really well to provide a variety of seating and maximize availability for people working. I love the decor; slightly rustic, slightly industrial. I feel like it does a great job being a not-too-trendy coffee shop that fits perfectly in the city of Philly.

One of the best parts about Elixr is the SERVICE. It's so refreshing to walk into a "trendy" coffee shop and be welcomed and genuinely greeted by the people behind the counter. Constantly traveling for work (and being from the south) I need that friendly vibe as much as possible, and Elixr never disappoints.

All these things make me want to keep coming back here (and wish I was in Philly more to make this a regular work spot!). If you're on this fence, or thinking about going somewhere else, change your plans and decide on visiting Elixr!
I love coffee. 

When you walk in, this place can be a little intimidating if it's your first time. Combine it with a little mystery in what part of the counter you place your order, whether or not you order on the iPad sitting on the counter, and the fact that you cannot see the menu until it's your turn to order...and you might get a little confused.

Once it's your turn to order, a friendly barista helps you pick if you cannot. I ordered a Santa Domingo for myself and one for my BF. Lately we have been very, very partial to simply...coffee. Not an americano, not iced coffee, and certainly not some sugary syrupy coffee beverage. And as always, we enjoy the coffee black. Delicious.

Despite my confusion, I think Elixr is a beautiful space to enjoy coffee and it is a big improvement over their original small space that was nearby. I gave them 4 stars for bringing a unique coffee experience to Center City.

There's a shortage of actually good, nice places to enjoy just coffee in Center City. Come here if you want the real deal.
Elixr is a new, recently opened specialty coffee shop on 15th street between Locust and Walnut which just happens to be located right along the block between my train stop and my office at 15th and Walnut. Since they were new and convenient, I decided to give them a shot and see how they stacked up to the local competition.

I stopped in during the two first days of business, yesterday and today, and was pleasantly surprised both days. The coffee is strong and delicious, the space is clean, modern and comfortable, and the staff is friendly and welcoming.

The key differentiator between Elixr and its local competition its dedication to variety. Whereas most coffee shops in the area serve the same blend of LaColombe or their own proprietary roast (starbucks/cosi/etc.) day after day, Elixr provides their customers the option to sample various roasts and blends.  

Each day Elixr offers a coffee on "Tap", a pre-brewed blend ready to be dispensed (today's was a Guatemalan).  Alternatively, the customer has an option to choose from 3-4 additional roasts/blends that can be prepared to-order (pour-over style).  All coffees, tap and pour-over, are listed at the counter complete with flavor profiles to allow the customer to make an informed decision.  When you drink coffee every day, this option to "switch it up" is always welcome.

Elixr is shaping up to be a great addition to the CC coffee scene and I'm looking forward to discovering some great coffee. I didn't have a chance to review the rest of their offerings, but plan to on future visits.
I figure it's high time I review Elixr, considering I've spent the majority of my free time here over the last week. But, I've got to tell you, I'm good friends with one of the boys that helped open Elixr. 

That being said, I know how passionate these guys are about coffee. I've witnessed the phenomenon that others have mentioned before; if they make your drink and they don't think it's perfect, they'll make it again so it is. 

I don't need to tell you about the different brews that are on tap. I don't need to tell you about the marble counter tops, the Mexican Coke, or the Marathon sandwiches. I'll just tell you that if you want a great cup of coffee, you need to go here. If not for all of those things, but the fact that they want you to have that great cup of coffee as much as you do. I'd even argue that they want it more than you.
Coffee shop with a cool vibe. There's a mix of people doing work on laptops and chatting with friends. It's louder than average and gets pretty crowded, and the Wifi was pretty spotty at times. The room also smelled a bit of stuffy cigarette smoke. 

It's a unique place to check out, but I'd say it's more of a place to go chat with friends rather than get work done.
amazing coffee. 
amazing decor'
amazing staff


whats else is there to say?
I don't normally go to hipster spots, but Charlene Y. wanted to grab some coffee and said Elixr was wonderful.

Walking in, you can tell this place is hipster! Service is great and coffee was delicious. Another plus? Beautiful flower wallpaper close to the entrance... so you knew I had to take a picture! ;)
tl;dr an edgy, lively coffee bar in the heart of Center City, but admittedly an unideal place to post up for work

While strolling down the hustle and bustle of Center City Walnut Street, you may see coffee enthusiasts in the know turning off onto an unassuming alley behind the Racquet Club. Tucked away on this side street is one of the better-known coffee roasters in town. If you're feeling bold (or if the caffeine addiction comes a-itching), follow the crowd to see what the buzz is about.

Immediately, the blasting low-fi music and the distinct aroma of coffee give you a good sense of what Elixr is all about. Across from the entrance, a stainless steel barn door marks the no-purchase-required unisex stall, and to the left, you are led into a long space divided into two levels. Closer to the entrance are long cushioned benches surrounding a communal coffee table. The back half of the coffee bar is mezzanine-ed and houses a collection of table space. This coffeehouse channels chic industrial vibes, featuring an exposed HVAC, wooden flooring and furniture accents, tastefully-grungy exposed brick, and high bay windows. 

Seasonal single-origin brews and an assortment of offbeat espresso beverages (such as the autumnal Squash Kombucha latte) are all the rage here. Even midday on a weekday, Elixr may have a line weaving down from the mezzanine toward the entrance. Wifi is free and fast, and seating is usually available. The real tragedy, though, is that the table area, which is more conducive to work, has a dearth of outlets. Power stations are plentiful at the benched common area, but without a convenient place to spread your devices. To be fair, Elixr is more of a hangout joint than a productive, cookie-cutter coffeehouse. But the lack of practicality makes Elixr lower on my tier list of ideal coffee spots for the everyday grind.
I'm a huge fan of this coffee shop, although - as others have mentioned - it is a little difficult to spot because it is down a small alley. Still, a quick double back doesn't hurt. 

Lattes are prepared beautifully and taste strong. Prices are comparable to NYC standards. 

It looks like a lot of people end up camping out here for the day, so there weren't many seating options available to us. We ended up sitting at the counter near the window, which was nice because it was brighter compared to the rest of the cafe which is kept a little too dark for my liking.

Mom and I actually ended up spending a good amount of time here reading and getting work done. There is a nice spacious bathroom at the front; it was almost always full, but it was still nice to have.

Wifi is complimentary.
I've been to Elixr twice - tucked away from the bustle of downtown, it can be tricky to locate. I'm impressed with the flavor of their coffee/ espresso, the variety and taste of their drinks, and the use of space as a location to sit down with your laptop or a friend. If you're looking for a quick coffee to-go, however, you're better off somewhere else. Elixr offers a great space to "set-up shop" and make yourself comfortable. It's the perfect ELIXIR for a rainy, sleepy day. However, the two times I've visited, it's taken a LONG time to get my drink. Like 5-10 minutes long. Even with 5 baristas behind the counter. They take names, but call out the drinks based on the order - and sometimes it's too loud or the employee is too soft spoken. You're basically forced to stand at the counter, where there is not ample space to linger, and it can get claustrophobic quickly. 

TLDR; good place for a quality beverage. volume: loud, prices: on the higher side; taste: great; service: genuine, kind, but very, very slow. Good place for good company, but not great if you need to focus. Busy, delicious, worth a visit, but not if you're in a hurry.
The most reviewed and highest rated coffee shop in Philly is woke AF. They had a sign out on the streets that supported the children protesting for more gun control and a flyer on the storefront that says stop profiling Muslims. Basically if you ignorant and racist don't come here. 

I ordered a latte and a friend ordered a nitro cold brew, both were insanely good and of good quality. Customer service was solid, for a packed coffee shop it was relatively quiet, seemed like business folks and students working on stuff without a noise. They have WI-FI and a bathroom if anyone needs it.
Reporting to you LIVE from the comfy chair at Elixr, 207 S. Sydenham Street. 

Elixr is where I've been killing a couple hours each week between Lithe Method (17th and Locust) and work (Broad and Chestnut). I always feel welcomed, the music always varies (typically indie rock, occasionally straight up Beyonce or Biebs) and the coffee is damn strong. There's plenty of seating (unlike Green Line Cafe) and it never gets too crazy (unlike La Colombe). 

They've got yogurt and homemade granola, bagels and cream cheese, and homemade imitation KIND bars. Cookies and pastries as well. A drip coffee is $2.25, iced it's $3. You could spend up to $7 on a hand pour, which I've never gotten because I think that's silly.

The only way to make Elixr better would be a punch card for repeat customers. How about it, kids?
Coffee lover here! So this place is a dream come true for me! Great atmosphere, great coffee lounge music, and fantastic laid back service. But the main reason why I came here was to try their coffee and I must say that is one of the best I have tried in the country! You can only find places like this in Europe!
Count me as one of the many fans of Elixr. I've now visited twice, and I can attest to the friendly and informative service. One morning, while trying not to go overboard on caffeine, I got into a conversation with one of the baristas and discovered that a regular cup of coffee actually has more caffeine than a latte. I'm sure that also depends on sizes and whatnot, but it was enlightening nonetheless. 

I ordered my latte and admired the lovely fruit tarts on display. Priced at a mere $2.50 each, I'll be sure to return when my sweet tooth starts calling.

The space itself is cute, with long wooden tables for sharing and a counter along one wall with stool seating. A refrigerated case houses juices, orangina and sparkling water. 

What a nice little nook of serenity in the center of the concrete jungle!
Another pit stop during our travels in Philly to see my brother! This was by far our favorite coffee shop that we stopped by during our entire visit. The hot vanilla latte hit the spot and was absolutely divine. It had just the right combination of espresso and vanilla with a hint of honey. 
We enjoyed our drinks so much that we bought some of the Beekeeper espresso beans to try at home with Marvin's fancy espresso machine. In fact, we are STILL restocking these delicious beans from their online store now because that's how good these beans are. So happy that we found this shop and can continue to enjoy their flavors all the way back on Long Island.
Wow! I am blown away by Elixr! I know I'm a coffee snob but hey is Seattle life pumping through my caffeinated veins! I can't help but get goosebumps for a perfect Cortado or latte. But the true test of an incredible coffee is drinking it black. Elixr is that place! This is the place where incredible coffee is born! 

I was on my way to the Mütter Museum and I needed a pick me up. This place is hidden down an alley with only a graffitied face lighting your way. As soon as you walk in it's gorgeous! I wanted to put a ring on it! The wall paper by the bathroom is a stunning new floral. There's a colorful mural and a curtain of flowers hanging above. You walk some steps to the counter. There were five pour over options. I went for Faustino Reyes from Colombia with notes of strawberry, toffee and honeysuckle! Something about "Faust" caught my eye! The barista was great about getting my name and keeping me posted on my luxury coffee. The pour overs average at $4.50. And they are completely worth the splurge. The coffee needed nothing and tasted incredible. Twin Peaks character Agent Cooper would have been proud!! There are also treats like donuts and croissants.  

I was a nerdy traveler that needed to charge her life support...I mean phone. The horse shoe seating in the lower level has outlets lining beneath the seats. So smart! Elixr is smart, tasty and beautiful!! I almost didn't want to leave. Who knew such a gorgeous treasure hid in the mist of  downtown Philly. I am easily putting this in my Philly rotation! And I gotta get me some beans next time! And squeeze in some insta photos with my beauty! Til' we meet again Elixr! Xooxo
One of the best parts about traveling is finding a place that feels like it was made just for you.

One of the worst parts about traveling is finding a place that feels like it was made just for you.

I would say that Elixr is my spirit coffeehouse. I'm sorry I know this caffeine soulmate exists now because I'm not sure I can justify flying down to Philly just to get a cup (though I suppose I could always order their beans to be sent to my house... just not the same though, is it?).

What I like most about this spot is the vibe: admittedly, it's a hipster haven, but at the same time has somehow captured that air of boutique, boho, original coffeehouse culture from the nineties. It's frozen in time, but feels current and because of this I was instantly smitten the moment I walked through their doors. From business meetings to friends catching up, from quiet bibliophiles to keyboard warriors, Elixr is whatever you need it to be.

And, y'know, they serve amazing coffee. These are purveyors who are clearly passionate about the sourcing and roasting of their beans, and that's reflected in their rich, flavorful coffee.
The cafe scene at the corner of 15th and Walnut has always been crowded, with at least five establishments within one block: Cafe Loftus, Cosi, and three Starbucks franchises. Starting next week, you will have two more choices:  Le Pain Quotidien and Elixr, slated to open Wednesday, January 19. 

Exlir is a tiny, glass-fronted coffee shop located directly across from Max Brenner's on 15th Street directly below Walnut Street. The seafoam green interior features high ceilings, hardwood floors and paneling, communal tables, leather armchairs and a flat-screen HDTV.  A white-granite countertop wraps around the bar. 

The uniqueness of Exlir's offerings starts with the source of their coffee, most of which is currently roasted in Kansas. Plans are in the works for local sources to be featured as well. Drinks include coffee, lattes, espresso, and hot chocolate. The cafe will also feature Marathon sandwiches and oatmeal made from steel-cut oats. 

I sampled a single shot of espresso, which was bitter, full bodied, and quite tasty. One of the proprietors imparted the importance of quality crema on an espresso, and if that's what you're into this one definitely has it.

It will be interesting to see what type of clientèle develops at one of latest offerings in a crowded locale which somehow manages to remain under-served.
Great place and atmosphere.  The coffee was tasty and the pastries delicious.  I had a cappuccino which is my typical go to.  It seemed to have more of a quiet study/work vibe to it.  I'd gladly visit this place again when in Philadelphia.
After a delightful brunch at El Vez, I had some time to kill before heading to the airport, so I joined a friend for a little coffeeklatching at Elixr.

The two of us wandered in, and I was immediately impressed.  Elixr may not be much to look at from the outside, but the interior is totally striking.  It's very modern, but with plenty of rustic and industrial touches strewn throughout.  (I especially dug the huge, rolling steel door leading to the restroom.)  Elixr is very popular with the academic crowd, so expect to squeeze between stressed-out grad students on their Macbooks if you want a seat.

Elixr is mostly a coffee place, with lots of exotic brews for coffee aficionados.  However, I went against the grain and ordered a chai latte, which turned out to be one of the more unique variations I've had.  It was very flavorful and creamy, but almost too creamy.  It was so viscous that it barely poured at all -- sort of like a hot, chai-flavored milkshake.  Tasty, but not quite what I was expecting.

My companion enjoyed his coffee immensely.  I tasted it and thought it was fine, but I'm no coffee expert by any means.

Service was quick and friendly.  The baristas have lots of enthusiasm for the art of coffee-brewing.  I could listen to them lecture about coffee beans all day long.

All in all, I was impressed.  I'd be happy to check Elixr out again.
Elixr is my absolute favorite cafe in Philly. I'm finally writing this review after my countless days spent here putting in blood, sweat, and tears (hyperboles) to study for all my midterms and finals. 

Reasons why I love Elixr, to list a few:
- GREAT coffee & tea (they have Oatly oat milk as one of their non-dairy milk options, which is a game changer. I recommend matcha with oat milk.)
- Various pastries. They have Dottie's donuts (which I recently found out that they were, in fact, vegan) and really good almond croissants (check out canelés on weekends - Saturdays or Sundays? I forget).
- Cool playlist that's for everyone (From Frank Ocean and Grimes to 90's music, etc.)
- Warm & cozy atmosphere. I love the big communal table that encourages patrons to interact with each other. They also feature different local artists to decorate their interior and mural every season.

And most importantly!! The one thing that sets Elixr apart from all the other cafes in Philly: the kind, friendly people behind the counter. They create such an inclusive environment where everyone feels welcomed and that's what I love the most about this place/keeps me coming back for years!
Elixr is a great coffee shop. It might be Philly's best. The coffee is always very good. I really appreciate that they sell Dottie's Doughnuts so I can have a vegan snack with their coffee. One last bonus: an outlet beneath each seat in the large seating area in the front of the store.
It's a question of accessibility. The new location is great: high ceilings, open air, the murmer of students' overexcited voices about Dickens's lost novel. And the coffee is definitely a cut above average; a small cut above, but a cut above nevertheless. The staff is helpful and kind, and it's only a stone's throw from Walnut St. 

The problem, for me, is an exertive Bohemianism. It seeks to fulfill its cliche, and it does so primarily through tireless mark-ups. A small cup of coffee is comparable - a quarter or two more expensive, sure - but every other drink is at least three dollars. I don't want my coffee to be a statement; I want to pay for the drink, not the image. I know coffee shops lend themselves to heavy wallets and elite personalities, but I'm looking for a place to be a regular, a place to lighten my head, not my pocket.
This is one sexy coffee bar. White marble countertops paired with stools and wooden tables with benches pay no mind to the cushioned coffee house code, and it turns me on.

Thankfully, all that attention paid to design takes nothing away from the coffee, which is why we're all here, isn't it? The baristas certainly want you to enjoy and are uber-enthusiastic, ready to pour from "on tap" or brew a fresh cup of whichever blend you'd like. There's a small food (pastries and sandwiches) and drink selection, too, which I hear will be expanding soon. 

Seating is communal, and there's not much of it, but seating serendipitously opened up once I fixed my coffee and finished browsing the food case. I had some trouble connecting to wifi, but others seemed to get on just fine.
This is one of those places where you can tell the beans are just another level. 

I got a basic iced coffee here. The boldness of the coffee flavor came through without overwhelming me. It just hit me right. 

I got one of the cinnamon sugar donuts too. It was good but not must have. The coffee is the star here.
I'm a regular here. Period. 

The coffee is strong and actually gives you energy. It's not watered down like Dunkin. 

I won't say all, but the majority of the employees here are really genuine and kind. Specifically one woman with amazing dark curly hair. She's always smiling. Always kind to me. 

They also have oatly oat milk here. Let me tell y'all something. If you have digestive issues like I do, oatly oat milk is the jam. You can drink coffee, it still has a creamy taste and doesn't mess with your stomach. So that's a win by itself. 

The place is almost always filled with people relaxing. Meeting up with a friend or group. 

Also worth noting. There's a homeless guy who just kinda sits there inside next to the door. Super harmless dude just trying to get out of the cold I supposed. But I like how they don't harass him. He bothers no one and no one bothers him. It also looks like he may get coffee. Either someone buys it for him or they give it to him. Either way...it makes me feel good to know someone homeless is being treated like a human there. Thanks elixir.
I'm not sure how I haven't reviewed Elixr before... it's one of my favorite coffee shops in America. 

Elixr has it all - the amazing coffee, the relaxing and comfortable environment, and the extremely friendly and helpful customer service.

DRINK/FOOD: I primarily only drink cold brew and only occasionally drink pour over or espresso or something else. That being said their cold brew is one of my favorites! Always on point, smooth and has such a great flavor. Their pastries are always really great & fresh too.

The ATMOSPHERE at Elixr is incredible. I love working from here - and often choose this over any other place when I'm in town for work (once or twice a year). It's so cozy and welcoming and they've used the space really well to provide a variety of seating and maximize availability for people working. I love the decor; slightly rustic, slightly industrial. I feel like it does a great job being a not-too-trendy coffee shop that fits perfectly in the city of Philly.

One of the best parts about Elixr is the SERVICE. It's so refreshing to walk into a "trendy" coffee shop and be welcomed and genuinely greeted by the people behind the counter. Constantly traveling for work (and being from the south) I need that friendly vibe as much as possible, and Elixr never disappoints.

All these things make me want to keep coming back here (and wish I was in Philly more to make this a regular work spot!). If you're on this fence, or thinking about going somewhere else, change your plans and decide on visiting Elixr!
The coffee here is superb. I haven't heard of many roasters from the east, I'm usually a blue bottle, stumptown, verve, and other west coast roasters kinda guy. But this definitely placed elixir on the map for me.

Thanks for the simple yet delicious cup. Made my morning. Also the ambience of the place certainly made this more enjoyable too. :)
Excellent quality coffee! I always go for the cappucino and it has always been consistently great. My last visit i went for the latte and it lived up to my expectations. 

This location is perfect to spend an aftornoon catching up with a friend or browsing through the internet while enjoying a delicious cup of coffee. I must wanr you it is always busy - but if you come early enough you can get a chair by the window - excellent place to people watch!
Great coffee. They have cold brew on tap AND latte's - both of which I highly recommend. There is also cold pressed canned coffee if you want something quick to go and wake you up.
 
I haven't had a chance to try their foods yet but they look delicious.
Passive aggressive Barista with a bad attitude. I brought my small 20lb puppy into the store and asked if I was allowed/should I wait outside. I was met with a "well every place that serves food in the city doesn't allow dogs, so yeah...wait outside." I apologized.

1) I did not know that was a rule because I take my dog to DiBruno Brothers every other day to get coffee with no issues. In fact, they love my dog and are excited to see him (that's good customer service). I'm not saying you NEED to allow dogs, but maybe just have a sign up or nicely explain to the customer. 

2) You could simply answer the question without being passive aggressive/rude.

After waiting outside and having to continue looking in the window to see when my drink was ready (why couldn't they just bring it out...I legit even tipped...like do something?) - I went in to get my drink and again apologized for not knowing about the dog thing. I was met with ANOTHER passive aggressive comment "I heard you apologize the first 3 times..."

I won't be returning here.
Hey Philly: keep the boutique coffeeshop revolution up!

Hate Starbucks?  Disappointed with the decline of La Colombe's quality (like me)?  You finally have an option west of Broad worth checking out.

Brewing Kansas-based PT's Coffee and slinging espresso drinks on a  La Marzocco machine, this place is the real deal.  Add some beautiful wooden tables to the mix, and a nice selection of prepared sandwiches and salads.  

The space is small, but I'll most likely be coming here for coffee on the way to the office.  Welcome to the 'hood, Elixr!
If you need a specialty variety of coffee for your cup o' joe, look no further than Elixr. Every week yields exciting roasts from many different places, making it hard to choose just one sometimes. Flavor profiles are included on the menu to help inform your decision, too. The menus also feature daily pastries, including Dottie's donuts, and a couple of light sandwich options as well. The baristas are open and welcoming with their customers.

Free wifi means that lots of people come to work (in silence), and another thing that Elixr does well is to provide multiple seating areas for different vibes. There's cushy seating near the front for people who are feeling more social, and lots of individual little tables, plus one cafeteria-style table near the back. 

I really can't say enough nice things about Elixr and Iove that it's around the corner from the office. I've been a few times in the last couple of weeks alone (not to mention weekend trips from months past), and the line has always been pretty short, which is great if you can't stay (but really, why would you want to leave?).
This Elixr locations in a somewhat obscure alleyway that you'll have to pay attention to when finding. As someone who is recently getting into coffee, they take their stuff seriously here. I wanted to get some new beans, and what better way than to go to a local and check out some of the things they've got.

Wasn't disappointed. Perfect temperature, grind, technique, and water ratio in a chemex of their Juan Felipe roast. It's quite a bit more expensive of a cup than the starbucks down the street, but the people here are extremely knowledgeable and use only the best of everything. 

I'll be honest, I was dismissive of people who were really into coffee, talking about differences in taste and flavor profile, until I had some really good coffee recently. And the flavor profiles of this roast were amazing. Super bright taste of strawberry, and not too sour or bitter. Perfect extraction.

If you are wanting to buy the beans, they'll let you taste the coffee for free on the honor system, and I commend them for that. For those that are curious about if these beans really are worth more than double what you can get at your local costco, and there's nothing wrong with those don't get me wrong. But there is something special getting every single step of the process of making a cup of coffee as close to perfect as possible, putting that love and passion into what you do.
Five reasons why this is an excellent coffee shop:

1. Great coffee in many different styles
2. Huge space with plenty of seating
3. Friendly staff that will tell you riddles
4. Outlets and wi fi and good music
5. Open early and late
Oh hey Urban Outfitters I don't know you owned a cafe. Don't get me wrong the decor is well done but is trying too hard and for a spot that is so popular my experience here was terrible.
Yelp almost never steers you wrong especially when 400 other reviews have said so but this cafe was a disappointment. The menu is very limited and doesn't describe what is actually in the coffee. I de used to try a chai tea latte because who can really mess that up? Well turns out this place can. It had a much too strong chai masala taste which made it almost undrinkable. For $4/5 a drink I expected much more.
I also ordered a pastry with my drink and from a minimal selection I went with a scone. Ahh at last something to look forward to oh but I wouldn't know since the barista dropped what was the last one so I had to go with my second choice. The fruit tart I asked for next was average nothing to rave about but sadly the best part of my visit.
There is a lot of seating compared to most places but it's community tables. Students and other people who came their to work have sprawled their laptops and books and jackets while others squeeze in between hoping to get comfortable.
My friend ordered an African roast blend but absolutely hated it! She had to add a mountain of sugar to offset the bitterness.
Our afternoon ended with us going to Starbucks so that tells you something.
Hidden little gem. Love the atmosphere, great service and excellent chai latte. Reminds me of a nice hipsterish coffee spot. Like the drinks a lot more than colombe.
Not sure why you guys always leave 1/3rd of my cup empty when you have only one size and give me attitude for the overpriced coffee I always buy from you. I guess i'm not hip enough, all I wanted was coffee.
Not my favorite place. As soon as you walk in it feels like you accidentally walked into an urban outfitters. I just get the slightly pretentious trying too hard vibe. Everyone there was wearing skinny jeans and beanies. The line was long, the menu's weren't accessible until you got all the way to the front. Then you have to make a split second decision on artisan coffee you've never heard of before. 

I cracked under pressure and asked the barista for what his favorite was and he recommended the Ethiopian but he couldn't tell me why ("it's good if you like strong roasts" or "something different" etc etc. maybe that's just me, but if I ask for a recommendation I'd like to know why YOU like it and maybe i'll like it for the same reason.) 
My friend and I also ordered a cinnamon roll (very meh) and a scone. The barista accidentally dropped it on the floor and was apologetic but the downside is that there were no more. I don't blame the barista, accidents happen, the issue was that it seemed like there were only 3-5 pastries available for purchase. There are no extra's or back ups. She ended up getting a peach tart (also very meh)

The coffee. So you see it being all fancily dripped so you assume it's going to taste great- I am just not a fan. There was a weird sour-y aftertaste to the coffee and just not at all what I'm used to. Call me old fashioned but I just like a plain old dark roast without all the bells and whistles. It might look like an urban coffee shop but if you are looking for simplicity- this is not it.

Seating was troublesome- not because it was too busy- but because the have long tables and some people take up the entire side of the table with their laptops and notes, coats etc. and there's no polite way to be like "excuse me your crap is taking up a lot of space, I am literally sitting on my friend and you still won't move your stuff which means either you are inconsiderate or you are oblivious, either way I hate you."
What's more is that I ended up waiting a good long while for my coffee, and when I got it, it was lukewarm. For about 7 dollars total, it was super not worth it.

I think this might be a place for people who want to experience what it's like to be a hipster. For those of us who have been to ACTUAL hole-in-the-wall coffee shops, this is nothing in comparison.
Sitting in Elixr Coffee, writing about Elixr coffee is about as meta as Yelp gets.  

I loved my latte here.  I said "mm" out loud at first sip.  At $3.75, it's a total steal compared to NYC prices.  And it comes without the attitude you find in Brooklyn.  In fact, the guys here are quite nice (and adorable).  

Another love: free WiFi and outlets as far as the eye can see, discreetly lined up along the couches and by the tables.  This place, would it exist in Manhattan, would be an oasis -- the elusive trifecta of quality coffee, warm service, and thoughtful design.
I was looking for a place to hermit for the day, and this place turned out to be exactly what I wanted. It's tucked away in middle of Center City, but the cafe itself was pretty spacious. The BEST Chai latte I've ever had, free wifi, plenty of outlets, and seating variety made me a big fan. And it was actually warm! Do you know how difficult it is to find a sufficiently warm cafe these days?

The only two things I wasn't crazy about were the music could've been quieter and the lighting a bit brighter. Other than that, I am a big fan and will certainly be back in the future!
Ever have that experience traveling where you stumble upon someplace awesome and dream of going back to? Ever forget the key details (like its name) to relocate the place?
Lo' and Behold you can imagine my joy and wonder to have "rediscovered" Elixir 3+ years later. Elixir was and still is an amazing coffee shop, from ambiance, to offerings, if you want to be transported in Philly to somewhere else in a heartbeat that is cozy and easy to spend all day in (and enjoy coffee/food) come here! Just be aware that if you're looking for it, look for the discreet door, while the inside may be so unique and spirited, the outside is very quiet and can be easily missed (my friend who I convinced to come meet me there walked by it several times trying to find me).
Legit coffee and espresso. Baristas know how to pull espresso well and made me a solid cappuccino.  This place is down a small alley, so not easy to spot, but definitely worth it.
Hipstery coffee place hidden on a side street between 15/16 and walnut. Great roasted coffee, even for my coffee snob dad, and their chai blend must be made themselves because that was delicious too. Plenty of seating. Weird sliding bathroom door that doesn't shut all the way when you try to lock it.
Yeah those must have been early jitters or just an average day.

Elixr has definitely become my center city stop.  I still don't get here as much as I'd like (probably good for my overall health) but I have come to really appreciate this coffee shop.  The staff has been extremely friendly and helpful.  I really dig the design and well in my opinion, these guys are part of the reason there is an amazing coffee scene in philly.

Big ups to them.
A slice of Brooklyn in Rittenhouse Square complete with artsy wallpaper and expensive lattes. We needed to get out of the cold before our reservation at Vernick's and opted to wait it out here.

Though they're serious about their coffee, we didn't want to get all hopped up on caffeine at night. My friend got a matcha almond latte which she enjoyed. I did a rooibos tea which was great and presented very thoughtfully.

Seating can be a challenge as this spot is popular. Crowd is cool but not that much cooler than you. Big, clean bathroom at the front. Friendly staff. Winner!
I got the special Tahini drink. I forgot the name, but it tasted like multi-grain smoothie with espresso. It was very creamy and savory. I also had the Ethiopian pourover and that was also very fruity. 

The indoor seating is very minimal. Not many seats, but there was a good amount of people studying in there.
You know how when some people describe coffee, they rattle off a whole bunch of flavors that make you nod and go "oh, yeah, I'm definitely getting that hint of black currant" so you look cool but then you have to keep up the facade for your entire life, until one day you're on your deathbed and you're like "Jimmy, I never tasted the black currant - I've been living a lie" and no one shows up at your funeral because of the betrayal?

Well, let me tell you, casual reader, at Elixr Coffee Roasters you will get a hint of black currant (depends on the coffee) and then some!

I'm serious - some of the best coffee I've had in my life. Who knew a simple blonde roast pour-over could taste this good? It's so good, putting anything in it is like a slap in the face. Throw out the sugar, throw out the cream, keep the illegal drugs, just don't put them in the coffee.

I've had two coffees here and I'm confident in two things:

1. Enjoyment coffee is to be cherished.
2. Morning every day coffee is to be tolerated.
3. I can't count.
4. Maybe I'm just really bad at making coffee because even with the same beans, I probably couldn't make it come out a fourth as well as the folks at Elixr.

Go here. Get ANY pourover. Sip it, savor it, and ask yourself if you've ever had citrusy coffee that didn't involve a giant soap-dispenser style jug of "orange" syrup for your summer Dunkin' ice coffee.

Yeah, my nose is a little raised right now.
there's no denying it...elixr coffee is good.

i had a morning appointment in center city and had skipped my coffee from home. full disclosure: i am a coffee fiend. i almost never leave home without one, and usually have another one mid-afternoon. so by the time i left my appointment, i def needed one.

now...there are plenty of coffee options around but why would you settle for mediocre when you have the option of good? it was either joe or la colombe a few blocks away from where i was or this one right around the corner. that was a no brainer. 

i walked in thinking they wouldn't be busy because it was later in the morning. i was wrong. the place was buzzin. anyways, the line moved quickly and the baristas were super friendly. 

they have drip pour options, already brewed, espressos, pastries, etc. while i would normally opt for the chemex drip pour option, this morning i just wanted to grab a cup and head out. 

$2.25 for a small cup. don't forget another buck or two for tip ;)
FINALLYYY a matcha latte that I can taste actual matcha in. very cute coffee shop with a great millenially-oriented aesthetic decor and perfect for your coffee-snob friend menu. they also have baked goods which if I hadn't already gotten some from another bakery I would have tried.

lots of open space to do work, including a community table. it's pretty busy for a Wednesday afternoon, would come fully charged but there are outlets available near the community table if needed.
Yeah, you gotta check out this place. All types of action, this place is gold. And the coffee is really good. Also, they serve baked goods from this woman operated bakery (I can't remember the name, I asked a bunch of times), sorry woman operated bakery, I am terrible with names, yes, they are really good croissants and stuff. Also, a good assortment of coffee, and a cool retail space. The sitting space is cool also, I didn't come to work only to disturb those working. 

Watch out for parking meters expiring! They clock you to the second. I wonder what they do with all that parking violation money? They should give that money to all the homeless people. Can anyone do something about this?
I can't personally speak to the quality of the coffee because I could not get past the rude and abrasive attitude of the barista. While I was in line, I witnessed her have a nasty interaction with a customer in front of me, who merely asked her a question. I understand that in customer service, people have their off-days, however if that kind of uppity and condescending attitude is a regular occurrence at this establishment, I will never return. Im sure the coffee is good, but that is no way to treat your customers.
I've never been a huge coffee person.  I also don't usually go out for tea.  Yet, somehow in spite of both of these preferences, I find myself at Elixr more often than not when I'm in the city.

While Elixr is rather big, seating can be limited given the number of folks in at any given time. They offer free wifi and plenty of outlets for charging.  But seriously, I hope you aren't just coming for the space.  Their hand pours are excellent.  Yes, that coming from a self-identified non-coffee person.  Their teas, should you prefer, come in a great sharing pot.  They have selections of both coffee and tea which can balance nearly any mood (and all of mine).  Their foods are light bite treats.  I've indulged in a cookie or two during my time here.

Service is friendly (with a smile).  They take credit.  They don't give you a hard time if you are just sitting around waiting for someone.  I mean, there is NOTHING not to like about Elixr.  Stop in and if you see me, feel free to say hello.
Being from the SF area and with a cousin working in the coffee industry, my family is a self-proclaimed coffee snob unit. So of course, when we're in town for a family wedding, we all head over to the highly acclaimed elixr coffee shop. We all have different preferences and so we all ask the baristas for their recommendations. I personally do not like sour coffee or any "bright notes" so I get a recommendation from the barista and order. Guess what, SOUR COFFEE. Not even just sour coffee, it was REALLY sour. Very tangy, very sharp. NO BUENO. Know your coffee better, people!!! Or was she trolling me? No matter how much cream I put in, the sour note was just too much and even my husband, who doesn't mind sour coffee, did not like it.

Also, attitude of the baristas are BAD. We didn't even start ordering and I went up to someone to ask a question and she looks at me with a stern face and tells me she's not the one taking orders. I wasn't ordering and sorry, does answering a question while stacking cups require too much multitasking power? Or you couldn't politely ask me to wait a minute while you finish with your menial task? Another incident happened when we all got our coffee except for my mom, who was waiting on her decaf. It was another 10 minutes, so around a total of 30 minutes, when she went up to ask about her drink. The barista condescendingly tells her that decaf takes a lot longer. Lol, it takes 20 minutes longer than regular coffee? My coffee "expert" cousin was embarrassed and sad with the experience we had at Elixr.

Oh well, not recommending it to any Philly visitors.
Elixr coffee is good. I've been here a few times and always get their espresso drinks. The blend they use is slightly fruitier than La Colombe so you won't find that nuttiness that's in their Nizza. They do chemex pour overs for brewed coffee. Expect to wait a few minutes since they don't get you out the door as fast as La Colombe or similar coffee chains. The decor is nice, seating can get limited when they're crowded and noisy. Enjoy looking at their terrariums while you're waiting for your beverage of choice.
Summary: The best cold brew I've ever had great chocolatey flavor. Cool vibe with lots of people hanging out working. No shortage of power plugs. Has pastry and sand which offerings as well.

Single origin ice coffee- so smooth not bitter at all! Super strong as cold brew should be and has a nice chocolate tone to it.

Iced Matcha latte- real matcha flavor but not super strong since there's quite a bit of milk in it. Ok but wouldn't get it again

Almond croissant - sooo flaky and the almond paste inside is perfect not too sweet definitely a must get!

Pretty busy on a Saturday afternoon around 2 pm and a bit loud with people catching up and talking. Lots of people doing work or reading the paper casually so it's seating areas are definitely taken up quickly
I travel A LOT! That's literally my job! and I have such a hard time finding good coffee that's even close to how good it is on the west coast! 

But this! This coffee revived me and just gave me life. Has to be one of the best coffees I've had on the East coast. They don't even have much syrup flavors, that honestly says A LOT! Because it's still amazing!
Shouldn't all coffee shops offer different types of coffee? I mean, really. You don't go to a shoe store and just order "shoes" and be given the same old burnt whatever as the next guy. The thing is... with so many different mediocre-blah cafes on every corner of this city, I often forget that they're supposed to offer options! Until a stellar cafe' like Elixr shows me what I've been missing....


Only at Elixr do I never have to put cream or sugar in the coffee and I don't have to get lattes with sugary syrup. This is a big deal. This means their coffee/espresso on its own is phenomenal. I kind of feel like adding anything to it might just ruin it here..

The first time I went there was the best, because one of the coffee guys (forget his name but has red hair) was incredibly knowledgeable about everything and how different brewing systems create slightly different tastes and he offered me some samples of the different kinds they have. I was so happy with how great everything was that when out of state friends came for a visit recently, Elixr was on the list of the must go-tos.

It's a small space on a busy street and I've seen them get a little overwhelmed and confused when there's a long line but I've never been ultimately unsatisfied.
Today I will be acting as the Paul Offit to Yelp's Jenny McCarthy, and calling false profits on Elixr Coffee.

Yes there are communal tables. No, the benches for these communal tables are not comfortable. They feel like you're sitting on a giant slab of hard wood. It's pretty wood, but that really doesn't matter...especially when it's hard and it makes your bottom bones hurt. 

The coffee selection is like 10 items long, which is fine - I admire espresso places that specialize in a select few brewed concoctions. And the tea is tasty - try mixing camomile and peppermint.

But the real kicker to the experience is that you enter Elixr smelling like a normal human who showers. That nice neutral smell you work so hard to maintain throughout the day? Yeah, it's gone as soon as you leave. You will smell like coffee shop - like somebody took a spray bottle of wood and old espresso and showered you in it. Not pleasant...not especially when you plan on going to a bar afterwards and picking up men.
This has been on my list for ages so when I was in the area, I made it a point to come here. It's not small, quite a large space, but doesn't have a lot of seating, so if it gets busy, you might be out of luck. But thankfully it was relatively quiet when I got there and I snagged a table by the window. It was also nice and quiet so I can see people being able to get a lot of work done there. I ordered a latte--the only alternative milk available that day was oat milk, which I don't usually choose because it has a lot of added sugar comparatively, but it made for a good latte. I also ordered the granola yogurt, which surprisingly had raisins in it. I would have preferred fresh fruit and less granola, but it was still tasty. I enjoyed my early morning breakfast here.
Elixr is (in my opinion) the best coffee house in Phila! It's on the little side street right in center city. It's kind of dark inside and super cozy. There is a cool, underground, speakeasy type vibe here. There is a big couch area plus lots of table tops and high chair seating at the windows. 

They've got a bunch of different coffees, ethically and sustainably sourced. The teas here all come from fresh leaves, herbs and spices. No pre- bagged teas. They also have a small food menu with mostly locally sourced food options. 

It's usually pretty full in here. But, during the day there is a big crowd that comes with computers to work. It can get somewhat social, there is definitely a community of regulars here but you can also get work done if that's what you need.
My favorite stop in my coffee shop tour of Philadelphia. It's in an alleyway but wasn't really hard to find: there's a sign out front and tables on the sidewalk. I sat here and worked for a couple hours. I was there from 12-2 and there were open seats the whole time.
I got a matcha latte with oat milk (they don't have almond milk) and it was somehow creamy and had latte art! I also ordered a hummus eggplant baguette. It was kind of messy and hard to eat but it tasted good.
Great coffee. Nowhere to sit. 

A message to the elixr laptopites: If you come here with the intention to do work, order 1 coffee, and take up an entire table with your laptop and notes for 2 hours, you're doing elixr a disservice. The place is small and if there's nowhere to sit, then I (and likely others) will probably go elsewhere without ordering anything.
This is my favorite artisanal coffee shop in Philadelphia. AND it's in my old hood so I didn't even have to walk past Broad street to get good coffee. Plus they have awesome slate tiling, marble countertops, vintage wood, and nice COMMUNAL (not picnic!) tables made by the Amish.

Elixr brews Kansas' PTs - lovely espresso blends, wonderful single-origin hand-pours, all with a great variety of flavor profiles. Like bright coffees with hints of citrus? Or chocolate-y, nutty, caramel-y? They definitely have em. They are more than happy to answer any questions, so don't be shy if you are new to the coffee world.

Baristi are totally awesome/handsome/friendly. My favorites, just to name a few - Evan (the really really ridiculously good looking owner) + Blake (ask him to speak Arkansas) + Charley (he can make some mean spro!), etc. They take care in making your drinks and if you aren't happy with it (within good reason), they will not hesitate to remake it for you. 

Prices are extremely reasonable for an artisanal/specialty coffee shop. I'm sick of hearing people complain about the prices of coffee. We all need to be more educated on what goes on at coffee farms, the fact that they are DIRECT trade, and that everything is of the highest quality. Coffee is a commodity like oil/gas, prices rise, most specialty coffee shops do not change the price of their drinks despite increasing prices of coffee. So yes, I'd be more than happy to spend $3-$4 (don't forget to tip!) for some good stuff. 

Also, they carry Au Fournil (O-foor-knee) pastries - closest thing I've had to real French pastries in Philly. My favorites are the almond, cream cheese danish, and pain au chocolat.

Elixr is a great place to relax, slow down, and get a mean cup of coffee. If you want something quick and fast, but poorly made, skip this place and go to Starbucks around the corner.

I luv Elixr!
Freshly roasted coffee kicks butt.

My wife, who encourages my caffeine habit, found this place during a trip to Philly.  So, rather than my current favorite, La Columbe, I gave this place a try.

That was a good move because Elixr rocks.  I had a latte, my usual.  It had a bright flavor, complex subtleties, and a formed a perfect balance on my palate.  They roast all their own beans, marking them by date, and also offer Chemex pour-overs.  Maybe I'll try that next time.

Otherwise, it looks like a normal corporate coffeehouse, not a hipster place, except for the metal sliding door to the bathroom.

Who cares about that.  Try their COFFEE!!!
It's a cool space. Kinda dark and not too many spots to sit. But overall it was a good experience. 

I'd recommend this place to meet someone for coffee as opposed to studying or working from here. It gets kind of crowded and loud sometimes.
This is a trendy coffee shop somewhat hidden behind chipotle! I came here on a Saturday morning expecting it to be super packed but to my surprise, there was a decent amount of seating available. Although I didn't come here to work, this will become my go to coffee shop when I do since there are plenty of outlets scattered around the cafe and lots of natural light. I ordered a latte and a chocolate donut to stay. The latte was delicious but the doughnut was average ( probably because I'm spoiled by bielers's bakery). Overall, very solid cafe!
Fantastic coffee shop! So... vibe is nice and relaxed... non pretentious. People are super friendly and clearly love working here. Music is hipster... not pop40.. an added plus! Oh... and the coffee? Woohoo the coffee is FANTASTIC! Great baristas here folks... they care about the drinks. Good stuff!

So the question is... why... why on earth do I pass by like 4 Starbucks with people buying stuff in them. Who are these people? I get how most people just want sugar and when Starbucks-like places just put lots of fake sugar in low grade coffee (well... some is actually re-hydrated coffee) they will like it. But... imagine the taste when real sugar is added to good coffee.. like in here at a real coffee shop. An you actually pay less here... imagine the possibilities. Hello world... are you listening? Helloooo (echo echo)
I'm not a big coffee guy, but I heard Elixr's coffee was good enough that even non-coffee drinkers should give it a try.  The concept is that their coffee is of a higher quality, so it doesn't need a bunch of sweeteners and flavor shots added to make it taste good.  It's best served black, or in a latte style, and I think they're right.  I had a cappucino with an Au Fournil almond croissant this morning and both were delicious.  I think it's priced right (everything right around $3).  The space is simple with a few nice touches (roaring fireplace on a flat screen TV!) and the location is convenient.  I think they should offer some more food options as the cooler was looking a little bare, but I'll give them a pass for being in their first week!  Service was excellent.  Free wi-fi.  Will definitely be back.
Stopped in last night and had an excellent experience! 
First off, the design of the place is really fantastic. The shop has a lot of style, interesting architecture, and it's modern while maintaining a cozy feeling that I look for in a coffee shop. 
The coffee was magnificent and I really enjoyed the variety of roasts that they offer. I also overheard one of the baristas serving another customer and he was apologizing because he didn't make the drink good enough and had to start over again. I was so impressed by this because he was invested in the customer having the best experience possible and didn't settle for serving an inferior product. A real gem in between Cosi, Starbucks, and cart coffee available in the immediate area. I'll definitely be back!
I haven't used my Yelp account because I forgot the password and haven't felt inspired enough to go through the password recovery process ... until now.

Elixr is one of the only coffee places I go to when I'm in Philadelphia and the coffee beans (BeeKeeper Espresso) I brought back from my last trip were almost transcendental. Sure, the caffeine was probably the main culprit of that, but the rich flavor I've been getting from these beans has been enough to make me give my morning latte a standing ovation. 

I usually only roast my own coffee beans, not because I'm a snob (I am a little bit), but because it's just the most cost-effective way to have high-quality great tasting fresh coffee for cheap (the price of ground Folgers cheap). Buying beans from coffee shops almost never feels worth it.

However, Elixr is one of the exceptions. Their roasts make mine look like child's play and it was well worth the money spent. I think I enjoyed these beans more than Intelligentsia's Black Cat Espresso blend (my last favorite).

As far as their coffee shop is concerned, the music is fabulous, the place is deceptively spacious, their Wifi is lightening fast, and the staff is always nice and engaging. The baristas are all really well-trained and the last lattes I bought had my gf and I smiling the whole walk home (we take a 48 minute walk to center city just for Elixr).

If you're from Philadelphia and haven't been to Elixr, please get on it already and take your friends.

Take care, Go Eagles!
What a wonderful and cute coffee shop!  Great ambiance here - very welcoming and comfy but also trendy and hipster. The decor is beautiful as well. Great place to go if you want to study, catch up with a friend or to just reflect on life.  It was not noisy or too busy when I came on a Saturday afternoon.

I had to order the pour over coffee (there's not many places in Jersey that I can get it) and barista was very helpful in letting me smell the beans to choose what flavor I liked best. They all smelled wonderful but I went with the Las Laja from Costa Rica (Strawberry, Hibiscus, Caramel & Plum).  It was delicious and bursting with flavor! You know coffee is good when you don't need to add dairy. The hand poured over coffee isn't cheap (about $4-$4.50) but it is quality (much better than paying for burnt coffee at Starbucks or watered down coffee at Dunkin Donuts). Highly recommend this place - the staff is amazing. I can't wait to come back. Oh and there's free WiFi here :)
Very nice staff, that likes what they're doing. I got the Ethiopian blend coffee, which was naturally semi-sweet without added sugar. Very smooth and tasted like quality brewery. Nice space inside as well, very roomy. Could be easy to miss this place because it's on a side alley street.
Mediocre coffee, slow service. Seems like the baristas serve their friends first even if you arrived and ordered before them. Not to mentions he got my order wrong. I ordered a latte and a dirty chai and received a poorly made latte and regular chai.

The bulk of the good reviews here are most likely due to the hipster atmosphere and setup. I admit it was nice inside, but just based on the quality of coffee, service, and treatment as a "non-regular" I give it one star.
Deducting one star because there are 3 large steps inside that make it not stiller or wheelchair accessible.  Brooklyn hipster vibe but more space than most Brooklyn coffee shops. Friendly staff, quick service.
Ellixr definitely takes the cake for possibly the best cafe in Philadelphia. When you walk in, you're greeted with a spacious, rustic setting with enough outlets for everyone. Their baristas are so professional and kind, I've never had a single problem with one and they definitely know what they're doing!

I'm fairly picky about my coffees because I was a barista for quite some time. Not only is their pourover coffee bold without being bitter, their cappuccinos are always on point (a huge determining factor for how good a cafe's coffee is) with strong espresso and foam that is almost creamy, but to top it off...their sandwiches are out of this world. A bit pricey, but definitely worth it if you're like me and spend hours here studying.
I've come to Elixer a bunch a times and I always leave happy. I'm not a coffee drinker, but When I come with friends they love it! I really enjoy their selection of tea and the presentation when they serve it to you. 

Aside from the good drinks and pastries, you'll enjoy the atmosphere. Not a great place for a work meeting, but a great place to catch up with a few friends or get some reading done. They also have free wifi so I took advantage of that and got some work done. 

Every time I go I don't feel cool enough to be there, but I think it rubs off and I feel cool walking out. :-)

I'll be back for more tea very soon. You should definitely check this place out, it won't dissapoint.
Elixr Coffee Roasters is tucked away on S. Sydenham Street (between 15th and 16th Street) and Walnut Street. I love the decor of the store and it gives off very moody vibes. But unfortunately it's only open for takeout. There are a few tables set up outside. You can either order online or place an order and pay on a tablet they have set up near the door. You pick up your order on a table inside and there's plenty of hand sanitizer available. They're currently only accepting credit/debit cards!

Elixr has two seasonal drinks available for the holidays: Butterscotch Pink Peppercorn Latte and Minty Mocha. I ordered a regular Latte ($4.25) and the taste of the espresso wasn't as strong as I wanted it to be, but I liked the amount of milk it had. The only milk alternative they have is oat milk. The prices are on the higher side but fair considering it's in the city. 

TLDR: Very aesthetic cafe that's perfect for any coffee snob-- although they're only open for takeout right now.
I never imagined that my first coffee shop review on Yelp would be for a place that I didn't even know existed less than a week ago...and I'm kind of wishing it hadn't been...

I discovered Elixr while reading a recent article by Craig LaBan on the best coffee shops in Philadelphia. I don't want to say I'm a coffee elitist, but I definitely pride myself on recognizing a decent cup of Joe. That's why I was so surprised that this place had flown under my radar for quite some time.

My friend and I decided to stop here after a de-lic-ious lunch at Good Dog Bar just across the street (check out my review!). When ordering coffee, I typically steer toward cafe au lait's, but I decided this time to go for the highly recommended pour over, using their Guatemalan roast. Now, while I understand that a pour over is as much a science as it is an art, I was disappointed when the barista preparing my drink completely botched her first attempt (how hard can it be to weigh coffee beans? Especially when you have a chart and scale in front of you...).

I think this is the perfect opportunity to mention that while perusing other reviews, prior to my visit, I'd read that the baristas here can sometimes come off as a tad bit rude: preoccupying themselves in conversation, whether it be with each other or with friends in the shop. I'd hoped this wouldn't be the case during our visit -- there's nothing worse than that arrogant, pretentious attitude you sometime encounter at high-brow coffee shops -- sadly, I must now join the ranks of the disgruntled.

My friend, who'd ordered a cappuccino, stood patiently with me at the counter waiting for her order. While my barista was hard at work preparing her second attempt at my pour over, I noticed the other barista, deep in meaningless conversation with his buddy (who was standing directly next to us in line), was haphazardly preparing my friend's drink. Once done, and without skipping a beat, the barista put the drink on the counter (in front of his friend), continued his conversation, and made no acknowledgement that her drink was ready. Only because I'd been paying attention to what he was doing did I realize that the drink he'd made was indeed hers.

I informed her that it was her drink, and sent her off in search of seats, which are limited, due largely to the fact that much of the space is occupied by communal tables. A concept which in theory is a great idea, but in practice means one or two people spreading their things across half the table.

Another 5 minutes and I was finally able to join my friend and enjoy my long awaited coffee. While the wait was a bit long, it was definitely worth it, seeing as my pour over was delicious. Just the right temperature, low acidity, with subtle notes of grapes and berries. My friend also really enjoyed her cappuccino, though when I tasted it, it was a little weak; both on taste and temperature.

All in all, Elixr's a decent place to grab a decent cup of coffee. I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to try it out; however, if you find yourself in this part of town with a bit of time and patience on your hands, by all means check it out.
Cool place. It seems everyone is doing chemex coffee these days in center city, so can't say this place is that unique anymore, but good coffee and chill spot. Nice options including African and South American beans.
I've become somewhat of a coffee snob and I blame Elixr. The first thing I learned was there is no need to add dairy products to coffee when the coffee tastes this good by itself. It'd be like adding water to a fine whiskey or bourbon. The pour-over process takes a bit of time, but so does enjoying each sip of the result. 

So save this spot for when you have the time to properly enjoy everything about it, including the ambiance and communal bench seating area which will automatically make you a new friend or two. There are a ton of power plugs under that bench, but I find myself avoiding getting the laptop out if I can when I'm here.

Since the coffee is such a treat, and such artistry goes into brewing it, their prices are a tad higher than you'll find elsewhere which makes this more of a luxury spot for me rather than daily routine.
This place is amazing. Great coffee. I personally recommend the cold brew it's smooth and crisp taste. Coffee is perfectly roasted not too bitter. Also got a morning bun that was pretty lit. It had pecans in it and I love pecans. 

It was hard to get a table to do work at but once I did the WiFi and space was great. Definitely coming back here to waste another Saturday doing work.
Great Coffee!!! But make sure you bring your Macbook, PC's are definitely frowned upon.
Elixr is a unique, cozy coffee shop located in Center City which will truly surprise your taste buds. Although tucked away in an alley, it allows you to escape the hustle and bustle of Center City. From excellent and informative baristas who are there to help find you a beverage that will enlighten both your mind and taste buds to the relaxed environment to enjoy all of the amazing locally sourced pastries, this is one of my favorite coffee shops to visit. 

The only downside to this location of the coffee shop is that it can get quite packed on the weekends during tourist season so I highly recommend grabbing your beverage to go and taking advantage of Rittenhouse Square park two blocks away.
I don't get to walk around center city much during the week.  When I do, I try to make it like a vacation.  On vacation, I walk around and drink coffee and beer all day.  Elixr was on my list.

Nice space, albeit a bit small when you walk in.  We hit just about the time that all the kids from U-Arts or wherever where mobbing all the tables with their expensive Apple laptops.  That's fine we were taking to go.

I ordered their Costa Rican pour-over.  This was a really tasty coffee.  It look some time because I think the guys behind the counter were a bit overwhelmed and because of the brewing method.  Also, they were unsure whether we paid or not which is hopefully not something they repeat with other customers.  It could affect their profitability.

I really liked their 4 group La Marzocco.  I had a dream about redesigning my kitchen just to accommodate it.  Then I woke up.  Anyhoo, I will be returning for some espresso.  Details to follow..
I love this place. Great coffee, great food, wonderful look/feel, and fabulous staff.

The only problem is the seating. I don't know what time the studying crowd gets there. Maybe they line up outside waiting for the place to open, but I've never been able to sit down in a way that isn't super awkward.
for those of you who haven't discovered this place and need a bathroom to use while out and about in center city...find it!  the bathroom door is DIRECTLY across from the entrance, so no need to pretend to buy a cup of coffee if you have to go.  

...only negative is there were no more paper towels when i went in there with my sister, but she had no problem picking up a used one off of the floor.
I am not a coffee person, but when I do choose to drink it, I search for something a space-time continuum better than Starbucks coffee. It's hard to find a good cup unless in the city.

Elixr has its niche clientele where it has a ton of coffee & tea options that are welcomed in a very hip, tech-friendly environment with an intentionally distressed interior; I suppose if Chipotle were a café, this might just be it.

I had the cold brewed coffee due to my interest in getting the best in flavor without getting jittered by something as compact as espresso. The chemex funnel device is used for this method, of course. 

I started sipping right away to get the gist of the drink before the iced melted any more. The resulting flavor was not bitter, nutty, sweet....but definitely weak, what a drag. With the amount of ice the barista put in the drink (and for what you pay for the drink itself), it simply needed to be stronger, especially when the ice dilutes in order to balance it out. Don't get me wrong, their cold brew is nice..but the full body flavor just wasn't there and seemed watered down. And I'm not even a coffee drinker, so I know weak vs. strong coffee when I taste it.

Elixr coffee might appeal to the coffee drinker who enjoys a lighter brew, as another Yelper stated. But in my opinion you need at least a slightly stronger coffee in order to bring out the best flavors. If that suits you, there's La Colombe two blocks away.
Nice organic coffee shop.  They got a good menu of a variety of pours for low prices.  Cold brews are only 3 bucks!!!  The place is located on side street so sitting outside isnt noisy at all.  I really love this spot and will be coming back.  Think better than Starbucks at a much lower cost.
Pros: 
-spacious with small and large tables to study on, or chat on the couches with some friends. 
-their chai was mediocre, too much foam. 
-they have outlets accessible everywhere
-their bathroom is...interesting. 
-their service is cool
-cool decor around the place, so when you zone out or are procrastinating on that homework, you have nice places for your eyes to check out in the room. 

Cons: 
-it gets so busy that sometimes you'll walk in and realize there is no place for you to sit, so you then leave. It happens.
What a cozy and cool place to get warm on a cold day. Very reasonable prices for delicious high quality Teas and coffees and great presentation. Tons of outlets all around the variety of seating areas and great staff. 
And they laughed when I requested a design in my cappuccino :)
I love you, elixir.

I love you for the way you look. All rustic and sexy. 

I love you for your hand poured coffee. It is so delicious and served at the RIGHT temperature - not piping hot, not luke-warm. Just perfect.

Most of all, I love you for being there for me when I just need to get away from work. 


You make any other coffee sellers around look bad. So awesome.
Oh Philly...whenever I start to feel comfortable and content in Denver, I visit you and see how much higher your bar is set.

Elixr is as hipster as any Denver cafe, but somehow better. Their coffee is excellent. We had two amazing pourovers.

The pastries from Machine Shop are so good I could cry. How is it that every place in this city has mind-blowing pastries?

The decor is warm, hip, and fun. Exposed brick, lots of what appears to be reclaimed wood, and a rustic DIY feel. The staff are effortlessly hip in slouchy sweaters and knit caps. But they didn't seem put out by my uncool presence. 

If you plan to stay a while, there are approximate 100 outlets available (that's just an eyeball estimate).

From the murals outside and in to the cool pattern on the floor, this place is an Instagrammer's dream.
