My boyfriend and I went to Entree for dinner recently. Reservations for the weekend are a good idea; we saw several people get turned away. Most of the restaurant was reserved for a larger party that fortunately came in at the tail end of our meal. We were seated up front by the window. There wasn't a whole lot of room between tables. Also, it was quite chilly with the front door constantly opening and closing - wear something warm just in case!

Our server was nice but maybe a little inexperienced. Silverware was not replaced between courses; it was taken from our plates and placed back on the table. One of our dishes was swept away with a few bites left though we weren't asked if we were finished. 

That said, the food was pretty good. We shared the wedge salad, mussels and calamari to start. The wedge was fine, the dressing was nice. The mussels were really good - I really loved the broth and the bread served under the pile of mussels sopped up that broth really nicely without getting too soggy, somehow. The calamari was a little overcooked but still tasty. 

My main dish was broccoli rabe ravioli served in marsala cream sauce. The ravioli were topped with a mix of artichokes, olives and other tasty bits that I can't remember. The flavors were unexpected and unique but I really liked the dish. My boyfriend had a bite and was not a fan. He seemed happy with his steak, though. 

We skipped dessert but there were a few options. I'd be willing to check out Entree again sometime.
I had picked 3 spots to hit up for Restaurant week and per a recommendation, Entree BYOB made that list. This restaurant was my absolute favorite of the three.

Tiny dining room, but with fun and eccentric decor. Some of the tables are really close, but you know what, you're so enthralled by the food, who cares.

The cheese plate was beyond my wildest imagination. Every single piece of food on that plate was fantastic. I loved the vino rosso so much I've gone out and bought some for home, being my new favorite cheese. Dip a little of it in the honey, it's a home run. The fried chevre with a bite of fresh strawberries..get out of here! I don't like dates, but I apparently LOVE dates stuffed with Gorgonzola wrapped in prosciutto though! 

That seared Duck is still on my mind. It was cooked perfectly, juicy inside, crispy skin. The hash that the duck sat on top of didn't look so pretty..purple sweet potato, acorn & butternut squash.. but it definitely tasted great.The cherry port demi was a classic and wonderful sauce pairing for that duck.

How I was physically was able to eat anymore after all that, I just had to push through. Seriously, don't say no to the Fried Oreos. TWO huge dough balls, fried up perfectly with some delicious french vanilla ice cream.. my friends almost had to roll me out the door.

Hands down, loved this restaurant and excited to come back and eat everything else.
On a Wednesday night around 8 PM we were in need of dinner and walked down South Street to explore our options. We settled on Entree because they appeared to have the most availability (outside!!!) and we were seated immediately without a reservation.

Entree is an adorable little Italian BYOB spot on South Street with great service and delicious menu options. There are daily specials that will make your mouth water just hearing about them. You can order a la carte, or from their Pre Fixe menu which has $40 and $50 entree options. You can choose from any of the starters and any of the desserts, it is your entree selection that determines the price point.

My friend and I went for the Pre Fixe menu option. To start, we had the Prosciutto Wrapped Dates and Wedge Salad. I am still thinking about both of those dishes. The dates were perfection, salty and sweet is truly always a winning combination. The wedge salad was well portioned and featured sliced grapes which were the perfect contrast for the creamy dressing. I loved the light flavor of the dressing. I have never enjoyed a wedge salad so much in my life!

For our mains, I had the Chicken Saltimbocca and my friend had the NY Strip. They warned us when we were seated that they had run out of mushrooms, which was perfect for me because I do not love them and would have asked if they could make mine without them - it was meant to be! The chicken had two pieces of thinly sliced breast which is my preferred way to eat chicken. The mashed potatoes were perfection and the asparagus was amazing too. I especially loved the sauce with my dish. I also tried my friend's steak and it was delicious with a different, but similarly delicious sauce.

When we had first been seated, we noticed another table order Affogato for dessert. We couldn't resist getting two orders so we could each have our own. Did the espresso keep me up later than I wanted that night? Yes. Was it worth it? Absolutely. It was SO good.

I am planning a return visit this weekend because I cannot stop thinking about how delicious this meal was. What are you doing reading this review? Plan your trip to Entree ASAP.
OMG you guuyyssss can we talk about how awesome Entree is?! 

I've come here on several occasions with a big, rowdy group and Entree has been stellar, every time. The service is perfect, we're never rushed, and the food is excellent. On one occasion they were running late and we had to wait a bit for our table, but they brought us wine glasses and we killed time at the bar tables just outside the restaurant, pre-gaming our dinner. Don't mind if we do :-) 

PROS: 
- Reservations on Opentable 
- Prosciutto-wrapped dates 
- Small, diverse non-overwhelming menu 

CONS:
- N/A 

Also, them fried oreos tho...
Great little neighborhood sort of Italian themed byob right here.  Our party of four came early on a Thursday night, continuing our epic quest to find Philly's best byob's.  Dragons?  Please.  Gryphons?  For wimps.  Real adventure seekers go after that most elusive of all thrills, the ultimate byob.

Well Entree comes close.  Offering both prix fixe as well as a la carte options, Entree gave us a good sampling of their fare.  Our table enjoyed the fried calamari, caesar salad, and arugola salad.  The calamari was crisp and served with a spicy mayo, and my caesar salad hit the spot.  

Our entrees included the seared tuna, duck breast, and a veal cutlet with a small lobster tail served with a rose sauce.  Everyone enjoyed their meals; my veal dish was just what this weary adventurer needed to continue my sometimes quixotic quest.  

By 7, the place was packed.  Service was great, but parking down on South St. can be a bit of a quest all it's own.  Also, the place can be very noisy; one particularly obnoxious group had that most feared by all dining adventurers....the loud, laugh-at-anything 30 something woman that made me wish for earplugs.  Overall though, a fun evening at a good little byob.
I finally made it to Entree, after I've heard many good things about it. 
And oh my goodness! Our experience exceeded any expectations, after a divine meal celebrating my friend Colleen's birthday. 
I was able to reserve a table for six easily during Restaurant Week, and we went there right after work. Entree has a very cozy ambient that complements the creative yet, simple dishes. 
- Wild shrimp Dragon style: Good, very good.
- Poussin: fantastic.
- Affogato: Just get it.

A big shoutout to our awesome waitress Kim for her flawless service.
Four and Half Yelps.
Restaurant Week Review: GO!

Restaurant Week(s) are undeniably my favorite time to explore Philly's food scene. I do extensive research via Yelp to figure out the best options for the $35 dinner offerings. I scour menus, search reviews, and decide where I can get the most bang for my buck. Entrée did not disappoint.

First of all, since its BYO, you're not shelling out extra dough on drinks. No uncorking fees. I happily sipped my water and wine, and there was no surprise when the bill came. (It's never fun to see how much your drinks can add to your total!)

I loved the variety in the RW Menu, and based on other reviews, I knew my order before I even stepped food inside: Cheese Plate for appetizer, Hanger Steak for my entrée, and Fried Oreos for dessert. The dessert was a no brainer - two huge, hot Fried Oreos with a healthy serving of cold vanilla ice cream - I'd go back to Entrée just for their dessert. The Hanger Steak was cooked perfectly as requested, and incredibly tender. The sauces were mouthwatering. The Cheese Plate left a little more to be desired, but it was the perfect amount of food for a one-person starter. The prosciutto-wrapped, cheese-stuffed date was the highlight of the plate. Additionally, each table is treated to a bottomless bread basket- be careful, because it's delicious and hard to stop eating. I left Entrée so uncomfortably full, I could barely walk - but it was all worth it. 

The space is smaller than I expected, and when we sat down at 5:45pm, it was perfectly quiet and empty. However, it filled rapidly as the time passed and it got increasingly louder. There are options for outdoor seating, but it's literally just tables on the front sidewalk. Unless the weather was PERFECT, I would opt to sit inside. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable, and the evening was delightfully unrushed. 

TLDR: would come back - get the fried Oreos!
My sincerest apologies to anyone who was at Entrée Saturday night and witnessed the debauchery that was my friend's Bachelorette party.  

The Entree staff (and our awesome server Matt) treated us with patience and kindness that we definitely didn't deserve. Thanks Matt! We had a large table at the back and we did not feel rushed or that the staff was annoyed even though I know we were extremely loud and obnoxious and closed the place down. They even brought us an array of glasses so we could polish off an entire bottle of Fireball. So classy, I know.  

The Entrée menu is separated into 2 different 3 course set menu options ($40 and $50) and an a la carte section.  Basically if you want an appetizer and an entrée it makes sense to get the $40 tasting and get a free dessert. The $50 option has some higher quality items like the lobster tempura. 

I opted for the $40 option and had the arugula salad with grapefruit (a little heavy on the grapefruit but very refreshing), the duck breast (delicious), and the Nutella canolli (good but the fried oreos were better-do not miss these,  they are amazing). I tried a bit of almost everyone's food and the tuna was really really delicious-highly recommend.  The short ribs were also great. The ravioli was just ok. The cheese plate was also a great first course and a good size portion. It came with a fried brie that was absolutely delicious. 

I know a few of the girls did the $40 menu, a few did the $50, and with tax and tip (included since we were a larger party) and covering the Bachelorette the bill was only $50 each. Great value for all the food we got and how long we stayed there!

TBH I've walked by this place a million times and never had it high on my list because it never shows up on the blogs or the instas or the best lists and I'm basically a giant snob, but I suggested it for proximity and obvious (read: byob) reasons and was very pleasantly surprised! So if you want to be rowdy af, BYOB, enjoy a great meal,  great service,  and have a loud group,  know that Entrée can handle it and won't judge you. Really what more could you want in a restaurant?
Wow what a great meal and wonderful service.  We never felt rushed but had plenty of time to enjoy our meal. Time to get to a show.  We enjoyed the prix fire meal and felt it was a really good value.  My wife had the duck and I had the scallops puttanesca.  Dessert included a Nutella filled  canolli and fried pumpkin Oreo cookies with vanilla ice cream.
Came here with my family for a nice meal and we were all very happy! It was great to be able to BYOB and the wait staff were all very nice and friendly in helping to open bottles. A few of us opted for the pre-fixe menu so we could share some apps and desserts, and a few ordered just entrees, which is great that you have the option to do so.

All the food we had was great. The calamari appetizer was really good and I enjoyed my salad as well. I ordered one of the specials for the day, the trout, and liked all the flavors. Overall, all the food and service were great. Would definitely recommend for a nice dinner!
The food was wonderful, the service was terrible. 

When walking in, the first waiter pointed to our table and immediately started talking to the couple behind us. He didn't bother seating us. It took us about 10 minutes to get water, 20 minutes for them to finally open our wine, and they never bothered to ask to chill our white, even though there were plenty of other tables getting the full treatment. We finally got bread when we ordered after being there for 40 minutes, and after that service was status quo. 

The food was great, not terribly unique, but there are plenty of other restaurants in the city where I actually feel like they want me there so I see no reason to come back here.
It may be reservation only, a very popular place. Size is small. BYOB style then no bar or alcohol served inside. Dishes are very pretty looking. Serving size is perfect. I loved the background music inside, just the right tempo and right volume. Given that was a date night, service is about right, no interrupting but still being taken care of. The meal flowed perfectly. On the other hand, if you came just for food, you may complain about the service speed. I ordered swordfish with crab meat, which is a daily special. I loved it. Swordfish is reddish and crispy on the outside, juicy and flavorful on the inside, with just the right amount of sautéed mix vegetable, a little bit sweet flavor sauce and my favorite crabmeat. What is notable is the dessert. Creme brûlée is the second best I've ever had ( the best one was in DC); limoncello cake is served with right berries, perfect mango and berry sauce and whipped cream. Overall, I loved my experience here.
First off, the food is excellent. Had two great dinners here and was so impressed that I booked Entree for my wife's graduation dinner. 

Unfortunately, it is a small restaurant and best for small groups - they don't handle big groups well at all. We made our reservation almost a month before the date for a party of 12 at 7:30 pm. When I called earlier that day to ask if it was possible to come in at 7PM instead, they said no because another group of 12 which had originally reserved for 5PM was now coming in at 6:30 PM. The timing seemed tight, but okay..

We arrived at 7:30 PM for our reservation and of course the previous 12-top was still there, enjoying their own dinner. At 8:05, with hungry relatives who had flown in from all over the country still waiting to be seated, we decided to cut our losses and go next door to Miles Table instead. 

To top it all off, I got an email from Opentable the next day saying that we "missed" our reservation.

It's a shame that the reservation management here is so careless, because the kitchen really does great work and I would have loved to treat my family to the great food.
First time visiting this fine restaurant. First thing is to reserve . The space is small and intimate if not a bit close between some tables. The waitress we had was fun perky and genuinely knowledgeable and properly opinionated.  We had two of the price fixed meals and two of our party just had entrees. This way we got apps to share and desserts  to share. Calamari  is so overdone that we hesitated to order. Do not pass there version up. Fabulous with balsamic overtones . The shrimp was also great. Entrees were all fantastic. Each of us had something different, duck squid ink pasta,seared tuna, scallops. Desserts equally excellent. Pack up some wine and go here. The chef came out and chatted with us for awhile. A truly enjoyable experince.
4.5 stars would be perfect, but 5 does make more sense than 4.

I booked a table for 8 at 8:45. When we got there then weren't ready for us and, since it's a small restaurant, we had to wait outside for about 10 minutes, which wasn't great.

Once seated we had a great, detailed explanation of the menu and the specials. They served us some bread, which was tasty (it had rosemary in it, I believe), but not the freshest. Something to go with the bread would also be good - at least a good butter. 

Most of us went for the $40 prefix menu, which has some fantastic options. I had the wedge salad, the duck breast (picture) and the fudge cake. All really good, especially the duck breast, perfectly cooked, simply delicious.

Our favorites were the fried calamari (starter), the duck breast, the scallops and the octopus (main dishes, the octopus as part of the $50 prefix menu) and the limoncello cake.

Service was fantastic. It was particularly impressive how quick they were always to spot when we didn't have an open bottle of wine.

Overall a great experience. I'll definitely come back to Entree.
This is one of those places where a 3.5 star rating would really be handy!  It's not a 3 but not quite a 4 either!

The staff is very friendly and the room itself is very nice and as with most Philly restaurants, on the loud side but not ridiculously so.

For appetizer's, the Fried Calamari was as very good as it was different from others that I've had.  The cheese plate offered 3 varieties and was also very good.  There were 3 of us and the entrees we had, in order from our least favorite to the best were the: Crab-encrusted Swordfish, whose flavor was somewhat overwhelmed by the sides and the Kalamata olive-butter sauce. Having said that, my companions loved my roasted Brussels sprouts! The next entrée was a very good Soft Shell Crab and Skate combination. The winner of the night was the Seared Scallops with Sautéed Pumpkin, which was really delicious.   

For dessert we shared the Fried Oreos and Limoncello Cake, both being good to very good.

The approximate bill per person, with tip, was a very affordable $52.00.  I will not be in any particular rush to return but will keep checking reviews for a future visit.
I got take out here during corona. They have an awesome deal! 3 courses for $30 and they do not skimp on the serving sizes. We had plenty of delicious leftovers. The best part is the fried Oreos so I'm so glad we were able to get takeout during this time!!


I came here for my birthday with my family. It's a small restaurant so make a reservation. You don't feel like your sitting on top of the people next to you which is nice. They have an a la carte menu and a $40 and $50 prefix menu. A few people ordered off the prefix menu so we got some apps and desserts. 

I have the frutti di mare which was delicious. There was a ton of seafood on it and was super filling. I got the grilled hearts of romane for an app, it was good but nothing special. For dessert I have the flourless chocolate cake, it was so filling you could only have a few bites. You MUST get the fried Oreos. They were delicious, I would probably come back just for dessert. 

Kim was an amazing waitress! She was very attentive and friendly. My dad is obsessed with iced tea so she made him his own person pitcher of it for the table. She was very good
Entree was on my list of "must check out" for the past few months so when I saw their RW menu, I made a reservation quickly & rounded up two girl friends who love to eat good food. I highly recommend making a reservation in this place because it's super tight in terms of space.
Our server was nice but he seemed very stressed out - he had a hard time squeezing into the tight spaces which I think could have been better organized. For half of the evening he had to reach over our table to hand the other couple their food since they were stuck in the corner and we were right next to another table and could not move. They gotta be smarter with their space!
Food wise it was everything I hoped for.
We got the wedge, which had these grape tomatoes, walnuts, & crispy priscuitto but it was drowned in gorgonzola dressing so you couldn't really taste anything beyond the creamy dressing.
The calamari was fantastic - crispy/crunchy & tasty with the balsamic reduction drizzled on top , peppers layered on and the siracha aioli to dip it with. Also the baby arugula salad which had pieces of grapefruit and lemon evoo which was refreshing.
Now, the ENTREES.
MY FAVORITE was the seared duck breast - WOW it's probably one of the best ducks I've had and I've had a lot of ducks (big peking duck lover  here). It was just on the medium rare side so it was perfectly juicy and moist, with a delicious sear on the skin. Let's not forget the yummy potatoes & carrots..all in the dried cherry port-demi. Sweet, savory, all in one!
The pan seared scallops were perfect, but the winner of that dish was the butternut squash hash - my friend couldn't stop raving about it. For the third entree we had their special of the evening: shrimp&mussels in puttanesca with squid ink pasta - made by them. delicious!!
We ended the evening with fried oreos, the lemoncello cake & affogato. The affogato was average, lemoncello cake was surprisingly better and lighter than expected & the fried oreos blew my mind. I was a skeptic about the fried oreos, but now I"m won over!

If it were not for the cramped space and the overstressed waiter (who was hard to flag down and unfortunately spilled water on my bags and thus my new clothes were stained), they would be getting 5 stars!
I'm somewhere between 3 and 4 starts on Entree, but the differing pre fixe menus and some (IMHO) overpriced offers prevent it from being a real star.

My wife and I were taking my sister out for a celebration and decided Entree would be the perfect spot to enjoy a pleasant meal with a younger person who otherwise doesn't get to indulge in the Philly restaurant scene like us.  And so, upon recommendation, we picked Entree BYOB.  We enjoyed it and a few menu items stood out, but the Entrees were perhaps acceptable and limit it from becoming a star.

After some discussion, it was agreed that we would share appetizers so we each could try a little.  That was a great decision.  Entree features an a la carte menu which is almost designed to push you into a pre fixe alternative, which was fine, but really rachets up the price of dinner quickly.  Still, the results were enjoyable, even with lackluster entrees.  

Pros:

The appetizers were exceptional.  Especially the rich proscuitto-wrapped dates which were very heavy, but truly something to enjoy.  The fried calamari was average but enjoyable (hand-breaded, with some delicious sauces) and the wild shrimp dragon style were a sweet fried shrimp which was all enjoyed.  

The Fried Oreos are just exceptional - how could they not be?  People have raved about them for a while, but it turns out frying an oreo is pretty hard to fuck up and is delicious.  Entree makes no exception here and I would recommend over almost any dessert.  

Cons:

The restaurant was weirdly empty.  I definitely didn't find it cramped because of the lack of people. I admit, we went slightly early, with a 6pm dinner time (I guess?) on Saturday, but they seemed somewhat lacking for patrons on a summer weekend (perhaps not that unusual in Philadelphia).  

My wife had the veal which she found to be mediocre.  It was enjoyable and she finished it up, but found it lacking a distinct flavor different from a traditional Italian offering anywhere in the City.  

I had the seared duck breast which was pleasant and acceptable, but again not distinct.  The dried cherry port demi was a nice addition to the potatoes and added a sweet flavor to an otherwise bland, but well-cooked dish.  

My wife and sister both had the creme brulee which was a mess.  The alleged crisp sugar top was not fresh (or nonexistent?) and the entire dish was cold (something I could make at home at this point).  It felt like these were an afterthought brought out of the fridge a little too late.  Go for something else (fried oreos, duh).

Service was fine if slightly odd with the lack of business.  Servers were attentive and food and water came quickly, but I found them a bit hovering with little to do.  I can't blame anyone for this, but it felt odd.  Dare I say, overstaffed on this day?

Conclusion:  Entree isn't a unique addition, but a solid stand-by in the BYO scene.  Prices are a bit higher than I would have liked, but it doesn't seem like many disappointing things exist.  It's better than some other BYO places that try too hard and do too little, but Entree also doesn't stand out from it's peers.
This was my first visit and I came here on my birthday.  I chose this spot as it is a well-reviewed place with a very good reputation.  My visit was a bit different as it was also Restaurant Week so I am not sure how this menu differs from their regular selection.  The dishes could be larger on the regular menu but I could not say as this was my only time here so this review pertains to my experience and the quality of the food during RW.

It was a 3-course menu.  

My first course was the dragon-style shrimp - large butterfly shrimp that was fried and presented with a sweet and sour mango sauce.  Tasty and savory!

Second course was amazing.  This was the seared scallops with arugula salad and creamed corn.  The salad was so good that I actually preferred this to the scallops themselves.  This was an amazing dish but was also very small.  I finished this in 10 minutes --and I made every effort to take my time.  I was still hungry after this so I was satisfied but not satiated.  

Any hunger that was remaining was quenched with the 3rd course dessert -- flourless chocolate cake.  This was the black hole of cakes -- it was so dense that it took more time to eat than the first two courses combined.  This is typical of flourless cake and was quite delicious.  

The interior of the place is small.  The tables for two were small and the remaining ones were against the walls and so my date and I chose to sit outside.  The weather was great, the sidewalks not so much.  Due to no fault of the business, the sidewalks are at an angle.  This became problematic when out glasses had water in them as they would literally slide off the table.  We had to stick a menu under them for traction.

I was very impressed with the quality and taste of the food.  
This venue presented an amazing experience but the main entree was quite small.  If there was a Burger King close by that would have been my next stop...  Again, this is a RW menu and so I cannot compare to the typical experience.

Overall, small dishes but fantastic quality.
I wasn't on my game. If anyone else would have chosen what I ordered, I'd have asked, "why'd you get that?!"  (It was the half roast chicken. Yawn.)

If you go for one of the two prix fixe options, know that price -- either $40 or $50 -- is based on the entrée.  Appetizers and desserts are inter-changeable --a plus for those who appreciate flexibility.  One can also order a la carte.

So I started with the arugula salad.  If I hadn't had squid the night before, that would've been my choice. It looked good.  But the arugula hit the spot!  As did my husband's wedge.  I thoroughly enjoyed my daughter's prosciutto wrapped dates.  She found them secondary to a Hugh Atcheson restaurant we go to in Georgia ... but I thought they were actually better.  Not heavy, as some yelpers claimed.

The best entrée of the evening was my girl's steak.  I think it was tenderloin.  The picture I took and didn't post, was unappealing -- hey, I'm no photographer -- but the beef was tender, flavorful and cooked perfectly.  Haddock was okay, sort of ho hum.  (I noticed my husband  eyeing the daughter's steak.)  Someone at the neighboring table ordered sea scallops.  Dammit!  Why didn't I get those?

For dessert, we shared a trio of sweets.  The winner, hands down, were the oreos.  Even the accompanying ice cream -- is it homemade? -- was excellent.

Note that on Saturday night, the restaurant was packed. And noisy.  Reservations strongly suggested.  And don't forget to bring your wine.  BYOB, with no corkage fee.  Woowee!!!
Extremely friendly and organized service!

The food was pretty good, but my friends who ordered the bruschetta weren't as happy because the olives were crushed and couldn't be separated from the bread (though that might just be a thing to look out for if you don't like olives). Came here for restaurant week with a group of 8 people, and they were able to fit us pretty well although the store is not super big. Worth wise I think it's okay - wouldn't say it's life changing but also would come here again with a friend if it was close by.
Came here with my girlfriends for restaurant week and so glad we braved the weather to get here. Especially since we got zero inches of snow. Thanks, John Bolaris. In any event, we came bundled and ready for a great meal and we got exactly that.  This is a super small place, so reservations are necessary (only about 12-14 tables in the entire place) and the tables are close together, so prepare to snuggle up with your neighbor.

For starters I had the calamari which was fried & very tastey- a nice portion. I also tried the argula salad and the wrapped dates which also delivered a lot of flavor and were great starters.  

Our server suggested the Tuna and NY strip, so we made sure those were ordered. The steak was fantastic and seasoned perfectly.  Served on top of mashed potatos with asparagas and delish sauteed onions.  So great.  I tried my friends tuna which was also perfection.  

Dessert I had the fried Oreos which were seriously the bomb.  Do people still say things are the bomb? Well these are.  The Nutella cannolis were the highlight for my other two friends who really enjoyed them.  

BYOB and they take plastic.  Super duper.
I used to love this place, but had such a terrible experience here on Sunday night that we got up and left before we even ordered. I came with my wife and sister to celebrate my sister's birthday. We had all been there several times before the pandemic and always enjoyed the service and meals. Our reservation was at 8:15 pm. We waited until after 8:30 pm to be seated. We had to remind the servers that we were waiting so someone could clean a table, which was empty for a while. We finally got seated in the outdoor section and waited another 15 minutes for someone to greet us.  The final straw for us was being approached by the rudest and unkind waiter I have experienced in Philly. He barely said hello before rudely asking what we wanted to order. We asked him if there were any specials. He literally said "sold out."  My sister then asked if it was possible if she and my pregnant wife could either split a fixed three course menu or order a la carte since neither would be able to eat their own three courses. He said "no" in such a rude way. We explained that it wasn't about money, but that it would be too much food. He said "absolutely not." Then he said "I'll be back," and just disappeared. I understand if the rules cant be changed (which is kind of stupid though, and just bad service), but he could have been far more professional about it. Since the server was beyond horrendous, we decided to leave. We went to Pumpkin a few blocks down where we were lucky to get a table and had a far superior meal for the same price. It is a shame to see this place take such a dive. I will not be back.
I'm so glad I came here for restaurant week last night. We made reservations and didn't let the snow stop us from Nutella cannolis. Our waitress was cool and made great recommendations. She said the tuna and NY strip dishes are the best so we went with that. The NY strip was a very nice size piece of meat and was cooked perfectly along with the asparagus and mashed potatos that it came with. My friend's tuna was one of the best I've ever had. I enjoyed all of our starters and we had the calamari, arugula salad and the wrapped dates. I liked that the calamari wasn't overly fried as most places do. The food was phenomenal. The fried oreos and Nutella cannolis were amazing. I normally don't order dessert but when I return I must order the Nutella cannoli again- all the pastries are made by the restaurant and the cannoli is my new favorite in the city.

They take credit cards and are byob.

My only gripe is that the tables are too close together and I could barely fit in my seat with the table behind us so close. So I have to take off one star for that because it stinks to be uncomfortable with where you're sitting and they pack the tables rather rightly since it's a small place.
My friends and I had an amazing dinner at Entree last night. It was restaurant week, so it was a prix fixe for $35 (20% gratuity automatically added to bill) - you each get one starter, entree and dessert.

For starters- my friend got the cheese plate with two cheeses, a prosciutto wrapped date, and a piece of crusty bread. She loved it but said she wish she got more bread. My other friend got the tempura shrimp with mango scotch bonnet glaze. I had a taste and wow!! Texture was amazing, and the glaze was perfectly sweet with a kick that comes on unexpectedly. I ordered the Caesar salad and it was creamy, unctuous, with little hidden crouton gems. Everything I want in a Caesar salad.

For entrees- we all ordered the hangar steak with herb butter, asparagus and mashed potato. We were all dancing in our chairs from how good it was. The herb butter really took me there.

For desserts- I got the fried Oreos: pillowy and chocolatey dough clouds offset with a perfect scoop of vanilla ice cream. My friends got the affogato and limoncello cake. The limoncello cake had a very pronounced citrus flavor that rivaled a key lime pie in its tartness.

Regarding Covid- they had outdoor seating, both in open air on the sidewalk and in a shed type structure on the street. The indoor space is small, but the tables are spaced out (more than usual in these small restaurants) and the front of the restaurant is made of doors that were opened completely, so I felt comfortable with the air circulation. The waitress we had was lovely and wore a mask the whole time. This was my first sit down meal indoors since the pandemic and I am excited to start visiting more great restaurants like Entree.
I've very much enjoyed my two visits to Entree. I would suggest making a reservation (check out Open Table) as the restaurant is very small and fills up quickly.

At Entree, you can order items individually or take advantage of their prix fixe menus. There are both $40 and $50 "prix fixe" menus with delicious choices of appetizers, main courses and a dessert. The $40 is absolutely the best bang-for-your-buck in my opinion.

For apps, we ordered the prosciutto wrapped dates (from $50 menu), the wedge salad and fried calamari (both from $40 menu). All yummy. The dates were very rich so in hindsight we probably we not reorder as an app. I got the seared scallops (6 total) in a sweet corn hash which was truly delicious ($40 menu). My dinner mates ordered the Brick Chicken ($40 menu) and the Halibut special ($50 menu), which they both enjoyed.

Since the restaurant is small, some of the tables feel like they are on top of each other. I had someone leaning into my back the entire dinner and unfortunately there was no where to move our table. Fun atmosphere but very tight squeeze!

Great option for a BYOB. If you're into the "prix fixe" option, it's nice to come and know exactly how much you'll be spending.
I was on my way down the lower numbers of South Street last night (a Friday) on a first date. There was an accident on Broad St. so traffic was backed up some. Both of us were hungry as hell...Waiting at a light before 16th she has glanced over and saw this place.. She said "i wonder if this place is good?" I said "google it" lol..she did and saw some good reviews. I told her if we found a spot we should try it. Whattaya know found a spot before 17th and walked up.. Grabbed a six pack on the way at some bar..

Walked in and this place was jumping at 9:30.. Didnt think we were gonna get a seat but a spot opened up and someone seated us. While we were waiting briefly the waiter took our beer and asked if we wanted one while we wait which I thought was nice. 

The menu had some hard decisions.. We ordered the dragon shrimp appetizer It was sweet and spicy very tasty.. I couldn't decide on my main entree, so I just went with the N.Y strip with mash potatoes and asparagus.. WHAT A GOOD CHOICE! Lol! It was all jazzed up with some fancy sauce on top..I was a lil skeptical when it came but WOW! It was cooked to perfection and the sauce made the steak that much better! Intense flavor but not overwhelming.. Mash potatoes were delicious.. My date ordered the Chicken dish she said it was amazing.. I didn't bother trying it because I was so wrapped up into this steak.. We were both stuffed after but had to try the fried Oreos. Not even gonna get into that but Delicious .. Place was winding down at this time and the Chef (Kevin) came out and asked how everything was.. Ive never witnessed this but a real class act.. Our server Dean was extremely informative, polite, and on top of everything we needed. The best.

Overall I had a great experience here..Im definitely coming back again and going to order the surf and turf. Im happy I stopped to try this place!
I visited here at about 7pm on Tuesday, October 23rd with a party of two. This is a small BYOB in the heart of the west side of South Street.  It is a small and cozy restaurant.   We had a reservation and were seated promptly.

You have two options, regular menu or pre-fixe menu.  We reviewed both very carefully and couldn't resist the pre-fixe.  We went with the $40 Pre-Fixe (There was also a $50 option).   My picks were the Baby Arugula salad, Crab Encrusted Wild Monk and the Fried Oreos.  

Everything was served at an appropriate time and every bite that I had was full of flavor and absolutely delicious!  This is the type of restaurant that I would return to time and time again.   So many great sounding menu items that I would love to try in the future.
Atmosphere - A very nice quality BYOB. Not too casual, not too fancy. Perfect for what we were looking for. 

Service - Perfect. As good as it gets. Made reservations, they asked our name and we were seated right away. I also like how they open your wine bottle (you'll see if you go). 

Food - I like the option of pre-fixe or a la carte. 

Awesome calamari. I'm a big fan. One of the best I've had.

Seared duck breast cooked perfectly with great sauce. 

Broccoli Rabe Ravioli. You can taste that it's made with fresh pasta and the sauce is pretty amazing. I don't even like ravioli but I enjoyed the wife's ravioli more than the duck (ironically, she said she liked mine more than her so it's probably just a preference thing).

Affogato dessert. My wife's favorite of the evening. Ice cream with some fruit with a shot of espresso. Such a creative and wonderful dish.

Drinks - BYOB

Overall - A great evening out. Expect to spend around $40-45ish per person, maybe more, but everything was wonderful and you get what you pay for. 

Points for: A wonderful evening out. 
No points: If I was being nitpicky, I'd say that they stuck us in a corner and I had to find a way to maneuver out to go to the bathroom or leave because my chair was up against the wall. I eventually had to push the table itself out to get out. This could happen anywhere, though, and it was just the luck of the draw for us.
One of the best BYOBs in grad hospital. Everything the have is spectacular. Aside from their standard menu they offer two prix fix menus. 

Wedge salad is out of this world. The dressing has a balsamic taste that really cuts through the cheese. It has grapes that add the perfect of sweetness. I order it every time. 

Calamari is so different with the squid ink. Tastes delicious and not at all  overpowering. 

If you do the prix fix and don't like dessert, they can exchange it for a side. You won't need it though, entree portions are huge. 

End your night with some fried Oreos.
Food: 3.5 stars
Ambience - 1 star
Service - 1 star

Came here for CCD restaurant week and was totally disappointed by the entire experience. Food was decent but the service was horrendous, which seems to be consistent with all the poor experiences other Yelp reviewers had posted here. Without dwelling into all the details, the restaurant had mixed up our dinner reservation, and did not have the table for our party size upon our arrival.  They finally managed to pull a table for us in an extremely tight space due to the small size of the restaurant. Yet giving us the attitude that we should feel lucky that we even have a table. It was shocking to witness such unprofessionalism, as if the whole establishment did not realize that they are in the hospitality industry, rather than serving in a soup kitchen.

There are so many restaurants in Philly with great food and attentive service that dealing with this team of surly staff here is not worth it.
As good as I remember

We hosted some foodie friends from the suburbs Saturday evening. They didn't have big demands, just good food.

Entree delivered. Service was great. We sat down and had our wine opened right away. We all ordered from one of their two pre fix menus ($40 or $50).

The calamari is as good as I remember it but the duck that I got really blew me away. Duck is one of the hardest dishes to get right, I think, and entree did a fantastic job. Cooked perfectly and not too gamey as our guests described. Dessert was also fantastic.

Five stars all around.
Lovely small BYOB on South Street! The atmosphere is perfect for an intimate dining experience without feeling like you are dining on top of strangers, but it could be hard to get a table for a large group. We had a reservation for a table for three for restaurant week and even then we had to wait 20 more minutes to be seated. We decided to share everything we got for restaurant week with the table so I feel like I sampled their entire menu. First up my favorite appetizer was the fried calamari - they were fried to perfection and actually tasted fresh (not like cardboard which some places offer). The baby arugula salad was the second runner up, it was light and refreshing but a little bland at the same time. It would have been better if it came with some additional fruit/vegetable. My favorite entrée was the grilled prime Angus steak glazed with red wine which came with mashed potatoes, asparagus and red onion. It was so juicy and melted in your mouth. The steak was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection. My favorite dessert was the fried oreos. They were so sweet and delicious and perfect way to end the meal. However, I was a little disappointed with the Nutella cannoli dessert. Somehow it tasted really flavorless and bland. Overall my experience was really good and will be back!
I've taken a while to think about the dinner experience I had here before writing a review. I live right around the corner from Entree, and am very excited to have a new BYO in the area that serves good food, so I didn't want to jump to writing a scathing review until my emotions had settled a little. And now that that's happened, here it goes [warning: this will be very long]:

I went to dinner at Entree on a Saturday night at the end of October. My friends and I (only a group of 3) made a reservation a week in advance for 7:30 and were excited to try the place out. We arrived about 5 minutes early to find the place pretty busy, but at least three 4-tops were free. We waited for way too long for someone to approach us (super awkward as there is NOWHERE to stand to wait, which I hated. It was quite cold outside and we stood literally next to a group of diners while waiting to be greeted. Really uncomfortable).

We were told that a large party was coming in soon, and the empty tables we reserved for them. Our table would be free shortly. The women who spoke to us wasn't friendly and actually quite curt, which I didn't understand. We proceeded to stand (stand!) for another 15 minutes, again awkwardly cramping people trying to enjoy their meals. I surveyed the room and could tell no groups were even served their checks yet. Keep in mind, we're now 15 minutes after our reservation, 30% of the restaurant is empty but waiting for a large group, and nobody has spoken to us since telling us it'd be a few minutes. No offer to open our wine, or show us the menu, or apologize. Nothing.

Then someone told us we could sit at a table, that wasn't ours, until our table freed up. Again, no offer to provide us with anything - menu, opening our wine, glasses of water...nothing.

Finally, 30 minutes after our reservation time we were seated. Again, no apology. I was boggled at how terrible the service had been up to that point. We were seated in a back table that kept getting knocked by the side door (not a bathroom door, some storage room or something). The waitress who had greeted us continued to be beyond rude, taking 15 minutes (more!) to give us menus and when we asked about the drink mixes that we read about on Yelp looked angry and confused and said in a huff, "not sure what you're talking about. we've had some changes since we opened and our website hasn't been updated."

Over an hour after our initial reservation we were finally asked what we'd like to order. The waiter who took our order was friendly and attentive, though still no apologies. Nobody opening our wine bottle, nobody bringing water, nothing. Reallllllly frustrating and confusing.

Around 8:30 (when we placed our order) the famous "large party" arrived. It ended up being nearly 30 people in a tiny restaurant with other diners, who were loud and clearly there for a birthday of some sort. Nothing wrong with that, but this wasn't the place for it. There were so many of them that it should've been an entire rented out place. The servers had to bring out outdoor chairs, folding chairs, etc. to accommodate them. And guess what?? They seemed to fantastic service! Really sad that the decision by the staff was to treat single groups like absolute crud and treat a huge party like rockstars.

Here's the thing - once the food finally arrived, it was DELICIOUS. Really, really, really, really good. I got a light fish (forgot, sorry) with this fantastically amazing creamed corn side and my friends shared the steak entree and I believe a chop of some kind. All three dishes were superb. We weren't offered dessert (see this trend of horrendous service??) and were pretty rushed out, which was ironic given that nobody else was waiting to be seated and we'd been so slowly given food and a meal. Food alone forbids me from giving a 1 star rating.

I want to go back and give it another try. I hope to have an updated review soon that's 4 or 5 stars, to outweigh this one. For what it's worth, I'd say more like a 2.25 star place. Food was a 5 (though I wanted dessert!) and service was a whopping 0. Everything else (ambience, etc.) was probably a 3.5.

I want to think this was a veryyyy off night for Entree, and the food was so good I very well may return. But it's not the cheapest BYO (most entrees are $22-$30) and it's not the prettiest (minimal decor, not the best tables/chairs/etc., cramped beyond belief). And while I understand restaurants having growing pains, at least say sorry! I wasn't even looking for food to be comped or discounted, I just wanted someone to realize and acknowledge how horrific our service and treatment had been. Oh, did I mention it was my birthday dinner?
Damn, I missed the first review!!! Oh well, maybe next time.

Anyways, my girlfriend and I heard about the opening of Entree a week or two ago and we both live less than 2 blocks away so we figured we would try it.

Atmosphere was decent. Simple, open dining area with a view into the kichen and several pieces of artwork on the walls. The art didnt entirely mesh together but I am going to blame that on being opening day. Maybe they are displaying local artists?

As for the food, we got two appetizers and an entree. I know, I know, what am I, on a diet? But thats just the way things worked out. We each started off with a salad. I had a fairly standard wedge with gorgonzola dressing, prosciutto, plum tomatos, candied walnuts, and grapes. The grapes and walnuts were a nice touch but it was fairly average. My gf had the beet salad the previous poster took a picture of which she seemed to like but was not overwhelmed.

The entree, though, was what sold us. It was grilled Italian sausage over pasta in a marsala cream sauce, with mushrooms, artichokes, and sun-dried tomatoes added for good measure. I love anything marsala and this was decidedly exceptional. Pasta was cooked perfectly, and the char on the sausage was a nice contrast to the mellow flavors of the marsala and the tenderness of the pasta.

At the end of the dinner, we were talking to our waitress and apparently the soft opening was the day before and they only had half the menu so I think they did pretty well with the increase in the menu size in a single day. Plus she told me that they plan to at dessert and specials in the coming  weeks so we shall see!

Now the reason I am giving the four stars with only 1 of 3 plates wowing me is because it was the first day and the entree was that good. In addition, with a bit of time, I think they can become a staple in the burgeoning South Street West dining scene if they make the right moves.
Recently got to try this restaurant for my friend's birthday dinner and this is now my favorite byob restaurant thus far.  First, our waitress was fantastic (I think her name was Kim) throughout the dinner including the process of seating us.  There are options of $40 and $50 prefix 3 course meals as well as the option to order a la carte.  I decided to do a la carte because lobster tail was not on the prefix meal while my group decided on the prefix meals.  
I started with the lobster tail tempura which was very good, lightly battered without overcooking the lobster.  For my meal, I had the seared duck breast, just delicious with enough sauce and sauté vegetables and potatoes.  4 people out of the whole table ordered steak and preparation of the steak ranged from medium, well, to medium well.  Each person got their steak prepared correctly, which is rare in some cases, so plus 1 on that.  Of note is the fried oreos which is pretty much a donut with Oreos inside along with french vanilla ice cream; highly recommended to end your meal.  The Nutella cannoli was disappointing because the filling was kind of grainy and not smooth, I'm not a fan of cannoli anyway.  The wedge (a salad with lettuce, tomatoes, blue cheese, and prosciutto) had a little too much dressing on there, could tone it down a little.
Only complaint about the night is probably the lack of air conditioning.  I can normally tolerate heat but it was humid outside and the lack of AC does not help without being able to open the giant doors due to humidity.  It was just uncomfortably sweaty, especially being right next to the kitchen.  I'll decide to go back during fall.
I made a reservation for 4 on Open Table at 6:15 on a Saturday night. I was the first to arrive and the rest of the group arrived and were seated by 6:30. When I arrived the restaurant was dead.. so much so that TWO servers spent ~10 minutes making a foil holder for my wine cork. 

The restaurant offers two 3 course menu options that come with an appetizer, entree, and dessert- one for $40 and one for $50. They had multiple specials that night which could be added as one of the courses. One person in our party decided to do the 3 course meal and the other 3 a la carte. It was nice that we didn't all have to choose one or the other. 

For appetizers, we shared the prosciutto wrapped dates and the mini mozzarella ball special.  Both were mediocre. 

I had the agnolotti pasta with artichokes for my entree. It was supposed to have a red pepper and smoked Gouda cream sauce but the red sauce was over powered by the green pesto that wasn't even listed on the menu. My friends enjoyed the lobster tail and filet/lobster cheesesteak special. 

For dessert, we ordered the fried Oreos to share. We were still eating dessert when our server came over to deliver the check and tell us that there was another reservation waiting for the table (around 8 pm). We paid the bill and continued to eat our dessert when a different server came over and rudely told us that another table was waiting and we had to wrap it up since we arrived 30 minutes late (which wasn't true). We were not sitting around lollygagging.. we were literally still eating our meal. 

Feeling completely unwelcome at this point.. two of my friends got up and went outside to wait for the Uber. I decided to stay at the table while the other used the restroom. While I was alone at the table, another person (not sure if it was a chef/manager/server) came over and told me there was no rush to leave. I left him know that the damage had already been done and we had another engagement anyway. We had 8:30 tickets and were planning to leave as soon as we finished dessert. They rushed us out only to get the table 10 minutes sooner. 

Needless to say, none of us will return here after the way we were treated.
I have tried Entrée BYOB twice during restaurant week and both times didn't disappoint. The first time we started with the dragon shrimp, which is tempura style and just melt in your mouth delicious. Surprisingly on my second visit the Caesar salad was my favorite appetizer. The dressing was so good. I was actually super underwhelmed by the cheese plate, minus the brie it was a total waste. For my first visit I ordered the scallops as my entrée and they were so succulent and amazing. I love it. The second time I had the salmon or trout or some times of fish I cant even recall because I ended up half of my friends chicken dish. I just remember saying the fish was good, but it was a small portion and I didn't like the side. Surprisingly the chicken was AMAZING, we shared it and still couldn't' finish it was such a large piece.. Oreo beignets are the only way to go for dessert. I have tried the cannoli but it just doesn't hold a candle to those fried Oreos. I always enjoy the service, but the small intimate setting does get noisy fast. I would definitely recommend and will be coming back.
Came here for restaurant week with friends and the food options and service was amazing, a wide variety of options and normal sized portions. Was very impressed!! Will definitely come again outside of restaurant week :)
Had very pleasant evening at Entree BYOB. I saw great reviews about this place and finally decided to give a shot. 6 of us got a big table near entrance. It was small restaurant so that was only table can accommodate big group. 
We sat promptly and ordered $50 pre fix. It was great deal. We got all different dishes. Lobster tempura, cheese plate, prosciutto wrapped date. 
I got cheese plate. They serve 5 different kind cheese I think. I liked blue cheese and fried goat cheese the most. It came with peanut brittle, pear slice, arugula and some bread. It was huge for appetizer and was great choice. 
I didn't taste other friend's dishes but everyone enjoyed theirs. 

I got seared tuna and scallop with ink pasta for main dish. The pasta sauce was eggplant and tomato based and it was delicious! And spicy!!!! Scallop was good size and perfectly cooked. I liked scallop more than tuna. Pasta had very strong garlic flavor so I couldn't taste  seared tuna very well since I started eating pasta first. But overall very satisfying dish.

For dessert, got lemon mascarpone cheese cake. Yum yum yum. And also their fried Oreo... Was very good choice as others said. 
The portion was huge and price was awesome too. Really enjoyed it. Place was small and we sat in front of entrance and people kept coming in so it got cold while dining. Except that it was fantastic restaurant.
The food here is awesome!  I know, I was shocked too.  Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from this tiny restaurant with the not so clever name.

To start, my friend and I shared the fried calamari with peppadew peppers and a balsamic vinaigrette. The calamari was so flavorful and crunchy and the peppers were a great compliment.  I also go the seared tuna which was perfectly cooked on a bed of creamy corn and spinach with a blackberry cider glaze.  

The only downfall- the menu is on a chalkboard and the lighting of the restaurant wasn't very good so I had trouble reading the board.  Perhaps they need a spotlight right on the board.  

The chef was super nice and came out to ask us how we were doing and the service was lovely.  I will definitely be back with all my friends!
PROS: Solid food, decent portions
CONS: Small space

I wasn't blown away by any of the dishes, but everything was pretty good, including the fried calamari appetizer (perfectly crispy though a tad salty) and the limoncello cake --- which tasted a whole lot like limoncello (a good thing) and was quite fluffy and moist. 

One of the members of our party sent back a steak because it was well-done and under-seasoned instead of medium as he had ordered. The staff was very polite and promptly replaced his unappealing steak with the version he had expected. 

Overall, our experience was pleasant. Worthy of visiting if you are in the area.
I had to update my review to 5 stars! This is my favorite BYOB in philly. This place is seriously amazing. It is small but extremely cozy. The staff is always helpful and friendly. I usually want to change some things around because I can be picky and they are always so accommodating. My favorite dish at the moment is crab encrusted monk fish that comes with Brussels sprouts and cauliflower. They have also rep fix menus taht are $40 or $50 depending on the choices. It includes an appetizer, entree and dessert. (Try the fried oreos!). What is nice is that the whole table does not need to do the prefix is one person wants it.  They go the extra mile. They take opentable reservations. No corkage fee. They always have a ton of specials! Check it out, you will not be disappointed!!




Have to say this place has wonderful service! It was a Thursday, me and my friends had off the next day for a holiday and didn't get there until like 10. That's when they close, at first they said they couldn't serve us and I understood. But they came out after us and let us sit. We quickly ordered. I had the tuna. It was delicious. Friends had scallops that looked wonderful as well. Dessert was awesome- we had a deep fried Oreo. Byob. Recommend it. It's also close to bob & barbaras so makes for a great dinner spot prior to.
Came here for restaurant week and was not disappointed! Best part of the meal was the house made squid ink pasta and surprisingly the fried Oreos! ;)
Why isn't Entree more well-known? Amazing food, vibrant location, affordable prices, and BYOB to top it all off! Definitely one of my new favorites in Philadelphia.

I'm just going to get my one complaint out of the way: the service. No one greeted us at the door, but we came at 6:30 on a Thursday, so only one other table was taken. They eventually saw us come in and seated us. The waiters could be a lot nicer, more patient, and more accommodating... but the food more than made up for it.

I had Entree's ribeye, and it was probably the best [affordable] steak I've had in Philly! Ribeye is my favorite cut of steak, and it was juicy and tender, as it should be. 12 ounces for only $26 is such a steal in this city, too! My friends got the fried calamari (looks different, tastes better) and duck (tasty as well), and loved it. To top it all off, they got the fried oreos, which they thought would be disgusting, but were surprisingly good!

Another great establishment on South Street. I will definitely be back soon!
Entree served one of the best restaurant week meals I've had in a long time! This place has been in my bookmarks for years, since I moved to the area. When I finally made my way to South Philly, it did not disappoint! For my appetizer, I ordered the rock 'n roll shrimp, for my meal, the scallops, and for dessert the lemon ricotta cake. The scallops were to die for; easily some of the best seafood I've ever had. Overall, everything was prepared perfectly and plated beautifully. Since my visit here, I've been praising my meal at Entree to anyone who will listen. A hidden gem that I'll definitely be back to in the near future!
Betrayed by all the other reviews.  This place is overrated and they charge way too much for mediocre food.

We had the squid ink pasta which was too salty, bland tuna, and more soup based than pasta.  The cheese plates were minimal and in creative.  The braised short rib dish was slightly dry and nothing memorable, blah. 

The desserts were decent.  Overall, if you want to overpay for limit boring food, a claustrophobic experience since very tight and ugly dining furniture, and disappointment, then go here.  I prefer other more wholesome Italian restaurants in the city.
Really love this place.  It's our go-to neighborhood spot.  Given the amazing Philly food scene, we keep trying new places and say "it's not as good as entree." For starters, the wedge salad is awesome, as is the arugula salad. For main dishes, we rotate between the halibut, tuna, scallops, and chicken.  All are great! The flavors of the sides really go well with each dish, and they are not overly salty which I appreciate. For dessert, the fried oreos are rich (but good), and the lemoncello cake is my favorite. Their mantra is right- the food and simple and good, and never pretentious! We've had the same waitress a few times who is SO friendly. Their $40 and $50 price fixe options are a good deal also. The one downside is that the acoustics are not great- it can get noisy, but we enjoy people watching so it doesn't totally bother us!  Try this place out and you won't be disappointed.
It was a horrible experience of me and my friends. I had a reservation at 7:30, I arrived there on time,and there were two female servers one was manager curly hair. The other server made me wait for the wine glass for 15 mins, for the ice bucket 20 mins. Then my friends came I requested to change the server. Second server(manager) was worst than her. She dropped the wine bottle while opening,asking private questions about personal life! And i ordered appetizers they came to the table quickly but had to wait for a plate and fork and knife! After 10 mins i stood up and made a big trouble and left the restaurant with my friends. NEVER GO HERE, I STRICTLY NOT RECOMMEND
This review is from March 14, 2020. I was very excited to celebrate my friend's birthday here but was a bit disappointed. We had a large party (10 people) and the place was very crammed. We barely had any room to eat and, since we were sitting against the wall, every time someone wanted to go to the bathroom we had to get up. The tables were also very small so plates and glasses were crammed on the tables. That aside, the food was ok, I was expecting a bit more for such high prices (but yes, I realize they are higher since you can BYOB). The app and entree selection is very good with some really nice meals. My pet peeve though is overcooked shrimp in seafood pasta...The prosciutto wrapped dates were ok as the dates were huge and sweetness was overpowering. The service was fairly slow but they were nice and very accommodating. I think this is a great deal if you want to drink a bit more with your meal.
The food is good but the service was horrendous. Might be the worst service I have experienced in all of Philadelphia. There are so many restaurants in Philly with amazing food that dealing with the very rude and unhelpful staff here is not worth it. They dropped plates and glasses constantly with one plate chard hitting me and no one said anything. They took plates while people were still eating and served us cold plates of food. Don't eat here.
My boyfriend and I were looking where to go to eat for his birthday when we came across ENTREE. 

Before we went we read pretty much EVERY review and that's what made us decide this was the place to go to! The restaurant is small but very romantic. From our seat we had a view of the kitchen and if you are a foodie like me you would enjoy it because you were able to see how they prepared dishes and etc. 

The food was OUTSTANDING. We had the wedge salad, the calamari, the veal special and the surf and turf. Not one complaint about the food. Oh and did I mention the FRIED OREOS ??????? WOW they were the perfect but not as perfect as the caramel sauce that was hidden beneath them!

Lastly, I have nothing against the other waiters but if you go ask for Kim! She really knows her stuff! She was personable and looked like she loved doing her job. She also could explain anything on the menu! I've been to many restaurants and my biggest pet peeve is when the waiter looks miserable! Any-who! Ask for Kim she was the bomb! 

We will definitely be back! Thank you ENTREE for a great meal and a great night.
I'm so glad we tried this place.  Our family decided to go out to eat at 8p on a sunday in the middle of this panamic.  Most of our spots were closed or no longer taking reservations.  
We drove to the city and decided to try this place based on yelp reviews (thank you!!) and oh boy did we like it! 

First of all, love the prix fixe concept, fair and not small size portions.   Second, although it was very late (we got seated at 8:50p) we received great service.  The food was delish, we tried the sweet potatoes pasta meal for the kids and we each had the ribeye steak.  The kids actually ate all of our dinners which was surprising.  
I really enjoyed the arugula beet salad and our fav was def the fried oreo  ice cream dessert.

Def will keep this place bookmarked for post covid date nights!
WOW this place is AMAZING!

Came here with a group of 6 and barely fit in this restaurant that maybe fits 50 if you're packed like sardines. Despite the close quarters and loud atmosphere, the food was unbelieveable! The servers were extremely knowledge and the food was unique. Portions were a bit small but since we were a big group we ordered mostly everything on the menu. Tehe fact that this place is also a BYOB is just a huge plus. The ambiance was great for a special occasion (a few birthdays being celebrated throughout the restaurant) and when its nice out they can open the windows and offer a few outdoor seats as well. Can't wait to come back!

Bonus for the amazing fried oreo dessert!
Small and tight space, but pretty good food! 

You can order a la carte, or choose from either of the pre fixe menus ($40 vs. $50). The visual difference is palpable - the $50 menu offers veal, steak, and seafood potpourri, while the $40 menu (I'm sure it is delicious!) offers chicken, duck, scallops. 

Some highlights:

1) Wild shrimp dragon style: Comes with 4 butterflied fried shrimp in tangy sweet and spicy mango glaze. 

2) Hanger steak: the marinade makes the meat delicious, and otherwise makes the dish stand out while the accompanying elements (demi glace sauce, asparagus, onions and potatoes) are classic.

3) Fried Oreos: because how could you otherwise mess this up?!

Worth a stop if you're looking for a nice meal in philly
Came here on a Friday night. Seating is super tight and one table was extremely loud so had we been next to them it would have really hindered the experience - luckily it wasn't super crowded so we were pretty far from them.

We did the $50 pre fixe menu. The calamari wasn't very good in my mind -  the wedge salad was better! I got veal and lobster which was incredible and my boyfriend got steak. Our entrees were super tasty. The best part by far was the fried Oreos  they were truly next level! The menu is unique and there aren't a lot of places like it in the city especially that are BYOB. Overall very good!
Excellent food! Entree has quickly become a hit.
Where to start? Every course is excellent, and the portions are large. I always get the prosciutto-wrapped dates for an app and the sweet potato alfredo for the main course. For dessert, I've had the fried oreos and the Nutella cannoli. I really enjoy both. The 3-course for $30 menu (which they launched during the quarantine) is a great deal. I also went a number of times pre-pandemic, when the menu was $40 for three courses. Still well worth it. Hope to see this restaurant survive as we emerge from the lockdown.
We went to Entree for Restaurant Week and had an absolutely wonderful experience! The food was amazing, atmosphere perfectly charming (great for our date but the groups there seemed to be having a blast), and just generally a place we will definitely have to go back to. 

We had the wedge salad and the arugula salad to start and both had the steak for the main course (not a mistake to double up here- it was THAT good!!). The desserts also did not disappoint: you literally can't go wrong with fried Oreos and the lemon cake was incredibly light and fluffy and perfect :)

Overall, Entree is a great date night location but also good for mid sized groups looking for something classy and truly delicious. You'll be getting great food for a fair price and with first class service. Don't miss out!
This was my second time at entree. We had made a reservation and were able to seat right next to the open window on a beautiful summer night. My friend and I ordered the calamari (which I had before) and an arugula salad with grapefruit, plum, asiago cheese, and almonds with a balsamic dressing. To. Die. For. For our entrees I recommended the duck to my friend since I enjoyed it so much my last visit here and I ordered the pan seared scallops in a raspberry reduction sauce with corn and an arugula mix. Perfection. Dessert - fried Oreos and a lemon cello marscapone cake. I think it's official entree, your my new go to byo in Rittenhouse.
Last night 7 lovely friends and I went to Entree BYOB at 16th and South in Philadelphia. Everyone ordered from the 3 coarse $40 or $50 Prix Fix menu's, though everything was available a la cart, too. Really, the entrees were big enough that we could have split apps and deserts, but we wanted to try everything, and that's what we did! 
Stand outs included: 
Apps- The lightly breaded calamari that had two unique sauces for dipping, the spicy Dragon Shrimp that had a touch of sweet heat and both were cooked perfectly. 
Entrees- The Veal cutlets and Lobster with a rosé sauce was crispy and flavorful, the steak was perfect with an onion and balsamic reduction, and the added heat of the lobster fra diavolo (with 3x spice by request) caused many watery-eyed smiles. Desserts- Omg, fried Oreos with salted caramel ice cream, and the light lemon marscapone cake stole the show.
Really, everything was good. We drank lots of wine, and our waiter Steven was charming. Tables were close as they are in most BYO's in the city, but it was not too loud, and everyone was friendly. The discussion of when we can return began during the first coarse!
You have to be pretty confident in the prospect of your restaurant being great when you open a BYOB pretty much across the street from the beloved Pumpkin... and from what I can tell Entree is holding their own. 
Smaller restaurant, with a very warm cozy atmosphere. We didn't feel like we were sitting on top of other diners and it was not too loud either. 
The menu was limited of course as it was restaurant week but the food didn't disappoint. Wedge salad was definitely an A - fresh and dressed well. The calamari was some of the best I have ever had, not too heavily battered, served with peppers and spicy aioli - so crispy and flavorful. 
The steak was cooked perfectly, a little salty but very tasty and is a very large portion, and we couldn't get enough of the perfectly whipped mashed potatoes. Some liked the salmon, some were turned off by the raspberry glaze which was a little too sweet and heavy handed. We all agreed the butternut squash hash that comes with the salmon was the highlight of the meal - the consistency and the taste were out of this world. Oh and do NOT miss the fried Oreos WOW if its possible they are even better than they sound. 
Very good service as well! (The waiters are kind cute too!) 
Quick Summary: Cute little BYOB with good food, good service, get the steak and the oreos.
I went here for Restaurant Week and so happy that I did. I had indicated that I have a dairy allergy. 

The chef came out and went through all the menu adaptions which I could have. The best part? All of it was delicious. The service was great and it I will definitely be back!
Cute tiny place in the city of Brotherly Love with amazing food & service! The food is cooked perfectly & fresh everyday & I can't wait to come back for round two! I recommend doing the prefix menu instead of just ordering one single entree, you not only get more food but it's only a slight price difference! The veal is my favorite dish but I can't wait to explore more of the meal next time! 5/5 for me!!!!
I knew I wanted to have my bday dinner at a byob in the city that offered a pre-fixe menu and could accommodate a large group (we had 10 ppl). Entree fit the bill. The restaurant is small and cozy. However, we had to wait a while before our table was ready which when it is cold outside and they have no real waiting area, feels like forever. Once inside, they did a pretty good job taking care of us and everyone seemed to enjoy their meals. Popular apps/entrees at our table were the calamari, seared duck breast, brick chicken, and NY strip. However, my favorite entree of the night was the porcini ravioli that my sister ordered. I wasn't expecting that, but wow was it delicious. Oh and don't forget to save room for the fried oreos!

While it wasn't love at first sight with Entree, I was happy with our group dinner here and there are a few menu item that I plan on coming back to try.
Food was super fresh and portions were right sized. We did the price fixe menus. Becky was outstanding as our server, patiently and enthusiastically answering all of our questions in a party of 8. There was some flexibility in choosing between each menu. The chef came out to explain why no mussels, a few bad on the order this morning, so he threw them all out and substituted littleneck. Everything was  seasoned perfectly.  
A little pricey, but worth it.
I would go back.
Horray! I finally made it to Entree and loved it! This amazing place has been on my neighborhood block for way too long before I finally got to experience it myself. 

Sunday night, was pretty empty besides one massive birthday party taking up several tables. We sat near the back by the kitchen which was amazing, because the chef and our waitress came back several times to help us with recommendations.  We were so indecisive, everything on the menu looked amazing! 

We went for the $50 pre-fixe menu, but they also have $40 pre-fixe choices, and also a-la-carte. We decided to splurge. 

ENTREES
- Half roasted DUCK - perfect! One of my favorite dishes, with an amazing cherry compote and delicious mini potatoes. You get the duck leg and breast. 
-  SCALLOPS with Ahi Tuna on top squid ink pasta - the scallops were cooked perfectly, some of the best tasting scallops I've had in a long time! The tuna was very tasty, and the squid ink pasta was the best squid ink I've ever eaten! I told the chef I'd rather a different sauce because every time I eat squid ink its way too salty. He promised me to try it, and I would love it, and if I didn't he'd cook me a whole new dish, ha! Not needed! I listed to him and he was so right! I loved it! 
- Surf & Turf - NY strip with lobster tail. This dish was very good, but doesn't compare to the others. The lobster was great, but it was really the mashed potatoes that stole the show! We ordered the NY strip rare, it was over cooked, but the chef quickly cooked us a new one and it was perfect!  

APPS
- Arugula salad was delicious, the goat cheese and one other type of cheese was the perfect topping, and the grapefruit slices were a nice refreshing touch. 
- Calamari was amazing, and perfect texture. 
- Crab Arancini was my favorite app, it was stuffed with a artichoke or spinach type dip with crab meat, amazing. 

DESSERT - FRIED OREOS! Don't try anything else! This was so much better than I was expecting. I'd order these every time!

Overall, the food was amazing, but for the prices I'd rate it 4-4.5. However, the service was so fantastic, Entree BYOB deserves 5 stars from me.  Our waitress was a sweetheart, and helped us a million times with all our questions.  The chef was amazing, and came to our table a few times to check how we liked the food. The entire experience was just phenomenal. I love a great restaurant, where I can BYOB!  Can't wait to come back soon!
Entree is new to the neighborhood and I'm extremely grateful for it.  The waiter was attentive and nice, food was priced slightly on the higher side but reasonable for the platter size.

I went with my brother and parents and we had a very good night.  I had the seared tuna on the recommendation from the waiter, fried calamari and we split two bottles of wine (no corking fee).  The calamari came out first and was spectacular.  My brother had the shrimp scampi which he said was pretty good.

The seared tuna, $27, is certainly worth the extra few dollars, it came with clams, mussels and was served over a risotto which was extremely tasty.

All in all I would say the place is great for a small gathering of friends, date, or meet up with the parents, just remember to pull the door hard on the way in.
The new kid in town is looking good.  Entree Bistro has moved into the spot that used to be Novito Bistro.  We were lucky to among their early patrons on a beautiful Friday night.  Entree is very new at the writing of this review, so I hope to help spread the word that there is some really fine cooking going on south street west.
My entree was the wild boar sausage over a cream sauce which was just divine. This is one seriously great dish, with the subtle gaminess of the sausage pairing well with the delightful creme sauce and perfectly tender pasta. I also tried my dinning partners calamari with black squid ink pasta.  The black ink pasta was as good as some of the more famous Italian places which are known for the dish.  This seafood special was... well special and super fragrant. My appetizer of prosciutto wrapped figs was also excellent, with the crispy prosciutto the salty dance partner to the oh so sweet fig.
They have some interesting soft drinks, but i suggest bringing a favorite bottle of wine and having a top rate meal for a very reasonable price.
Have been there 3 times now and never have left disappointed. Restaurant is very small and can get a little loud but other than that I highly recommend this place.
I took my dad here for father's day feast and we had a lovely experience! we had an early booking before 6pm so the restaurant was mostly empty and a very relaxed atmosphere on a summer day~ once it got to about 7-7:30pm though, the place filled up very quickly! i was very happy with my earlier ressie especially for a more intimate dinner setting.

TBH, i definitely had doubts visiting this place after reading some of my fellow yelper's reviews, some had a great time and some just weren't very impressed with Entree.  I had nooo idea what to expect coming here, but it seemed like a solid BYOB spot from what yelp says.

So.  let's get started with looking at the menu--- a great selection of seafood and meat!  i love the idea of the $50 3-course prix fixe vs $40... i think the biggest difference between the 2 is the portion.  the choices in the 2 prix fixe menus are slightly different too.  don't forget they do offer daily specials as well! so if you ask, they can probably accommodate the special in the pricier prix fixe menu.  for us, our table chose 2 $50 menus and 1 $40 menu.  love that they let us mix and match! 

appetizers: 
glazed shrimp (3) - smaller portion but very good! nice summer sweetness to it.
soft shell crab (1) - delicious! nice glaze on top
calamari - big portion! perfect for sharing and very tasty! 

entree:
FRUIT DE MARE - like the BIGGEST scallop i've ever seen haha generous portion and overall very tasty! came with another soft shell crab that was seasoned and fried.
SURF AND TURF- possibly the most disappointing one.. BUT the sauce they had on the dish was really good! went well with the lobster tail and mashed potatoes.
SEARED DUCK BREAST - i was told this was the chef's special so i had to try it! it's not too bad but def not the best I've experienced.. the portion for the duck was pretty small compared to the other 2 entrees. But for one person, i thought the amount was enough.  the back of the duck breast was seared on too high of a heat setting in my opinion, the skin was too dry and the meat didn't absorb enough of the juice from the fatty skin.  the meat though was very tender so A+ there.  the wine sauce was really good too! but i felt like there was a disconnection between the dish and the sauce... a bit disappointing BUT i still enjoyed the dish very much. 

Dessert:
FRIED OREOS - signature at Entree, very nicely done and tastes even better with the vanilla ice cream!
LEMONCELLO - didn't wow me but still very good
AFFOGATO - adorable presentation in a martini glass and a side of espresso for you to pour it in! actually didn't try but looked delicious! comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream

after all the stuff I devoured that night.. I can now say I am a fan of Entree!! yes, it's not the cheapest meal in philly but it was certainly quite the value meal! they do not cheat you with the ingredients and portion they serve.  very nicely done! i am certainly looking to return to try other dishes.  and who can deny the awesome idea of byob?! in conclusion, i would not hesitate to recommend this spot to others!
Pretty nice small restaurant.  Service was friendly and attentive.  

Tried the $40 prix fixe and the star of the meal was the dessert.  The first course (both salads) were pretty good, the main courses (halibut and ribeye) were good, both being somewhat overcooked, and finally the desserts (nutella canoli and fried oreos) were delicious.  The oreos were dressed with a salted caramel sauce that was great.  Try the oreos!
I want to thank everyone at entrée for saving our night!!!  Fantastic server,  amazing chef and even the owner came out to say hi. 

After a wicked night checking out the animal world exhibit at Franklin Institute (freaky cool like body world's exhibit), we walked and wandered in a blizzard in search of a fine meal at 9pm.

Legitimately,  two of yelps favourite  and highly reviewed spots were full along our walk...  So we made it all the way down to South street,  to see this 'pumpkin'  place.   We found it all right.  In fact,  I could smell the arrogance from the street.   Without getting into it...  They didn't help us. 

Then immediately upon strolling into entrée,   we were warmly greeted and served up some wine.  The prix fixe meals at $40 & $50 were bliss.   Lobster to duck to a strong finish with a white chocolate creme brûlé... Best meal I'd had in ages....... And even better service.
We went during restaurant week and could not have had a better experience.  The food was amazing, and the service could not have been better.  Each dish was better then the next and the food was incredibly affordable.   

On top of the amazing meal, the place has a great feel to it.  There are chalk drawings on the wall that make the spot really stand out.  Additionally, the Chef/Owner took time on a busy night to come over and talk to us and make sure we were enjoying our experience.  You could really tell the pride he takes in every customer he serves.  I will definitely be a repeat customer.
Come here for BYOB group dinners! I visited this lovely little restaurant on South Street with a group of seven chicks. There was also another, larger group of ladies dining while we were there. Safe to say, this place knows how to handle BYOB groups. The waiter was beyond kind and patient when we needed "a couple more minutes" several times to get ourselves focused on the menu! The food came out perfectly timed, so polite sticklers who wait for everyone to be served don't have to be too patient here. With the cozy, comfortable atmosphere, this place would also be fantastic for a casual date night.

I went for the $40 prix-fixe, though there is also the option to order a la carte. If you're going for appetizer, entree, and dessert, however, I would say that the prix-fixe is an amazing deal since all entrees are in the high $20's a la carte. For only another $10-12, appetizer and dessert is hard to pass up on. Plus, they have some delicious salads and DEEP FRIED OREOS. I got the arugula salad, duck breast, and butterscotch creme brûlée, but was able to try some of my dining companions' meals as well. Everything was delicious and nicely prepared. I cleaned my plates except for the creme brûlée, which was a little too sweet for my taste. Next time, I'll go for the Oreos. I highly, highly, highly recommend the duck. It's been almost a week and I'm still thinking about it.
I have been here twice in the past 4 months.  Once with a group of 10 and also with a group of 4.  The service both times was great and everyone was really pleased with their food. 

- Duck Confit appetizer - could have been a little crisper and had a little less sauce
- Porcini Ravioli in Marsala wine sauce- incredible!! 
- Duck Breast Entrée - very good!! One star removed because they did overcook one entrée, but were more than happy to make another one.  It was just a shame because we had to eat without our pal having any food in front of her.  

We also  had fried oreo appetizers for dessert which were so decadent.  Couldn't have been happier with those. 

Both times I have been here they've had great menu options and there is something for everyone.  Also have been totally accommodating when making last minute reservations.
Very solid byob that's reasonably priced. The limoncello cake is amazing. It's so good I had to stop ordering it. The New York strip and edge salad with blue cheese and grapes is killer
The food is the only saving grace of this establishment.

The atmosphere was average at best. Which can be easily overlooked. 

The service was not only horrendous but down right rude. The server was too preoccupied with hanging out with his coworkers that we barely saw him. When we did have the opportunity to be served he was condescending and rude. 

I will not be dining here again. Thanks entirely to the service.
We came here on a Sunday night to celebrate my friend's birthday. The place is very small and only has about 10 tables. They keep it dimly light, which gives a romantic feel. There is no hostess and only 1 waiter working. We were seated at a table in the front room. The server was friendly and brought us some water for the table. Since it's a BYO, he also opened the bottles for us and explained the menu. He gave us a few minutes and then came back to take our orders. We also informed him that it was our friend's birthday. 

For appetizers, we got the cheese plate, wedge salad, prosciutto wrapped dates, and calamari. We were blown away by the size of the cheese plate and throughly enjoyed all of the appetizers. For our meals, we got the grilled prime angus NY strip, the veal special, the sea scallops, and the surf n turf special. All of the entrees were tasteful and we enjoyed them. Overall, the food was enjoyable, but nothing too special. It's a good place if you are looking for a decent meal for a decent price. They offer either a la carte meals or a pre-fix menu where you can pick one appetizer, one entree, and one dessert from each selection. For dessert we got the fried Oreos, Creme brûlée, and Affogato. The Affogato was the clear winner :)

Service: there was only one server on and he was working his butt off! As previously stated, he was very friendly and answered any questions we had about the menu. The only negative against him was the lack of a candle in my friend's dessert. We made it clear that we were here to celebrate a birthday. He said, "happy birthday" to my friend, but failed to bring a candle out with her dessert. I thought to myself that maybe they didn't do the whole candle thing at this restaurant, but the table behind us got a candle in their dessert for a birthday. It is a small thing, but it would have gone a long way. 

Towards the end of our reservation, a party of 12 people came in to celebrate a 30th birthday. They were very, very loud and the place is small. I know there is nothing you can do about rowdy guests, but i was glad we were almost done with our meal when they came in. 

Overall, I think this place is great for a low key, decent meal at a reasonable price. The BYOB also makes for an even better meal! I would recommend this place, just maybe not for a birthday dinner.
Would never have known about Entree without the help of a little Philly Mag article on it.  What a pleasant surprise!  

We grabbed a nice table outside for a late dinner, and while it wasn't perfect, it was perfectly enjoyable.  We did one prix fixe and added an entree, which I thought was very customer friendly, rather than forcing us both into it.  

The calamari starter had great flavor, but as Michele C pointed out, it was a little overdone.  I wish they would have pulled them out of the fryer about two minutes earlier.

For the mains we both went fishing.  The halibut, on recommendation from our server, was a perfect dish.  It was cooked to a flakey medium, and I really liked the cherries as an accompaniment.  My swordfish was good, but it was borderline overdone.  The wonderful pasta with artichoke, tomatoes and mussels kept it on point.  

The fried Oreo dessert was a surprise hit.  It wasn't huge, but it ended up being a nice sweet way to end the meal.  The salted caramel on the ice cream worked well, but it would be even better if they could infuse it into the actual ice cream, rather than a syrup.  

All things considered, the service was slow (two large parties killed the timing), and the meals weren't perfect, but the prices were very reasonable, it was BYO, and the service was stellar.  Check it out if your in the South St West neighborhood.
Restaurant Week brought me here, but the food and service is what will bring me back!

This BYO establishment is exactly how I imagined it would be. It's small, cozy, and full of laughter. The food is phenomenal. Even for their restaurant week menu, they had plenty of options. There's bread for the table (YAY) and the staff is attentive. 

I had the shrimp (dragon style) as an appetizer. Greta amount of heat and full of flavor! For my entree i had the scallops which were cooked to perfection. Of course for dessert i chose the chocolate option (chocolate torte). Chocolate can never do wrong. 

Can't wait to return!
I was very excited to come here for restaurant week though left a little disappointed.  

Starters: beet and watermelon salad, lobster Rangoon, cheese plate. The beet and watermelon salad was refreshing and best of the bunch, though the other 2 left much to be desired.

Entrees: scallops, steak, artichoke pasta, and branzino. The scallops and steak were very well cooked and recommended but felt like a typical restaurant. The branzino was average, and I cannot speak to the pasta but my friend did enjoy it.

Dessert: fried Oreos, Affogato, tiramisu. The fried Oreos were very hyped up but honestly felt like any fried Oreo that you can find at a fair, complimented by fairly average vanilla ice cream. The real star in the dessert category is the Affogato, which came with a much better vanilla gelato. The tiramisu was nice and light, still better than the Oreos.

Overall, it was a okay dinner but not as great as I had hoped. Though if you do come here, I'd recommend the scallops, steak, and Affogato.
Went to Entree last night based off several "raving" recommendations. Our reservation was for 7:15pm. Our experience started off poorly as our table was nudged in-between two other tables and we were constantly fighting for seating space.

After receiving water, our waitress handed us our menus and instantly asked "are you ready to order?" She physically just gave us the menu! Anyways, as we eventually ordered, we had trouble informing the waitress  of our order because she spoke very poor English. Several items, like the branzino special were out... on Friday night at 7:15.

Food came out quick, however, several of us got the tuna and it was very subpar. In addition, I had to had ask for silverware several times as they never gave me a setting.

I don't typically write yelp reviews but I was extremely disappointed with the experience coming off several recommendations.
Saturday marked our 2nd visit to Entree BYOB. But this time, we actually sat down and had an incredible dinner!

The first thing that you notice about this place is the lack of space. It's actually so unfortunate that this space isn't more comfortable. I'm a big guy - 6'2" and closing out the 200 Lbs mile marker on my scale. 

During my first visit, I was with company of similar physical proportions. It was a packed house and couldn't envision how we would get through our dinner without brushing elbows AND hips with our neighbors. We decided to leave. However, we KNEW that Entree would be worth another visit.

We caught a break in the tide, the place wasn't too packed and we actually were able to find a comfortable table. The Price Fix menu can't be beat. They offer 2 levels but you WILL find yourself wanted to sub out from each side. I had the Rack of Lamb with the Cauliflower and Cous cous salad - SUPERB. The Lamb was served as 4 plump chops that were grilled to a PERFECT medium/rare - melted in my mouth! The Cous cous salad was chilled and made an excellent play against the warm chops. My wife had a Veal Cutlet with Lobster Tail, served in a Lobster cream sauce. For as much as I enjoyed my plate, hers was the winner! The veal cutlet was ENORMOUS, breading was crispy and veal was like silk.

I jumped past the starters, but let's talk about that: We split the options that came with our Price Fix menu: Dates wrapped in Prosciutto - stuffed with gorgonzola(?) and the "Wild" Shrimp (spicey / Asian style shrimp). Both were great!!! The Stuffed Dates paired perfectly with our Cline Zinfandel.

I would HIGHLY recommend this place, but keep the comfort level in mind. It can be VERY cramped - even with a modest crowd.
Ok - Everyone must dine here!!!!
To begin, my wife and I were greeted at the door by a cheerful welcoming cat... Didn't get his name.
Our waitress "Kim" was an absolute button and could not have been more knowledgable, efficient, attentive or engaging.
We had the calamari and Dates for an app. The calamari was the best we have ever had. Tossed in balsamic, cooked perfectly with a sriracha aoli. The prosciutto wrapped dates were perfectly described by the cat who welcomed and sat us as, "delivered daily from heaven."
My wife got the tuna which was amazing and I got the seared Duck... Never had duck.. Went with Kim's recommendation...
It was amazing as well and is now my standard bearer as I will be ordering again. 
We sat at a small table in the back enabling us to see and hear the kitchen humming at full speed...
The chef and sous chef's worked in close quarters and actually appeared to love and care about what they were doing.
Fun and refreshing to see. 
Our experience here as a whole has made this spot among our top 3 BYO's... (Along side Sotto and Audrey Clair's for us)
The only issue this place has is that it needs to be 3 times it's size.
We will be back ... Often!
Crazy great... Wish there were a 6th star for such spots.
Service- 3 stars. Waiter was nice, but I felt a bit rushed. Had barely finished my entree before he wanted to bring dessert. I told him we wanted to slow down a bit, but I felt like he wasn't thrilled about it. Granted, it's a small room and the place was packed...but I need more than an hour to enjoy a nice meal out.
Food- 4.5 stars. Apps were amazing! Arancini stuffed with crab and topped with caponata. Prosciutto wrapped dates stuffed with Gorgonzola. Freaken delish! I loved my halibut- spicy tomato coulis tempered by a nice butternut squash hash. Hubs had the surf and turf...ample portion, but he felt that the sauce on the steak was overly salty. Dessert was a nice creme brûlée.
Cost- our meal cost $100. 
Final verdict- 4 stars and I'd go back...
Entree is a charmer. We started off with the calamari and it was very good. I'm real picky  when it comes to calamari. It must be perfect. For my entree I ordered the duck and it was my first time ever. Entree set my standards high. Last for dessert - the fried Oreos. You can order a three course meal for $ 40 or $50 per person. It is worth it. They don't mind if you share the appetizer and dessert. It's a good deal. The other two people I was with ordered the salmon. Now I am not a fan of salmon, but it looked and tasted fantastic. Well done Entree! Well be back!
I went to Entree last night with my boyfriend for Valentine's Day for the second year in a row. We enjoyed it even more than we did last year which was a surprise since last year was amazing. Our server and the atmosphere were on key. Candle lit tables and roses made the atmosphere romantic. 

We ordered from the valentines pre fixed menu which included a cheese plate, app./salad, entree and desert for each of us. We also received a complimentary glass of red Sangeria which was a nice touch.  

I ordered calamari with red peppers, aoli and a balsamic glaze for my app and my boyfriend ordered fried shrimp with a mango sauce (both amazing). For entrees my boyfriend ordered short ribs served with mash potatoes and asparagus, he said it was the best short rib he has ever had. It was also a huge portion, he was full all night. I ordered crab encrusted swordfish with Brussel sprouts and cauliflower. It was amazing as well! We ended our meal with white chocolate creme brûlée and lemon cello cake. We both agreed it was the best meal we've had since living in the city.
Price fixe or not, Entree BYOB caters to the many, but fails to deliver quality with their quantity.

Must get: ---
Meh: duck, dragon shrimp, beet salad, lemon cake, creme brulee
Missed out: mussels

I took my family here for a traditional American style cuisine and had no issues getting reservation via opentable despite the short notice. However, while the service of the evening was excellent (except when they forgot the food), the quality of the food was subpar at best. We got shared the dragon shrimp and the beet salad. Both dishes were bland and felt cheapened by the unnecessary glazes. The shrimp tasted particularly...raw, with the brininess that is undesirable for most seafood. The duck, in my opinion, was the worst offender with an unflattering chunk of meat that was overcooked and served over a heap of tuber plants that I can barely discern from beets or potatoes due to a lack of texture or taste to distinguish the two. Finally, the lemon cake tasted no different than what you can get over the counter, and the creme brulee was so thin that you'd be fooled in thinking that someone ate your food before you had a chance to taste it yourself.

Food: 2 stars
Service: 3 stars (4 for enthusiasm, 2 for forgetting our food)
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 3 stars
Superb cooking delivered by a superb staff.  The cooking here is inspired across the board.  We sampled the fried calamari done with slightly sweet/hot peppers in a balsamic reduction, the mussels and cherrystones in a sauce I wanted to drink with a straw, the "brick" chicken, a spatch-cocked cornish hen served in a delicious sauce, and savory duck breast cooked to perfection.  Our entres were served over delicious mashed potatoes.  The only slightly off-key note was a too-crisp canoli.  This is a place worth visiting frequently.  And we will!
Yummy yummy yummy. Came here for Restaurant Week and was extremely satisfied with their menu. I started with their roasted beet salad. Then I had their seared tuna with zucchini-potato hashcake (so crunchy; paired well with the smoother, or delicate texture from the fish). Finally, I ended with their flourless chocolate cake, which came with a nice raspberry compote. Funnily enough, when I asked my waitress how they were able to come up with such a dense fudgy texture, she said she didn't know. In fact, as she admitted, Entree had actually catered the dessert from another restaurant, meaning that the chefs weren't making the dessert in-house!

Overall, Entree provided an awesome experience, although I thought that the place was a little too casual for a fancier restaurant.
Been here twice and loved it both times.  Great environment, delicious food and byo.  We will be back.
Food and service were amazing! Our waitress was great about giving us tips on different menu items, and was very confident in her suggestions (which I find preferable to listing off a bunch of things just short of listing the whole menu). The intimate environment allows for this type of attention and service.

Calamari appetizer was incredible, and duck breast is one of the chef's specialties. I thought the menu was great overall in that dishes are more intricate than what I would/could make at home, but not too complicated or overdone.

I would definitely come back and recommend to all! And it's BYOB which is a plus!
Since the day this restaurant opened I have been meaning to dine here and I finally decided to! 
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and we both left talking about how good the food was! 
It's a BYOB and no cork fee so that is a huge plus! We started with the cheese plate, shrimp and calamari. I am still drooling thinking about the calamari and cheese board!
The cheese board had really nice size portions of three cheeses and the paired spread were Delish! The calamari was really good too. The perfect crunch/chew consistency packed full of flavor with a little kick to it! Also the portions are the perfect shareable size and a great price as well. I had the duck breast entree and i was very happy that the dish came out well. Sometimes duck can be a bjt gamey. The desserts were tasteful as well! I highly recommend the fried Oreos! 

Additional comments:
- our server (the only one working) was so friendly and really gave his personal opinion for each dish he pointed out which I really liked! 
- the chef came out and asked us how we enjoyed our dinner which I LOVED! I feel like that doesn't happen anymore AND he brought us a shot of this concoction that he was making *how sweet*
- the bathroom was SO clean! When I opened the door I was surprised at how nice it smelled and how clean it looked. I also trust my gut and when a restaurant doesn't have a clean bathroom then who knows what the kitchen looks like; I typically won't eat at those places! 

I would return and dine here again! I think this can be the perfect place for a group of friends and all splits apps and a few bottles of wine!
We hosted my son's rehearsal dinner at Entree recently and everyone was totally delighted with the food, service and overall hospitality.  Because it is a smaller restaurant, we were able to reserve the entire place for our group, set up a bar and enjoy the evening.  I am from Chicago and would rank this place as one of my best dining experiences.  Many in our group were native Philadelphians and I know they will return.
We just had our anniversary dinner there and loved it.  Each person who talked to us wished us a happy anniversary.   Even the owner/chef came out to wish us well.  The service was top notch. The food was out of this world good. I had the seafood fra diavlo, and the misses of 34 years had the lobster tail and veal cutlet.  With appetizers, we had to box some of the entrees to take home.  So much food.  We will defiantly be back. We love this place.
Entree is definitely one of my favorite BYOs in the city. It's a pretty small space, which makes the dining experience feel intimate and special. It's a really great place for a date night or even dinner with girl friends. You can definitely dress down for more casual events, but I've also gotten dressed up for a later dinner seating. Since it's a small restaurant, it can definitely get loud, but not in a bad way (I think the BYO aspect contributes to this). The Proscuitto Wrapped Dates and Calamari are 2 of my favorite appetizers. They also have a spicy shrimp app (Dragon Shrimp, I believe?) and it's absolutely delicious! I would eat this every day. For entrees, I've had the scallops and the duck, which are both very tasty. But the best dishes I've had have been the specials. One was a squid ink seafood linguini and my favorite of all time (which they usually have on the menu) is a breaded veal chop on top of mashed potatoes and asparagus with a lobster tail on the top! And the sauce that comes with it is amazing. Lastly, I can't help but get the fried oreos every single time I come here. They are decadent, but surprisingly not as heavy as you would think. Entree is constantly in my Philly BYO rotation. Highly recommend for both locals are visitors!
We stumbled upon Entree BYOB by accident when the BYOB we had planned to go to was closed due to a family emergency. Lucky for us, they were able to accommodate our party of 4 at 8pm with no reservation--on a Saturday night no less! 
We absolutely couldn't have asked for a better experience--we were there to celebrate our good friends' recent engagement and the menu had plenty of options to get us each excited.
We opted for the $40 tasting menu which turned out to be a fabulous deal (especially since we had our own wine!). To start, we sampled each of the starters: The Wedge Salad (with a gorgonzola dressing and crispy bacon), The Arugula Salad (with grapefruit, peaches, and nuts), and the Fried Calamari. Both of the salads were tasty and were dressed perfectly. My husband had the calamari and said it was the absolute best he has had in Philadelphia. Considering he rarely exaggerates, I would call that a Wow dish!
For our entrees we enjoyed the Duck Breast, NY Strip with Mashed Potatoes and Asparagus, and the happy couple both had the Halibut. My steak was prepared perfectly, albeit a bit fatty for my taste but still quite delicious. The mashed potatoes and asparagus were perfectly seasoned and prepared. Yum!
Husband had the duck and said it was great! The real show stopper though was the Halibut. Although I am not a seafood eater personally, I was almost tempted to try it just because they raved so highly about it (although I am not sure they would have wanted to share! haha!) On our walk back home I think they brought it up twice--they really were impressed!
Finally, dessert. It was a nice touch that dessert was included as part of the tasting menu. Hubby and I had the fried oreos and our friends shared the nutella cannoli and limencello cake. The oreos were pretty good (I think I don't want to have liked them as much as I did) and the nutella cannolli was described as "good but rich!" Overall an A+ experience and we would absolutely return to enjoy their seasonal menu on another occasion. Highly recommend!
I came for restaurant week with two friends, and everything we had was absolutely delicious! My favorites were the calamari, the steak, and the fried Oreos. If you haven't tried a fried Oreo, drop everything and go get one. Oh my warm, chocolatey goodness! I'd definitely recommend making a reservation. We had a reservation for 9, and they were running a little behind, but we're very apologetic. The atmosphere was cozy (read: small) and welcoming, but the tables were a little too close together. Overall, the food was amazing, the service was great, and who doesn't love a good BYOB?
