Tough weeks call for delivery so my husband and I decided last night would be a great time to order from Erawan. Since we had a gift card, we placed our order over the phone. About 45 minutes later our food was delivered. 

We ordered the Rama Noodle with chicken and Holy Basil Supreme with beef. For both dishes we opted for the 2 pepper "awakening" spice level. The dishes had the perfect amount of spice. The red pepper flakes were noticeable in both dishes. Very spicy but still flavorful and enjoyable. The sauce of the basil supreme was amazing. The beef was well done and absorbed the flavor of the sauce nicely. I believe  it was the Holy Basil supreme that came with rice which was another great use of the sauce. I loved the green beans in the dish too. The rama noodle had a fantastic curry flavor. The noodles were thick and plentiful. The dish contained bok choy which made me a very happy camper. We shared both dishes and I had both of mine mixed on my plate. 

We were both very happy with our experience dinner and have bumped Erawan up to our top Thai go-to.
Erawan deserves an upgrade from me. They are definitely in the running for my go-to Thai delivery. They aren't open on Mondays and their delivery fee via GrubHub is $3, which is kind of a bummer. But the food is solid. 

I enjoy their tom yum soup and I also recently tried their version of wonton soup. It's totally different from the Chinese version, almost reminding me of a chicken noodle soup, but with light wontons instead of noodles. It was a nice alternative to the tom yum, although that's still my preference. 

The chicken with pineapple sauce is always on point, though the portions can sometimes be a bit small compared with the price. The rice is sticky every single time; it even holds up in the fridge better than most rice.
Weekday lunch, I'm looking for the best Chicken Pad Thai takeout and Erawan Thai is the next stop on my list. For $10 you get an entree and an appetizer. I think the Chicken Pad Thai is comparable to the other Thai places in the area (notable lack of bean sprouts though), but this place has the friendliest staff and a very spacious & well-decorated interior.
A friend chose this relatively inexpensive BYOB.  I ordered what turned out to be a very big portion of Pad Thai.  It was cooked to perfection with a lime, crushed peanuts, and bean sprouts.  Yummm!  Exactly what I needed!!  She ordered Massaman Beef Curry, it was delicious... complete with a large dose of coconut milk.  She gave me her leftovers, I do not regret taking them.
We got there after the first wave of seating on a Friday night and only waited 10 minutes, we didn't have reservations.  Good for groups but let them know ahead of time, seating is limited.  Check out the website for more info, it seems to be accurate and not misleading (unlike fast food ads, "the burger never looks like that").  I have strongly recommend this restaurant to friends.
We ordered some solid Thai from Erawan last night. Delivery was fast compared with other Thai spots with delivery. They definitely get some points there. We ordered fried pork dumplings which were incredibly greasy, but still tasty. On the healthier end of the spectrum, my pad broccoli with chicken was light and flavorful. The rice was perfectly sticky. My boyfriend had chicken in pineapple sauce which was lighter than I expected and had a really nice sweet but spicy flavor. Last week he ordered chicken in some sort of spicy pepper sauce which was also really great. 

As far as my favorite Thai delivery goes, I still have one other place that leads the pack, but because of the fast delivery, Erawan will definitely see some repeat business from me.
I am an avid foodie, who has links to the food industry, and normally do not write reviews. Nor will I here. Rather I will present a simple series of facts. The reader can make up their own mind what to think of this experience.

1. At approximately 7pm I placed an order for this restaurant on Yelp (confirmation receipt sent within minutes, thanks Yelp!).
2. Around 815 pm, I phoned and asked when the food would be arriving. I was told any minute.
3. Around 845pm, I asked to speak to the manager and was placed on hold. The phone was not answered again.
4. 854pm: I call again and ask to speak to the manager. I am told the food will now really arrive, the manager will be in contact later this evening, and that there will be future discounts.
5. 9.08pm: food arrives (which I carefully document on camera).
6. 9.10pm: Two dishes are found MIA (carefully documented on camera).
6. Several days later: Nothing from Erawan management. 

I forgot to mention a 7 year child and birthday celebrations were involved: And I told the receptionist of both factors.

Caveat emptor.
One of my favorite places in the city for Thai.  The food is great and they are able to accommodate large parties.  Recently I made reservations for 18 people with no problem and they offered a 3 course menu of appetizer, salad/soup and entree for only 15.95.  The service was fast and friendly and they let us bring our own birthday cake and had candles for us.  The only issue I had was that it was a bit hot in the restaurant, but they did have a circulating fan going.
My favorite Thai Cuisine in center city, Philly so far!! 
Ambiance: easy, relaxing, lots of real plants and art works befitting the culture. 
Food: tastefully seasoned. My favorite so far are the crab meat fried rice, shrimp pad Thai, and mango sticky rice absolutely delicious. Price is very reasonable. Service is always attentive and was fast after we were seated. We were also the first customers the moment they opened . The Crab meat fried rice is soooo good!!! Well cooked, not too soft or hard, moist, not dry at all. Just perfect!! Highly recommended if you like your food well seasoned.
This probably deserves an "Eek! Me thinks not" but I'm upgrading it to an "Meh. I've experienced better", mostly because they did happen to be the only Thai place open at around 1:45pm on Sunday, which was precisely when we had a large group that wanted to get Thai food for lunch.

My reasonings for the low ratings are three-fold and pretty straightforward: 
- Pretty awful food (even if some dishes were a bit more edible than others). I've never had Drunken noodles that tasted so bland and soggy... Thankfully, my friend got the curry, which was at least quasi-palatable, and was kind enough to share with me. 
- Terribly unaccommodating service. I'm sure they meant well, but the servers spilled water on the table (and on my phone) while pouring, were really slow and forgetful, couldn't accommodate our yelp check-in coupon for our tables, and the food came out so slowly in waves so that some people were half way through their meal by the time others were receiving theirs. Apparently this was not an isolated issue, because we overheard the table next to us complaining that one of the guys didn't receive his dish until the whole other table had finished theirs, and the server didn't seem to be able to do much about it.
- More expensive than comparable establishments. Everyone ended up paying about $17 with tip & tax included for the regular Thai noodle or curry dish, which felt way inflated especially considering the not-so-great quality.

Unless it's during Sunday late lunch hours and I desperately need to get Thai food for some reason, I unfortunately have to say that I doubt I'd return.
We come here all the time and in the past year, the portions have gotten much smaller and the service is an atrocity.  Expect tro wait at least 30 min for your food and if you are dining with a group, inevitably someone's dish will be forgotten.  All this and not a single inkling of something vaguely close to an apology.  This used to be a go-to.  Never again.  Head to Smile or Jasmine Rice.
hello neighborhood thai restaurant. you've been the ever-reliable takeout spot on nights when i'm hungry and tired after work. 

you're not usually my default because you come a little pricier than i'd like, but your big takeout container full of pad kee mao makes my tummy happy after only having to wait 15 minutes from the time i hang up the phone. your food isn't overloaded with grease or msg, so it's nice not to have to chug a liter of water afterwards.

you're good and you're decently priced for rittenhouse, but you're nothing spectacular either. on a continuous spectrum rating scale, you fall somewhere between 3 and 3.5 stars. perhaps 3.2 stars?
The Wild boar was not boring at all at Erawan.  Listed as Exotic Pork, this dish had a two-pepper designation and it did clear the sinuses.  Wonderfully spicy but balanced with flavor and really fresh cooked green beans that cracked when you bit them.  The Thai tea is such a simple drink...thai tea and cream, served with ice, but it tastes great.  The staff was cute in the friendly accommodating Asian way and they were good about timing and courtesy.  Free dessert on Valentine's, yay.  The bill was surprisingly low, I thought they made a mistake.  I'll go again.
One of the oldest Thai restaurants in Philly, Erawan Thai does not disappoint! The pad Thai noodles are amazingly simple and fresh with lime and herbaceous flavor!

A fair warning - my husband ordered the drunken noodles "mild" which turned out to be more of an Asian mild with a decent spice kick! He ended up eating my daughter's chicken wing appetizer which was crispy and delicious but small on the portion size! The Pad See Ew was nothing majorly special either. Will be back for some pad Thai and to try other new things!
Came here with a party of 13 around 2pm on a Sunday. Will just cut to the chase - the food here is pretty good, the staff is friendly, but the wait is ridiculous. Not only does it take a long time for food to come out, they come out by the entree, which means the first group to receive food was already done eating by the time the last few people received their food. This must be common since the party of 5 next to us complained about this same issue when we first arrived. 4 star food, 2 star efficiency.

Would recommend walking half a block down to Smile Cafe.
Decent, standard thai food and they deliver. I've only tried the Pad Thai and the Green Curry but both are good. The green curry sauce was a little thin for my liking and the chicken comes in thin strips which I always find mediocre but the vegetables were cooked perfectly and even the eggplant held up to the curry. Unfortunately for Philadelphia, I still have yet to find a phenomenal Thai food restaurant in the area. But when I feel the urge to order, Erawan might climb to the front of the line.
Very fresh and flavorful. I've spent several months in Thailand, and this place is the best Thai food I found in the city. They also go out of their way to ensure you have a great dining experience. 

The Holy Basil dish was delicious! Can't wait to go back again.
I am disappointed with my take out order from Erawan. The papaya salad which was supposed to come with "skewer of grilled shrimp" came with one measly shrimp. The dressing itself was all heat and no fish sauce at all. I even specified to the kitchen to please make the salad authentic and not to American palates. I also ordered Rama noodles. The tofu saved this dish because it was large and fluffy. There were also lots of veggies. However the dish was described as coming in a "sauce" and the noodles were sticking together and dry. They were sprinkled with curry powder and hardly flavorful. My $25 order left much to be desired and I wont order from here again.
Part of my job entails processing expenses.  Week in and week out, one of our HR Generalist, Bob, hands in reciepts from this place to expense.  No joke, he's there (at a minimum) about twice a week for business lunches.  He took me last week and now I know why he's so obsessed with Erawan...

During your typical Center City Philly lunch rush, most places are hard to find a table.  This place must be the Thai communities little secret because it was calm, welcoming and we were seated right away.  I try never to look at prices when ordering food because if you're going to treat yourself to anything in life, food should be first on the list.  However, my boss was treating me and I didn't want to order anything too expensive.  Well, that was near impossible since all of the prices are relatively close across the board... and way way affordable.  I think the lunch menu was around $7.95 or $8.95 per person and it wasn't just a single dish.  I ordered Red Curry Chicken... and it came with this... and it came with that... and before I knew it I was eating a three course meal for lunch!  Everything was great and if I have one suggestion for tea lovers, go with the ginger tea.  It had a bit of a spice to it but it hit the spot.

In regards to decor... it wasn't anything lavish but you can't judge a small place like this based on decor.  In fact, I found it to be relaxing.  If it were a Steven Star restaurant, that would be completely different and the bill would have been 5x's bigger.

So, try this place out.  If you're a Thai fan, I'm sure you'll like it and if not, it won't burn a whole in your pocket.  This is definitely one of my new little secret spots...
This place had pretty good Thai food. It kind of is a small place so if you have a big group I would try calling ahead or getting there early, especially around dinner time. I usually love spicy food but I decided to get not the hottest level of spice, but one level down. The food was insanely spicy at that level, just as a forewarning. The green curry was pretty good and the tom kha soup was good too. The staff also treated us to free ice cream..the green tea ice cream was delicious. Lot of menu options..pretty good flavors. I would go there again.
Erawan was always my go-to place in grad school, primarily because I love their Pad See Ew - ok ok fine, it's the only thing I ever order, but goddamn it's good. Spicy beef Pad See Ew makes me happy to be alive. 

Typically I've eaten in rather than ordered out, and the service, while never especially notable, is fine; the dine-in special is an excellent deal. 

But for real, I come to Erawan when I want Pad See Ew, and it's delicious.
Answer: You call (215) 567-2542 at least once a week for take out.

Question: What happens when you live a block and a half away from Erawan Thai Cuisine.  

I think their pad thai is a little "meh" but everything else is great.  I'm pretty sure my boyfriend is physically addicted to the green curry.  We also really like the mango chicken (which for some reason I can't find on their menupages page... but I promise it exists).  Reasonably priced.  Easy.  Yummy.  Nothing else needed.
The food here is okay the services is above average for an Asian establishment.

The kitchen does take a bit longer to cook the food for bigger groups and the food doesn't go through the pass all at once. The food was so staggered that by the time I started eating my food it had cooled down by a lot. I'm sure they did their best to accommodate our group of 11.

Their Pad Thai was seasoned well. The Mango Rice dessert was delicious and would warrant a visit just to try this food. 

I'm sure that the experience could be better with a smaller group. 

One suggestion for the business owner on the check-in practice. You only let customers use their check-in free appetizer deal if you pay in cash. I understand the idea of making margins for your business and if you keep giving out free apps it would be harder to make margin on the food so imo you should remove the check in offer which only causes disappointment before the meal even starts.
This place gets worse and worse each time I get food from here. 

1.  Take-out service is.... well improved in some areas but worsened in others... so still bad.  Once upon a time it came with no cutlery and the food leaked all over the place. As time progressed, we started to see cutlery and less sloppy packaging, but food quality and order accuracy was severely compromised.  

2.  Food: Coconut soup got more and more dilute each time.  There was one time where it was SO bad I threw it out. You may ask why I keep getting it.  It used to be creamy, coconutty, lemongrassy, spicy, and delicious.  Just not anymore.  I was just naive in thinking it was a fluke 5+ times in a row.

They always manage to Fck up an order.  If it's not Dish A it'll be Dish B or vice versa.  For example, two entrees,both no peanuts.  You can bet your sweet life one of them will have peanuts anyway. This is just one of the many examples, none of which are isolated incidences.  Oh, and the quart sized soup container... why is it all of a sudden 3/4 full?  P.S. Drunken noodles are very bland so get it spicy.  

3.  Don't get me started on dine-in.  That was one and done.  

Two stars for effort(?) and great lunch deal.
I took my brother here while he was in town for work and we both loved it. 

It took a little longer than I would have liked to get our food (but we didn't order an appetizer). It was worth the wait, though. My green curry was among the best I've had, and my brother raved about his massaman curry. The jasmine rice was perfect. The wait staff was incredibly attentive and quick to refill our water glasses (which was fantastic, since I was nursing a massive hangover). I was totally spying on the meals of the people sitting around us, and everything looked delicious.

I have a feeling Erawan is going to be my new obsession.
Decent thai spot with BYOB. Food is affordable and has variety on menu.

I got the Siam seafood tonight. It was yummy and light on my palette, which is what I wanted.  The dish had minimal seafood and I wish there was more.

The space is cramped with tables and chairs, like many thai restaurants. It got really hot in there and the mobile fans they plugged in near us were just not enough for the crew at dinner.
Given the fact everything is amazing, I will keep it short. 

My favorite is the Papaya Salad and the Penang Curry. Generous portions and big flavors and BYOB making the deal even sweeter. Check out the lunch deal, its a steal! 

P.S: Try the golden bags, fun delicious app!
This is a great place for lunch. The price ranges from $8-$10 for lunch! The place gets packed during 12-1, so i suggest going after 1. My coworker had the mango chicken- don't get it. It was in a white suace and very bland! Nothing wowing about it. The pad thai is good and so is the red and green curry.
As stated in my previous review, I use to LOVE erawan. My cousin and I both ate there or got delivery as much as once a week. Unfortunately last time we ordered, we had an awful experience. The chicken in the same dish we order every single time was simply not good. Brown, slimy and not of their usual perfect quality. We would've gotten sick had we ate it. When we called, the woman was unbelievably rude. She disagreed, made excuses, and was insanely unprofessional for a business owner. She refused to give a refund, and offered a $5 coupon. Then offered 50% off next meal. When we said we'd take a 50% she agreed with "fine," and quickly hung up. No surprise, no refund was ever given. 
It's so disappointing because we've been customers for years and it was truly my favorite Thai in philly. But after the unpleasant experience I'll never eat there again.
The oldest Thai restaurant in Philadelphia - Erawan - is also one of the best.  I guess you could interpolate a causal relativity in that statement as well - "because Erawan is so good, it has survived to become the oldest Thai restaurant in Philadelphia."  Erawan is located on the western edge of Center City Philadelphia and has developed both a loyal lunch and dinner following.  I had been there for dinner before but recently enjoyed my very first lunch there.  The key word in that statement is enjoyed.  The food was wonderful.  I started off with golden tofu served with a sweet and sour chili sauce.  Excellent!  The Thai salad with peanut sauce that followed deserves the same adjective.  And then came the totally tasty Pad Woon Sen.  This famous mung bean noodle vegetarian dish had flavor bursting out from every bite.  And the homemade chili hot sauce enhanced the flavors.  Service was pleasant and efficient - water glasses refilled several times.  
 
Erawan is so good that I think it is going to stay the oldest Thai restaurant in Philadelphia for a long while to come!
I somehow found myself here after stops at Rum Bar, Monks, and my friend's apartment, which meant I was several varieties of intoxicated (and hungry). 

I didn't realize at the time, but we walked in shortly before closing. The staff didn't mind, and sat us immediately. Yummy spring rolls came out relatively quickly, followed by entrees...I had the Pad Prik King with tofu. Very flavorful and fresh tasting...among the better Thai dishes I've had in the city. Its BYO, and they accommodated nicely (oh yea, we brought beer too...long night!). 

Even though we were the last people in the restaurant, they didn't seem annoyed, nor did they try to shoo us out the door. I hate being "that guy" so I appreciate it when people are gracious. The only bad part was that I forgot my leftovers at my friend's place...oh well, hope you enjoyed them dude.

I hope to dine here again...only earlier, and more soberly.
I have eaten so much pizza from Rustica that I'm about to start hating it, so I decided to try a new takeout joint. I was pleasantly surprised by Erawan and they have earned themselves a position in my regular rotation.

I had the Holy Basil Supreme with chicken, which is what they call Thai Basil Chicken. It was really good- not too sweet or spicy, very garlicy and the flavors balanced well. I got both dinner and breakfast out of one order. Chad had the Pad Thai, which was good, but not the best I've had. He asked for it spicy and it actually was, amazing! We also got some Edamame, which I thought was a little overpriced for the size of the serving. 

When we ordered they said it would take an hour, but it only took about 30 minutes. 

Over all, everything tasted fresh and we'll be exploring more of their menu in the future.
We ordered from here off of Grubhub, since other places were closed on New Years Day. To our delight, the food was great. We ordered Chicken Pad Thai, Shrimp Drunken Noodles, and Crispy Spring Rolls.  No complaints, just good Thai Food! Good portions as well.
I've tried all four Thai options that I know of in Center City, and Erawan is the best in my book! On my arbitrary Thai food point-system: 100 points for quantity of food, 1,000 for flavor (!!!), and 1,000,000 points for knowing how to cook shrimp correctly. I hate to do a straight comparison against other places in the city, but some really messed up on these three important points. I left Erawan completely satiated by the amount of food and very pleased with the quality of the food.

I only shared one appetizer and one entree with my dining partner, but the menu looks wonderful and I can't wait to come back and try more. I think the fact that two adults could share one appetizer and one entree for under $30 and leave satisfied is pretty awesome, so I would say that this is a great weeknight dinner place when you don't feel like firing up the stove yourself. The ambiance was very relaxing and the service was great. I really enjoyed my first visit!
My best friend and I discovered Erawan Thai about six years ago during a summer rain storm when we were starving! We were so pleased with our discovery and loved every minute of it. It is a cozy place and they are so polite that she would often take a book there on a cold night and indulge in some "private time," as she calls it with coconut soup. It is a hidden gem! When my husband and I were renting on Chestnut Street, we would often stop in for a quick, affordable and satisfying meal. Now that we live in the Italian Market area, Erawan Thai will even deliver out there! What a relief! We typically get the pad thai (with chicken or shrimp), but I have tried a bunch of other dishes and have never been disappointed.
Ugh, how does this place have  the same rating as Banana Leaf? Overpriced, boring food, totally unremarkable service. Nothing is spicy enough here, and the flavors and textures are dull. I have NO idea if there are any good Thai restaurants in Philly -- but this certainly isn't one.
i love this place! seriously great thai food and its super affordable. Great for groups and couples. I like that its BYO and the service is on point. yumm.
I don't usually write reviews with a five star rating, but Erawan Thai deserves this wholeheartedly. I had never tried Thai food until this trip, and I have to say: I LOVE IT. I'm an extremely picky eater and have shied away from anything with an excess of veggies my whole life, so finding an exotic eatery that was willing to accommodate such a picky palate was a godsend. 

First and foremost, the exterior is very classy and inviting, The interior is surprisingly bigger and more spacious than you would expect. It's great for large parties as well as for dates. All of the staff was extremely friendly for how busy and hectic it was during dinner rush hour. Without reservation, we were immediately seated. The menu prices are very fair and the portion sizes are very generous. My date and I split the steamed pork dumplings and were very impressed with how quickly the food was presented and the quality. Each of our entrees were large and fresh. It was almost like the noodles were made right before they prepared our dishes. I got the Drunken Noodles sans vegetables plus beef and a spice increase to level two and was more than satisfied. As a self-proclaimed spicy queen, even I was surprised at how spicy a level two out of three spice increase would be. Though tolerable, I probably would stick with level one for comforts sake in the future. My dates Pad Thai was everything he hoped it would be. He managed to finish the dish while I only managed half of mine. I highly recommend a visit here, we will DEFINITELY be returning.

p.s. They offer free delivery within three blocks of the restaurant and they have coupons on their website!
Yum! Reasonably priced Thai food that doesn't disappoint. It's not like award-winning or anything, but it definitely satisfies and won't break the bank. Unless you get delivery ($3 fee!). 

As others have said, the portions are healthy (not in the health sense, but in the size sense), and if you ask them to make it spicy, they actually do! I can't tell you how rare a treat that is.
I agree with Jake's review; Erawan's atmosphere isn't so much what I want.  In addition, their Sum Tom (green papaya salad) is actually made with cabbage instead of papaya-- keep away.

Other entrees are fairly straightforward.  Their peanut sauce is tasty.

Good news: Parking is pretty easy in that neck of the woods.
I haven't written a YELP review for a good while. But I felt compelled to write one for this place. I had a horrible experience at Erawan tonight. My party and I arrived there at 5:30 P.M., ordered, and waited for AN HOUR before we cancelled our order. The table next to us were waiting for 90 minutes and they were on the verge of cancelling as well. Their food came out and the waitress mockingly offered them a 20% discount to cool their anger. When we cancelled our order, we did not get any discounts for the inconvenience that we faced. When we expressed our frustrations to the waitress, she offered a poor explanation that they forgot to write our order down. Such disgrace!
I came to Erawan last weekend with my brother & SIL after they suggested on coming here. They've been here before, and so I had no complaints. Although I didn't use this, a yelp check in gets you a free app/dessert/or salad if you spend $50. 

We came on a late Sunday around 8:30 pm and waited only about 5 mins. The customer service is great as the hostess and waitresses check on you very often. I ordered a Thai Iced tea to start off. Although I love Thai iced Tea and it takes A LOT for me to not like it, this one was okay. It seemed very watered down due to ice or maybe there was ice already in it before. Not sure, but I didn't enjoy it that much. For our entrees, we ordered green curry, Pad Thai, and Drunken Noodles all veggies + tofu. 

Green Curry was really great. Seemed a bit watery to me though. The pad thai and drunken noodles were both tasty, but I didn't like their tofu. It was too soft and I like it when they are either fried a bit or crispy. All in all, it was a good meal but don't plan on returning.
I would definitely say that I have had a lot of Thai food in the past.  This place is literally a few blocks from my apartment and it is certainly my favorite.  The staff is super friendly and the food is always delicious and on point.  I have gone to other thai restaurants in the area and outside of center city and Erawan Thai Cuisine is by far the best I have had and my favorite.

Some of my favorite dishes: 

Coconut Soup (chicken or shrimp)
Vegetarian Dumplings
Green Curry
Pad Thai
Drunken Noodles
Panang Curry 
Salmon with Basil Sauce
Calamari 
Papaya Salad


Have enjoyed other dishes as well, but those are my usual "go-to's"
I eat here or order in quite often and they are consistent in quality of food and service!
I had not been back to Erawan in years - but I remember why.
It's just OK.  Better than 2 stars and not quite 3.

We went out as a group of 6 and eveyone had one of the lunch specials ($7.95 - $11.95 depending on what meat you pick.) It's a good value as you also get a small salad and a choice of app or soup.

I had the Tom Kha (my very favorite soup) and Erawan's version is good but not orgasmic.  The salad is iceberg with a few veggies and a yummy peanut dressing (standard Thai-American restaurant fare).  

The entree is where things went south today.
I got Masaman curry (which I love) and asked for tofu.
The order came out with NO TOFU - none at all.
They forgot to add it.
They were sorry.

Nice man brought cubes of hot steamed (naked) tofu in a bowl and I threw it in.

Rice was over cooked to the point of tasting like congee.

Meanwhile - the staff is kind and attentive.
Prices are cheap.

Food is just OK.

We need a more up-scale Thai joint in this part of the city.
Just moved to the neighborhood...found my new Thai go to restaurant!  I have only ordered delivery so far so that is all I can speak to but man...the food is delicious.  I got the Golden spring rolls, Tom Kha coconut soup and the pineapple Thai fried rice with chicken.  It was all SO GOOD.  Can't wait to dine in!
My first review of this place was only 4 stars because they slapped on a 20% gratuity for a group of 5, but now that I've been there a couple times, I just had to change the rating because they are consistently good. I'm blown away by their $15.95 three course dinner set menu and their consistency time and time again. Everything thus far has been good, and I will go so far as to say that no San Francisco (my hometown) Thai place beats Erawan. Btw, the Vegetable Tofu Soup and the Holy Basil Supreme entree is very yummy. Great place to catch up with old friends, go on a date (low red glowing light), or even by yourself. Service is wonderful each time. Oh, and the sweet sticky rice mango dessert is perfect. I highly recommend this place
It had been a very crazy day, and by the time 6pm rolled around and my bf had come home from work I was in no position to make dinner. He, either out of laziness or seeing an opportunity, suggested take out and we turned to Erawan's menu, which conveniently had been dropped off at our brownstone that day.

We called them and ordered the shrimp fresh thai spring rolls (rice paper with fresh vegetables & vermicelli noodle served with homemade special sauce & crushed peanut), the rama chicken (sautéed chicken with yellow curry powder, chili paste with steamed broccoli glazed with peanut sauce), and the holy basil supreme (sautéed basil leaves mixed with vegetables, tofu, onion, and bell pepper in hot chili sauce). As my bf was finishing up ordering, a look of panic appeared and he mouthed to me, "One hour wait," but at that point, having already ordered everything, we opted to just wait even though we were starving by the time the food arrived (it took a bit longer than an hour).

The food itself was pretty good. The shrimp rolls were the only disappointing dish; it was just too plain tasting, other rolls of that type I've had before have been far better. And the sauces it came with tasted kind of off. But the rama chicken and basil supreme were tasty. The chicken was a bit overcooked, and the tofu was WAAAAY too fried and not the best quality, but the sauces made up for that. Erawan doesn't get 4 stars because the food was late, and by that point a little cold. I'll probably order from them again, especially since there aren't too many Indian places around, and just call at a time when they will probably be less busy.
Try their drunken noodles, best ones around. Also, make sure you tell them how spicy you like it. I have never dined inside here, just take-out. I would get delivery, but they take a ridiculous amount of time. (I live two blocks away and they quoted me an hour and a half. No, thank you.
Everyone that works here is a freakin CHAMP. I had my birthday dinner here last month and totally owe Erawan for saving the day. 

I'm an idiot and waited until the day before my birthday dinner to actually pick a location, and once I realized we had 20ish people coming I started to panic slightly. When I finally decided on Erawan, the hostess reassured me that they do this all the time and that it wouldn't be a problem at all.

Fast-forward to the actual dinner (aka several tables full of loud, obnoxious, drunk-on-cheap-wine adult children) and I was sure they were going to kick us out for being ridiculous, but nope. They handled it with ease and didn't even look pissed off about it (or maybe they did and I was too happy-buzzed to notice). All this while ANOTHER party of 20ish people was sitting right behind our party and still, no complaints.

I've ordered take out from here a bunch as well, and I'm always satisfied by whatever carb-y noodle-y rice-y spicy goodness I order. 

The food is good, the menu is extensive, the prices are cheap, and hello, BYOB is the effin best. 

Thanks again for not killing me and my friends. I'll be back.
My go to Thai place. There curries are authentic, tom yum soup is pretty good. Never disappointed.
We order in from here very often. This is probably one of the best Thai restaurants in center city. Know exactly what you want bc they get impatient on the phone. Delivery takes usually 30-40 mins max anywhere in the city. We love spicy food and they have 3 diff levels of spicy. I recommend the drunken noodles, Tom yum soup, and Hot basil supreme. The drunken noodles (Thai basil noodle) here is one of the best I have ever had. 

Also it is a BYOB if you plan on Dining in.
Erawan Thai is delicious, affordable, and probably one of my favorite lunch destinations. 

Erawan is actually the first place I've tasted Thai cuisine. I've compared it to a handful of other restaurants in the neighborhood and still prefer it. Its kind of a monthly voyage to grab lunch here during work for me. I'd gladly walk across the walnut street bridge in the freezing cold to warm up with their three course lunch special. I prefer to eat in rather than bring it back to work with me, although its the same great taste without the relaxing atmosphere.

Erawan is a good choice  for grabbing a quick Thai lunch. I recommend the drunken noodles, they're totally my favorite.
I feel the need to update this review based on an experience had here last evening.  The service was non-existent.  It took 15 minutes for water and someone to open our wine, 20 minutes to order, 20 more minutes for the soup, and then half of our group of foud were given their entrees and the other two waited 15 minutes for theirs.  Also, one of the late entrees was completely the wrong dish.  When this was brought to their attention they didn't even apologize.  It is one thing to be short staffed and acknowledge that the service is suffering and while I don't expect a fine dining experience at these establishments-- they did not apologize or even recognize that there was a problem with the timing/service.  Also-- portions were incredibly inconsistent.  One of our party got drunken noodles, which are ordered often and are always great but there was 1/3 of the usual size dish.  

I will not be back.
Probably my favorite BYO in Philly!  Great Pad Thai and always a great place to start the night with some friends.
Went with four friends and ate at the restaurant. Service was horrible and it took over an hour for them to bring us our food. Everyone's dish was not impressive, including the ultimate pad thai and the mango chicken. Would not recommend nor come here again
If you look at Yelp, there are 2 different reviews for it.  The other one is Erawan Thai Cuisine (the correct location and name).   Erawan is probably the best Thai food I've had in my life and by far the best I've had in Philadelphia.  The food comes out fresh and in huge portions and the flavor is amazing!  My favorites are the pad see ewe and lad na.  Both have such delicately made noodles and have perfect flavoring!  It's a little pricey for Thai food but its so worth it!  My boyfriend and I order there when we want to spoil ourselves.  Believe me, we've eaten and nearly every Thai restaurant in Philly and nothing beats Erawan! 

Now go check out the other reviews on yelp for the correct restaurant! "Erawan Thai Cuisine"
Went there for a late lunch yesterday. Was not expecting anything but was surprised. The place is cute, the waitress was nice, the food was good. The coconut soup with chicken was flavorful and the chicken in the soup was tasty, the green currie with duck was very good, the duck is prepared just the way I remembered it in Thailand, the drunken noodle is new to me but I like it. We ask the food to be extra hot, and they did not disappoint.

Couple of critiques, the coconut soup needs a little more galingaus, the green currie (and probably the other currie dishes also) needs to be served in a shallow bowl so that the veggie and meat can soak up the currie flavor. 

Overall it is A-OK, especially when it is down the street from us and BYOB. Let's see if they can make a fan out of me.
God bless Erawan.  This modestly sized Thai restaurant allowed me to have a birthday dinner there for 27 guests on a Friday night.  The food was amazing, and the service was friendly and excellent.  They worked with me beforehand to iron out the details of this event, had our huge table ready on time, and didn't rush us out at the end of the night.  It was not easy to find a BYOB place with great prices and great food that would also accommodate a party this large, but Erawan came to the rescue.  Erawan, I will love you forever!  THANK YOU!
3.5 stars.

This place has a really bizarrely basic decor, but the food was good and the prices were right.

The fiery beef salad was delicious and a really large portion compared to what I've had elsewhere.  The chicken thom yum noodle soup was also very good.   My friend had the beef pad see ew, which I thought was also really good.

This is by far not the best Thai place I have been to, but definitely solid so far.
A quick walk from my office at Cira Center or 30th Street Station in a quiet neighborhoods with school children playing. The resto is set in an old house. very very efficient and polite service, Our group of four had the lunch special which was very reasonably priced and a great deal of food. Everything from the soup rolls and entrees was delicious. They will cater events and we will be using them for an upcoming event. Try this wonderful place!!
I was pleasantly surprised about this place! Finally a decent Thai place! :)

I recommend getting the Penang Curry (with chicken). This is always my favorite at any Thai restaurant and this place did not disappoint. The herbs and flavors were very bold but not overwhelming. It came with basil, bell peppers, and broccoli (a little weird) and it was great with rice. The drunken noodles (pad kee mao) was decent but not typical of other restaurants I've tried. Eating the noodles alone tasted pretty typical but it had quite a medley of untypical veggies (snow peas, baby corn, broccoli, bell peppers) which gave it a different taste. I don't think I like this better than the typical way I've had it but it was still a good noodle dish.

Outside, this restaurant doesn't look like it offers much but the decor inside is very cute. The service was great and the place overall was pretty clean. I'll definitely come again :)
As a new Philadelphian I'm always open to trying out the local restaurants and bars. I always passed this place on my morning and evening rush for the bus and each time I passed it I d make a mental note to "check it out sometime"..
Well that time came around when I finally wasn't working (woo hoo) and simply strolling through the neighborhood with my main squeeze. Of course I had to stop in. Lucky for us it was lunch time and they had a great lunch special going on (Between 7.95 and 10.95 for an appetizer, salad and entree!) 
I got the Thai fried rice with Duck..and He got Raspberry Duck with rice (We're fans of Duck)..Both we're delish!..Service was pleasant and quick..The decor is comfortable and cozy and it wasn't busy at all..Will definitely be back :-)
Probably my fave Thai in the city. Why?

- super friendly staff 
- super quick delivery / service
- the spicy chicken salad is so fresh and delicious I want to make out with the chef
- reasonably priced for good portion sizes
- excellent selection
- great option if you're on jury duty ESP as the lunch special is an amazing deal
- one of the nicer places to east in Chinatown (read: not a dive) and it's byo!

In summary, go there and eat great food.

The end.
Ordered from here through caviar and was highly disappointed. My pad Thai lacked flavor and seasoning, the papaya salad was literally the worst I've ever had (warm, wilted, old) and was inedible for my partner and I, the spring rolls and basil and green bean dish were "eh" as well. The most decent of my dishes were the drunken noodle and banana rolls. I will NOT be ordering from here again. I'm new to Thai food but my partner says it's the WORST Thai food he's ever had.
Got takeout yesterday after a delayed hangover and a sudden hankering in the late afternoon for something spicy. $25 for two vegetarian dishes? Well...alright, I guess. I would have ordered from Smile Cafe but they don't open until 5pm on Saturdays.

Holy Basil Supreme with tofu = Drunken Noodles with tofu. The only difference between the two dishes was that the former was almost a soup, and the latter had some wide noodles thrown in. 

The flavors were exactly the same, which was a little disappointing. I'll stick to Smile from now on, where you can get a vegetarian dish the size of your head for $9.95.
My friend took me here because her other friend recommended it to her. The decor in this restaurant is so cute and gives you a very homey atmosphere!! It is BYOB, and the staff is extremely nice. They check up on you frequently but not so much that it is annoying, but rather, helpful. 

I ordered the drunken noodles and my friend ordered the pad Thai. Both of them were very good! They weren't overly salty or oily, and the portions were quite large. The food came in pretty fast and it was delicious. Highly recommend the drunken noodles. Also the place is not expensive, the two noodle dishes and Thai iced tea came out to be ~$30!
This is my favorite Thai place in Pennsylvania. Drunken Noodle is exceptionally amazing! They  also have an awesomely cheap lunch special!
I have never ordered delivery for Erawan.
Erawan has a fun vibe with artistic decor and tasty food at fair prices. This is a fitting restaurant for a meal out with friends or a date - a bit pricier than I'd normally pay for a casual lunch. The Thai food was scrumptious, and the selection was large. We had a big feast, though racked up a decent bill. Overall a nice place for a social meal, next time you're craving Thai.
Worst thai food EVER! Just got my order and it all was terrible. Everything was underwhelming and bland
Got the crispy duckling with spicy basil sauce and it was amazing! A little too spicy but that's my fault bc I asked for medium spicy: level two. Loved the service and would definitely come back soon.
Another update on Erawan!  Last night we were craving Thai very LATE (9:45 pm). We remembered that Erawan was (a) fast and (b) a close walk. We called and put in an order, and even though they technically closed at 10, Patt (the owner) was gracious and said the food would be ready for pick up in 20 minutes.  We arrived a little later than that (oops, my bad!!!), and Patt greeted us at the door to make sure everything was in order.  She couldn't shake hands because her hands were floury - listen to what I'm saying people, the OWNER was cooking at 10 pm on a Friday night!!!  5 stars for service and personal attention, I would go to Erawan again if only to see Patt, much better than impersonal delivery.  

On to the FOOD... 

The vegetarian pad thai with tofu and vegetables was good. Honestly, not great, but good. Lots of veggies, lots of peanuts, lots of tofu, decent flavor. Totally worthy of late night delivery/pick-up. 

But... 

The papaya salad was TO DIE FOR. So fresh and NOT overdressed, and a HUGE portion (seriously, it'll be lunch like half of this week). Still only one shrimp on top, but that's not why you order it, right? Really good. Even the BF was impressed, and he's not a fan of papaya.

And (saving the best for last) the Imperial Golden Bag Appetizer...  oh my god. Amazing flavor and SOOOO crispy. Huge, like 3-4 bites. I got 1 (out of 5), the BF snagged the rest. I'm craving them again already. Have dreams of a lunch of papaya salad and golden bags (which means I'll have to order more!). 

5 stars for personal attention and (mostly) food. Patt, thanks for a *great* meal!
The food here is PHENOMINAL!!! If you want authentic Thai food, this is the place to go! The food quality is great, portions are good, and the flavors are orgasmic. My only complaint is that this place gets super crowded at times and it looks semi uncomfortable to dine during those times (I always get takeout). And the prices could be a little lower. This is my go to place and I would be perfectly happy if this was only Thai place I went to for the rest of my life.
On a side note, if you like outdoor dining, they have a few small tables outside. It's on the corner and in a really nice area
Erawan is my favorite average priced Thai restaurant in the area. Great for eating in or taking out, the food is ALWAYS awesome.
For a busy city dweller with a take out craving for Thai food this always does the trick. 

Fast delivery, food arrives hot, and the royal rama chicken is maybe one of my favorite dishes in the city.

You should get the appetizer sampler - it has all the good stuff on it and can be a meal itself. Red curry is great, and even better as leftovers the next day. One of my favorite things to do is order an extra half-pint of peanut sauce and use in my own cooking later in the week. 

I can order from my iPad in between work emails. City dwelling doesn't get better than this.
Ordered delivery from this location and after waiting for over a hour and a half... the pork drunken noodles came with chicken instead, the papaya salad that was supposed to come with shrimp and had also ordered and paid for an extra skewer of shrimp had ONE shrimp, and the pad Thai with chicken was only noodles and tofu with a few pieces of chicken... will not recommend or ever go back. Tried to contact the location about the order and they were unwilling to fix the order or refund for the meals being incorrect... spent $50 for nothing...
Tasty, big food in a cozy establishment.

Oh, Yelp, you know me well enough by now. Don't you see where this is going?

Erawan is a nice little BYO right at 23rd and Sansom, where there's plenty of parking because no one wants to be more than 1 block away from Rittenhouse Square on a Saturday Night. The place is cozy, but they lay it out so that you won't feel cramped, a surprising feat for a standard row home sized space. We didn't have reservations, but the hostess literally just peeked over her shoulder, separated a table meant for six, and seated us right away. Score!

Anyway, my friend is vegetarian, and we always share food, so that made ordering a bit more interesting - for me, Thai usually includes a good bit of meat. For my friend, nothing ever includes any meat. Quarrel!

Erawan has a pretty good vegetarian selection though, and we had no trouble picking things out. We started with mango salad and vegetarian fried spring rolls. Both were great, especially the mango salad. I like mangoes "al dente," if I can use that term - slightly under ripe so they're not as stringy and a little more tart. Must be a southeast Asian thing, because that's how they do it at Erawan.

For main courses we had eggplant with stir fried vegetables in tamarind pepper sauce, and the vegetarian pad thai. The portions here are pretty big, all said and done. The pad thai is enough for two people, and the eggplant is enough for one really fat person. I suppose what I'm saying is that it's a good thing I had spent the day dancing and not eating.

Very appetizing, and the whole meal came out to around 40 after tip and tax. On an aside, Malbec goes really well with Thai food, in my completely uninformed, non-expert opinion. Then again, I think Malbec goes well with everything.

Pro-tip: We were lucky that we got a seat so quickly. Call ahead for a reservation!
I had to try the place that was runner up for "Best Thai Restaurant".

I ordered some take out from Erawan on a Sunday night. It was pretty packed and busy, but they still had my food ready to go at the promised time.

I got the seafood drunken noodle. It was good. It was like any standard drunken noodle you would get at any decent Thai restuarant, except it was not particularly spicy and it could have used a little more kick. One word of advice, I would not get the seafood version again. The squid was a bit fishy tasting, as if it was not quite fresh.

I got a cabbage salad on the side which was tasty as well. No complaints here. 

Overall I thought the food was a little pricey for what I got. It was good, but didn't blow me away. To explain the best Thai restaurant runner up status, I saw the offer of a $15 gift certificate if you voted. They could persuade me to vote for just $2. 

Still, with the average food, it still hit the spot. I would be curious enough to try the dine in 3 courses meals next time.
I LOOOOOVE this place. The atmosphere is so chill and who doesn't love BYOB?! Make a reservation if you can cause it gets packed easily. The Drunken Noodle & Green Curry Shrimp are my favs!! Great prices and great times here!
My second time here getting take out in 2 years (after bad food the first time) and I'm sorry this restaurant is just NOT good. I got their Ultimate Pad Thai and it has got to be one of the worst Pad Thais I've had in a while. I know how to make an authentic Pad Thai at home but it's just too much of an effort to gather all the ingredients. Erwan's pad Thai lacked a lot of the essential ingredients: no tamarind paste, no fish sauce, no bean sprouts, no Chinese leeks (not event scallions that usually are substituted). The sauce was heavy on the vinegar (a substitute ingredient for tamarind) and the noodles were super mushy! It tasted like generic Asian fusion take out from a mall food court but with crappier ingredients. Two years ago, I got pad see ew or something and remembered it also being unpalatable and mushy with a soy sauce based sauce and a few broccoli heads. I could have sworn I wrote a review for this place back then but maybe Yelp deleted it.

Unfortunately I have yet to find an authentic Thai place in Philly, but for now Thai Singha To Go which is a hole in the wall take out place has a better pad Thai for only $6. Go there instead.

No I cannot comment on the service because I have not dined in before but based on the taste of the food alone, I will not come back. You have to be pretty bad to mess up Pad Thai, the signature Thai dish, as a Thai restaurant!
The food is very bland. For aThai place the pad Thai was not that great or flavorful. And messed up the order.
This place is a pretty decent local Thai option, not the best I've had in the city, but very friendly staff and quick service for take out during the pandemic. An option I would pick for convenience more than anything else!

A lot of the reviews mention the Thai fried rice, which did not disappoint. A pretty good amount of flavor, considering it was not one of the options with curry powder. 

All in all, would definitely recommend for quick local take out, but nothing too crazy or exciting.
Do not waste your hard earned bucks here my friends. Take a trip to cafe vietenne ( in west philly see my review) for really true and delicious thai and vietnamese grub.

Do not order the sticky rice! Sticky rice should be made in a basket not two dishes! It was lackluster and so hard to pry apart I think I have yet to digest it! 

The thai iced was meh. I ordered  chicken with ginger. The vegetables served with it were out of season and a bit blah. 

I stopped in because it's on the way home from my house and thought ths might be a new take-out place for me to frequent. Not so much!

It's also a little pricey compared to other thai places!
Erawan is one of those special restaurants you only find every so often. Food is outstanding - try the green curry, red curry, bamboo delight, and the pad Thai! But it truly is the service that distinguishes here. They always treat us like family. We had my birthday party this year, and the owner had the chef make multiple free desserts for our table!  And you must try their lunch special - three courses for $ 7.95!

Update Dec 2013- I now have to say that this is our favorite restaurant in all of Philadelphia. We just got back from lunch, where the owner treated us to free dessert and gifts for the new year. This is definitely the place you want to go for the most delicious Thai food in Philadelphia, and to be treated like a family member. We love you guys!
The menu includes all you'd expect from a Thai place. Everything I've tried has tasted fine. The prices are a little high for the quantity received and that's the only reason they get 4 and not 5 stars. Seems like a good place to go for weekend dinner (BYOB).
This truly is the best Thai food we've gotten to date in Philadelphia.  To be sure, i'm a bad judge because no matter how much i want to explore, i rarely divert from the red curry, tom ka gai, and sticky rice with mango, but occasionally i branch out.  Certainly i have more adventurous friends, and one, who is a food snob, stated "this is the best pad prik king i have ever eaten," while wiping his brow of the sweat associated with a well spiced Thai meal.  

The red curry has amazing flavor.  It's very brothy, but that's a sign of how much coconut they use.  It's just spicy enough to offer a burn, but not too much that i can't eat it.  The vegetables are *generous* compared to any other place i've been.  

The Tom Ka Gai can't quite compete with Ploy II in San Francisco, or the stuff at the Reading Terminal Market, but it has a nice citrus splash that keeps me interested.  

The fresh spring rolls are delicious.  For my tastes, there is a little too much basil leaf, but the sauces are pretty groovy:  a sweet sour sauce and then a peanut sauce with a hint of tamarind (?) that isn't too rich.  

The vegetarian spring rolls are always a hit, but fried food is rarely a problem...

Once did i explore the fried soft shell crab, and oh my....i would come back for that meal again.  It's just hard to get it as take out.  However, it was a simple breaded and fried with a delicious sweet and sour sauce, and divine!  

Always enjoy a coconut juice or a Thai iced tea/coffee so that you are living the full experience, and finish up with sticky rice and mango.  Both are spot on and exactly what you were thinking (provided the mangoes are in season).

Hooray for everything!
We came on a Saturday night at around 9PM and, fair warning, the restaurant was LOUD! As in loud enough to have to shout at the person sitting across from you to be heard. We had made a reservation and were seated almost immediately, but at a dirty table with no glasses or plates set. We sat there for about 15-20 minutes while the other tables in the restaurant finished up their dinners and celebrations and the place started to calm down a little bit.

Our table shared a veggie and tofu pad see ew and pad thai, tofu and vegetables over rice with brown sauce, and a chicken pad see ew. Overall, the food was amazing. I kept digging in for more and was super satisfied afterwards. Genuinely amazing flavor; we were really impressed.

Price was super reasonable for so much great food. The staff were also attentive. Even during the rush, they kept coming over to us to make sure everything was ok and assure us we would have glasses soon. They even gave us free dessert and sang to us for a birthday celebration at the table. Definitely felt warmed and welcomed by the service here! 

Overall definitely one of the best Thai places in Philly. I would recommend to anyone who doesn't mind a loud environment for great food.
The food is okay but the service is .... not great. Also I think it's overpriced compared to Smile Cafe
Awesome!!!
Some of the tastiest Thai food we have ever had. The Holy Basil Sypreme was to die for.... not at all stingy with the sauce as most Thai places are. The panang curry was solid too. Service was superfast and very courteous...couldn't ask for more.
I can't speak for the service since I haven't eaten in but I have tried a great deal of their menu and the food quality is consistently high across items. I am very satisfied with this place in terms of Thai in America. The red curry, green curry, and the pad see ew are just awesome. 

The very best thing though is that they pack the Thai iced tea to go well. All the to go is packed well and generally prepared within 5 minutes of the time estimate. They have a brisk to go business in part because they are reliable and don't skimp on portions.

I'm not sure if their yelp hours are totally accurate and sometimes they are randomly closed but they are overall a great business that should get more support.
Erawan Thai's interior is cozy. The (potentially faux) flowers, purple napkins, and Enya playing in the background were soothing touches. Erawan, contrary to its name (which means "elephant" in Thai) isn't huge: there's somewhat shy of 20 tables.

The lunch special ($9) includes an appetizer (OR soup) and salad. I ordered the pad ka pow ("Holy Basil Supreme" on the menu) with chicken - basil sauteed with fresh chili, bell peppers, and onions, all in a light garlic sauce. I requested it be super spicy ("make it like they do in Thailand!"), and, after assuring her that I was in fact dead inside, she brought it out. Sadly it wasn't terribly spicy - only reasonably so. Someone else also got the pad ka pow (as regular hot), but we couldn't distinguish the difference between our plates. Portions are appropriate for lunch, not huge.

Service was fine, our water glasses were refilled quickly. Our server (Chu) disappeared mysteriously when it was time to pay the bill, but she probably was willing to let us sit there and chat. I'd say this place is between 3 and 4 stars - I was pleased and will certainly return!
I also have the misfortune of living near Erawan Thai Cuisine and passing by the restaurant every day while walking to work. I've tried the pad thai and the various curries at this restaurant and they are all pretty standard Thai cuisine, but this place constantly has me craving the Erawan Noodles. - Flat noodles sauteed with ground beef/pork topped with generous helpings of basil that you can smell a mile away. Mmm... I can feel the food coma and salt overload already.
I  don't recommend it. I went with a group of friends and no one enjoyed the food. The atmosphere is nice though. I ordered the Tom yum noodle soup and it was just really bad. I ate maybe a quarter of it and couldn't eat the rest. My friends ordered medium heat and it was so spicy they couldn't taste their food.
I should start out by saying that I am fiercely loyal to my BYOB Thai place back home. Ferociously loyal even. Lucky for Ghang Thai though, Erawan's isn't in New York. 

Seriously, hats off to the Philadelphia yelpers, you never failed to disappoint. My friends and I planned a quick weekend trip to Philadelphia this past weekend and your Philly reviews directed us to some quality places. I'm especially glad we knew of their BYOB policy before coming. Needless to say, we came fully prepared. 

The service was great, although I didn't quite get the western theme that the waitresses were dressed up like. Is that usual for this place or was it something special? 

Aside from that, the food was delicious and the ambiance was nice. Needless to say, I'll definitely come back whenever I'm in Philadelphia again.
This was probably the most disorganized meal I've ever had. The wait staff acted like they had never taken an order before. Since this is a BYOB, we brought white wine. It took forever for them to figure out what we meant by an ice bucket. In terms of food, my request for spicy was ignored or forgotten, which is sad because I like hot Thai food. I think that my spicy order was applied to another order at the table that was supposed to be mild. Ow.  The food was barely ok. I tried my spouse's duck and it was limp and oily, not crispy as it should be. Dessert was a fiasco that took fifteen minutes to be served. None of us knew what they put on the table or who ordered what. My coffee was delivered as tea. I took it anyway as I hadn't had any tea for awhile. Flagging down the staff to get the check was a pain and then, to make matters worse, we were asked to leave, which we were doing anyway. It was as if we stayed too long. We would have left at least twenty minutes earlier if it weren't for waiting for the check and dessert!  I also don't think I've been to a restaurant that actively requested that we leave. Very strange experience.  Btw, by the time we walked out, the noise was deafening due to a large party they wedged into the center of the already cramped dining room.
Some of the best thai in the area! They are fast and have a tasty assortment of food to try. I recommend the green curry, pad thai, and pineapple chicken.
I love that there is a Thai place in this area, however I have been recently disappointed.  

We ordered Pineapple Fried Rice, and there weren't any pineapples!  In their defense, it WAS good, even without the title ingredient.  Maybe it was a miscommunication.  Maybe it's my mistake and it's just flavored. It's great, nonetheless, for quick take out Thai, but the prices are a little higher than I think they should be.  I like the yellow curry, but don't have much love for the broccoli and chicken dish.

The staff are friendly and accommodating.  I actually don't mind the decor, solely because it has all the elements of a bona fide authentic Thai restaurant.  If there weren't something gold in the room, I'd have been skeptical.
For $15, I had a three course set meal which started off with homemade veggie dumplings, followed by a veggie/tofu soup, and finally the holy basil supreme (beef and tofu). It was flavorful and delicious at a great price! The place is very quaint, clean, and serene (well, when I went in the evening). The atmosphere is very romantic, and although I went with a group of 5, it was good for a group as well! The one thing I will note that I did not quite expect was that the restaurant automatically charged our group a 20% tip versus 18% for our group of 5. Interesting. However, the food and atmosphere is great.
I usually order basil fried rice with chicken, which is delicious.  But, last night after reading some reviews I decided to go for holy basil supreme with shrimp.  It was fantastic, and perfectly spiced.  I should have ordered the mango juice, as it would have been a great accompaniment.  Fast delivery.
Erawan seems to be a consistent favorite among my friends. I've visited a few times since moving to Philly and expect many more visits to come. Price is a little high for everyday take out, but fine for a sit down meal with authentic food.

Chicken basil fried rice: probably my least favorite. It came extremely moist, which I am not really used to for chicken basil fried rice, or just fried rice for that matter.

Golden eggplant: done well, standard Thai sweet basil flavor. 

Drunken chicken noodle: also delicious, mildly spicy with the standard Thai sweet flavor.

Accommodating to large groups, and plenty of choices for vegetarians. Curries can be made without fish sauce and hoisin sauce upon request.

Three stars for large servings. Stars deducted  for slightly pricey dishes and slow service.
My party of 3 was never served our entrées. Upon arrival our waitress took down our order and quickly brought our beverages. However, things quickly made a turn for the worst as my party waited an hour without our order or an explanation. Multiple customers, who arrived after my party, were served their meals first. When inquiring, a different waitress explained that our orders were never put in. We kindly paid for our drinks and left without a single apology.
Always love this place. Have only eaten inside the cute awesome place once or twice but it is one of our go to delivery places. I have never had a bad meal here and love the steamed sea bass, curries, crab rangoon, hot & sour soup, fresh thai rolls, eggplant, you name it. Everything always arrives on time and at the right temperature. They also have fun lunch specials to check out and outdoor seating if you go in person. I think it is the oldest thai restaurant in the city. One note of caution there is only one of them so other folks with the name are not the same! I found this out the hard way when I ordered from a wrong one and well I was not happy about it.
