OBSCENE  not essene. The prices are outrageous, especially for produce, and especially when it's not guaranteed to be good all the way through. A $4 bruised pear!!! What?!? I curiously wondered out loud if there's a discount to damaged goods. Nope. And do they happily take back their item after purchase? Not when I tried. 

Often times I rummage and see things past their shelf life. Cheese, yogurts... No discount given when I see a yogurt expiring the next day. Go to WholeFoods and you find that same yogurt at $3 cheaper and an expiration of at least 1 month later. 

I find expired items all the time. Makes me wonder how much they actually throw away and how many people are turned off by the prices, or else neighbors rich enough not to care, or desperate enough not to make the walk 7 more blocks to Whole Foods. 
With those 2 factors of wasted product and less shoppers no wonder the price is high.  Forget convenience, seriously drop the prices and maybe you might have more traffic and less expired foods!
Went to Essene today to find out there is a new chef and s/he thought it was a good idea to take a formerly delicious vegetarian/vegan hot bar and put fish in it. 

There are signs available that say contain fish, dairy, eggs in small letters. Take down the big wooden sign that says you serve only vegetarian food ASAP. Take it off your web site. It's false advertising. I had a terrible stomach ache on Monday after eating your food and now I know why. I don't recall any signs that said fish was in the food, but I know they still today have the contradictory huge wooden vegetarian sign up!!

When we told the very nice woman at the counter that we could not eat the food she took it away quickly without an issue and was very apologetic. Maybe she didn't want to interrupt me and my friend, but someone should be actively telling people. A ton of your long time clients do not eat animals and loved that they didn't ever have to question dining at your cafe. Oddly, she said she was trying to figure it out if we were veg. Maybe I should lose 30 lbs and wear tie dye mandala shirts so I don't get fed fish anymore hah, ugh. Can't go by that, just please start telling people when you greet them so they don't get sick/angry.

For years I've always go out of my way to shop at Essene instead of whole foods or other grocers. I could have gotten stuff cheaper elsewhere, but this store WAS special and I wanted to support it. The vibe/staff has been weird for a few months and after reading the other reviews I see why...

Management: I wrote you an email a few weeks back praising your new cuisine. I'm very sad that I have to take it back and won't be supporting your business anymore.
What once was a glorious  all Vegan food bar now has signs, " may contain, fish, wheat, or dairy." Nope, nope, nope.
I may not look like I belong here (with my Prada's and all), but I think my alter-ego is an Earth-loving, Birkenstock-wearing, rice milk drinking zen master. So when I can tap into my inner-womyn, Essene is the place for me.

On a chilly winter night, which starts at 5pm these days, my friends and I took a drive over to Essene in search of homemade soup. We were delighted to find a hot bar (à la Whole Foods) filled with raw, vegan, and organic options. Just as much as I love meat, I love vegetables, so I was thrilled to find a stir-fried veggie selection. 

It's like the mini-me version of Whole Foods. This small and important grocery feels a vintage Raleigh compared to the souped up but made to look basic Whole Food's fixed gear.
Oh, hell no.

For years, I have loved Essene's old-skool hippie veg buffet. I loved their millet cakes (seriously, I would walk out of my way to eat freakin millet) and the seitan and hearty steamed kale. I loved the wholesome but still sweet hippie spelt cakes. Everything was vegan. Then dairy crept in but it was clearly marked and not in most dishes. 

I hadn't been to Essene in a few years due to my living in West Philly and now Mount Airy. When in South Philly, I usually hit up Blackbird or Grindcore House. But today I wanted to check out an old fave.

I saw the recent bad Yelp reviews about the new chef and fish and still went. I am admittedly writing this review without having eaten a bite, a first. But I couldn't eat anything, not even veggies, because 95% of the dishes had fish sauce in them (it was, at least, clearly marked). Even dishes that would not be enhanced by fish sauce and were otherwise vegan just randomly had it. I thought the reviews about fish meant they were serving actual fish flesh and going paleo (ugh) but it's just gluten and soy with fish sauce. Really wtf???? 

Just as baffling and sad, the buffet itself was pretty bare, with old looking food sitting around in nearly empty pans. And I was just there at the height of dinner time.

I put down my kombucha and spelt muffin and walked out. It's very sad that such a unique spot has settled for a confusing, uninspired and, more importantly, unethical menu.

Essene management: please listen to these Yelp reviews and once loyal customers. Updating your menu is fine. Things change. But this is just pitiful.
Essene is everything I've ever wanted in a grocery store. 

Judging from what I know about macrobiotics (I read a book about it a long time ago) there is a hot macrobiotic buffet bar (I hope that I am right in that assessment of telling you that this is a for real macrobiotic buffet bar) (If I'm wrong, it's damn near close to being macrobiotic...like, now I'm wondering if I've ever noticed eggplant involved in the selection). The bottom line being: it's delicious, healthy and almost vegan.

There is a really good juice bar that includes wheat grass shots!!!

Now we're getting random about my love for Essene: I love the variety of sugars; there is more than one kind of of coconut sugar to choose from! The only meat I have seen is fish and it's in it's own separate freezer. I love the demo people by the door -- there always seems to be a demo person giving out samples of fun things like vegan fudge. I enjoy eavesdropping on other patron's early dinner convos on Sunday early evenings in the Cafe. 

They have their own tofu tub. They have raw, vegan egg salad. There are bulk nuts and seeds. The produce is always a beautiful rainbow assortment of seasonal goodness, shooting towards the bulk nuts and seeds. They have Metropolitan Bakery bread. They make and sell something in the bakery called "Energy Balls". I can buy my cat a whole lotta grain-free food. SO MANY DIFFERENT KINDS OF NOODLES.  The personal care and beauty section is not to be missed. Kombucha selection. Aesthetically-pleasing humidifiers. Want. 

I once wrote anonymously to them my wish to carry "Nacho Mom's Vegan Queso" because I felt that I could tell them this. The cat is out of the bag!!!

Generally, there is stuff here that I didn't even know that I wanted. And it's all either green, holistic, organic, vegan, raw and always tasting good. This is a [sometimes pricey, but] great alternative to forking over all of your grocery money to Whole Foods, but one could definitely argue the point that it all costs about the same. 

Essene is everything I've ever wanted in a grocery store. The End.
Under new owner/management, same people as Palm Tree Markets. Used to love this place, have been going here for over 10 years. They recently fired their manager and all their long-time employees due to "renovations," to open an Asian themed food bar, encouraging them to re-apply afterwards (!?), appalling, will boycott. Too expensive anyway, glorified bodega.
I am so saddened to go into our beloved VEGAN haven to find egg added into dishes at the buffet, bacon for sale and then I was told meat will be added to the buffet as well. AWFUL! All the familiar faces in the kitchen and juice bar are no longer there. WHY WOULD ANYONE CHANGE THE AMAZING FOOD AND BEAUTIFUL ATMOSPHERE OF ESSENE?! Sad and disappointed. Today was my last visit there and I left empty handed.
There is absolutely no reason to shop here. Every single item is grossly overpriced. If you're one of those people (like me) for whom Whole Foods or Trader Joe's is a luxury you budget for because you can't live without, you will laugh your way out the door at this place.

I've walked past numerous times and today I decided to finally go in. It's a beautiful store! As I walked through, I was utterly agog at their audacity in pricing. You know how sometimes you'll be in a drugstore and see something - say, a pizza - that's priced at $8.99?...and you think to yourself "What?! They have that at ACME for $5.99!" That sums up Essene in a nutshell.

I cannot stress enough the lack of exaggeration in my review. There is absolutely, positively nothing in this store worth paying their asking price for. Also, the description here on Yelp that this place has a 'hipster vibe' is an understatement. If the tattooed 20-something staff exuded any more aloofness you could spread it on a whole grain organic cracker.

This place makes me miss the chef's market that used to be open to the public on South Street. I used to get bundles of organic parsley there for 59 cents each. At Essene they're $1.99. I think that says it all.
I'm with the others who are pining for the former Essene.  There was nothing like it!  The cafe selection of fresh and wholesome low sodium and all natural food has been replaced by bibimbop, which doesn't keep well in a buffet to begin with, and has ingredients like fish sauce and corn syrup?  There are several places to get great made to order bibimbop in this area, I certainly wouldn't pay high buffet salad bar prices for it, just to make it myself with dried up eggs in specially designated plastic containers nonetheless.  Nothing about that has anything to do with Essene. 
I also dislike the large deli meat section that has taken over the fridge case.  
I loved Essene the way it was, I wish they would bring back the old menu and philosophy behind their food.  I'm worried overtime more of it will disappear...
Please bring back the healthy and delicious vegetarian buffet!
Note: I grew up in California, so have shopped at DOZENS of health food shops. Ok, now, for my review.

Very good selection, but they lose stars because:

The first time I walked in there, a cashier loudly asked me "HI! Did you just get done having your hair done next door?!??!"  I was perplexed that she would ask me that, especially since I  had never met her before and I was unaware of any hair shoppe next door.  So I replied to her with "No, I am here to buy food" and her eyes suddenly looked as if they were going to pop out of her head and her jaw dropped open.   This was very awkward to me and I walked away.   I did my shopping and the same, strange girl checked me out, and she was very smug towards me.  Soooooo, I did not return for another six months due to the awkwardness.

The next time I went there, I casually mentioned to the manager that I had initially (when I first moved to Philadelphia)  had a hard time finding them because of their small (low) internet presence.  He said to me:  "We Don't WANT people from the internet shopping here!!"   and he  abruptly walked away.  I had just finished checking out with a cashier, so I left with my groceries.  So, I waited another 6 months before going back, because of his rudeness.

The next time I came back, I went to their cafe.  The lunch was very bland.  Also, I was about to order a wheatgrass juice, but the person behind the counter had such and attitude, that I instead drank water.   

With the prices they charge, they really need to work on preparing foods with flavor and the rudeness of their workers has got to go.   I would give them two stars, but the employees who work in the health and beauty department are friendly.

I live in Fishtown, and I really wish that someone would open up a proper health food shop/cafe/juice bar in or near my neighborhood.
Essene used to be one of my favorite places to get vegan hot bar food, baked goods or other high quality Vegetables/ingredients. New owners took over recently. It is no longer a "vegan paradise" as one five star reviewer stated. They do have many of the same items as before But they also have piles of BOARS HEAD BACON where the hummus used to be. The hot bar is no longer vegan. Instead of paper sacks , if needed, they give out hideous, heavy plastic bags. I do not feel bad about going to Whole Foods anymore. Goodbye, Essene. And to be clear: it was the bacon that was the tipping point.
The soups in the cafe are delicious.  That said, the rest of the store is overpriced.  I agree with the other reviews that say they are prohibitive.  Many of the products can be found at Trader Joe's for much less. The stuff that you can't find at Trader Joe's are unique items that should not be only for those with lots of disposable income.  $10 for a takeout lunch from the refrigerator section is ridiculous.  

But they do have a nice selection of fresh, quality foods.
I wish I could give this place less than one star. I came here excited that a juice bar was so close to my work! I ordered the solar flare juice and asked for Apple instead of carrot. immediately I was told I had to pay $1 extra to swap apple for carrot which made no sense to me whatsoever but I complied without complaining. Once I got my drink I was extremely dissatisfied with it. all I could taste was ginger. I asked if it was possible it could get re made with less and I was given a ridiculous amount of attitude. the 2 girls working made me feel like a burden and not a customer. I will never come back here
I just went to cook my sweet brown rice for a meal today. When I filled up my pot to wash the rice what did I see? Worms/larvae floating to the top. Not just one or two either but many. I've shopped at the store for over ten years. How disappointing I am and quite angry initially. I feed my 5 year old daughters this food. I tried to give excuses why I see food that should be refrigerated sitting off to the side in an aisles as a shop. They must be busy and it's going to be taken care of soon right? This place is becoming more disgusting by the week. Don't even get me started with the prepared food which I did give a fair chance. Please be careful in this place and don't take anything for granted. The new owners are obviously not informed about regulations and codes.
I find all my macro stuff here. This is perfect for me because this is how I eat and live. They have perfect items that I live by not just food it's my go to place. It's amazing because I already know what everything is and it's kinda my thing for the past 2 decades. Not everything is healthy in here, but that's like all places. Balance your life and body and eat things that bring you closer to the elements of the earth. It actually makes you understand life better and how things work which open up other things.
It's been 5 years since I reviewed Essene Market & Cafe, although I've visited many times since. After a few recent visits I thought it was time to update my review.

The market itself seems largely unchanged, although they now offer plastic grocery bags at checkout. I appreciate this because I reuse them for my small waste bin. The bags are also biodegradable, which is really nice and rare to find. I never liked the small paper lunch bags they used to use, which I couldn't reuse.

But the cafe itself has taken a turn for the worse. What used to a vegetarian and nearly all vegan buffet has been replaced by one with fish or egg in nearly every selection. There's a distinct Asian theme; the few things I was able to try seemingly cooked in soy sauce and toasted sesame oil.

What I tried was good: warm non-fried spicy tofu - better than the previous fried cold stuff - and assorted warmed veggies. But by the time I sat down, everything was lukewarm at best. Even the soup which I expected to be piping hot was barely warm. A bummer on this cold Friday evening.

Speaking of, it was dinner time on a Friday (7ish) and there was only one other table occupied in the cafe, who shortly thereafter left, leaving only me.

On the plus side, the price-per-pound seems to have gone down ($7.99/lb), the cashier Kiera was really nice, and frankly, I did appreciate the peace and quiet while eating and reading.

I'd still recommend supporting Essene Market & Cafe over the madness that is Whole Foods Market & Cafe, but if you're vegetarian or vegan like me, just remember to read the signs at the hot bar because most say "contains fish" or "contains egg" (or both.) Perhaps the more they see that the veg stuff is selling over the non-veg stuff, they will revisit the menu.
I came in here this weekend and spent $66 on a bag of snack food (mostly). Now, hear me out.

I have food issues. Major ones. I follow a special diet for health reasons and it requires me to avoid foods that contain high amounts of fermentable sugars. This includes almost everything in the world that's delicious including wheat, dairy, most fruits and veggies even garlic and onion, beans, mushrooms, and all manner of other wonderful things. Finding snack food that does not contain any of these things is... challenging to say the least, infuriating at times even.

After a very disappointing stop at the new gluten-free baker (all their stuff has honey, which I can't have, and it turns out their primary flour is also verboten to me), I came here with the intent to purchase any and every snacky item that I could have and try them all to see what's worth coming back for. This took me forever because I read every single label twice before anything goes in my cart and their selection is just that fantastic.

Almond milk pudding cups!!! Numerous kinds of rice chips, several types of granola bars, GF pecan pie, the list goes on and on. I bought a few responsible things like puffed millet and rice syrup with which to make some rice crispie treat type things, and some interesting looking kelp noodles to try, and some GF frozen items like pizza crusts. 

Words cannot describe my happiness. So far everything has been delicious, from the raw vegan mint chocolate tart (SO GOOD), to the pecan pie, to the pudding cups. OMG those pudding cups are out of control. Oh, the vegan chedder-style cheese I tried wasn't great, I like Daiya or Rice Dream much better.

Sure, it's a bit pricey. I wouldn't come here for anything but my special-needs food items, but if you are one of those people who needs nutritious alternatives to typical foods, this is your place.
Essene is where I go to feel virtuous, which is, after all, a loosely held relative of smug. It is here where:

* I imagine i'm a vegetarian or vegan, without taking on the stress of actually being one

* I acquire bath and beauty products that are more natural, pure, and socioeconomically valid than the ones you probably use

* I spoon through the prepared foods section, which has featured, among other items, entire heads of steamed cauliflower straining under baths of broth-like curry

In other words, I love it here.

I love that unlike Whole Foods, Essene really IS about whole foods. It's clear the people running this place care deeply about what they're doing and they run an extremely pleasant operation.

Allow me to recommend:

Raw milk in glass jugs (so good!)
Greens (all kinds - they're wonderful here - local, really fresh)
Red grapes are outstanding right now, as is their fresh mango - slice, add lime
Michele's Tofu Tahini & Carrot spread (makes a great wrap - recipe below)
Local Feta (outstanding) 
Boxed cereals (all high quality, good variety)
Bath and body (very large section, includes Dr. Hauschka, a must if you want to be as delicious as me)
Whole grain breads
Hot food area and juice bar (for me personally the prepared foods are hit or miss. they tend to be super-saucy. but it's "clean" and often macrobiotic and sometimes you just need to eat something that's going to de-junk your system. the juices are phenom.)
The wailing wall of business cards, newsletters and such
The sushi (includes some fish, and of course, brown rice)
The awesome employees

I might avoid:
Unpackaged granola in bins (I want to love it, but the two kinds I got were both stale)
Vegan desserts (tried many, hate them all - however, for those who need wheat-free, rice syrup dung blocks, etc etc, this is the motherlode)

I remain curious about:
Classes
Grind your own peanut butter
The vitamin and supplement wall

I find myself irked:
Any time there's someone in front trying to get me to taste and buy stuff I don't want. Yesterday it was giant canisters of protein powder (or at least it looked like protein powder.)

**AS PROMISED**
Recipe: "Dan F.'s Virtue Wrap"

Warm tortilla directly on gas burner flame, a few seconds on both sides. Dollop on Michele's tofu tahini & carrot spread. Add feta, shredded raw beet (for a wrap, i prefer chioggia for its milder/more delicate flavor with less liquid; go with red if you want more), thinly sliced red onion, cucumber, alfalfa sprouts, and the key: fry up and crumble on some fakin bacon. Fold, roll, eat, then smirk because at least for today, you're not some cheesesteak eating slob. You breathe finer air.
Once I came to Essene to buy cauliflower. IT COST ME $13.

I tell people the story of my $13 cauliflower. They ask, 

Did it cook itself?
Was it the most amazing cauliflower you ever ate?
Did it give you special powers?

Admittedly, it was a large head of cauliflower. But $13?! Now when I come into the market, I scurry through the produce section, hoping the broccoli doesn't grow arms and grab me.

Essene does offer a great selection of bulk dry goods and weird stuff you won't find elsewhere, like quinoa pasta, rice sweetener, and hemp milk ice cream. It's all flipping expensive, but unlike Whole Foods, Essene is a small business so you feel good about spending half your paycheck on a bar of fair trade vegan all-natural fortified with coconut essence 85% chocolate.

Be sure to check out the vast selection of vitamins, supplements, and beauty products. They also sell vegan shoes and stainless steel lunch containers and all sort of things that make you feel fuzzy about the earth and life.

I'm only slightly making fun. I'm addicted to their lip balm selection.
While I love supporting local businesses and it's nice to have an alternative to Whole Foods, I find this place lacking on quality and freshness. I got a pre-made vegan sandwich from here before and was not impressed considering the steep price - very dry and lackluster. A lot of the produce is bruised and slightly wilted. They also don't carry staples like baguettes.

It's okay if you just need to stop in to grab a few items, but you'll find better quality and prices a few blocks farther down South Street at Whole Foods.
Sometimes on a whim I'll take a pal in to show em the twenty-two dollar sauerkraut. It's there in the refrigerated section. It gives me the opportunity to say, "Saurkraut's still made outta cabbage, ain't it?" 

I'm not telling you that everything's over-priced at Essene, though. I just had to mention that craziness. I really should call my pops and tell him about it. The price of things these days. "Highway robbery!!!" might get yelled. 

 Most of the prices are what you'd expect from most natural food stores. Essene really is a great little place. I always find what I'm looking for, whether it's bamboo dish cloths or spelt somethin or other. I've also made mention before of my penchant for all natural junk foods. The produce always looks in top form, I should add. It's a dainty little section but it all looks fresh fresh. All these things and more... 

I think I want a real dope juicer. Like a really good one. Yeah. I gawk at em in Essene. I'm also a fool for all-natural good smelling products, and herbs and vitamins, hippie remedies and all that. I'm one of those. Essene comes through. Never tried any of the cafe food there, but I expect one of these days I will. 

I'm telling you, I'm some kinda nerd who could just browse the aisles there for fun.
I WANT to like this place. I really, really do, but I have been disappointed every time I go in. I live very close by and it's really nice to have a place to go to when you're in a pinch in the middle of a recipe and realize you forgot something. However, many items are very overpriced. Also, they don't carry things I thought for SURE they would have. I wanted to get some whole wheat buns. They have to have that, right?? I mean, they sell veggie burger patties, wouldn't they have buns to go with it? No, they only have loaves of bread. Perhaps I was missing something, but no one there is particularly interested in helping customers. Every time I go, I say "I'm never going back there!" But of course, I find myself going back and giving them another chance and another chance. The strength of this place is that it is the only grocery store in the immediate area. For that reason, I'm very happy to have this in the neighborhood. I would never do an actual shopping trip here. I would end up spending 2 to 3 times as much there as I would elsewhere. I was behind a man in line who paid $100 for a couple boxes of veggie patties and some produce. I couldn't believe it when they told him his total! Overall, I don't think this is a terrible place, I just wish the prices were a little reasonable and they carried more things. I've often stopped in here to find something and then had to walk to whole foods when they didn't have it. So I often wonder, what's the point?
I find that the negative reviews for Essene are quite unfair and so feel compelled to write my own review. If you are coming here to buy items like cauliflower and pizza, then you appear to have a flawed understanding of why Essene is a valuable place. Don't come here to buy things that you can get elsewhere. Come here to buy the things that you can't get just anywhere --- like local raw honey, Fresh Wave candles, those magnificent raw vegan chocolate tarts, a wide selection of lunch containers and non-toxic food storage items, and organic unbleached lady care products (to name just a few things that I like). Even Whole Foods doesn't sell local, raw honey. I find some of the prices to be quite reasonable, actually, or at least just the same that they are everywhere else. If I have the choice of buying an item at Essene or WF, I will pick Essene any day of the week. And I , for one, find the vibe and atmosphere to be quite friendly. Perfect lighting. Amicable cashiers that aren't trained to be hokey and irritating a la WF. 

Quite frankly, if you're going to complain about the price of cauliflower, just go buy it somewhere else. And if you're looking to buy pizza at a health food store, then you have delusions about what health food is and probably shouldn't even be there. I'm so fed up of all of the nice businesses that I like getting closed down because most Philadelphians are average people with bad taste, and it's becoming clear to me that I need to support the businesses that add value to my life. So that's why I wrote this review, because Essene is great, and I'm happy that it's there!
I went to Essene on Sunday and spent $170 mostly on bulk goods to stock up and got jars from ikea to keep it in. On closer inspection that night a shitload of it is conveniently premoldy. Kidney beans, chickpeas, figs, golden flax seeds, and that's just what I could tell from looking at it. I'm returning all the bulk I got from there and never buying from them again, they obviously top off the old stuff with the new and everything is thus contaminated. I called and talked to a manager to alert them that things were moldy and she sounded very unimpressed and just told me to bring it back with my receipt to return. Believe me, i will be returning everything i bought there that wasnt presealed. I am super paranoid now at any of their stuff. And all this at prices that aren't much better than Whole Foods. God knows if they ever clean anything there, sooo disgusting. Decent selection, but I certainly will never, ever shop there again.
Essene has needed investment and reinvention for many years. It could be a fantastic market with a street side cafe, coffee bar, and outdoor seating. The market was sold a few years back and I hoped the new owners would breathe new life into the place. Not much changed, but at least the quality of the food on the cold/hot bar was maintained. Now the market is again under new ownership and the plan in place is obvious: Soy Sauce Seasoned Asian Food Bar. There used to be a variety of vegetarian options - Asian, Indian, vegetable lasagna, yummy casseroles and seitan stews. I may be glorifying it a bit, but I don't remember walking away disappointed. What did I find today? Fried food, rubbery looking fried eggs, soggy vegetables, and hardly anything raw. There wasn't even a lettuce or leafy green to be found. The kimchi was so salty that it was inedible for me.

It's really unfortunate.  An owner with vision could make Essene amazing...
This is the closest 'walkable' grocery store in the queens village area, which has many produce options. Simply put: Essene is pricey. Before you know it, those two onions, 4 tomatoes and carton of eggs you grabbed-ends up costing you $20. The upside? Things are fresh, plentiful, look actually organic, and well organized. You feel like you're in a baby private-sector of Whole Foods. Most shelf items are organic/vegan brand names. You won't find things like dawn soap but will find brands similar to 7th Gen. There's a hot bar, which I have yet to try; so I can't comment on that. I like it here. Just not realistic and not all the time. Fyi: 2nd and South St will be opening an Heirloom Giant grocery store in the next 6 months or so. Much needed for this area.
Given the choice, I'll take a cheeseburger and fries over seitan and soy any day, but despite this fact, I have a soft spot for health food stores. Maybe because it reminds me of my days as a vegetarian, Grateful Dead-loving, pachouli-wearing hippie. Perhaps it gives me hope that I can change my ways and learn to love the greens again. Or maybe I just inhaled one too many times. Whatever the reason, and ignoring the fact that I don't cook (thank you for feeding me, husband), I can still be convinced to pay $5 for a bag of natural cookies or $4 for a bottle of juice because they're healthy. 

I echo the sentiments of the other reviewers that it's expensive to shop here, and I particularly like Nate F's thoughts on socioeconomics and the availability of natural food. I go out of my way to support small businesses and applaud Essene's presence in the neighborhood. But what's with the crazy selection of bottled water? Seriously, there were like 20 different types to choose from. Not exactly the most environmentally friendly products to stock up on (unless there is a zombie epidemic - then that Poland Spring I bought two years ago will really come in handy). And the staff needs to lighten up a bit - it won't kill you guys to crack a smile. I promise it won't hurt your hardcore healthy street cred to be friendlier. Maybe they just need a hug (or a nice, juicy steak)?
This place is pretty pricey, but it's got some amazing finds.  For instance, this is the only place in the city that sells Hemp Bagels, which I obsess over like they are narcotics. For various health reasons, I'm not supposed to load up on simple carbs as that makes my body load up on the lbs (even more than most) Naturally, bagels are my favorite!! Moving back to Philadelphia from NY was an easy way of avoiding bagels, like why bother? but bagels have always been special to me even before I ever called myself a Nyer. 

Trying Hemp bagels was like a revelation:) They are tasty and delicious and made with out preservatives and have a whopping 20 grams of protein! Now I can get my bagel fix and I don't have to feel bad about it! HOORAH!
 
I buy a few other things at Essene, but my other new favorite thing to buy here is Good Karma, Rice Divine, Carrot Cake-flavored ice cream.  Whole Foods sells the brand, but I haven't seen this flavor there.  I recently found myself in a perfectly normal dinner conversation and suddenly bringing this up.  I'm told my whole face changes when I talk about it.  It's embarrassing, sure, but it's what I have going for me right now--give a girl a break:)
Was driving to the city today, on Christmas eve to shop for the night. Called Essene to ask if the meters were free. John, one of the managers was so mean. "How should I know" with total nastiness. I told him to be nice please. He said, "sorry for the mix up". Called Whole Foods. Asked the same question. She said, " I'm not sure, want me to google it for you".  So I called John back at Essene to tell him how nice Whole Foods was and that meters are free on Christmas Eve after 1. In the middle of my sentence he hung up on me. Of course I spent 150$ at Whole foods.
I only duck in here when I am in the neighborhood, which is not often.  But I have made special trips for shampoos they carry that Whole Foods does not.  Their beauty section is pretty extensive.  The workers seem friendly.  The bathroom is gross.  But the rest of the place seems clean.

Hurray for small, independently owned health food stores.  They are a rarity these days.   This place is old school veggie, vegan, macro-food the likes of which I don't eat, but still appreciate is available for those who do.  Most health food stores these days are less about healthy and more about marketing overpriced packaged condiments with cute Etsy type packaging.  Not the case here.
You guys.  You don't know me like that, so I have a confession to make.  Deep down...I'm kind of a crunchy ass hippie.  Like, I fantasize about vegetarian co-ops (what up, Rainbow Grocery!).  So, in this meat and cheeze addled town, Essene is a welcome respite.  I love cruising the aisles of healthy people food, reaching out to veggie sandwiches.  And the hot bar.  Ohh, the hot bar.  So many delicious vegetable creature dishes.  I can't remember which ones I've had just now, but I imagine that they involve leafy greens.  Aaand there's a cute area to eat inside.  Aaand their staff is generally adorable and/or comforting in appearance.

Yes, it's expensive and I can't really afford to buy much there, but just knowing that's there's a whole refrigerator full of raw prepared food out there makes some days worth enduring.  

Also...I really enjoy mock chicken salad, and they have no less than five kinds.  Nom nom nom.
This place has saved me for 3 years running when I have been on the Daniel fast (no meats, no sweets, no dairy) with a fairly well stocked and delicious options that made fasting much easier (and more tasty). 

If you are coming to shop here be prepared to spend some money as this store is not cheap by any means. However if organic, locally grown, natural products are your thing and you are in queen village, this is the place for you.

PROS:
- helpful, friendly, knowledgable staff
- really good prepared food section
- cafe section in the back of the market is ALWAYS clean
- the desserts are incredible
- an amazing organic health and beauty department

CONS:
- on the expensive side for basic things (juice, milk, etc)
- have experienced the occasional purchase of items that were either spoiled or past the expiration dates
- for an organic, locally grown, etc specialty store, they don't carry a few more popular organic brands

TIPS:
-come prepared to spend money as Essene rarely has sales and natural foods and products can be very pricy.
-Make sure you read every label for expiration. My boss and I have both experienced bringing something home from Essene that was past the expiration date. No bueno.
I was a mother with a baby vomiting and having diarrhea.  I wanted to make him chicken soup, my office is on 4th so the word "Market" caught my eye driving home to him. Went in and stopped one of the staff and asked where their poultry section was.  He sarcastically took his time to tell me they did not have a poultry section, ( mean while my 15 month old is getting more dehydrated by the second)!
What is with the rude sarcastic attitude!  No where are there any large signs stating vegetarian!  A simple no would have  sufficed!
Dear Staff person,
Thank you for reminding me that kindness and consideration is a rarity in this city and that the next time someone is exceptionally kind and caring I will validate them and encourage them to keep spreading that love.  I hope you all the best and hope that you gain meaning and peace in your life.
I love this store for what they represent, as much as for what they sell.  It's a long-time local business that really strives to provide great customer service & products to the macro, vegan & community in general.  

I get that people complain about the prices, but small stores like this just don't have the purchasing power of their competitors.  And although I don't shop here as much as I'd like these days, it's always nice to step inside their doors & see some of the same faces from the early 90s & prob earlier.  

Great vitamin & beauty department here.  I also like the fresh juicebar a lot.   Pressed to order, yum!
Allergy folks beware!

  I used to shop at Essene often due to my gluten allergy. While shopping this past weekend I was offered a free sample of a gluten free cookie, from a table advertising a variety of gluten free cookies.  I took and ate one, after which I went to ask the sales person where I could buy some.  It turns out that the cookie was NOT gluten free and was confined to my house for the rest of the day due to my allergic reaction.

I would have been mollified if I had received any sort of appropriate response/apology from the company.  I alerted the manager who just acknowledged my complaint and walked away, and received NO response from alerting the company online via their online contact form.  I was appalled at the ineptitude of the staff to handle this issue and strongly caution anyone with an allergy against shopping there.  In my personal experience my allergy was not taken seriously and my complaints were ignored.
I give Essene two stars for the sole reason that the staff in the vitamins, skin and cosmetics section are PROFOUNDLY rude.  When I started a temporary project in this neighborhood, I was so happy to find a health food store nearly.   I've actually tried repeatedly to spend tons of money in the cosmetics section but have usually been stopped in my tracks by the propensity of the clerks there to stare intensely at customers and generally to behave extremely coldly.  The most recent perpetrator was an attractive woman with very short hair who outdid all her predecessors in this regard.  I'm not talking about the clearly necessary tailing of customers for security reasons; this is something many businesses have to do.  The point is that all customer interactions--whether security-related or not (and mine weren't in the case of Essene--I don't tend to be unduly sterotyped as someone needing security attention, unlike some of my unlucky, innocent buddies) should be negotiated in a way that is at least baseline-respectable toward customers.  It boggles my mind that this section of Essene (thanks to one or two rude staff people) is single-handedly making me (and a couple of others who had a similar experience) disinclined to patronize Essene.  I'm sad to give this store a mere two stars, but if they don't improve this bizarre sub-section of their store I'm giving up.
Great little store for the tree hugger in all of us. Stopped by here today in search of a particular product and saw many intriguing items in the aisles. I will return to taste the seitan cheese"steak" wrap for certain! Friendly and helpful employees too :)
this is a really good independent health food store. it may be the only one in the city anymore. i've been coming here for years. they have a more limited selection than say whole foods, but by far many more niche items. it's not all vegetarian and vegan. they have free-range and organic meats and fish in the freezer. 

the hot/salad bar in the cafe is all vegetarian and almost completely vegan (very rarely they will have clearly labeled items with egg like quiche.) it's maybe a little better than the buffet at whole foods, but not much. $8.99/lb. and everything's heavy. last time i was here the dude in front of me got rang up for $20 and it really didn't look like he had a lot of food on his plate at all. so be careful.

lastly someone mentioned being shocked at buying a produce item here that was $13. don't be shocked. i used to work at a health food store in willow grove and we got produce in once a week and it moved slowly. we ended up throwing out a ton. plus, it was all organic, so it was more expensive to procure. so don't buy your produce here, unless you work here and it's that convenient for you. you're better off at the italian market a few blocks away or whole foods if you want organic.
I kinda get the vibe that that half assed hippies who work here think they're better than everybody else.  Just so we're clear, you're not.  And it's going to be funny once your college money runs out and you have to do something more legitimate than overcharge people for groceries for a living.

Seriously, there's not one thing in this place fairly priced.  Is your entire marketing strategy "hey, at least we're not whole foods"?

Go fuck yourselves.
Essene has most likely suffered a bit from having a Whole Foods within a six block vincinity.  It's hard for the little guys to compete with the prices a national chain with its own products can offer.  Their produce is a wee bit overpriced and there isn't a whole lot to choose from.  But they do have some things that Whole Foods don't, particularly odd root vegetables that are key to macrobiotic cooking.  Their pastries are really good and seemingly healthier than the oil-filled ones at Whole Foods.

They also have an eat-in food bar which has more selection and many more veggie/vegan options than Whole Foods.  It's also more comfy.  What saddens me is that they haven't had Virgil's Root Beer there for a couple months.  That stuff is SO GOOD. They do, however, have these delicious soy dream 'ice cream' bars and little pies that I treat myself to once in a blue moon. All in all, I''d probably rather spend my hard earned cash at Essene, but I'd walk away with significantly fewer groceries.  Isn't that how it goes in this age of corporate globalization?
Slightly better now with the new owners.  The lady at the register with the green/blue hair is the only polite one who works there. Everyone else needs to be trained/taught how to deal with the public. The health and beauty department is always about 90 degrees fahrenheit and I doubt that helps keep the products from spoiling/melting.

The last time I ate there, I was eating, when I suddenly heard the sound of nails being clipped. I looked over, and yep, the lady working at the cafe was standing right by the food trays, clipping her nails. When I told the owner bout it, he shrugged his shoulders and walked away to go back to stocking shelves. 

The cafe serves up flavorless slop and I cannot believe I gave it the benefit of the doubt on three occasions. I could not even eat most of it. (you are better off eating at Soy Cafe) The prepared food in the refrigerated section is okay, a hit or miss. I keep asking them where they moved their 'Awesome foods' brand items and they keep pointing at other foods that are clearly not the same brand. I tried the other brands and they are not as good as the Awesome Foods brand. I guess they no longer carry them. 

The juice bar attendants act as though I am torturing them when I place an order. No worries, there are LOTS of other juice bars in Philly, yes, even in my neighborhood (fish town)

Overall, their prices on most items are too high and I suspect that their employees are paid a low wage. I often see products on the shelves that are about to expire the next day and there is no discount on them. All of this is a recipe for going out of business.
I still go there to buy certain items, but do most of my shopping elsewhere.

Penn Herb Company is MUCH better, so is Whole Foods and several others.
Getting an Essene Mexican chocolate cake for my kids' birthdays has been a tradition for years.  We picked up the cake from the bakery on Tuesday.  It was a little lopsided, but we were happy to overlook that.  When we cut into it at the party, though, it had air pockets in the cake, and deep pits of icing where either the cake had fallen or had been damaged.  The icing was literally filling holes so that the cake looked normal.  A baker with any expertise or professionalism wouldn't have let that cake go out of the store. I miss the old Essene that held high standards of quality.
I have been trying very hard to live healthily, ecologically, sustainably, and all that other good, earthy stuff. But I definitely tow the line - I still can't resist a shiny, chemically-treated apple or pass up an economy-sized package of toilet paper. So the market part of Essene is not really for me, I'm much more of a Whole Foods girl. But the WF salad bar has truly been disappointing me - it sort of reminds me of day camp when they used to mix up all the leftovers with some vinegar and call it pasta salad. So as a non-vegetarian it is a huge compliment for me to say that the food bar at Essene rocks my world. I wouldn't know seitan from tempeh, but truthfully, the way they deliciously doctor it up I wouldn't know it from beef either. I pretty much licked clean a plate of veggies and tofu and the only thing I had beef with was the price. But apparently such is the status quo of healthy living these days...hopefully the eco-movement and an economy push will make places like Essene more accessable. Until then, my trips to the hot bar will be a cherished treat.
I am literally writing this right after coming out of Essene. I've been shopping there for about 6 months and EVERY time i have an issue with getting juice there. Well today was the final straw. I always get beet and celery juice but today i wasn't allowed to because "we don't do that". What? yes you do, you always do. Every time I go i've been charged differently but i just let that go. this was just enough. I already over pay for this and i would have paid more to get what i wanted, but "they don't do that". you lost a customer for good all because of a stupid juice and a rude employee. thank goodness the new juice place on 9th and south is really good.
If I lived in Philly, I would be seen here everyday! They have absolutely everything I would ever need and so healthy and good for you! My Honey was making fun of me for picking up all the natural products like the new types of sponges they have for washing dishes. LOL He said I fall for all that type of crap. I love it! We are both very much into natural juicing. Someone at a store nearby told us to come here to get wheat grass juice. He tried the Carrot, Wheat Grass juice. I bought a pre-made one because carrot juice makes my tongue itch. Wheat grass is really good for you though, and with the proper juicing machine, you can make your own and grow your own grass! Prices were also extremely reasonable and not overpriced like some natural stores in NYC!
The thing is... I LOVE you, Essene. Really, I do. But, ya see, you are REALLY hard on my bank account. Every single time I come through your doors I am bombarded with yummy organic and all-natural food that I just want to gobble up right there in the store and the curl up and take a nap on your floor --- most likely by your hot bar --- only to wake up a few hours later and do it all over again. But you see, Essene, if I do this I really WILL have to live in you because I won't be able to afford the rent for my own apartment. Sigh...
I'm no vegan. I'm just an everyday carnivore. But I do appreciate natural beauty products and a variety of healthy food options. The personal care and vitamin selection is fantastic. Haven't bought groceries yet but I'll be back for snacks and assorted natural goodies.
I have never found this market to be anything sensational except that when I need something not run of the mill like honey with the comb or something organic, I usually find it here.  They stock a lot of not seen everywhere items and the store appears very clean unlike a few in the neighborhood.
Someone crazily referred to Essene as the Vegan Death Star, and I have to say that I now find myself coining the term more than once a day now!

Pound for pound and dollar for dollar Essene has a better selection of vegan and vegetarian ingredients than the Whole Foods a few blocks away on South Street...in my opinion that is. For the hell of it I stroll through the aisles when picking up some fruit or a lunchtime snack and I find a completely different selection of "substitution" products, cereals and I even discovered a new addition of vegan scrapple! 

Their vegetable and fruit selection is a fraction the size of the larger marts but as far as I could see all of their produce is organic and a lot of products are local as well.

So why don't I shop there more? Like many others I find that Essene's prices are a little too high on some of the items I frequently purchase, so I find myself heading back towards South Street where I can save a few more dollars. I have to say, though, that their lunchtime selection at the salad bar has more of a variety compared to Whole Foods, but be cautious, it's all meat free.

P.S. - Essene also offers a nice little assortment of eco-friendly footwear and a cosmetic and vitamin selection you sometimes can't find anywhere else.
I just kept singing "I'm living in a vegan paradise" in my best Coolio voice as I shopped. I hadn't been here in years and I have no idea why. That will change. Pronto! 
It's like someone hand selected all of my favorite items and brands from shall I dare say it, Whole  Foods and placed them all in one small perfect independently owned shop. So great. So, so great! 

They have a fresh pressed juice bar in the back of the take out bar which is new from the last time I was here. I definitely took full advantage of that. A small is small which is perfect for when I bring the kiddos back with me. They have daily specials and regular rotating juices. All looked so delish! My green was great. 

They still have tables for in house dining too. The entire take out bar and bakery is strictly vegan!! The girl behind the counter was so sweet and let me try a piece of the spicy tofu triangles before I purchased them and directed me to the sauce they use to create it. Yum! 

The tea section alone could be reason enough to make a trip here. The beauty section is quite lovely and extensive as well. Fresh, gorgeous produce, prepared foods such as seitan goods, faux this or that, veg sushi and more. A row of just sauces from pasta to hot. A shelving display of just coconut goods alone like chips, sugars, powder and oil etc. Oh, I can go on forever! Everything was organized so well. A must go-to for any vegan or health nut! 

The employees were all sweet and well educated on their products and ingredients in the food they serve. Such a great experience for my first time back in years. Can't wait to come back and food shop for more than just seaweed snacks and vegan eggs.

Love, love, love!
I always try to support local businesses when I can, so I shop at Essene whenever possible. They have a nice selection of organic and natural products, some of which are hard to find elsewhere. Plus they have a very very small selection of meat/cheese, so I feel less nauseated shopping there.
This review is purely for the cafe portion. 

I am very excited about the prospect of quick and healthy food. I don't mind paying a premium for it if it's yummy. I've now been to the cafe many times and every time I experience varying degrees of disappointment. 

The items seem like they come from quality ingredients but the recipes are just NOT tasty. I often load my plate with a little of everything and end up not eating most of it. And I like a lot of foods! 

Today will be my last time paying $12 for -a plate of yuck.
Could be so much better than it actually is. If not Whole Foods at 9th & South this is your best bet for organic produce and non-mainstream foods in the area, but the prices are insanely high... How the oft-under-employed hipsters who frequent the place afford it is beyond me...
The market is relatively small and poorly stocked, in my opinion.  What is good about this place is that they have free cooking/health/lifestyle classes.  Christine Pirello taught a particularly interesting one awhile back on sclerology and eating to nourish the skin.
Essene is a great place to shop, especially compared to the crowded and overpriced Whole Foods around the corner. I mainly come here to buy Yogi tea. They have every flavor imaginable and the tea is a tad cheaper than other stores around. I've also gotten good produce here and a lot of my cooking/snacking essentials. I like to give food (like dried fruit and unique snacks) as gifts - yes, I know I'm a little strange - to friends and family, and Essene always has the perfect item for this. They also carry PiperWai deodorant (from Shark Tank!!), which is hard to find in Philly.

I have yet to try the cafe food in the back dining area, but it always looks and smells amazing - will have to try it out in the near future!

It's fun just walking around the store, even if you don't end up purchasing anything.
I know I'm gonna' get yelled at for this, but I am not a fan. The groceries are all well and good (although I prefer the selection at Whole Foods), but the hot food was totally bland. I grew up on health food, but there is a way to make it tasty. Not even the chocolate chip cookies had taste factor!

If you are anti-corporate and a health nut, it's too bad there aren't more options than Essene and Whole Foods.
when i worked at pearl i loved coming here for the hot bar. i was pregnant at the time, and the lovely smells emanating from said bar were more than comforting...

actually, they were some of the few smells that didn't turn my stomach at the time.

when i get all misty and nostalgic, i just bring the fry down so he can pick out a cookie and we can chow down on some veg enchiladas.

really, it probably deserves 4 stars due to the friendly staff, the great food, and the wonderful drugstore section. that last star had to go down, though, as the price point is crazy high here.

hail seitan!
I always enjoy a trip to the Essene market which is almost always a must if I am getting a haircut next door at JuJu Salon. I like that they carry a variety of eco-friendly containers and utensils for toting my lunch to work. I really can't say enough good things about the LunchBots products. They've got a great variety of fresh produce and an impressive bulk section for nuts, grains, and flours. Their stock of cereals, pastas, juices, and frozen items is likely to have the unique items your Veganomicon recipe is calling for. They also have items that more conventional folks enjoy as well in case you're not into spelt or teff flour. It would be fairly expensive to do your regular shopping here unless you are some sort of super-vegan or have very stringent dietary requirements. I'd recommend using them for the specialty items you may need in smaller quantities. 

I have mixed feelings about their prepared foods bar as it just seems utterly overpriced to me. I lunched at Essene with two friends the other day and my plate of various incarnations of tofu and seitan came to over $13.00. I had to wonder if they were actually counting the glass plate as a part of the meal! I know fresh produce has gone up a bit in price (and they do use quality ingredients), but lunch over $10 for a plate that wasn't exactly loaded with heaping helpings was a surprise. Oh, and if you'd like chopsticks - those are an extra 80 cents or so. I'd recommend just using the silverware. For free.
Been in the neighborhood for 17 years, sad to watch how Essene changed! The vegan buffet was the heart of the house, so delicious fresh and full of flavor. Now, all you can find is fried eggs, fried vegetables, fried EVERYTHING. It's more like very poor asian buffet.
I've only been here once, so I might re-review this place again later.

And, for anyone complaining about it being "pricey" or "expensive"...go to their website and read "About Essene" page. I could understand being taken back by what they charge if places like Acme and Super Fresh carried the same products for way less, but uhhh, they generally don't. The fact that you are going in here means you are either being lazy and not venturing to one of the other grocery stores within a one or two mile radius, or you're seeking something specific out, whether it be organic produce or in my case local honey. 

The variety here for vegetarians on a cursory walk through seems to be the best I've found in the city. The staff seems comprised of the usual characters you'd find at a natural food store, which typically means on some level they are into what the store is doing. I like that.

I wouldn't shop here exclusively, but definitely recommended.
I'm pretty sure my husband and I keep this place in business. It is insanely expensive but subpar in a lot of ways. The produce is often not that fresh. Once we got some kind of critters from the bulk food bins and not even an apology when we reported it. The hot foods bar is expensive and not very good. Check expiration dates on anything you buy! That said, there aren't any other good options for organic food in the neighborhood when you're too lazy to trek over to Whole Foods. Most people have been complaining  about the new meat and cheese sections, but those additions are actually a plus for me, as an omnivore. So in short, for now we are still reluctant regulars, but if that grocery store ever opens on 2nd and South... we're out.
Market is very expensive. As others have mentioned, Whole Foods has better values.
I come here for the macrobiotic groceries.  Last time they were all out of the Japanese Macrobiotic staples. They are in now, but prices are a lot more than what i have paid online or at W.F.
Cafe very disappointing. I was hungry and had to eat some oil soaked vegetables. The soup- $4.75 for a small bowl of warm water with some seaweed in it... So bad I could just eat a couple of spoonfuls. The brown rice was the only well made item that I tried. 
So it seems like I'll start making my own fresh pickles, and get the  rest either online or at WF.  Beavers Co-op in Chestnut Hill gets better yeast free bread... It's from locally produced, Fresh, not frozen like here, "Sweetwater Bakery" bread. Expensive at $7.99 per loaf, but so delicious!
Regretfully, I don't think I'll be back to Essence. I'm a bit far, and it's not worth the drive! H
It's a shame that with this mediocrity going on, the big, mass produced foods, like the ones whole foods sells, are the only winners.
Love Essene, love what they're all about, the food is "real", organic, you can buy and eat anything and not feel guilty about it. Great sandwiches, deserts, whole grains, hot bar. Prices are a bit high otherwise I'd shop for everything there. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is for the attitude. I asked where the confectioners sugar was and got a 5 minute lecture about how they're an organic food store and don't sell mainstream items....after further searching, lo and behold, there it was on the shelf (called powdered sugar). Am I the only wholesome eater who likes chocolate icing on her vegan chocolate cake?
For nearly 40 years, Essene Market & Cafe has provided the Philadelphia region with a unique venue for everything that's natural, wholesome and healthy. We have the area's largest selection of organically grown produce, a natural foods deli serving mouth watering gourmet delights every day, and an on-site bakery offering tantalizing sweets -- all dairy-free and made without refined sugar. (At left: Our original store on South Street.)
I eat at Essene Cafe on a weekly basis. I really like that they have such a wide selection of healthy, very tasty vegetarian food. It is on the expensive side of what I typically want on spend on lunch, but considering the buffet is high quality organic food, I understand why. I particularly am a fan of the diakon, carrot and red cabbage salad (I wish they would have that more often), but just about everything they serve is good. The bakery items are amazing. I also do a good deal of my grocery shopping there, especially for the things that I can't find cheaper elsewhere.
So glad to have Essene in the neighborhood! Not only do they sell fresh organic produce, prepared foods, and special diet-friendly goods, they also sell vitamins and other health-conscious items.  Think Whole Foods but around 1/4 the size and independently owned.  It's close enough that I can do a big shop here if need be (although that has yet to happen) and have a fairly easy walk home with all my purchases.  I also like that they have a good selection of cold bottled drinks (lightly sweetened Honest iced teas) that I can stop in and buy if I'm in the neighborhood and craving something slightly healthier than a Monster Energy drink.  Keep doing what you're doing, Essene, because all the Queen Village organic lovers are onto it!
Two years ago I gave Essene a 4 star review as it was my favorite vegetarian buffet in Philadelphia.  Now I sadly must demote them to one star due to the change in management, firing of the kitchen staff and the switch to non-vegetarian offerings.  I've been loyal to this place for ten years.  I will now BOYCOTT Essene.  What was once a neighborhood institution is now destined to rapid extinction.  So very depressing.
I am SO sad by the buffet. Essene is under new management and now the buffet is totally different. It used to feature amazing organic, macrobiotic and vegan food. Now most of the items are vegetarian and FRIED in a bunch of oil. PLEASE PAY ATTENTION to your customers reviews and BRING BACK HEALTHY, VEGAN food. This is a disgrace. Fried food is not healthy. They are ripping people off.
I love to go to Essene.  Being a vegetarian/vegan and wanting to get organic foods in Philly can sometimes be tough.  When I go here everything I want is right there.  Sometimes the people that work there are a little bit snotty, but whatevs it's cool.
Health foods markets are something that I enjoy exploring for some silly reason, and thankfully my husband enjoys indulging me. We popped in Essene Market while out strolling, with no real intention of getting anything. We wandered around, checking out their produce, bulk dry goods, the bakery and cafe area in back with prepared vegetarian/vegan dishes, pantry items, and frozen goods. 

The selection of grocery items is pretty good, there were a number of items/brands that I haven't seen elsewhere, and my husband was impressed with the pets section (and that they had one at all). The produce was ok, but looked slightly on the older side. Prices are on the higher end, but about what to expect from a private, specialty grocer. We didn't try the prepared foods, but I did pick up a vegan chocolate chip cookie which was pretty good (but not as tasty as the ones I make ;D ). As much as I love supporting local businesses, when it comes to household staples I'd prefer to save money where I can and shop elsewhere.
Wonderful product selection with a knowledgable and dedicated staff. Oh, and vegan prepared food section is available to eat-in or to take home.  I'd shop there much more often if parking weren't such a problem.
I so agree with the other reviews.  The previous owner had a awesome buffet and I would eat there a couple of times a week.  The new buffet is awful!!!  So sad.
i don't know why everyone is hating. their hot bar is delicious. they have a lot of gluten free items. the employees are really helpful and friendly. i love their selection.  their bulk spices are pretty good. also, where can you get a whole grains self serve section besides whole foods? i love this place.
I only went to the cafe part.  For me, buying food by the pound is a TRAP.  Yikes.  I spent more than I wanted to on lunch, ( of course), but the food was really yummy.  Try the "banana whip".  I didn't see it on the menu but its pureed frozen bananas and its INCREDIBLE!
It's overpriced, but mostly for all the overhyped superfood stuff.  I'm usually buying whole grains, veggies, and tofu stuffs - and this is cheap stuff.  It's the super specialty health-nut, raw-food-in-packages nonsense that costs so much.  But hey, gotta get it somewhere!  These days I'm not much of a cacao-munching, goji-berry gorging, kombucha guzzling, superfood junkie, so my grocery bill at Essene is reasonable.  If you want a wide choice of clean whole grains, non-GMO fruits and vegetables, and any nut or bean you can think of, Essene's your safe haven.

Here's a tip:  At the cafe, a pound of plain ol' brown rice costs the same as a pound of scrumptious millet croquettes!  Be smart!
Generally, the store is overpriced.  But since I live only a block away I come here pretty often since to me Essene is a high-end convenience store.  Beyond that, I'm a fan of the bulk foods, especially the spices.  Getting my spices here has taught me that when you go to a grocery store and buy a jar of cumin or vanilla beans, you're paying A LOT for that individually packaged jar.  Hold on to your old packaging and just refill here.
I did *try* to go here twice when I was in Philly; however, I must stay the food was buffet and it didn't look too appealing at all. And I believe they had one Seitan dish each time. Needless to say, I stopped in twice and the food didn't look appealing at all, so I never tried it, I just wanted to share my opinion. However, I will say they had a very nice co-op connected to it with excellent choices!
Every time I shop here at Essene I have a pleasant experience. The staff is always helpful and full of smiles and the local feel is great. They offer classes in the back (I attended a La Letche League class). The food at the back is good but limited to mostly vegan food. No meats which makes me sad because I love eating organic healthy foods but am not vegan so it left me wanting more. The selection of herbs and natural products makes me very happy. They carry a large amount of vitamins and natural products that you can usually only find online. It's more expensive here than shopping online but I don't have to wait a week to get it. 
Overall, I am very happy with Essene and so glad they are here. I love supporting local businesses and it's nice to have another option besides whole foods.
Great friendly place:)   I stop by Essene almost every day to get fresh produce, a great selection of sprouts, as well as an ORGANIC JUICE BAR with wheatgrass (also serves organic banana whips!).  If you are a raw foodist, or just trying to incorporate more healthy live food into your diet, then this place is a great spot to visit.  They carry a full line of "awesome foods" brand raw and ready to eat entress/desserts/snacks/etc... and a fairly large selection of other live food companies and wide array of products.  Jenn is the expert for the live food products, so if you need anything in particular, ask for her.  I highly suggest trying the raw cacao/goji chunks in the case with all of the nuts and dehydrated fruits.
In addition to raw food selections, they are truly a complete store with everything from a fresh and large daily macrobiotic buffet, complete beauty and supplement depatment, books, cookware, and a lot more....
They have free Wed. night classes every week, as well as various special events.
I've previously heard about Essene and their buffet, but I never really felt compelled to try it. Yesterday, it was on my way to somewhere, so I decided to stop in and get lunch. 

After browsing a little bit, it seems that their prices are pretty much inline with Whole Foods. Their buffet is the same cost as WF, and the quality is much better. I particularly liked the stewed carrots, and the fried rice. I'll definitely be adding this to my list of lunch spots in the area.
Alright, Yelpers, it's time for a confession:  I'm new to organic and healthy shopping.

Before a few months ago, I had only been to Whole Foods for anything health-centered.  One weekend in the city, a friend introduced me to this lovely store.

I was apprehensive at first, especially when I passed the vegetarian buffet.  After all, I'm a proud carnivore, and veggie-centric displays tend to make me feel guilty.

To fit in, I bought some pita, red pepper humus, and local feta cheese.  I was immensely satisfied.  Since that fateful day, I've been back numerous times and have left consistently happy.

If you want to try and avoid the larger Whole Foods scene while continuing to enjoy a healthy and natural lifestyle, I wholeheartedly recommend this place.

Make sure you get some chocolate bars and dehydrated raspberries on the way out!
Other than special herbs, vitamins or the occasional voodoo tinctures, I am not a regular shopper here because it's clear across town from me and just way too pricey for my wallet. that said, I CRAVE the hot and cold bar, particularly after traveling or event-filled binges where my body feels like it will shut down if I don't immediately pump it full of nutrients. That is when I generally drag my wilting self to Essene and load up a plate of pretty much anything the collection of adorable chefs are laying down. I wish I could hook up an IV drip to the Harvard beets or the steamed kale or broccoli rabe and garlic, or any of their macrobiotic salads, and I don't typically get all ga-ga for vegetarian dishes because I am a bona fide meat eater. I just have some minor sensitivities so I like my food to be food, and it definitely is at Essene. 

Here they don't overdo it with tofu-in-place-of-cheese dishes or vegan chili with preposterous ingredients that don't belong, like broccoli. They're just smart to take real foods that grow mostly in the ground, cook them delicately and season them lightly with more natural things like sea salt, tamari, vinegar, sesame oil etc... 

When I eat there I feel like that old school gatorade commercial, you know the one where the b-baller would chug from the bottle and you could see his electrolytes regenerating under the thermal electrolyte-cam? That's what I look like when I eat their miso soup.
This review is long overdue: 
For quite some time I went to Essene only if it was the only place to purchase a desired item. Why? Well, the people who worked there were sullen, looked unhappy & depressed and generally unpleasant.  Nobody really seemed to care if I shopped there or not - so I didn't.

Then a miracle happened!  Whoever does the hiring now should get a bonus. Without exception cashiers and counter folks are pleasant and (in some cases) delightful.  Now I'm there at least twice a week and love my Essene shopping experience.

Thank you for the effort as it has made a loyal customer of me and I tell everyone I know about what a nice shopping experience can be found at Essene.

P.S. Those lentil and root vegetable patties are so good!
Hot bar is $$ but on point.  Heat up a pre-made seitan wrap cheesesteak and dip it in some ketchup. Yum and Yummer.
I love shopping local and this place makes my body feel good like Whole Foods, but without the guilt of spending my money at a big corporation. They have baked goods (all vegan) that are delicious, as well as premade vegan sandwiches. I can't wait to try them all out, A VEGAN BLT COME ON!?
I hadn't eaten lunch at Essene in a while and went there the other day.  I love that I can get super healthy, filling vegan food here without having to "dining out".  I don't recall ever not liking something I got from their food bar.
Produce usually sucks. Hot food bar is way over priced, bland, and the staff back there aren't too friendly. Cashiers and health/beauty section folks are nice.
I give Essene 3 stars because I'm reluctant to give four so quickly. I like their spot. The produce seems to be better than whole foods; at least you get a better product even though both spots are expensive. I like their large variety of teas; coffee is good, too. The people who work there seem to be friendly for the most part. So maybe after a few more trips, I'll bump 'em up to four from three.
I was so glad I found this place when I was walking around South street because there wasn't anything close to what I can eat around there. I was looking for something healthy and vegetarian and magically after walking around and admiring the shops and bars I found Essene. I was so famished that I first went to their buffet. Everything was vegan. I got seitan beef and veggies. I also got a green smoothie. My cheeks were full of delish-ness goodness! I bought a few items before I left. They had a great selection of natural and organic products that I was used to seeing back home.
Every time I go into essene I see the same man working, and he has such positive energy just pouring out of him. He is helpful but not at all overbearing, which is important. I've gone in a few times for food items but he's usually working the pharmacy section. I went in today for CBD products and he was so extremely helpful, I couldn't decide what product to get if any. He guided me to purchase the right product for my needs (he's so knowledgeable about everything there!!!) and even gave me a free sample. I left with a ton of suggestions for anxiety remedies to use alongside CBD as well. To say the least this employee at essene is the best!! And he is just a person you want to be around!!
Nice private store, as opposed to Whole Foods etc. They have some local things that you can't find at the box places. Although the prices are still a bit high but manageable,except for maybe the $7+ for  a quart of ice cream...
WHY?  WHY HAVE I NOT BEEN GOING HERE?!

I stopped in Essene after a walk through Fabric Row and then proceeded to kick myself for not coming in sooner.  I was stunned by the sheer size of this place.  They have their mini cafe in the back, plus a great assortment of fruits, veggies, nuts, grains...even pet food and a hair care/beauty aisle.  I know it's kind of pricey, but I'm officially in love with this place.
Wow, what a find!!  I have been coming to the area for decades for Jim's Cheesesteaks and now I have another reason to come here.  

You wouldn't expect such a healthy alternative considering the food choices around South St.  There is a hot and cold food bar all the way in the back which is packed with absolutely exceptional food.  

A combination of soul food and Korean, all vegan and/or vegetarian.  Homemade Kim chi, Scallion pancakes, eggrolls and a turmeric roasted cauliflower to die for‼ A wide variety of healthy food made fresh daily.

The staff also was very attentive, knowledgeable and available to explain the preparation of each dish.  This was particularly true of the gentleman who runs the kitchen named Maynard

I'm looking forward to returning with my family soon for the perfect combination of healthy and delicious.
It's great to support the little guy sometimes, and this is the perfect place to do it in. This is a natural foods market that offers a Lot of the same things whole foods does - only it has a better hot/salad bar, vitamin section, lunch selection, and tea aisle. A lot of the things can be a little more expensive, but you can also score some good buys.Just don't go here if your looking for meat and seafood because it's a total vegetarian selection. But you won't be able to top things like their New York "Beef" sandwich, even if it is seitan. They do have some cheeses, but only kinds that don't have certain animal enzymes - so you find Parmesan Reggiano and some other staples.
Overpriced and expired products. Wish this place was better since Whole Foods is a bit of a walk from my house. Everything is overpriced. Purchased a dip from here the other day, got it home, and realized it had already expired two days ago.
