Perfect pre-show meal! Estia Is steps from the Kimmel Center and the Academy of music, with it's arched ceilings and beautiful Greek details it is the perfect spot to have brunch before the orchestra, or dinner before a play. 
Estia is Greek through and through. We always have to have the fried cheese, delivered on a sizzling platter...it is a winner! The spanakopita is delicious and today I had grilled salmon on the arugula salad. The menu is vast and the wine list is bigger.
Friendly staff, lovely ambiance. Highly recommend!
Ah sweet redemption describes our "do-over" visit to Estia.  Nothing beats excellent customer service in my book, but businesses who take responsibility for errors and show true professionalism are a close second. Shortly after my original review of our 12/16/12 experience at Estia, the manager, Stephen, emailed me with apologies and even sent me a gift card to return with full assurance that the incidents of 12/16 would not reoccur. I called the restaurant Saturday night and asked to speak to Stephen to make a reservation for Sunday at 5:30.  He was very professional and confirmed that all of my information was correct before ending the call. My boyfriend and I arrived for our 5:30 reservation about 5 minutes late (Bellevue parking was pretty full due to Les Miserables). When we arrived the hostess was very friendly and asked to check my coat this time. I love coat checks; who wants to be bothered with a coat during dinner? Not me.  But back to the experience... she took us to a really nice booth seating area.  We were greeted promptly by our waiter, Ryan.  Ryan was 150% better than our original server (we spotted our original server and boy did that bring back flashbacks of the first visit, argh).  Back to Ryan; he was genuinely friendly.  He gave a full introduction to the restaurant and explained the menu, fish of the day and what they ran out of that evening with full transparency.  He did acknowledge that the manager that night had informed him that we had a bad experience on our first visit and stated that he would try to turn it around. Boy did he turn it around. He stated that "dining out should be a relaxed family experience." Somebody give Ryan a pen and pad so that he can write a manual :)  He was pleasantly anecdotal in his wait style. What I mean by that is that he explained the cocktails and talked about why some are popular around the city. He talked about Greek food in general and Estia specifically with ease. Connections like these are especially important for travelers and novice palates (like mine).  And if you've read my other reviews, you know that personality and knowledge are two winning wait staff attributes in my book.  On to the food.  We ordered the grilled shrimp appetizer. It was delicious and the shrimp were huge.  Entrees: my boyfriend ordered the filet mignon and I ordered the salmon.  Both entrees were cooked to perfection.  Our plates were empty when the bus boy returned to collect them (we never clean our plates).  We were unable to order dessert this time because we were trying to make it to a 7:30 movie, so I can't review dessert (next time).  When Ryan delivered the bill, he explained that the manager that evening (I forgot his name, Dan, maybe?) had given us one round of drinks on the house (another kind gesture). Overall Estia knocked this visit out of the park.  5.5/5 for Estia; last night was the model of a great dining experience.
Fun! Fun! Fun! The last time I went to Estia it was for my mother's birthday and it was fantastic! This time it was as good as ever. The bartender was sweet, friendly and professional, the complimentary bread and hummus was delish and the apps and drinks we ordered were fresh, delicious and inspired. I'd some sort of champagne cocktail with fresh berries. Very tasty! My sister ordered pomegranate martini which was yum! We had octopus, beet salad, raw salmon with chips, squash chips and tons of bread. All were fantastic. We sat at the bar and had a delightful time! What more can you want?
Whether or not you're going to see a show at the Kimmel Center (steps away), there is no doubt in my mind or excuse to not check out this restaurant. 

I've been fortunate to have experienced the in house meals, as well as, take out. Just extraordinary! Some of my favorite items from their menu are Pasta Ala Grecca, Lamb Chops, Tuna Tartare, Crab Cake, Calamari,
Beet Salata, Moussaka, Halibut, and the Seafood Tower. 

If the food wasn't enough, the service will also blow you away. They will go out of their way to make most if not any accommodations. They're thoughtful and thorough.
Estia's restaurant week menu is hard to resist.

Year after year, it's pretty much the same but we are ok with that. I even ordered the same thing I ordered last time because I liked it so much.

For our 1st course I had the grilled octopus, while my husband had the mussels. The portions for both were generous. The octopus was served cold and not as tender but I still enjoyed it. After trying some of my husband's mussels, I wish I ordered that instead! Well, I guess I'll have to come back for it another time.

For our 2nd course, we both ordered the lamb chops. You just had to! The dish consisted of three (I repeat, three) large pieces of lamb chops, fries and tzatziki sauce. It was so much food and so delicious.

For dessert this year, I thought I would switch it up and go for the Semolina Lemon cake which I don't normally go for. It was a mistake. The texture of the cake was coarse, not what I would have imagined a cake from Estia would be like. I didn't finish it. My husband stuck with our usual Baklava Rolls and shared his with me.

The wine selection unfortunately was not extensive. With a large wine cellar downstairs, we expected to see a whole booklet for the wine list but were disappointed to see it was less than a page long.

Overall, the lamb itself is worth coming back for every year, and Estia still remains one of my top choices for Restaurant Week.
When I bought tickets to a show at the Kimmel Center, I knew I had to make a reservation to finally check out Estia beforehand, it has been on my list for far too long. We arrived promptly for our 5:45 reservation and we were seated right away. 

Upon being greeted, our server asked if we had tickets to a show and asked what time we would like to be out by. As someone who stresses out about being late, I really appreciated this. She let us know that she would keep our timing in mind throughout the meal.

We ordered the fried calamari and Estia chips to start. The chips were perfection! My boyfriend, who is not the most adventurous vegetable eater, was a big fan. He also enjoyed the calamari. We were also brought a delicious plate of bread and hummus, and I even dipped some of my chips into the hummus because it was too good not to finish.

For our entrees, I had the lobster linguini and my boyfriend has the pasta a la grecca with chicken. Both dishes had the same red sauce that was both sweet and had the faintest kick. I felt my lobster was a bit overcooked, which was disappointing.

We were finished and had the check back by 6:30 sharp. I was truly impressed with the prompt service that got us out of there in less than an hour, without making us feel rushed. I will definitely return with friends to take advantage of their happy hour specials.
I've always walked by this place and thought, "Oh poor restaurant! It looks like it used to be something fun, shame no one goes in here."  The restaurant would probably look back at me and sing "you lil stupid ass B, I aint f'n with yoouuuu"

Yea - I can admit when I'm wrong. I am such a fan of Estia after coming here with a group of friends for dinner during Restaurant Week.   There were 6 of us total and everything from start to finish was divine! Once we walked in we noticed a HUGE fish display which was incredible and I am sad I didnt creep over and get a picture. The interior of the restaurant is so amazing and very large.  

We were seated promptly for our 8pm reservation and greeted by our own star of the night - our server Randall who came fully equipped with a set of vocals he was not afraid to share with our group. A+ and 5 Stars for Randall and his amazing voice!!! (Keep reading to learn more about Randall and his ceremonious Little Mermaid routine...)

Food:

Bread and hummus for the table which was gone within minutes.  

For a sharing appetizer off the restaurant week menu we ordered the Saganaki. Not sure if they normally bring this out on FIRE, but we asked our server if it could be served this way and he gladly obliged.  Cue Alicia Keys: "This cheese is on fiiiiiiiiiiiiiire, this cheese is on fiiiiiiiiire" Needless to say it was ah-ma-zing!

Once we devoured the cheese, our waiter came and took our three course orders.  I ordered the octopus salad, the lamb and the ekmek for dessert. 

The octopus salad was one of the best I've ever had.  The octopus was perfectly charred and the portion size (especially for restaurant week) was enough that I didnt mind handing out a few bites. Also, sidebar-as I mentioned to our server  Randall that I was totally eating Ursula from the Little Mermaid, you bet your ass he broke out in to song hitting every note from "Poor Unfortunate Souls". Life = Complete. 

Lamb- incredible. Directly from the menu the lamb is "marinated for three days in olive oil, lemon and fresh herbs served with potato tiganites and tzatziki"  I wish I could bathe in the tzatziki sauce.  My lamb was cooked just as ordered.  (Note: what a steal for RW (I'm sure the ounces are cut back but) this dish is priced as $39 normally.) 

Dessert- Ekmek.  Sounds like something you cough up when you have the flu, but this was so light and creamy- I should have ordered one to go.  It's pistachios layered between kataifi phyllo (no idea what this is), custard and whipped cream. 

Although I didn't order the baklava, after reading reviews on it- I plan to come back and try it. 

Summary, I LOVE Estia and am SO happy I decided on this place for a RW pick.
Bring some popcorn and have your Disney DVD's on standby if you get Randall as your server because you're definitely in for dinner and a show.
I hosted a client dinner this past week at Estia and won't be returning. There were multiple problems with our food and, especially, with the poor service.

Specific to the food: it's very solid fare, and the fish was good, but by Philadelphia standards it's not especially outstanding. They don't even present you their actual fish so you can choose in person - you just order from the menu and trust that it's fresh and worth their very high prices. You can get wonderful Greek and Mediterranean food at Kanella, Barbuzzo, Osteria, Amis and any number of other cozier, more hospitable spots. 

Specific to the service: I've eaten and hosted dinner at all levels of restaurants around the country and the world and I've never experienced such a presumptuous and pretentious server. It irked me that we were oversold and poorly advised by our server ("of course you need 2 of each appetizer - they're quite small" and then plates of food went untouched, or "and of course you'll have the roasted vegetables with that". No. If I wanted vegetables I would have mentioned it when I ordered). 

My principle issue with our server, Saki, was his chauvinism. Despite my being the host of the dinner (and his customer) he spoke over me, presented the wine (which I ordered) to the men at the table, delivered the check to a man, wouldn't take the check (which I paid) from me, didn't return the check (with my credit card) to me, disrupted conversations at the table, and "ordered" dessert for the table rather than allowing us to order for ourselves. 

It was atrocious to be treated disrespectfully in front of clients but what left the worst taste in my mouth was how disruptive he was to our meal.
A warm, cozy restaurant that feels like you're in somebodys home. The Theater Menu is where it's at! $33 for a 3 course menu- with choices that will please anyone. I decided on the Romaine Salad for my 1st course. For my main course I chose the Lamb Trahana. The waiter kept reiterating the point that the meat was so tender we would'nt even need our knives and actually removed them from the table! He spoke the truth. The meat was extremely tender and seasoned to perfection. For my dessert I chose the Karidopita- a traditional honey-walnut cake. The cake was moist and delicious. It was the perfect culmination to the meal. I thought the value of this dinner was exceptional. The proximity of this restaurant to the theaters on Broad St. makes this a perfect place to go before seeing a show. Eat here!!
Estia was a pleasant surprise. It reminded me of my favorite high-end greek restaurant in NYC; only less expensive. Not that Estia is cheap; it's just cheaper than the NYC restaurant of which it reminds me. 

We ordered a very large fish allegedly flown-in from the Mediterranean, grilled in the traditional Greek way. We ordered it with horta (yummilicious dandelion greens (yes the dandelions weeds that your dog tends to tinkle upon) that are a Mediterranean delicacy ), mixed spreads a prasini salad (romaine lettuce salad with dill and feta).  Dessert consisted of Greek yogurt, walnuts and honey. All were of an excellent quality.

Service was fantastic, except for the not-so subtle attempts at upsells. I'll be back with a bat in hand to fend off the overly persistent waiter.
My friend and I went to brunch here on Sunday and had a lovely experience.  We were looking to sit outside, but once we entered the restaurant and saw the beautiful décor and gigantic open windows, we were happy to take up residence at a table indoors.  The restaurant was surprisingly empty for 1 p.m., but this only made for more attentive service and a fantastic table by one of the aforementioned windows, across from The Academy of Music.  

Fresh crusty bread and hummus was promptly placed on our table, and a complimentary cocktail was offered with our brunch order.  I asked for a bellini, praying that a classy place like Estia would get it right and use fresh peach juice instead of schnapps or some other imitation of the real thing.  The bellini was dropped at my table and was perfection; so much so that my friend made the switch to a bellini for her second round.   

My "avga spanakia," which I requested with egg whites, was unique and very good.  It was supposed to include spinach, leeks, feta, scallions and tomato, but there was not any tomato in my dish.  It was served in an iron skillet and was very hot and bubbly, which I loved.  The side of sausage that I ordered never made it to the table; our server said they had run out.  Not a big deal, as the omelet came with a side of pita wedges and a small dish of chive-seasoned potatoes, which was more than enough. My friend had a smoked fish platter, which she seemed pleased with as well.

I would love to make it back sometime for dinner and sit in one of the semi-private banquette/booth type areas along the wall with a small group.
Let me start this review by saying the overused but ever true and applicable statement "I wanted to like this place." I really did.  Estia received several recommendations from my fellow Yelpers when I inquired about great restaurants near the Academy of Music. In addition, when I tweeted the restaurant a question about the pre fixe theater menu, they responded courteously and promptly and were off to a great start before we even stepped in the door.  (We saw the Nutcracker at the Academy of Music Sunday night and it was great by the way.)  But I digress.  After the show we were in high spirits and excited to try Estia. My boyfriend and I arrived a little early for our 7:30 reservation. We were not asked to check our coats although a coat check was available. The ambiance was delightful and sadly one of the main high points of our time there.  Let me provide a caveat here: I believe that waiters/waitresses/servers, whatever you choose to call them, make or break the experience.  And ours proceeded to break the experience.  I do not know our server's name because he never introduced himself.  He never asked if it was our first time dining with them or advised what the fish of the day was.  A red flag that it was our first time was when I asked where the cocktail list could be found on the menu.  He seemed annoyed by this question although it was hidden in a side tri-fold area of the menu.  His service was inattentive. The first time he cracked a smile was at his own joke about how "it was the first time the bus boys helped him with a table all night." (Professional much?)  When I asked for recommendations he responded that the sea bass was delicious and then made a comment about how he doesn't like fish (umm that's genuine). When I said, "no really is it good?" He responded "what do you think I'm lying to you with my eyes or something?"  "No sir just your words" my mind replied.   Meanwhile we overheard a very professional server at a nearby table give his guests a full introduction including his name, a welcome to Estia, a menu overview including the fish of the day (this is key since this is what they're known for) and he even inquired if it was their first time dining.  So apparently we were seated in the wrong section. Anywho, on to the food. My boyfriend did an excellent job of pronouncing the proper Greek names of the menu items.  I stuck to basic words I could pronounce like chicken, meatballs etc.  For appetizers he ordered the spanakopita stuffed meatball and I ordered a selection of spreads with a warm pita.  So delicious.  When our entrees came out they were given to another table.  There was at least a 10 second interval before the lady at that table stated that the entrees were not there's and we were given those plates by the confused table runner. OK.  This is a no-no but since I saw that the other couple hadn't touched our dinners, I didn't complain.  My boyfriend had grilled shrimp, which were amazing.  My sea bass entree was just good and the vegetable medley was just OK.  For dessert we both ordered the honey cake.  I did not enjoy this cake.  Think dry on the top and saturated with liquid on the bottom. I imagine that the cake was baked and then dipped into the liquid after the fact.  It was not good.  Overall, we would give Estia another chance with another waiter.  Until then Estia gets a fair 2/5 stars for food and ambiance.
Greek restaurant in the theatre district - worth a dinner anytime . The lamb is juicy, tender and delicious ; as is the eggplant - unexpectedly wonderful. Service is exceptional, we asked our waiter for a white, Greek wine selection, and could not be more pleased with his choice, and how it complemented the tastes of our meal. I hear that it's closing, hopefully just a rumor, but go there now.
I've always loved Greek food and looked forward to dining at Estia for the first time. I decided it would be a great place to take my wife for her birthday. 

We began with Spanakopita, which was excellent. It was large enough to share between two people. My wife ordered Plaki, which is sea bass in a sweet and savory tomato sauce, with onions, tomatoes, green peppers, carrots, potatoes, capers and thyme. It was very delicious.

I ordered Arni Piadakia, which is lamb chops that have been marinated for three days in olive oil, lemon and fresh herbs. In my opinion, Estia has the best lamb chops I have ever tasted. If you like lamb chops, I highly recommend this selection. You won't be disappointed. My only suggestion is different potatoes. The potato tiganites is basically French fries. 

For dessert, we shared Karidopita, which is a traditional honey walnut cake. It's very sweet and tastes like it was soaked in honey. We both loved it. It was accompanied with a scoop of vanilla gelato. 

I would be remiss if I didn't mention the great service our server, Mark, provided. He took the time to explain a lot, made recommendations and much more. It made our great dining experience even greater. 

I definitely plan to return again. Next time, I'll take advantage of the theatre menu.
My last meal on my working visit to Philly and Greek it was. This food is  delicious and well prepared and the lobster pasta was crazy good. I will admit I also ate some lamb chops. When ever I see award winning food I am obligated to eat it!!
Last month I came back to Estia for a birthday dinner, and I can't believe I waited for so long to return.

It was Saturday and the place was packed - naturally, make reservations! We were lucky enough to get a private dining room, which suited us fine. Sometimes you want to have a conversation without yelling across the table, right?

We loved David, our server. He checked on us regularly, answered our questions about the menu, and got us whatever we needed.

Everything was delicious. I had the halibut, and tried the lobster pasta. And by the Flying Spaghetti Monster, I'll be back for that lobster pasta! (And so should you!)
I went to Estia for a Restaurant Week lunch, and I definitely don't understand the hype about this restaurant. Maybe it's the fact that the menu is very toned down and casual for lunch, but I don't think there was anything truly substantial and unique about Estia, even compared to the local Greek restaurant around the corner. I went with a large group of people, and all of them shared equal sentiments as I did. Although the ambiance was really nice, and the restaurant design and lighting were really elegant and beautiful, the food could have been much improved. Again, this review is based solely off Estia's lunch/brunch, and the dishes themselves may have been much better had we gone for dinner.

Most of my friends ordered the Fried Calamari, which honestly didn't taste like any sort of special Calamari - I've had the same style and flavor of Calamari at many other Japanese restaurants, so this dish definitely didn't stand out at all. Most of my friend opted for the Lamb Pita entree, and because I don't eat meat, I had to go off of their judgments for this review. They all thought that the dish itself, though it had a large amount of food, seemed too casual for the restaurant to be serving; it came with french fries for goodness sake! The pita itself, as I was told, tasted just like a $7 pita from a lower end Greek restaurant. I was pretty disappointed to hear those reviews from Estia's food, since I had heard pretty good reviews from some friends who had gone before I did.

Instead of ordering from the Restaurant Week menu, I opted for the Champagne Brunch. I had the Avga Spanakia (basically just an omelet) with the Bellini as my drink, basically a peach champagne. To be completely honest, the omelet tasted just like an omelet that I could have made at home that was placed into a cast iron skillet. The potatoes on the side were no different from any breakfast potatoes from any breakfast diner around the city. I really didn't see anything special about the dish or the meal other than the nice ambiance.

Overall, I was pretty disappointed with my experience at Estia. I had much higher expectations for the quality and flavors of the food, especially given the price and the fancy atmosphere of the restaurant. Definitely do not recommend coming here for lunch or brunch - there are much better options in Philadelphia.
Had a 5 star experience tonight dining out with a gal-pal.
We started off with delectable cocktails - I had a classic mojito with a few pieces of fresh pineapple muddled in.  Delicious and refreshing.  She had a purple concoction garnished with an orchid.  It had Chambord and Vanilla Vodka and other things in it.  So good!

We shared nearly everything.  The Horiatiki Salad was terrific (Though $15 for a plate of mostly tomatoes in olive oil and lemon juice is a bit steep.)  The trio of dips and spanakopita (which seemed a bit borekish) were great.  Entrees of Moussaka and (again? ) Dorado (Because it's cheap - they offer Dorado aka Mahi-Mahi as a fish du jour often.) were tasty and filling.

Dessert and tasty La Colombe coffee rounded out a teriffic meal.
Kanella (Cypriot, not Greek)  is still my fave - but the service from Mark, a prime window-side table and a groovy mood (Thanks, Bacardi!) made this a 5 star Etsia night for me.
Everything is special and great about this restaurant. The entire staff goes above and beyond with the service they offer and you can see the care and thoughtfulness that goes into the preparation of the food. The price fix Theater Meal menu is excellent especially for the amount of food and the variety that you can choose from.

Most of us arrived on time for our reservation that started as a party of eleven that eventually ended up as a party of seven. The staff was wonderful in making the necessary adjustments for our group. Five of us arrived promptly at our scheduled reservation one additional person came with in 15 minutes which is acceptable considering it's Center City. However 45 minutes into the meal two stragglers came along one understood that the accommodating them maybe difficult the second not so much. However the staff was willing to make accommodations and adjustments in any way they could to make ALL happy or satisfied. The offered move us to a larger table although the restaurant was extremely busy and full of other customers. KUDOS to them! KATELYN IS THE BEST EVER!!!!!

As for my meal from beginning to end everything was absolutely PERFECT.  Very rarely can I say that word but in this case I can, it was PERFECT! I went with the price fix Theater Meal starting with Estia Mezedakia a meatball stuffed with feta cheese, a phyllo filled veggie pastry and field greens with a light and tasty dressing, the lamb chops with potatoes both of which I can't begin to describe the deliciousness, they were cooked to perfection and just simply delicious! I've never had Walnut honey cake but I am now a fan. 

I attended the theater often and have only ever enjoyed the bar, big mistake on my part. The Sunday late happy hour is a great treat but....Again and again I will make time for a three course meal at Estia!
The food was okay but the service was really slow. We walked in super hungry and the main dishes were not served for over an hour. The server explained that they put through the order for the main dishes after the customers are done with their appetizer but dang... for over an hour? The appetizer took over 30 mins to come out to begin with and we were hungry so it didn't take long for us to finish the small appetizer! Plus i saw other guests getting their main dishes shortly after their appetizer! I don't care if my server was lying of not. But waiting for food over an hour is a big no for me. 

Never gonna come back to this restaurant!
So it's not errrrday that I give a place 5 stars but Estia blew my fucking socks off and out of the water. 

So I'm a wannabe points bitch with my credit card because who's not trying to get some free bizz class upgrades, na'mean? I got an AmEx card and one of the deals was $20 back for $100 spent which is a damn good deal if you ask me.

We made a rez to celebrate finishing a tough rotation on Sunday evening at 6pm. We arrived promptly at 6pm and were taken to our seats. We were frankly enamored with the decor and ambiance of the dining room. My little feta cube remarked on the fact that even the CEILING is cool. I believe there is decorative rope somewhere. Overall, the interior design has a very rustic feel.

The service is impeccable, as would be expected from a restaurant of this caliber. 

The menu is very large, almost comically so. There's a few cocktails, nothing particularly tugged at my heart strings but there was one cocktail with berry-infused vodka, simple syrup, and sparkling wine on top. This was served in a champagne flute and thus the volume was disappointing. The flavor was a bit rough around the edges. I didn't feel compelled to order another. 

The food, on the other hand, is absolutely spectacular. We ordered a few appetizers: the cheese saganaki, spread pikilia (three spreads with pita, we chose tzatziki, htipiti which is roasted red peppers, cayenne, and feta, and potato skordalia which is potato and garlic). The cheese saganaki is literally kefalograviera cheese (whatever that is) that is LITERALLY SET ON FIRE. This is one of the best things I have ever eaten in my entire life. The cheese develops this absolutely incredible little crust. 

The spreads were also unbelievable. The tzatziki was incredibly creamy and delicious. The potato one was also fucking bomb as was the htipiti (try pronouncing that to the waiter lmao). They were so smooth and flavorful. I'd even eat CELERY with that shit. 

I also ordered the kale salata with baby kale, sliced apples, crispy chickpeas, olives, cucumbers, cherry tomatoes, and grated feta. The dressing was extremely light and the salad overall was refreshing. It was a huge quantity and I was unable to finish it all. 

Additionally as a side I ordered the greek fried potatoes which are essentially thick-cut french fries seasoned and topped with grated kefalograviera (whatever that is again but I am now tempted to look it up on google) cheese. These were again, one of the best fries I've ever had. I definitely recommend ordering these bad boys. 

This place was sensational. I see that you can order from here for delivery on the website??? For rEALZ? I would definitely take them up on that shit.
Two friends and I went into Estia on a whim one evening where we planned on dining outside, but then realized it was too chilly for al fresco.  i'm really glad we made the decision to eat inside because this place is beautiful!  The decor is really charming and romantic.  The food is on a very short list of my personal favorites.  I've only been here once, but I can't wait to go back!

One of my friends ordered the Estia Chips which are fried zucchini and eggplant with tzatziki and were absolutely delicious.  I had the feta and olives and was in heaven.  I don't know why it was so much better than any greek olives and feta cheese I've had at home or elsewhere, but it was superb.  The next time I'm there I'll definitely have to try something from their mouth-watering fish selection, but on my visit I went with a "main land selection".  I got the kotopoulo, which is roasted chicken served with carmelized onions,  yogurt orzo and a lemon chicken thyme jus.  it's been about a year since i've been there and i can still remember the taste. 

usually i hate having to go down or up stairs to use the restroom, but estia is my one and only exception.  this place would win my vote for best restroom in a philadelphia restaurant.  it makes you not so mad about the walk downstairs in heels! 

i would highly recommend estia to anyone, regardless of whether or not you're into greek food.  if you eat here and don't like it, there might be something wrong with you.
Put down that menu.

Order the Plaki.

Anything else you get will be inferior.

I swear to God the sea bass they use in this luscious sauce must have been fed only butter and ice cream during an entire life which consisted of straight up chillin' in perfect blue waters.
When it comes to dining experiences, I've definitely had better.

A friend and I went to Estia on Friday night before a show at the Academy of Music. I was pretty stoked- despite walking by Estia hundreds of times since moving to Philly, I had never been. 

We walked in and our server, Patrick (I only know his name because it was on our bill), asked us what we'd like to drink before we even had our coats off. Um, can you give us a minute? I asked if it was still happy hour. "I have no idea if it's still happy hour," he said in an unfriendly tone. "Happy hour is only at the bar."

We sat down, I opened my menu. "HAPPY HOUR IS FROM 4-6PM" it said.

...how did Patrick not know this?

When Patrick came back, he asked if we had any questions about the menu. I asked if he preferred the fresh fish of the day, or the shrimp souvlaki. He said "shrimp souvlaki" so fast and without any sort of explanation-- I was afraid to order the fresh fish. Yikes. 

Kelsey and I were doing the pre-theater menu, which was three courses for $30. I had heard so much about the baklava at Estia and wanted to try it, so I asked if I could swap baklava for one of the pre-theater menu dessert offerings. On the dessert menu, the baklava was the same $7 that the walnut honey cake (an option from the pre-fixe) was. I didn't think it would be a big deal.

"I don't make the rules here," Patrick said defensively. He explained some simple math. "It'll be a $4 upcharge for the baklava." 

I said that was fine.

Our appetizers came. Dips + calamari. They were decent. Kelsey and I both really enjoyed our shrimp souvlaki. They shrimp come grilled on a skewer with a tower of orzo on the side. The orzo has melted feta mixed throughout- really tasty.

Dessert was walnut honey cake and baklava. The cake was a little dry. The baklava was great! 

It ended up being a $5 upcharge.

Patrick only checked on us once, and only seemed gracious when he brought the check. Other than that, we seemed like a bother to him. I'm not writing off Estia entirely, I would just stay away from this server. He made our night out on the town a little less than pleasant.
Estia is a Greek and Mediterranean restaurant near City Hall. It's across the street from the Academy of Music. Appropriately, you can hear Greek music in the background. The place has an area with frozen fish, and you can pick out the kind you want for your meal. Estia is large, with a basement dining and banquet area, and clean bathrooms. I've been here for a dinner and happy hour and was pleased each time.

Steven is an excellent server - he paid attention to our table, when we were a party of about 12. Ask for him if you go! The food there is excellent (and pricey) and don't forget to try the Greek alcoholic beverages.

For the happy hour, we were able to work with them to get appetizers - two bartenders served us - Trudy mixed many shots for us (some which were awful and others that hit the spot) and was friendly and professional. Recommended!
The Plaki.

That's all you need to know. 

It's the thickest, most succulent, moist chunk of sea bass your mouth will ever have the pleasure of indulging in. Not only does the fish itself exude tenderness and flakiness beyond all imagination, but the skin is as crisp as a Pringle. It's sopped in a tomato broth complete with whole stewed tomatoes accompanied by other green vegetables that are equally soft and equally amazing. 

It's also kind of huge, so you could probably share it with an equally ravenous guest provided you get an appetizer (or two) to fill. Although the complimentary hummus and bread might be enough - go ahead, indulge. The hummus is creamy and spotted with olives, lending just enough of that Mediterranean flavor to make you year for an ocean sunset...and to extend an olive branch to your arch nemesis...almost.

The Estia chips are also a pleasure: the super thin fried zucchini and eggplant chips are stacked beautifully, taste wonderfully, and are served with a creamy taziki dip that's not over powered by dill.
I'm not a huge fan on Greek food, but on a recommendation we gave this restaurant a try, and are so glad we did! The first thing that impressed us was the space and ambiance. The restaurant is so gorgeous and really sets the tone for a fabulous date night. 
If raw bars are your thing, Estia has a very impressive one which is essentially the showcase of the restaurant. We didn't try anything from the raw bar but I fully intent to on my next visit!
We went during restaurant week so service was slightly slow, but once we got started, our waitress was very lovely and attentive. We had lots of questions and she answered them all patiently and made great recommendations. 
I had to have the spanakopita, and it did not disappoint. I definitely recommend this as a starter, and the portion was quite large so it can be shared. 
My boyfriend got the octopodi believe it was called?  Basically grilled octopus on top of various vegetables. This was out of my comfort zone but I'm glad I tried a bite because it was delicious. 
I didn't try any of the bread they gave us, but it looked delicious for what that's worth! It looked like it was served with hummus and olive oil.
Also way out of my comfort zone were the lamb chops I ordered for my entree, but omg they were fabulous! They were served with a delicious sauce and was seriously one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted. Again, the portions were very generous so I was able to share the deliciousness with my boyfriend who was super impressed as well.  We also shared a plate of roasted vegetables which made for the perfect accoutrement to our wonderful meals. 
Everything at Estia was perfect.  I fully intend on going back and working my way through the rest of the menu.
This being my top pick for restaurant week after lengthy deliberation, I wasn't as in love as I expected to be. The best thing we had were the scallops that were not part of the restaurant week menu. The tomato and feta sauce was a tad salty, but this was easily remedied by the fact that you can control how much sauce to have with each bite of scallop. The scallops were quite literally cooked to perfection. They had a nice crunchy sear on the outside and were buttery sweet on the inside. Not too firm or overcooked, and simply sweet from being So fresh. And I want to be clear that 'buttery' here describes the texture of clean, firm, yet melt in your mouth sea creature flesh, not that it was covered in butter.

The second best thing was lamb chops. These were very well cooked and well seasoned also, albeit kind of fatty. I guess I could have trimmed off the fat myself, but they gave me a butter knife and I just kind of gave up trying.  These were served with boiled (?} potato wedges, kind of a weird texture, I didn't touch them. The yogurt sauce is exactly what you'd expect, the tanginess helped cut the fat on the chops. The whole grilled fish was just okay, the capers and fresh herbs slightly overwhelmed the delicate and thin fish. There were also quite a bit of bones. 

Spinach pie was a bit salty, the grilled octopus was underseasoned and served with hard bits of lettuce, not very appetizing. I don't like baklava so I won't describe how the bite went, the semolina cake kind of tasted like a nutty cornbread; nothing to write home about.

What I was most disappointed by were the drinks. I should've made up my mind and stuck with a bottle of wine or some beers on the list that I knew to be good. Instead I let my indecisiveness overpower reason and went with 3 different cocktails (yep, 3). Polyponnese Fizz, Greek Gimlet and Rum Punch. I didn't love, no, I didn't even especially like any of them. I also tried a little bit of the Athens Smash, which was the sole cocktail featuring whiskey, and that was actually my favorite though that's not to say it was even very good, only the least bad of the bunch.

*** That's all on the food.***

Services was okay. We distinctly waited between each course and drink, but that's expected for a Friday night during restaurant week. The hostess was sweet to call and leave a voice mail before our reservation. Just as I was going "what time Was it again", I got the message left by the restaurant; nice touch!

The seating was a bit uncertain, the waiter for a large party behind me elbowed me in the back of my head, and apologized without even turning around.
Classic, traditional Greek seafood restaurant, but at the higher end of the spectrum ... always seems to have the freshest everything, always very professional, knowledgeable staff. Keep it in mind when when you're looking for a place for a "special occasion." It's also a great location to stop in before or after a show or concert on the Ave of the Arts, so tell the waiter or bartend if you have tickets somewhere, and they'll make sure you're on time. My favorite is to stop in before a concert and sit at the bar. Everything off the grill is excellent - sardines especially, and you won't find them grilled like this in many other places. The cheese saganaki is also great, although salty of course. 

If you're shy about trying the Greek wine, don't be. I recommend the Agiorgitico 
Saint George, Domaine Skouras, Nemea, 2011. Just tell them you want the "St. George" red.

Note also their sister restaurant in NYC, Avra Estiatorio - at least they used to have the same owner and very similar design and menu.
Avoid at all costs.

9 of us booked a private room for our parents 30th wedding anniversary.  We arrived 15 mins early and after having a drink at the bar we were told by the hostess the room would not be available as a party arrived 45 mins late and we could wait another hour or so if we wanted.  We asked to See the manager.  Steve was rude not helpful.  It was "Sorry there is nothing I can do". We left and went to a great Steve Starr restaurant.  Steven the manager should be taught both manners and what a service industry is all about.
Restaurant week review!

I started with a nice malbec (and a generous pour at that).

The first course was the octopus served over onions.  The octopus was well cooked, wasn't overly chewy, and had a good amount of woody flavor to it.  I would happily order a large plate of this as an entree.

My main dish was the lamb chops served with roasted potatoes and tzatziki.  The lamb was very well cooked, the dish came with three nice sized chops.  The meat was well cooked, a nice earthy taste to them.  The potatoes were well cooked.  

The baklava was not layered, it had dough on the top and bottom, and nuts in the middle.  I prefer when baklava has many layers of dough and nut.  The taste was good, but it was not my favorite of this dish.

Typically, I am not a fan of the decor of Greek restaurants.  I often think that they look kind of cartoonish and cheesy.  However, this place has a classy look to it.  

Our service was friendly throughout and answered questions for us.
Lately, I haven't been a fan of the Greek restaurants I have come across (i.e. Dmitri's, Kuzina by Sophia), but this place left me yearning to come back for more.

I started off with an AMAZING martini made with Vanilla Vodka, Chambord and Pineapple juice which was beautiful and tasty.

The bread and hummus they served was delicious but my only recommendation to them would be to serve pita instead of crusty sourdough (or whatever kind of bread that is)-it doesn't go with hummus.

My friend and I each ordered the prix fix menu (which was good but very small)

We had the following:
Trio of Dips-every dip was excellent
 
Spanakopita-was served with a lamb meatball and looked more like a turnover than your traditional spanakopita which is made with phylo dough

Horataki Salad-the dressing on this was awesome but the salad was imbalanced.  Too much tomato, just enough feta cheese, not enough cucumber and green pepper. Next time I order this, I will let them know. 

Mousaka-The best and most unique moussaka I have ever had.

Dorrado-I didn't taste this fish but my friend liked it

For dessert we had the semolina cake (i actually forget what it was called) but it was a cake with a syrup of diabetes drizzled all over it. Very good but VERY sweet.

I can't wait to bring the husband.
Estia is everything a great restaurant should be. Delicious & creative cuisine (try the eggplant!) ; wonderful service; and a welcoming atmosphere. Great greek wines too, listened to our waiters recommendation, and tried a great new one.
Not my favorite, Expensive for the quality of food. its not bad but not top notch, either. I went there once and i don't think i will go again. Service was not excellent on weekend lunch- they were not super busy, only three other tables besides us. Overall, I was not impressed.
Two Yelps!
For the cost of our meal, we weren't blown away. I hate to factor price into rating but let's be real, that dinner's not gonna pay for itself and how much you spend in one sitting definitely affects when your next visit will be. With that said, I'm definitely a fan!

Starters: LOVED the grilled octopus. I would be more than happy to double (or triple) the portion and have as my main. We also tried the Spanakopita, which was surprisingly good! The octopus won by far though. 

Entrees: Friend had the lamb chops, which were deliciously marinated, served with potatoes and tzatziki sauce. Meat was succulent and perfectly charred - this was a classic dish done right. I had a grilled whole sea bass, lightly seasoned with herb and capers. It was nice, but I have a heavy/salty palate so would opt for the lamb next time. 

Drinks: Tried the Athens Smash and Greek Gimlet - both forgettable. Referencing Greece in the name doesn't change the fact that these cocktails are just your basic concoctions marketed at $12 each. I'll take a bottle of Mythos instead. Would pass all together. 

This is a great place to visit if you're looking to try something different and indulge a little. Atmosphere is on the casual side though you'll see some dressed to the nines. Cost adds up easily so be prepared. They do have a great 3-course prix-fixe theatre menu for $30 per person (and similar offerings for business/express lunch). Not sure if you need to show tickets, but this is worth looking into considering one entree alone is usually $30+ here. Cheers!
This place introduced me to Greek food and because of it, I now have a high standard for Greek food all over the world. I'll been here on multiple occasions for different reasons, there was an experience of a part of 2, there was an experience of a party of 12, and there was even an experience of a party of 20+. All occurances were equally excellent.

The first time I went here, unsure as to what I should order, the dishes were recommended by the server. He was GREAT. Extremely friendly and knew his dishes inside and out. 

These are the dishes I would recommend:

HOT MEZEDES:
Octopodi - Charcoal grilled octopus with red and white onions, dill, roasted peppers, capers, parsley and red wine vinaigrette
Yemista kalamarakia - Calamari stuffed with a trio of Greek cheeses, grilled served with lemon and extra virgin olive oil
Midia estia - New Zealand mussels, Metaxa, ouzo, shallots, dill, diced tomato and feta
Spread pikilia - Tzatziki, htipiti, melitzano salata served with grilled pita;
also available individually

A word or two about their fishes - they are extremely fresh and are their catch of the day. You can also say hi to your fish of choice before it gets beheaded. I recommend doing their seafood/fish tour before ordering. This will give you an idea as to which fish you might be protentially ordering. I won't order these fishes without taking a peak.

I've tried their fishes, but have never tried their other "land" dishes. However, with the large party, most of the dishes on the menu got ordered (some repeated). The final review? All the dishes served by the restaurant is excellent...! 

So why the 4 stars? The level of service, (incrediablly good) not a five star. Yes, they're highly attentive, very knowledgable, however, it is not a 5 star rating (but this is JUST my opinion).

I highly recommend this place and I highly push/suggest that you order/try something you would not normally eat elsewhere. Worth the money, worth the experience!
What constitutes a five star rating?  The criteria used to assess a rating are going to vary from each individual.  I believe that the reviewer must incorporate the cuisine, atmosphere, service, and price and measure these items on a relative basis.  A hamburger joint could earn a five star, as it should be judged for what it offers and portends to offer.  Similarly a Ritz Carlton could fail to live up to its charter, and only earn 3 or 4 stars.

With that in mind, I award Estia 4.5 stars, thus the 4 star rating above.  Read below for reasoning.

This is an excellent restaurant, and is priced as such.  The presentation, flavors and textures of the various dishes we enjoyed, and the quality and serving portions were all in accordance with what one expects.  However, there were enough minor misses that preclude me from awarding 5 stars for this type of restaurant.

We ordered wines by the glass so that we could sample assorted varietals and discover Greek wines.  We were not disappointed by the selections, only the price. There were ample choices by the glass, yet the prices average $12, and the bottle selections average $50+, so clearly their pricing is out of line.  After all we're talking about fine Greek wines, not fine Bordeaux, or California cabs.

After reading an earlier review where the chips were recommended, knowing my wife really enjoys these sort of things, we started with an order to accompany our first round of drinks.  These Estia chips ($12) are very thinly sliced zucchini & eggplant breaded and baked/fried.  Absolutely delicious, and highly recommended.

Second course with our next round of drinks were two more hot appetizers: an order of grilled octopus ($19) & the stuffed cheese calamari ($12).  Both were excellent, yet the calamari was obviously very rich with the cheese.  Both were perfectly prepared, and I'd definitely be willing to have the octopus again.

With the above three appetizers, we opted for only one main dish.  Prior to arrival I was oriented towards ordering a whole fish, of which many species were on display to choose from.  We had several options that were enticing, yet chose the plate of Plaki (sea bass) ($29).  Unlike an earlier reviewer who claimed her fish was dry or not perfect (she should have sent it back), our sea bass was extremely tender, flaky, and superbly flavored.  The dish came out already divided onto two plates for us without us asking, which was very thoughtful and appreciated.  The fish was hot, and remained so as we enjoyed every morsel, and a third glass of wine each (at this point of the evening, one more glass for the two of us to share would have been better).

Fortunately we made room for one order of the Ekmek ($8) which is something like a greek version of tiramisu, without any cocoa.  Creamy custard filling served amidst flaky phyllo dough topped with grated almonds.  As with every single item we ate this night, this too was delicious.

So, it seems I've given a glowing report on the evening.  Yes it was.  So then why only 4 stars and not five?  As I alluded to earlier, when I anticipate a certain caliber, especially for the price, I expect that I shouldn't have to ask for sea salt to be brought to the table three times.  The stemware could have been a little finer, as well as the napkins.  While I'm not put off by the price, it was a tad high for what we received, thus helping to raise their own bar for excellence.  I certainly did appreciate our server (Jeff) and the usually quick runners bringing the food out.  I look forward to returning with friends, and perhaps for a large group enjoy the private wine cellar downstairs.
I had a terrible experience at Estia the first time around, and decided to go back there one more time before an orchestra concert to give it another try.  I should have gone with my instinct.

My first visit, I went with 5 family members and we sat at a great long table in the middle of the restaurant.  Our location proved to be detrimental, however, to a pleasant dining experience, because not only were we in the middle of the "organized chaos" of the waiters running around, but we were the main focus of the extremely pushy owner.  He hung on the table, and talked us into ordering things that we did not want.  He also refused to budge on a supplemental item to have on the prix-fixe menu for my vegetarian sister, and demanded that she get something else.  

Our next visit, I went with three family members, and sat in a quieter corner.  This time, the very same pushy owner came up to our table (much to my dismay), only to realize that he did not go to the table which he intended to go.  So in the middle of offering a drink order, he stopped mid-sentence, turned, and walked over to the next table!  Not a word.  And to top off the indignation, we were not approached by a waiter for another ten minutes.  The whole meal was slow and extremely frustrating.  There is nothing to say about the food because the experience both times completely blocked everything else out.  

For the prices you pay here, there are hundreds of other fabulous restaurants within blocks where you would have a much more pleasant dining experience.

***Follow up note - within 2 days of posting this review, I received an email from the GM to apologize for the experiences we had and to invite me back to try Estia again.  I added another star for this customer service, as most places do not take the time to read or respond to online reviews.  That is great management.***
came twice before catching shows at the academy of music across the street.

:: pre-theater menu ($30, 3 courses) is a good deal if you were planning to get one of those entree items anyways

:: appetizers are good-sized and can serve as entrees if you're not too hungry

:: slow service: pre-theater menu took us almost 2 hours to get through, and we had to rush them every 5 mins for the last half hour to make it; even ordering off the regular menu, it still took them half an hour to bring our food out

:: delicious bread + hummus, but try not to fill up on it while waiting (a ridiculously long time) for your food

:: really good fresh fish cooked in light sauces. my fav is the sea bass

:: can easily accommodate large parties

:: bathrooms are downstairs, with two side-by-side wooden doors to the women's/men's. don't get confused, i saw it almost happen once

for what it's worth, still a bit on the expensive side. 3.5 stars, rounding up.
Yes to Estia! 

To start, I love Greek food. I mean, I'm a foodie, so I love all cuisines. 

But once in a while, I get a Greek craving I can't shake. 

This is probably one of the best Greek spots I have been able to find!

I've gone both during restaurant week, and just as normal dinners out. I've never been disappointed in the food quality or service. You must check it out. 

Some recommendations:

starters:

spread pikilia

horiatiki salata 

romaine salata

grilled shrimp 

crab cake 


entrees:

I love the shrimp souvlaki! 

Occasionally, I've been known to change it up to the fish of the day. 


some tasty sides:

horta

potato ladorigani

grilled asparagus

potato tiganites

spanakorizo

The food is authentic. The service is excellent. Highly recommended!
Some friends and I ate here tonight to ring in the start of Philly's Restaurant Week. When I first arrived, only a few members of my party were there, so we waited at the bar - the bartender was friendly. The reservation was for six people, but there ended up being seven, but they were gracious and didn't hassle us about the number. Our waiter was friendly (I forget his name - sorry), and very efficient. They made sure that our water glasses were never empty. 

I ordered the spanakopita, the moussaka and the karidopita for dessert. They started us out with bread and this DELICIOUS hummus. Keep in mind, I grew up on hummus, and went through a few years where I couldn't even stand to hear it mentioned. Tonight though, I tore that hummus up! The spanakopita was just a bunch of flaky, spinachy goodness. I tasted a bit of my friend's saganaki, and it was also very tasty. The moussaka was also good, and very filling. In fact, by the time I finished my entree, I was almost full, but being the true foodie that I am, I made sure to get my dessert. The karidopita was good, albeit a little too wet for my tastes. 

Again, I am a foodie, so to enhance my culinary experience I wanted a cup of coffee with my karidopita. Our waiter was nowhere around, so I asked what appeared to be a nice blonde with a Sarah Palin-esque updo to bring me a cup of coffee. Well, if eye rolling was an Olympic sport, Miss Thing would have gotten the gold, silver and the bronze, because apparently, I as the patron should have known not to ask her for coffee. She didn't say anything out of pocket (which meant she hadn't totally lost her mind), which was good because I don't play that - especially not when I'm spending my money. Governor Palin relayed the message to our waiter, and he had one of the servers bring me the coffee.

The decor also gets an A+ from me - it was beautiful! I'm sure I'll go back to Estia. Other than my run in with Gov. Palin, I had a lovely time. In fact, despite her lack of customer service skills (maybe she's just as inexperienced as the other Gov. Palin), I'll give Estia the full 5 stars. 

Great food, atmosphere and company - what else can a girl ask for?
Overall a very good Greek restaurant with very fresh ingredients served in a very comfortable and quaint setting. The grilled octopus was fantastic, and similar to other Mediterranean places (although I wish there was a tad more spices added...) I loved how the fresh fish options were very large and of Mediterranean species that I was absolutely unfamiliar with. The waiter said they fly their fish in several times a week, and they all indeed tasted very fresh. The waiter brought out two whole fishes of what was to be prepared, which was a really nice touch that I've seen only a few Greek places do. 

Slight downsides: Service is good but not stellar, and the wine selection is a tad limited (but not a small selection). 

Overall an excellent restaurant and great environment to have very fresh Greek food.
I'm not terribly impressed with Estia.  I visited post-theater on a Saturday night and it was packed to the gills.  I was seated quickly but waited about 25 minutes before I was even acknowledged by a server.  When he arrived, he was completely nonchalant--chipper even--as if I hadn't sat there for almost a half-an-hour without so much as a glass of water.  Normally, I would have left but it was freezing outside and I didn't feel like hoofing it to another restaurant.

I love Greek food and, while it's certainly not the best I've had, Estia is passable.  The dips are OK but the moussaka is weird.  I'm a texture snob and the bechamel has the consistency of a very runny egg--it practically jiggles.  For dessert, I had the walnut honey cake which, like most Greek desserts, was way too sweet (didn't deduct stars for that).

Opa or Yianni's (in Bethlehem) are better bets.
Estia is beautiful and has the perfect ambiance.

They makes me best octopus appetizer I've ever tasted. It was tender and juicy! I could seriously have 10 plates of it. 

Yum yum yum. Octopus....
Restaurant week review:

Who doesn't love CCD restaurant week? Multiple courses for only $35? Total steal. Anyways, I went with a decent sized group of friends to Estia for their restaurant week special. The deal was three courses - an appetizer, entree, and dessert from a prix fix menu. 

Shrimp appetizer - I'm typically not a seafood person, but was really craving shrimp and this appetizer stuck out. The description was slightly misleading. I was expecting shrimp with a bunch of cherry tomatoes, but when the dish arrived, it was a few shrimp with a small salad and a tomato half. Despite all of this, the shrimp was delicious and worth it.

Lamb entree - it's hard to go to a Greek restaurant and not get lamb. It's just so good. The lamb entree came with three chops, a size of potatoes, and tzaiki. The lamb was cooked medium, was soft, and seasoned perfectly. Highly recommend.

Dessert - I went with baklava which is usually a good choice, but I was kind of disappointed. The pieces were incredibly hard and potentially overcooked. They were still edible but just not satisfying.

All in all, the experience was okay but could've been better. I would give closer to 3.5 stars if I could, but the waitress was on point and it was restaurant week after all.
I've been meaning to come here for a while - but always forget to make reservations in time.  But when they popped up on Phillys Restaurant Week for 2017 we jumped at the excuse to go! There were 5 of us, and we came here on a Wednesday night around 7pm and it was pretty packed!

Unlike most restaurants during RW, Estia let us take our time over our appetizers, main courses, and didn't rush us to finish our meals or leave table (we stayed until around 8:45 - pretty long for a weekday dinner!)...I eat really slowly.

I write this knowing RW is a limited sampling of what they had to offer - but I'm still in love.

- For appetizer, I ordered the the "Octopodi" (grilled octopus over red/sweet onions - it was beyond delightful, cooked and seasoned properly, and almost too much for me to finish on my own!  I also tried the Saganaki (seared kefalograviera cheese) which was heavenly.
- Dinner was killer - I've heard legends about their sea bass, so I ordered the Lavraki without hesitation - it was beyond great.  The capers added such a wonderful flavor component as well (Good Greek capers, not like the ones you get in a kosher deli)  HUGE serving - recommending to share even! (I posted a photo).  I got to try the lamb chops with tzatziki, that's probably what I would order the next time I visit - they were phenomenal.
-Dessert - oh hello! The choices were baklava or olive oil cake - I ordered the baklava and it was perfectly flaky, yet sweet and almost dripping with honey. Goodness.  The olive oil cake was surprisingly good too -  sweeter than I thought and almost an orange flavor - I might actually order that next time!

We also ordered a Greek Salad to share - that feta tho. oh man.  Definitely do this - the veggies were so ripe and wonderful (it's January!!).  Also bread with hummus was served for the table - a nice lemon-y hummus, so delish!

Drinks were good too - I ordered the Dionysis - fresh fruit and vodka - what more could I want?

Overall I cannot wait to come back here and sample the menu more. Service was impeccable, friendly, and helpful. Not too loud, and had a fun atmosphere. Seems like a really great date place if you can get a table tucked to the side.
I went here with a friend and was satisfied with the service here.  We ordered Estia chips as our appetizer which were absolutely great to munch on alongside our bread.  We both got fish entrees and both were pretty good. Mine was not as flavorful as I would have liked, thus I knocked down a star. Unfortunately I don't remember the name of the dish, I feel like I got the halibut or something like that.  But other than that, it was a great place to eat.  It was quiet, the decor was nice, the service was kind, the place was clean, and for a dinner on a weeknight, it was great.  I would definitely come here again.
After my posting the management went out of their way to resolve my issues by taking care of my dry cleaning expenses and issuing me a gift card.  Has been quite an ordeal but I'm glad that they did the right thing.
Estia appears to garner high praise and enthusiastic endorsements from many of its patrons; why, however, is not obvious to me.  My wife and I (in town for a getaway weekend) came here at the recommendation of our hotel concierge.  His two prior suggestions had been spot-on, but he missed the boat with this one.

Estia is pretty much like every other Greek restaurant you've ever been to.  A bit more deliberately upscale, perhaps, but with the same cacaphonous and slightly chaotic ambience.  There's nothing wrong with that - but there's nothing special about it either.  Don't come here expecting an evening of elegant dining.

The food was - okay.  I will happily acknowledge that my lamb chops were tasty and tender, that we enjoyed the hummus and bread, and the calamari appetizer was light and tender.  The menu was stock Greek fare, however; the romaine and country salads were unremarkable, and the wine list was too deliberately confined to Greek vintages.

Our principal disappointment was the service.  The most suitable adjective might be "perfunctory".  The waitstaff seemd to be phoning it in - coming to take our order, then to take our empty plates, and finally to deliver the check.  We saw far more of the fellow who refilled our water glasses (attentively) then we ever did of our actual waiter.  And when the check did come, delivered by a woman whom we had not theretofore seen, she deposited it on our table without even breaking stride, in a practiced and fluid movement that reminded me of nothing so much as a body being rolled out the door of a moving car.

Look, it wasn't awful.  I've had much worse experiences.  (In a way I wish this had been one of them, so that I would at least have the pleasure of telling and re-telling the story.)  It was just utterly, completely, uninspiring, and far short of the expectations that we'd taken into the place.  If you like Greek / Mediterranean food, and are don't mind feeling a bit like you're just another of the evening's couple hundred customers, then it's fine.  But if you're looking for something fresh, a new experience or a special night out, there are *lots* of better choices in town.
I asked for a steak medium rare.... Well done.. I don't ask them to take food back, because I fear what they might do to my food.  The waiter overheard me complain and insisted he correct the issue.  They brought me a completely different cut of meat that was again well done when I asked for medium rare.  Everyone agreed that the food was mediocre at best.  No one wanted to go back there.
usually when one hears "but it's so big!" the party involved takes it as a compliment.  i tend to disagree in this case.

i've been to estia a few times now, both times within the course of several months.  the food is good--fairly classic greek mediterranean dishes.  and i never turn down food, especially seafood when it's well-prepared and fresh.

that being said, the waiters both times were a bit odd.  the first one was just odd, the second one was just kinda rude and odd.

i don't know why, but it just bothers me that the place can seat 500 people or something. and i feel like i'm walking through a maze when i'm there.  it loses its ambiance and flavor.  the corny tvs in the downstairs that are playing videos of greece and the padlocked coat check just really don't do it for me.
How have I walked by this place so many times without realizing what a gem lies inside?  Thankfully, my mom suggested we dine here last week before Wicked - their $33 pre-show dinner is no secret, as it's advertised in every playbook in the city.

I was blown away just walking in the door - you truly feel like you've been transported to the Mediterranean. The decor is so well done, you can easily forget you're in Philadelphia. The staff is friendly too, and not at all judgemental of those who are forsaking the $40-$50 entrees for the fixed-price menu. 

The food is delicious - everything my mom and I had we loved, especially the buttery, flaky baklava (totally worth the $2 upcharge). It may have taken me years to finally check this place out, but I'll definitely be back soon!
Greek food is better than this. The cuisine is based on freshness and simplicity, and these two traits are nowhere to be found in this monstrosity. This is the type of "open the can and serve" type of restaurants that are common in the theatre district. It's sad to see Greek cuisine be so shabbily treated.
A wonderful restaurant with great ambience, tasty innovative dishes (roasted prawns were delicious and the olive leaves wrapped appetizers were very original and succulent), but with inattentive extremely spotty and rude service across the board. Were it not for the food quality and general ambience I would have given them 2 stars. 

We went there on January 8. A very cold evening. 

It was not a busy evening for the restaurant. Their dining room is very spacious. Only a few tables were occupied. After we were seated, we waited for over 15 minutes to even have a waiter come to our table. After we placed the order, we waited for even longer (and our orders were not complicated dishes; see pictures). The service was very spotty as they forgot about some of the dishes we ordered. We had to chase them up. 

When serving us, the waiter was extremely rude. He came with our dishes. Dropped them on our table without even making eye contact or saying anything. He kept walking (as he dropped the plates) and just zoomed past our table. It was not as if he was in a hurry to serve other tables, because the restaurant was empty.
Philadelphia is a place of history and I have a complicated history with Estia in Center City, a restaurant strategically located across from the Academy of Music. I remember it as the site of the elegant Dilullo Centro, hangout of Leland Beloff and Nicky Scarfo back in the 1980s. Later, as a priest, I performed the wedding of two dear friends in their downstairs banquet room. So, it was interesting to go to lunch there yesterday, my first time as a regular diner at Estia, a high-end emporium of creative Greek cuisine. I was immediately impressed with the rustic chic of the room.

For appetizers, my hostess and I shared the Estia Chips, zucchini and eggplant fried crispy served with tzatziki, and some grilled and marinated octopus, sliced and served over red and sweet onions, dressed with grilled peppers, capers and red wine vinaigrette. Both were exquisite! For an entree I had a grilled swordfish steak topped with tomato, caper and olive relish and she feasted on marinated chicken skewered with peppers and onions. The mashed carrots were a nice touch. Save room for dessert, they're all fabulous.

Fabulous too was our waiter, Brandon. He was courteous, friendly, and attentive. He was knowledgeable about the food and evinced a professionalism that complemented the pretty setting and the standard of the cuisine.
I love whole fish and the black bass here is amazing. It's baked and served with olive oil and oregano. Pair it with the grilled octopus appetizer and pita and tzatziki. Baklava was pretty good as well. If you are looking for some great Greek food, this is the place. I tried a few bites f the succulent lamb chop and had it not been for the delicious fish sitting in front of me, my friend would have deprived of his meal.
Place is. Beautiful inside. Both upstairs and downstairs.?nice open kitchen would be cool if a table was put close by. A chefs table and the display if fresh fish on ice is custom style of Greece. 
Service needs work. They dress like they work in an old diner or trapped in Athens 1981. They almost rush the initial dishes out there and just drop it on a table like " here ya go". You make the room as your latest dish is sitting on the closest edge of the table. They don't know  how to pace.You can get your first two apps within five minutes than wind up sitting there for 20 min until your main comes out. I hate that shit. 
Dolmades I liked but I almost thought it was more Turkish with pie nuts and currants in it. Whatever though no one has a patent on that shit, scallops saganaki is basically shrimp saganaki. Still works though the scallops were a little too seared might be using olive oil to cook them. Octopodi was fine. I liked it, thank god it wasn't the traditional lone tentacle that looks like a rats tail they put out in most Greek restaurants. Mains: I had the tuna, I like it though for $30+ it's a rip off and presentation sucks. Literally like 3oz tuna and half ass cut beets and wild greens that come with it. If the fish is fresh and your a half an idiot you can't fuck it up that bad just expecting a little more bang for buck. My woman's kotopoulo( chicken), sucked ! Dry, stringy and couldn't finish it. Desserts need work . Baklava needed more syrup, too dry. Galaktobouriko take it easy with the orange in the recipe. Both cut in classic Pythagorean triangles same as in every traditional Greek bakery old school restaurant. 
Music was a nice touch with the guy playing the bouzouki.
All in all place is beautiful reminded me of Avra in NYC. Food isn't as good and needs overall work. 3 apps, 2 mains, 2 desserts and two drinks ran me like $170 with tip.  Wouldn't spend that money again just because I like the way a place looks and the music.
C'mon you can do so much better for what they are charging.

Skip it !!!!
I wanted to stay home. Going out for dinner on NYE's is such a racket it ain't funny.

You had to be seated before 7pm so you could eat off the regular menu. So we had a 6:15 reservation. Luckily I got there first so I could play musical chairs. First they put us in the cheap seats by the door. HELLO Wintry draft. Went up to the hostess, could you kindly move us. Moved then to the tiniest table in philadelphia. While sitting at the tiniest table known to man I asked the hostess if they could move us. Hostess told us it was the only other spot in the house. So when our poor waiter shows up and asks me how I am i tell him I'm not happy and want to talk to a manager. Manager moves us to a spacious 4 top, but with a lackluster waiter. 

Waiter was so unenthused and felt the need to explain tzatziki to us. Two nice jewish girls know greek food ok...

So I wasn't impressed with any of the cocktails they were offering so I didn't imbibe. I tend to prefer bourbon or whiskey anyway. 

We had the estia chips which I would happily come back for just the estia chips, salad and dessert. I felt the spanakopita was lackluster, bland and sad. You're a greek joint, a fancy greek joint at that...get your act together. The saganaki did not come to the table piping hot and sizzling. It was also a let down. 

We shared the Horiataki salad, which was lovely on a cold winters night to have a fresh tomato that did not taste mealy, however, my carbon footprint shudders to think where that pretty baby came from. 

What really shone were the desserts. We had the Ekmek, which you must get if you visit Estia and don't have a nut allergy. It is pistachio heaven layered between custard and whipped cream. Seriously delicious. We also had the baklava which could have been warmer, but was still lovely. 

I'd go back but only for estia chips, salad and dessert.
I recently dined here after the flower show this past weekend and had such a good experience! The food was fresh and delicious and the service was fantastic. I can't believe I hadn't been here before, but I definitely will be back.

I went with 3 others around 3pm, which was right when their sunday brunch menu turned into their dinner menu. We weren't starving and the dinner menu is extremely pricey, so we decided to order a bunch of appetizers instead of main entrees, which worked out perfectly. 

Bread came out first and was served with a creamy hummus that would give Dizengoff a run for its money. We then split the following dishes: 
Grilled calamari- tender and well seasoned
Mussels- HUGE new zealand prawns, like 3x the size of normal mussels, in a flavorful garlicky broth with feta. Easily my favorite dish of the meal-- a must get!
Spanakopita- classic dish, super flaky and good
Grilled shrimp- tender shrimp, a little forgettable 
Octopodi- tender and well seasoned octopus, went well with capers and the other components on the plate, my 2nd favorite behind the mussels
Pita with tzatzki and htipiti- both spreads were flavorful and paired nicely with the pita
Kale salata- nice refreshing salad, fried chickpeas were delicious and I could have eaten a bowl full of them!

We also split the gelato and sorbet (you can pick three) and the Ekmek. The gelato/sorbet we got were grapefruit (very sour!), pistachio (yum), and baklava (my fav of the three, had a very cinnamon and nutty flavor). The Ekmek was not my favorite because I don't love custard but my dining partners loved it!

Service was great from beginning to end. We ended up waiting a little bit longer for the mussels and they comped it without us even asking.. it was so nice and unnecessary! Can't wait to come back!
Elevated greek cuisine!

When I feel for greek, but not just any greek. Something a little bit more upscale and well done. I go to Estia.

Eating at Estia is always a great experience.  From walking in you get that inviting feeling, that warms you right up.  Not many large restaurants can do this, but it is achieved here.  

Location is key.  Right off broad street and across from the academy of music, the place can be hopping at times if there are good shows in town.

So much choices is the only dilemma I have when i eat here.  But the servers are cool and they offer very good suggestions on things, if you can't make up your mind or if you are stupid and brainless and just like people picking things for you. LOL

The last trip here we had the stuffed calamari and scallops for appetizers.  Both excellent in taste, but the scallops were more memorable in my opinion.  Big and moist and in a succulent tomato sauce.  Entrees were lamb chops and moussaka.  What can I say.  Greeks do so many things well and lamb is by far one of them.  My chops were a perfect medium well with a nice char and moist inside.  They were so good I forgot what else was on the plate. Ok funny thing about the moussaka.  So my friend has never been to this restaurant, much less have never had much greek food.  And he goes and orders moussaka.  So i kept asking if he really wanted it.  It's just that moussaka can be off putting to some, since it's so complex, lots of flavors going on there.  And if not made well can just be an oily disgusting mess.  But I was pleasantly surprised that he liked it.  I like moussaka so it would have been all good anyway.  I would also recommend looking into the whole fish as an entree choice.  There are lots of different types of fish to choose from but ask for suggestions.  The fish is so well done, it will not disappoint.  Just be warned that some may need to be shared since it's so much food.

It was a slow night, but service was still great.  Our uber macho server was quite attentive, but kinda slow to ask if we needed more drinks.  I remember one server I had a while back Steven, was the ultimate server.  He was omnipresent, knew his shit about the menu and quite entertaining.

Again the ambience here is great.  Music in the background, pleasant sounds from the lots of chatty tables.  For a large restaurant you will still get that romantic feeling if you are looking for that, but you will definitely get a great meal.

Enjoy!
I've been here before and I had better service. Meal was delicious. I had the lambshank off the Theater Menu (since I was going to the theater). The calamari apps was very delicious. Made how I wish everyone else would make their calamari..unbreaded and flavorful.

I ordered a Mai Tai for drinks and it wasn't that good. Infact when I asked the server to get me a Mai Tai he seemed confused. 

Which gets me to the part where my visit here is TWO stars- Server was very unfriendly and sort of rude. His name is Mark (Yeah I try to notice the name of notable servers)

Mark must have been having a bad day. He did not smile once. Did not take time to explain anything on the menu. Acted like WE were disturbing him from his job..last I checked his job was to serve. He looked plain miserable. And it may have been nothing personal but geez, he could have at least acted like he was happy the weather was nice. 
His answers to any questions def made you not want to ask another question. 
He was just plain unpleasant. 
My first visit here, I had this very very nice older man...Mark is 180 degrees from that man.

Not coming back here. If you come here..watchout for Mark
This is hands down the best Greek restaurant in the city. I've dined both in and ordered take out and this place never fails to amaze me. The grilled octopus salad is so tender and flavorful! The salmon entree I ordered through Caviar was delivered like I was served in my own kitchen; it was so delicious! I highly recommend this place!
We hosted a Rehearsal Dinner for 80 people at Estia on March 22, 2013. The compliments are still coming in!  The ambiance (we had the downstairs room), the food, and the service were outstanding. The servers could not have been more helpful. People loved the Spanakopita, Greek salad, and the choice of entrees, which included their special Moussaka, fish, and Kotopoulo. The woman I dealt with (Anastasia) to plan this event was absolutely delightful. As a native New Yorker, I have never experienced such willingness to please. Although we did not eat in the main upstairs room, it was evident that that area, too, is just lovely. Many of our guests said they plan to return to the restaurant on their own soon. I enthusiastically recommend dinner for two, or for many, at Estia!
This is a recurring favorite restaurant of mine. I've been here for lunch and dinner a good handful of times by now. The interior is very nice and has a very calm but happy environment. It is never feels crowded. The food always tastes fresh and perfectly cooked. The sea bass is a personal favorite. And the service never disappoints! I can't wait to be back soon.
Started Center City Restaurant Week with a visit to Estia. The interior was absolute beautiful. We opted for the lunch prix fixe menu instead of the restaurant week lunch menu. They were priced the same, but we preferred the offerings on the prix fixe menu, and we didn't need the dessert which is included in the restaurant week deal.

Service was good. We ordered calamari and horiatiki salad (Greek salad), arctic char with spinach rice and mixed seafood souvlaki (kebabs served over a mixed greens salad). The calamari did not stand out. Everything else was pretty good. The char came with a sauce and capers on top and tended to be a little salty if not eaten with the rice, but eaten together it was perfect. The loveliness of the interior really made this visit for us. Would return and try some of the other offerings. A guest at a table near ours said the octopus appetizer was excellent.
Love! Came here for lunch and it was delicious!  It was very warm today, so we sat inside but by the open windows which was nice. Our server was great!  Very sweet and attentive.  It's really cute inside, real Mediterranean vibe!

The bring out a board of house hummus and bread.  The hummus was incredible.

We split the trio of spreads - we chose roasted pepper hummus, eggplant hummus and the tzatziki -all delicious!  We also split the grape leaves which were also so yummy.  I had the "country salad" which was perfect!  The tomatoes were very fresh and the dressing was very light and fresh. 

I will deff be back again!

Side note, when the bill came, I noticed they are owned by the same company as Pietros which I was SHOCKED by because the service and food is so much better.  If you've read my Pietros review, it is probably the worst experience I've had.  So props to Estia for stepping it up!
Came here for restaurant week with a few friends this week. Overall, it was a good experience. The ambience was really nice. We had 5 people and got seated in a corner, so it was quiet enough for us to carry our conversation. I thought the server was pretty good about coming by once in a while to see if we needed anything. 

I got soup of the day for appetizers. It was very flavorful. I was quite satisfied with it. For the entree, I got the lamb chops. It was also a delicious dish. It came with 3 lamb chops and some potatoes. The dessert, I was a little disappointed in. I got the Ravani. I had no idea what it was, but I saw gelato in the description, so I decided to go for it. Turns out, it's some sort of cake, which is fine. But the gelato that came with it was literally the size of a golf ball. Idk...I guess I had higher expectations for the amount of gelato was suppose to come with the ravani.
Restaurant week menu.  For $35 it was pretty effin good.

The servers were great, at least 2 guys all over our table and easily found with a nod of the head.  

The bread was awesome, served with a wonderful mild but tasty hummus.

Apps
I had the grilled octopus, excellent grill flavor with red and white fresh onions that were shaved thin and marinated in the red wine vinaigrette with roasted peppers and capers.  I was off to an excellent start.  My friend had the spinach and feta pie.  What a great crust and wonderful meld of flavors.

Entrees 
I ordered the whole sea bass.  This fish was both light and meaty, grilled to perfection and a decently large size, filleted before it hit the table, but the head and tail presence made the presentation divine on the plate.  And on the palate, the texture on my tongue was like butter, hard to describe.   My one complaint was that there were no vegetables or anything else on the plate besides the fish and I was never offered to chose a side from the a la carte menu.  I heard another server offer their tables a choice of sides to add.  
My friend had the lamb chops marinated for 3 days in olive oil.  These 3 medium cut chops were very tender and very tasty.  Now this entree was served with roasted potatoes which I were told were just OK.

Desserts were fine. The baklava was a tad sweet for my taste and the semolina custard was pretty average, but tasty.

My first time there and before a concert I was very pleased.  We were in and out in less than 1 1/2 hours with two drinks, dessert and espresso under our belts.  I would love to return and order from the regular menu.
I had a horrible experience at this restaurant. It was kind of busy but regardless the service i received was kind of extra ordinarly bad. We were seated a table that felt like it was completely out of the way. Ended up sitting there 15 minutes without anyone coming up to us. I stopped one of the kitchen workers who gave us some water at least but then he left as well. Eventually got hold of another woman who made it clear she would not be our waitress, but she ended up taking our order and bringing our food? We saw her talking to someone who i guess should have been our waitress but after this conversation our supposed waitress ended up walking past our table ignoring us for another 10 minutes. When she finally decided to notice our existence, she made no apology and just asked how we were doing and walked away. I have no idea what was going through this woman's head. 
I proceeded to complain to the manager who was honestly apologetic, but at that point it kind of had ruined the experience. After our conversation, our waitress seemed to be a bit nicer but only because I had to complain to her boss. 
The food was OK. It would have tasted better if the service hadnt been horrible.
Im sure this place is a nice restaurant but we had a terrible experience.
Came here for restaurant week and was definitely disappointed. I ordered the salad, which was recommended by my server. It was basic with huge slices of cucumber, tomato and feta. The dressing was nothing special, and it was disappointing that this was broadcasted as a special item on the menu by my server. I've definitely had better Greek salads in my life. The bread and hummus they serve complimentary was fine, but again nothing special. My friend got the homemade spanikopita for his starter and it was also fine, but nothing special. 

We all got the sea bass, which had many bones still left inside. The fish was fine, but again nothing spectacular, it didn't have the taste of something spectacular. For dessert I had the semolina custard, which again was fine, but nothing special. For a pricier restaurant, I was expecting more. The food was not bad, but I think there are better restaurants in Philadelphia to money at.
Went for happy hour to get two of my old favorites from pre-pandemic times and they're just as great as ever: the fried calamari and the octopodi. Their fried calamaris the lightest I've found -- not a bit greasy. And Estia is  one of the only places I order octopus -- delicious. I've included photos of both appetizers and the current happy hour menu (the offerings have been trimmed down a bit since a few years ago).
Food, drinks and atmosphere was absolutely amazing! The place was decorated so nice, anywhere you sat had great ambiance. 10/10 would come back for more! The frozen Rose drink they have, strongly recommended!
For me this has always been one of those restaurants in the city that looks super nice, and I always think about, yet had never been to until a friend was visiting from out of town. Can't believe how dumb I was for waiting so long, it's fantastic! 

I was there for lunch and had the Chicken Souvlaki, with the spreads appetizer. Both were great. We also shared some of octopus, which we ate so quickly I didn't even get a picture. 

Estia leaves nothing to be desired. Amazing atmosphere, with even better food and service. One of the best fine dining experiences I've had in the city. Will definitely go back again sometime soon. Perfect for date night, or to impress clients over lunch.
Probably one of my favorite atmospheres of any restaurant in the city. Its quiet and dimly lit and everything down to the littlest of things is well thought out I feel.

Now I am mostly greek and have grown up eating really authentic greek food. I'm also good friends with someone who grew up on the island of crete, so when she told me it was good food I couldn't wait to get there. Everything is very authentic and absolutely delicious. The service was great, atmosphere, once again, is amazing, and I can't stress enough that the food was so darn good!

I know this sounds kind of weird- but check out the bathrooms! I always use bathrooms at restaurants because I feel like bathrooms are finishing touches to restaurants and if they don't take good care of them then my opinion definitely drops. 
theyre bathrooms are absolutely beautiful. I told my boyfriend to just leave me at Estia and I'd just live there. 

also make sure you check out the cool glass elevator to the left as you walk in!
Went there for drinks/apps to relax after a long weekend.  It was later on a Sunday and I sat at the bar.  Everything was fine until a couple guys who had reservations came in and I had gotten out of my seat to go for the quick bathroom break.  When I walked back to my seat one of the guys was standing next/blocking my seat and when his friend told him so he was making comments loud enough for me to hear of, "f him, that's his problem" etc without addressing myself.  His friend was commenting, "you're the shit aren't you?".  When I told the bartender she was nice about it and said that was not nice of them whatsoever.  I then saw her talk to the manager who did absolutely nothing.  Did not ask me or even reference it.  I was not seeking an apology but at least he should have acknowledged it.  I have personally provided them along with our office enough business (shouldn't be a factor but since I am aware of it...).  I had actually recently booked a dinner there for an upcoming weekend but will be canceling this and not giving them any additional business.  

I have always thought their food was one of the best places to get Mediterranean food in Philly (and quite frankly still do) but the lack of awareness and care by the management on this issue is enough to give me enough reason to not go back or provide them with my support/business.
We allowed a friend to order.  Appetizers were great, grilled fish was dry and tasteless.  I would definitely go again to try the everything else on the mezedes menu and the moussaka.

(queue happy Greek music)

WINE:  They serve only Greek wines here.  Get your waiter to recommend something after you order.

WARM BREAD and HUMMOS:  This was good.  Hummos is a nice change from butter, but I like butter on warm bread, so I was torn.

ESTIA CHIPS: Fabulous.  Deep fried zuccini chips with tzatziki.  I could eat these all day, every day... for several days.  My mind is still munching on them.  Please order them.  We got two orders for 4 people.

DOLMADES: Best grape leaves I've ever had.  If you're afraid of a pungent taste, you will be surprised.  These are mild, yet flavorful. Just lovely.

SPREAD PIKILIA: How can you go wrong with spreads?  Ours came with a red pepper spread instead of the eggplant one noted in the online menu.

FISH: (sound of needle scratching and then silence) WTF?  After such delicious appetizers, this was dry and flavorless.  Another diner confirmed this.  Minus one star because this is your specialty.

(music starts up again)

HORTA - Tasty sauteed greens.

GRILLED VEGETABLES - Perfectly charred red pepper, fennel, asparagus..  carmalized yumminess.

POTATO LADORIGANI or POTATO TIGANITES (the lemony one): OMG, these were so good.  I forgot to take some on my plate, so I was completely stuffed when I stuffed two of these down because I couldn't help it.

DESSERT WINE:  Yes!  Richer and darker than Italian moscato, but still on the lighter side of sweetness.

GALACTOBOURICO: Mirriam Websters defines galactic as "of or relating to a galaxy".  Yes, this was out of this world.  We had another dessert too, but, really, I after the GALACTOBOURICO, who cares?
Best deal is their 3 course for $33 pre-theater show selection. I had the salad, which had a GREAT dressing that put the flair on something so simple. I also liked the heavy dose of shredded cheese. Cheese? Can't go wrong. I'll admit I totally looked at my group of guests who had the plates of hummus sampler with envy but either choice is like-able. 

For the entree I had zero regrets with shrimp skewers main dish. It was filling and zesty with a side of orzo. 

Dessert was an easy choice-- I went with the bready thing, lol! It was very similar to a wet version of banana bread. Wet? Yes! I can't explain the taste but it was unique. Perhaps not the best dessert options but overall Estia was a great pre-theater option.
Recommended by a Greek friend of mine, I came down with my girlfriend and another couple during Restaurant Week.  I started out with dolmades which was the best dolmades I've ever had.  They're grape leaves stuffed with a seasoned rice mixture.  Afterwards we had some spanakopita which was made very different to what I'm used to.  The spanakopita was in a flaky crust,  but didn't seem to be filo, maybe it was but it looked different.  Regardless, it was still pretty tasty.  The fish I had for the entree came out to be pretty delicious and the lamb was also amazing, very tender and delicious with the yogurt sauce.  For dessert we had some baklava.

The atmosphere of the restaurant was very cozy and nice.  There was a man playing Greek music on a Greek "guitar like" instrument.  The staff was also very helpful and friendly.

I'll probably come back.  Definitely worth a stop into if you want some real Greek food.
An absolutely perfect private dinner spot. The downstairs space is lovely (and accessible with elevator for those who cannot manage stairs) and secluded from the upstairs restaurant.

Knowing how fantastic the food is as a regular diner, I was apprehensive about any restaurant's ability to match itself "in bulk," but man did Estia deliver. Every dish was perfectly seasoned and delicious! I especially loved the beef souvlaki skewers (good cold for leftovers!) and the Greek fries, which I'd added to our menu because of the few kids who would be in attendance, but really, who am I kidding, mostly because I love fries! They were perfectly Greek with a sharp white cheese sprinkled over them. Even the baklava was terrific (and I'm not usually a baklava lover): not too saturated by honey, phyllo quite light and crispy. Yum!

The staff were all lovely: and so very helpful. And they didn't even seem to mind that a few tables lingered past when we had the room for!

Thank you for such a great time, Estia! I know re-visitors to Philadelphia will return, as will I!
2nd time at this establishment, and it has never disappointed. Went for restaurant week on 1/17/20. The grilled octopus is AMAZING. I also recommend the spanikopita and the lamb Phyllis. The spanikopita was big enough to share between 3people, along with the lamb phyllo and grilled octopus. My entire party dined on the Mediterranean Sea bass dish and enjoyed every bite. Also a big hit for the 2drinkers at the table, was their restaurant week wine special. Offered 2 amazing choices (red and white) bottle of wine with dinner, $35, which if you know you are going to have multiple glasses, you may come out better for the price. Lastly, dessert. A round of baklava rolls. I can't wait to go back and experience more of the menu. They also offer  Theater Menu, where for $35, you can also get a multi-course meal.
I chose Estia for this season's restaurant week and I definitely got my money's worth.  The entrees are priced over $30 normally so I was definitely pleased for choosing Estia. What my friend and I had were: 

App: 
-Spanakopita: Let's just say,,,,BEST spanakopita I ever had in my life. 
- Octopodi: basically grilled octopus with onions and other veges. WOW. Your octopus will be SO tender you will wonder if it is an octopus

Entree: 
-Arni Piadakia: Lamb chops with potato tiganites and tzatziki. Was cooked perfectly as how I wanted. Such tender lamb meat that didn't smell funny (sometimes lamb can smell fishy...) The tzatziki white sauce .. I want some more now...
-Lavraki: sea bass that's opened up on the plate and is made easy to eat. Makes you think that fish can be so good too 

Dessert:  
-Ekmek-Pistachios layered between kataifi phyllo, custard and whipped cream. I still don't know what a phyllo is.. but this was a fluffy dessert and I was happy with that:) 
-Baklava: BEST baklava EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I liked my app and dessert more than the lamb chops. I would totally go back for the spanakopita and baklava.. I wonder if it's okay to go to such a beautiful restaurant just to get these two....Also, the waiter was so kind and professional. He made my experience here even better. The decor is amazing . the bathroom is really cozy LOL. They also do coat checks which was so nice because I had a thick puffy coat on that day.
This was my first experience with Greek food, so I wasn't sure what I would think of this place.  As I expected, within a few seconds of looking at the menu, I knew I would have to be a bit adventurous with what I ordered - you won't find the ubiquitous chicken parm or cheeseburger being served here. Not even a caesar salad!   No worries though...choosing among the several salads on the menu, I ordered their "romaine salad", which turned out to be every bit as delicious as the best caesar salad I've ever had. Along with that came the Estia chips. If you've read any other reviews about this place, you'll already know that these things are mighty tasty...a definite must-order if you eat here; just try not to stuff yourself before the rest of the meal.  For the entree, since I had to order into uncharted territory no matter what, I thought I'd try the Chilean Sea Bass.  It seemed pretty popular, so why not!?     Well, it turns out I didn't like it....it just a very fishy-tasting fish, with a bit of a mushy texture. Nope, didn't like it. In all fairness to Estia though, I don't think I would like sea bass from any restaurant - it's just not my thing. (I did eat every bit of it, however, because I certainly wasn't about to waste expensive food at a restaurant like this)!    I finished off with the chocolate souffle dessert, which was so good I wish I had ordered two. Seriously. Two. 

Now others have said the wine is "overpriced".  Oh yes...at about $13 a glass, it is certainly expensive, and will quickly skyrocket the bill for a larger group of wine drinkers. But I'm using the word "expensive" rather than "overpriced" for a reason. This is all Greek wine, and I'm really not sure what the restaurant has to go through to bring this wine in. If they're importing it, it's easy to see where this price hike comes from. However, I could be totally wrong, and the wine really is just absurdly, ridiculously, monumentally overpriced. I had the "Gaia Notios white", which was great, but if I go here again, I think I'll just stick with water or iced tea. Drinking wine here is a great way to transform this place from a "$$$ restaurant" into a "$$$$ restaurant".   Lastly, it's a very cool restaurant atmosphere, and the service was nothing less than great...every bit of it.  Give it a try!
I've been here a few times...2x for lunch...1x for our holiday.  Every time the service has been phenomenal, and the ambiance is lovely!  I went with one of my Greek friends (spends summers there, yadda yadda...) and she vouched for the authenticity of the food.  First, the bar is goregous and the bar tenders are very personable and attentive.
At lunch they have a prix fixe that is so generous and delicious.  The hummus-esque olive oil for the bread is amazing.  I had the fish both times and it was excellent.  Someone got the mousaka (sp?) and I was really jealous of it because it smelled phenomenal (and the girl who housed it was the skinniest twig EVER - damn you genetics!).
Now for our holiday party we had the private room downstairs and a dedicated wait staff.  I had the lamb dish (don't even like lamb) and it was ::insert new delicious adjective::.  I highly recommend - dinner is PRICEY though...I would love to take my husband here for a meal.
A good bet for fresh fish flown in from the Mediterranean daily. To make the most of your visit, I recommend the following:

1. Get the $30 prix fixe pre-theater menu. It's also available at lunch. It's much cheaper than if you order off the dinner menu where fish is sold by the pound. Do order the octopus (the best in town, tenderized in a washing machine). Also order the fresh fish or the lamb shank. Both are very good but the lamb can seem a bit rich because of the sauce. Finally get the baklava or fruit for dessert. If you want to splurge for an additional appetizer, see if they have smelts on the menu or order the Estia chips. But the $30 meal is plenty of food by itself for most people.

2. Ask to be seated in a booth. Much more comfortable, quieter, and intimate.

3. Ask if Saki is working. He is one of the best servers in town and he really takes care of you. He's an older Greek gentleman who really knows his stuff.

4. Check out the bathrooms downstairs. Even if you don't need to use the facilities, they are worthy of a visit because they are quite fancy.

5. While the food is good, try to avoid going at Restaurant Week. It's too mobbed.
Went here and initially felt some major sticker shock! The fish runs about $40/lb but they pride themselves on never freezing any of their seafood, which is pretty incredible! I ended up getting something from the $30 theatre menu which was an incredible value! It included an app, entree (I got the fish and it was AMAZING), and dessert! The waiter was very friendly and timely. The calamari was chewier than I would expect but still good. The yogurt dessert didn't include as much actual yogurt as I had hoped (it was almost entirely just fruit) but still delicious. Overall, the entree was absolutely delicious! 

A review of this restaurant would not be nearly complete without a few remarks on the interior. The outside is nice but does not begin to do the interior justice! This is easily one of the most romantic places in philly!!!! The lighting is perfect, the noise level is low, each table on the side has its own little nook! I can't wait for an excuse to go back!
A huge restaurant specializing in Greek seafood - with an emphasis on whole fish.  Everything was extremely tasty and fresh. The saganaki (flamed cheese) was delicious, although I prefer when they flame it in front of you, instead of in the kitchen (as here).  The octopus was tender and perfectly prepared, and we fought over the last morsels.  My FOUR lamp chops were lean, thick and juicy.  My wife's moussaka was above average, but our local Greek restaurant in Florida does it even better.  The star of the meal was my teenage son's whole fish - a branzino-type fish, charcoal grilled and served whole, with the center bones removed.  He loved it - and the five year old kept asking for more!  The Greek wines by the glass were soft, and matched our dishes perfectly.  Overall, this was a delicious meal - and it was nice to see the emphasis on fresh seafood.
Came here for restaurant week.. great idea. Some restaurants are not worth that money and rw is just a rip-off.. Estia is worth it.

Free pita & hummus to start us off.. and we love free pre-meal bread. Very good, we actually asked for more hummus!

Started with the octopodi.. good but honestly not astounding. Texture was just right I wish they had seasoned it differently. Boyfriend got the spanokopita which was good.

Get the lamb chops. WILL NOT REGRET. I got the sea bass and boyfriend got the lamb chops. The sea bass was really good and tender and I enjoyed it.. but nothing compared to the lamb chops.

The desserts are also incredible. Soaked in sugar true to greek style.. but somehow the pastries still remain dry. Unfortunately they ran out of baklava so we had the walnut honey cake and something else with a greek name but they were both still delicious. But leaves me wondering how good that baklava would have been..
Im not sure why Craig LaBan and other major reviewers arent sold on this place. Is it because of comparisons to other Greek Restaurants?  I have no clue. But Im here to tell you that this is the best place Ive been to for Fish in the Philly area.  Service is outstanding, the Octopus is cooked perfectly, and the place itself is beautiful.  I suggest going as soon as possible.
Went there for restaurant week lunch.  Got the fish of the day.  It was Branzino whatever.  It must have been like 2 oz of fish.  I know they cut back on portion size for restaurant week but it was kinda ridiculous.  It was also way too overcooked.  Almost felt like it was deep fried. Nice venue though... would have gone back but I feel like if they are wiling to treat people who try their restaurant like this, there is probably no need.
I'll Quentin Tarantino this review...

My girlfriend cried at our table.  

I took her here because it has always been a favorite spot of mine in Philadelphia. Awesome ambiance, large restaurant, plenty of reservations available... and the food. 

The waiters are authentic and willing to give recommendations and sometimes insist you order certain things, which I always welcome. 

As a huge fan of mediterranean/greek food I told her a few things we must order:

Estia chips, horiatiki salad (greek salad) and the lamb chops. 

Don't shy away from their whole fish if that is your thing. Always very light and delicious from my experience. 

I hyped up the lamb chops probably more than necessary but when she bit into them I saw her eyes well up with tears and I almost spit my drink all over the table laughing.  It is actually that good.

Point of the story... go to Estia and you will cry.
I was very excited for this meal because I had heard great things but it didn't live up to my expectations. My fish was very bland, the lemon on the side helped add some flavor but overall it was nothing to write home about. I started with the salad and ended with a scoop of vanilla gelato. We went for restaurant week and the waiter wasn't very accommodating for gluten free. I understand restaurant week is busy but I'm still a paying customer and shouldn't get less food because I have an allergy.
Can I say delish!!!?!!! Everything that I ate was beautifully flavored. I had dinner here with my workgroup. I didn't have any expectations going in, but after the apps and my entree,  my expectations were set on high. 

I can't remember everything we ordered, but I remember feeling nice and full, so I didn't delight in dessert like my colleagues. Their expectations were as high as mine by the time they were through with entrees. Unfortunately, according to them, dessert was disappointing. Apparently, the greek yogurt was literally a tub of the Fage yogurt widely available at your nearest grocery store. 

C'est la vie (or whatever the Greek translation to that cliche may be).
Went for restaurant week. The food was all really good; the portions were small. Enjoyed the octopus, which had a great texture and was very flavorful. Their sea bass was also really tender, just kind of wish that it had sides or something because it was literally just the bass and a wedge of lemon. Service was pretty much non-existent and plates were cleared infrequently. Beautiful restaurant with a lovely candlelit atmosphere.
Came here for Restaurant Week last month with a girlfriend. We were shooting for variety and ordered the following:

Spanakopita (spinach pie with feta, leeks baked in homemade phyllo)
Octopodi (grilled octopus served over red and sweet onions)
Arni Paidakia (lamb chops served with roasted potatoes and tzatziki)
Galactobourico (Semolina custard wrapped in phyllo with orange, lemon zest syrup)
Baklava (layered phyllo with almonds in a honey syrup)

I don't have that much experience with Greek food and it's not one of my usual go-to cuisines, but I had a really enjoyable dinner at Estia. The octopodi was my favorite dish of the night - it was perfection! I could have easily eaten another plateful. The spinach pie was good, but if you need to choose between one or the other - I'd recommend the octopodi. The lamb chops were excellent as well - the creamy tzatziki sauce really mellows out the stronger flavors of the lamb. Our only complaint was that the roasted potatoes were over-salted.

The other dessert was okay, but I LOVED their baklava. I've never had good baklava before (it's always been too soggy for some reason...) and I was really pleased with Estia's rendition. Just the right amount of nutty and sweet, and the flaky phyllo really held up against the syrup.
I went to Estia for the first time last week and had an amazing meal! My mother, her best friend and I were seated promptly even though we did not have a reservation. It was nice outside, but not warm enough to sit outside, so we asked to be seated near a window. Perfect choice! We were seated in a booth with a very romantic aura (shame I was with my mom!) 

The waiter came by promptly to ask for our orders, and explained everything to us in great, and much needed, detail! Our waiter was a doll! 

We each did the prixe fixed meal for $30 and we shared a bottle of wine. While not the cheapest meal, it was definitely worth it! Their Octopodi is incredible, as was their stuffed calamari! For the dinner I had a fish that was served over baked vegetables....simply WONDERFUL! Desert was a little disappointing, but nonetheless, the meal was GREAT! 

I definitely recommend going...if you can go on someone else's dime, all power to you!!!!
Great food, terrible service. I went here on a business trip and ended up here after avoiding the wait at Monk's Cafe. I guess I'm not the first to complain about the service. I ordered one appetizer, but the annoyingly accented waiter brought us two with one on the way, which I promptly rejected. The desperate attempt to up-sell was quite annoying. I have to say that the ARNI PIADAKIA (lamb chops) were awesome, and the chef deserves a good rating, but the manager needs to take a step back and evaluate his staff. I would go back for the food, but would avoid the curly-haired waiter at all costs. He truly brought down the experience.
Came for restaurant week for the lamb chops and have to say was pretty disappointed about the experience. 

Favorite thing of the night: THE SANGRIA.
Disappointing thing: how bare bones everything was. Mussels came with no toast or side bread. Literally mussels with red sauce in a bowl with all the cheese in the middle of one mussel. Spanakopita - 1 pie slice on the side of a barren plate. Branzino - just one huge fish (not entirely deboned btw!!) and no veggies or sauce or anything. At least the Lamb chops came with a side of potatoes. 

Service and ambience were good but for how excited I was to go there for RW, I was pretty let down. Regular things looked pretty overpriced (would you pay $47 for 3 lamb chops?? I'd go to Amada instead please). Also they're owned by the same people as Pietro's so the bread basket was the same :)
Four of us went here for restaurant week this year and I'm just sad I hadn't been here before.  The food is mind-blowingly good.  I had spanakopita as my first course and my friends had the greek salad and both were delicious.  For my main course I had a lemon roast chicken with orzo dish and my friends had lamb chops.  Absolutely delectable.  Our waiter was an interesting man who, when asked what he would recommend, responded with "everything is good.  you will like everything."  So, while he's not a good person to check with if you're indecisive, was completely correct about everything being delicious.  I had the baklava for dessert while my friends had a flan type dish and I have to say that, while both were good, mine was really, really good.  Definitely going back here!
The ambiance was very fancy and romantic. They definitely spent some bills on their decor. The service was kind of annoying. Our waiter was pretentious, presumptuous and kind of full of himself. The food was good -- the quality seemed high -- but it wasn't THAT good. 

The Estia chips seemed like the most special thing on the menu - thin slices of zucchini and eggplant fried and crispy with a greek yogurt dipping sauce. The spanakopita was good but a bit greasy, I give it a 3 out of 5 as far as spanakopita goes. 

The "horiatiki" salad is described as, "with tomatoes, cucumbers, green peppers, red onions, feta and olives dressed with a red wine vinaigrette." Be aware that's all it is -giant chunks of mostly tomatoes and a little bit of the rest of the veggies. No greens. It was awkward to eat, because the tomato chunks were so huge. 

I am a huge fan of feta cheese, most specifically authentic feta cheese, imported from Greece, or just feta made with Goat's milk. They had authentic imported feta, and it was good, but not as fabulous as I had thought it would be. I thought maybe they would grill it or do something to make it just a little bit melty and special, but they just brought it out in boring slices with a little olive oil and some kind of dried herb seasoning on top. Kind of disappointing.

I got the Briam Vegetables side (baked vegetable stew) since it was recommended as a vegetarian side dish to me by the waiter. It wasn't a very exciting dish- just some stewed nightshade vegetables really -- kind of tasty but way too oily and rich for my picky taste. At least they have options though.

Honestly, I get better food at Saads (I know, not greek but have some similar menu items, esp. for veggie people). For waaaaaaaaay less. But if you want Greek food with a romantic atmosphere...try somewhere else. The atmosphere really isn't worth the big price tag for the sometimes good, sometimes mediocre food.
I heard many great things about this place and trust me it did not fall short.This is an unequivocal 5 starts! Believe me, I do not give these out easily. 

The food is exceptional! I dare you to find a better charred octopus; Estia's is plain orgasmic. Everything was perfect. 

The service is unrivaled; you'll feel like royalty.

Don't get me started on the space! I would literally trade my apt for  a single stall in the restroom... If you get what I'm say. Amazing!

If you live in Philly or merely visiting, this is one of those places you just have to pay a visit!

Hope you get the picture with all my exclamations! ;)
