ER is my Afghan long lost family! My Afghan family who can cook a MEAN mother@&#*% Amsterdam style Frites! 

When my husband & I first moved to Philadelphia from NYC we felt lost and confused. Old City was a fun new neighborhood to call home but we still felt like "outsiders". Then...we came across EUROPEAN REPUBLIC.

Not only was the owner Aziz Yosofi and his Daughter & Son so amazingly friendly and welcoming but they had moved their business from FOREST HILLS QUEENS BABY! We had JUST moved from FOREST HILLS so no longer did we feel like awkward New Yorkers! 

So now European Republic is kinda like what those little Italian restaurants or meat markets/bakeries are to the Mafia/Soprano Types. They KNOW US, we are treated like FAMILY and we have our REGULAR. You know what I'm freakin' sayin?! ;-)

Once we walk in or call for pick up THEY KNOW it's...
Two Numba 15's
Extra Frites 
Two Cajun Dipping Sauces
Two Unsweetened House Made Green Ice Tea's

You can't go wrong with European Republic. Fast service, amazing Amsterdam style Frites, 22 FLAVORS of Dipping Sauces, Great selection of Fresh Wraps, Pasta & Rice Dishes, House Made Tea's & Desserts, Warm & Flavorful soups that taste like Grandmama cooked it up in the back!

Listen... IF YOU GOTS A PROBLEM WITH EUROPEAN REPUBLIC, THEN YOU GOTS A PROBLEM WITH ME. We are family now, so don't f^$# mess with me. Us New York Queens chicks are fweakin' (yes FWEAKIN) crazy.
Zee frites, zey are fantastique! Thick-cut, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside... I was in carb-lover's heaven.  

A friendly fellow-customer at the ordering counter advised me to check out the cheddar-jalapeno dip, and upon hearing I was ready and willing to pony up an extra fifty cents for a second dip, was right on cue with a lemon-dill recommendation.  

A sneaky spice percolated through the cheddar-jalapeno cup, but the cheese was undetectable -- it was much more like a zingy mayo.  Lemon-dill played a cool counterpoint to the hot fries; a fountain Diet Coke cut through the salt attack. One "regular" sized fry cone, an extra dip and a medium fountain drink set me back $5.40, and I'd definitely return when I'm craving some spuds bathed in bubbling oil.
European Republic has the honor of being one of the two yummiest things I tried while visiting Philly. Definitely one of the most satisfying comfort foods I've had in a very long time.

Though the reviews were amazing, I was really skeptical about these wraps because it looked so simple and unassuming. After my first bite of the fried chicken wrap the flavor sensors throughout my body began firing at every cylinder. OMFG!?! Was that really just a humble piece of fried chicken, a fancy tort and secret sauce? The best way to describe the flavor: KFC on the greatest day of KFC--like when the Colonel was still out back plucking and frying up the chicken! YUMMY! Don't forget to check in to get the special price!
I have been here more times than I can count, and I've always loved it. Their fries were always on point, their dipping sauces magical, and the wraps at least decent, usually very good. 

Then I went there after taking a little Old City hiatus and I was appalled. The service was terrible, the woman at the counter was incredibly rude. The trash was overflowing, the tables were scuzzy, and I felt like I was inconveniencing them by patronising their restaurant. 

She was scolding me for not wanting a soda, it made no sense. I ordered the meal combo; wrap, fries, and a soda. Okay, but I don't want a soda, so just a water. She "informed me" in a raised voice that she will still charge me for the water in addition to the meal. I don't understand, you're going to charge me for 2 drinks? I just want a water. So she huffily says it's fine, then charges me for it anyway! ??! What? No, lady, I pay for the combo, I get a drink. That's kind of how that works. 

So now she's pissed, the guy from the back has to come up and I tell him the same thing, I just want the combo with water instead of soda, is this really the craziest thing that's ever happened here? The guy tries to offer me a soda, when I tell him I ONLY want the water, not a soda too, he says it's fine, just pay for the combo and get a water. Like, literally less than no big deal.

Oh Lord, I go to pay-- finally. And I only have a big bill. I just got paid, in cash, and I didn't have time to stop at the bank. I only have a $100 or a $50. She says she can't take it. At all. she can't take my money now. Well, it's a holiday, all the banks are closed and there's no MAC machines nearby. I can't give you anything else. This place is filled with customers, you're telling me that you don't have two $20s in your drawer? 

Fine, whatever, I'm not in the mood to argue with her.... again. I ask if they take cards, she snaps back, Of course they do! again, this is somehow also my fault. (?) Okay then, the card is all I have if you won't take my money. So without saying anything, she adds on a surcharge for the card and runs it, I notice when I go to sign... Hey, why is this more than what it's supposed to be? 

Again, she's mad that I had the audacity to ask why I'm being charged a different amount than what I ordered, I thought she was charging me for the soda + water. She starts in with how "I'm costing them money by holding up the line and now I'm not paying and OF COURSE there's a surcharge, why wouldn't there be and how dare you question me I wouldn't steal from you" and I was like are you kidding me? Now I'm definitely NOT paying a surcharge that I probably would have been fine with before you flipped out. Take my cash or comp my meal. I'm done. I'm so far beyond done.

Guy from the back comes back out, tells her to take the cash, she's glaring the entire time she's counting out my change. Tells me to wait, it'll be right up.

I've found a seat, with my back to the counter. I like to be able to see the door when I'm out and about. So they (dunno if her or him) put my food down on top of the bakery case, and don't say anything. Like, I'm supposed to divine when my meal is ready. After a few minutes, I get up to inquire if I'm actually going to get anything in return for my money and she points at my now cold food on the bakery case. AREYOUKIDDINGME. 

Whatever. I'm leaving, I'm furious and I just want to enjoy my food. What's on the tray? no water. no dipping sauce. The sauce is 90% of the reason to go here!!!! It's certainly not the service!!! So I go up to the counter.... AGAIN. 

Excuse me, I need the sauce and my water. she yells that I can get my own water, from the case. It's bottled water. ?? What? You have fountain sodas literally right next to you. Whatever. I'll take my bottle of water. the guy comes back out because the lady is yelling again. I tell him I need the dipping sauce. She's like, you really want free stuff? Really? No, crazy lady, I want what I paid for, this is crazy. 

Now the guy's pissed and he asks which one I wanted, I told him that I ordered the jalapeno one.... back when I placed this order. He slaps it down on the counter at me. 

I'm NEVER going back. I couldn't believe how INSANE that experience was. So if you don't mind getting secretly charged extra, getting screamed at, terrible service, and having a mediocre wrap with really good fries, check this place out!
Very friendly and helpful! I got the spicy chicken with goat cheese wrap which was tasty. I also got some fries. They have an assortment of 20 different dipping sauces to choose from. I ended up taking the safe route with honey dijon. But there were a lot more adventurous choices like caviar and roasted eggplant. If I lived locally I'd probably eventually try them all.
Excellent (if not ideally healthy) concept. Belgian/dutch style frites, served with any of around twenty different prep styles. It was a raw, wet, and cold day when I'd stopped in to sit and knock out some work, and as anyone who's been to the often dreary northern countries can attest, nothing's better to warm you up than a piping helping of big 'ole fries. The proprietor's urbane and eager to please, and the cozy informal setup makes it a really nice way to snack well and take a load off during a gloomy mid-afternoon.
European Republic has me at zee frites. And as I read through the vast selection of dipping sauces that you could choose to come with them, it became a perfect match.

Inside European Republic looks like an unassuming take out place that features the usual suspects. But don't be fooled because once inside you'll come across an exciting Eastern European menu that features a plethora of wraps(22!), soups & salads, rice & pasta dishes, and so much more!

The main event by far are the fresh cut European style fries, which easily stack up among the best that Philly has to offer. As you order you're also able to choose from a mega variety of 23 dipping sauces. They range from kind of meh (roasted garlic, basil), to funky (smoked salmon, black olives), to downright AMAZING (jalapeno cheddar, Jamaican curry).

whether you go with veggie staples like organic tofu or falafel, or go all out with the likes of honey grilled chicken or spicy grilled chicken with goat cheese; the wraps are always a pretty safe bet(especially when you go with their awesome combo deal!). but soup like seafood bisque and sweet potato ginger make for a serious win too!
Top five spicy falafel wrap you'll ever have in your life. Amazing fries. Incredible spicy sauce "Fire". Quick and hospitable service. Highly recommend for a quick bite if you find yourself in Old City.
Cheap and cheerful. Food is yummy, and really good if you're in the mood for a lighter meal. You won't be stuffed but it's a decent amount of food, especially for the price ($7 for a wrap, fries & dip, and a drink). 

One thing that you should perhaps be aware of is that this place sells "frites". This is a fancypants French word for what we Americans call fries. The fancypants name makes them fancier than our fries, as do the fancypants dips that come along with them. Thus, they are more delicious than your average American fries. 

The roasted garlic dip is good. We also tried the smoked salmon dip, but it was a little too runny. Regardless, this is a great alternative to most fast food chains, and considering the area it's a relatively cheap place to grab a quick bite.
I reserve five stars for Le Bec Fin and Vetri,and such, so four is a great rating for a place like this.  I work at 5th and Walnut, and could go broke eating in Olde City every day, even casual joints.  For $6.95 this place gives you a humongous wrap, an order of fried that is more than you should really eat on a regular basis, and home made iced tea (or regular fountain soda if you want.)

The service is really sincerely friendly, so you'll end up leaving a buck or two as a tip.  So to net it out, you get a wrap made with nice, fresh, healthy ingredients, Belgian-style  (hand cut daily, soft inside, crispy outside, cooked fresh-twice fried) and a nice healthy beverage.  Sure an artery-clogging cheese steak with a frosty beer (and maybe a shot of Jameson) is a nice way to wind down a Friday, but for a regular lunch at under a 10 spot, this place is aces.  I will be a regular (and try all of their dipping sauces.)  Worth a trip just for the fries, but since you are not supposed to make a diet exclusively of them, the wraps soothe your conscience as well as your palate.  You could conceivably go all-vegetarian with a grilled veggie wrap. 

Of course, then you might want a large order of fries to compensate.
European Republic is my go-to place for good and cheap eats in Old City. I think there is a lot of hype about their fries and dipping sauces, and I don't totally buy into it. Their fries are good, but I've certainly had better. The dipping sauce idea is cool, but a lot of them taste the same. Nonetheless, there are a bunch of sauces to try, and if you ask nicely, they'll mix two of the sauces together for you to create crazy combos.

That may sound a little bit on the negative side, which is totally not where I want to go for this. Their wraps are always solidly delicious, and if you are looking for a filling lunch, their combo really can't be beat. You get a full size wrap, fountain drink, order of fries (which to me, is large enough for two people), and a choice of a dipping sauce. Prices vary depending on the wrap you choose, but I get the spicy chicken one and end up paying eight bucks total.

Every time I've been in this place the employees have always been really great, which I definitely appreciate. If you want good food that doesn't break the bank in Old City, this is a great choice.
happened upon ER last weekend - what a find! fresh, yummy & affordable.
Although I am extremely sad that European Republic had to come at the price of Meju closing, I was very impressed by this new little shop.  Billing themselves as a gourmet fry shop with healthy wraps, I was a bit skeptical of the combination.  Altho almost empty, I knew we were on the right track when the only other couple in there mentioned to the (helpful, smiling, fill in positive adjective here) woman behind the counter that this was their second dinner there (they've been open only 3 weeks) and then turned to us to whisper "The food here is SOOO good!".   There are many wraps to choose from- including many veg offerings- I had the falafel which was great- not super dense & greasy like they can get here in the US.  The fries tasted fresh, were thick cut, and served in a cone ala Belgium/Amsterdam style.  I wouldnt say they were the best I ever had, but they werent bad.  The dip is where you get your "gourmet" experience. There are around 20 or so to choose from, made on site, and one comes with your frite order.  Ranging from Garlic, to Euro Ketchup (mayo, ketchup & onion), to caviar, to eggplant - it was hard to choose just one.  I had the basil which was really good, and I tried the Euro Ketchup which my husband picked and enjoyed.   The decor is punchy- orange walls and black trim, with articles on their other NYC location mixed in with prints of Amsterdam street views mixed with paintings.  

Right now there is an opening special- buy a wrap and get a free order of frites!  That made the total for our dinner meal for 2 including homemade tea & lemonade under $15.  The place works by ordering at the counter, waiting for your food then going to pick it up at the counter- very casual yet a touch of class good enough for a casual date night. No alcohol or BYOB as far as I could tell.
Why, oh why, is it so difficult for me to find easy, fast lunch in Old City? Where art thou, Qdoba? Thank goodness for European Republic. 

There are a few tasty vegetarian options, and to modify to vegan, they're very friendly about customizing sauces. The soups are also often veg-friendly, and I don't take advantage of them enough. (Darn you, tasty but unhealthy frites!).

Of the wraps I've tried, I think the roasted vegetable with a swap from caesar to balsamic vinaigrette has been my favorite. I love balsamic with roasted veggies, so it totally works. Give it a try!
This place rocks harder than that diamond I didn't get for that girl who got really upset about it and threw jewelry at me for like 15 minutes while crying.

The food here is delicious, cheap, and seems kinda healthy.  I love it.  There is a cavalcade of dips for the frites(lemon dill is the current winner to me but I haven't tried them all).  The salmon and buffalo chicken wraps rule.

They offer a great special for $6.95- a wrap, frites, and small drink(I advise you choose the honey green tea).  For the quality of the food, this cannot be beat in Old City, Philadelphia.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Aliens.
I can only imagine the kind of lunch business this place does! I would love a place like this near my office.

I ordered the Falafel Wrap and a small frites. The wrap was flavorful and a good portion size (definitely NOT huge, but still filling.) The frites were delicious. I have missed good frites/mayo since I studied in London a few years ago. 

Cheap, fast, delicious, large selection. Check it out.
As others have said, come here for the fries, but not so much for the wraps. 

I came for a quick dinner on a Friday evening around 5:30pm. The restaurant was empty. I ordered the fresh mozzarella tomato basil wrap. It was okay, but the wrap texture was almost cracker-like, and although the sauce on it was good, there was far too much of it (this is coming from someone who usually has to request extra sauce for everything).

My friend and I split a large order of Frites, which comes with two dipping sauces. We got the roasted eggplant and roasted garlic dips. Both were delicious, but the roasted garlic dip stood out in particular. The Belgian-style fries were yummy and really hit the spot.

I would return to European Republic when I'm in Old City to snack on some fries and try out some new dipping sauces.
Just had a great takeout experience and felt compelled to update my review. Went with my usual: a grilled chicken, brie, and honey mustard wrap and fries with European ketchup. This time, I also ordered a Greek salad and got a side of garlic dipping sauce for the fries to switch it up. The salad was delicious, huge, and had some pretty high quality mixed greens. The feta was not like the cheap crumbly feta but the softer kind that was definitely in brine and tastes way yummier. Will definitely be adding this salad to my regular order! The garlic dipping sauce also became a favorite, only falling behind to old faithful European ketchup.

European Republic is a reliable, consistent spot and I would highly recommend it. Portions are big, prices are affordable, taste is on point, and quality is great. You can't go wrong here!
This place was quite a nice surprise and definitely delivered on some good food! European Republicans is a small place that's great for lunch at a good price. Most of the items on the menu are different types of wraps that you can switch up. They are best known for their Belgian fries and variety of dipping sauces. The great thing about this place is you can get a combo meal that includes a wrap, fries, and drink for $8. The food is delicious and very filling. Everyone working there is very friendly and have great recommendations. Overall, a nice spot for some lunch for a good price!
SO YUMMY!
Try their falafal or any veggie wraps. (i've also heard the chicken ones are amazing). Soft but cripsy wraps, with great homemade dressing (over 40 to choose from). Id say try the european ketchup or jalepeno cheddar.
Service is quicky and easy, and even getting half a wrap with fries is so filling!
It's really impressive that their list of dipping sauces for les pommes frites is at least as long as the English alphabet. 

While the "fire" sauce didn't sound any alarms, and though the caviar sauce's most redeeming quality was its pretty lilly pink color, the JAMAICAN CURRY SAUCE made me dizzy with delight. 

No seriously. It's crucial you get the Jamaican curry sauce to add more fat to your fat fries that have been fried in fatty oils, which makes them so freaking delicious. 

(All this fat is why you order a perfectly healthy roasted vegetable wrap with bread so thin that Dr. Atkins would approve, but uniquely tasty enough that a French baker would smile and say "oui oui".)
(3.5 stars) We were searching for a snack to hold us over for a few hours at the American Revolution museum, and this was the perfect option. The fries are quite solid and a triple is plenty for a couple of people to share. A triple comes with three sauces, of which my two favorites were cajun and roasted garlic (sadly bbq was underwhelming). We also got some chicken fingers but those were just okay, very much like what you would get at a stadium (heavy breading).
Definitely a good place for lunch or light eats. It's cheap, fresh and pretty good. I've stopped in twice now. The wraps and fries are deceptively filing even though my eyes keep wishing for larger portions.

A combo of a wrap, fries and a drink can be had for around $7 which is great.

I've had their buffalo wrap and spicy grilled chicken wrap. Both of which actually satiated me in terms of spice level. This means that most people would probably find them *too* spicy.

And despite the insanely sad "Jersey Shore" blowout haircut of the one young guy who works there, he's really nice/helpful.
Came here for dinner one day. The prices are great and super cheap. It's hard to come around to prices this cheap for a meal that's not from a good truck. I got the chicken curry plate with fries and a green tea drink. They were really quick to serve which I liked.

It's cool how this place has a lot of different types of sauces to go with your meal. I got the Jamaican curry to go with my chicken and the Cajun to go with my fries. Overall the sauces were good. 

I didn't really like my chicken. It was really dry and bland. They serve you a lot of rice which is nice but it was too much in my opinion. I had finished my chicken and still had a full plate of rice left. 
The tea was good, I thought it had a weird after taste. I also prefer my teas to be a little less sweet. This tea had a lot of sugar in it. This place is good if you want to grab a quick cheap meal.
This is definitely my favorite place to grab a quick bite when I'm in old city. The place isn't atmospheric inside but the food is cheap and good (you can get a large portioned combo meal for $7 or $8). Their Belgian style fries are always on point too, like I've dreamt about those fries.
Have you ever had a craving for fries? Just fries, where you'd order whatever it takes just to get that delicious salted side dish? Cue European Republic, where the fries end up stealing the limelight. Offering salads, wraps, and other healthy-ish options as well, the real star is those beloved frites. Belgian style, the fries come with your choice of one of their 20 dipping sauces, including everything from lemon dill to smoked salmon. This is a great spot for a quick lunch or "i'm not that hungry" mid-afternoon meal for surprisingly cheap, especially in Old City.
When you're out drinking in Old City, this is the perfect place to stack up on some carbs in the form of French fries or Frites.  These are among my favorite Frites in the world (perfectly made) and then there are always about 20 different sauces to choose from to accompany them. This time I went with the Caviar Sauce.  Great choice.  My all time favorite sauce is the Peanut .... with Mango Chutney and Jalapeño Cheddar a close second and third.  If you drink often enough in Old City, at some point you'll get to try all the sauces!
After seeing Euro Republic pop up on the Yelp feed a few times, I decided to make a trip over post work.  I met a friend at Euro, and we each got a wrap.  I decided on the Grilled Chicken with Brie and Honey Dijon, and my friend got the Salmon wrap.  The wraps themselves were nothing to write home about.  The chicken was dry...actually the whole wrap itself was dry.  I cant speak for the salmon wrap being that I don't like salmon, but my friend wasn't impressed either.  This brings me to the dip selection for their fries.  Sure, they have 23 of them... but in reality, most are just dry spices mixed into mayo.  Blech.  We got the Jalapeno Cheddar (the best out of the four), Mango Chutney (yuck), Roasted Garlic (tasted like mayo), and Avocado (green mayo).  Meh.  The fries ARE good.. I'll give them that.  I tried their Lentil soup-good.
As good as the fries are, I won't be back.  There are too many other great places to eat in the area.
After a long day of walking around the Old City, I came in here to get some food. 

First thing you'll notice is how small the place is. There are maybe 5 tables and a counter where you order your food.

I got the Chicken Mozzarella Wrap and a small side of fries. Unfortunately, the chicken was a tad dry, but the sauce made up for it. What really stood out here was the fries and the 40 or so dipping sauce you can choose from. Having never been here, I asked the cashier what she liked and she recommended this pink-ish colored Ketchup. I forget what was mixed in with the ketchup but man, was it good. I ended up dipping the chicken wrap in the sauce also.  So Good. 

If anything, drop by to try the dipping sauces.

Price for Wrap and fries was about $10 but they do have a Yelp Check-In special  I ended up paying the full price. Gotta support the local business
Yeah, 5 stars. I'll qualify that, but let's also just let that rating stand for a second.


...

...

...good, right? OK, here we go: European Republic is a small-ish chain that specializes in...well, far as I can tell, fries. Sure, "frites," but no matter how you say it, you're eating the same spud.

And it's awesome! So often, I think to myself, "how hard is it to mess up a French fry?" Still so many do. Not ER, though. It's pretty much their calling card, so they kick that ball over the fence, then fly over the fence and pop the ball with eye-lasers, because pretenders to the throne need not even try. Delicious, crispy-out-creamy-in fries with a veritable culinary bukkake of sauces, from the most mundane to the ones that have you concocting schemes to somehow replace your blood with them.

The rest of the stuff? Truthfully, I don't know why they even try, and why customers even bother. Wraps, sandwiches, simple salads...if you want a meal, you have far better options just on this block. It should be no surprise that the sandwiches are somehow lacking...which I found out on my 1st trip here. Haven't ordered anything but a cone of fries and iced tea since, and I've never been any less than thrilled with my choice since.

My personal tip: go an hour before they close, enjoy your fries, sauce and tea, then walk another block down Chestnut to Eulogy, an absolutely amazing beer bar. I'm not the biggest beer fan in the world, but the perfection of that evening itinerary is tough to beat, no matter how meticulously planned or well-funded.

Oh, and if you ever see me there, come over and say "hi!" I'll share my frites with you...you might want your own sauce, but hey! If you're not some kind of creep with loads of visible mouth sores, I'm not against sharing my sauce either.
Good, filling wraps at a crazy affordable price.

I love the straightforward attitude behind this little eatery. Just pick a wrap, a special sauce for your fries (go for the European ketchup -- I tried my friend's and it was awesome), a drink, and sit down. And don't forget the Yelp check-in discount, too!
One of the few spots that wasn't slammed too much during Pride weekend and so my wife and I were happy to wait a few minutes in the AC while our wraps were prepared. 

The restaurant is not that large so seating might be at a premium when you visit. The woman behind the cash register was friendly yet still charged for a refill of our Sprite (in Cincinnati, free refills are almost universal). Ha!  

The food was fine, we were of course starving and dehydrated a bit so this food was perfect and healthy. I had the veggie wrap and I forget what my wife ate.

Thanks European Republic for saving us from starvation and dehydration. :)
Sara and I wanted ice cream, but Rebek wanted fries. She had just been in a concert so fries were her roses!

We, three, shared a triple size belgan frites. You get three sauces. I suggest the european sauce. It is the perfect mayo/aioli. The roasted garlic is good, but the european sauce we all took turns scraping it! The european ketchup tastes like burger sauce ( ketchup/mayo/relish) good, but makes you want a Village Whiskey burger! 

The space is lovely and felt cozy for us to chill and nosh and chitchat. They have a great lunch special and everything is made fresh on the premises! Will definitely return!
I used to like this place but I just can't trust their new worker at the register.

I placed the same simple pickup order that I do every week, and when I get there she tells me she accidentally handed it to the person who walked in before me. No problem: she tells me they'll remake the order; so I come back in 10 minutes, and she tells me "good news! the person returned your food."
I explain that I don't want the 30 minute old meal that was opened and returned by a stranger, and she confirms that this is in fact a fresh meal, not that original one. So she hands me the wrinkled bag and charges full price. 
I get home and of course open up a cold, 30-minute old meal that was clearly just returned by a stranger. Oh and by the way, they got the order wrong too.

The food is good but that's the worst service i've ever experienced.
I love this place. I'm from Long Island, so when I saw there was a European Republic in Philly (when I originally thought there was only one in Huntington, NY), I nearly freaked out and ran there for fries and european ketchup immediately.

My go-to is the grilled chicken, brie, honey mustard wrap with a giant pile of fries and an iced tea or lemonade. So excited I made this discovery and will probably become a regular in no time!!
This was my #1 place to get lunch, when I used to live in Olde City. Four things I love about European Republic:

*FIRST* 
The award winning fries--just when you think these fries can't get any better, they give you a wonderful selection of sauces that takes the flavors to a WHOLE new level.
(GET THE EUROPEAN KETCHUP) 

*SECOND*
The staff is great!! Having such a vast collection of sauces, I always got the best recommendations from whoever was behind the counter. And they're super friendly!!!

*THIRD*
The food--the wraps are so perfect! Their lunch combos are definitely my favorite, for being light but very tasty!! The quality of ingredients is also noticeably fresh.

*FOURTH*
Prices--I mean, seriously. The prices are SO affordable, if you pay around $10, chances are you're not going to finish everything you've ordered.

As far as things I didn't enjoy at this restaurant--I didn't have a great experience with their salads. Which is disappointing considering the fresh quality of their greens.
I spend a lot of time in Olde City, but I rarely eat there because I haven't really found a place that isn't so absolutely greasy I want to vomit or something for less than $10.  WHen I grabbed some fries there on a whim, I had no idea it would spiral into an addiction to their wraps.

If you are ever in Olde City and want something light that completely hits the spot, go here.  Vegetarians, meat eaters, picky eaters, there's something for everyone here.  The french fries alone are to die for.

I like to grab a Crispy Chicken wrap combo with fries and lemon dill sauce.  My veg friends LOVE the goat cheese wraps.  Amazing place.  Every person I've taken here has NOT been disappointed.
Update! After going to European Republic a few more times (one for an inexpensive weeknight takeout dinner with a friend, another for an inexpensive lunch before a day of shopping) I realize this place is pretty good and fills a unique cheap grab-and-go option in Old City. The service is friendly, and they talk to you more than other places in the city by recommending sauces and describing flavors. The wrap, frites and soda for $6.95 deal is killer, and around lunch time you'll see that a lot of other people take them up on this deal. I really like the #12 crispy chicken wrap with honey mustard sauce, which comes with nice fried chicken tenders and a full leaf of lettuce, no shredded stuff. The chicken Caesar wrap and crispy chicken wrap with jalapeno sauce both got good reviews from my friend and boyfriend, respectively. 

Anyway, this place is no frills but also no BS and the quality is consistent. This would be a good place to go for a cheap but filling meal if you're a tourist in Old City or just any other time you just don't want the wait and added cost of a sit down meal.
I wish this place was closer to home! - starts nearly every Philly review I write. 

Mostly because, Yay! I'm a fan. So I like the place, and wish it was closer to me. But also, I wish it was closer to me because it's not exactly the kind of place you trek to get food from. It's unfortunately too casual for me to drive 30 min into the city to get their sandwiches and fries. And it's a very small place, definitely not good for groups. 

But while I was here, I did enjoy what I ordered. Mostly because of the frites. The frites definitely did not disappoint. Perfectly combined crispy exteriors with fluffy and creamy interiors. The sauces are an added bonus. I enjoyed the European ketchup. 

My sandwich was also good, but not amazing. I actually don't even remember what I ordered, which is a problem. I enjoyed the sandwich, but it kind of tasted pre-made. As in, it had been made an hour or two before I got it and was started to lose it's flavor and moisture. The prices are cheap though, and totally worth it if you're in the area! The low prices and the fact that I liked my food enough to go back definitely bump it from 3 stars to 4 stars.
This place knows how to be exactly what it should be.

No pompous pretentious bs.  Simple, fresh and fast.  We came here with only 15 minutes before seeing Black Swan down at the Ritz East.  It was between this and pizza and we chose wraps.  I'm very happy we did.

We had the special that gave us frites and a drink with our wraps.  I got to try both the spicy chicken with goat cheese and the falafel wrap.  Both were tasty, plentiful and reasonably priced.

They have about 15 different sauces to pick from.  We tried the avocado and another one that tasted mostly like blue cheese.  They were great for dipping the wraps and frites into.

So, it's a great little fast fresh spot.  Now if they only had one in south philly....
Oh those fries. They were a bit thicker than I usually like (hence frites), and served in a traditional paper cone. The outside was golden, perfectly cooked to a crispy crunch, and actually tasted like a french fry should, probably because they don't fry thirty other things in their oil like a lot of restaurants. The inside, however was the real winner. Most places that make their fries crispy, do so by overcooking them. This renders the delicate starch inside flavorless and mere filler. At European Republic, the inside was light, fluffy and well, wonderful. These are some serious fries, no matter what style you prefer. My dining partner opted for the roasted garlic sauce and the mozzarella chicken wrap. The sauce was great, the wrap was good, and likewise the fries were perfect. Although I prefered the European ketchup dipping sauce, there are still many, many, variations to try, and I am sure I will make my way through a good portion of them.
I absolutely love European Republic. My co-workers and I eat there all the time. The service is friendly and fast. The food is made fresh. The price is cheap. Definitely try the crispy chicken wrap, and the Cajun sauce! My only wish is that it had replaced the Cosi at 4th and Market so they'd be closer to where I work - European Republic's food is 10x better AND cheaper.
Happened upon this shop while walking to the Liberty Bell.  I was hungry and hadn't had lunch yet and thought it would be a good snack.  I typically don't like thick fries, but these were fabulous.  I loved the choice of dipping sauces as well.  They've recently developed a chipotle mayo, which was my favorite of my picks.  Wish I could try all the sauces.  I ordered the middle size and it was too big to finish.
I think this place has it correct. Others have said the frites are great and many dipping sauces to choose from. I agree period! Others have said their wraps are bland, not me.  What's right is that the frites are the reason to go! The wraps help balance out the fat or bad food.  Nice job. This is alot better than some slow place at the Bourse. The pricing is good too! No hipster attitude from servers. What a Joy!
I eat here once a week and it definitely satisfies my lunch needs. Fries are large, deep fried, and come with your choice of 20 dipping sauces. None of the dips are actually spicy, so I'd say try the eggplant or avocado. 
They have 5 or 6 veggie wraps, including portabella, tofu, or veggie mix. They have a few organic ingredients in some wraps. Try the honey green tea, so good.
On our way to the Tin Angel for a show, some friends and I stopped by here for a quick dinner. Service was quick and friendly, and the staff was eager to share their favorite frites dips & wraps. 

I tried the spicy grilled chicken wrap with goat cheese, small frites w/ bbq cheddar dip, and a sweet lemonade tea. The wrap was basic, but I am a sucker for goat cheese. The fries are thick cut, nicely seasoned and come in their own paper cone. I couldn't really detect any "cheddar" in the dip, but it was really yummy. My friend had the lemon/thyme dip and it was delicious! 

You really can't be the price either - it was $15 for 2 wraps, 2 small frites, and 2 drinks. Will definitely be back to try more!
How is it I had never noticed this place? I must have passed it a dozen times on my way to someplace else but hardly knew it was there. I guess I just assumed it was some greasy burger joint and never gave it a second thought.

But then, while idly scrolling through Yelp, I stumbled upon the reviews. Belgian fries with 20+ dipping sauces and wraps rather than burgers? I finally went on a day off. It's a tiny little place with pictures on the wall and immaculately clean. The staff is nice. I got the half sandwich deal. I ordered the goat cheese wrap and had the iced tea. The fries are awesome and there are few fried foods I really like. They're crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. They're served in a paper cone like at any chipper on the other side of the Atlantic. I tried the European Sauce, it's like a light aioli. Really good. The tea was sweet but far from cloying and the wrap was fresh and sensibly sized.

Now that I've discovered European Republic, I'll have to come back. They do delivery, too.
I was worried when I walked in close to their closing time on a Saturday night. I thought, this place might not be good because there was no one in there at all. But maybe because it was near closing time. 

The FRITES were great! For 5 bucks, the large frites was totally a great deal. + 2 dipping sauces.. Had the European Mayo and Ketchup sauce... they were awesome!  Good price, good quantity, great quality.

Their pommes frites is almost spot on to the same pommes frites you find in Belgium. I say almost, because I think European Republic comes very close, and is on par with the very popular Pommes Frites in New York City. 

I'm surprised after living in Philly for 5 years, that I only find this place now. Will definitely be coming back.

Didn't have the wraps, so can't comment on that.
If the tortilla wrap hadn't been stale to the point of breaking off in pieces, European Republic would have been an easy 4-star. There really is a lot to like about this little sandwich shop. Quick, kind service; a selection of 23 dipping sauces to go with their stellar french fries (which are titled 'frites' because of the supposedly Belgian identity of the place); and an interesting selection of wraps and salads. 

I agree with most reviews of European Republic - both the good and the bad. Yes, the chicken was dry and the sauces on the wrap a little light. yes, the frites are amazing, some of the dips a little off. Yes, the dips are mostly mayonnaise based - we ordered the European Ketchup and Jalapeño Cheddar - but that aside, we still enjoyed both of them decently well. The European Ketchup, though only a mix of ketchup, mayo, and onions, was pretty tasty. 

My hopes are that I visited on an off night for the Republic. I'll go back for the frites alone, and maybe next time the meat will be a little better cooked and the tortilla will be a little fresher. I'd really love to give this place 4 stars because given its great location and price, European Republic could be a lunch or dinner favorite for anyone on a budget.

NOTE: $.35 charge when you pay by card, regardless of the total bill. I think if you spend over $10, this fee should be waived, but oh well: their place, their rules.
Philly's little secret! I used to live around the corner from here, and I miss it. I love coming here for a wrap and frites. You get just the right amount of food here. I love the crispiness of the wraps. It never gets old trying different dips for the frites.
This is a really great quick spot in Old City.  I've walked by a million times, but finally stopped in for a late dinner after a vampire, sex, and ghosts tour.  All that Philly history makes a girl hungry.  I went with the falafel wrap and frites with the garlic sauce.  I also got to try the chicken.  I though the chicken was a little dry, but overall the wraps were pretty tasty, and were exactly what I was looking for that night.  The frites were super tasty.  The European ketchup and the honey mustard sauce were good as well.  Definitely nice to know that this exists when you don't want a big sit down meal in Old City, but also don't want pizza.
My order come after 2 hour.. i order penne allla vodka they give me rigatoni.  What the hell?  Cicken ok.. but rigatoni its not  penne alla votka
I just saw that this place was open when I walked to work this morning and figured i'd try it out for lunch. The wrap I had wasn't bad, nothing to write home about though. The fries are pretty good and you get a ton of dipping sauces to choose from. The lady who took my order was extremely cute and courteous as well. I'll probably frequent this place until I try at least all of the wraps on the menu.
I try to eat here at least once a week and consider it a true hidden gem of Old City eating. They present an incredible value ($7 for a wrap, fries, sauce and drink) that is filling and a plethora of options that makes it very difficult to go anywhere else. 

The wraps themselves have always been consistently very good. While the chicken tends to be slightly dry the veggies have always been crisp and fresh. The fries themselves are the real star here. They are always perfectly salted, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The large number of dipping sauce options are all very tasty. My personal recommendation is the European Ketchup as it adds a sweet and slightly smoky flavor that compliments the salty fries quite well.
Definitely a go-to for lunch or a cheap and easy dinner. I love the quick service and their fries and dips are so amazing. The wraps aren't anything too special, but I think they're delicious and I love the variety.
Awesome find. In from Chicago for a wedding weekend and hotel staff recommended this place. Went for lunch - Caesar wrap and fries with European ketchup, OMG. Hubby had garlic sauce. Both excellent. Ask for extra sauce with wrap cause bread a little dry but authentic and thin. We loved it so much we went back for a snack of fries after wedding and before reception. We knew we couldn't be back to Philly for awhile so had to pack in this deliciousness. Staff very friendly and helpful in giving recommendations. Wish we had it in our town. Good value, too.
This place doesn't look very appetizing from the outside but don't let the exterior fool you. This place has good food and a pleasant staff.
European Republic has got to be one of the the best places to get a wrap in the city.  The daily special #2 (1/2 wrap, small fries & small drink) satisfies on days when I just want a simple, filling lunch. 

In addition to the delicious food, the service is super-friendly.
Delicious food, confusing (but super friendly!) service.

Have picked up food here a few times:
First time -- I ordered a penne with salmon, and a organic greens salad. While taking my order, the woman at the counter asked if I wanted chicken on the salad, but I declined.  Instead,  I received linguine in a clam sauce (didn't notice however as I took it to go and didn't check onsite), and the salad as ordered w/o chicken. Although not my order (!) the linguine was absolutely delicious -- noodles cooked perfectly, and the perfect amount of clam sauce with lots of clams.

Second time: I ordered the veggie chicken wrap and fries, with the jalapeño cheese sauce. Asked about the organic greens salad and was not offered a chicken option, so I think the first time explanation was a mistake ;) Wrap was amazing - not your ordinary dry chicken boring veggies; this one had squash and eggplant as other yumminess. Fries were also quite good - stayed crispy after the 10 min trek home, and the sauce was nicely spicy, but more aioli than cheese. 

Regardless of the misrepresentation in foods, whatever I have ended up getting has always been amazing. Will def keep going back!
Europe is fresh in my mind beccause I just returned from there a few weeks ago, so I was excited to try this place and test the authenticity of their frites.  I ordered a spicy chicken wrap with goat cheese, frites and a drink, all for $7.50!  Great deal.  People have commented that the wraps are small, but it was very filling for me.  The spiciness of the chicken wasn't really there, but it was still good.  I ordered a second dipping sauce (garlic mayo) because I am a huge sauce freak and because the wrap wasn't quite saucy enough for me.  The frites were crispy and good.  I ordered the European ketchup which is mayo,  ketchup and onion.  It definitely reminded me of eating fries with mayo in Europe.  The desserts in the case looked really good, but I held myself back.   If I ever find myself in this area of Philly again, I will for sure return!
Rocks, great prices amazing frites.  I had an amazing wrap that made my afternoon.  Chicken, mozzarella wrap is delicious.
This is my everyday lunch spot. The best of both worlds. The city and affordable good healthy food! Can't get any better than this .
Dig this place. Right near where I work, which makes it convenient. The special is great, and doesn't put a hurt on my wallet which is nice. Love their wraps, but especially love their fries. So many different dipping sauces - great.

Totally worth it if you're looking to grab some lunch or a quick dinner and head back to wherever you're going.
I visited this establishment after a long night out on First Friday. We had hit up all of the galleries featuring free drinks and so we were desperate for some late night munchies. My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place and since he had spent a semester in Belgium, we felt compelled to compare the fries to the real thing.

I am a check-in fiend, so when I pulled out my phone, I noticed immediately that there was a check-in deal that allowed the user to get a wrap and fries for $6.95. Of course, I took advantage of that. I chose the chicken caesar wrap and we sat down to wait. The place was very tiny and was livened up the pretty regular traffic (which surprised me, as it was almost eleven o'clock at night).

I was quite impressed with the food. Though it was rather small, that meant my wrap wasn't overloaded with toppings. I would have preferred a more flavorful caesar dressing, though. The fries themselves were extremely easy to gobble up. They were crispy and golden on the outside, and soft and fluffy on the inside. We chose the basil sauce and the jalapeno cheese sauce. Both were solid choices, though I much preferred the jalapeno cheese because it was a) cheesy and cheese loves fries and b) it had just enough of a kick to clear my sinuses from the cold. Given that my wrap came with an enormous amount of fries, I can't complain about the $7 price tag. But I hope the check-in deal remains, otherwise, I would feel like my wrap was too small for the price.
I found European Republic while looking for a healthy and inexpensive alternative for lunch.
I had the salmon caesar wrap which was delicious; however the wrap was light on the salmon.
The place is clean and the guy behind the counter was friendly and polite. I will definitely be coming back.
Love the wraps I always stop in for a quick bite when I'm on my trips. Not a big fried food person but there fries are great. They got a huge selection of homemade sauces which is awesome.
I am a big fan of this small eating establishment. I stop by for lunch about once a week. The meals are extremely well priced and plentiful. There are SO many selections of chicken wraps, it takes me awhile to decide. The fries are delicious too and you choose a sauce to go with your fries.  They have a daily $6.95 lunch special which includes a wrap(good size), small fries, and a drink. I think its a great lunchtime place!
I've always been a big fan of Pommes Frites (r.ip. :/ ) out in NYC for the their pipping hot fries and endless selection of dipping sauces. So when I discovered that there was a similar place in Philly, I just had to try it out.
I was amazed and elated at how reasonably priced the menu was. I ordered a large fry with 2 dipping sauces. I also decided to get a wrap sandwich to go along with it. 
The wrap itself was okay. A honey grilled chicken wrap. Not very big, the chicken was a bit overdone. If there was cheese in it (don't remember exactly if it came with it or not), you could hardly taste it. But the fries, DELICIOUS! They don't have as many sauces as Pommes did, but the quality the flavoring is top notch. I recommend this place for anyone that's in the mood for a feel-good snack. Get as many dips as possible, it makes it worth the while.
I'd come back for the fries alone. The wraps? Nah. It's all about the fries here.
I have been a regular here since i last reviewed it and I haven't found a wrap i didn't like.  I've recently been brave enough to try some of the more exotic dipping sauces...the smoked salmon is worth trying.

I've been trying to convince the owner to open up a second location in Northern Liberties so i can have access to the food when i'm at home.
The wraps are fine. The frittes are fine. The dips are super tasty. 

Great place to grab a cheap bite before/while you're drinking your way through old city.
I came here with my husband for dinner after reading all the positive reviews about their fries and sauces. I checked in over Yelp and a coupon came up on my phone for a wrap and fries for $4.95, so I redeemed that right away. When we walked in the set-up was pretty much what I expected from the reviews online. There were only a handful of tables to sit at, but luckily it wasn't busy. I can see how this is a popular lunch spot/take-out spot.

I ordered the spicy chicken wrap and the fries with cajun sauce. The man got the chicken and brie wrap with honey dijon sauce and the fries with jalepeno cheese sauce. The first thing I tasted was the jalepeno cheese sauce, and it was REALLY spicy! It tasted like pureed jalepenos. It wasn't necessarily a bad thing, but I felt like I couldn't really taste MY sauce to the fullest because of it. It'd be better if the cheese taste was more prevelant. Also I think the spicy sauce on my wrap was the same dipping sauce he got for the fries. Again, tough to taste the cajun sauce.

I'm giving this three stars because the location is not ideal for those who don't live nearby, there isn't much seating, and it reminded me too much of a pizza joint. That being said, the fries here were indeed all they were made out to be. I would definitely return for them again. And I'd advise others to check this place out simply to sample the fried goodness. The wrap wasn't so amazing that I'd venture back to get another one, but I'd love to make my way through those dipping' sauces!
Didn't come here for a meal so we just got a large thing of fries and multiple dipping sauces for a snack. Although it was a shitton of food so it could've qualified as a meal.

The fries were awesome and didn't really need any sauces to go with them but I love dipping fries into various things so we got several to try... caesar, lemon dill, basil, bbq cheddar, parmesan, avocado, european sauce, and european ketchup. The european sauce and the european ketchup were the best in my opinion, and the bbq cheddar kinda made me wanna vomit so can't really suggest that one.

Definitely a fan though, the service was super friendly and it's super cheap, even to get an actual meal.
Really affordable food with a tasty edge to it! I've been a regular here for about a year now. At times one or two of the girls up front have had a difficult time understanding my requests but the vibe is great, the chefs and back of house always so accommodating, and I really appreciate the international vibe here. Keep it up.
This place was simply human... You walked off the streets into a small european cafe.
Wonderful selection of fresh food. Inviting wholesome staff. I will definitely be going back there with my family....
Oh might I add compared to the pricy food places around this one definitely fits my pocket...
The dipping sauces alone makes European a hit. The fries beg to be dipped, so if you are in Philly go a head a give it a whirl.

P.s. they only serve chicken so don't expect and beef or lamb.
The frites were not bad but not the quality of bona fide Belgian frites. True Brussels frites are fried once, allowed to cool, and then fried AGAIN to get a super crispy outside and a soft inside. These were good, but not amazing. Also, despite their varied sauce offerings they didn't have the traditional sauces you see all over Belgium: samurai sauce, a kind of chipotle mayo, and sauce andalouse, a tangy sauce. Overall though this place is good for a late night or post-bar snack, and with a can of coke, authentic or no, they did hit the spot.
I've been working in Old City for a year and how I managed to walk past this gem numerous times is beyond me.  The frites are AWSMAZING (awesome+amazing).  They have numerous dipping sauces for you to choose from, my faves are the BBQ Cheddar Sauce and the Cajun Sauce.  I'm so tempted to go in there one day and ask to buy a industrial size jar of their sauces.
Lines get pretty long during lunch, but the service and food is always amazing. I usually HATE wraps, but European Republic does them very differently. If you're in the area, this would be my top pick to try out.
I've had a mental bookmark to try European Republic ever since first walking by when they opened. I love anything that has variety and when a menu lists about 22 different dips just for the frites, I'm in. 

It took us a little while to finally check them out. But when sunny, warm, SPRING weather beckons its hard to resist. We walked all the way over to Old City from Rittenhouse and worked up a bit of an appetite doing so, which provided the perfect excuse to drop by European Republic. Most of the tables inside were filled, so I snagged the one remaining while the bf ordered himself their special of the day, a chicken caesar wrap with frites, only $5!! We took the recommendation of the guy behind the counter and opted to try the roasted garlic dip. YOU MUST HAVE THAT DIP. Unless you're a vampire, in which case I'm sure any of the other 21 dips would work well. They have every kind of sauce you can think of: bbq, caesar, honey dijon, curry, basil, caviar, peanut, parmesan, avocado...waaaay too many to remember off the top of one's head. 

The wrap was ok according to the bf. Nothing fantastic, but definitely worth the cheap price. The frites were pretty fantastic; I prefer them cut slightly thinner, but they were FRESH (warning: hot oil!) and crispy outside, tender inside. The dips are definitely the stars of this place. I wish they would offer some sort of dip sampler so that you could try more in one sitting - like choose 10 of the dips, receive maybe half as much as they normally give you per each, and pay a slightly reduced price compared to the $0.50 per additional dip they charge. It could be like an add-on option when you order the frites. THAT'D be awesome. Regardless, this is a solid place for cheap, filling, quick tasty eats. And the guys working there are super, duper nice too. BONUS!
when you want fries, this place is awesome.  they are generously sized servings, so go and share.  The european sauce is the way to go of the tastings it was my absolute favorite.  It was a nice mayo/aioli and it was amazing. the service is incredibly friendly, and perhaps even a little chatty.  a nice place to hang out and eat your fries--particularly if you need to absorb some old city drinking!
Consistantly Good!  I've been here three times now and tried many a dip and most of the veg wraps.  Took the inlaws for a quick late night bite one evening and they liked it too.  The only thing I have to say is about the service- the guy working the counter the last time I was in was on his cell phone the whole time, very distant, and nowhere near as friendly/adorable as the girl that was there the first two times.   Btw the free frite special is over but last time I was there, they had another special going on.
Delicious wraps and fries!! Wraps are nothing fancy but there are tons of options! They are European style wraps so not those big heavy things you're used to. Also try the fry dipping sauces! So many! Good prices too!
I came here for lunch one afternoon while visiting Philadelphia from San Francisco.  In San Francisco, we have a yummy place that does Belgium fries with dipping sauces and so that is what initially caught my eye as I was walking by.

I had the tomato/basil wrap and my husband had the buffalo chicken wrap. We shared a big portion of fries and had three yummy sauces.  The wraps were so fresh, healthy and delicious; the fries were crispy and not overly greasy.  The owner and his daughter were really pleasant, and we enjoyed chatting with them for a bit.  If I lived in Philadelphia, I would come here often.
I made out with a sparkling instead of casual spring, thanks to the clerk's leniancy. Try every dipping sauce before you die.
Great place for something quick, cheap, and delicious! Portion size is on the smaller side but the price is so good it doesn't even matter. People that work there seemed very friendly as well.
LOVE this local cafe - delicious drinks & nibbles, complemented by a fun atmosphere and great service. Try the paninis.
I really enjoyed this place. It is low key, affordable, and cozy. I met up with a friend and we spent quite a while there comfortably (they stay open till 10 pm even though we were the last ones in there around 8:30; we didn't feel rushed though!).

I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 because, while the food was great and portion sizes were good, it wasn't perfect. I got the goat cheese wrap and while it was good, it had a little too much vinegar on it, making it just a tad bit unpleasant (just a bit!). I got it with fries and the basil sauce, which were both superb. 

I would like to try other things to see if the goat cheese wrap's excessive vinegar was an isolated incident; the experience wasn't enough for me to not return, because overall I really enjoyed it.
This place has amazing fries. 
Unbelievably good fries. 
Like you're going to crave them specifically good. 
And they come with these wild aiolis to choose from.

If you eat Halal, you're in luck because their meat is certified. 

This is a regular stop for me and a lot of people who work in Old City. Eight bucks total for something fast and filling is awesome.
The service at this place is excellent. I had a crispy wrap, frites, and a drink (free refills FTW). I really dug the food. The frites and the sauce (euro ketchup) are a mean combo. I'm going to have to come back and really load up next time. I was just testing the waters and the ER delivered. It was pretty much empty when I went minus a few tourists. BTW, I wish the wrap was bigger, but I'm hard to please with wraps because I'm used to making my own monster wraps.

The place is so small I wouldn't want to be there while it's packed. Overall, the manager was really pleasant and accommodating. I really have a distaste for the touristy places on Market, but I can put up with a few of them for such great food. 

Also, I'm diligent about checking in on Foursquare and Yelp and I got a special coupon after the fact that I paid. The manager was kind enough to extend the offer for my next visit. I may even try the banana pudding some time.
Came into Philly for a few hours to see the sites and walked into this place based on other yelpers and that it was in the area of town we were in. 

Great fries - in fact as we were parking a woman came up to us and, unsolicited, indicated great fries.  Each fry order comes with a choice of dipping sauce - I took the curry - it was okay.  The mango one was okay but I'm sure there are others that are much better.  It's not a big place but it's cozy to sit and eat.  I don't eat french fries too often but these were worth it.  You could make the fries alone a meal.

The wrap was good - I had buffalo chicken - the sauce was spicy but not too spicy.
Get a crispy chicken wrap with European Ketchup on it.  Become an addict like me.  

ER has friendly service and tasty food- perfect for a quick meal and my favorite place for takeout.
Great place for lunch, I love the Crispy Spicy Chicken Wrap, and then dip the fries in the Jalapeño Cheddar. Has great heat to it, I love when food is spicy but not overbearing where you cant even enjoy the meal, although sometimes I love it aha but for an afternoon lunch maybe not. The fries are a great size and they give you a great amount, the wrap is my only thing though, I wish it was bigger. But for the price it's reasonable. 

Definitely check this place out! They have a nice size menu including options for the kids. There is another location on South Street that I haven't tried yet, I love the Chestnut location though, friendly people and top notch service, it's great.

-AM
I love this place.  A big burger and fish sandwich for about a good $3.50 each? Great stuff, dudes. Alot of sweet eateries here in Philly.
Great healthy wrap choices though the delicious frites kinda offset the health factor. Still the frites are not to be missed! And the 6 sauces we sampled were all delicious (though out of Parmesan, BBQ, honey Dijon, mango chutney, peanut, and basil sauces, the only one I wouldn't get again is the chutney. It wasn't bad by any means but it was thin and didn't really stick too much to the frites.) there are still about 17 sauces I'd like to try. Guess I'll have to come back again on my next visit to Philly.
Whoa! What a amazing little gem that looks a little tacky from the outside, but the menu says it all! Over 20 sauces to try from (go for the garlic) but for some reason they all have the same white tint and taste similar but Its that good I don't care enough to complain! I go for the spicy chicken with goat cheese wrap! (#21 or 22?) and these guys will take special requests so dont be afraid to ask for tomato or a certain topping!

Quick service. Great Fries! and for about 6-7 bucks, its a great option! It can get packed but don't be alarmed, the line moves quick. Theres only seating for about 10 people so expect to takeout if your coming during lunch!
I have to start this review with a caveat - I ate at European Republic in the middle of an all day bar crawl.  That being said, I don't think anything could have tasted better than European Republic did at that moment.  

I ordered the #4 ... I'm not sure what this was, but it was a chicken with a spicy sauce.  And it was delicious, I'll go back if for no other reason than to remember what it was I ordered.  

The fries.... there are no words to describe these these delicious used-to-be-regular-potatoes-turned-magic-in-my-mouth.  They were served hot and fresh.  We chose jalapeno cheddar and European ketchup (at the cashier's suggestion) and ended up in LOVE with the European ketchup.  The jalapeno cheddar was fine, but it was no European ketchup.  YUM.  

I can't wait to go back.
I really love European Republic and I'm not afraid to say it.  The sandwiches are pretty small but somehow so delicious and the lunch special is a great deal.  I always get the chicken with brie and honey mustard and everything comes wrapped up in a fresh flour wrap.  It's a simple meal but chicken, brie and honey mustard is classic and really can't be beat.  I get the lunch special with lentil soup and the honey green tea and it's an awesome deal for around $7!  The lentil soup is simple but tasty and makes a good snack a few hours after you've eaten your sandwich.  The ice honey green tea is really delicious too.  The lunch special runs until about 3pm and I often find myself running across Old City on the weekends to grab it.

The fries are good too but I don't usually order them.  They have like 30 sauce options that you can choose to go with them and they all sounds amazing.  I think I've had a garlic aioli which was good.

They also have a dessert case which I do not think gets much attention...one time I ordered a piece of vanilla bean cheesecake and when I asked for it the counter girl looked really confused.  It was AMAZING though so people should order the desserts!
I'm honestly not all that sure what everyone's excited about with European Republic...

Seeing all of the glowing reviews on Yelp I expected the food would be a lot better. Not that it was bad or anything, just not anything mind blowing by any stretch. We tried a few wraps including the chicken, mozzarella and basil and the honey mustard chicken wrap. All were decent but the waps themselves were pretty small and seemed to fall apart easily. They tasted pretty much like something I could whip up at home without trying really hard. As a comparison, I think that the wraps at Trader Joe's are much tastier and are served in a real (as opposed to paper thin) tortilla that does not fall apart as readily.

On to the frites. While they were very indeed good,  tasty, and served piping hot, I think the fries at Five Guys are better when they do them up right. I also think the frites at ER are a bit thick for my liking, as they seemed a bit too much like a baked potato in the center despite a crisp interior. The three dipping sauces we tried were ok but admittedly weren't all that memorable. 

As far as the desserts, they have good homemade banana and rice pudding, both of which, like everything else is decent but not wrth rushing back for. 

The place itself is pretty small and comfy and the owners seem friendly enough. I just wish the food was all that it seems cracked up to be.
Went here a few weeks ago after happy hour in Old City. The check-in deal of a wrap and frites caught my attention so I got that. The frites were great but my grilled chicken wrap was pretty subpar. The chicken was pretty dry and tasteless. Overall, the place was ok but considering the amount of places to get food in Philly I won't be going back anytime soon. 

As a side note, the bathrooms are downstairs and pretty creepy so if you can avoid them I would recommend it.
Ohhh my goodness the food here was amazing! I had there baby organic salad with a side of fries! The fries where the best Fries i have ever had! Thick cut potatoes, crispy on the outside perfect in the inside! The hardest part was choosing the dipping sauce! They have 18 different kinds of sauces and they make all there sauces from scratch! Absolutely love this please will definitely be back for there fries and to try more things on the menu!
