Beer & VEGAN tacos! What more could you ask for?  Need more.....ok....they have super positive vibes and a really cute environment.   Still need more? How about old school trivial pursuit cards on the table for your entertainment pleasure while you wait for your vegan tacos.    
      This place is hip, fun, clever, charming, vibrant and alive.  There is an eclectic mix of beer drinkers that collect inside and everyone is friendly.  It's a community vibe and you don't have to worry about not knowing anyone, you will feel at home when you walk in.  Belly up to the bar and have a full on conversation with the folks that work there about the beer or anything else .... again...friendly vibes!!  This was my first time here, I loved it and I hope to be back again soon.  I'm an IPA FAN, that's actually the only kinda beer I drink...their IPA's are delicious!  I was in love with the first sip.  Give it a try, you won't regret it....while you're there, get a taco.
After what seems like forever, Evil Genius is FINALLY opened! I went on opening night but it felt like the staff had been doing this forever. The industrial, spacious beer hall is the perfect place to grab a drink while in Fishtown. They had ~10 beers on tap and most where from "The Lab" and exclusively served at this location. The location offers a few different glass sizes as well so if you are a lightweight (me) you can opt for the 8oz pours. There's a large chalkboard with the drink menu along with VCR boxes that have the menus placed in the sleeves. I tried Super Nintendo Chalmers (Nintendo x Simpsons reference) and really enjoyed it.

There is plenty of seating on the rustic wooden tables and large bar. We actually grabbed a standing spot where they have a thin bar on the wall. It's just enough space to put your beer while your chatting with friends. There is a large glass roll up door that leads to the brewery.. On the glass they had hand written what's on deck to be tapped next. They weren't offering tours but I did peek in.

The lines were a little long (opening night problems) so I didn't try and food but I can't wait to make my next visit.
What a perfectly adorable spot in Fishtown!  If I had to design my ideal brewery location, Evil Genius hit the nail on the head.  Funky, fun, and a little bit hipster, it's ... well, Genius! Stocked with plenty of seating options from booths to tables and bar stools, games, cards, and fun Guess Who boards scattered about as well - it's perfect! 

We came here with a large group of people for a birthday celebration on a sunny April Saturday from 1-5ish.  We had probably 15-20 people and 2 long tables complete with cards, games, and plenty of brews!  When we arrived around 1, the place had open seating and booths but by the time we left, it was crowded, and there were lines to order.  
*Full disclosure, a couple arrived at noon when they opened to reserve 2 long tables in the back for our party. 

I LOVED the names of the beers, and pretty much based our flights on the names alone.  (seriously though, not joking).  The hubby and I split 2 flights throughout the afternoon, since we had to be responsible adults and drive to another event that evening.  I'll list the brews and my thoughts below.  Please excuse my beyond elementary beer palate.  We ordered one of them twice (Scotty Doesn't Know), so there are 9 listed below - each flight is 5 picks.
:: #iCan'tEven (Watermelon Blonde Ale - 5.6%abv) - it absolutely tasted like watermelon!  I know people like this, but not for me - fun and interesting to drink though.
:: Aziz Light (Cucumber New England Style IPA - 5.8%abv) - meh. kinda cucumber-ey, kinda bland.
:: Scotty Doesn't Know (Oatmeal Pale Ale - 4.6%abv) - one of my favorites of the night.  Light and refreshing, slightly oat-ey, if that's a thing?
:: I Love Lamp (Pineapple Hefeweizen - 5.5%abv) citrus-ey and bright - albiet somewhat bitter, yet refreshing.
:: Purple Monkey Dishwasher (Chocolate Peanut Butter Porter - 6.7%abv) - SO good, for a porter.  You can taste the peanut butter and the chocolate, super super smooth.  Heavy.
:: It's a bold strategy, Cotton, Let's see if it Pays off (Blue Coat Gin-Inspired New England Style IPA - 7.7%abv) good and funky - hard to explain.
:: Morning Mudslide (Chocolate, Vanilla, Lactose, Coffee, Imperial Porter - 10%abv) - ordered this because, #wheninRome.  It was bitter and heavy.  the Purple Monkey Dishwasher was MUCH better.
:: Kill it! Kill it with Fire! (Biere de Garde with Elderberries + Plums - 6.5%abv) - nothing too memorable, slightly sweet from fruit - but don't remember being wow-ed.
:: Stacy's Mom (Citra IPA - 7.5%abv) - my other favorite of the night. Citrus without being tangy, smooth and delish.  Plus the name makes me giggle.

**Please take my review with a grain of salt, I'm not usually a beer drinker.
I probably could've waited another few months and just wrote this review during the actual holiday season, but I figured better late than never. What am I talking about? First off, beer! Evil Genus Beer Company to be exact. And that name packs oh so much more than just some totally taste-tacular brews. 

Here's the "second off" (to go along with the first), when I visited this Philly spot, it was July. And what was this zany brewery doing? Celebrating Christmas. X-Mas in July doesn't really do it for me (usually), but on a beer level, I was down.

The place was decked out in Christmas decor, though even without any garland or mistletoe Evil Genius is still awesome. Large enough to house plenty of thirsty customers while still cozy in style and setup. They have a friggin' couch area with Sega games...what more could you ask for?! (There's food too btw).

Well, you could ask for beer. At EG, you'll find your beer menu on old VHS boxes (the 90's kid inside of me was elated) and a nice selection to boot. A flight was of course the way to go and I have to say it was tough deciding. The choices did sound good, but so did the names. I mean when you brew a beer called Purple Monkey Dishwasher then you've sold me. It's those names (and their pop culture connections) that just make this experience a little extra fun. 

Okay, enough. It's actually time to talk beer. I did try PMD (a chocolate peanut butter porter) and it did not disappoint. A perfect balance of the two ingredients along with a little robust kick. I Love Lamp was also pretty perfect in its pineapple Hefeweizen ways. For the IPA in all of us, Utopian Blaster had that great bitter session balance. True to the "season", Santa! I Know Him (a festive saison) was out of this world. And let's just say the beer with the Prince name (you'll figure it out from the pic) was original and rounded out a spectacular selection of suds. There's truly some evil minds concocting these beers, but it's to our advantage!

Overall, Evil Genius Beer Company is nothing short of nuts. It's also funny, and cool, and kooky, and tasty and *insert positive adjective here*. I don't know how else to put it. Hey, Yards is a great brewery (stop if you haven't been), but if you're in Philadelphia and looking for quality craft beer, Evil Genius can't be skipped. Because 'tis always the the season for a pint.
Evil Genius first had me with creative beer names like Purple Monkey Dishwasher, This One Time At Bandcamp!, and The Files Are "In" The Computer. But as I've tasted their brews over the years I've been able to also develop a strong fondness for their love and dedication to craft beers. 

When I first heard news that they were getting ready to open a flagship brewery in Kensington/Fishtown I've been immediately ready to enjoy it and have been anticipating its opening. Somehow the fact that it was opening up a preview beer garden was a fact that alluded me until I heard friends talking about it during the Philadelphia Brewing Company (review update coming later), and as soon I heard I was ready to join in for the after gathering. And despite the obvious and understandable first day hangups, it lead to another solid outdoor drinking destination for the city.

As expected the beer garden has a number of its flagship beers flowing. But since it's in close proximity I liked that they welcomed Saint Benjamin's Brewing to their friendly neighborhood beer garden as well. For food offerings Cow & The Curd and its wonderful poutine w/ bacon was the main attraction. But they also had a new grilled cheese truck, and baked goods tents serving treats of the dessert persuasion.

Expect more participating food trucks to be on hand, ad more solid brews to be on tap as the Evil Beer Genius Beer Garden continues to be on tap. So as long as that's the case I do LOVE LAMP!
I really wanted to love it here. I am certainly going to go back and give it another shot and update my review but for now I'm bummed. My husband was super excited to check this place out. We love craft beer but since we don't like any IPAs I was excited to try the pineapple wheat beer and the few other versions they had listed on the website. Spoiler alert- there were no wheat beers. UGH!! Eleven beers on tap and 8 were IPAs, with a porter and stout. Now I realize IPA is all the rage these days but I know so many people who don't like them. Crazy to have no options. 

On the positives, I'll say the concept is great, the location and parking are terrific and the inside has a fun, bright vibe. I love the retro touches like the old fashion video games, the cafeteria style food and the menus on the VHS tape cases. Very fun and clever.  The staff were very friendly, hard-working and welcoming. We had the grilled cheese and the PB&J with chips. Perfect snacks for beer drinking (too bad there wasn't any beers I liked to drink) and the rest of the food others were eating looked good. Certainly not a dinner destination, but fine for what it is. It's cool to see the "beer lab" through the windows and I'm sure the beer garden outdoors will be nice once it's open. 

Negatives: the lack of beer variety (yes I know I'm harping on this) and the open layout with large booth style seating. Four tables that could seat 6 each were taken by parties of two. There was nowhere to sit or stand and people were wandering around carrying flights of beer. Not nearly enough table space. The MOST bizarre part was the long line cattle call to get to two middle iPad stations, which is the ONLY place to order beer and food. It's was chaos with people waiting 10 minutes at the bar only to be told you can only order in the center counter. 

So let me break this down for you: you and your pal finally snag a seat at the bar. Get comfy. Wait to get the attention of a server only to be told one of you has to GET UP from your bar seat and stand in a long 20 minute line to order beer, which you then carry back to your seat at the bar. WHAT??!!

There's got to be a better system. I hope they come up with one soon.
Of course Evil Genius has been on my "must visit" list for sometime - I finally made it!  The space is HUGE and I liked the retro vibe and comfy lounge area.  There are Large TV's with sports or movies playing - keeps you engaged.  There are also all types of games to play as well-stay away from "thinking games" while drinking - you always think you are a genius, but really end of sounding like a drunken philosopher...LOL
  
The outside space is cool too - bar - the fire pit and twinkle lights make you wanna spend more time - not a bad thing when the beer selections are pretty good!

I started out with the Nachos and a flight - both were good.  I decided to move onto the can release for the night!  It was a good time and I'll be back for sure.
The already blooming craft beer and pop-up beer garden scene in Philadelphia has welcomed yet another brewery. For now, Evil Genius is just a brew garden, but an actual brewery is in the works for next year. 

To me, there are two main components of a successful beer garden/brewery. Firstly, the beer needs to be good. Evil Genius already has that down. I've had many of their brews in the past but got to enjoy Turtle Power and Stacy's Mom at the garden during it's opening weekend. Generally, they have a nice list of beers, with great names, in their repertoire. In terms of the brew garden, they had four of those represented at the time of my visit, as well as some guest brews from St. Benjamin. How great is it that our local beer scene plays well in the sandbox together? How can good things (and maybe collaborations...fingers crossed!) not come of this? 

Secondly, the atmosphere needs to be good. Aside from the El roaring by every so often, the Evil Genius Brew Garden has the atmosphere down. There are a bunch of tables and chairs to hang out at. At least during opening weekend, they had food trucks parked out front on the street. In the brew garden, they had popcorn and a vendor that sold cookies beverages (beer cookie shot anyone?) The garden was everyone friendly. During my visit I saw an array of puppies, babies and adults of various age ranges. Speaking of ranges, I thought the $6 price range of the beers were totally on point and appropriate for what we got. It was a really chill scene and a place I'd easily see myself hanging out at. 

I think a challenge will be getting there, but that's probably the biggest Center City to Fishtown challenge anyways. For those using the El it shouldn't be too hard. 

Welcome to Philly, Evil Genius. I see you fitting right in and thriving.
Like so many people, I support revitalization of the commercial corridor under the el and was eagerly awaiting Evil Genius!

That said, meh.

The space is great, but the beer line at the center of the bar is really disruptive to the flow making it hard both to maneuver through the seating area, and to get a beer.

Nothing on the food menu (sandwiches, dips) grabbed me, as a quick scan revealed limited vegetarian/vegan options during the soft opening period.  Maybe this will change.

Staff was friendly enough, and eagerly collecting empty glasses and plates to clear space for the large crowd, keeping the space neat.

The beers themselves are kind of interesting, and generally pretty good, but their names.  Oh, their names!  They are cringe-worthy.  "Super Nintendo Chalmers"?  "Stacy's Mom"?!  These jokes haven't been relevant since I was in high school.

I guess I'm probably 10 years older than this pub's target audience.  Maybe I'll come back here again someday and update my review.  More likely, I'll stay home drinking in my living room and yell at the damn kids to stay off my lawn on their way to Evil Genius.
As someone who is eagerly awaiting the opening of the Evil Genius Brewery, this place will definitely tie me over til their official opening. This beer garden was a great place to bring a group on a Saturday afternoon. We arrived right when they opened.

There are a handful of tables with umbrellas to shield you from the sun or in our case rain. They set up an additional tent for people standing when it started raining which was very thoughtful. There was a giant jenga set right at the entrance which I could see being fun...i just wrote on the blocks with the supplied sharpie.

Along with having a few Evil Genius Beers on tap, there were a few beers from Saint Benjamin and then a single cider from Commonwealth Ciders. I opted for Ma! the Meatloaf from EG and it was $6. There were cookie cups with beer (?!) and assorted food trucks around but I wasn't hungry so I skipped them - maybe next time.

I definitely want to come back to this place and try a few more of the beers. Evil Genius is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
very fun brewery with more than just beer! 

sit down in the corner on the couches and play games or watch VHS tapes.

sit outside under the umbrellas and enjoy some convos and look at the artwork they have around.

order off of the small, but filling food menu.

beers are modestly priced here - i love their 5 beer flight for 12.00. they have various types of beer on draft too. also, dont forget to take home some case or loose beer, they sell that here too. the shirts are super cute.  fast service and clean bathrooms. overall, a great atmosphere.
Evil Genius, where have you been all of my life?! I've been dying to check this place out and I gotta say... it definitely lived up to the hype. 

Just a disclaimer: I'm not much of a beer drinker so I can't really comment on the beers. Which might leave you wondering "what is a non-beer drinker doing here?" Well thankfully, Evil Genius also serves wine! Breweries generally aren't my first pick so needless to say this is a huge selling point for me. Thankfully they have a variety of wines to choose from. They sell some small bites if you're looking to eat while you're there. 

I can sum up the atmosphere in three words: laid back, comfy, and casual. There is plenty of seating including booths and bar seating. But if you're lucky enough, make sure you snag a spot at one of the super comfy leather couches! There are plenty of games around such as trivia, Clue, and Bananagrams, just to name a few. There is also a outdoor area. I didn't venture out there but it seemed kind of tiny when I passed by.

Prices are affordable. A glass of wine is priced at $8. I noticed flights for around $11. The employees are nice and friendly. One employee even let me sample a couple of beers.

All in all, I would highly recommend Evil Genius to others... especially to all of you NoLibs/Fishtown people who are sick of the "typical" spots (aka Frankford Hall, Garage, etc). You're definitely going to want to add Evil Genius into the rotation!
I enjoyed a recent visit to this brewery.  The space is large, I found street parking without too much effort, as you serve yourself, you don't have to wait too long for beer.  On my visit, there were three "laboratory" beers on tap--beers that were only available at Evil Genius.  Confused when I saw One Time at Band Camp on that list after seeing it at Total Wine a few days prior, I inquired and learned that One Time at Band Camp is made with different hops every batch (and thus is always different), so the version I sampled at the brewery was different than the version at Total Wine.  With about ten beers on tap, there is plenty to sample.  Evil Genius does pretty much everything, but the focus seemed to be on pale ales (of all kinds) and darker porters and stouts.  

I thought the beer was great, the industrial space was nice, and I didn't mind the self-serve nature of the spot.  Why only three stars then?  In a city and surrounding suburban area with many, many excellent local breweries, I thought the prices here were too high.  A sample of five, four-ounce pours was $11.50 (whereas one 20-ounce beer is $3.50 cheaper).  A standard pour of 16-ounces is around $6.50.  At these prices, you can actually get Evil Genius at other area bars and pay less than you can at the source.  

The beer was good, but with these prices, I may choose another brewery first.
Everyone, please give the braintrust of Evil Genuis a round of applause, for they truly deserve all the accoladades they're getting.

We recently patronized this brewpub/brewery/neighborhood bar on Front Street underneath the rumble of the El on a Sunday afternoon. It was busy, but due to the enormity of the interior establishment (yes, it's bigger on the inside...Whovians, anyone!?) still a few tables were available if you want to methodically and patiently sample their creative menu of drinks. We found 'This One Time at Band Camp' and 'Turtle Power' to be refreshingly light and delicious, especially if you're looking for a summer ale substitute.

The interior of Evil Genuis is, simply put, an intelligently designed space with tall ceilings, an old school video gaming area resembling a college dorm living room, plenty of seating areas of bar stools and table/benches, and TVs to boot.

We also ordered food (i.e. deconstructed hogie) and it was a good accompaniment to draft beers. Was it the bomb diggity? No...there are a lot of Yelp complaints about their food and it's true - don't expect Michelin Star appetizers. The idea is that you drink enough so that the food is ancillary to the primary objective (which is to sample all their beers!). At the end of the day, they're a brewery. They don't have a world-class kitchen, and honestly, you twits who go there hungry shouldn't expect high-end dining; go down the street to Wm. Muherin's Sons and fill your empty stomachs with $$$ plates of pasta and pizza for that.

(Hey Evil Genuis guys and gals, how about adding a beer called 'Haters Gonna Hate' to your menu?)

Ok so my final assessment of Evil Genuis is that they did it right. Nothing there is chintzy. The beer is somewhere between great and who gives a f*ck. Frankford Hall, honestly, has nothing on EGB.

P.S. closest stop is Berks Station if you don't live in the hood of Fishtown/SoKo. Street parking is decent within quarter mile.
How unfortunate that this place ended up being a disappointment. The space is cool and nicely designed with a retro theme. The beer is also okay but nothing special (not on the level of Tired Hands). However, nothing makes up for rude staff which I have zero tolerance for. This review is for the blonde waitress who just pointed at my unfinished beer expecting me to hand it to her before I was finished and the bartender who snapped at my boyfriend when she couldn't hear him  the second time. It's a shame because as we walked in we were talking about how everything looked so cool and we wanted to bring friends by. But after a terrible experience, I doubt that I would ever go back or ever recommend it. Evil Genius, get your crappy staff in check.
Evil Genius Brew Garden is one of the newest additions to the drinking-craft-beer-outside scene that's ever-so popular in Philly these days. Housed in a small courtyard on Front Street (close to the El), this spot is cute and comfortable.

I'm glad our group arrived right at 4 p.m. Since it was opening weekend, they weren't quite ready for us, but once they did open the garden maybe 10 minutes later, we were carded and on our way to the suds fairly quickly. We lounged in the colorful summer chairs and really appreciated the umbrellas when it started to rain.

I loved that they had a few Saint Benjamin's drafts available, including one saison I had never heard of before: Bayside. I'm choosing to believe that was named after my favorite band.

If you live in the area or love Evil Genius, I'd definitely plan a visit this summer. I'm not sure I'll personally be back any time soon since it's a bit of a hike for me, but it seems like they already have a good thing going there.
While we were in Philly, we wanted to try some of the various breweries in and near the city. Evil Genius Beer Co. was on our list!

It's located about 20 minutes outside of the city near Fishtown/Kensington on Front St. The drive from the city to the brewery was interesting as you drive under the subway rails. It almost gives the vibe of NY City with the businesses along the road. I also loved seeing some of the artwork on the buildings - especially in Fishtown.

Parking seemed a little tight when we arrived. I'm not sure if they have a private lot around back; but, we only saw street parking available. It took us a few rides around the block until we landed a spot right in front of the brewery. 

The inside of the brewery is really neat. It is very clean and industrial; and, they have some interesting artwork on the walls! They have plenty of seating inside and surrounding the bar with additional outdoor seating in the back. If you're looking for a place to watch a game, there is a large projection screen TV on the wall toward the back of the brewery.

We tried the #Adulting which was a guava IPA and we really enjoyed it! So much so that we got a crowler to go :). I love the names of their beers, overall. If you've not been to this brewery or have not checked out their beers, take a visit to their website. They have their beer menu posted online and the names are definitely worth a gander, haha.

I'm sure we'll stop back next time we're in Philly!
We stopped by for a cocktail (or 2) understanding that we would have to order an appetizer -  that is just fine.

When we go out for a bite, we do not take our phones.  This seems to have been a problem.  We do not take pictures of bar codes to look at a menu.  The hostess (who carded use and we are 55 years old ... but, thank you for the compliment) told us that she would look into getting a print menu to us.  She then told us that the waitress would be able to tell us what is on the menu.

What should have been so easy ... Waitress should up immediately and looked "shocked" that we did not have phones.  When we asked her to give use some menu options she was lost.

We got up and left.  We went to another local establishment and ordered 2 appetizers and 3 drinks per person. 

I support local businesses, but not this one.  How hard would it be to have a printed menu????
Full disclosure, I do think Evil Genius is one of the best Philly area breweries around. Since I always enjoy their bottled concoctions (and have never had any of their stuff on tap), I was excited to give their brick and mortar location a try. 

I love this place! The brewery is on a lonely stretch of Front street but I kind of like the isolation. The building is spacious and I really like the set up they have going on, with the back of the brewery. Wing open air and having such a large outside patio. 

Everything on tap was great and a completely different experience from their bottles. Perhaps their most famous beer, Purple Monkey Dishwasher, is really amazing on tap. You can really get the peanut butter flavors on the top notes which are usually subdued in bottle form. Other stand outs included 'And it don't stop' which was their saison offering, which was very tart but still pleasant to drink, and 'Ermahgerd! Hrny!' which is their blonde ale infused with honey. The honey was very prominent but not overpowering or cloying.

So this brewery gets a big two thumbs up from me. Their beers are well crafted and walk the fine line between traditional and outrageous, somehow managing to please everyone in the process. This might be my favorite brewery in Philly, and it's definitely worth the trip.
EG is a nice local hangout and the atmosphere is outstanding. They have a great selection of beers and especially IPA's to drink on site and to go.   They have nice couches, Nintendo games, and outdoor games as well.
I've had the opportunity to visit Evil Genius Beer Company a few times this year. My first trip to Evil Genius was to scope out the place with a friend, who was considering the venue for her wedding. During this time the pigeons were starting their playoff run to their first SuperBowl victory in like forever. Everyone was going crazy for the "Fly Like an Eagle" beer that I believe hit the store that day, and was selling out fast. We planned on staying to closing so my two friends had to reserve their cans before it was gone. I just thought it was a craze but after taking a sip  the beer was actually pretty good. This is when I learned crazy names = crazy good.

I am not the biggest brewery fanatic. Other than my ritual visit to "Hardywood Brewing" on my way to North Carolina. This is the only time I've been on a quest to revisit a brewery.  My second visit came as I was burning some time before my YEE at Honeygrow a few blocks down. I figured my YEE was going to be stacked with libations, (because that is just how Michelle C do!!) so I took this opportunity to find the one beer I was really interested in trying. I believe it was the MA! THE MEATLOAF!! Crazy name ... crazy good.

So my friend decided to have her wedding ceremony and reception at Evil Genius. Labor Day weekend! Man does this place know how to hold a party. The food was catered from the outside, so all they had to do was keep the liquor flowing, and they did a damn good job. Open Bar, Evil Genius Brews, ... Hell Yeah! My wife, and the rest of the ladies of my group of friends were putting back some Gin cocktails. Even for a beer palace this place was keeping all the liquid goodness flowing.
Best brewery in town!

Super casual vibes with Nintendo and The Office on the TVs. Also, there is a side outdoor seating area for the warmer seasons.

First time there I went the pint beer flights -- staff was super helpful with making sure we got a little bit of everything from the seasonal brews to the normal ones. The pineapple and guava beers are DELICIOUS.

Hope they continue the special editions cans like the Trust the Process ones. Great place to stop by during the week nights.
This place sucks and the owner is an obnoxious, sweaty goon. Don't waste your time or money. Tired hands is right around the corner and the beer is better.
Extremely rude staff who act as if they're doing you a favor by answering questions on drinks you're paying for. You're a brewery with ridiculous (I admit some are pretty good) names for your beers - people are going to have questions. Hipster staff really feeling themselves and have no time for small talk (it wasn't even that packed). Get off your high horse and act like normal people to your paying customers.
Came here as part of the inaugural Keystone Comic Con. Evil Genius partnered with the con for a lime-ginger saison, and it makes sense, a lot of the decor is pretty nerdy, and evil genius implies just the same. It was a hop and a skip away from where I was staying in Center City but I'm glad I got the chance to try out this spot. 

On top of the saison, I did a beer flight, which included 5 beverages of your choice. I really liked their saison, which I think was a con specialty. Out of the flight, I think I only liked 1 or 2 out of the bunch, but that's okay, no hard feelings. Staff was very accommodating and the space is both large and cozy. There's plenty of TV's and you can even grab a game to play with friends. Didn't try the food, but it smelled good.
I love these guys. I love this beer.

Take the El to Berks, then walk south a block and it will be on your left. 

It gets really busy. If you're going on a weekend, go early. I love many beers - one of my current faves is Trust the Process. 

Bites are good. Take a little tour. There's a beer garden area too.  

When you're waiting in line for beer, you can practice your putting on their little mini golf area.
Such a great place to hang out (as is all places in Fishtown)!! They have so many beers on tap that cycles in and out. They just opened a couple weeks ago so they're still working out the kinks and the brew room in the back but still awesome. Very old school vibes. When I was there they had Freaks and Geeks playing on the television, sonic being played on the SNES and to top it off, their printed menus are on old VHS cases. 

The beers all have hilarious names, many of which are references to the Simpsons. My favorite one was called Trust the Process. Waiting for Turtle Power to come on draft. A flight was $10 and you get five 4oz beers of your choice. Lots of space to hang out and catch up. We brought bananagrams, ordered some food and drink some great beer. 

One thing I didn't like was their dessert nachos. They were just toasted eggo waffles with whipped cream and candy. I was expecting some fluffy type or homemade waffles. Little disappointed but the beer was good so it made it better. Will definitely come back.
Really good beer and with funny, creative names to boot. My favorites include the "ma! The meatloaf!" And "I thought the Rockies would've been rockier than this". Also good are the nachos and brucetta. When it's nice, sit outside and play games!
As their shirts says say, really silly beer names, really serious beer (or something like that). 

We came here after the Phillies game to escape 95 traffic for a bit, and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere is fun, funky, early 90s meets steampunk, and it's own quirk. They streamline how to order beer so you aren't just crowding up the bar, and I think that just makes it all the more efficient. There's ample seating inside, as well as an urba beer garden outside. 

I couldn't pick one, so I went with a flight - 5 pours for $12 - and had the killin me smalls, adulting, for the gram, purple monkey, and something else. One was a watermelon (delish - way better than 21st), a raspberry (also very tasty), coconut lime glitter beer (tasted too much like how an old lotion of mine smelled), PB porter (hands down fav), and a guava IPA (super drinkable and kept the IPA bite). Every beer was quite unique, but all enjoyable, to the point I had a hard time picking my next. And for those of you non-beer drinkers, they do have wine and spiked seltzer (no hard liquor though). 

If you're anywhere near the area be sure to check this brewery out, you won't be disappointed.
Such a cool space! It was beautiful outside today so we stopped by to try out some beer. They have outdoor seating and garage doors on both sides so it seems like you're outside even if you're inside. They have a variety of couches and tables around so you can lounge any way you want to. The best thing about this place was the HUGE selection of games they had. If I knew this I would have brought friends and stayed for hours trying out different games. 

The beer was pretty good too. Got a flight of five beers but the best beer they had was definitely the peanut butter porter. Their cream ale was a bit disappointing as it didn't taste like much. The pretzel ale was also a good basic beer as well as the sour and another porter (sorry forgot all the names). Basically all their beers were great except wouldn't get their cream ale and didn't try any of their IPAs. 

Their food menu is mostly bar food but looks like it would be good. We got a plate of nachos and it didn't seem worth the $8 price tag as it was basically just chips and canned cheese sauce with a few sprinkles of onions, tomatoes and sour cream.
Great vibe, better beer and good music (no Beatles). 
The decor is cool industrial and is repurposed from the old building making is cool and green.

The beers well there is simply one perfect one for everyone.  Fruity, hoppy, light dark, it's amazing how they match so many styles

And a key point here - more than 1/2 the beer menu is the LAB menu which means they are testing it here only with you.  Something special about that and in the world of a million microbreweries, Evil Genius is a shining star.
Great open seating, and tables outside too. Offers flights of 5 beers to try out a couple different things. Lots of boardgames and ways to spend time. Food is also really tasty, highly recommend their nachos.
Evil Genius is my favorite brewery in Philadelphia! I came across it on a hot spring day when looking for a place to drink outside in the Fishtown area, and the line for Frankford Hall was too long. Located underneath the train tracks, it has both an open indoor area, and an outdoor area with seating! There's one line for both food and drinks with multiple registers open, so it moves quickly, even when it extends all the way out onto the sidewalk. I highly recommend getting a flight (5 5 oz pours for $12) to check out the huge selection. Their beers all have funny/punny names, and you simply can't go wrong with any of them. My favorite is their watermelon blonde ale - called #icanteven; it's the perfect summer beer!
A local brewery with creative beers (and names), along with a large warehouse-style bar and a great outdoor patio/grass area...what's not to love?  Oh, they also have food, and plenty of veggie options!

I've been to the pop-up beer garden many times before their actual "bar/brewery" finally opened, and honestly, took me way too long to check it out.  The place itself has a cool, chill, atmosphere, similar to what you'd expect from most breweries.  They have N64 to the left, as soon as you walk in, in this small little basement-style couch and TV combo we all remember growing up with.  There's a mix of high-tops and booths, as well as a few seats at the bar.  The actual bar seating is limited because the middle section is reserved for you to order, as they don't have people serving you, except for behind the bar.  Interesting concept, but I like it, as it probably makes it easier and more efficient.

You can get different sizes of the beers they have on tap, so no need to have to fill up on a 16oz each time, especially if you want to try multiple kinds (or just a flight).  Their names are unique and they usually have something for everyone on tap (the day I was in had mainly IPAs, but I think they rotate them fairly often).

I haven't had the food yet, but their menu is interesting and crafty, just like their approach to their brewing and naming conventions to their beers.  This is definitely a spot to chill for a few hours on a weekend, or drop by for a beer in the evening.
Mediocre beer and not really worth going back for. Worth noting that the owners of this place have fostered a toxic work environment that actively encourages sexual assault, racism, and some other pretty awful things. They are guilty of that themselves. 

There are much better breweries out there. Evil Genius isn't one of them.
This review is based on take out during COVID 19. I've picked up beer in the past and usually the staff is friendly and outgoing and we've had a good time. Came today after placing an order and got nothing but attitude from the staff. I understand its a pandemic but if you go to the other breweries in the area they're so much friendlier and nicer. It's not like we weren't wearing masks and keeping 6+ feet distance.

Stopped by earlier this week and ordered a case to go as well their cocktails. Cocktails came in bottles that were 187mL (little over 6oz). I'd figure if they were this small they'd pack a punch in terms of booze, especially when they're charging $11 and the website says just pour over ice. Instead the bourbon cocktail tasted like straight up orange juice and the Gin Cocktail tasted like they just popped a bottle of ginger beer and poured half the bottle.  Complete waste of your time, please don't order this again. 

I wont be bothering going back, if I want one of their beers I can stop at a beer shop and pick it up for probably a better cost without the snobbiness.
Finally paid a visit to Evil Genius and really enjoyed it. They're constantly brewing something new, and there's really something for everyone (though a heavy leaning towards IPAs). I particularly enjoyed the pineapple and guava beers. 

A flight of 5 beers is only $11.50, so I'd definitely recommend getting that and deciding what you like. The beer hall is also spacious and airy, and the bartenders were friendly. 

Would recommend this place as a nice way to kill a few hours with friends on a weekend.
The beer is good but the patrons will assault you over your attire. Don't go here if you have a canada goose coat; apparently evil genius beer drinkers are also expert clothiers who are offended if you don't buy your winter coat from an approved brand.
Horrific customer service. Traveled from out of state to visit here and a few other breweries in the area. Picked up cans from each place we tried (planned on picking up a few from here too) and was turned away because of this. Apparently they're doing "so well" and didn't need our business. Guy at the door was so rude about it. No other brewery we stopped at had an issue and actually welcomed conversation about other beers/styles. Kinda bummed about the whole experience
My husband and I love this place. They have many flavored IPAs, which is what we gravitate to. We stopped by one random day over a year ago and have been in love ever since. It is our go to place, either day or night. Staff is always super friendly. The only downside is that we are big pretzel people and they don't have Philly soft ones or homemade ones here. The ones they have are typical concession pretzels and cost $8 for two :-(.
I would love to give this place 5 stars BUT i cant.

Upon arrival, there was a huge line for beer which is fine because it moved quickly. I took an uber here and I will tell you that I wont be going back home the same way I came. This place is not exactly in a nice part of Philadelphia. 

Be ready to tell them what you want when you get to the front of the beer line. My flight consisted of the first 5 numbers that popped into my head.

After getting my flight, the next battle was finding somewhere to put my beers down. This was actually the hardest part. I got pretty frustrated until I found a tiny uneven table outside to place both my and my boyfriends flights. It was a little warm this day I came so I wasnt too disappointed to be outside. As the evening went on it began to get cold. 

They need more seating here. Some of a more organization way to fit a lot of people into a not so large space. 

This place is cool and perhaps Ill be back but the location and lack of guaranteed seating might keep me away for the time being.
As brewpubs go, this is good find. Located way up Front St in Kensington and filled with cool beer, an open beer garden, plenty of sunlight, and some throwback games, EG does what pretty much every other area Brewpub does. This review serves to correct some points in made during my Check In. Brunch--the beer is plentiful and fine (I did a flight as did my guest) but the food menu leaves much to be desired. That's ok, the focus here is beer and atmosphere. EG aces that. Don't come here hungry, though. 
Good for kids--I wanted to say no. That throwback Sega console is for ME and my other Millennial friends, lol! But after seeing wave after wave of families come on and seeing the kids post up by the Sega or play jenga all while drinking root beer I realized how selfish my Check In was. Bring your kids. I saw babies and all of that during my visit and it didn't ruin my day. Just don't let them hog the Sega
Touristy--I figured being so far north under the L that no tourist would venture up. I was WRONG. two large groups toured through to see the brewery and to celebrate someone's 40th and then.....the Big Red Pedal Bike tour rolled in. Listen, you will definitely see tourists here. Guess we can't have all good things to ourselves. And that's ok, limited release beer and reasonably priced flights were worth it.
Fun brewery in fishtown! Place was packed and full of energy. Indoor and outdoor seating. Also have some wine and cocktail selections besides their signature beers. Great staff and they serve some bar snacks/food.
I just love everything about the Evil Genius taproom in NoLibs. 

It has this big open, garage-like space for drinking and hanging out. 

PLUS they have games and USB plugs near every (inside) picnic table.

Flights are a must and they have a limited selection of food that includes all the staples you need while drinking good beer. (See: Cheese curds)
A sun umbrella and barrel plus empty beer glasses fell on my wife and I who were sitting in their plastic adirondack chairs (in their beer garden). Luckily I was able to deflect it, so no harm. The issue I have is that we found out from staff (who took too long to come over and clean it up) that the umbrella and barrel had already fallen over earlier that day... this is negligence. We informed the manager who did not show interest. There are young children/babies walking around outside by those barrels and umbrellas... the lack of concern to solve a known safety hazard constitutes the 1 star.Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
We visited the beer garden about a week ago and were very pleased with the reservation process, 90 minute reservation, cleaning and social distancing. Yesterday, however, we had a completely different experience despite recent updated/more strict regulations regarding COVID, bars, and restaurants.
We were standing behind a party of 10 people, openly drinking white claw, at least 2 of them not wearing masks, waiting to be seated together. The beer garden was packed and the 30 minutes in between reservations between cleaning seemed to have been eliminated as people we're leaving well after 6 and we couldn't even check in until at least 10 after 6. We were very disappointed and felt unsafe and left and will not be back. Other places are doing things much more responsibly. It's a shame because the beer is really excellent which is why I gave 2 stars.
This is a fun spot to come to even in the midst of covid! They have a large indoor area with tables separated by plastic dividers. We came with a large group so unfortunately due to the restrictions we had to split into smaller groups. 

The menu has a ton of different drink options and beer flights as well. I opted for the beer flight which had 6 different mini glasses. Can't say I loved them all but it was fun to try different types.  For food they have the usual array of bar foods. We tried the pretzel bites which were freshly baked and served with a good cheesy sauce. As well you can order games off the menu for the table (although you do have to pay). 

Overall they did a good job accommodating to the times. It's a fun spot with a good atmosphere for a casual outing with friends.
We live out of state and drove to come to this brewery just to find out they refused entrance inside because we did not have a VACCINATION CARD. We had mask and still did not matter! We will never be back!
This was my first time at Evil Genius Beer Company, and I loved it. All the beers are named after fun pop culture references. I didn't know what I wanted to order, so I asked if I could try a sample of 2 beers. The bartender waiting on me said of course, and then got me 4 samples based on the 2 I had requested to try. I tried the Raspberry Shandy, Watermelon Ale, Pineapple Wheat, and Mango Wheat (most of whose names I don't remember). They all tasted delicious, but I preferred the Pineapple Wheat (I heart Lamp). One thing I loved about the brewery is that they had different sizes of beer you could order. You don't have to order a pint. They also have a create your own flight option. It's great for anyone who's indecisive or wants to try lots of beers. 

They also have great food options, including tacos, sandwiches, dips, and adult lunchables. I didn't try any of the food, but the food that was ordered by the people I was with looked delicious. 

I went on a Sunday around 2pm, and it wasn't busy at all. There were families with small children inside and outside. There was even a beautiful dog inside with a group of people. 

Their bathrooms were very clean when I used them. There was a sign highlighting their happy hours (all day Mondays and Tuesday!), which got me excited for a future trip.
I'm not a huge beer fan but enjoyed a few of their beers.  The staff was very knowledgeable and made excellent recommendations based on my non-beer preferences. 

The space itself had a very relaxing vibe. The menus on the old VHS cases was so nostalgic. I couldn't help but open and close them a few times for old times sake. EG also had a beautiful outdoor area with plenty of seating. I noticed a few dog bowls laying around so it is dog friendly.

I would absolutely return to check out their food menu as it looked good. Highly recommend EG even if you aren't a beer connoisseur!
(3.5 stars) Cool spot up in fishtown with a great industrial, open space feel. There's an outdoor area with cornhole and lifesize jenga, and an indoor section with lots of seating and board games. There's pretty much one line to order drinks which can get crazy long, but it moves fast. 

Sadly I wasn't crazy about the beers themselves. A flight is definitely the way to start (5 beers, 2.5oz each for $12), and they have a number of options but none of the ones I had or my friends did really jumped out at me. Was ready to move on to the next spot after finishing the flight.
What a cool little brewery! Was in town for a meeting and stumbled upon this quirky little establishment with comfortable chairs and couches full of board games and fun beer names! We did a sampler and I could not find one of them I didn't like! One of our beers had edible sparkles in it, sounds weird but made for a neat presentation. Pro tip: sit out on the patio boys, trust me on this!
Really solid brewery with a wide variety of different kinds of beers to choose from. Highlight for me was probably the $13 flight to sample a few! We were able to just walk in and grab a seat at the bar but there is an option to make a reservation ahead of time. Definitely worth checking out.
This place has an amazing selection of beer for all tastes. Ended up getting a flight and ended up moving Aziz Light Cucumber the best. Also got the veggie panini which was great and a great value for the portion provided. The vibe of the place is great too. Got to listen to a bunch of late nineties and early 2000s music while drinking and eating. Definitely a great place to chill and drink
Very cool beer garden close to the Berks EL stop. They have a nice draft selection and the beer names are hilarious ("I like lamp," and "Ma! The Meatloaf!" to name a few). To order, there is a line at the bar, which I appreciate. No waiting until the bartender notices you! If you want a flight, you fill out a flight card prior to ordering. They also have wine, cider and hard sparkling water.

The outdoor garden is dog friendly and yes, there will be a lot of doggos for you to pet on your visit if it's a nice day. There's also a bar outside, which I found convenient. They serve food, but we didn't have any during our visit. 

Definitely one of the city's most unique beer gardens.
Evil Genius has a fantastic atmosphere, with a great interior design, modern industrial look and tons of space to sit, stand and mingle. The eclectic collection of beers will satisfy anyone's palette. The outside area in warm weather is a great time.  Overall, I definitely recommend going to Evil Genius. Unfortunately, if you're hungry--I suggest you fill up elsewhere. The food is subpar relative to everything else mentioned.  This is coming from someone that understands bar/pub food is not meant to "wow" the crowd. I'm not sure if the food is supposed to be bad on purpose, but I have to admit I've left there earlier than I normally would to grab a bite to eat somewhere else.
Hands Up!! (Not down) for Evil Genius - The Best Brewery in Philadelphia. A must go for anyone into Brews, Nostalgia, laughable movie lines turned into beer names and more! The space was converted from an old garage with massive ceilings and all of the tables and benches upcycled from the wood from their original roof. An endless bar with 20 taps. Light fare for food + a great staff. Stop - Drop & Roll your way over now! Evil Genius for the win!
I went to Evil Genius with a group of six on a Saturday afternoon around 3:30. It was crowded and there were babies and children EVERYWHERE.  It has indoor and outdoor sections and 90s TV living room set up with games. We managed to snag a table inside and I got a $12 flight with 5 different beers. The beer names are hilarious, some of my favorite tasting beers were "BYE FELICIA," "Ma! The Meatloaf," and "You're Killing me Smalls". My group split nachos, pretzel with cheese, and the buffalo chicken dip. The buffalo chicken dip was tasty and loaded with meat, but the nachos were a disgrace. One could easily spend several hours here, except we got hungry and needed to leave for real food. If you're into a liquid diet, you could probably live here.
Really packed.  Only one good beer on the menu.
The rest were IPA garbage.  
Also since its a beer garden people feel obliged to bring their Mangy Fleabags to the bar.  I'm sick of it.  Either you walk your dog or you go out for a drink.  
Stop mixing the 2!
Its like eating on the toilet. Each deserves its own separate timeslot.

I'm not a fan of IPA or any of the Hoppy sour beers out here, but i give this place 5 stars for those that do love it and having the option of seeing a dog lick its own ass while enjoying their favorite beer.
It's been a hot minute since I've purchased or drank an Evil Genius beer but last weekend I found myself wanting to hit a new brewery and heard good things about this place. One thing led to another and now I'm writing a review. 

First off, Evil Genius has a really nice space. Lots of tables throughout plus an outdoor biergarten for the warmer months. If you've ever seen their beer labels, then you know they like to have fun with them. #Adulting, I Love Lamp, Sliding into the DMs etc. Plus this location has some cool Philly themed beers such as Trust the Process and Fly Like An Eagle. 

The beers are reasonably priced plus you can get 5 samples in a flight. We ordered a couple of pretzels, which are hard to screw up, but they were tasty especially with the cheese and mustard dipping sauce. My first bartender didn't seem like she wanted to be there but my second bartender was nice. 

Evil Genius is an overall great experience. I'd love to come back, try the food, and hang out outside on a nice day.
Other than it being a little bright, I had no complaints about this place. Tons of space, staff was tentative and fast, beer was very tasty and they had something for everyone. Seating was a little scarce at the bar (I was standing the whole time while my girlfriend sat) but tables seemed to open up fairly quickly. There is a cool lounge as you walk in with couches and what looked like video games and bathrooms were clean with no lines. Although we didn't have the food (ate at cedar point before hand), it looked like great simple but high quality bar food. Over all I would highly recommend this spot and embrace it as one of my new neighborhood weekend hangs. Great job guys!!
This review is not for the beer, but for the food. The food is TERRIBLE. Think much worse than the food at your elementary school cafeteria, and costs $9-10 for anything ($8.50 pre-tax for a grilled cheese that tastes like it was frozen for years before reaching you). They should be ashamed. Consider this a warning to anyone thinking of going there hungry. Before you say it's a brewery/beer garden, why even get food: Frankford Hall is a beer garden and it has great food, and Dock Street is a brewery with phenomenal food. Seriously, they should go with not serving food/just serving packaged chips if they're going to pass of these abominations as food.
I visited Evil Genius on a Thursday night with a group of about ten people. It was pretty empty when we arrived around 5, but got busier as the night progressed; it never got packed though (I'm sure weekend nights are a different story). The space is large with high ceilings; there are plenty of tables, high tops, and seats at the bar. We had no problem securing a large enough table for our group. The general theme is very 90s - the beer names, the menus on old VCR covers, the games at the tables, the year-round christmas decorations, etc. If you get a chance, check out some of the signs in the bathrooms, they're pretty funny. 

They offer a wide variety of beer, mostly IPAs. We didn't order any food, but that menu also looked extensive and appetizing (lots of veggie options too). You have to order in the middle of the bar where the ipads are (there are only two of them) which means you have to wait in line; since it wasn't busy when I went, this wasn't an issue, but I can image this would be pretty annoying with larger crowds. The prices were decent - $11.50 for a flight and around $5-8 for a beer depending on the size. If you're getting the flight, ask the bartended to write down which beer is which because they don't label them.
Love their beers and great atmosphere! Excited for it to be finally open. Food was okay and it took a really long time for it to come out.
This really cool spot along Front street is a welcomed addition to the community.  Great beers, okay prices, plenty of bathrooms.  3 drawbacks would be almost always a big crowd... with that crowd comes BIGGER NOISE (so loud its almost offensive, makes you not want to hang around) & lastly parking... but you can't have it all.  The food here is good, lots of small plates, some charcuterie and cheese boards, pickled things and bar food.  Whats not to like?  I SAID... WHATS NOT TO LIKE?!  I know, it's hard to hear in here.  I love that they do many styles of beer, not just IPA's.  My number 1 pet peeve with most brewpubs.  They offer a large number of sours if you're into that sort of thing (I am).  Viva Evil Genius!
Next up on the brewery visits...The Evil Genius! What immediately caught my eye was the super clever names of the beers. Hard to pass up on beer named after 90s pop songs or IG hashtags. Stopped in after brunch with friends on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed. We got lucky to find a table towards the back. The process to get your flights is cool. At the beginning of the line you get a card and write down the numbers of the 5 options you want and when you reach the register the staff put them in this circular A-E order and enjoy! 

Staff was friendly. Learned that tours are ONLY offered at 2pm Saturdays with the exception of private tours booked for groups. 
Music choice was interesting to say the least, but def good sing alongs lol. 
Games are available at tables (good luck with the mismatch Jenga pieces). 

Multiple bathrooms which is great considering how packed it was. 
Oh! my favoirte part after the great beer was the PRICE! Can't beat it coming from a New Yorker. 

Would def be coming back to check this spot out and enjoy the patio for warmer days.
Why have I just now made it to evil genius?!!!
Having only checked out their beer garden pre-grand opening I was amazed at how great of an indoor space they created.
Cool wall art, group/ mingling seating options and a walk up bar/quick bites allow you to set up shop, settle in and serve yourself at your convenience.
We didn't eat this time around so that I had enough room for 3, yes 3 purple monkey dishwashers (say that 3 times fast!)
Where have you been all my life with this light yet rich peanut butter chocolate delight?

We'll definitely be back to sample the wooder ice series, repping Super bowl Eagles gear as we ask in Philly glory!
The best thing about Evil Genius Beer is that they're brewing something new just about everyday. I'm convinced that if I came to this place once per week, there would be at least one new beer there each visit that I haven't tried yet.

They seem to specialize in IPAs, and make unique varieties of them. If you enjoy IPAs, this place is definitely for you.

We stopped by on a Saturday evening during the Philly beerfest, so I imagine it was a very busy time for them. They're in Fishtown, only a few blocks from Frankford Hall and Barcade. There was some bar seating, high tops, tables, and a biergarten open in the back.

As others have mentioned, you do have to wait in one line to wait to order your beer. As the biergarten was open, there was also a small bar with limited options available outside as well. The wait wasn't long for us when we got our beers, but it did seem long when we were on our way out the door.
Just stopping by Philly for a day and Evil Genius was our last stop. There was so much to do in Philly that we really had to narrow down what we get to do. It was our first time visiting Philly and Evil Genius is one of the breweries that we had to check out. 

The brewery was pretty big and they had plenty of seating available. We went on a Thursday night so maybe that's why it wasn't that crowded. The staff was really friendly and there wasn't a line to get beer. 

One thing that really stood out was the name of their beers. We ordered a flight of 5 oz pours and it cost $11.50. The ones we got to try were: 

Han Shot First * 8% Double IPA *
Gwyneth Paltrow's Head was in the Box * 7% Blood Orange New England IPA *
You Done Messed Up A-Aron * 5.5% Motueka Pale Ale *
New Phone Who Dis * 6% Caramel Macchiato Porter *
I'll Have What She's Having * 9.4% Chocolate Hazelnut Imperial Stout *

My favorite was Gwyneth Paltrow's Head was in the Box and New Phone Who Dis. The caramel macchiato flavor was good and I haven't tasted a beer like it. 

They didn't have a private lot but there was plenty of street parking available and we didn't have a hard time finding parking. 

Can't wait to go back! Definitely check them out!
Great beer selection and surprisingly nice food with a big spacious location. 

Love the beer names, which is reflective of their overall style. The menus are on VHS cases. There is an SNES you can play. The decor has a nice weird feel to it. Very large indoor space as well as a nice outdoor space with lots of tables and chairs. Dog friendly. Had the Buffalo chicken dip which was very simple but surprisingly delicious. Came with very nicely toasted pieces of bread. Plates and utensils were all bio-degradable. 

Cons I suppose were that its right next to the subway which was kind of irritating in the middle of the day. Not a huge food list. But hey, you should come here for the beer, not for a five course dinner. 

Great addition to the brewery scene of Philly!
Love this place. Great outdoor space, huge beer hall esque indoor space with cool games like card trivia, and classic boardgames. They even have a Sega to play on a tube TV. I've never been a huge fan of a lot of the beers they distribute but "the Lab" seems to offer a lot of one-off beers that I always like. I think having them fresh on site makes a big difference with the really hoppy beers as well. Haven't tried the food, but I know they offer some snacks here too but nothing really substantial. Come here for the beer and the vibe. Also, they're Instagram game is on point.
This place has such an amazing selection of beers. I happened to go here when there was a cool event of cookie eating for christmas. The place was all decked out in christmas decor and looked beautiful. They also had info about their roof bees! On the roof they have a small set of local bees where they use the honey for their beers. I love this so much!
Evil Genius is becoming one of my favorite breweries in the city. They are constantly putting out new and creative beers, including their recent Eagles themed beer Fly like and Eagle, a cherry wooder ice flavored IPA. Their Chocolate Peanut butter porter they call Purple Monkey Dishwasher, is an award winning porter that people really enjoy.

The environment in Evil Genius is very cool and relaxed a lot of seating and different places to hang with your friends and enjoy a very tasty and unique beer. On warm days they open up their beer garden which gives you a nice place to hang outside and drink some beers with your friends.

They offer a pretty unique food menu, including classics like peanut butter and jelly and grilled cheese and tomato soup, they also offer some desserts like their dessert nachos.

So if you're looking for a good place to hang with you friends have some beers and try beers you won't get anywhere else Evil Genius is a great place for you.
It pains me to write this as I'm a huge proponent of expanding out this area under the El and love local craft brews, however this place was underwhelming. The decor inside is awesome, it has a modern urban feel and plenty of seating. We apparently went for their Grand Opening weekend so I won't complain about the crowds and line as that's expected and my fault for not realizing it was Grand Opening. With that being said, the beers were nothing special. I ordered 3 beers at once as the line was too long to come back. I ordered 1IPA, 1 Ale, and 1 sour raspberry beer for the wife. Mistakenly, by the time I got back to the table I forgot which beer was which and figured I'd easily be able to distinguish the IPA at least. NOPE! I had no clue which beer was which as they all tasted nearly identical, beers were kind of flat and not much hops as one would expect an IPA to have. 

I really TRULY hope they work out the kinks and maybe I just got the bottom of the kegs, I'm willing to give this place another try and I hope they do well.
I really like the energy and vibe here. It's not the best beer I've ever had, but they get extra points for creativity and style.

I had a flight (which at 11.95 isn't the cheapest option, but the most fun with friends) and my favorite beer was their chocolate peanut butter porter. 

Had the toast with Nutella (impossible to screw up) but also had the Italian hoagie dip, it was pretty decent, not unreal, but decent snacking food.

The ambiance is great, very casual. It's a good little brewery in a blossoming part of town. It's nice for a drink and then a walk down bustling Girard Ave.
Very cool brewery and dining space in Fishtown. Right under the train tracks but you can hardly hear them go by. The tacos were great. The beers all have funny names inspired by your favorite movies. Very large and bright, the staff was friendly.
First visit to the Evil Genius Lab location.  Great environment to relax and enjoy.  Food was okay, could be better.  Had the nachos and soft pretzel.  Nachos were decent, soft pretzel was old and too hard.

Beer is outstanding.  Enjoyed a flight of five Lab exclusives and all but one I'd gladly enjoy again.  The one I didn't like was not due to quality but style of beer; not sure why I added that to my flight card since I know I don't like that style in general.

All in all, great experience.  Very cool space to enjoy world class quality beer.

Staff was perfect, friendly, and accommodating.  Bathrooms were very clean.
Evil Genius is worth a visit for beer lovers especially. They have a draft list and all the prices are the same for the various pour sizes. They offer a 5 beer flight for $11.50 which is a great way to sample many beers. But they also offer 8oz pours which I love because it's the perfect amount to enjoy a beer but not get too full off one. The place itself is really large, so great for groups and in the summer they open up the front and back as well as their beer garden. I love the menus on the VHS tapes. The food was okay, nothing special but satisfying. It took a really long time for our food to come out, but we weren't starving so we didn't mind. It's located pretty close to the L, so it's very easy to get to and it's not far from many other great spots in fishtown!
Beautiful space, fun and great tasting beers. Be ready to wait in a line (though it goes fairly quickly). I wish there was table service because it is hard to get a round of drinks for a group of friends (with all the long and crazy names of the beers) and if you want water, recruit extra hands.

A few cozy couches available if you are lucky but plenty of places to sit. The food menu is meh, but we were there for the beer.

Here are some tips:
1. Send someone from your party to save a seat and get in line. The line can get suddenly big.
2. If you are a smaller party, sit at the bar and keep your tab open. The cashiers/bartenders will check in with you every so often and you can just get another drink without getting in line again. (But you still have to initially get in line to start your tab).
Nice beer garden to enjoy a beer with your dog if you'd like and amazing happy hour specials!
I love this brewery! When I was here, we did the Saturday tour (comes with a free pint of your choosing) and it definitely is a "you get what you pay for" kind of thing.  Basically, a pint is going to be around $7 and the tour is like a buck (the whole thing is $8 when you request to purchase a tour).  The back brewery is one large room, and it's more of a standing than a walking tour.  They show you their brewing tanks and talk more about the history of Evil Genius, the process, inspiration for the recipes, the names, etc for maybe 45 or so minutes if I'm remembering correctly?  

The interior space of the brewery is so cute - it's really rustic and comfortable, and there's plenty of seating (although it still can be really hard to find seating for your group because it's bound to be really crowded).  The beer here without a doubt is really good - they do some of the wildest things to their IPA's, and there are some incredibly unique combinations you won't find at any other Philly brewery.  When I was there, I got both the free pint and a flight to split.  I drank way more beer than my tiny self should ever have to drink, but it was well worth it.  I had the I'm in a Glass Case of Emotion (so good, has marshmallow fluff in it? Wild), Nobody Expects the Spanish Inquisition (Dark Cherry Saison, one of my top faves), They Did Surgery on a Grape (not my fave but pretty good), I'll Have What She's Having (chocolate hazelnut yessss), New Phone Who Dis (the coffee in it is incredible, another top fave) and one other because at that point I think I was too drunk to remember more.  But 4/5 is pretty good right?

It's easy to take a 6-pack of your favorite home, and they also have the option to mix and match beers for your own customized 6-pack.  It's a perfect place to just come and catch up with friends and hangout. This brewery is always cooking up something new, so be sure to check it out often! The beer names are worth the visit alone honestly.
I like the vibes of the Evil Genius Lab, but unfortunately so does everyone else. Super hard to find a table, I've never been overly impressed by their beers, and the food is way over priced ($5 for a PB&J?!) They close fairly early, even on weekends so be aware. They have games to play their and you can bring your own. Lots of nostalgia pieces if you're looking to reminisce.
Super packed, tons of beer, great food. It is a must go if you're touring breweries like we were. I'm not a local so I don't know the scene but I had a great time here and plan to come back. Philadelphia has a great beer scene and feels more laid back than at home.
My second time here...still loving it...will definitely be back!!  I came here with a couple of friends after work on a Thursday night. Plenty of street parking. Not crowded. Beer and food service were a "10". 
Bartenders are ALWAYS super friendly and helpful. 
Atmosphere is very chill...I like the set up of tables, high bar tops...plenty of games to keep you busy if needed.   Huge TVs....everyone is friendly.

I'm a stout fan..so I tried the Purple Monkey Dishwasher and really liked it. If you are a peanut butter and chocolate fan, this is right up your alley. Friends had the And It Don't Stop and liked it as well. 
For food we shared the charcuterie board... YUM!...and had the chorizo tacos-- EXTRA YUM!! 
The beer is great. The food is great!! 
This place is great!!
 Can't wait to be back!!
This place is a mess. It definitely feels like a suburban brew pub plopped into the city. The beers all have cutesy nerd culture names, so you'll feel terrible about ordering most of them. I ordered the vegetarian banh mi, expecting a Vietnamese hoagie. It came out as a pita with some bland creamy tofu/tomato mix that was cooked in a sandwich press. I asked about mixed drinks and they could only make a gin and tonic, which seems like a really pathetic approach if you are going to carry one bottle of booze and a mixer. 

The physical space seems well done and has lots of room, but the decor is a mess of antique knickknacks and geek stuff (the men's and women's bathrooms have Star Wars decals on the door). Oh, and the men's room has a fucking trough urinal.

The music was the worst and huge TVs were playing local news and That 70s Show. The place cleared out by 10pm on a Saturday, which made total sense.
I'm obsessed with this place! I've never been to a distillery where I've liked EVERY beer. I seriously like every beer here. The Stacy's mom is super solid. I've also really enjoyed their porters as well. They always have something new on tap, which is fun, but a bummer if you found something you liked the last time (purple monkey dishwater). The ambiance is chill. You can play battleship and have a drink.
There is literally nothing to not love about this place. They have unique names for their beers - they are all fantastic and have a variety of different styles that are all unique. A peanut butter porter? A lavendar hibiscus? They also have board games and couches to lounge on. They have an outdoor area where you can lounge and watch the summer pass you by. 

This is one of my favorite breweries in the city and I'm always excited to come by for a flight. It's a great starting point for a great night.
Do you enjoy quoting Family Guy? The Simpsons?...ANCHORMAN? Are you wearing shoes? Well put them on! Now come to Evil Genius and have a beer! 

Evil Genius is the newest addition to the Philly beer scene. It offers some tastefully named beers- all references to a movie, a song, TV shows-that have nothing to do with the beers themselves. And I enjoy that. Why is "I love lamp" a pineapple hefeweizen? or my personal favorite, Turtle Power, a pale ale? We will never know. 

So grab some of your bros, shout "Ma the meatloaf!" and they'll give you a beer (It's a witbier). Just beware of the food menu, it's expensive. I don't know what "hoagie dip" is but its not worth $10. I have faith it'll get better. Drink the beer, and walk down the street to Loco Pez and get yourself tacos. 

Drink Local.
I really have enjoyed all the beers they have on their menu. The names of the beers are really funny and add to the experience - all related to pop culture. I also enjoy that the bar is not your typical bar and has games around that patrons can play and Netflix playing on all the TVs.
Listen, this place gets a 5 just on the basis that they took that spot under the MFL and transformed it into that incredible space.  Great location, great renovation, great beer garden and, although their beer may not be in my top ten ultimate favorites, they are constantly rotating draft selection and making it fun! There beer has to be good because we are basically there every weekend.   We also love the bartending staff - They are always friendly, fast and efficient.

I cannot rate this place on food - Just putting that out there.  I have not tried the food myself because this is typically the spot we hit for happy hour! 

For anyone visiting Philadelphia and hitting up breweries, THIS IS A MUST.  You aren't going to find a brewery like this anywhere!
Great beer, wish they had more food choices though. Weekends are super busy.
This place is sweet. Currently 10 beers on draft, most are "lab exclusives," meaning you can't buy them in stores. It's a hopping (no pun intended) place on weekends, and I can only assume the same on weeknights, as they aren't open until the work day is over. Currently there's a DJ, and the people sitting next to me are playing Risk, so they have board games that are extremely complicated. Also a fun mini-golf contraption. While I didn't have the food,  the dessert nachos sound AMAZING because why wouldn't chocolate covered waffles be delicious? I think it's funny you can order toast. For real, toast is an option. I love that their menus are on old VHS containers. The exposed brick is awesome, and I imagine when the guy finishes painting his mural outside, it will be awesome too. I will be back. Several times if I have a say.
One of the most adventurous breweries in the city. Most of their beers have a fruity twist. Think Mango "Wooder Ice" IPA and Guava IPAs. I normally like very hoppy beers, but I'm also a huge fan of Evil Genius's beers. They are constantly coming out with new beers on their rotating list. Fly like an Eagle has been my favorite to date. The interior and names of all their beers pay homage to everything early 90s (in a good way). Nice outdoor beer garden too for spring and summer. My only negatives are that the to go beer is pretty expensive ($20 4 packs) and they close pretty early  even on the weekends. Although it's not in the most  attractive area of fishtown/kensington I would rather take a friend from out of town here than Yards.
We love the beer from here so we had to stop by while in town.  Took a Lyft from downtown then walked to a few other places afterwards.   I had a flight and the husband had a Salty Pretzel pint. Great beers with great names! I love the pop culture referenced names from movies and memes. Could have stayed longer but it was a bit too cool outside, a little too quiet for a Saturday night, and we wanted to see more of the area. A must-go for brewery lovers.
Great spot to get a local brew. Their beers are terrific for the most part and this spot is perfect for their style. Basic bar menu with reasonable pricing. The space is open and great for small group of friend to meet and catch up. Street parking in the area is plentiful. It's definitely a go to spot in the area if I ever need to suggest a place!
Amazing, big space, great food options, the beers are unique, full of flavor, quite potent, and constantly rotating.  Always a good vibe, not too quiet, not overly loud, and typically an immediate seat available even on the busier nights.  One of my favorite neighborhood spots in South Kensington.
Really loved the beer, but not the seating- or lack there of.  Honestly, we didn't plan the arrival for the two of us to have a few beers and grab something to eat we'll.
2:30 Saturday afternoon was packed! Had 2 beers and then headed out!
What a great name for a brewery, right? The atmosphere of this place is awesome, both inside and out on the patio. Lots of people, great music on the speakers, just a great vibe. 

The beer is delicious, which is probably the most important thing to know. I've tried many of what they have on tap, and most of them are really really good (a few aren't for me, but that's ok). The names of the beers are amusing too.

The food is solid, can't complain about enjoying a good sandwich with my beer(s)!

I will definitely be back.
Evil Genius definitely captivates the uniqueness of the Fishtown neighborhood from its open, industrial feel, to its unique names for beers. That being said, coming into this bar, one does not simply order a single 16oz beer. If you want the full experience, a flight is an absolute must. $12 gets you 5 samples of any of the beers on draft (which is nice because I've noticed that quite a few places in Fishtown will charge a premium for certain beers in a flight). I think my favorite beer from the entire selection is the Purple Monkey Dishwasher, which is a chocolate peanut butter porter. The peanut butter taste is very strong with a subtle hint of chocolate, which makes for the perfect dessert beer. I also really loved the "But Marge, It Works", which is a Vienna style lager made with sesame seeds and adds for a unique flavor and the "Bye Felicia", which is a passion fruit IPA. I'm not a fan of fruity beers, but this one in particular changed my perspective. The food, for what it is (think crockpot/panini press) is also decent. We ordered the grilled cheese and vegan tacos, which were both excellent and hit the spot in satisfying the inevitable munchies that come with consuming a few beers. If you're a craft beer lover and find yourself in Philly, this spot is definitely a must! 

Side note: definitely a fun place to bring my pup as well when the weather is nice enough to sit outside!
Love the beer and vibe. Nice place to hang out. 
I truly love it! 
They have really good beer.
